“Oh!” He heard Moriarty exclaim loudly. “He’s hear. Come to save your pet?”
Sherlock had still not said anything.
“I mean, if we tell Lestrade, he’s gonna know somehow.” John continued. “This whole thing must have been a trap.”
“You didn’t sleep well last night.” Sherlock said, less of a question, more of a statement. “I thought it had gotten better.”
Moriarty didn’t say anything, but smiled suggestively.
Sherlock had reached the back side of the house and was happily surprised to find a door, and even more pleased to see that it was unlocked. Part of Sherlock’s brain wondered why it was so easy to get in, but the only thoughts that held any merit at that point, where the ones about how he needed to get to John.
“Where did you find this?” Sherlock asked looking back to the packaging.
The question hit Sherlock full force. He took an unconscious, mouth opening, his body trying to get a breath.
Sherlock shakily sighed. “Since the beginning I think.”
Thanks for the support! Here's to at least 4 more chapters.
Then he thought back to Moriarty coming back into the room, and with one glance, him and John deciding that they would die together if it meant taking out Moriarty with them.
Sherlock faced the building to the right. “I’ll go in this one.”
“I don’t think he had a choice, and was doing it against his will, but yes, I think that it’s not something we should count out.”
The man simply raised his eyebrow, but opened the door to let Sherlock and John enter.
“No. Neither of us were ever interested in that sort of thing with each other.” Sherlock said, in a tone that indicated that this conversation was over.
“I think he likes whatever these cards are supposed to mean.” Sherlock replied, pacing about, then taking his phone out of his pocket and opening a web browser.
**********************
John and Sherlock walked quickly over to where the rest of the officers had gathered. Sherlock pushed ahead, and bent down to look what was there. Carefully he reached in.
Greg’s voice is soft and gentle. “But does he make you happy?”
John startles when Chris holds up an object right in front of him, and it takes a moment for his eyes to adjust on what it is before he reaches up to grab it with numb fingers. It’s a small medallion on a chain, made of sanded, gleaming wood. John holds it in his palm and runs his thumb along the smooth, flat surface. Something about the coloring of it looks familiar to him. Then he notices the barest trace of spray paint at the edge. Realization slaps against his face, and he gasps.
John and Sherlock stare at him in the sudden silence, and Greg tries not to cower, feeling hot and tingling across his skin. But the victory he expects to feel at finally getting a word in quickly turns to guilt when a flash of shock passes over Sherlock’s face. Sherlock ducks his head and licks his lips.
” he whispers. His hand trembles between John’s palm and the metal. John strokes his fingers along the back of Greg’s hand.
She goes on. “His family have cut ties with him since that night. They won’t sign the paperwork for us to turn off his support.”
The stewardess laughs again, louder this time. John realizes she thinks he’s joking.
“I will.”
Scotty’s soft, grey eyes dart down quickly to the pocket where they both know the bullet casing is hidden. He breathes out quickly through his nose and dips his head. “I know. I – I’m realizing that.”
Then I’m gone.
His eyes are blazing in the moonlight. He takes one look at me running towards him and a funny tension in his shoulders escapes, sagging and relaxed. He motions for me to follow and we sprint towards a Yamaha parked in the safety of the dark. He leaps on in one movement and starts the engine with a roar. I climb on behind without hesitation. Without needing to ask.
John takes both their hands with a firm grip, feeling like he’s a schoolteacher meeting his students on the first day of class. “John. Great Britain. Biathlon.”
He closes his eyes and listens to the familiar sound of Sherlock popping open the cap, rubbing the cream to warm it up on his long fingers and smooth palms. His limbs start to relax just from the sound alone, and John’s bones melt into the thin mattress at the soft smell of the cream filling the warm air in the small room.
And he’d wished like hell that he believed it. Fist pressed tightly against his mouth as he looked out the window and watched the rolling green zoom past, dotted with pearls of flowers. It hadn’t looked like Vietnam anymore. It had just looked like Oahu. And the open breeze had felt stiff and suffocating against his face.
Stupid.
He pictures, for the countless time, what he’ll look like when he embarrasses himself later this morning. When he has a panic attack, or comes in last, or quits halfway through the race when he forgets how to stand-ski with the prosthetic. And he wonders whether Greg or Sherlock would ever own up to knowing the Great Britain Para-biathlete that everyone’s carefully trying not to pity too much. If they would admit to kissing him, holding his naked body in bed at night. If they would even want him after.
“Yes, well, we’ve been training together. For the Billabong,” he says, voice flat and steady.
The noise is nearly overwhelming; it pulses and heaves like it’s echoing in an endless loop off the walls of distant snow.
” into John’s wallet the next morning with no further explanation.
-Calling someone a "narc" had its origins in someone who snitched to the cops about drugs. In slang, you can use it to call someone who's turned their back on you.
John waits expectantly for Scotty to turn on his heel and book it out of there as fast as possible in his perfectly shined shoes. Humiliation accomplished. Mission completed. ‘Holier than thou’ gloating quite successfully achieved. When he doesn’t, John starts to grow wary. He can practically feel the weight of Scotty’s gaze on him – judging, scoffing, pitying. John’s defenses rise, prickling the hairs on the back of his neck and his arms.
Her little baby starts to wail, and Alma steps back inside the door. “Come on, then,” she says. “Her Highness has decided it’s time to eat.”
He smirks even more when a small shiver rushes across the bare skin of Sherlock’s neck. “We can discuss that later,” Sherlock hisses, just as someone physically grabs Sherlock’s arm and starts to haul him towards the stage, and the cameraman starts the countdown at ten, nine, eight . . .
John wants to ask a thousand questions – mainly what the hell was Scotty Holmes thinking when he took advantage of John’s stubbornness and goaded him into riding the best wave of the set. He stands there staring up at him in disbelief, painfully aware that they’re still standing far too close for two acquaintances in the middle of a dockyard, one covered in blue collar sweat and grime and the other one just stepped off a fashion show runway.
A truly unsung hero of this fic is my translator P. Not only does she translate faster than should be humanly possible, she also adds such warmth, vibrancy, wit, and color to Greg and Sherlock's dialogue. I'm forever grateful for her time and expertise! All remaining errors are totally my own.
He’s furious at himself and beside himself and terrified of himself and embarrassed by himself and amazed at himself and so fucking elated he feels he could hold out his arms and simply pinwheel up into the sky—fly better and faster and higher than any helicopter he’s ever flown. Survive any enemy fire. Touch every star.
. As if they would never kiss again, and had no reason to feel disappointed, because they had never really kissed in the first place. As if they were a coach and his pouting skier, and the last three years had been a shared hallucination.
Everyone is utterly focused, but calm. There is not a single note of background music, only the collective deep breaths of the paramedics and the whispered counts.
I suddenly wish with desperation that the pain medication could numb my self-loathing the same way it’s numbed my aching limbs.
John frantically tries to read the words on Greg’s lips as Greg finally pulls his hands off Sherlock’s face and puts them in a less intimate position on his shoulder and chest. John’s knee goes weak as Sherlock eventually reaches up a fragile hand to grip weakly at Greg’s wrist.
Then he laughs. “
Was it ever even really a choice?
“Five minutes, sir,” someone wearing a headset tells him.
John barely has time to wonder why until he hears a groan of disappointment and shock behind him, and he looks to the scoreboard.
wanted to receive ever again for the rest of his life just a handful of restless hours later. The heart-stopping terror of two nonsense words—words which had caused Sherlock to sprint outside barefoot across the Village, as if that even would have helped John at all, before he finally came to his senses and forced himself to walk back inside. How he’d paced his very warm room and clutched his phone after telling John how to get into his building, forcing himself not to ask him every two minutes whether he was still sure he could make it back. How he’d imaged John’s small, crumpled body half-buried in snow, until he finally heard John’s hand on the doorknob and casually threw himself down onto his bed, reminding himself to
The pain when he hits and scratches me feels muffled – like it’s happening through the cover of a blanket on my skin. More crashes and yells continue from above – then sprinting footsteps and the slam of a door. Sweat pours down my forehead. My breath like a saw. Fingers tensed and numb.
John shakes his head, zips his jacket the rest of the way up. “I don’t know if that’s –”
“Yes,” he says, laying it on thick and practically oozing over the counter. He tries to look adorably self-conscious, looking up through his lashes. “Yes, it is me.”
. Christ, Sherlock, I could have . . .”
Who is Scotty Holmes?
The nurse looks nervous behind her bright smile, shining under the fluorescent lights. So am I. I grip my cane harder in my hand and nod to her, motioning that she can come and help me up from my chair.
when John quietly stepped inside.
Finally John takes a step forward and lowers his voice, pointing a finger straight at Sherlock’s chest.
He stares for another moment before crossing his arms and turning back to keep talking with Gerold. Gerold goes along.
And that’s how come the first two weeks I ever knew your granddaddy, I was hovering at the edges of his life all scared, just waiting for a punch.
When Sherlock enters him, when he is irrevocably inside Greg Lestrade, there is a vast hush. A suspension of time.
(He wants to say fuck it to his sobriety, grab a wad of cash and search the streets until he can find . . .)
Heat flashes across John’s skin with a tingling burst as Sherlock briefly grips his biceps. John flexes on purpose, expanding into Sherlock’s palms, and Sherlock’s breath falters for a moment before he quickly resumes the normal massage.
But whatever it is, Greg suddenly remembers that there
He meets me half way, drawing me into his arms and kissing me before I can even say a word. The nervous block of ice in my chest shatters under the force of his warmth. I laugh against his lips. Cling to the back of his shoulders.
“It’s the oddest thing to see him asleep in the World,” Nurse Hooper says from his bedside. “He only ever sleeps in Time. But he fell asleep just a few minutes after you left earlier today.”
Christ, but the wind against his cheeks, the way his right leg is beautifully conforming to the contours of the ruts in the snow, the way his poles strike the ice and reverberate through his shoulders, the way the ice tastes in his mouth, mixed with snowflakes and sweat . . .
He left before we could offer him anything, and demanded that he be the first to know when they were born or else he’d only send Sherlock cheating spouse cases for a year. When it was just the two of us Sherock opened the card with shocked and trembling fingers, and we saw that it was signed from what appeared to be the entirety of Lestrade’s team. Mostly genuine well-wishes, a few misplaced “happy birthday’s” or “get well soon’s”, and a gift card for a frankly exorbitant amount to a baby store. At the bottom of the envelope wrapped in tissue paper were two tiny police badges, with a note promising to have our daughters’ names engraved (and a special addendum from Lestrade that he would
—has inspired an entire generation of French kids to take up competitive skiing just because he wore a French flag about his shoulders all those unstoppable years he won Gold. All the way up until that last Sochi run.
Sherlock doesn’t even look up at the prospect of John visiting. Greg bites down another hissing stream of curses. He’s already said all he could possibly say, and Sherlock wouldn’t listen to anything else anyway. He wonders if Sherlock is aware that Greg remembers every single syllable Sherlock uttered. That he cannot just delete their argument like Sherlock undoubtedly has.
Sherlock notices, too, when I glance back at him. We both of us never talked about what the hell we were gonna do if Kurt somehow took one look at us and figured out we weren’t just ranchin’ friends.
He waves off a makeup brush zooming towards his face, briefly feeling a pang of something like shame—had it really been only a matter of days ago when he had stood in this exact spot preparing for his interview with Greg? Texting John and ducking his head to laugh? Gladly accepting the makeup artist’s urgings (he pretended to refuse at first, of course) so that he could look his best and impress Greg? Look worthy of being his skier?
I do.
God, but they’d been so
“But it isn’t you,” Sherlock says, almost too gently.
“What are you thinking about,” John suddenly says.
He quickly blinks twice.
Greg doesn’t look back. “I know where he is.”
And John suddenly knows, with a shameful intensity, that if he had been in Greg’s place, he would have broken apart. He would have released everything he had wrapped up and kept held back since James finished that sentence years and years ago. He would have collapsed on Sherlock’s chest, let his desperate tears fall into his curls.
John rolls his eyes and feels a delighted warmth bubble over in his chest. “Not that, you asshole. Lie down and I’ll get your back.”
Received:
“Why does that – of course it matters, Sherlock!” John huffs and feels his shoulders tense and hunch. “You can’t just – how did you know?”
“I meant what I said,” Sherlock breathes. “Everything I said. I meant it.”
John holds his gaze and gives a slight nod, bringing up a hand to gently push Sherlock’s hips down onto himself.
It was one of the most erotic things I’d ever seen, and I was considering how well it would be taken if I suggested he join me in our bedroom. We haven’t had sex, or any physical intimacy, really, since Spain. At first I was worried for him – even though he looks so hugely pregnant, he hasn’t quite hit that final stage of complete discomfort that usually comes with twins. He can still find an ok sleeping position, and move around and get up on his own without too much struggle, and so I guess I figured that even lying together and having a good snog would still be in the cards, especially after the mind-blowing sex we had on that porch.
He’d had a different folded up piece of paper in his pocket that time.
instead of
“But you brought it up in the first pla—”
“Yes,” I suddenly say. I’m surprised at my own voice. “Yes,” I say again. I try to nod. “I’m sure.”
John takes a moment to compose himself. All over again, the sound of James’ voice in his ear is doing something to his stomach—something wistful and tinged with pain, the mourning of a life gone past. Somewhere deep inside him, beneath the snow and the skis, his comfortable existence in nice houses and expensive resorts . . . there is a piece that misses the hot sand, the flap of the tent walls, the smell of runway asphalt baking in long, black smears. James’ voice yelling him awake at four in the morning. Terrible dehydrated meals. Dirt under his fingernails. Heatstroke and sponge baths and dust. An overwhelming, soul-consuming, unbreakable sense of
“Right,” John says as he strides inside. He scrubs his skin furiously in the tiny shower, rubbing until he feels pink and raw. The door to the bedroom is closed, light pouring out from underneath by the time John makes it back out to the main room. He flicks off the light with such force it nearly topples over, flings himself onto the couch, and hates himself when he notices Scotty left a folded up blanket and a pillow for him. He huffs onto his side, forces his brain to shut off, and stares blankly into the dark.
, John.”
John still hasn’t moved. He clears his throat. “Will you find him? Will you talk to him?”
John shudders at the thought.
“That photo - no wonder he likes you so much,” she says with a glint in her eyes, then she rises and helps me to my feet in one steady movement, wordlessly handing me my cane. She doesn’t need me to say anything back.
“Ahh, poor dear,” Maxine mutters. “Everyone was saying he could be the underdog . . . And on his home turf, too . . .” The entire world seems to hum in sympathy along with her.
He’s breathing fast when I get on my hands and knees. I feel his hardness brush up against me all tentative, like he don’t know what to do from here. I look over my shoulder and nod my head. His eyes are half lidded.
“I sorta thought she was gonna react more when you told her about me today.”
, even if they’re all in the middle of Korea, even if Sherlock and Greg are at Jeongseon every hour of every day for the next week focusing on his runs, even if they don't all go and have sex outside in the snow, even if they don't share a bed in the Village again—fuck the Olympics.
We finally make it to the competition! But is John ready for the pressure?
“Me don’t do this? Look at your face. You clearly don’t even believe in your argument anymore. You’re just saying this because you’re the coach and you’re supposed to.”
“This is John,” he says. “He’s the new Billabong champion.”
I see it now in their eyes and want to vomit over my own stupidity. My own willful, cataract blindness where I somehow thought I was a soldier who’d slipped through the cracks. Where I thought like an idiot that it wouldn’t be highlighted in big bold red in my papers and records: “Fought.”
Sherlock had shot John a quick glance, placing his hand on John’s knee. John’s mouth had gone dry – they hadn’t discussed this before. The question hadn’t even crossed his mind. Then Sherlock had squeezed gently and looked up at Christ standing in the doorway. “There’s a small cliff just at the end of the beach,” he’d said. “I think we’ll do it there.”
But he hadn’t. He’d kept his mouth shut, because it had been terrifying to imagine the light of adoration dying in John’s blue eyes. And so he’d never corrected John again. And Gregory, his level-headed, determined, stronger-than-a-force-of-nature Gregory, had never once brought it up, out of peaceful ignorance that Sherlock had cleared it all up privately with John. And if they had privately discussed it, then no more need be said,
The word hung in the air, neither men quite reacting to it.
“How long?” Mary asked.
“Those awful feelings of yours.” Moriarty said. “They keep messing with your brain.”
“Why did you keep it?” Sherlock asked, trying his best not to sound accusing.
Sherlock raised his hands out in front of him, as Mary pulled a gun out of her coat pocket, armed it, and faced it directly at Sherlock.
“Must be.” Sherlock said.
Sherlock saw John’s face after clicking the mouse, and curious as to see what the matter was got up from his chair and lent down over John’s shoulder.
“Call your brother. Have him change things around like he did for you.”
At Barts Sherlock carefully set the package on one of the clean countertops. John followed him in, and both sighed in relief.
“Wasn’t the blog his move?” John asked.
Sherlock pulled out the papers from Moriarty that had the barcodes on them from his pocket. “I was so close with these the other day. In fact I was along the Thames, but on the other side. If this is where our map leads to, then I’m sure these will come into play.”
It was a couple minutes later when John looked up from Rosie, his eyes hard, and red. “Do you know who is?” He asked his voice cracking.
*****************************************************************
“I’ll get it fixed later. Right now we need to get inside.” He stood up, and looked over the car towards the house. “Take out the rest of the fake officers.”
This continued into 1 am. Neither had realized how late it had gotten, and had hardly eaten any of the food.
There was a pause, and then Sherlock said “Is this what Moriarty told you to do?”
Another silence ensued before Sherlock turned to the barcodes. “I can easily see what kind of items these belong to. However, getting them scanned somewhere might trigger alerts he has set up.”
“Well isn’t this nice.” Moriarty droned out. “The three of us, together again. But oh, wouldn’t it be better if it was just the two of us again Sherlock? Like up on that roof.”
Ohohoh we're getting to the end folks. I've decided I am going to end at chapter 10, but maybe if I get enough requests I'll do something really short, like a kind of epilogue after.
“He said I couldn’t tell you, or he would hurt my family.”
“I think we need to wait for him to make his move.” Sherlock said.
“Just bring them in here.” Sherlock said. “We’ll start with the lighter.”
“Does she look familiar to you?” John asked, moving to get a better look of her face.
“Get out, and walk inside.” Said the cab driver, who John had already accessed he had never seen before.
“What did he tell you?” Mycroft asked cautiously.
“Yes.”
*****************************
Then they are hugging.
Moriarty continued; “his poor pet John, out of the way, the baby taken away, he’ll be so broken. He’ll have nowhere to turn. You know what can happen to him if he gets bored. Have you ever seen him heartbroken?”
“So what are we doing here?” John asked, looking around.
“So, what do you think?” she said leaning forward.
“So do I need to be bait?” John asked.
“No.” John said. “Now I do the talking. I’ve thought about what I want to say. I’ve tried millions of speeches, trying to explain everything. But then I realized that not everything needs explaining. We’re a bit of a mess, you and I.” John said. He laughed a little, and now feeling more confident, made eye contact with Sherlock, who looked back at him. “There’s no way I can put into words what you’ve done for me. We have a bit of a complicated past. But it’s the past now. Right now is something new, and tomorrow will be new, and the day after that will be new. But I think that if we always do it together, we can deal with new.”
“No, Cam dialed an ambulance on his phone before I knocked him out. I didn’t realize until after you told your version of the story. I thought that I had really killed you. And I was glad.”
“I’ve got about 10 missed calls from Ms. Hudson.” He said, setting down the brown paper bag of food on the small table.
John’s door opened again, and when he looked to see who it was, he finally saw Sherlock.
John’s eyes rose to meet Sherlock’s. “So you and The Women?” He asked, a little shakily.
“Texting somebody isn’t cheating John.” Sherlock said, certain he had reassured John of this before. “Texting doesn’t really mean anything these days.”
“Where did you get these?” Ciarda asked while flipping through them.
****************************
This chapter is half the length of all the other ones. This is because I wanted to end this chapter in a certain spot, and didn't have enough filler in to reach the normal length. To make up for this chapter 10 will either be published this week, or earlier than normal next week. At this point I am pretty sure that I am stopping at chapter 10, and it may be a little bit on the longer side to make up for this short one.
John didn’t reply, but instead opened the website for his blog. There were all his latest entries, a couple pictures on the side. Nothing seemed out of place. Of course his writing wasn’t as good as it normally had been, but he didn’t think it was terrible either. He couldn’t think at all why anyone who he met that knew about the blog kept saying negative things wrong with it.
Sherlock looked around, and saw the item nearest to him was a text book on the workings of the solar system. He had no idea how it had gotten there, and figured that someone must have put it there as a joke. He grabbed the book, moved Rosie in into the crook of his arm, and started reading the introduction out loud to her.
But instead they ended up going back home to Baker Street, shaky and wondering what was going to come for them in the future. Now he was back here, years later. Sherlock had ‘died’; John had been married, widowed, and now a father. The only thing that didn’t feel like it had changed at all was they were still dealing with Moriarty. And Sherlock still hadn’t told John.
It took about 10 minutes for Lestrade and a crew from Scotland Yard to arrive at the market, get people out of the way, and set up yellow police tape. Lestrade had tried questioning Sherlock about what might be under the concrete lump, but Sherlock hadn’t given any clues. There was the usual taking pictures of everything before they could remove the concrete to figure it out, and quite a crowd had grown around the outskirt of the small plaza. After pictures and notes were taken, a worker carefully was able to chip away at the spot.
John looked up from the paper he had been pretending to read as Sherlock sat across from him, crossing his legs underneath him.
John pulled back the hood, and looked in the stroller, only to see that it was empty. His hands flew back behind his head, pulling on his hair.
The final, final problem was not Moriarty. It was what he needed to say, if he could. Before, they were both going to continue living, for Sherlock only for a little while longer. But now death was leaning over their shoulders. Watching the two men stare each other in the face.
Then the cab pulled up to Baker Street, and stopped.
“So we can just look up what they mean.” John said, moving to get his laptop.
The door was open slightly, allowing one to see that there was a large brown parcel on the front step. Sherlock stepped out first, bending down to look closer at it. He could see a large amount of blood had started seeping through one corner of it, and onto the pavement. John was right behind, saw what was happening, and moved down onto the street, looking for someone who could have dropped it there.
“Because Moriarty knows how to get to you.” John said, pulling out his phone and trying to call Ms. Hudson.  “He’s done it before. She’s not going to be any safer than Rosie.”
“Why didn’t you say something before?” John asked.
Thinking about Magnussen got him thinking to what had happened after that. Being arrested. Mycroft sending him away to a place he was sure to die in. And how close he had gotten to telling John. There had been so many instances now where the words had been in his throat, heavy, and weighing him down.
“If you’re just doing this to distract yourself, you should know we have bigger things to worry about.” John said as he sat down.
“If we wanted to do that he wouldn’t have hacked into your blog.”
After that it was his sister, Harry. That conversation was tense and awkward, and didn’t last too long before Harry had to leave.
“Borough Market.” Sherlock said. “We’ll have to go there.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened, and turned in a circle, finding the bench they had been sitting on before the oysters. The stroller was there. He quickly tugged on John’s sleeve, and they both ran over to it.
“Yes, yes” Mycroft said “and without Sherlock’s involvement you would be in jail right now.” Mycroft said, starting to get heated. “The point is; I had to tell him. Otherwise millions of people would have died.”
“Do you know anything about tarot cards?” John asked as the last one dried off.
“Any interesting cases?” Sherlock asked as he removed the safety googles from his face.
Sherlock’s eyes had glazed over, and John knew he was trying to figure something out. But that would take too long.
He clicked on the first link, titled “She Knew.” Scrolling through the entry, there was a mashup of words.
Sherlock thought for a moment. “I think he’s trying to separate us again.”
“We need to get you to a hospital.” Said one of the officers.
Sherlock had heard John, and he wanted to be able to keep the gun in his hand, and shoot Moriarty, and be done with him once and for all. Only then would Sherlock feel comfortable enough to say anything he felt out loud. But the temptation of knowing how Moriarty had survived was so great. He knew that he would go crazy if he had to live his life without knowing.
“Well?” John asked. His voice had gone very quiet.
Now Sherlock was using one of the machines to make sure that whatever was in there wouldn’t literally explode in their faces as soon as they opened it.
Quickly, John started walking back to find a main street, to get a cab. Confused, Sherlock followed. “Where are we going?” He asked.
“After Sherlock…jumped, did you hear anything else up here?” John said, trying to sound casual, but wondering if this could perhaps tell them how Moriarty could have lived.
“We should bring it inside.” Sherlock said. “I want to see what it is.”
“Thanks.” John said.
*****************************
“For killing Moriarty.” Lestrade said. “In fact, I think we might owe you one.”
Quickly, Sherlock said “No! I will find another way. He will have to do something again soon, you know how he was last time.”
“I’m not going to let that happen.” Sherlock said. “It’s not you he wants. He wants me, but he’s decided that the only way to get to me, is to threaten you.” He said, repeating Mycroft’s words from the day before.
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something, maybe to try to avoid the conversation, Sherlock himself wasn’t sure.
“Guess I best get this to the professionals.” Lestrade said, smiling now. “Man is Liverpool going to be upset when they hear that Scotland Yard found their precious pearl. This thing could be worth millions.”
“Sherlock.” John said, this time pleading him to look at him.
“What do I do then?” Sherlock asked.
“This is terrible.” John said, as Sherlock started to remove the other sides of the package.
He thought back to sitting in his chair earlier, and what he had spoken out loud. He had almost forgotten it had happened. Almost forgotten that those words had actually left his mouth. Even if John hadn’t been awake to hear it. Then he remembered John saying “we do this one together” back at Barts. And he found himself wondering if John had things he had trouble saying out loud too.
At almost exactly the same time, two gun shots went off. This was then followed by the sound of one standing body hitting the floor, and then another body following.
Ciarda hung her head. “He told me to give you both a reading, out of different types of cards that he provided. I never saw him though. Only heard his voice.”
The next week John had moved back into 221B Baker Street, with little Rosie in tow. John and Rosie were both sleeping in John’s room at the moment, but anyone who visited the flat had a feeling that it was temporary arrangement.
“No, back at the house. Did he say something to you after you had gotten shot?” Mycroft asked.
“How would this separate us?” John said, looking at Sherlock, who was not looking back.
Both John and Sherlock slept later than they had intended, not waking up till the sun was fully in the sky, and room service was knocking at the door.
*************************
John also looked around. “Yeah, I guess we did. I suppose we weren’t really paying attention at this point.”
John nodded, and then looked back down at the package.
“I know what I did!” John said loudly. “Now call Mycroft.”
John raised his hand halfway to them, then the driver rolled down his window, and pointed a shot gun at John’s chest. “Go.” He said gruffly.
Not long later Sherlock had returned to Baker Street.
“Not really. Except that it was much easier to open. Of course that oyster there didn’t make this pearl though, so that makes sense.” She said.
Nice! Chapter 6! I'm thinking of aiming for 10 chapters right now, maybe more if I feel like it needs it. Again, if you have suggestions or ideas for what should happen in this fic, in either the next chapter, or far in the future, leave a comment and I'll decide if I want to do some fun wish fulfillment, or do just the opposite. Also, I don't know if I've addressed this or not, but there will be no smut in this fanfiction. Just fluffy cute moments at SOME point. So I don't know if that makes you want to stop reading this, or makes you more excited, but that's what I'm doing.
Sherlock held the gun that Lestrade had given him, and pointed it at Moriarty. “I can’t say I would enjoy that.” He said.
“Thank you for being more than that.”
“Agggg!” Sherlock yelled out of frustration, not pain. Moriarty had gotten the better of him this time. This was the final, final problem.
Mrs. Hudson let out a little huff of not being surprised, and went back downstairs to tend to some cleaning matter.
“For Sherlock, you have the upside down chariot, which means lack of control. You have the upside down magician, which means manipulation, and poor planning. You also have the upside fool, which means naivety and foolishness. Also the upside down wheel of fortune, which means out of control, and finally the right side up lovers, which means love, union, and relationships.” Ciarda said reciting each of them like she had done a million times over.
Sherlock waited for John to say something, to say anything.
The officers started to clean up the area, and John and Sherlock stepped aside.
“Sorry about that. We kind of got carried away.” John tried to explain as Sherlock pushed past her.
*****************************
They weren’t able to rule out that it could be some sort of bloody bomb, so John refused to take any sort of public transit. Instead, they walked the entire way. Mostly they had gotten strange looks, with the blood continuously seeping out of the brown package, but one police officer had stopped to question them.
John pushed forward and looked down at it. “The oysters from the bar code?” He asked.
Sherlock’s eyes flew open. “Did you miss me.” he said quickly.
“Oh, but you won’t shoot me.” Moriarty said.
Thank you again.
John looked up at him. “Eat something.” He said, not a suggestion. “There’s toast in the kitchen.”
“When we first met I wasn’t such a great person. You know that. But as you taught me to be more and more human…I think that I really started to actually understand what I was feeling.”
“What are these supposed to mean?” John asked, as he finished pinning the last one to the wall. The eyes of the yellow smiley face were poking above them.
“No it’s not. His is my fault. I shouldn’t have come back.” Said the consulting detective. John couldn’t tell if Sherlock was crying or if it was his own eyes fogging up. All this time the clock was counting down, to the final second. They still hadn’t let go of each others hand.
“I.Just.can’t.do.it.” Sherlock’s voice was strained. They had tried phoning Lestrade, but when Sherlock picked up his phone a text from a blocked number came in saying “whoever you call or text dies.”
“What?” John asked, concerned that someone in Moriarty’s system had leaked what had happened with Mary.
******************************
As the meaning of each card was reviled a different facial expression had crossed John and Sherlock’s face. Both knew that these cards meant nothing to them objectively, but in the atmosphere, they couldn’t help but find meaning that applied to them in each of the cards.
John shut his eyes again, and pressed his hands to his face.
John was very surprised to hear this.
Moving quickly back down the stairs, holding his bloody hand, opened the door to the living room and saw a quite unexpected sight.
If anyone noticed and/or was upset that I missed a week of updating this I apologize. I was sick all last week, and had family visiting, so was a tiny bit busy. Then it took awhile to get back into the swing of whatever the heck I'm writing. Anyway, enjoy chapter 5! If anyone has any suggestions as to something you want to happen in this story feel free to leave a comment, and I'll either do some wish-fulfillment, or do the exact opposite.
Mrs. Hudson came running up the stairs, and burst into the living room, where at the sight and sound of her, Sherlock quickly stood up, and held Rosie protectively. John was also quick to his feet, eyes still a bit red, and looked around to make sure everything was alright.
Ciarda flinched before quickly saying “I don’t know who you’re talking about.”
John clenched up at the thought of what Moriarty might take from them hear. Sherlock must have thought the same thing, because when he replied it was strained. “And what would that be?”
Even after the events on the tarmac—a hand shake that was not nearly close to a proper finish to what they had shared—there were other times he had come close. After his near-fatal overdose he knew, if was somewhat ignoring it that if he were to fail, or fall, John would be there for him.
Sherlock was the first awake, but didn’t move at all, after realizing that both Rosie, and now John were now sleeping against him. The room was silent, except for their breathing. His mind felt oddly still. There weren’t the million distracting thoughts running through his head like normal. He felt present in his body, in his mind, and in the moment, which was something that hadn’t happened to him for a long time.
“Okay.” The nurse said. “But there’s a lot of people out here to see you, so I’m just going to let them in one at a time.”  The nurse then left.
Sherlock rethought the items. If they were all connected. Perfume, lipstick, and contacts. Maybe he was hiding himself as some lady. A jellyfish stuffed animal, could be disguising himself as a mother. The only other thing that didn’t fit into this solution was the oysters.
John stood up, sat Rosie in Sherlock’s lap, and then left the room. Sherlock heard him moving up the stairs to his and Rosie’s room, a moment of silence, then the crashing of many different items against a wall.
John moved to one of the windows, and pulled the curtain aside. He could see that some of the ‘officers’ had turned their guns on Sherlock, Lestrade, and some of the more confused looking officers. John’s hands clenched.
And so it ends. Thank you to everyone who read, liked and commented on this story while I was updating. Thank you to anyone who might have read this after it's finished. Writing this over the past 2 months has really been incredible. Sometimes I would get stuck, and not know where to take the story. But I always knew how it would end. With Sherlock and John in Baker Street, together, where they belong.
Once the shooting ceased someone called that the coast was clear, and they started moving towards the house. But then there was a voice from within the cab.
Sherlock automatically was trying to decode the message. John moved the laptop his way again, and clicked back to the main page, and then to the article below the newest. This one was titled “You Can’t Hide.” And the same random arrangement of numbers filled the page. Looking back at the titles of all the recent blog posts, John’s heart started to beat a little bit faster and faster. “I Know You Did It.” “I’ll Tell Everyone” “Wrong Wrong Wrong” and “You Thought You Were Safe.” These names kept going until John reached the last real blog post, “The Sign of Three” which Sherlock had jokingly written after his wedding.
He singled for the officers to move back. He knew John was in there, he knew Sherlock was in there. And he wasn’t going to be responsible for two of his closest friend’s deaths, even if it meant taking out London’s greatest threat.
Then he heard speaking, the sound of John’s voice. He couldn’t quite make out the words though. He moved along the walls to that direction. He paused when he heard Moriarty’s voice. It had been awhile, and it felt strange to hear the words of someone he had considered dead. Someone he wished had truly died.
It didn’t take long for them to find the rooms they had been in so long ago. The checked under tables, and under chairs. Rummaged through drawers, neither quite sure what exactly they were hoping to find.
John processed this information, brain still foggy from the pain killers. He thought about what Lestrade had just said, about Sherlock being next to him after he had been shot. John’s memory started to come back. He could remember not being able to see. And someone’s, presumably Sherlock’s, hand pressed to his wound.
Molly thought for a moment. “Did he tell you why he did it?”
“At the door!” Mrs. Hudson said, her breathing heavy.
John sighed. “So we just need to sit around here and do what? Wait for him to tell everyone in the world what I’ve done? So that I can be taken to jail or something?”
Sherlock looked around the room again. “We walked through here earlier, didn’t we?” He asked.
Now he looked directly at Rosie. “I am so sorry.” He said. “I never should have taken my eyes off of you. I never will again. I promise.”
Sherlock didn’t say anything.
“I know, I know.” Sherlock said. “And this time, we have to do it without Mycroft.”
************************
Sherlock nodded, it was a good point. But what he was most interested in was that John had decided to call Rosie his daughter. That was good for all of them.
Sherlock reluctantly agreed.
John had been prodding Sherlock for answers on the quick walk back to 221B Baker Street, but Sherlock had not replied. It was only when they entered the flat, and Sherlock sat in his chair, hands holding his head, that he showed any sign that he had heard John.
John shut the door behind him as Sherlock replied; “Yes, you’ve been expecting me ever since I told my name to your little guard out there, and heard me through the microphone in his chest pocket. From there it would be only logical to assume that the other person with me is Dr. Watson.”
“She’s the sniper. In the pool where we first meet Moriarty, and then on Bart’s she would have been the one who was aiming at you.” Sherlock said.
“Is waiting outside. Completely safe.” Mrs. Hudson finished.
“What happened?” John asked, his throat dry, and voice scratchy.
“The meaning of these types of cards varies widely depending on which direction they are drawn. Only during a reading will you be able to find out what these cards are supposed to mean for you.” She said, stepping back into her false accent.
“No. Thank you.” John said. “Thank you for coming back. Thank you for coming into my life. Thank you for asking ‘Afghanistan or Iraq.” He said, referring to the first time they met. Sherlock smiled a little.
“Your daughter?” Moriarty asked with a smile. “I think we both know she’s not your daughter.”
“Because you want to know how I survived.”
Sherlock smiled, only a little, then shut the eyes of the women.
About a week later John was allowed to return home. He hadn’t spoken to Sherlock since his first day of being conscious again.
He opened his mouth again, and to the open air in front of him, whispered “I love you.”
“More likely we find different stalls that sell these items that are located close together, and then find out what they have in common, or what lies between them.” Sherlock replied.
“You think Mycroft told him?” Sherlock said, lowering his hands which had been holding up his chin.
John and Sherlock locked eyes, and Sherlock knew that John was wondering about Rosie. He briefly nodded his head. John’s eyes shut in relief, before opening again.
“What could I possibly have that you would want?” John questioned.
***********************
(See the end of the chapter for
He set Rosie down in a pack-and-play and went up to the room to see what he would be able to use. Rosie’s crib was still fine, but all the blankets and pillows on his bed either were torn, or had his blood on it. He moved the crib downstairs, and set Rosie in it, giving her a stuffed animal and blanket.
She nodded.
“You realize that everything we’ve worked on in the past two months is in complete danger now? John is in danger.” Sherlock said, leaning his hands on the table. John was standing behind him, arms crossed, but a small look of surprise darted across his face.
Sherlock’s mouth opened a little in surprise at this. “Moriarty is dead, you don’t have to be afraid” He tried saying before getting interrupted again.
Ciarda wore loose fitted clothing, which made her appear larger than her actual frail body. Her hair was knotted and braided in different parts, and she wore heavy eye makeup and lipstick. She looked almost like a cartoon character, John thought.
“You are not Rosie’s father.”
John was about to step in the back of the long line, but Sherlock grabbed his arm’s coat and pulled him to the front door. There was a man waiting outside, almost like a bouncer, to take people’s money to let them in.
Sherlock nodded, reluctantly, but John knew that he had agreed with him.
John recognized it, and stood up from where he had been sitting and walked over to Sherlock, cringing slightly again at the sight of the severed head. “So why would Moriarty send us..this.” He asked.
Finally they cooled off. John had went out to the street, and brought back some food to the hotel room. Sherlock was laid across one of the two beds in the room, scanning websites for anything that could be of help.
John processed this information. He had always been hurt that Sherlock would leave him alone, thinking he was dead for three years, simply to go off and hunt Moriarty’s network. He thought it might be hurting him more knowing the real truth. But then he thought about something else Molly had said.
Lestrade stared at it. The pearl might not have been impressive to someone who had no idea what it was, but to anyone who knew about the legend of the pearl of Borgias would have had the same reaction. Despite the fact that it was a black pearl, the color of it was almost gray, and it shined, even in the limited light provided in the room. John took it out of the officer’s hand, and was surprised at how large it actually was.
John shrugged. Sherlock moved back to the entrance where they had first entered the market, and then walked along the path they first took. John followed. Suddenly, Sherlock stopped, and looked down at the ground.
Rosie.
The burning tower, was of course the Tower.  The one of the devil eating the knight was the Devil, the one of the dragon turning into the devil was the Magician, and the one of just the knight and dragon was the Fool. The mermaid was the Hermit. The puppets dangling on the string was the Wheel of Fortune. The one with the blonde lady by the pool was shown as the Hanged Man and the one with the women looking out the window was Death. The two crowns was the Lovers.
The market was fairly large, so it took a while to cover much ground. As the day went on the crowds started getting larger and larger, a mix of locals coming to do their shopping, and tourists wanting to see all the different colors of the stalls.
“You don’t suppose…no, never mind.” John said.
John stood there, feeling useless as always, Sherlock was trying to use his mind palace but seemed unable to concentrate.
“How you doing, mate?” Lestrade asked, sitting in the chair next to him.
Sherlock nodded and left.
“We’re going to have to do it ourselves. If we tell anyone, he’ll know, just like he knows everything else. He has her.” John said, decided.
“No.” Sherlock said. “Do you know her?”
Sometimes saying what is on your mind is tougher then accepting death, Sherlock thought in those last few moments.
“What do you mean blow it?” Lestrade asked.
John interrupted him. “I love you Sherlock. I always have, even if I didn’t always show it, or know it myself, and I always will.”
John thought for a moment, before Sherlock could see on his face that he realized.
“As well as someone who was shot could be.” John said, and then realized that Lestrade was holding his side, and could see lots of gauze and bandages under his shirt. “What happened to you?” John asked.
“We need you to tell us what these mean.” Sherlock said, pulling the papers out of the inside of his jacket and setting them on the table in front of them.
“You’re not a believer. Then why are you here?” Ciarda asked. “Come, have a seat.” She added.
“When you saved her life.” John finished for him.
The two officers that had been helping with the oysters, Lestrade, John and Sherlock all stood up from where they had been standing.
Mycroft didn’t answer.
Several seconds later John replied, also quietly. “He can’t. There’s no way. We made sure of that.”
Rosie just tried out her new word again; “Daddy!”
“Yes. Obviously not all the streets of London are shown here, mostly just main ones. But, if you look here, they all seem to lead to this one spot.” Here, Sherlock pointed to where many of the lines converged, in the middle of the Tower card.
*******************
John had faced death more than once before, but none of them seemed more real, or surreal then it did now. It pained John, but it felt completely right at the same time. John glanced at time timers. 2 minutes now.
Sherlock was also thinking back to the events on the tarmac. His overdose. The bride. He proved that she was able to survive ‘blowing her own brains out.’ All she needed was help. Shaking his head back and forth for a moment, he wondered to himself how he could have thought that Moriarty had actually died, after going through all that. Of course he learned a lot of other things during that overdose, but his mind had proved that Moriarty could have survived.
“Oh, but wouldn’t you like to know whose daughter she is really?” Moriarty crooned.
Said Sherlock. “Even if you didn’t know it.
Cirada leant back “Only to let you analyze what the cards mean to you yourselves.” A quick pause, then another smile, this one disappointed looking. “And the price of the reading.”
“He had help.” Sherlock told John. “I was too distracted with other things to see it. No one ever found his body on the top of that roof. That’s why everyone thought I committed suicide.  If he had been found dead on that roof as well, even Scotland Yard would begin to realize that something was a bit weird.”
“So she’s been in on it since the start.” Sherlock said, wondering why he hadn’t thought about the envelope, and unexplained women’s handwriting. Maybe he had just assumed it had been the Women’s.
There was soft laughter from an area John had completely walked past on his way to the chair. He turned quickly to see Moriarty sitting at the desk.
The car kept driving, and driving, until they were no longer in London. At some point along the trip a parade of cop cars started following them. John knew of course that Sherlock had done that. He had gone against what they had decided; to not go to the police. He wondered what that meant for Rosie.
“This? Probably not.” Sherlock said quickly.
Sherlock thought back, to a time that seemed like several life time’s ago. “Yes.”
“Oh! Thank god you’re alright! You could have called me sooner!” She cried.
“Oysters, perfume, a stuffed animal, lipstick, and eye contacts.” Sherlock said.
“What it?” Sherlock said.
“When I say go.” Lestrade said, taking the safety off his gun. “Go!”
After dinner, John was about to head upstairs, Rosie propped on his waist, when he remembered. He had essentially torn up his and Rosie’s room to shreds earlier in the day. That had felt like ages ago. He could hardly remember it happening. Without looking at the bandage on his hand, he would have questioned if it really had happened.
“What does that mean?” John asked. Sherlock stop up, and John followed. They left the room, John following quicker than usual, leaving the physic to accept her next customer.
“Why? What’s wrong with yours?” Sherlock asked sitting in the chair across from Johns.
********************************
“That doesn’t matter.” Sherlock replied.
John nodded, and faced the one on the left. “I wonder how much it cost to replace the windows for the two buildings.”
He sunk down behind the car, looking at the wound. It hadn’t hit him full on in the chest, and he knew that this type of wound wouldn’t kill him. But the loss of blood might. With the hand that wasn’t applying pressure to the wound Lestrade reached for his walkie, and informed anyone that was listening of his location, and that some of the officers were no longer friendly. A voice replied saying that reinforcement was on their way.
“A little bit of toast isn’t going to hurt you. Eat it, or I won’t come with you today.”
Sherlock had been getting ready for bed as well, when he too remembered what had happened earlier. After he was done in the bathroom, he went back out to the living room, to see what he could do to help, but John had already fallen asleep on the couch, with not blankets on.
A minute or so later the door opened. John had been expecting to see Sherlock, but instead was greeted by Mrs. Hudson, and his daughter.
“It’s all organic matter.” Sherlock said as soon as the machine had finished.
When the battery on Sherlock’s phone died he threw it aside, and stood up, shaking his hair with his hands.
“Oh, it’s too terrible.” Mrs. Hudson said, moving into the room and taking Rosie from Sherlock’s arms as both men started to move out of the room.
“It can wait.” John said.
He checked all the floors on Bart’s, finally making it up to the roof top. There wasn’t a strong wind, but it felt like it was trying to push him off the edge. When he wasn’t able to find anything out of the ordinary, he moved to the side of the building that Sherlock had jumped from, all those years ago. He stood on the roof, not daring to get any closer. But he could see where he had been standing. The scene played in his mind clearly, but this time he was seeing it through Sherlock’s perspective.
He walked back to his bed room, and then realized that he had taken the blankets off his bed for John. He moved back to the living room, and slowly laid on the floor next to the couch, pulling down one of the blankets so half of it would cover him. His last thought before he fell asleep was that he hoped he would wake up first, so he wouldn’t have to explain this.
Finally the worker stood up and announced that the concrete was removed, and it was safe to get whatever had been placed there.
John sat across from Sherlock bouncing Rosie, who was very content, on his knee. “I’m sorry Mrs. H.” He said “I’ll try to let you know next time we need to go out.”
“We don’t know how long that’s been like that.” Sherlock said, frustrated.
Mrs. Hudson started to protest, but gave the cell phone in her pocket to him. Sherlock took off down the street in which the cab had gone. As he walked he dialed Lestrade, and told him the number of the cab that needed to be tracked. “Get officers to wherever it stops.” Sherlock demanded.
“It’s not going to happen.” John said defensively.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You know I didn’t decide that.” John said in his quiet, but emotional tone.
Sherlock looked up from where he hand been holding his head in-between his knees as he heard the footsteps of Mycroft enter the waiting room.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “Well you did just kill the man I’ve been trying to get rid of for more than a decade now.”
Dammit. John’s smirking at him. He never should have admitted to him in a moment of inexcusable weakness, midway through a fourth tumblr of hot, crackling whiskey, that on those rare times when Sherlock absolutely
Sherlock’s hand reaches down below John’s cock to grab roughly at his balls, rolling them in the water between his fingers while the tip of one finger strokes lightly over John’s perineum, sending a burst tight, crackling heat up through to the tip of John’s aching cock.
John trembled on his back on the other side of a dirt mound and felt the earth shaking beneath him under the force of the bullets and the fire and the bombs. Hot and steaming water poured down onto his face, into his eyes. Dirt clods ricocheted off his metal helmet and hellfire rained down above him, pounding down into the earth and sending up towers of fire into the smoking sky. There wasn’t enough time to ask for orders. Wasn’t enough time to be scared.
“You ever thought about trying to find her?” John asks.
Greg closes his eyes as John joins the top ten in their lanes, the bibs on their backs glaring bright in the sun.
John sucked in a breath and stared speechless, hovering at the edges of the crowd. He felt like he’d entered a time machine – doomed to stand frozen like a statue while he viewed a scene from his past life in Los Angeles. Stood there gaping until someone came up and handed him a lukewarm beer, and another laughed and said
“Go on, then,” Sherlock says, pushing John gently forward by the back.
Sherlock pauses for a long moment, and Greg watches his jaw work. Then Sherlock sighs, rubbing a hand over his face. He sounds deflated. “I know. I know it would have to be a miracle. The numbers aren’t right.”
“So which one’s your son? When’s he up?” She grins conspiratorially. “We gotta know so we can cheer extra for him!”
Interviewer: "How was it interesting?
ago.”
-This chapter would not have been possible without happierstill and alexaprilgarden, who both answered my frantic "how the hell do I write this" texts at all hours of the day and night and gave me absolutely invaluable advice. They also deserve a Gospel choir.
and shoot a gun
And that’s when Sherlock realizes that he is the world’s biggest idiot. Because his eyes suddenly focus, and the hazy fog of indignant hurt clears from his mind in the salty breeze, and he sees that John Watson is not, in fact, lounging back on his hand and laughing like it’s the only way he knows how to breathe. Instead John’s entire body is tense, the smile on his lips is stale and fixed, and the hand pressing back into the warm sand is slowly, ever so slowly, pushing him up to stand.
Well, here we are! The end! This is definitely my most Hallmark-y ending for a fic, but after years spent with these characters, I want to believe that they can be out as gay and poly, and that John can fly again, and that Greg can keep coaching Sherlock on to more golds, and that they can be happy ever after. Is it realistic? Eh. But as a queer man I want to believe in this future.
The nurse now doesn’t even blink when John takes off his shirt, mostly one-handed after a night of sleeping weird on his weaker arm. The nurse puts his warm hands immediately back on John’s chest to correct his posture for the test, and there’s a brief accidental stroke across the rings through his nipples—one which makes the nurse blink and quickly breathe out a professional, “Sorry.”
“I’m feeling prepared,” Sherlock says, sitting up straight. “Taking advantage of the practice runs. Getting my head in the game.”
And still, interviewer calls back over his shoulder, fruitlessly hefting his mic up into the air and waving it towards the gate. “And for Watson? Any last message for John Watson before you make your final run at your illusive Olympic Gold?”
And all three times after we made it back, I’d put her in bed. And I’d find in my trouser pocket a precious little seashell, hidden and waiting for me to find as a surprise.
I rise to my feet on shaky legs, and take off my hat to hold it against my chest like I’m steppin’ inside to church. Through the slip in the tent door I can see a sliver of his bare chest rising and falling, slowly, then faster. It looks nothing like any of the skin on little Alma.
I ask, even though I desperately don’t want to know the answer. “How old?”
I nearly gasp. His eyes are opals, framed by long, black lashes and glittering in the creamy moonlight. His eyes widen briefly in something like surprise, and the air between us crackles, pulling out heat from my veins. I open my mouth to say more, to say something. My breath stutters. Caught. But before I can breathe he’s turning around and marching back down the alleyway, suspect in tow and black coat swirling out behind him like a cloud. Head held effortlessly high.
John’s due to be out on the course in five minutes to receive his official time-trials placement and begin warming up while he waits his turn. Then he will ski three laps of the course and shoot five targets in three shooting rounds. Then his skis will cross the finish line, and he will receive an official time all in good, predictable order.
, right next to a gear bag filled to bursting with his own guns and skis.
I can’t talk, but he reads the thoughts on my face effortlessly. As if he’s had decades of practice.
“Yeah, well – figured you’d have nothing to do today if you didn’t have me yelling at you for something, so I thought I’d save Los Angeles from the carnage you’d wreak on it if you were bored.”
“We flew all the way over here from Wisconsin, dontcha know. Park Falls. Little town—only got 2,000 people. And took us three flights to get here! My Ronnie here has never even left the country before. And here we are now—Korea!”
“Well, what’s your grand plan to fix it all, then?”
“John,” he says. There’s a war raging in his eyes, drenched in a quiet pain that I’d give anything to know the reason behind. He touches my arm and looks back in my eyes.
“I, uh . . . my mind was fully on the course, you know? Meditative, I guess.”
Greg lowers his hands, zips both the giant Team France and Team Great Britain gear bags covering half the floor and pushes himself to his feet, wincing at the sudden sharp twang in his knee. Sherlock notices, he knows, but doesn’t say anything. They don’t have time for that argument again today, either.
Birthing twins naturally is no walk in the park. It was a surprisingly uncomplicated birth, even they remarked they were surprised, but still. He was in so much pain. Each time I offered, I could see him take a moment to think it over. We knew that Mycroft could have a car here in about 30 seconds, and Mrs. Hudson downstairs was practically scratching on our front door to be let in and help somehow, because hearing Sherlock’s cries from downstairs had to be heartbreaking. We knew that being in hospital wouldn’t make the birth any less special. Rationally we knew that.
My lungs burn with holding my breath. I’m terrified to move. To exhale. Terrified I’ll blow this all away into smoke. That I’ll wake up back in the fluorescent lights of the Home and realize that this was all a dream Visit – not real. That I’m still weak and hurting and surrounded by concerned and frightened faces on the floor instead of standing on the shore with a beautiful man’s lips on mine, being kissed in a way I’ve never been before in my life.
“Don’t. Please.”
John’s lips shake over the words that haven’t rolled across his tongue in years.
He takes Greg’s oil-slick hands in his. Presses the palms to his dry lips in a kiss.
“Similar response.”
“I’ve turned your medications up for the pain in your leg. I’ll come back for you in the morning,” she says. She squeezes my arm. “Twelve hours.”
“Of course I bloody know you don’t need anyone’s help. I’m not
Alone in the shadows of the farthest corner, no intern fussing over his mic, or makeup artists trying to powder the sheen from his face. No producers thanking him for coming. His Gold medal, instead of draped around his neck, is clutched in his hand and half-stuffed into his pocket. And Sherlock realizes, with devastating clarity, that he’s been a fool.
Greg had said pretty much the same thing the first time John ever joined him to watch Sherlock ski a full Super-G course together, just a handful of days after being reunited in the trees. “
to see me.” His eyes are burning wet, and I can’t force myself to look away. His voice breaks. “You held my hand!” he finishes. Then he waits.
Sherlock calls his name when he’s ten steps away, and John risks a glance over his shoulder, eyebrows raised.
I can feel Sherlock tense up next to me. Alma’s eyes are wide with fear, lookin’ at him like he’s the devil come walking into her kitchen, all his black magic in tow. He’s scrambling for what to say back when Alma Jr. laughs from the girls’ room.
John’s jaw clenches. “Wrong answer. Try again.”
Interviewer: “And is that common? To have to use that procedure?”
“So same time tomorrow?” Scotty replies, still standing by his board in the sand.
Greg internally rolls his eyes, even as a hot wave of emotion rolls down his throat.
“Dreamt of you . . .”
Watson: “Your CPR would kill me quicker than anything else.”
John’s voice, breathless and raspy and slow.
There’s no accusation there, but Sherlock still feels guilt punch through him. “I love you. More than anything. And yet, not more than anything.”
I pull back just to be able to speak. “It’s alright, Sherlock,” I whisper. His hands are shaking on my cheeks. Holding on tight. I gently run my palm down his muscular arm, resting in the crook of his elbow. “It’s alright.”
He looks frantic. “Then Stay!”
John nods, and still they don’t move apart. He can’t look away from Scotty’s eyes, the two little droplets of ocean that had made him want to suck in some oxygen and live. Finally Scotty slowly moves his hand toward John, hesitating in the air. John holds his breath, lips dry, as Scotty gently places his hand at the top of John’s forearm, gripping his skin beneath his elbow in a warm touch. John’s legs feel like water.
I barely know him. I know nothing at all. Just a name and a face and the shape of his hipbones as they vibrate on top of a motorbike, warm and firm under my palms. Just the taste of his breath and the glint in his eyes and the way his voice sounds when he’s calling my name into an empty, fog drenched square, like he’s terrified that I won’t appear alive out of the mist.
Enjoy the final chapter :)
. One answer to one question, at least.
Sleeping like this, he looks like he did that first summer we ever shared. And there was one winter over those long years we spent apart, one Christmas, when we shared a cabin your granddaddy borrowed from a ranch hand. We slept in a real bed instead of a tent. He looks now like he did that night.
And then she will always know. Will hear it and understand.
for fuck’s sake, and now this journalist with an ankle-length knit scarf is leaving him tongue-tied and meek, embarrassing himself in an interview which Sherlock will most certainly find and watch later tonight.
I can feel the sadness.
Finally he says what he thinks he meant to say all along, lips parted just barely around the words. “I didn’t know that was ok.”
I don’t know how to tell him that he’s not in my hair at all. He don’t really sound like he means it anyways. I tell him one last time that he’ll freeze outside the tent before stepping inside and zipping it up, shoving my body down under the sleeping bag and shuddering my bones as hard as I can to try and make some heat. I’m asleep before I can finish trying to picture Scott ridin’ a bull for the perfect eight seconds.
Instead he says, “What was her name?”
“You came,” Sherlock says. He prides himself that his voice doesn’t come out breathless and giddy.
it; he himself has absolutely no idea who James Sholto is. Has never even heard John say the name. It makes him feel like an aging, out of touch loner trying to figure out the who’s who, lost and in over his head as the world around him continues to surge forward, completely unphased.
I walk silently towards him in the sand, closing the distance, heart thumping madly in my chest. When I’m ten feet behind him I can smell him in the air. I take a deep breath and call his name.
Interviewer, sly but understanding: “It could have been anyone. Even you.”
John’s mouth goes dry. He’s afraid to turn his head and look. He can practically feel his own name about to come out of Rick Jordan’s lip-glossed lips. “
John tries to suck in enough oxygen to breathe. Sherlock looks up at him with pale, half-lidded eyes and pins him with his gaze, tongue curling under a fat drip of precome and sucking it into his mouth.
Received:
I reach over with steady fingers and lift his fragile hand in mine. His fingers are like ice. Completely dead weight in my palm. “Can you feel anything?” I ask.
I continue to be amazed by the warmth you all show this story. Your comments are adored. All my thanks.
, he hates it. He turns to Sherlock instead.
“Lahela always used to tell me
” Sherlock had said, his voice aimed at his feet.
Si confiant, si courageux : so confident, so brave.
Sherlock rolls his eyes and huffs at the ceiling. “Well fine, I’ll just have to look like I literally just had sex in all your memories of today then.”
” he’d murmured, slow and hot and curling through Sherlock’s ever-tense bones, melting the hard rod of his sternum, freeing his lungs so they could breathe for the first time since February 9th.
The airhorn startles him, just like it always does. John holds back his flinch and runs forward into the waves, throwing down his board into the shallows once he’s waist-deep and leaping on top of the solid, familiar wood. His heart races in his chest, pumping the blood through his body so harshly he can feel it pulsating through the tips of each of his fingers.
Greg starts whispering words into John’s chest and shoulder and hair which Sherlock knows John doesn’t really understand, can’t fully put together. Sherlock hunkers down, curled up tightly in the sheets, as Greg plants his hand against the headboard, thrusting their cocks together into his other wet palm, shaking, moaning softly into John’s body with his perfect John-moan, and it makes Sherlock’s ribs want to crack open and expand so he can suck the two of them right inside his own body, hold their sweat and their gasps and their hot tongues inside his own skin.
A voice calls out to me from miles away, down at the other end of a long, dark tunnel.
In his mind Sherlock sees the man he’d seen that day on the docks, angry and embarrassed, reaching out to snatch back the bullet and shove it into his pocket and looking like a corpse walking around in broad daylight. The idea that had been slowly brewing in the back of Sherlock’s mind since the second John had held him the day before and said
“My family’s talking of going out to dinner, since I’m not racing tomorrow, but you all—”
My eternal gratitude, as usual, to my beta bakerstmel and my translator P. They are very freaking helpful and also very freaking fast. All remaining atrocities committed against either language are my own.
My heart hammers. I barely remember to wave as they’re driving away. My chair starts to roll back – someone’s moving me inside. The sound of her words – her smooth voice saying that name – hovers around me like warmth in the air. It’s the first time I’ve heard anyone say that name in decades. I wait for myself to feel gripped with pain, but instead I only feel calm, like I’m floating.
He smiles. “I’m here with my family. The people I love. This Gold is for them.”
He hums beside me. “Can’t they cure that these days?”
“You never called me,” Sherlock says, hating that he sounds like a whining, teary-eyed child. “John never called me.”
The next night when he comes back to camp is when I hear the news.
Holmes snickers. The interviewer gasps, then holds up the photo for the camera to see. We focus sharply on the image.
“Curious sons of bitches can’t pass up the opportunity to watch someone maybe get crushed,” another says, smirking.
Scotty hums.
Watson’s voice, roughly: “And I . . . Christ, I love him. I just want everyone to see that. To know – to know that he’s loved. I want them to finally know.”
Cut to the helicopter as Greg flies them effortlessly through the pass. The skies are clear, the mountain calls, and the patient awaits.
“They all say that spotlight of his was
“Captain,” Sherlock whines, to a snort of laughter from Greg. “Show me, Captain. Show me what you would do to the terrible interviewer. To all the mean people.”
John’s blue, blue eyes from the first few seconds of his Paralympics spotlight from the BBC.
Watson fiddles with a strip of gauze in his hand, twirling it aimlessly around his fingers. His beard is longer than we’ve ever seen it, and there are circles under his eyes.
“I’m standing right here, John. I can hear.”
“Sherlock Holmes, any guesses at how John Watson will greet you after your run?”
-I am suspending a lot of disbelief for this fic, in terms of how the Winter Olympics is structured, how the Super-G and Biathlon events are organized, and many more aspects you'll see later on. It's all in the name of the story, and in the name of fun! What is in here has been researched as best as I can, and I'll try to point out where I'm knowingly changing something or making an error. At the end of the day, though, I'm not an Olympic skier, or even a skier, so there's a lot I don't know. Be forgiving! <3
Scotty’s mouth twitches as he takes John’s hand, his fingers long and warm. “As do you,” he replies.
His are wet.
Received:
I don’t know what to say. I’m so angry at him I want to clamp my hand over his mouth and suck his words back out of the air as if they never happened. The earth feels deadly silent, holding its breath waitin’ for me to answer.
Greg, slapping Watson’s knee: “Aw, Watson, you just don’t want to admit you prefer a Frenchman and a Swiss over your own countryman –"
“You were brave,” he says again.
Sherlock smirks.
Greg laughs. "You see now, that is not your fault. It is because I don't ever think I have said anyone is
Sherlock’s heart hammers in his chest. John’s regretting it. It was too much. Sherlock pressured him, told him to touch it, made him take off his clothes and lie down with him in bed and put his mouth around another penis like a queer. He forces himself to speak.
“What kinda place is it we’re leavin’ for Wilma, John?” he asks.
It is absolutely reprehensible, bordering on unforgivable, that so far, out of nearly three-hundred texts and emails vying for his attention, he has not received one single piece of communication from either John Watson or Gregory Lestrade.
John hurls himself from bed and snatches up his alarm clock in a shaking hand. The dead battery light blinks back at him like a taunt.
John stands in front, chest bare, his arms coolly crossed. He’d been self-conscious about his piercings, even more than of his scars, almost to the point of taking them out, but the photographer had convinced him, and now the silver rings are barely noticeable compared to the two fresh tattoos draped across his chest and shoulders:
“Well if I’m so annoying why do you want to keep me around?”
“To write the code?” I ask.
Greg breaks through and runs like mad to reach the beginnings of the long final curve, where he can just see Kuznetsov’s skis coming into view. He stumbles once, nearly falling to his knees in the ice and slush. Sweat prickles across his skin.
Sherlock’s grin grows impossibly wider. “Of course. I would expect nothing less,” he pants back.
But Sherlock paddles out, Don on his heels. John tracks Sherlock’s soaked white t-shirt through the rises and falls of the battling swells, wheezing breath out through his mouth and trying not to sink to his knees in the sand. The crowd has moved closer to the shoreline. Two men – lifeguards, John hopes - stand ready with a thrown together first-aid kit. Nobody makes a sound.
And now that same body is physically pressing him down into the mattress with power and weight, groaning into his ear, clutching hard onto Greg’s shoulders and back as if Greg hasn’t grown softer over the last four years, as if he’s still just as strong as he was the last time he stepped down off a podium, or the first time John Watson ever lay down and had sex with him in a real bed. As if he’s worth being
He waits for Sherlock to butt in and say, “
“Holy shit! It’s John Watson!”
John’s eyes pool black, blown open wide, lips trembling. “How can you even . . .”
place tomorrow,” Sherlock says, his grip very firm.
Watson, trying to hold it back: “I thought . . . Christ, I thought –”
“Well?” Sherlock prompts, starting to frown.
inopportune moment, the way he inevitably seems to do.
He refuses to feel embarrassed for asking something so inane, so childish after everything Greg has just confessed. Deep down, he’s always known that these are the last words Greg ever expected to hear, and yet the most yearned for. Guilt burns in John’s chest at the fact that Greg’s heart has been chasing after something so simple and so small, with no promise of reward.
“Probably won’t be back ‘til morning,” I say. “Once we get to talkin’ and all.”
Hold him. Hold him. Hold him.
athletes in one house trying to leave on the same day.”
, and it’s so far removed from the fog-like apathy he’s had since first setting foot in the Village a week and a half ago that he feels he doesn’t even know why he went to California anymore. Why he first picked back up a pair of skis after that PT session. Why he’s sitting on this locker room bench.
Let it be known here to future-John Watson that Gregory Lestrade deserves every damn medal the police force, and the entire universe, can give him. Just, pile them on him in an avalanche of gold and ribbons and give him a snorkel so he can still breathe when they rise above the level of his head.
could have snuck away before you spotted me. But Greg here was torn and uncomfortable and froze like a statue. Also his knee is sore.”
And Sherlock is buried in warmth, surrounded by the familiar scent of Greg—shaving cream and too-black tea and those spearmint cough drops he always sucks on in the snow.
But twenty minutes later, when John had come out of the shower using his crutches with a towel wrapped around his hair, he’d asked Sherlock, very quietly, if he would help him with his leg.
John would shrink back. Let himself be subsumed into the nearest shadow where eyes couldn’t reach. He would touch the top of his back, as if scratching an itch, and he would catch his mind pleading, over and over again to the clear blue sky,
“Why the hell weren’t you asleep?” John adds.
Watson, quietly: “There is still Sherlock Holmes. . .”
“Group Captain,” he hears in a crisp, attentive voice, and then John’s eyes focus on the young man in uniform at the end of the table, standing at attention and
Sherlock shrugs. “Works for now.”
” Followed by such pure, shining happiness it had made Greg fall in love with him all over again.
The voice booms back, “Be out in five! Ceremony’s starting!”
He’s spent a good few hours trading stories and barbs with Walter and a few other soldiers over the last week, and the ease of it—being around other soldiers again, the way they can talk to each other, and read between the lines—it’s been like scratching an itch John has been quietly suffering for five years.
My hand rubs idly over the scarring on my chest, tight and numb across my thin ribs. My eyes droop shut without me wanting to. And I nod.
But Sherlock’s trousers are just a hair too short for his legs, and Greg has a spot of shaving cream left under his ear, and John knows that this is the right decision, the doubts in his mind quieting to a faint hum. He thinks of Greg’s face that night nearly a month ago in the hotel room, of Sherlock’s face in the moments after he won, and he knows.
Interviewer, whispering off-camera as we watch the calm dinner scene: “It just occurred to me he did not really answer my question - who is his favorite to work with?”
His voice is gentle, but John cringes all the same, face prickling and hot. Hard to forget how John had stopped in his tracks when he was halfway down the street after leaving Greg and Molly’s housewarming party early, hearing footsteps chasing after him. How he’d turned and seen Greg running towards him, face loose and happy from drinking, begging John with half-slurred words not to leave yet. Not to leave
,” he whispers. To his mild surprise, Sherlock silently obeys. Greg keeps his hand on his shoulder, his warmth bleeding through the lycra to Sherlock’s clammy skin. He’s trembling a bit, and his eyes don’t leave John’s back.
He’s like a different person the whole week, like all them long, hard years have shed off his body and left him young and new again. I try to remember the last time I was as happy and fresh as that. It must’ve been long before Harry drove me to that bus station.
He silently hands me a pair of handcuffs and I work them around the wrists pinned underneath me. The suspect is silent, body slowly relaxing beneath me as he resigns himself to being caught. I finally get him secure, then sit up to wipe my dirty palms on my pants. My fresh, young hands are steady.
Watson, clearly joking: “Just tired of dealing with you for six whole hours, is all.”
And now I adjust the sleeves on the fresh, clean suit, trying to ignore the way it hangs off my thin and sickly frame. I catch a small glimpse of myself. A ghost in the reflection of the gleaming white glass that surrounds Union Hospital like a shield.
“Little bear cub. Goddamn horse spooks so easily I thought we was gonna be bear food before the night was over.”
Sherlock looks torn apart. His curls are wild around his face, and his lips are kiss-swollen and pink – chest flushed and heaving with eyes locked on to John like he might never be able to look away. John glances down and sees that Sherlock’s erection is gone, lying soft now behind a wet stain on his boxers. The fact that Sherlock came just rutting into the bedsheets with John’s cock in his mouth should make him flood over with fresh arousal – want to crush this man to his body and feel the strength in his waist and run his hands up the muscled, inked lines of his back.
Before John can think of something else to say, Greg is already walking away, leaving John frantically pulling on his shirt and following him.
John swallows hard and nods, hating that he was so affected by a mere two fucking seconds of not knowing where Sherlock was. He feels young and helpless. “I know that. I know. I just thought –”
They share a look, and something tingles up the back of John’s neck. Something heavy and permanent. He clears his throat before the moment can turn too serious, needing to lose himself in a morning routine so he can pretend that Sherlock’s not about to go fling himself off the tops of the tallest waves on earth. John leans down to kiss Sherlock’s cheek and gives his other cheek a soft pat.
,” he mutters under his breath. “And also, you
Your granddaddy’s stirring now. He’ll want his coffee—thick and black and hot and first thing in the morning, just like always. I was the only person he ever trusted to make it right for him until you made him a cup when you was only nine. He said it was the best cup he ever had, and I think I’ll always resent you a bit for that, darlin.
John breathes out a weak laugh, then blinks up at the sky, his eyes nearly watering. His mouth forms the word so carefully, it’s like it’ll break apart between his teeth. As if the word itself could roll back down his throat and choke him, knocking him dead in the snow. Could strip him naked, sharp particles of deep red sand dragging across his skin.
“I feel the opposite,” John finally says back. “It seems like I first looked at you next to me at the start line five minutes ago, looking all cool with your aviators and shit.”
Suddenly John tenses beneath him. Sherlock pulls back to ask what’s wrong when John’s hands are gripping his shoulders and flipping him over onto his back, knocking the air from his lungs. John is on top of him, slotting his leg between Sherlock’s naked thighs and pressing his cock down hard into his hip, stomach to stomach and chest to chest. Nipples brushing over nipples. Sherlock tries to breathe as John devours his mouth, hands roving up his sides and gripping at his skin, reaching around under the small of his back and pulling him up closer into John’s body above him.
Holmes just shrugs, then takes another sip of tea.
the arguments most of the time.
“Here he is. Was wondering when you’d show up, you lazy ass.”
un petit con : a little shit
I’ve decided I won’t let myself feel foolish about any of this. An old, wheezing, limping man wearing a new suit for the first and last time. An old, wheezing, limping man walking to his wedding in a hospital ward.
“Do not try to shame me for what I have told you,” Greg cuts in, pushing off from the counter even though it makes his knee explode. He points at Sherlock’s chest. “You cannot . . . you heard what I have told you when you were lying there. You
you.”
I take a look up at him and gasp. He is illuminated. I never realized before how much his pain in the World still clung to him in Time. How it cloaked over him like an airless shadow, holding him back and dimming the force of his soul.
And as I reach
John feels an ache in his chest. Sherlock’s eyes hurt to look at. “How did you know what I was thinking?” he whispers.
Next time: THE FINAL CHAPTER! We check in with John and Sherlock in the epilogue. Would it help if I told you the epilogue takes place in the late summer of 1977? And would it also help if I reminded you that the fic so far has taken place in the late summer of 1976?  :)
, like that could ever bloody exist.”
I laugh quietly, despite myself. “That’s amazing.”
The seventh gate, and the crowd’s screaming grows louder. His time is still in the green. He’s skiing close to his personal best of the year, of the last four years. The eighth gate, and he takes an angle that not a single other skier has attempted, sharp and terrifying and slicing the course in half, destroying the ruts from the previous runs. He rounds the turn so quickly even the HD camera misses him, showing two seconds of empty snow.
John watches Greg jog back to his circle of friends in the sand, the warmth in the pit of his gut slowly fading with each step Greg takes away from him, then he keeps his head low and slinks through the crowds up towards the bluff by the pier so he can change in the shade of a palm tree trunk. He leaves the top half of his wetsuit hanging down around his waist beneath his t-shirt and ventures over to the packed boardwalk. His feet just lead him there. He has no idea why.
“I wish I knew how to quit you,” he whispers.
“The hell you’re Scotty Holmes!” John heaves in air and feels his legs shaking, cold and exposed in the breeze. “Don’t fucking lie to me like that.”
“No, I mean. The past two weeks. Since the ISF. I’ve missed you.”
He finds a spot in some shade at the base of a tree and sits to wait it out, trying to look as simultaneously intimidating and invisible as possible. He breathes in the sea air and tries to calm himself over the next couple hours watching the beach slowly come to life – as the surfers start warming up out in the waves, and the announcers start going over the day’s match-ups. He watches John stretch his left calf muscle over and over again. Keeps constantly searching for a golden blond head moving throughout the sea of tanned bodies and native Hawaiians, bobbing among the other surfers warming up in the massive swells. John looks tense. He can see it from a mile away. It takes all of Sherlock’s willpower to stay where he is, to just let John be. The best thing he could possibly do for him at a surfing event in Oahu is stay as far away from him as possible. The raw truth of that hurts somewhere deep and unfamiliar in his chest.
Sherlock grins wickedly, and John barely has time to react before Sherlock’s muscles tense beneath him and he’s flipping him over in one smooth motion onto his back, pinning John down into the mattress with a grunt. “Especially because it leaves burns on me,” he says.
Interviewer: “It is a maneuver that requires a lot of trust, does it not? Among the members of the team?”
Watson: “Christ, I’d die in an office. I’d go mad.”
Sherlock knows he will later spend hours combing through exactly which emotions he sees on John’s face in this moment. The beautiful haze from his orgasm, and the want still burning in his eyes, and the desperation and the fear and the love and the
No, no it wasn’t, he thinks, as he limps on sore thighs to his lone bag waiting unzipped on the farthest bench. Because John knows himself, met himself in the rawest way that night in the desert, and he knows that he’s still the same—has the same scarred shoulder and missing leg to physically prove it. And after all, if he really
And he smiles at me so wide and breathless that it takes over his entire face. We both laugh. “Oh, John,” he says, right before he crashes his mouth into mine in a desperate kiss, hard enough to smash my glasses up the bridge of my nose. I tug him closer – I don’t even care.
“Wait!”
“Do not tell to me things even you do not believe. Do not lie to me for my sake. Not now. Please.”
But I kiss both of his cheeks, and hold his face in my hands. Rest the whole weight of my body on top of him so he can feel.
John opens his mouth like he’s about to say something, then shuts it after a beat. Something passes quickly over his eyes, too quickly for Sherlock to fully catch. Embarrassment? Resignation? Hurt?
He tries to remember the last time Greg ever openly acknowledged that his knee was holding him back and can’t. It simply hasn’t happened. Greg has not missed a single practice in three years—not since the day he called to casually inform him that he’d had his knee cut open and screws drilled in. And now he’s gone and missed two full days’ worth and Sherlock had thought of nothing but his own silent phone.
I clear my throat and try to breathe. Nathan starts screamin’ over in the next room, and I pray to God Alma’ll go in there to quiet him down. She stays.
John might be cold. John might be gripping handfuls of snow, thinking it’s sand. John might be waiting for Sherlock to come, to hold him to his chest and get him warm, and Greg would be stranded in the sands, not knowing if he would be welcome, wanting to break the lens of every camera, and scream at the rest of the world to look away so they wouldn’t see—
She’d seen his leg, then. Who knows how long ago. And this whole time she’s been being nice. Purposefully
“What I meant to say, before,” John says. “The thing that’s insane. I’m standing here in Hawaii, and apparently I’m about to surf the fucking Banzai Pipeline, and I’ve got the Scotty Holmes saying he’ll help me not make a complete ass of myself. Eighteen-year-old me is pinching the shit out of his arm right about now. It’s unreal.”
The sky is cloudless and clear.
This will be everything. Every fragile, bursting soda pop fizz, trembling, warm and rumbling detail. And every cold and dark one, too. This is what will happen to us, my love and I – a little snapshot of each month as he tries to do this. As we try to do this.
Sherlock starts to hesitantly peer out the window, then shuts his eyes and hunches back down in his seat, his arms around his stomach, when they tilt to the left. John executes a wide turn, heading toward the landing pad waiting for them on the roof of the lodge.
“He’s in pain,” he says again, his voice sounding utterly torn apart and lost. And John can’t even get his throat to work to say anything back, to ask what Sherlock could possibly mean, or if they’re potentially thinking the same thing, before Sherlock sighs and kisses the center of Orion for a long, long time. Long enough that John’s eyes start to droop closed, and Sherlock’s soft lips against his back feel absolutely nothing like freezing sand.
Without thinking about it John moves his leg so that it brushes against Scotty’s and holds it there, feeling the warmth grow between their skin. He waits, heart pounding, as he feels Scotty’s body tense up next to his, the air in the car vibrating with tension. Then suddenly, with a long exhaled breath, Scotty pushes back warm and firm against John’s touch, and settles back into his seat. John unclenches his fists. The icy, frantic, vastness of the air between them suddenly vanishes, and John feels a weight lifted off his lungs at the change in the atmosphere. They sit together, gazing out over the gorgeous landscape, feeling the breeze rustle gently through the car’s open top and sides. John knows he doesn’t have to say anything more. His leg against his is enough.
John looks like he wants to press him for more, but then instead he smiles. “Stop thinking about it all so hard, Einstein.” He nods his head towards a far off swell, one that looks particularly large. “Here, drop in on that wave with me.”
Finally Sherlock tucks his arms around John’s waist still submerged underneath the water and rests his cheek on John’s shoulder, utterly still. John tries to slow his breathing, focusing on the rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest against his back, and the fizzling waves of release still gently pulsing out from between his legs through his muscles, and the gentle ripple of the water against his skin.
I would look. I would pull back her hair from her face.
Discordantwords created this absolutely gorgeous painting of Sherlock standing alone at Waimea before dawn, pining after John.
“Little darlin’,” he says to me, his voice low and open like the wonder you feel at the bottom of a vast mountain valley. My skin starts to itch that way it does whenever his eyes go all soft, muscles twitching to move out from his gaze. I steal his beer from his hand and down the rest of it in one long gulp, then tackle him unawares from the side ‘til we’re both wrestling breathless in the dirt, smiling with grit in our teeth until he lets me pin him down and ruck up his shirt so that I can feel his tight little nipples under my dry lips.
“Fuck . . .”
And then, before Sherlock’s very eyes, a decision passes over John’s face.
been furious with me . . .” Sherlock murmurs under his breath, so quietly Greg wonders whether John could even hear.
She half-heartedly holds out the mic, as if afraid Sherlock might bite off her hand. He leans down to speak into it. “Of course, I give my sincerest congratulations to my competitors, and apologize for stepping off the podium before I was told to do so.”
It churns in the moonlight beside us as we zoom down the seaside road, speeding towards the illuminated stretch of pier that I can just make out at the edges of the sand. Hintley still revs his engine behind us, gaining ground.
“Aguirre done wants us to move the sheep down in three days,” he says. He’s sitting across from me with the soles of his boots up against my thigh. “Storm comin’, apparently. A bad one.”
Two and a half hours later, John’s skis scoot, inch by inch, along the red line spray painted into the snow. And he tries to convince himself that any of this is real.
” he whispers, nearly lost in the roar of the crowd—the hissing wind, and the noisemakers, and the first time trial kicking off behind them.
Watson frowns, and the camera zooms in as he kneels to quickly shove extra medical supplies into his pack. He, too, replies in French: “It’s been warm today on that side of the peak. If it’s near Rothorn, then it’s probably a crevasse, no? Someone fallen in?”
And who is Rick Jordan to say that Sherlock Holmes can’t ski fast enough to medal? Has he even
“I . . . I’m so sorry,” John says weakly, but his voice still echoes. “I didn’t know he was going to—he didn’t mean—”
“Well, that is the whole point,” the stranger huffs. But it doesn’t quite work. His voice is shaken. He whips a handkerchief from his pocket, black silk like the rest of his clothes, and wipes it quickly across my forehead before I can protest. “You’ll feel an ache there when you’re back in the World,” he says low. His mouth is turned down at the corner.
“Thank you,” John whispers into his skin.
that had surged through his body, Greg’s hands around his hips, John’s fingers through his hair. Looking up to watch Greg tug at John’s nipple, flicking the ring. Sherlock’s own erection rutting against the sheets as John’s semen dribbled out of his mouth and down his chin, Greg’s balls slapping into his thighs . . .
He waited and waited for the bubblegum kiss to his salt-free forehead. Waited and slept and dreamed. Until he woke up in the morning to a blaring Bugs Bunny alarm clock and an empty trailer and no pale blue swimming shorts laid out on his bed. No frilly waitress cap hanging off the metal doorknob.
or maybe
Sherlock looks right through Greg. He takes two unsteady steps forward on his skis. “John,” he says, his voice odd and remote.
“I . . . I want to go back there,” he’d whispered, when Greg had been on the verge of falling asleep again.
Sonya leans forward, pinning him with her eyes as she flicks her hair over her shoulder. “Now Sherlock, don’t think we’ve forgotten about you while we chatted about John’s success all this time. And I must say, I’m still swooning a bit over that story of how you two met.”
four, five,
He was also typical Sherlock throughout the entire thing. Of course he had created a special spreadsheet in order to document the entire birth process, with an insane number of categories and parameters, and he relentlessly bugged me to fill it out, even when he could barely speak through the contractions. He also demanded I collect samples of every damn fluid that came out during the whole thing, so of course I did, with perfectly neat little labels at all.
Sherlock kisses his cheek. “Trust me, I’ll be the last one to stop you from doing that.” Kisses his mouth. “Right now, though.” Kisses him again. “God, you have no idea, John. You have no idea.”
: Greg is the center of that circle.
, and how could either of us ever forget that, eh?” Then he turns back to John, and John hates himself for the fact that Greg looks quietly, almost unbearably sad. “Did you not see our texts? We were trying to reach you all morning . . .”
But John does understand. He understands as he breathes, “Baby,” and presses his cheek to Greg’s neck, looking down at Greg’s palm moving up and down his metal leg, fingers caressing the joint. And there’s something stirring there, not physical so much as . . . memories, lost parts of himself that he thought he’d left in the sand, all stirring back to life in a way that isn’t at all erotic; his cock isn’t even close to growing hard, but it’s deeper than that. It’s in his very blood. His veins. His muscles which still remember Greg’s specific touch, his unique form of care.
I don’t hesitate. Don’t even blink. “Matt.”
In modern professional surfing, there are two circuits. I've adapted some modern competition standards to this fic purely for plot reasons and to heighten the drama.
“You’d fuck me, pump your thick cock into me, push inside of me and stretch me open around you –”
Gerold: “God, what idiots . . .”
Instead John takes a step closer to him, gesturing with his chin to the bags hefted around his strong, broad shoulders.
Greg holds up both hands, immediately silencing them both, and the sound of everyone’s harsh breathing echoes through the room. Greg’s chest aches for a moment when he remembers how just a few hours ago he’d been longing for that collective breathing, their mixed sighs, the power of everyone’s lungs in the warm, safe bed.
John rubs the back of his neck. “Guess I am, now that I’ve tricked everyone into thinking I know what the fuck I’m doing. You?”
Sherlock looks up at the sky and sighs. His eyes look wet, and he sounds exhausted. “John, it’s not some disease that’s got hold of your brain. Not gonna rot you from the insides.” He looks straight at me. “Look, all I’m sayin’ is, we could be happy. Ain’t no reason it can’t be like this. People divorce, people move to new places, people –“
Sparkling pleasure radiates out from the center point of Sherlock’s soft tongue gliding between John’s cheeks, leaving an icy trail in its path as his hands grip hard and squeeze. John frantically reaches up with one hand to press against the wall, pushing himself back against Sherlock’s tongue as Sherlock’s groans vibrate through skin. John can feel the bed gently rocking from where he knows Sherlock is grinding his own hips down into the mattress, getting himself off on the friction of the sheets against his cock as he breathes in deeply against John’s skin.
In a daze Sherlock tears his eyes away and wanders into the shower, leaving the light off. He stands under the warm spray and looks down at his own body, seeing the soft, pink marks from John’s fingers all over his skin.
for once in your fucking life.” He laughs weakly and raises a hand. “As if . . . as if you falling is somehow your fault. Like you aren’t allowed to try to . . . like you have to be perfect. Like you did it to hurt me.” He shakes his head in his hand. “God, all for a prelims run . . . I was ready to be fucking furious.”
Sherlock doesn’t answer.
I won’t look for the stranger tonight, I think. I’ll run and be free and eat ice cream and be alive. I’ll run through the city until the sun starts to rise and the air feels fresh in my lungs. Run through the thronging streets and across dance floors and under the streetlights and stars just to prove to myself that I can.
Walter swallows, his hands drumming awkwardly on the wheels of his chair. “So . . . these two celebrities . . . they will take you where you need to go? To meet him?”
“A couple chill beaches. Palm trees, water, sand, the whole package.”
Far off in the distance John can see the deep roll of a huge wave rushing steadily in to the breaking point. In his gut he knows this one is his. Behind him he can hear the sounds of Trent and Hamilton battling it out over the tighter barrels closer to shore, dropping one after another into the whitewater as the pipelines shoot them out too fast or close in over their heads. Almost six minutes have gone by in the round. John knows that everyone on the shore thinks he’s lost it. That he’s chickened out or lost his mind or caved under the pressure of going up against two surfers known for doing trick rides on smaller waves. Going up against two surfers actually known for something in the first place.
Pleasure rolls down Sherlock’s spine, rearranging his internal organs until they are perfect and right and aligned. A familiar rush of gratitude tugs faintly in Sherlock’s chest, and he dances his fingertips across John’s shivering thighs, unable to find any words except his own touch.
John runs a hand over the back of his neck, feeling odd and itchy in his skin. Sherlock snorts under his breath and shoots him a sidelong look, and John can tell that he’s irritatingly trying to suppress a fond grin.
Watson, under his breath: “God, I fucking told him to wait thirty fucking seconds so I could get dr—”
had only seen it once – years before she knew the truth.
The light from clear sky beams across the darkness through the open lighthouse door, illuminating his jaw and his lips and his arms. Illuminating the long, smooth lines of his throat – no scar to ever indicate that a tube used to be there. I look down at him, and he gazes up at me, and I catch the flicker of poorly hidden hope in his eyes.
“Came to get you,” he says.
“Tell me, John,” she says, and John tries not to flinch at the way the cameraman zooms in, the over-familiarity of her body language and voice, the roar of the crowd behind him as the first line-up of time trial competitors are announced. “How are you feeling this morning for your preliminary race? The time trials?”
“Sherlock,” I finally say. He turns to me slowly, dragging his feet in the sand and looking down.
He’s going to win for Greg, who hasn’t relaxed for one single second since they touched down in Korea. Who’s been amiably smiling for the interviews, and pushing Sherlock
“-try. He will try.”
Lights blind him, a cacophony of yelling voices, all aggressively vying for his perfect glance their way. Cameras flashes cloud his vision. The earth vibrates with the noise. He battles his way through the snow, trying to keep his head up against the rushing force of it all—the frenetic energy of the Olympics he had already completely forgotten during those quiet, fragile moments with Greg’s hand on his leg, Greg’s lips breathing his name.
Watson, rubbing his thigh with a thin smile: “Yeah, at least you’re not Holmes.”
. And at the bottom, in the trees . . . I tried to tell him how I felt. That I wanted him. That I liked—”
Sherlock sniffs hard in the dark, clenching his fists at his sides and barely resisting the urge to stomp his foot. “Well, you were the one who’d just had
that John was probably just caught in that scuffle—and he sees, distantly, that officials have pulled the initial skier from down the course, giving him a red flag for bodily contact—but the thought grows and grows in his mind like a thick, black, choking sky . . .
Sherlock finally steps back, shaking out his shoulders and hauling his bag of skis up with one arm. He reaches for the door after a last piercing glance at Greg. “Just wanted to remind you that you have something good in your life before we go out there and argue about the fifth gate angle for the rest of the day.”
j’ai oublié : I forgot
“We know that,” John says, glancing briefly at Sherlock, and Greg knows he’s thinking about their stolen minutes in the locker room, wondering whether Sherlock knows. “I wouldn’t have won without you. That’s what I was trying to tell Sherlock last night, so you wouldn’t get ignored. But then he went and—”
“Keep breathing, Dr. Watson, you’re alright. You’re safe.”
of it all . . . But he isn’t racing today. Won’t ever be racing again. So he picks at the sleeve of his coach’s jacket. Stares at the callus on John’s finger from holding his rifle.
” I’d once said to him. Now I can’t even imagine those words coming true. I’d rather go back to Amarillo and find a man with a tire iron and beg him to get me for real than live in a world where I had successfully quit John Watson.
Sherlock presses ‘play’ again on the Jeongseon run-through video, this time with the sound obnoxiously on. “I’ve no memory of that exchange. And making everyone else lose is a distinctly different directive than ‘run my arse into the ground.’”
“When’s her birthday?”
when I’m not with you!” he screams. I stand frozen as he turns back towards the lake, chest heaving through his thick flannel shirt. I walk up beside him and see his body flinch away from me.
. I was terrified of the run—my parents would have murdered me if they knew—but I knew that I . . . I had to follow him. I wanted to go where he went, and he asked of me to follow.”
enfoiré : asshole (not literally, but . . . the same general meaning)
Robbie: “And then, there are the days you get a call – a colleague has crashed, or a mountain guide you know has died. Those are the days you absolutely cannot go home alone. Our guys who live alone? There’s just a few of them. But they’ll sleep at each other’s places on nights like that, when they happen. To look out for each other. You just have to allow yourself to rely on other people, on nights like that.”
him with wet lips and palms and thighs, when all this time Greg and John were actually in the middle of a bloody conversation, and Sherlock hadn’t even
I immediately understand, and it settles over me like a blanket of cold fists, like little slaps of facts slotting into place against my cold cheeks. “You’re a draft dodger, then,” I say. “That’s why you’re out here herdin’ sheep in the middle of summer even though you could do it in your sleep?” I say it casual, like I just learned that the price of a can of beans is half off on Tuesdays.
He turns back towards John and Sherlock. John feels a slight prickling at the back of his mind that maybe Molly and Greg are finding this all ridiculous. He steals a glance towards them out of the corner of his eye and nearly gasps. He’s never seen Greg cry before, but now he is, one tear sliding down his cheek while his arm grips Molly hard around the shoulders.
” behind those words. He takes the leap. “Please don’t make me sit in a fucking motel room the rest of the day.”
Text: Holmes chose Simon.
And there, right before our eyes, all of the focus on his face from the rest of the mission completely disappears. He breaks, reaching down to cup Holmes’ cheek. His eyes grow wet, and he slowly shakes his head.
Cut to Watson sitting in the hangar. He briefly reaches up with one hand to adjust something beneath his collar. The camera catches a glimpse of metal – it appears to be the chain from a necklace. He lowers his hand, then gives a brief smile to the interviewer before looking off in the distance. He clears his throat.
And yet . . . in this moment . . . Greg can’t bring himself to say any of his lines. He feels like a shell of himself. Who is he to be here with Sherlock Holmes after abandoning him for half the week? Who is he to speak their hidden language when the entire world knows that Sherlock belongs with John Watson?
Then his eyes fall shut, and after a final beat of hesitation, Sherlock closes the gap between them, distantly aware of thousands of people gasping in shock at once. And he kisses him.
We tear off and soar down the street, tires screeching like screams into the starlight and headlight cutting through the fog like splintered glass. I hold on tight to his hips, fingers numb from the cold. His body is warm and solid in front of me, sizzling under my palms with living heat. Long black curls fly into my face, dance against my cheek. I breathe in the icy air slapping against my face and want to turn my head up towards the stars and whoop for joy, laughter bubbling fiercely in my chest.
I realize belatedly that she’s still been talking. I have no idea how much I’ve missed. I clear my throat and try to speak. I push out a whispered, “no.”
! Oh, to meet
Hodad (or kook) = a nonsurfer who frequents surfing beaches and pretends to be a surfer. Basically a poser.
bien sûr : of course
I think of that evening, lifetimes ago, when I sat in my truck at the bottom of Baker, back when I thought he was dead and gone. When his harmonica wouldn’t stop playin’ over and over in my head, and I would have given almost anything to go and be with him up in the fog.
Heat surges through Greg’s thighs, even as he chuckles. He surrounds one of the rings on John’s nipples with his tongue, moaning at the cool slide of silver across his lips. “
about my physical welfare. Leaving me out in the cold for a conversation that should have taken two bloody seconds.”
Everyone is dressed in their puffy jackets and snow pants. No one, not even Holmes, is wearing a suit. The ice is bright and blinding, and Elsa lies on her back in front of the group with her tongue hanging out.
Simon turns back to us as we walk, already a bit out of breath from lugging the extra gear.
It’s only been a day and already the name “Johnny” sounds foreign to his ears. Sherlock reluctantly takes Greg’s hand and gives a single shake. “I know.” He doesn’t offer anything more.
Sherlock smiles with his eyes closed, face still turned up towards the sky. “Then good thing we already have that place booked for the rest of the week then,” he says.
Interviewer: “I believe his exact words were: ‘Do whatever John says. Don’t question him. Now get out of my hair so I can have a moment of peace’.”
His voice is crisp like cubes of ice. He stands there pulling off his gloves with long, casual fingers, barely even breathing hard, no sheen of sweat on his skin.
He’d stood in the kitchen and looked out the window at the moonlit waves. He’d paced. Taken a shower and fought back whimpers as he tried to stretch out his screaming shoulder under the hot and steaming spray. And then finally he’d come back into the room,
Sherlock hums, settling back in his seat. “Yes, you really should have used the loo back when you had the chance. But
John yanks his muffler up over his chapped lips and tries to catch hints of what the official announcements are declaring in endless streams of French, Korean, and English. It’s the usual pre-competition robotic-sounding babble about the start time of the event, and the weather conditions, and how many athletes will run, and no outside food. John smirks to himself over the amount of poorly-concealed flasks and hidden granola bars he’s caught sight of so far.
him to look at where he was pointing so Sherlock wouldn’t forget them the next day, or cover them in random shit in the middle of the night.
“You know, I came in here ready to be furious at you,” John says at his feet.
I know then that he don’t regret a damn thing. Neither do I.
“You saw the way she was lookin’ at you last night,” I say, hoping I don’t sound as desperate as I feel. “You can’t tell me she wasn’t totally at peace in your arms, that she didn’t love you holdin’ her, and she reached for you when we lef –”
That is, if Greg doesn’t wake up in the morning and regret everything they’ve said tonight. If Greg isn’t the one to go off and search for John, putting everything inconsequential aside. If Greg doesn’t realize that what Sherlock did was unforgivable, and side with John. If . . .  if . . .
He will own this course. He will absolutely annihilate these gates, fly down them faster than any other human being alive, conquer this mountain, and it all seems so futile, so pointless looking at the lonely gates just fluttering in the breeze, a completely useless exercise in the grand scheme of the world, just an obstacle course. But it’s
? Did his interview with you right as the rain, as they say. Didn’t even need to take a moment to recover, like me. And he was the one doing the CPR the whole way.”
Greg quickly nods. “
Just as I’m passin’ by him into the kitchen, I hear his voice whisperin’, low and deep to the dozing baby in his arms.
He’s going to try to fucking win.
He raises his hands in a sweeping motion and does a ridiculous imitation of Watson’s voice: “You know, just being up in the clouds above the earth, like you’re flying like a little bird, and the world is your oyster, and your soul is at peace with the clouds. . .”
“You’re here for Holmes?” says the man in his ear over the noise of the crowd. The first skier’s run has just completed, his time flashing up on the screen.
He finds one from Sherlock, nearly passes it, then scrolls back in a frenzy to find it, sent roughly five minutes after John had disappeared into the locker room.
Even through the thick haze of sex in the air, Sherlock’s brain kicks into gear at the firm press of John’s hand in his, and he suddenly realizes that the reason the sheets around him smell like Greg Lestrade is because Greg draped his sleeping shirt around him as he slept. And John is still holding his hand as the last waves of his orgasm pulse through his body, held close in Greg’s arms, and everything is suddenly so blindingly clear Sherlock wonders why he didn’t just agree to it before.
He licks his dry chapped lips. “I’m sorry that I – that we couldn’t –“
“I’m sorry,” Greg whispers, his eyes thick with emotion.
Except it didn’t come. Instead Greg had simply pulled off his own sweatshirt, cursed and shivered at the cold, and then run forward into the waves to start the day, calling back over his shoulder for John to get his shit together and join him before he had a birthday waiting for him.
John had heard that Big Wave surfing was different – it’s own small set apart world full of the craziest surfers with the biggest thirst for danger. He’d heard how other surfers he was around back in Los Angeles talked about the men who traveled to Waimea to surf. How they were all insane, too ruined now by the thrill of monster swells to get any enjoyment riding the surf off any other coastline. Thrill seekers who hurled themselves from the crests without second thought, riding on the shoulders of the group of boys who first threw down their boards into the infamous surf in 1957 and swam out into the waves without looking back. Men who chased after the next record, and the next record, and the one after that simply because they could. Because the waves were there, and they had surfboards in their hands, and somebody had to go out and try to ride them and live to swim back to shore and tell about it.
I can’t stop myself from crying out when he pushes into me, his lips moaning into the back of my neck while shaking fingers clutch my hips and pull. It stings something fierce, and my body wants to throw him off and hide under blankets for cover. I feel exposed, like someone’s come along and lifted up the palm leaves I’m hidin’ under holding my breath in the middle of the jungle and pointed a knife clear at my throat. Then I feel his large hands reach up my back and press steady and warm against my shoulders, and suddenly I’m back on Baker, back under his thighs, back under the soft weight of my name fallin’ from his lips and dripping down my spine like honey.
And he never thinks of his childhood—ever. The years of his life before meeting Greg and John are an unforgivable waste of space in his conscious thoughts. And yet . . . he used to sit in a window just like this, didn’t he? The four-story London house with his parents and his brother before he was shipped off to the French boarding school at ten. He would sit in his window, giddy that he seemed to be the only boy still awake in all of London, and he would count the stars, and in that final year before he left, before he begged his parents to let him go to school close to the snow . . . he would close his eyes and think of that thrilling moment he first skied down a mountain. The rush and the thrill. The quiet. The
Sherlock does, his throat tight, and places it gently on the floor, along with the protective sock. He sneaks into the bathroom and gets ready for bed, struck by his reflection in the mirror as he brushes his teeth with Greg’s toothbrush—the way his eyes look brighter, his skin more pink than he’s seen in days.
Greg can almost believe, tracing the shadows of their naked bodies wound together, that they’re just going to spend the next few weeks doing what normal people do. That they’ll be grocery shopping, and chatting, and watching Olympics coverage, and having sex in the middle of the afternoon before drinking over-steeped tea. That the two gorgeous, quiet men sprawled around him in their private flat aren’t about to be up on the world stage for a whole month, to be at the Olympics, across every newspaper and television, fighting tooth and nail for an exact copy of one of the four Gold medals already hanging on an unassuming peg in the darkest corner of their living room.
John looks back at Sherlock and Greg and catches the tail end of a silent glance between them, filled with meaning but too quick for John to fully catch.
Watson, as we walk: “But as to your last question, I . . . I mean, yeah, this job is demanding. It’s hard as fuck some days. Takes it out of you. Even the stretches where you’re just waiting for a call to come in. Completely infuriating, even. But. . .”
I’m so far away from her. “No,” I say.
A roar of cheers erupts at John’s back as the rest of the grandstands watch Sherlock rise to his feet on the screen. He gives a brief wave and nod of acknowledgement to the crowd, the other hand on his hip as he looks back down at his feet. The paramedics are still arguing with him to get on the stretcher, to let them double check, and meanwhile Greg is standing back, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s neck even as he shakes his head. John reads a murmured stream of curses on his lips.
The camera continues to follow Watson and Dominic treating the girl, cutting away some fabric of her pants to view the lower portion of the leg. It focuses on Watson’s face to cut away from the gore of the exposed bone, and we witness intense focus, with his blue eyes riveted calmly down at his moving hands. We see his lips moving, possibly speaking to Freda, and his eyes brighten when we hear her laugh in return.
Watson, panting into his headset with a ragged voice: “Greg! Greg are you there?”
“Yes, I – sorry.”
but also stroking, holding, grasping so roughly it’s making the sheets yank across Sherlock’s body, making him have to bite his tongue so he won’t cry out at the warm, thrusting pull.
Cut drastically back to a calm scene of Gerold at his kitchen table. He’s eating a home-cooked breakfast with his wife and two daughters. After checking his watch, he rises from his seat, folding his napkin by his plate. One by one, he moves around the table and leans down to kiss his daughters on the forehead.
“I know he doesn’t believe me. I don’t even know if I believe myself. But I need . . .” Sherlock turns to Greg, and his eyes look wet. “I just needed him to know, to understand that I think he’s—”
Watson reaches gratefully for the small clip-on mic as he sits down in the offered seat. He sits directly across from the camera, facing us and the interviewer. The walls are bare.
, you are out. The world knows you are together. We cannot change that, and I can live with it. But not if we are not the same as always when we are alone. Not if you will not talk with me or come near me. Not if we do not work of this out. We must be closer because of it.”
After a beat, Sherlock turns back to Sonya. He looks surprised she’s still there. She hoists the mic in front of his face, looking anxious for his answer, her smile almost painful. “Sherlock? Thoughts on the race? On the World Record? Sherlock Holmes, how do you feel after your first Olympic Gold?”
Sherlock lets out a squeak of indignation. “You can’t stop me from training. I’m letting you do what you want here while I walk—”
C’est mieux  :  That's better
The idiom hadn’t quite translated for John. But he’d gotten the picture.
“And you
you.”
An hour later Sherlock pulls us up at a rundown motel two towns over with a flickerin’ neon sign of a red cowboy boot. He tosses me the keys to the Ford and starts walkin’ cross the street to a convenience store. He don’t have to tell me anything. I get a room for $8 and sit on the edge of the thin and sticky quilt staring straight at the wall in front of me, thinking bout nothing and everything all at once ‘til half of me wants to run outside and jump in the white Ford and hightail it back to the little room above the laundromat before he walks back in that door.
Watson, after a hard swallow: “There was . . . there was this tiny piece of rope, just a few inches, sticking up out of the snow. It was the only reason I even found him – he’d fallen on the other side of these rocks, but from where I was searching, it just looked like endless snow. It was . . . Christ, it was insane. What if I hadn’t seen it? What if it was buried? What if --”
. . .
John gazes at him, and Sherlock can’t decipher the lines on John’s face if his life depended on it. The moment drags on, and Sherlock starts to worry that he did something terribly wrong by taking it out of John’s shorts and pocketing it in his own. His palms are sweating. Finally John speaks, and his voice is thin and hoarse.
John stops and turns back, a grin on his face. “I can race you, if that would entice you enough to—”
The paramedics leap into action, holding up fingers, asking him questions. Greg takes a step back, and the camera leaves him behind as he stands up out of frame. John can practically see him in his mind’s eye—stepping back, straightening his spine, running his hands through his hair as he breathes, looking like he just helped some random skier who tripped instead of quite literally rushing to what he thought might be the dying breaths of the love of his life.
“Yeah,” John says, entirely too calm. “Yeah, you know what, Sherlock? You’re right. Just like you’re always right. God forbid they don’t keep the Olympics separate, you know, how they
Because it really had been a failure, hadn’t it? He’d just effortlessly achieved the highest degree possible in the life category of How to Burn Your Relationship to the Ground. He would have won the Gold Medal in the sport of Fostering a Breakup in under Five Seconds.
“And besides. They would never consider a film of our relationship. They all hardly keep from fainting when two men kiss, let alone—”
“Dr. Watson,” she says steadily. “Are you sure of your decision? Can you remember what you told me when I first arrived? What we discussed about your Last Will?”
Watson blinks and shifts in his seat: “Right, er, yeah, but that was, God, so many years ago now –”
NEXT TIME: Sherlock stands on top of the podium he's wanted to climb since he was nine years old. He looks into the cheering crowd, his Gold medal growing warm against his chest, and he sees . . .
I’ll go to him now. He needs me, as maybe you well know by now.
John doesn’t quite know all their names—they’ve all been split up between different Classes during prep and training—but he recognizes the faces well enough. It suddenly dawns on him, making his skin crawl and his cheeks flush, that he is by far the highest placing athlete among them after the time-trials.
John’s hands are in his hair, his rough, careful fingers gripped tight around his curls like they would pull on a live trigger, the muscles of his thighs trembling as he pumps forward into Sherlock’s wet mouth.
“Don’t be sorry.”
in Standing Class. You set a new Factored Time Course Record, shot the first clean Biathlon race in two Paralympics,
The relief of being understood is overwhelming. “Yes.”
Suddenly Sherlock puts a hand on his arm and stops in the sand, giving him an odd look. John turns and frowns as Sherlock calls quickly up to Chris ahead of them. “You mind if we take a quick moment?”
here. They are very, very much here.
He pulls back and grabs Sherlock’s cheek, bringing him down for a kiss. “Now stop doubting me. I’m a fucking decade older than you, I know what I’m choosing here.”
Sherlock would have laughed at the impossible grandiosity of that question if he wasn’t too busy trying to breathe through his relief that they were spared having to discuss Greg on air. He turns to John, who looks like he’s just been asked to recite the Encyclopedia from memory. But after only a moment’s pause, John sits up, gives Sherlock a startlingly soft look, then turns back to Rick and Sonya.
that made Sherlock drop out of Sochi before his race. . .
“Stay here with me,” Sherlock whispers. “We’ll meet up with him for dinner.”
Love crackles across his palms, so sudden and blinding it takes Sherlock by surprise. He will never understand what made him look up that day on the slopes, what made him look off to the right where he first spotted John Watson sitting alone. He will never understand what conspiracy made it so John wanted to see him again, and again, and again.
Ça suffit! :  Enough!
“How did anyone know where to find you?” I ask.
“Yes.”
to do anything. Especially not something you just decided for me not five fucking days after you had to fucking resuscitate me!”
Please appreciate that my Google targeted advertising now 100% thinks I'm a recent above-knee amputee who is super concerned about a) qualifying for the Paralympics and b) having sex again as soon as possible. Who knows how long it'll take me to un-train it . . .
“Sherlock, it’s alri—” John tries to say, but Sherlock is half on the floor in an instant, clutching his seat, his leg somehow stuck through the shoulder-strap of his seatbelt, straight up at the ceiling.
John tightens his grip on Sherlock’s neck as Sherlock bites the lobe of his ear. He steels himself to feel the uncertainty coil thickly again in his gut, cutting him off from the sparks of pleasure caused by Sherlock’s hand on his cock. When the feeling never comes, John releases the air in his lungs moans, feeling like he could float up into the air and fly.
“Would it physically injure you to eat your porridge without spilling half the blueberries off each bite?”
“I beat you because you fell off your fucking board! On purpose!”
His eyes focus, squinting against the glare of the sunlight reflecting off the sand, and then he freezes, sucking in a gasp.
The wind feels like a kiss weaving through my thick hair. Sharp and thrilling against my scalp. The stranger nods. “I did.”
Sent:
It’s their way, the way their pieces fit—have always fit—and it’s only as John’s glistening wet palm starts snaking its path between their warm bodies, where Greg has grown slick and hot beneath John’s hips, it’s only then that Greg realizes the odd tremor in John’s spine. The way he’s holding himself up all on one trembling elbow—the same arm John needs to use in a few short weeks to grip his poles, to aim, to shoot a gun across the snow.
” He hangs up before he’s even finished saying the last word.
He distantly realizes the two announcers are still babbling about their predictions for the waves and the heat when the airhorn blares unexpectedly, startling John and starting the heat with an awkward anticlimax. John thinks he hears his competitor mutter “idiots” under his breath as they both jog towards the waves and throw their boards down into the water to a fresh roar of applause, pushing and pulling at the small shoreline swells until they can reach the wide open blue. John tips the nose of his board down and duck dives under an incoming wave, losing himself to the sensation of the current ripping and writhing at his body. When he surfaces, though, he nearly curses out loud. The ocean looks like smooth glass – not a ripple in sight. The sounds of the crowd have long since faded, even the booming of the announcers disappearing up into the clouds. All John can hear is the soft trickle of water droplets falling off his arms as he paddles. That and the smooth, even breathing of the man ten feet to his right.
My heart flutters. I never realized until this moment how important it was for me to discover her name. I squeeze her arm before she can move to stand.
“What are you --- I don’t ---”
The Russian grins. “I thought you were . . .” He claps his hands together. “Poof! Gone! You are getting old that you cannot see, eh?”
John sticks his board down in the sand leaning up against the house and shucks off his shoes. “You must be starving.”
I can’t stand it no more, denying myself the right taste his mouth and breathe his air. My body moves without me, binding me to him from lips to knees. Suddenly he moves. I can feel the muscles ripple in his back underneath my sweating hands, and he’s on top of me, pressing me down into the earth with the solid weight of him. I feel drunk even though I ain’t had a sip of beer or whiskey. His tongue is inside my mouth, stroking across mine. My lips are on fire. Burning. He groans into my mouth, and it sends a shiver of heat from my throat down to my groin.
But Sherlock goes on, sitting tall even as he leans into Greg’s side. “He was telling me not to try to move, and that he was there, and that you loved me.” He swallows again. “You
Sherlock scoffs. “You wouldn’t.”
Greg starts walking with his arm still around Molly’s waist, the other one clasped firmly to John’s shoulder. John sucks in a full breath for the first time since turning around and glimpsing Greg standing on the beach, legs moving thickly through the sand like rubber. He walks towards Sherlock like a lighthouse in the fog, feeling like each step he takes is really on a pier in the middle of Hermosa instead of the soft, private sand of their home. He belatedly realizes Greg’s talking and turns his head to hear.
He has no desire at all to cease existing, but the thought still crosses his mind how peaceful it would be to simply stretch out his arms, lean forward into the thick darkness, and fly. Let the air cushion his arms like wings as he plummets to the earth. He imagines he would feel like that kiwi bird in the video John made him watch a few weeks before he left for California; John had been curled up on the couch in the dark, stifling his sobs, and Sherlock had sprinted to him, dropping to his knees, starting to say, “
Holmes rolls his eyes and grips the rope with his gloved hands.
Both of them are breathing heavily, sniffing hard.
” Still remembers the terrifying, heart-stopping terror that induced him to grab the nearest pair of skis, fling them on his feet, and then hurl himself down the mountain thinking only
“Seriously?” John says as he carefully gets in the back, adjusting his leg.
-If you can't tell by now, Johnstrade is my second favorite ship (second to Johnlock, of course). Don't worry, though, we all know who John will end up with in this fic :)
John sighs, lifts his hands in a helpless gesture at his sides. “Yeah. I – yeah. Who wouldn’t?”
Greg breathes an odd sigh in response, stifling a gasp against John’s chest. “
He keeps walking towards the shore, picking up his board along the way. He can hear John sighing behind him as he jogs to catch up.
The crowd explodes.
Maybe it’s coincidence; maybe Greg hears the scuffle John’s causing behind him; maybe the air somehow smells of John’s cream from last night; but when John is finally about ten feet behind Greg, heart hammering, mouth going dry with nerves, the screams of the crowd rattling his bones . . . When John pauses, just for a moment, Greg looks over his shoulder.
The air feels thick and choking. Nothing like it did the last time they were in a car together, all warm and rested and clear. John wants Sherlock to move his knee over and press it against his like he did the last time. To hear him ask him quiet questions and watch his body melt into the car seat, muscles completely relaxed. But instead when he closes his eyes all he can see is his mind’s recreation of Kip’s fist meeting with Scotty’s cheek. All he can hear is his own furious, threatening voice screaming at Scotty until he chased him away.
The words tumble down John’s back like sparks of heat, and he leans down to capture the words on Sherlock’s mouth with a wet and sloppy kiss, panting across his lips and tasting the morning slowness on his tongue. John hums lazily into Sherlock’s sleep-warm skin beneath him, slowly tangling his fingers in Sherlock’s curls and moving like they have all the time in the world – deep and heavy and slow. After a few minutes of John slowly licking into his mouth Sherlock pulls back panting, lips pink and wet and pupils blown wide.
“—but your introduction was priceless! The look on his face! You should have stuck around to see it! Group Captain John Watson, you ingenious, glorious, beautiful—”
We cannot see the patient’s face.
. Maybe John’s been massaging Greg’s knee. Maybe they’ve been eating breakfasts and lunches and dinners together in Greg’s sheets in between rounds of riotous sex, their knees bumping together, quietly laughing—
And all that time, John had been alone in his room. And Sherlock had been waiting for Greg to come and help him train for his Gold. Greg, who has more Gold medals than any human should be allowed to own. And Greg hadn’t even been able to put his own insecurities aside for two days just to help Sherlock win
“Oh, you’re one to talk! Why are you so afraid of someone actually having a real conversation with you? Answer me that, Mr. Sunglasses.”
“Hmhmm.”
Sherlock wants to take a deep breath and dive under and drown in John’s words. Wants to breathe them in and keep them down in the pit of his lungs so they can never escape from him out in the wind across the ocean.
Also, just in case there's any confusion, the Paralympic Games is *completely different* from the Special Olympics. The Paralympics is governed by the IPC (International Paralympic Committee, as opposed to the more recognizable IOC - International Olympic Committee). It is a major international sporting event similar in reach and caliber to the Olympics (these days, at least), but meant for athletes who have a physical disability (such as impaired muscle power, range of movement, limb deficiency, or vision impairment, to name a few). Meanwhile, the Special Olympics is a worldwide organization founded for both children and adults with intellectual disabilities. Different competitions and events are held year-round, so while they are recognized as an international sporting event by the IOC, they are *not* held in conjunction with the Olympics and Paralympics. Obviously all organizations are equally as wonderful, I just wanted to clarify what John is apart of up front!
It’s just him.
Instead he starts to gather his things so that they can leave the car and head back down to the beach, pausing to speak just before pulling his aviators back down over his eyes and ignoring the dull, dreading ache in his chest.
John turns back to the fridge and leaves Sherlock standing in the middle of the house. The house that’s filled with the sounds of John Watson whistling while he rummages through the fridge. And the warmth of his skin reaches out across the hardwood floor and spreads through every inch of their home, caressing the soles of Sherlock’s water-wrinkled feet.
And to his relief, Sherlock’s body shifts into a calm focus, even as he pastes on a frown while they stand to clear their plates.
We slowly pan up from the hands to reveal a bright orange zip-up uniform with a Caduceus patch sewn on.
“Thanks for comin’ daddy,” she whispers. Her hair smells like a memory I never realized I forgot. I ain’t seen her since I walked away from the church near six months ago after the Christening, after I’d done stood in a corner and not made eye contact with anybody for three hours, lettin’ the cold cuts of ham on my paper plate grow warm.
The very last time we went out together in the daytime we both knew it was a bit of a mistake. We had spent the few days before sticking to the flat by choice – with Sherlock busy trying to crack some chemistry mystery for Lestrade. Neither of us really realized how much Sherlock had grown in those few days, and so it wasn’t until right after he donned his layers and buttoned up coat and we turned out onto the pavement that we both saw how visible the round curve was beneath the fabric. Neither of us said anything. I could tell that Sherlock needed to do this – to prove to himself one last time that he was stronger than he felt. And so we kept on. On an unspoken agreement we steered clear of Bart’s, or any place we might run into someone we know. We went into the park and got a bag of spicy chips to eat on a bench in the sun.
,” Greg sighs. He hates himself for glancing quickly to John, wondering whether he just understood. John blinks back wet eyes and nods.
“Obviously, why in the world else would I willingly brave the swarming masses when they’re all trying to purchase hot cocoa and use the loo. I’d have to be a lunatic otherwise.”
Sherlock done knows it the second he walks in the back door, fresh from mucking out the horse stalls and feedin’ our new little flock of sheep. I don’t even have to say a word.
Instead Sherlock huffs. “I thought this interview was supposed to be about the
Renewed in this gut feeling, that not all hope is lost, John stands just close enough to Greg that their arms touch. It feels just like any other Super-G race, where everything is safe, and comfortable, and almost boringly normal. He feels at ease. There is a nostalgic comfort in the way he’s standing close to Greg, but not too close, aware of the eyes on them, their secret like a burst of warmth in the freezing cold. Their minds and hearts in tune. And soon, as selfish as John feels for thinking this, this will all be over, and their real lives will resume. Sherlock will race as well as he can, maybe even get a burst of adrenaline from this new challenge to beat the clock. And then it will be over. And they’ll be together.
