“It’s moot anyway,” Steve says thoughtfully, his other hand settling on Tony’s shoulder, squeezing. “Because it’s not gonna get that far. But I really am sorry we’ve made you feel that way.”
“Hey, Buck,” he says after a minute of staring down the Black Widow. Bucky hums his acknowledgment. “Let’s go hunt down some more chairs.”
“What is it?” Steve asks, and it’s the young, vulnerable Steve. The one who doesn’t have a clue what he’s doing, the one in a body too big and in a world too chaotic, trying so very hard to be an anchor.
Steve’s close now. They’re both holding on to the same branch of the same tree. The sun, still climbing in the sky, is bathing Steve in warm light. He looks younger than when the team first reunited, Tony thinks. More like the version of Steve who came fresh out of the ice, but softer, more familiar with the world around him. He wonders where the hell Steve’s frown lines went. Does the serum just smooth them over when his face isn’t being held like that constantly?
Tony and Rhodey end up falling asleep on the couch together, and their bodies hate them in the morning. There’s a crick in Tony’s neck and Rhodey’s hips apparently didn’t enjoy the angle they were at, but Tony resolutely does not care. He comes awake slowly, with Rhodey’s elbow against his thigh and Rhodey’s head on his chest. Tony’s warm too, even his toes which are freezing numb more often than not these days. He hangs onto the floating feeling until consciousness pull him the rest of the way up, and even then he’s not disappointed, because his brain registers
“Thanks,” he says, looking around at the cars and at Steve, who’s lounging on the couch by the wall of the garage, reading a paperback. Peter looks anxious without the mask on; Tony’s just impressed Happy could convince him to walk into the populated building without wearing the entire costume.
What the Ten Rings taught him was the lie of neutrality. If you aim for Switzerland, the closest you’ll land is gleefully ignorant, maybe powerfully, destructively arrogant. He found himself suddenly living the all-too-real consequences of his own non-action, the difference being that he deserved those consequences and none of the other recipients had. This has been his philosophy since, evolving at times (from the realization of the lie of neutrality in Afghanistan to the lie of apoliticism when the government tried to step in that first time) but always clinging to that first thread, the visceral disgust at zero-accountability systems.
Truthfully, Steve doesn’t know if a lullaby will be soothing or frustrating to Hulk at this point, not after how things went down between Bruce and Natasha in Sokovia, but he wants her close in case it’s just a run-of-the-mill injury and Tony refuses help. She’s always been best at reasoning with him and getting him to accept what he needs. Mostly, he’s keeping Clint because the man looks about four seconds from total collapse. He and Tony also have a weird, tailor-made bro code where medical assistance is concerned.
“Steve,” he says, and runs his fingernails over Steve’s scalp. Some of the tension eases, but he still sounds steely, if less dejected, when he speaks again.
And then the air’s knocked out of him; his head whips to the side and he’s sent flying toward the ground hard enough to crack the asphalt. Eyes open, he raises his hands defensively, and the fight’s back on.
“Are you though?” And Steve even pauses in getting out a cutting board to look at Tony with his super blue eyes.
He thinks of Howard, even though the only memory he can seem to conjure up is that time Tony partied a little too hard during a summer trip home and a couple of kids drove him home and left him on the front lawn, by the gates they didn’t have a passcode to. Howard had come out in his robe and gotten his slippers damp with dew as he hoisted Tony’s arm over his own shoulders and dragged him back inside. That was the Howard-and-Tony version of a hug.
“You don’t even see it, do you?” Pepper asks. Exasperated sorrow. Then, angrier, “You shouldn’t have to martyr yourself for someone to notice you.”
—but shrugs it off because, really, he shouldn’t be able to hear the hum of a refrigerator two floors down.
Though, he supposes it shouldn’t be such a bombshell. After all, he feels good right now. Sure, he used to drink when he felt alone and miserable and worthless but, maybe even more than that, he drank when he was happy, to hold onto happiness. If he sits here and thinks too hard about it, he won’t be happy anymore. If he can just get a drink or two, it can be a party; he’ll smile and laugh and
“Maybe not,” Tony agrees, fighting the urge to get defensive, to retreat into himself at the allusion to the Accords. “But it was.”
“Okay,” Tony whispers. Except—no. Blind trust isn’t the way to go on this, neither is the quiet vulnerability. Instead, Tony grins and scoots to the side on his branch.
“If you and Steve really fought so hard against one another, if he really hurt you as much as it sounds like he did, and tore you up, and broke the team apart—and you’re still having this freakout?” Bruce pauses to meet Tony’s eyes head-on in a way that’s rare for him. “Then I can personally guarantee the Hulk will beat you into the ground if you let an opportunity for genuine care and happiness slip by.”
There’s a moment of silence, only the work of a few seconds, though it feels longer for how big it is, before she looks at Rhodey.
Every “act natural” scene from every movie Tony’s seen in his 40-odd years flashes before his eyes, and he has to bite the inside of his cheek to keep from cracking up.
When it looks like he’s about to get roped in to dishwashing duty (which consists of collecting, rinsing, and then loading the dishes into the machine, but still), he cites a conference call for SI and makes a hasty retreat.
And then Steve leans up the rest of the way, and Tony’s lips are parted just a little bit, and they’re kissing.
Tony gags then and his entire spine heaves him upwards. He gags again and Steve uses the hand in Tony’s hair to shove his head to the side just in time for him to not choke on his own vomit. The puke splashes onto the pavement and onto the thigh of Steve’s uniform. His heart clenches and he kneads the back of Tony’s neck until it looks like he’s done, and then settles him back against the wall again. Tony resumes his pained gasping.
“He okay or what?” Clint asks, and Tony’s not dumb enough to think Clint “Hawkeye” Barton didn’t see his reaction but, boy, he must really be feeling friendly today.
“Yeah, Buck,” Tony simpers as Steve turns to follow Sam. Bucky looks about ready to sink through the floor, and like he’s trying very hard to appear unaffected. “You look like you could use the beauty rest.”
“I don’t know if I speak for everyone, but I know you’re not talking me out of this easily.” He looks to the side, giving a half shrug. “Just ask Pep.”
“I mean…” Steve says. His forehead gets all scrunchy the way it does when he worries (the way it always used to when he was reviewing case notes on his search for Bucky) as he looks Tony up and down. “Not if it’s worrying you.”
Tony stands up, and his chair screeches again as it slides across the floor. He just barely manages to keep it from toppling over.
He can’t hear anything from the suit, but FRIDAY says, “Done, Boss,” and he sags, like a puppet with his strings cut.
To Steve’s exceptional merit, all he does is smile at the ceiling, and Tony can feel his eyebrows raise where his face is still pressed to Tony’s shoulder. Tony—if pressed—might have assumed Steve would give a reaction similar to the others who’ve been here: sheets pulled up, embarrassment, peeved. Tony’s pleasantly surprised by both the choice in post-orgasm confession and the way Steve only seems to settle in at the sound of FRIDAY’s voice.
“This it?” Sam asks after just a couple minutes. He’s got an eyebrow raised, and he looks more awake and steadier than he did upon arrival. It takes Tony a few seconds to find words, so he shrugs as his mouth starts and aborts a few half-thoughts.
“Speaking, then, for the world rather than the States, you caused hundreds of thousands of dollars in public and private property damage in Leipzig and Bucharest just to aide and abet an international criminal. Right after, it should be noted, you refused to sign the Accords the first time. Sure, we’re all glad you’re back to singing around the campfire, but if this is what has to happen for your quote-unquote team to work together? I think we can find someone else to fight for us. Someone who’ll, y’know, fight for
“Did you really just use the word ‘normally’ to describe anything these people do?” Tony asks, gesturing to the room at large. At this moment he catches sight of the newcomers. “Morning!” he calls. “James #2—that arm might take me an extra day, sorry to get your hopes up, I have a meeting in the city a little later today.”
Eventually he realizes he’s sitting at the opposite end of the table from Sam and Steve, damn military type early risers. They both keep stealing glances at him. Tony’s pretty sure there’s something different between the looks Sam’s shooting him and the one on Steve’s face, but it’s really not worth trying to parse before he’s even finished his first cup of coffee.
“Yeah.” Tony nods, his head rolling against Steve’s shoulder. “COO of the company after I took over. Dad’s best friend toward the end of his life. And the guy who paid the Ten Rings to take me out, and then tried to do it himself when that backfired.”
Tony’s throat makes a clicking sound when he tries to swallow. He shakes his head. Bruce laughs for real this time, sounding like he can’t control it, like it’s bubbling over, and he shakes his head back at Tony.
Steve stares at him for another minute, and then scoffs, turns back to the road, and starts up the ridiculously long driveway to the compound.
Steve’s eyes narrow in confusion and the suspicion of being made fun of, but Tony’s already leaning in, and Steve’s hand is curling farther around Tony’s wrist.
And then he turns resolutely and walks into his own room, shutting the door firmly behind him and leaning against it for a second, reminding himself to breathe.
“You’re the one he keeps asking for,” Clint reminds him. This is, Tony figures, a completely logical assertion, and so he climbs the rest of the way into the ambulance and wills himself smaller, tucking himself onto a bench out of the way.
Tony scoffed. He and Vision stayed where they were, Vision because the synthezoid doesn’t eat, and Tony because spicy food honestly sounded like some kind of hell right now. Instead, he picked up the tablet Steve had set down next to him and pulled up some investment briefing packet he'd gotten from Pepper the day before. He’d have to take a trip to Japan soon if this partnership is going to move forward, might as well be reading up.
They’re not demanding anything ludicrous from the team, Tony reasons with himself. It’s all pretty tame, designed to not single anyone out, to give them all the resources they need. There’s nothing there for anyone to get angry about, not really. Tony knows this, also knows that that doesn’t stop people from getting angry sometimes. Steve’s on his side this time, though, and people are more likely to listen to him.
“He is wrong,” Tony says then. No getting out of it. Sam’s always surprisingly willing to help as long as Tony gives a bit of honesty, he just doesn’t think Sam knows what that honesty costs Tony to give up. “I’m making it up to Barnes.”
“You should’ve seen him after Chicago,” Rhodey says after a few more seconds of silence. “Man was just about out of his mind with worry for you.”
“Fair,” Tony says, and wonders what Steve might’ve sent him in the past two days before jumping on a plane and booking it to Tony’s front door. He wonders what might be going on in Steve’s head besides guilt and realizes he has no idea.
“You’ll never win if you always bet on Natasha,” Steve points out, like it’s been written into a script for him. Tony smiles, easy. This is always the easy stuff, the lighthearted words that make him feel like he belongs. He knows better now—
“Want some coffee?” he offers, and Bucky looks even more surprised. Annoyance flashes through him—he really wishes people would stop being so shocked when he shows basic humanity—but it burns out just as quickly. It’s not like he’s given Bucky any reason to think he’d do anything but go on about his business and keep from showing Bucky his back. It’s somehow easier though to interact with Bucky without being watched, without someone breathing down both their necks waiting for Tony to snap or whatever it is they seem to be waiting for. Well—they haven’t been waiting lately, but there’s a tension that’s like being watched. Tony thinks they know he’s past attacking the man—he’s invited Bucky to live at the compound for God’s sake—but they all know he’s still uncomfortable. He doesn’t hide it very well. (To be fair, he hasn’t had that much time to get used to it yet.)
“Please,” Steve scoffs, eyes fixed on the trees out the passenger window. “For how serious he could be, Howard was always kind of a child. Your ma had to have known what she was getting herself into.”
“What can I say?” Tony says, shrugging in a way that almost dislodges Bruce. The elevator doors open behind them and Tony backs them in, saying, “Spider-kid had a point.”
He feels like he’s going to be sick. He ignores it, pushes it down, because he and Tony are having coffee in the morning. They have plans. Tony agreed. The back of his throat still burns, but he steps forward.
“Couldn’t sleep?” Tony asks. Bucky shrugs and goes back to looking at the blank screen. Tony’s about to leave when Bucky sneaks a glance at him.
“Okay,” Steve says. Nods. Tony turns to rummage for the oil and Steve calls from the other room, “Extra butter!”
Steve’s thoughts are interrupted by the chime of the elevator. He looks over from where he’s sitting on the couch and it’s Tony. Steve’s heart jumps like it does whenever he’s been away from Tony for too long, and he’s on his feet before he even realizes, grinning at his boyfriend.
Tony takes a moment to absorb the question. It’s neither blind forgiveness nor accusation. His first instinct is to retreat, to say nothing happened, to keep the truth of it close to his chest.
The things explode like they speak, not quite simultaneous, but in a cascade. Tony does what he does best—he calculates. He’s on the ground now, Thor a solid ten yards to the north-north-west, Natasha just over twenty yards straight east. He turns towards her and propels himself, ignoring the sounds of the bots exploding around him and his teammates shouting, and manages to bowl into her right as her bot detonates. The blast knocks them off-course so they skip across the ground, taking small divots out of the grass as they go, reminding Tony distinctly of some of his worst botched golf games.
“You were just trying to help us,” she says then, and it should sound like pointing out the obvious, but Tony’s been so afraid that nobody could tell, all he feels is sharp relief. “It might’ve even worked, too.”
“—for the security of America if the leader of our greatest protection is going to be so fickle with that power?”
“I played it by ear earlier,” Steve admitted, “but I’m sorry if I…guessed wrong, at any turn. If I did anything you weren’t comfortable with, I won’t do it again.”
Tony remembers, suddenly, the first debrief after they came back to the compound. T’Challa had been there at the time, but not Bruce, Bucky, Thor, Rhodey, or Peter. He remembers that first fight, too, standing around Loki, the original six of them, a united front for the first time. Even earlier than that, Tony thinks as he accidentally catches Steve’s eye from across the table, when they were on the Helicarrier, just the two of them, Fury throwing the bloody cards across the surface.
“We have set agreed upon terms for this ceasefire and retreat,” Thor says. “I apologize for not discussing them with you, Captain, but time was of the essence.”
“Extend an invitation to Barnes if he doesn’t seem busy,” Tony says. “Tell him I’ve got something for him if he wants to come visit Candyland.”
“Thanks, Black Widow,” Steve says, all business. “When everybody’s on the ground, I want one of the flyers to get Hawkeye up nice and high. Iron Man and Falcon, I want you to make the perimeter as tight as you can, watch our six. Ant-Man, Black Widow, and myself with start taking these things out on the ground. Vision, I want you to incapacitate one long enough for the Scarlet Witch to get in its head. See if their fears can tell us anything about their weaknesses.”
Tony pulls a face at the counter. FRIDAY isn’t the only one he’s dropped the ball on, apparently. Surprisingly, Tony’s hardly even thought about Barnes over the past month. He and Steve are probably even at a point now where they could talk about the man without someone getting murdered. But didn’t T’Challa say he would bring up the possibility to Steve? But—no, they never quite got to that point. They shelved the conversation, and heaven knows it isn’t T’Challa’s job to track Tony down and figure out a solution. On top of it all, they even saw T’Challa yesterday, but he took off so quickly from the signing that Tony didn’t even get a chance to talk to him alone.
Tony’s struck by a sudden terror, like he’s standing on the edge of a cliff, armor nowhere in sight. He’s also hit by the absolute clarity of the knowledge that he’s here with Steve, that Steve’s on the same ledge that he is, that, while this might be the riskiest, stupidest thing he’s done in years—Steve’s here, too. Steve seems to want him here.
Laying with his head in the scanner sets off a hard case of the spins for Steve, so much so that he almost jumps out of this seat. He gasps, and Tony can see the sweat breaking out on his face.
Then again, the only reason he’s here running into Bucky, alone, on the common floor in the middle of the night, is because Tony spent hours locked in his shop being consumed by terror over the belief that none of his colleagues actually like him, Jesus.
Steve laughs, which leads to a cough, which makes him try to curl in on himself. Steve’s head knocks into Tony’s helmet and, despite himself, Tony snickers.
The new Malibu house seems dead, like a thing he built and left, unused, mostly a backup plan. It’s all newly designed, so memories of Pepper’s smile don’t linger around the corners and Obie’s ghost doesn’t haunt him, but it’s a double-edged sword because there aren’t any of his bots here and he didn’t fish anything out of the Pacific he couldn’t salvage but, God, sometimes he misses his mom’s piano.
“No, but I made Sam listen to me practice,” he says, and it’s Tony’s turn to bark out a laugh, abrupt but no less genuine than Steve’s.
It feels good to start their diagnostics. U gets impatient and squirmy during the first checks, because U is always squirmy when they do this. DUM-E’s the one to stay perfectly still and follow orders—there were a couple incidents way back in the day that ended in both Tony and DUM-E getting a nasty shock or cut or some other such hurt—though he does chatter at Tony the entire time, like a teenager in a barber’s chair.
“What did you tell him?” Steve asks, leaning forward so that he can see Natasha around Sam. Natasha smiles at him, but it’s more sardonic than amused.
I miss him, Steve thinks. And then thinks, this isn’t usually the thing making me sad on my birthday. Usually it’s the memory of Bucky, the year after Steve’s mom passed, and how he did overtime down at the docks for two weeks just so they could make a cake. But that one doesn’t sting like it usually does, like it used to. Maybe because he appreciated it at the time, knew what it took for Bucky to do that for him, and he was grateful. He’s never seemed to be able to pull that off for Tony except in hindsight. Because right after the Chitauri? Tony was going through such heavy mental shit at the time, and he still remembered—and reminded the others about—Steve’s birthday. And when Steve told that anecdote at a dinner party with Pepper in earshot, some of her cocktail came out her nose. Because, try as he might, Tony doesn’t remember birthdays. He just doesn’t, except that he did. For Steve. And the fact that he somehow anticipated that an expensive gift would make Steve uncomfortable and did his own version of a homemade gift, even if at the time Steve thought Tony must’ve forgotten and had to slap it together at the last minute. Steve spent every year with the Avengers pining for his old life and completely missing out on a new family, and he didn’t even know it until that was out of reach, too.
He fires off a repulsor blast. Thankfully, it doesn’t ricochet where it hits one of the bots, but it does little more than char the outer shell of the thing.
Tony says again and—fuck, no, wait, those are actual tears in Tony’s eyes. Steve doesn’t know anything about vectors, but he knows that messing up the calculations is going to make Tony cry real tears in about four seconds. Steve is definitely not equipped to deal with this.
“Good of you to join us,” Sam said. It sounded like he was teasing, but Tony’s opinion of the man had improved greatly when he’d realized that was just how Sam sounded most of the time. Even now, Tony checked, and his smile was genuine enough. He and Bucky were both in chairs, a Backgammon board on a coffee table between them. Bucky was pouting, and even as fuzzy as Tony felt, the game made his chest ache faintly, distantly, just enough to be annoying, another static-filled cluster of nerves.
“If I’d been more involved or even bothered to keep up-to-date, maybe it wouldn’t have been such a damn surprise the day you showed up with Ross.”
“You’re not selling it very well, sugar plum,” Tony says back. “No introduction? Not even a howdy-do? You gotta convince me, here. Tell me something I want to hear.”
He opens his eyes, stands up. It’s not the same, going to Steve’s room. Tony’s not that stupid. Not that Steve and Tony really operate within the normal bounds of social interaction; they never really have, but it’s hard to pretend this is the same as falling asleep together on the couch in the middle of a movie. But it might be what works for them, what’s necessary to quiet whatever monster’s living in Tony’s ear, and Steve, well.
He’s overwhelmed, and he shouldn’t be, can’t be. He still has teammates in the field for Christ’s sake.
“Good,” Happy says, shocking Tony out of listening to the other conversation being had a couple yards away. “You wouldn’t believe what Dennison in R&D’s been up to, and nobody else seems to be appropriately shocked.”
Tony doesn’t know how Steve knows to take the stairs instead of the elevator, but he does, and Tony’s glad. If he had to stand in an elevator right now he might actually claw his way out of his own epidermis.
“About an hour,” Rhodey says. He’s picked himself up and has his hands braced on the back of the chair Sam’s using for his ankle.
And, okay, he and Pepper aren’t exactly speaking right now, but he thinks she might be upset if he disappeared. And Rhodey would definitely have things to say about it. Nobody needs a Fun-Vee: Part II.
Steve’s intimately familiar with this feeling, and sends Sam what he hopes is a reassuring smile. “I’m sorry.”
By the time Bucky’s gone, the air in the workshop is humming around Tony. There’s an itch under his skin that means he’s going to either rip his way out of it or find someone else to do it for him. He wants a fight, pure and simple, clean and destructive, in a way he hasn’t in months—since before the Accords, since maybe before Ultron. Sure, Siberia happened, but that had been a unique incident, more about destroying something (someone) else. This? Good, old fashioned self destruction.
Not to mention, how would a more solid command system work for them? Tony can’t even begin to tease out the top from the bottom of a chain like that. They really aren’t soldiers; they’re specialists, all in their own right, and they individually know themselves and their powers and capabilities better than anyone else can. Perhaps that’s a failure of training and communication, but—he remembers Doom’s bots in the city, his own ability, his own call. He believes, in his core, that he was right to make a decision there himself, that it really was his right to go in at his own discretion. And that might be the crux of the reason he didn’t structure any changes in militaristic ways. Tony can’t imagine he’d be at the top of that list, and he doesn’t want to cede whatever say he does have on the team. He’s sure nobody else in this building would feel otherwise.
Clint's completely crashed now too. He gets wheeled off on the next gurney. Natasha helps Sam hobble down the ramp and Steve half drags Bruce inside. Eventually security stops them.
It’s not especially late, not even by normal human standards, meaning it’s obscenely early for Tony. Laying down here with Steve is nice, and the darkness around them is nice, of course, it’s all a blanket of security and reassurance and freedom, but even in the wake of his—outburst, he wouldn’t necessarily say he’s sleep ready. It was a bit of an abrupt shift, not that it’s exactly surprising, given the conversation that led them here, but he feels jarred nonetheless.
. FRIDAY’s not installed here yet, so Tony’s as alone as he’s been in months, maybe years. It’s a massive relief to be able to take a full breath.
“Surely your people would have noticed a Brood ship entering your world,” Thor says. “They’re not unremarkable.”
Sam had gone out while Steve was on the phone, and he comes back with an ice cream cake and sparkler candles. They put on nine, and Steve’s laughing in the picture Sam takes. He’s never had ice cream cake before, but he texts Tony after his first slice.
He finally gets his feet to move, then, to take him forward that last bit of space so he can fall at Tony’s side. His hands float over Tony’s body, looking for injuries. One of his arms is soaked with blood, and he’s holding it all wrong at the shoulder, too. The t-shirt he’s wearing is too baggy to see anything underneath, so Steve moves on. There’s a tear in his jeans at his hip, where the skin beneath is swelling and discolored. There’s a clear puncture mark, the edges of which are flaking away like mica.
“Okay, okay,” Sam says from the ground, wiping a tear from his eye. He sticks his hand up and Steve automatically reaches down to hoist him to his feet. “I’ve got actual shit to do today, so we should get started, but—phew.” Sam pops up, bouncing on the balls of his feet, looking altogether much happier to be awake so early. “Thanks for that, Stark.” He motions to the elevator and looks pointedly at Steve.
and the rest of his energy is spent skirting around Clint and making sure they’re never alone together in a room. He has no idea if Barton’s reading the Accords or not and, right now, he’s not going to hound the guy about it.
And then people were back and talking but they had strong smelling food, too. Tony blinked at his screen. He was reading the words, and some level of his brain was retaining information, but he felt a little like he was floating.
He sets up camp down in the shop. There’s a couch, new but stained in places, and while he doesn’t sleep in his bed, he does sleep. And eat. But mostly he works. And talks. When Sam texts him, he texts back. When Clint calls, he picks up and tells the Barton children very seriously that, yes, he and Daddy have made up, that they’re friends again, that they can probably let Dad into the house now. Steve sends a text that reads
“Why?” Tony quips back, proud of himself for not visibly panicking. “You see something the CT couldn’t, Sherlock?”
—like Tony was nothing, just another obstacle in the way of Bucky, like Mom didn’t mean anything, like not even Howard’s life meant anything to Steve when all was said and done.
Tony settled next to Steve, hips against the counter behind him so they were both facing the same way, watching the closed refrigerator as Tony started to eat, all while beating down the feeling of wrongness at having shown vulnerability to Steve, to Rogers, to this guy he swore he wouldn’t let beneath his armor ever again.
To Tony’s mild chagrin, the nickname slides off Bucky’s back like water. He’ll have to do better, apparently.
Sam drops onto the armchair, tablet lighting up his face in a cool white light. Tony lapses into silence as Sam reads.
Steve squints at him, looking a little constipated. Tony takes the opportunity to look for “the green in the blue” of Steve’s eyes and comes away with nothing. Lighting must not be right.
Tony stares at him. He would think Sam’s fucking with him if he didn’t know any better. Sam’s not generally difficult to read, though. He smirks when he’s joking, raises an eyebrow when he’s making a joke at someone’s expense, and right now he just looks genuinely confused.
“What?” Tony says, and it comes out like a demand. Steve’s eyebrow ticks up, and Tony’s first impression is that it’s mocking.
“Right after the Avengers started,” Steve says, because fuck it, Sam ruined it anyway, he can listen to Steve’s pity party, it can be Steve’s gift this year, “and we’d all been helping with cleanup for weeks and weeks, it felt like we weren’t making any headway. So Tony goes to everyone else and floats the idea of a surprise party for my birthday. Just, y’know, as a way to unwind and get to know each other without the life-or-death threat.”
They take Scott off to another room to deal with his injured shoulder, but nobody else from that group seems too badly off, so Bucky and Vision round up some more chairs to line up close to the wall as medics make their way down the row. T’Challa exchanges all of five words with a doctor before waving him off. He stays long enough to ask after the injured and promise to be in touch, but that’s it. Natasha offers him a room to rest in for a while, or a shower, but he gracefully declines and disappears shortly after.
The reality is closer to this: that feelings aren’t always justified or rational and that, no matter how much reassurance he has, sometimes he needs more.
“And everyone else?” Tony says. Bruce just stares at him. Rhodey and Tony watch Bruce stare at Tony for a few seconds until it becomes clear that he’s not going to answer. Tony thinks he’s pissed Bruce off somehow; the man’s breathing is suspiciously even and he’s not really blinking. It’s strange. Pepper doesn’t move from her spot against the wall, but at least Tony knows why she’s upset with him.
“Nat?” Steve says, gasping around the sharp flare of pain. It takes a few laborious seconds to get them all untangled, but they do, and then Steve helps Natasha scoot back so that her shoulders are up against one of Sam’s chairs. She leans her head back against his hip and huffs out a breath. Steve crouches in front of her.
“Do you want some breakfast? I was just about to make a snack for myself.” Steve pushes himself upright and walks into the room, toward the fridge. Tony leans back against the counter, one elbow on either side of the coffee machine.
Rubrics will now be used to determine the readiness and eligibility of new Avengers candidates (in addition to the psych evals).
“Just a couple checkups I pushed back when you decided to stage an entire ballet with Death herself.”
Howard would probably be proud in this moment. It’s efficient. Preemptive even. Fury might even be impressed with the mechanics of the program; he would nod, Tony thinks, but be secretly horrified by the power and the implications. For how much Tony and Nick don’t get along, they’re on the same page with surprising frequency. Peggy Carter, from what Tony remembers as a small kid watching her interact with Howard, would sigh. She wouldn’t explain why, but she would sigh if she saw this, and she would look sad. Frankly, Tony has no idea what Yinsen would say. The man managed to surprise him to the end, and Tony never quite got a grasp on him like he thought he did. He likes to believe Yinsen would take him by the shoulders and smile like he did when he found out Tony didn’t have a family to go home to, smug and knowing, and he would say, “All I asked of you is that you not waste your life, Stark. That doesn’t make you responsible in the afterlife. Do you always take a man’s dying words so seriously?”
The first voice he can pick out is Clint’s, loud and exasperated and familiar. Tony wants to smile, wants to be included in the team again, but he doesn’t want to walk into the room and watch everyone close down. He just—he misses them, and he doesn’t know where they stand after everything that’s happened. (It feels like a lot has happened, but it probably hasn’t been as much for everyone else.)
“Thanks,” Steve says, and his own smile feels sickly, weak. He’d been trying to fool himself into believing that it’s just another day, nothing special here, folks, move along. He’s done a piss-poor job mentally, he can’t stop thinking about home, and fireworks, and—yes, okay,
lol i haven't actually forgotten about y'all. thanks for all the comments on the last chapter, they were very much appreciated.
“I’m pretty sure it’s ‘down here,’ rubber duckie, Malibu’s much farther south than New York.” Tony shoves an entire piece of bacon into his mouth and talks around it, says, “Besides, I eat. Food is food even when it’s not a hot meal, it just doesn’t taste as good.”
Steve takes that last half step closer and brings a hand up to Tony’s jaw, and Tony leans into it. Tony’s entire being fuzzes around the edges, soft and warm.
Not an explanation, he knows. Clenching his jaw, Tony blows out a breath through his nose. When a few more seconds pass in silence, Steve tries to detach himself, to pull away. Tony clings tighter.
“Exactly,” Sam says flippantly. Scott flashes him a grin, though his face becomes more discerning as Sam speaks. “It speaks to a lack of critical thinking on everyone’s part. If you’d had the damn presence of mind to sit down and consider the implications of what you were doing, would you still have done it?”
Instinct tells Tony to backtrack, to change the subject before they go too far down that road and someone says something stupid. But they’re here to talk.
“—Terry, Torrence, Tiger, whatever. I think the word you’re looking for is, dunno—hey, Cap?” He angles his head so he can look up at Steve, and Steve’s looking back already, half-smiling a genuine-looking half-smile.
“It’s a good starting point,” Steve says. “The psychologist, the forums for new members.” When he trails off, it seems thoughtful. “None of that fixes the—imbalance of day-to-day operations though.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, and as the humor quiets down, taking the dregs of his energy down with it. The elevator door slides open on the communal level and Tony waves Steve off.
“Yeah, yeah, 3PO. I think I can brush my teeth on my own, though, so…” Tony wiggles his way out of the hug and stands. He half expects there to be blood on the knees of his pants when he looks down, but of course there’s nothing there.
Something’s wrong, has been for a while. Tony’s hardly spoken since they were unburied, only giving verbal affirmatives to confirm positions or to call out a teammate’s name. That’s not right for Tony, but Steve had chalked it up to exhaustion and an injury or two, just like the rest of them.
There are chairs for everyone, and they stole some blankets and pillows from a supply closet. They’re surrounded by small piles of junk food and wrappers from the vending machine around the corner. Steve’s exhausted even though he knows he shouldn’t sleep yet. He drifts a couple times anyway, but then Tony’s screaming or someone drops a Snickers bar, and Steve jolts awake.
definitely isn’t a verb and the fact that there’s definitely an existing word for what he means because fuckit, Steve will understand either way. “But most people would if faced with the reality that your side's fixin’ to commit genocide.”
It isn’t fair. And he’s not five, whining about how unfair life is won’t help him now, but it just—isn’t. His team is back, everyone’s alive and fighting together, on the same side even. If ever there was a time Tony wanted to live, it’s now. His thoughts are getting increasingly sluggish, though. He’s cagey and unraveling. It’s now or never, Tony knows, and he blinks his tears away.
Tony happens to glance at the clock right around the time when Steve would normally pop his head into the office, already looking like a kicked puppy, to let Tony know there’s food and that he’s welcome to eat with the rest of the team, really, they want him there.
He blinks, and Bucky shifts so that his shoulders are at an angle to Tony, and to the doorway, instead of square to the front. Tony blinks again, and then looks back down at his list. He adds
“Steve’s a worrier,” Tony says around a mouth of pepperoni. Really though, he’s surprised by the distinct lack of disbelief that sentence brings up. Of course, that voice in the back of his head still whispers, still sneers, asks why in God’s name Steve would be worried about him, asks where that worry was in Siberia—but that’s not right, and this isn’t Siberia. That sentence edits his imagined memories of Steve outside the door, does a lot of work toward solidifying the image of Steve sad and worried instead of exasperated and outraged.
Tony sniffs, exuding a careful air of clinical indifference as he talks science laying in Steve’s bed, fingers still curled around his wrist. Steve himself smiles like he’s trying to keep it small.
The hand is back on Tony’s shoulder, and he lets himself be pulled to standing and shuffles around to give them room.
“No protocol. Well—maybe text the groupchat, and if you’re in charge of the meeting that week try not to dump it on someone’s lap last minute, but. We’re all adults here.” He spares a look at Peter. “Except you, no offense—and, I know: friendly neighborhood Spider-Man, but you still get to know what’s happening, and you’re
“I’m sorry that’s what you think,” Steve says, head held much higher than the insult calls for. “I assure you it’s not the reality. The Avengers are fully committed to our continued mission, and we’ve only learned from the past few months.”
He breathes as they ascend. With the next exhale he feels the meeting itinerary melt away from his mind’s eye.
U, the more patient of the bots, waits until Dum-E’s got it all out of his system, and then comes forward slowly like Tony might spook, so he holds very still as U’s claw comes to rest, open, on Tony’s shoulder.
“Right.” Steve steps back and pulls his hand away finally. He looks back down at the half mug of coffee on the ground and gestures to it. “I’ll just…”
“There you are,” someone says behind him. Tony doesn’t jump, but he does turn his head sharply, just enough to see Steve with his shoulder against the doorframe, casual as he pleases.
It’s not punishment, of that Tony’s pretty certain. He’s not above anger or resentments in his darker moments, but he’s at least sure he’s beyond lashing out or acting in any way like someone else’s pain is going to make his less.
“You should’ve seen what he did out there,” Steve says. “He made his armor—” He swallows, blinks again, tries to clear himself of the burning tears he can feel trying to make their way out. “He made the armor dump him behind a building when it became clear he probably wouldn’t make it, and then had his AI fly back into battle as he just…as he laid there thinking he was going to die.”
After a moment, Tony says, “Thank you.” It’s awkward and too honest and he hates it. Thankfully, T’Challa must sense his discomfort, or be too busy to talk about feelings and duty with Tony Stark all day, because he moves on.
Whatever, though. They’re all alive and on their feet, he tells himself. Despite the odds. The Hulk is even ambling over, which is definitely new. He’s never been much one for listening, but not for lack of effort from the others. Steve's not going to look a gift horse in the mouth at this point.
“Ms. Potts,” Bruce says, and he takes off his glasses to fiddle with them, “it may very well become necessary.”
“Just wrapped up some work myself, actually,” Tony admits, matching Steve’s smile and he—God, he feels. “If you were looking for company.”
“Barton.” Tony raises an eyebrow at the hurt look he gets in response. Once upon a time he would’ve said “birdbrain” or “Legolas” or something witty. God, he’s tired.
“Correct,” Tony says, and puts one of the mugs down at Bruce’s elbow. “And I’d appreciate it if you didn’t hate me.”
“Steve’s fine,” Rhodey says. Pepper’s mouth is pinched into a very straight line. “Worried about you, but fine. He was a little torn up, but he’s up and about now.”
“Must not be that solid if you can’t even tell what it is,” Tony says back. Rhodey just looks at him. “C’mon, we all know it wasn’t Barnes’s fault. Okay, so maybe he has awful taste in best friends, but I bet Rogers was even cuter when he was a hundred pounds soaking wet. Like a feral kitten, or something.”
“They have stingers, too,” Steve’s saying. “Reports differ, but the poison will either kill you or paralyze you, so let’s all agree to steer clear.”
He wakes up every morning (in the actual, AM morning), goes through The Routine, drinks at least two cups of coffee leisurely before even touching a tool, goes to work for a few hours on FRIDAY’s hardware, and then alternates between working on Rhodey’s legs and projects for SI while he orders food. He listens to his usual music while he works, and the rest of the time he either has the TV on or the sliding glass doors open to let in the sound and smell of the sea. It’s sappy and a little romantic, but Malibu has always been Tony’s place. Even if it feels incongruous right now, it’s still his coast the same way it was when he was twenty-one and unable to feel like his own person in New York, standing in front of Howard’s old desk in Howard’s old office. Malibu is his and sunny and glitz and glam and, more importantly, not Howard’s, not Fury’s, not Steve’s. This is his life, and nobody, not old ghosts or new monsters, is going to tell him how to live it right.
“I can’t believe,” Tony says. “I grew up in Manhattan. I only moved coasts when my parents died, oh, my God, for an entire year after we met I thought that was why you didn’t like me.”
“Of course, door’s always open to talk about private concerns,” Tony says. “Or we’ll be here, same time next week. Speaking of which, next time you tune in it’ll be Steve’s turn to run the show.”
The door leads to a balcony, which happens to be the only place the door could’ve lead that has nowhere for Tony to vomit peacefully. He clutches at the railing and leans over as far as he can to get to the fresh air, desperately hoping he doesn’t puke. Been there, done that, about twenty years ago and all he remembers from that night is that sometimes there are people underneath the balcony when you throw stuff overboard.
Tony knows he’s making this more difficult than it needs to be, that it’s like pulling teeth to get him to admit when he’s discomforted by another person. Even alluding to the fact brings something like Howard’s voice to life in Tony’s head.
“I mean—I’m finally getting over all the, y’know—hurt and betrayal of having Captain America beat me into the ground and leave me for dead in Siberia, so—yeah, actually. Sue me. I’ll probably win. I have very good lawyers.”
“Long as no one tweeted about our plans,” Clint says, arms crossed as he slouches in his chair (Tony would be almost offended if he didn’t remember the posture from the SHIELD days), “I think we’re probably fine.”
Say what you like about Steve—Tony himself certainly has about a million conflicting thoughts about the guy—but he has pretty consistently solid friends. (By friends, of course, Tony means
There are piles of books half-hidden all over the place. Steve can very well use modern technology, and does whenever it’s work-related; he knows the databases and quickest shortcuts better than most people born in this century, Tony knows. Part of it is just how fast of a learner Steve is and always has been, the other part is that Steve’s introduction to technology happened at the SHIELD- and SI-level, his first exposures were to very advanced systems in the familiar grounds of military strategy and SOP. Everything after that was a piece of cake. Here, though, it seems Steve retreats into the comfort of notebooks and hard copies. There’s a row of books lined up under the desk, a small pile on the bedside table, two shelves over the dresser. Tony suspects there are even more in the closet.
alone; this isn’t the martyr version of him who designed the AVALON protocol, who anticipated scorn for being wounded or unable to fix everything; this isn’t the ghost of himself who’d haunted the new Malibu house for weeks, unable and unwilling to utter a word.
“In my defense,” Tony says, “Cap freaked out first. Flew all the way from New York to beg me to come home.”
“Okay,” Tony says, and claps his hands together. “Dummy, over here—no, I, thank you. There, perfect.” Tony goes to pick up the arm and DUM-E, miraculously, stays where Tony stations him at Bucky’s side.
They’re all on an open comm channel as they flock to the site: Clint, Steve, Wanda, Scott, Vision, Sam—all except Natasha, who’s on a conference call with a UN rep and at least three people from the White House, getting special permission to engage. Normally they would try to bring in the mayor of the city being torn to shreds, but in this instance they think he might’ve been in on it. Tony holds his breath, but not even ten minutes later, Vision informs them that special permission has been granted.
warning for gore in this chapter. if you would like to skip it, you can stop at "It's bad." and pick up again at "Deep breath, he tells himself, and assesses." There's a description in the end note for this scene if you would prefer to read that and skip it in the story.
“Why not?” Steve asks. The more he thinks about it, the more it seems like a purely self-destructive move.
ridiculously early, in fact, though there’s no way in hell I’m gonna be able to go back to sleep. On the bright side, if I get up now I might actually get some work done.”
“Right-o, chaps.” He points at Scott. “Lang, pick any unoccupied room for tonight. After debrief tomorrow, same rules as Barton. You can either keep the room or go home to your family. Or both.” He sweeps his gaze around the rest of them before settling on Natasha. “The rest of you, your rooms are still yours. The Avengers Compound doesn’t belong to me, I couldn’t take them from you if I tried.”
“I don’t think you should be doing this,” Tony says and, huh, he doesn’t sound angry or bitter or scared at all. Just…tired. Kind of flat. Steve huffs out a fast breath.
Tony happens to look at the clock around a time reasonable for breakfast and decides he could use a break (and some coffee). He takes a tablet, a USB, and some dirty dishes up with him to the communal level.
And then her hand was moving and she had a rough-looking paper towel, and if that touched his skin Tony thought he might have to set himself on fire to get rid of the sensation, but she was already there, and it rested against his chin. Tony flinched pretty violently and the paper towel got dropped onto his t-shirt, scraped across the material like a live wire. He groaned again as the paper towel fell to the ground and folded himself in half, head against his knees and fingers in his hair.
Everyone’s sitting around the room, talking and dozing and leaning on one another. The picture window’s letting in the dusky light, and FRIDAY’s got the overheads dimmed to a warm glow. It hits Tony like a solid one-two punch to the gut: the deja vu first, and then the rightness of it. He remembers right when the Avengers reformed after the Accords. They’d fought together flawlessly when the situation demanded it, but coming home had proven just how broken they were, just how alone Tony still was, Avengers or not, because nobody trusted him and he didn’t trust any of them.
An uncertain futurist. His father’s son, standing on the edge of a cliff, asking these people, “Will you catch me if I jump?”
“Each cut you patch up doesn’t undo one you made,” he continues. Steve takes a deep breath and picks up the disinfectant spray. Tony doesn’t stop him. “This isn’t how it works.”
“Whoops,” Tony says, reaching up and hovering a hand in Steve’s hair, not enough to put pressure on his scalp but hopefully get the idea across. “Nope, don’t move. You hit your head, ’kay?”
“We’re just trying to lay some better groundwork for the team this time around,” Steve offers. “Along with some new resources available to help each other when we need it. And those resources will be available to you too, so you should probably know what they are.”
And there, button found, rise gotten. It may not have been exactly what he’d been trying to say, but lashing out has always been his strong suit.
“I was just thinking,” Tony says, and tells his voice to be light, to be nonthreatening, to be friendly because that’s what they’re trying for here. “Might be time to cash in that rain check on our talk.”
Guilt flares up in Steve’s chest. He’d forgotten to ask about Clint. Goddammit, he was supposed to be a leader here. Tony was right, he can’t keep doing this
“You know, Rogers,” Tony says, and he still sounds mean, but he also sounds tired: calm and certain and a little bit dead, “you’re going to end up killing me.” He says it like the fact it is, and Steve’s standing suddenly, hands limp at his sides instead of crossed. “Droves of people will gather for my funeral and tell stories about how I hurt you.”
“Bring the lights down 5%, Fri,” Tony said. It happened without comment. When he could see again, he noticed that most everyone had taken their original seats back.
“Point,” he says, confirming Steve’s supposition. “Far as I can tell, anyway. Effectively, I’ve grown new organs.”
“Of course he could’ve,” Steve says, and he reaches up to grab at Tony’s wrist, regaining contact. Gentle, insistent. He sounds desperate.
“I’ll keep you posted,” Natasha says. Steve twists to look back at where she and Bruce are standing still, not following. “I’m gonna catch Bruce up on some things before someone gets a nasty surprise.”
Steve snorts out a laugh because what the hell, their names are so ridiculous and alliterative. What the hell. Bruce looks bemused and Bucky looks like he might be fighting a smile. Steve heaves in a breath, and then another before he’s fully breathed that one out because it wasn't full enough, it didn’t expand his lungs all the way like it was supposed to. And, God, it’s like having asthma all over again; he sure feels just as useless as his pre-serum self. There’s still a security guard off to the side, and Bucky and Bruce to the other side. And Steve really, really needs to do something. Ping T’Challa, maybe, to see if they’re alright. Or figure out when Bucky got here, or find Bruce clothes that fit better, at least some socks or something, really.
“I don’t know what’s going to set me off until it’s already happened!” Tony throws his hands into the air and takes a step to the side because he feels like he should be moving, like he’s trapped, but not by Steve for once. “I don’t even know what sets me off half the time, even after.”
Tony doesn’t unlock the door. Well, for a while, at least. FRIDAY doesn’t say how long Steve actually stays out there for, and Tony doesn’t ask because he’s learning that either answer will sting him in some way: the sting of hurt he feels when Steve can’t respect even Tony’s simplest of wishes up against the sting of desertion he feels when Steve does respect those wishes. So he doesn’t ask, and he goes through SI paperwork he’s sorely behind on, and makes a mental note to slip another small bundle of money into Pepper’s bank account. (Back in the day he’d just give her another raise but she’s CEO now and that’s not quite how it works.)
“Hey, whoa,” he says quietly. He reaches out and Tony melts into the hug, head in the crook of Steve’s neck and taking such deep breaths that Steve knows he’s crying for real now. “We’ll figure this out, okay?”
“Yeah, of course, just gimme, like. An hour. Two hours,” Tony says. Rhodey snorts. “Debrief went well though? I was half thinking they’d try to drag their feet on some of Steve’s protocol changes they already agreed to. And I swear to Odin if we lose all the progress we’ve made with Rogers I will personally fight the entire UN again—”
“Fair,” Steve says, even though Tony’s pretty sure it’s not. “I figured that out eventually anyway.”
Vision catches sight of them then, eyes flickering between Tony and Steve once quickly. Wanda’s gaze follows and she takes in the scene much more slowly, looking at the both of them up and down. Steve doesn’t put any space between them, though—which Tony finds he enjoys for some reason or another—and so Tony doesn’t step away either.
Steve turns and there’s Bucky, standing in the middle of the corridor in jeans and a t-shirt with one of the sleeves pinned up where his arm is still missing. His entire field of vision swims for an extended moment before he manages to lean back against the wall. Distantly, his back flares with pain, and he needs to get that looked at, it’s more than road rash.
“The protocol was designed so nobody would be able to tell,” Tony says gently, spoken softly instead of whispering. Steve just shakes his head against Tony’s shoulder.
Get a grip, Stark, he tells himself. Just because you’re only now catching on, doesn’t mean this hasn’t been going on for weeks now. Don’t make it weird.
“Christ,” Rhodey says. “Yeah, hi. Tony made me new legs.” He breaks off, laughs harshly. “So I’m doing much better.”
The legal team is, admittedly, all on Tony’s payroll, and he does have the most experience in that department, but Tony agrees when Steve says they should all be kept up-to-date on such matters. They all have a tendency to react rather with more volatility to surprises than most other people, hence the exceptional display of fight-or-flight reaction invoked by Secretary Ross’s appearance at the compound.
“Okay,” Steve says again. “We all need a break. Some food, a shower, a nap. Rhodey and I can stay and keep an eye on things, and FRIDAY can always let you know if anything changes.”
The thing is that he’s not tired. Or, his body’s not tired. Neither is his brain, exactly. His thoughts go in straight lines and his eyes don’t cross when he’s trying to read. So his brain is functioning and his body is downright thriving despite the lack of rest, but the longer it goes on the more…distressed Tony gets. Extremis may have given a tuneup to his physical body, but there are still some bugs in his brain chemistry, or the neural pathways are just that ingrained, because even the program doesn’t stop the anxiety and mania and disquiet from creeping up on him.
Tony doesn’t doubt Steve’s mind, that he’s thought through their shared past and come to different conclusions. Hindsight is 20/20 after all, and Steve’s shown both with his emotional reactions and his words that he solidly regrets how some things worked out.
He wants to be petulant about this, because she’s the one who wanted space after the breakup. He was just acquiescing—which, okay, may have been the case at the beginning, but at some point it definitely turned into isolation on his part. Right before the Accords, maybe, when he knew it was all going to go to hell, despite his hope to the contrary. Definitely after Siberia, when it felt like him against the world, when he didn't want to face Pepper or her smug face or her I-told-you-so eyes, because she’d known the Avengers hadn’t given a shit about him, she’d tried to warn him. The only person he could really stand in those days was Rhodey, and he’d been back and forth between doctors and the compound and his parents’ place. Tony’d stayed away from Pepper much longer than he ever meant to, wallowing in his own misery and martyrdom, figuring out how to do a whole team’s worth of work all on his own.
Steve, who seems to have been reassured by this point that no one’s currently in trouble, settles into a small smile and goes to grab a Dr. Pepper from the fridge before going back to the living room.
“I think that’s called reacting,” Steve says, definitely smiling now. Tony snaps and points at him, and then swings so he’s pointing at Tim-the-reporter.
He lets the sentence die, unsure how to end it, how to convey his need for her forgiveness. He doesn’t know what he’s supposed to be apologizing for. Should he be apologizing?
Tony lingers in the city, wandering around on foot, unwilling to give up the familiarity of the streets. It’s nice out, chilly, but with a warmth to the sun.
“I’m working on it,” Tony says instead, which doesn’t even answer the question. Steve nods anyway, and Tony turns to duck through the door toward the conference room.
“He’s breathing,” Sam says as Tony crouches down next to Steve. Tony, for his part, valiantly stomps on the impulse to snap that he knows that already.
The conclusion is that Tony’s been missing for a good while, since right after the rogues returned, and that whoever was signing the Accords was either a LMD or someone in a photostatic veil (the existence of those little buggers came to light when Nat dumped the SHIELD files and now nobody trusts anything—it’s getting on his nerves a bit). He’s apparently been dead (or missing, the author is willing to allow), for a couple of months.
“No,” Bruce says again, but he also stands when Tony tugs on his arm, so he just rolls his eyes and ignores it.
“Don’t know if anyone told you,” Tony says, and his voice should really be cracking right now, but maybe he wasn’t out of it for as long as he thinks, “but I don’t really do substances anymore.”
Tony grins, and hides it behind a drink of his coffee. He wonders if Hank’s met this kid, if he has any idea she sounds so much like Jan. Probably not, remembering Hank.
“Cool,” Peter says faintly, looking uneasy with all the eyes in the room on him, however short-lived the attention is.
“Oh, please,” Tony snaps, and he has to take a moment to sit himself down in his own head and tell himself to calm the fuck down. He looks at Steve when he starts talking again, and he thinks Steve looks more concerned than pissed. “Before she met me? You know, to my knowledge at least, she’s never expressed that she shouldn’t have done what she did. I think it’s clear that she regrets blindly trusting Ultron, but I don’t know if it’s ever even crossed her mind that her crusade was flawed from the first.”
all next to the sense memory of Rhodey’s arms around him in the desert. Today was less serious, but Bucky wasn’t there. He needs to see it for himself, maybe, and Tony gets that. Steve goes willingly enough when prodded, but not without an exasperated look back at Tony.
Oh, he’s dealt with insomnia for most of his adult life. He’s gone through all the flavors: nightmares, mania, grief-driven, simple ceiling staring, painsomnia. Nearly all of them have one thing in common: the exhaustion. Mania’s the exception there, but even that’s its own kind of hell.
“You didn’t need to do that,” Steve says quietly. He takes a step forward and Tony takes three back.
But he’d been doing well on the surface at least. He told himself that if he could just act like it was a normal day on the outside then it would have to be just that—normal, ordinary, like all the other days he and Sam have spent galavanting across the world for the better part of a year now, taking down Hydra bases when they find them, busting drug and human trafficking rings. And now it’s not normal, now it’s really Steve’s birthday and he and Sam are hiding out in a shack in France, a safe house left over from the SHIELD days. Wanda’s still in Wakanda, and Steve doesn’t blame her for being tired of running, wanting time and space to process her grief. Scott and Clint both snuck back into the States to be with their families.
“You really did not sleep a wink, did you?” Tony observes, remembering this look from the early days of Avengers Tower, right after New York, when Bruce came back with him for want of anything more pressing to attend to.
“So,” Tony says, and wills it to come out casual, easy, patented Tony Stark quality, “you still like making rash promises that you’d never break, right? Who am I kidding, that, that’s a pillar of your personality, of course you do.”
Her arms are tight around him, one hand even cradling the back of his skull, her warm fingers curling into the hair there. Tony is suddenly very aware of just how greasy his hair is.
“So,” Tony says, and Bucky looks up immediately, the relief plain on his face. “What kinda TV are you watching these days, Buckaneer?”
“Not a lot,” Steve says automatically. “Sam and Nat are cooking, and I just, I wanted to see if you’d eaten yet.”
“I’m running low here, guys,” Clint says. “The explosive arrows were the only ones doing any good and I’m just about out.”
“Fuck,” Tony says, softly but with feeling. He swirls his fingers through the air in a vague gesture.
he thinks, but it occurs to him that this might not be an entirely fair thing to say. He doesn’t know how else to express it, though.
“No—yes,” Steve says, and his frustration is obviously building. Tony takes a second to remind himself that Steve was fairly concussed not even 24 hours ago.
“What’re you talkin’ about?” Bucky says. He looks genuinely confused, but at least he doesn’t look like he’s waiting for Tony to snap and go for his throat (again). Tony looks back down
“Okay,” Tony says. He turns forward again, resting his arm against Steve’s and raising his head before he does something truly humiliating. “Any suggestions?”
“Tones,” it says, and a warm point on his arm. A hand, if he had to hazard a guess. “Hey, man, you in there?”
Tony has the sudden urge to overturn the carton of eggs onto Steve’s head. Instead, he snorts, and Steve’s frown twists, the side of his mouth turns sour.
This time Tony doesn’t even hear the elevator until the doors are sliding open and voices drift out. It’s reassuring actually; he’d been half-afraid the hyperawareness that came with the heightened senses would stick around forever. While, yes, it’s bound to be useful in some situations, the idea of it being permanent and constant is exhausting to contemplate.
“Lang,” he says, “that is the last kind of appliance you’ll find in the compound. Rule of thumb: consider every Sherlockian possibility before you assume magic.”
“There a meteor coming for earth?” she asks, stepping fully into the kitchen. “On a collision course?” She moves around Tony to the coffee maker, and refills Tony’s mug before pouring her own. Tony drinks it like it’s the most natural thing in the world, accepting this from her. “Seems eerily like a last meal.”
Something shifts above them, a big something or a million small somethings and Tony braces himself even though they don’t collapse (yet).
The notes for the meeting are mostly just a bullet point list of things they need to address. It looks a little something like this:
Steve opens his mouth, but can’t get any words out. He nods instead. Bruce may or may not be shrinking off to the side, but Steve can’t muster the energy to turn. And then the armor grabs him up in a hug-and-fly so swiftly that Steve’s eyes are burning. If anyone asks it’ll be from windburn.
“I—” Peter conveys an expression of wide-eyed surprise even through his mask (it’s really no wonder he wants to keep his face covered as Spider-Man, secret identities aside). “Good! Good—I mean. I’m usually not so great at history—dates are the worst, I have an alright memory for just about everything but dates—but there was. Uh, this study group, and it helped.”
There are aliens in Chicago. The aliens have apparently been working with humans on the ground to gain inside intel for months. And by “humans on the ground” he means gang members and all of their corrupt friends in high places. And, Christ, Chicago’s a mess. A horribly cliche, predictable mess somebody should’ve seen coming. But that’s not a problem for the Avengers; their problem is the giant bug alien things who’ve already started killing people on the ground, even as they try to take over the city. They’re a parasitic species, according the brief Maria Hill sent over, and they lay their eggs in human-sized hosts. The term “raping and pillaging” comes to mind.
“All New Yorkers are weirdos, but really. This stuff’s like your astrology. C’mon, quick, what borough am I from?”
And, really, part of Tony wants to laugh at the shock of Steve Rogers coming onto him. But he doesn’t because Steve’s doing it
“As an accent color, at most,” she says indignantly, flapping her small hand at Scott. “Red was Iron Man’s first.”
He looks at her, wants to believe she’s here as a friend, another olive branch, and not as the glorified babysitter who drew the short straw. Finally, he nods, accepting it at face value. Either way, it would be good to acclimatize himself to people again probably. Like when you win a goldfish at the carnival and have to put it in a fishbowl gradually unless you want it to go into shock and die. Tony’s not exactly sure when he became the goldfish in his own simile, but he’s not a huge fan of it.
“Thanks, darling,” Tony says, already distracted. His to-do list is massive. Is this because he spent a couple days in the office or is it always like this? Rhodey’s physical therapist uploads notes after each session and shares them with Tony so he can improve the braces. He’ll have to work on components or materials out here and modify the braces themselves when he gets back to the east coast, but that’s not too much of a hardship.
Tony shakes his head a little frantically despite his sore neck. He reaches forward with both hands suddenly to grab for Vision and ends up gripping the junction where his skull meets his neck. It’s a strangely intimate gesture, and not quite what he’d been aiming for, but Vision accepts it readily and slides forward, tractionless on the smooth floor, and folds his own arms around Tony’s shoulders. The pain is ebbing and the terror feels washed out, but he’s exhausted and doesn’t know if he could get off the ground even if the desire were stronger.
“She still left, though,” Bruce says. “Even though she agreed with you, she still left. It doesn’t matter what she feels or doesn’t feel for me, what I feel or don’t feel for her. She’ll still push me off a cliff at the end of the day.”
They’re walking very slowly, and Steve’s obviously lost in thought. Tony looks over to find Steve’s eyes on him again. Tony looks away, at a tree on their other side, and drags his fingertips along the rough, calloused bark.
Steve looks—confused, maybe. Concerned? Definitely vulnerable. Tony can’t tell, and his heart is starting to pick up the pace again.
“Not,” he gestures at the door they’ve been barred from entering, “whatever this is, but back. Before Ultron. In the early stages of the Cradle research, we were messing with Extremis.”
He doesn’t know what to say about his sleep situation right now; it’s not like he hasn’t gone a little longer without sleep, but usually it’s on purpose and his body fights him the entire way. And most of the time there’s chemical assistance, coke back in the day and caffeine since he collected shrapnel in his chest. He doesn’t know how to give voice to his semi-solid concerns without making them real. Tony’s not an idiot, though, and keeping quiet doesn’t mean it’ll go away, but he and Bucky definitely aren’t on good enough terms for that kind of conversation yet.
A few seconds later and Natasha’s barrelling down the ramp at a full tilt sprint, launching herself at a bot with her Widow’s Bites already crackling to life, taking it down in a complicated flip. The things are durable, but she moves so quickly and efficiently that it doesn’t take her that long to incapacitate, all things considered.
“You know,” Steve says, “I don’t actually mind the fighting if at the end we’ve cleared things up or reached a compromise or, I don’t know, something.”
Come back, Tony thinks. And then the burning reaches the top of his head, his brain, and he knows nothing else.
“Okay,” Tony says slowly, and he takes stock of the situation. There’s an IV in his arm still and a pulse oximeter clipped onto his middle finger of the same arm, but he suspects it’s more than that. He shifts his hips and, oh yeah, he’s on a catheter leash too. Fun. “Speaking of doctors, I think I’m done here. Someone can come unhook me now.”
Spider-Man lands on the wall above their heads, sticking to the brick by his feet and the fingertips of one hand before detaching and standing before them.
“Yeah,” Steve says, “alright.” He looks at Bucky for a moment longer. “And maybe get some sleep in a real bed, Buck. You’re lookin a little rough.”
“Then we’ll go home,” he says. Tony looks away, back down to the phone, and he’s just about to ask about it when the thing vibrates against the metal floor. Steve snatches it up and relays, “Nat says there’s a back entrance down the south hallway.” He looks back up again. “Think you can make it?”
“Oh.” Tony pauses. “That? Civilians, Cap. And a Dalmatian, they’re very cute. You’d rather I let the dog die? That’s anti-American rhetoric at it’s finest.”
“Extremis isn’t—it’s not a super soldier serum,” Bruce says. “It was designed for that maybe, but even when Killian was testing it, the only people he could find willing to subject themselves to it were frustrated, desperate men and women. It’s not something you do if you have other options. For good reason.”
“Fuck,” Tony says eloquently, and Vision’s eyes roam methodically, taking in everything there is to see before settling firmly on Tony’s face. The vice grip around his heart releases all at once and it hurts anew, in a much less worrisome but still sharp way, like the pins and needles of moving a limb after it’s fallen asleep.
Natasha and Bruce are huddled at the edge of the main street and Steve pauses, takes Clint’s hand from his shoulders, leans him against a wall, and dry heaves over the ground a few feet away. Nothing comes up, so when he decides he’s done he gathers Clint back up and goes to meet them. Someone’s given Bruce a shock blanket and some pants, but he’s barefoot and shirtless. Natasha’s watching them closely, and then looking behind them.
“What’s that thing you do when handed a thousand-page legal document three days before the incredibly public and binding signing called?”
“Again,” he says, “this isn’t me trying to pass judgement, and while I’m not looking to open this up as group therapy—I don’t think a single one of us wouldn’t benefit from professional help.” Tony leans back in his chair, crosses his arms. “Everyone’s getting therapy.”
“The couch?” Bucky parrots, levering himself up the rest of the way and lifting his arm to look underneath him. When his hand brushes against his face he stills momentarily and then scrubs at it with part of his sleeve pulled over his hand. Sam’s laughter morphs into a crazed howling. “What—”
“Of course, thank you,” Tony says. T’Challa smiles as he cuts the connection. Tony swivels in his chair to face Steve fully. “What’s up?”
A shiver rips its way though Tony’s frame, even though physically he’s perfectly warm and the most comfortable he’s maybe ever been. Steve shifts behind him, against him, and Tony makes himself stay still and just breathe for a little while.
“I promise not to put up too much of a fight,” Steve says, and tries to say it like he means it, to say ‘one day I’ll stop abandoning you, I’ll come back.’
Steve hands him a Gatorade first, and then snuggles up to him on the couch. Pizza maybe isn’t the best choice of food right now, but Tony needs calories first and foremost—Steve doesn’t even want to know the last time he ate—and Steve can always get real food after Tony’s slept.
Tony stops to think about that before answering. None of this is revelatory, not for Tony anyway. But it might be revealing that Steve recognizes it for what it was, that there were issues he could’ve been solving before the Accords fell into their laps. It’s probably even more revealing that he seems so incited by the events now, like the emotions are fresh. (Like he didn’t even notice any of this until recently.)
“I know,” Pepper says, cutting him off. “God, Tony…For all the world likes to pretend otherwise, you’re the most ridiculously loyal person I know. The thought never even occurred to me.”
“Not right now we don’t,” Tony says. “Why in God’s name do you think I flew to the entire other side of the country?” He laughs, and Steve’s shoulders stiffen. “You need to get the hell out of my home. You can’t be here. And you wanna know what else?” Tony pauses, and Steve says nothing. “You need some fucking help, and you need to get it away from me.” Something in Steve’s mask breaks then, his eyebrows crease together, and the corners of his mouth turn down.
“Steve, back off,” Sam said, voice low and insistent. Tony swore he was going to rip them apart too if they didn't knock it off. The air shifted in front of him then, and Tony thought
He’s almost out of the medical wing by the time he runs into Sam and Natasha. They all round corners at the same time and then stand there, watching each other for a moment. Finally, Sam smiles crookedly and Tony breathes.
Tony leans back on his hand so he can look up more comfortably. It’s obvious that Steve at least believes he’s being truthful.
now, you can’t let the brain heal if it’s frozen. I’m not a medical doctor or even a biologist, but I’m pretty sure it’s not helping.
“Think so,” Steve says, so Tony doesn’t think he saw, or he must assume the armor was enough to stop the stinger from sinking in.
Scott comes back and they clink the necks of their bottles together. The bubbles hit Tony’s mouth like it was yesterday. Familiar, nice. The taste might be a little stronger, but that might be his new tastebuds.
“Pepper’s going to be pissed,” she says, and it’s supposed to be a joke but, Christ, someone really needs to call Pepper. And Rhodey.
“Like hell you’re not,” Tony says. “Kicking Wanda off? Making grandiose promises of anything, whatever I need?” He throws his hands into the air and walks in a circle.
“It’s another thing I said not-so-nicely,” he admits. “But I’ve been talking with Helen Cho and T’Challa already, we’ve got a few treatment plans outlined. T’Challa just doesn’t wanna thaw the guy out on my word alone.”
“You're still not speaking,” Steve says. He blinks and a couple tears spill over because of course, of course the universe couldn’t even give Tony a small break. Sam looks alarmed and like he wants to help, but doesn’t know what to
Tony pulls his mug to his face to take a long drink and hide his expression. He doesn’t know who Thor would’ve sided with, and it makes him incredibly uneasy, more so than he cares to admit. Speaking of—God, has anyone had the Accords talk with Thor or Bruce yet? They’re going to have to sign. Where’s Ross at these days? Tony’s gotten lax and it’s going to cost them if he’s not careful. He needs to be better, more vigilant.
“I thought it was obviously your job to be doing that for all of us,” Steve whispers. He sounds almost choked up, but Tony can’t bring himself to look over again. “You were the one with all the money, and all the right connections, and this huge company. Anything less and I’m so sure I would’ve—thought you weren’t pulling your weight.”
“So?” Tony says. “Kids say the darnedest things, Cap. Plus, he’s not actually technically my kid so you can’t come crying to me every time he says something worrying.”
a sharp kind of relief like she knows exactly what he’s thinking. And he’ll take it, he’ll take this. They’re all together, and maybe he hasn’t worked things out with everyone yet, but they will, he’s fairly confident, so he smiles back and moves to hand out plastic silverware from the pile on the coffee table. The sounds of his teammates talking to one another wash over him, and he takes a deep breath.
The silence stretches with Pepper slowly eating her soup and obviously staring at Tony, a thoughtful look on her face. Tony feels unaccountably dejected, and drags an apple slice out of his sandwich with his teeth even though he’s pretty sure he’s never going to be hungry again.
“You’re looking for approval,” Bruce says right back and, damn, Tony had almost forgotten how blunt Bruce likes to be. The man revels in it. “I’d bet this entire lab you’ve already figured out what you want to do in this situation.”
“Fickle?” Steve asks, and his feet spreading into a wider stance behind the podium, and Tony’s bracing himself for whatever’s coming. The podium is wide with three microphones. Steve’s stood at the center with Tony at his right and Natasha on his left, the rest of the team (sans T’Challa, the self-proclaimed protector but not official Avenger, who signed his dotted line and promptly split) standing behind them in what’s supposed to be a supportive cluster. It’s gone well up to now with general unity and geniality all around. Tony delivered a rather cordial introduction to the returned Avengers and declared how happy he is to have them back, Natasha cracked a couple of charming jokes and is providing points of clarification for any blank spaces Steve leaves, and Steve himself has outlined a very sterile account of the signing and hints to the amendments in the works.
It’s not that Tony doesn’t want to be happy because, honestly, who doesn’t? He simply doesn’t know how to seek out happiness without being an entirely destructive force unto the world. Sure, there was that brief period of time with Pepper, but even that was doomed from the start, a form of slow punishment onto himself.
and not from the direction of the elevators (Tony’s almost afraid it’s going to be the Tower or the Triskellion all over again, both places Clint had the ventilation system memorized and utilized like convenient shortcuts despite being a full grown man). Clint laughs the carefree laugh he had before the Accords, before Ultron, and he starts to grab food without bothering with a plate.
Steve’s quiet after that. Almost a minute goes by in silence before Tony looks over, and Steve’s face is stony as he stares through the lines of trees. His jaw is tight and tendons stand out in his neck.
“Hearing your voice is the highlight of my day,” he says. DUM-E and U are still dancing around, and heading straight for each other. Tony reaches a hand in their direction and says, “Hey, guys, cool it—” but it’s no use, and they careen into one another, U rocking dangerously but thankfully not tipping over.
No, Tony really does know Steve’s human. Changeable, fallible. A tactile creature instead of an untouchable deity. With all of that fluid humanity, it makes him more dangerous than any machine. More dangerous than Ultron, certainly. Even when the AI turned out to be insane, his logic was constant, followed through to its reasonable (or relatively reasonable) ends. And while Captain America may be fueled by justice and righteous anger, Steve Rogers is a man prone to following his heart with everything he’s got.
“I still don’t know—“ Tony grimaces, doesn’t look at Steve, stops thinking about Howard of all people. “About Wanda.”
“I resent that statement,” Scott says, and he says it seriously, no longer quite so jaunty; his buoyant personality is no match for the grim air of the room. “I was involved in the Accords mess even without a personal stake in the politics of it.”
“Since over half the team decided they’d rather jump headfirst into the RAFT than work with me to ratify the Accords,” Tony says.
Bruce doesn’t look surprised by the statement, and he doesn’t look any less angry either. Tony sighs tightly, up through his throat and out his nose, feeling like an agitated bull.
“Indeed,” she says, eyes flickering to Steve’s face and settling back on Tony. Her smile is big, almost shit-eating. “Good morning.”
“Oh, my God,” Tony groans, and his stomach really almost grumbles at the very thought. “That’s more like it, that’s very convincing.”
even before he goes on to say, “Gabe knew a thing or two. It was peaceful and idle. Something to do while on lookout.”
so i know i've been gone Quite a while but life happens! i have a degree, a finished novella, a job, and an apartment now. should be able to write/update CONSISTENTLY now. thanks @ anyone still reading this
Bruce is looking at him now, scrutinizing him with one eye, the other one hidden by the pillow. He rolls fully onto his side after a stretched out moment, revealing the other eye, looking wearier and less sleepy as he takes that in. One side of his mouth pulls in tight in a not-smile.
And then there’s Natasha, stalking down the hallway straight for them. Some of Bucky’s humor fades away and Bruce’s eyes go a little hard. Steve tries to take another breath and it comes out as a sigh. Nat brushes right past the both of them, though, and gets a hand on Steve’s shoulder. At first Steve thinks she’s going to ask for an update or give him some bad news, but she peels his torso away from the wall so she can get a look at his back.
“Not without your tag team partner we’re not,” Tony says. Steve blinks hard—close, open—like a flinch. “I’m not looking for a fight. Just leave.”
The mood is lightening, if a bit forced, over the general air of tired acceptance, and Tony breathes rhythmically, trying to think of what to say.
Slowly, memorizing the way his nerves notch up at the movement, Tony reaches forward to grab Steve’s hand and rearrange them, his back to Steve’s front, Steve’s arm around his waist and Tony clutching their hands to the space just over his diaphragm, one ankle hooked behind Steve’s foot. Steve complies without comment or resistance, only shifting once Tony stills, shuffling closer and adjusting the angle of his arms. He’s amazed; this must be the easiest Steve’s ever acquiesced to another’s will ever.
Tony feels like he’s breathing through a straw, afterimages of Wanda’s straitjacket and Sam’s cut-up face flashing to the surface.
“Okay,” Tony says, his lips brushing right above Steve’s collarbone. Not that kind of situation, he tells his body firmly.
you might've noticed that i'm only updating once every other week. i know it's a little slow, but it's a pace i can keep up with, so i'm just sticking with it. thank you guys for being so patient with me and this story. there are so many more people keeping up with this than i ever could've expected, and i appreciate it immensely
The others come to join them. Sam stumbles when he lands, but peels the goggles off his head like he’s relieved to have them off, and leans against an overturned car. T’Challa flips over the back of the car, still light on his feet but hunched over ever so slightly. Sam side-eyes T’Challa but moves over so they can both lean. Wanda’s limping, has a black eye and a cut on her cheek, but she’s firmly upright. Clint’s trembling, just barely, holding himself stiffly. He’s taken hard hits, and Steve’s worried about the internal damage he might have. Tony still hasn’t lifted his faceplate, which is strange, but not the weirdest thing to happen today. He looks a little eerie when he lands, like he’s maybe holding himself unnaturally. He sure hadn’t sounded great when they’d been trapped under that building. Neither had Steve, though, he’s sure.
“We were finally gonna meet up to talk,” Steve says. “Tony and I. We were supposed to get coffee today.”
“Together,” Steve says. And Tony flies off. Sam curses down the line, but neither of them try to stop him.
“You were part of that second wave of Avengers for a good chunk of time, Eagle Scout,” Tony says, and his lips curl up even as his forehead creases. He can’t help some of the bitterness creeping through: if the solutions are so
“She may have said something about stabbing him with a heel when she came to visit after Siberia,” Tony says.
It’s enough for Steve to have some room to maneuver, but he’s only halfway through swinging the shield, and Tony’s trying to get his arm out from underneath him, when the Brood’s tail snaps forwards, into Tony’s hip. Not into the plating, but through it, into his hip. His throat closes on something that feels like a sob, and he brings his hand up to fire a careful, concentrated repulsor blast while Steve takes another defensive swing.
He breaks routine that day, too. Instead of working on FRIDAY’s hardware, he gets two separate designs done for SI and sends them off to Pepper’s PA, just for good measure.  When Sam texts him, he’s been awake for over twenty-four hours for the first time in months.
“We’ll talk some more tomorrow,” he says, and the connection cuts out. His stomach twists and Natasha leaves without another word, just pivots on her foot and walks away, much more soundlessly than her arrival. He’s half willing to admit that she left-left, but she comes traipsing back in ten minutes later with a banana of all things. She marches right over to him where he’s slouched against the bathtub and sits on the lip so that her feet are by his thighs and his head is next to her hip. She drops the banana in his lap and dangles a bottle of water Tony hadn’t noticed before in front of his face.
“Please,” Bruce says, just as quietly and just as vehemently, “without it, you really think Tony would still be alive?”
“Tony.” And of course Steve hadn’t left, even when he told everyone else to. Of course he was still there, and that was his hoodie around Tony’s shoulders, wasn’t it, the hood pulled up over his head. “Okay?”
“Says the man who flies around in a hunk of gold-titanium alloy for shits and giggles,” Rhodey says. He lets Tony pull him up, and it takes them longer than either of them are strictly happy with, but they do get up and start making their way to the elevator, elbows linked.
Sam drags his eyes away from Tony to shoot his disbelief at Steve. This time, Tony takes pity on him by pouring another cup of coffee and handing it off.
“If that’s everything?” he says, looking around the table. There are some calm faces, some stormy expressions, though no one moves to argue. Tony takes a steadying breath and squashes down the urge to run a hand through his hair. “Thank you all for meeting. Really—I know that kinda sucked for everyone, but this meeting is officially adjourned. And I promise they won’t all be like this.”
It’s surreal how normal the night feels. Like they’ve been a team all along, or something, and how the fact that Steve and Tony kissed and have been sharing a bed is just—a natural addition, apparently. Everything stays relaxed, and Tony doesn’t seek out another drink, though the knowledge sits heavily and nags at him: his own weakness for alcohol, the choice of drunken oblivion being taken away, and his selfishness in not even bothering to learn about Scott, who he thinks is a generally good person, by the way.
Tony feels like half the wild thing Natasha spotted on the common floor and half the distant, calculating man his dad always wanted him to be. Steve blinks at him as he fills the open doorway, gripping the frame. Steve smiles an insincere smile and swivels his chair to face him.
Steve grins, and it hurts. He’s just spilling his guts down the line, no big deal. He will admit, it’s easier when they’re not face-to-face
all he can give without dying (and even then, he knows this will most likely kill him someday, that that’s how these stories end). For it to be anything worth while, they have to meet him where he is right now, standing here with this list.
“Come on,” Rhodey says, but then Dum-E’s wheels are screaming in his excitement to see Uncle Rhodey, who he definitely likes more than Tony, and they’re held up for another ten minutes.
“Would you have?” Tony asks, and maybe he shouldn’t be interrupting so much. He probably shouldn’t be interrupting so much. Steve raises an eyebrow.
“Okay, hey, look!” Tony says, and Peter quiets down. “What day of the week is it?” And then, without waiting for an answer, “Over the weekend, or in a couple weekends, I can have Happy bring you up to the compound. We can hang out, I’ve got a debrief packet with your name on it if you want it. All classified stuff, but it’ll explain everything.”
“Good—” Steve chokes ever-so-slightly as his eyes land on something beyond Tony’s shoulder, “morning? Christ, why are we awake?”
“It’s—common sense, man,” Sam says. “Are you tellin’ me this isn’t how the Avengers was being run before? Except for the therapy thing, of course. I know none of you have had half as much therapy as you need.”
“Hey, Tones,” he says. Rhodey gestures to the side where the armor appears to still be standing sentinel. “You can probably call off the guard dog, y’know.”
“I’m on 42nd,” Tony reports, already calling the armor from the trunk of his car. “I can be there in two minutes.”
Wanda looks from the alien to Tony and then back, arms held up to keep the thing in place. Tony can tell, they’re both going to be having nightmares about this for a while. Yay for trauma bonding.
It’s not specifically that Pepper leaving made him that much more willing to take risks with his life, but he just doesn’t think he could’ve enacted such a protocol with how much he knew the waiting stressed Pepper out. It would’ve (metaphorically) killed him to know he’d given her false hope like that just to finish out a battle. Logically, he knows that saving the world, finishing the fight, is more important than even Pepper’s feelings, but he was selfish. He’d taken on an obligation to put Pepper’s feelings first when they started dating, and that was always fundamentally flawed from the get-go, because he knew his life belonged to Iron Man and would be spent making up for his sins.
He feels—something, everything. He wants to step forward but doesn’t know how. It feels impossible, in the worst way. Steve’s jaw is clenched, a desperately sad kind of anger. He looks like he’s ready for Tony to slap him.
Steve swallows. Rhodey maneuvers his legs up and around onto a second chair. Eyes drooping, he looks towards Bucky for barely a second before shutting them completely.
“Okay, hop to. How’re you feelin’ about the Iron Legion these days? Been practicing your multitasking?”
“Since forever,” Natasha says shortly, cutting Scott a no-nonsense look. “Even at SHIELD there were psych-evals—”
“Aw, worried about my reputation?” His phone buzzes on the end table to indicate where she’s storing the pictures.
“It’s guilt, Tony,” she says, quiet and soft now, like she’s breaking it to him gently. “He feels guilty.”
He doesn’t apologize to Steve for not being able to trust him completely, but he shivers when Steve’s breath hits the back of his neck. He hopes it means something to Steve, because it feels significant to him. His back is fully exposed, and Steve’s fingertips are brushing just where the edge of the arc reactor would be if it still lived in Tony’s chest. It’s a promise and a reassurance.
Tony sighs. The thirty percent is the probability for success at which FRIDAY will take over the suit in the event of Tony’s imminent death. In other words, if Tony gets hit too badly but there’s a thirty percent or higher chance that Iron Man can still contribute to a successful mission outcome, FRIDAY will take control of the armor. The specifics depend on the situation: probabilities and subprotocols for where Tony himself is put, who’s notified and when, etc.
“First things first: this meeting isn’t a one-off to recalibrate and continue letting ourselves fly blind. We’re hoping to instate weekly meetings—forums—to keep each other updated on any issues or missions. For now, the chairperson for these forums will rotate weekly, and for now the only people on that rotation are original Avengers: myself, Steve, Clint, Natasha, Bruce, and Thor. Just until we get a sense of it.”
He adds a second spoonful of sugar even though he doesn’t like it that sweet, and drinks past the lump in his throat, even though it burns his tongue. He turns back to Steve, unaccountably relieved to see him clean, unhurt, breathing easy.
Tony can feel himself getting worked into an anxious tailspin over it all. It’s almost a relief when there’s a knock at his door not an hour into his efforts. He rolls out of bed and takes the few steps to the door and, dammit all, he’s not even uncoordinated, his body doesn’t even feel sluggish. He sighs, opens the door.
Wanda and Bucky both appear at roughly the same time, just as Steve and Tony are debating whether or not they should be replenishing the stack of pancakes.
“Nobody’s kicking you off the team, Wanda,” Steve says then, like he hadn’t offered to do just that. “Nobody wants that.”
“Bark like a dog if he’s holding you hostage,” Peter says quickly, and Steve’s face a few feet away goes from amused and relaxed to downright shocked.
About halfway through his first pizza, his phone chimes. He’s sprawled across a stylish but still somehow comfortable couch in a classic draw-me-like-one-of-your-French-girls pose, and his shoes have been thrown to the other side of the room. In short, he is living and doesn’t want to look at the message, but he stuffs the last half of his current slice into his mouth and goes to dig his phone out of his pocket because he’s not actually the piece of shit people think he is.
“You know,” Steve says, and Tony can see him smiling out of the corner of his eye, “I’ve been trying to figure that out for years now. I think she knows I’m watching for it.”
"Come on, Tony,” Steve said, all disappointed, and fuck that, honestly. Tony was being a responsible human being. Someone was always going to be disappointed: Pepper if he was slacking, Steve if he was overworking, and to be frank, Pepper was scarier.
“Just me,” Tony says, only engaging his vocal cords enough to get the barest hint of his voice behind the words. Steve hums, shuffles around, settles again.
Everyone’s getting therapy. They’ve got eight solid finalists in the running, and everyone can meet with any of the eight. (Plus a few more options on the backburner, just in case.) Doctor-patient confidentiality exists still, and will only be waived if and only if an Avenger becomes a danger to themselves or others or are deemed unfit for combat. (In which case, one of the original members will be notified—only of the change of status from field ready to unfit for combat, not why.)
Sometimes Tony gets caught in these thought loops still. Other times, he does everything right, even that breathing exercise Bruce taught him back in the day, and the memories come at him in his nightmares, vivid and terrible.
“He is with me,” T’Challa says from the other screen. “He remains in cryogenic stasis in my facilities and under my guard. Though I’m inclined to agree with Mr. Stark, and we shall speak more on the matter later.”
“Wanda,” Vision says, and ignores the way Tony stiffens in his arms, “perhaps it’s time for you to retire for the night.”
“Okay, that’s enough, I’ve had it, come here, Cap,” he says. If Tony expected Steve to look surprised, he was wrong. Steve scoots closer, to the middle seat of the couch, and Tony tugs on the collar of his shirt. “C’mon,” he coaxes.
Maybe he’s a little tightly wound and maybe there’s a headache building behind his eyes and down his neck and into his chest where headaches definitely shouldn’t be, and maybe he’s stayed up later than he logically should’ve if only by a couple hours, and maybe he’s even on his way to bed when he passes through the kitchen and sees Wanda there, sitting at the island.
“I think I’m gonna come with you,” he says, smiling. Then, lowering his voice, “Look. I’ll pinky promise to not be in the way, if that’s what it takes, but the Avengers use the buddy system. Who am I to break tradition?”
(“You can call me Peter, by the way,” Peter says. “If you want, that is. When we’re like—at the compound, of course. It’s still a—secret, generally speaking. But I figure if Mr. Stark trusts you guys then the least I can tell you is my name. It might be important someday, it usually seems to be eventu—”
Everyone files out in groups of two or three, some more reluctantly than others, but they’re all heading in the right direction. Tony watches them go until only he and Steve remain.
The words themselves make Tony grit his teeth, but the tone is neutral enough. He has to remind himself that Steve’s really trying to have a conversation here. Maybe Steve even gets where Tony’s coming from and just needs it mapped out like a combat plan. Communication. It’s a new concept for them, of course it’ll be a little clunky at first. Tony wills that to be the case.
“How much did you have to pay ‘em to sign, eh, Stark?” a man will say. Tony thinks they might’ve done business together at some point.
“Tell me?” Steve says, soft and gentle, like he knows how hard this is for Tony despite the fact that it shouldn’t be hard at all.
With a start, Tony feels someone’s eyes on him, and he turns to see Steve, eyebrows slightly raised. Not smiling, but not gritting his teeth either. He doesn’t know exactly what Steve means by it, but he translates it roughly to
Tony scoffs. He can't help but remember the pleading tone in Steve’s voice when he’d met Tony’s eyes in Siberia—
Of Bruce, in the weeks after the invasion, who would prod at Tony wherever he fell asleep in the lab, steering him to the couch and sighing like the most put-out man in all the world.
“Course. It’s about time for you to meet everyone out of combat, don’t you think? I do.” He pauses, nods to himself. “It’s decided. Happy’ll be in touch, let him know the next weekend you have free.”
“How long until you leave again?” Tony hisses, almost a whisper. Steve blinks hard, once, like a flinch. His lips press into a thin line, the expression he usually gets before he starts yelling, so Tony keeps talking, quickly. “Last time you took damn near the entire team. You really think it’s a good idea to make you integral to my ability to sleep?”
Steve sits there on the exam table, and he nods along with what the doctor says for the entire time he’s speaking. He doesn’t remember having dealt with this doctor before, and that’s good, that’s wonderful actually, because the doctor probably thinks he’s listening or going to take any of his advice. Steve knows how this works. No backflips, sparring, or jumping, and probably no showers until his back fixes itself. Not his first rodeo, after all.
“Tony?” Steve says, taking a step closer. Just a small step as he tries to catch Tony’s eye, and Tony blinks, breaks the spell. The humming is still there, but it really is far away. “Hey, To—”
“It’s because you spent years forcing hard rock on Jarvis’s poor ears,” Rhodey says with no small amount of satisfaction. Tony fakes offense and throws a pillow like a frisbee so it smacks Rhodey in the stomach. His aim’s never been bad by any stretch of the imagination, but over the past couple days it’s become something else altogether. Unfailing.
Steve breathes. He exhales a breath he feels like he’s been holding for months, but he breathes out too far and has to suck in another, and then he’s almost coughing. Get ahold of yourself, he thinks. Breathe, just breathe, it’s—
But Tony’s already doubled over, vomiting onto the ground between his sneakers. He has enough sense to hold the phone away from his face while he pukes, down by his hip. He spits when he’s done (whatever, he’s going to have to clean the floor anyway), moves the phone back to his ear, and stumbles a couple steps back from the mess.
“The sooner we start,” Sam says, “the sooner we can scatter.” He nods his head in Tony’s direction, and prompts him with a, “What’s up?”
Steve doesn’t laugh at him, exactly, though he does continue on with his days unhampered by any kind of anxiety, rolling along with the same confident optimism that’s at times felt suspiciously like not being taken seriously.
So, not brotherly feelings. There’s an endless, terrifying potential there, though. The passion’s obviously there already; you don’t start a quote-unquote “war” with someone unless you feel a lot for them, a lot and powerfully. There’s understanding, too. The things that had always felt like a compromise with Pepper, those are things that Steve does everyday too, because they’re wired the same and they get it. That’s not anything against Pepper, of course. She’s just too good. She’s seen the ugliest parts of humanity, but she’s never been one of them. For how purely good Steve is, there’s a violence in his blood, the same need to fight that pumps through Tony’s heart, that keeps him alive, day after day.
“That asshole!” Tony says. “I’ve been looking for the ‘green in the blue’ of your eyes for months now. Jesus Christ,” Tony leans in again, just to confirm. “He was just being
“Well maybe if his good friend floats the idea right after his pissed-off teammate screamed it in his face, maybe we’ll get lucky and something will sink in.”
“Thor, it’s good to, y’know. See you,” Tony says. “And thanks for showing up and saving all our asses.”
He slips on his oldest, rattiest pair of tennis shoes and makes himself stride out the door without looking back at the tempting void of reality that is his bed.
“I think you’re right,” Wanda says, after a moment. She still looks conflicted and distinctly uncomfortable, but Tony doesn’t think dragging it out anymore is going to do her any good.
Of Clint, who seemed to be the only one who could tell that time Tony fell asleep in the armor after a six hour battle in lower Manhattan and covered for him to Fury during the debrief. The way he’d smirked afterwards, telling Tony about it, and the way Tony didn’t realize until the next day that Clint had gone all the way back to the Tower with him, talking and joking, encouraging Tony to let JARVIS pilot the armor back instead of flying it himself.
“You keep saying that,” Steve says, still just as sad but with a raised eyebrow. Part of it grates on Tony, but mostly it reassures him that he’s not fucking up this whole communication thing too badly. There’s an edge to his voice now, pushing, demanding, but not necessarily angry.
“About to collect some serious money from Fury, that’s what,” she says, not even looking at him. Steve grunts, tightens his grip around Tony, and stretches one foot out. Tony rolls his head around to look up at him.
bounces off the armor, singeing it slightly, and ricochets into Carnegie’s lit overhangs. Sparks fly and the overhang dips ominously.
It’s Sam who comes through the door, and Tony feels like he should’ve been able to tell. Even in the compound, there aren’t many people who would choose the stairs over the elevator at this hour.
“I know,” Steve says, quieter, less happy. He glances at Tony quickly before looking back at the trees. “I’m sorry it’s had to be you this entire time.”
“Hey, Steve,” Tony says, and feels only a little like an idiot. Sam’s straightened up to talk to Clint, and somehow Tony doesn’t feel like Thor will judge him for this. “Med’s on their way. You’re gonna be fine.”
The doctor’s mouth thins into a pale line as he looks Tony up and down. After a tense moment, he holds out his fist, pinky finger extended. Feeling his eyebrows pull together even as he keeps the smile in place, Tony reaches out and—pinky promises.
Tony passes his hand over his mouth, wishing desperately he could stop putting that look on her face.
He remembers, simultaneously, the warmth of coming to awareness wedged between Steve and the couch back, and the absolute zero leaking from his own mouth, into his own blood, the air around them as he’d hissed,
“If I have to.” Sam straightens up enough to shrug. “There’s nothin’ to worry about, man.” He steps back into the elevator.
It’s a reassurance, though, that Tony’s not the only one a little invested here, not the only one taking a series of tiny leaps of faith, hoping he’s not getting it wrong.
“The idea,” Vision says, “is to have someone you can talk through difficulties with, without the pressure of them being directly involved in any of your personal choices. An unbiased view, so to speak.”
“I’m sorry,” Bruce says, and he looks a little out of it, the way he always does after shrinking down. Part of Steve wants to ask about that comment, but most of him doesn't want to touch it with a ten foot pole.
is Steve’s immediate reply. Tony just stares at it, and then he stares at it some more. Tony wouldn’t love to. In fact, the idea of meeting up specifically to talk fills him with absolute dread. Then again, so does the idea of never talking to Steve again. And the idea of continuing like this, faking friendship until it’s real for fleeting moments just to feel it all shatter all over again? He can’t do that.
“No,” Tony says quietly. He’s so tired and he wants and Steve's making offers he could never follow through on, not even if he really does mean it now. And Steve just smiles at him, sad and reassuring.
a million thanks to everyone still reading this! comments are what keep me going and give me the motivation/life to keep on writing, so any&all are appreciated.
The feeling of Steve’s laughter underneath Tony’s fingertips feels like a wholly different kind of karmic retribution. He settles back into the couch feeling at home for the first time since…at least before Ultron.
The real kicker is that he can still hurt over it so much, even if he gets that Steve was just a mess then, that he phrased everything wrong that day—it still hurts like an intentional blow.
“I don’t think you want me in a room filled with lawyers for anyone’s sake,” Steve admits, no longer quiet. Tony’s mixing in his sugar but lets out a laugh, too loud to be only polite.
sorry about the shorter chapter, but a break anywhere else would've been incredibly awkward, and i'm trying to get ahead a little so i don't stress myself out over the next month while i move and start classes again
“No can do, Stark,” Steve says. “We should be done with this by tomorrow. We can even fly back to New York together.”
Tony lowers himself to the floor, down on his shoulder blades and then swings his feet around until he’s lying parallel to the couch. Steve just sends back a
And Natasha, because she’s still Natasha, doesn’t knock. Despite never having been here before and a complete lack of access to the blueprints, she just waltzes on into his house. He wants to blame FRIDAY, but seeing as he’s been dragging his feet in inviting his girl in, it’s pretty impossible for her to have unlocked the doors.
Tony feels a rush of emotion equal parts guilt, irritation, and fondness. Only a fool as big as Rhodey would do something like put Tony’s health over his own, and only Rhodey would be forward enough with him to put it like that.
Tony sighs heavily, and figures he might not actually get out of this conversation with some flowery bullshit.
“No immediately obvious fractures of the spinal cord or neck,” FRIDAY says after a moment. “I wouldn’t recommend moving him until paramedics arrive.”
Steve, unfortunately, rejects the casual tone Tony had set and proceeds to look nothing short of mortified.
i will say i'm very glad i got ahead in my writing bc this last week has been so chaotic i've hardly had time to sleep, let alone write
“Heading up to the farm for a day trip,” he says, looking down at his own feet for a second. When he looks back up, his smile is bittersweet. “Laura’s not ready to take me back, but she’s ready to let me see my kids again.”
The kicker is that the nanites can’t remotely interface with other systems. Tony doesn’t want to become hackable. So, while the microscopic bots are programable, they have to be removed, each manually tweaked, and then reinserted. And the process would be much less gross if he were talking about machines instead of his own body. Ugh.
Tony does open the door to the lab eventually, because obviously he doesn’t die down there, but he doesn’t come up for air until he’s talked himself down almost entirely. Because, okay, things got bad for a while there. It wouldn’t even be out of bounds to say they slowly fell to pieces over the course of a couple years. The lines were in the sand long before the Accords hit the table in front of them.
By the time he brought Iron Man into existence, he was, if not a healthy adult, then at least a passably functional one. Or, one who could cope reasonably well enough for a few hours if he needed to pass as one. If nothing else, today he has to be able to show up and hold eye contact.
So he turns all the lights down by 20% and sketches out a plan for FRIDAY to follow if Tony were to go berserk. The buzzing settles into his skin until he’s resigned to it as his new normal, his body being just as hyperaware as his brain, and it makes him wish for a drink.
“I—know,” Tony says, and for the first time, his breath catches on the lie. Because the whole point is that he doesn’t know, that his doubts run rampant until they tear him to pieces and rearrange him into some cornered animal.
“I really don’t think that’s fair, sir,” He says, and if he weren’t so sensible and respectable, it’d almost sound like he was cursing out the reporter. Steve gets this heated, patriotic-looking expression, face hot, “You see, I chose Stark because he’s a hero. Sure, he’s unconventional, and maybe he’s dangerous. But at least he’s doing something. I’ve seen it in action, he doesn’t do what he does for money or recognition, he does it for the people. It’s incredible and deserves to be recognized. In fact, I don’t think it’s controversial at all,” He clears his throat meaningfully, an inch away from being a threat, “Do you think so?”
Steve seems surprised that Tony questions his presence at all, his mouth morphing into this tiny little ‘o’ shape, but then he’d been so quiet standing there that Tony had assumed he’d left.
The theme for this year’s Met is fitting. Power, Strength, Functionality, and Fashion: Superheroes Today, Tomorrow, and Yesterday. The theme was quite literally made for Tony, a bona fide hero himself. He’s fated to stand out stunningly with a theme like that, and Steve certainly delivers.
When Tony arrives at Steve’s office, the atmosphere is thick and chaotic to say the least. Junior designers and interns rush frantically with coffees and long spools of fabric alike. There’s phones ringing and voices calling out. Tony swears he hears somebody at the opposite end of the hallway shout eureka. He’s reminded once again how unlike California New York really is: all bustle and holler whereas the west coast is about kicking back with your ankles crossed and serene palm trees swaying against the ocean breeze.
“But I-“ He takes a deep breath. In that moment, Steve couldn’t have recited his stump speech even if he had the words printed on a huge, glowing teleprompter six feet away from him, “I have these feelings and it’s great, but then I think about what you would say. Or Bucky or Sam. How if I act on anything that I feel, it’s jeopardizing the campaign. And so many people have thrown themselves into this for me, Nat. So many people have devoted the past 18 months of their life to me. I can’t let them down just because I have a crush. And- and I always think what you would say. How he’s a donor. How- I can’t. And Nat, I can’t. I can’t have feelings like this, not now. We’re so close.”
He’s pulling his sweat pants on over his hips, has all but collapsed onto his bed, when there’s a knock at his door. Steve doesn’t even have the mental capacity to wonder who it is, just shuffles zombie-like toward the door.
“I, uh- look. This campaign,” He waves meaningfully at the tiny American flag pinned to his lapel and then to the bustling world of people moving around them, “It kinda takes precedence over everything else right now. And you’re a really important person, not just because you have money, but because your name means something in this world. Your influence is amazing. The things you can do with just a word-“ Steve pauses. He’s rambling, he knows. He’s breathless, “Your support means a lot to me. I don’t want to mess that up by- by being me.”
Bruce Banner is the helpful producer who has been giving Steve every word of advice he could possibly ask for since the moment he’d received the email informing him his product pitch would air on Shark Tank in November. Even Steve can tell that Bruce works insanely hard from the show, spending long hours at the studio, emailing potential entrepreneurs day in and day out, often weighed down by stacks of folders filled with product pitches. He thrives off of caffeine alone and he wouldn’t be able to make his hair look effectively brushed even if he walked around with a comb in his hand all day. Bruce was the one who had served the final word in convincing both Tony and Nat to sign on with the show.
“Just remember their names, and be yourself. You’ll be fine, Steve. Tell Pepper I’m sorry I couldn’t make it, and please tell Tony to go fuck himself for me. Man up, Rogers.”
Nat gets the urge to tell Steve to fix his smile the way he’s looking at Tony, but then again, nobody’s watching right now. She can let it slide. She’s glad to.
Steve immediately starts in on his pre-programmed rant about how his presidency would allow the economy to thrive, but the man in the suit obviously isn’t listening. With his mouth full, he carelessly cuts Steve off, grabbing a glass from a passing tray and waving it in Steve’s direction, “I think it’s all bullshit. She totally just likes you because you look hot in a suit.”
It’s much too late to be making near-delirious dates with beautiful people. The space behind his eyes aches, and he can still feel the alcohol from the party systematically lacing its way through his body like a boa constrictor on a mission, but he’s smiling with the phone to his ear.
“I hate all you,” He grumbles, throwing all his papers into a haphazard pile and standing up. He pushes the rest of his cereal at Nat, “I’m gonna go find Maria. She probably has something I can do that isn’t talking to you losers about my irrelevant love life.”
“I’m sorry. I-I don’t know what came over me,” He’s pulling his coat on before Tony’s able to get a word in edgewise. Steve doesn't care much to hear Tony’s meaningless scriptures of an echoing ‘
“Anna, dear, what color are we doing today?” He asks her as she leads on with two hands full of tiny glass bottles of colored polish.
Tony, unsurprisingly, does the opposite and shows up thirty minutes later. This was expected, the two men to be on completely different schedules, as if they lived in different time zones altogether. They’re opposites, diametrically opposed, always one without the other: heads and tails, dog and cat, the sun and the moon. They revolve around opposing ellipses, singular orbits that intercross at one blissful point every 300 years. The logical part of Steve’s brain gathered these clues and knew from the start that they were doomed. The dominant part of Steve’s brain, however, the romantic, emotional, ever-so-in-love-with-stupid-Tony-Stark part of his brain dove headfirst into the relationship and got split in two when it shattered into a million pieces.
Nat looks Steve right in the eyes, like the asshole she totally is, and says, “Stevie’s got a crush.”
“Uh, no? Sorry. Or, Well- Yeah. Pepper gets mad when I do that. Sorry. It’s not a disrespectful thing. Promise. It’s just so easy to get patched into-“
“I heard that,” Tony says quickly as Steve approaches. His indignant frown somehow impossibly morphs into a smile.
Steve whips the hose once so that the winding cord ripples along the backyard, and he grips the nozzle of the pressure washer like a fully automated SHIELD weapon and not a mere backyard tool. He looks completely serious, and he grins.
However, as Tony reaches the end of the line, he looks back and finds that Steve’s got four more crews to talk to. He seems to be stuck on the third one in, brow furrowed and his cheeks reddening hotly.
They fall into silence, a close lipped smile still touching the corners of Steve’s lips, as they enter the main exhibit. Heroes’ costumes from all times are displayed under dazzling lights, draped proudly on mannequins. They’re silent the whole way through.
Until you’ve walked a red carpet, there’s no way to describe the cacophony of noise you’re met with.
Then there’s Natasha Romanoff. She’s the most quiet on the panel, but her looks mean more than any of the terse sentences she parses out. Nat is often the one that entrepreneurs are most afraid to face. Shark tank legend denotes that an entrepreneur can tell when she’s in/out based on a single eyebrow raise, though nobody’s mastered the specifics. nat has a monopoly on real estate along the whole western coast, though not many people so much as know her name. Her net worth has never actually been confirmed. The producers had asked her to appear on the show mostly as a joke, but then she surprised everybody involved and agreed to do it, never actually confirming why she said yes. When an up-and-coming entrepreneur is invited on the show, they inevitably find a terrifyingly bare wikipedia page titled Natasha Romanoff: real estate mogul, Shark Tank; a startlingly preview to what it’s like to meet her in person.
“Can’t wait to start working with you, Steve,” Tony says into his new business partner’s ear, and Steve realizes he can’t either. He’s ecstatic that he made a deal at all, let alone with Tony Stark, “We’re gonna do great things together.”
They’re shielded against the crowd by a 2 foot recess between the busy sidewalk and the cool, silver plated side of the building.
Steve can’t help but crack a laugh, feel the stones start to break away as his body is chiseled suddenly back into reality, “Nat, I’m totally telling Bucky you called him an asshole.”
Steve chances a glance behind Tony. Following directions is about as much coherency as his brain can manage after that, “Actually, no,” He doesn’t mean to sound as surprised as he does, “He isn't.”
28 minutes and a nice coffee lunch later, Nat and Pepper return to the private dining room. When they open the door, they find Steve and Tony sitting on the farthest end of the long banquet-style table, talking quietly to one another.
She closes the door behind him, and follows Steve farther into the room with a sigh. He doesn’t seem to notice her bare feet or the loose sweatpants she wears with the braless black cami. He’s already started pacing, tossing a silver pen between his hands.
Dylan turns on his heel and effortlessly leads Steve through a complex, bustling minefield of tables to a secluded booth in the back. Steve has to rotate his body carefully to fit between the skinny space between tables, but he manages to miraculously keep up with Dylan. Steve almost considers cracking a joke, mentioning Theseus and the Minotaur and this weird labyrinth of furniture, but instead he just smiles at the young waiter, and sits down quickly.
Steve has a firm grip on a long shovel, which he shoves hard under the mound of mulch, pulls out a large pile, and dumps smoothly around the nearest flower bed.
Steve can practically hear the lack of subtlety leave Sam and Bucky’s bodies as they physically lean toward Steve and Nat’s row to eavesdrop. Steve rolls a VOTE 4 ROGERS button between his fingers. He determinedly ignores the pair of eavesdroppers two rows back.
Steve’s opening the door for Tony as they find their way back to their previous table when Tony groans audibly. Steve cocks an eyebrow in his direction, curious and ever amused.
It’s a ridiculous excuse, even bumbling Steve Rogers can tell, and he feels his grin grow. He taps his toe against the equally beige baseboard, points his smile at his feet as he keeps his phone tucked close against his ear.
“Props to you,” Clint says, leaning back in his chair and crossing his legs with a sloppy grin, “That’s got to be one of the best pitches we’ve had. I mean, you made Stark over there speechless and he never shuts the hell up.”
It’s not the headache that’s getting to him, but he doesn’t know how to explain that without sounding like an immature teenager with an out-of-control crush. Presidential candidates do not sound like they have out-of-control crushes, let alone actually have them, so he fidgets with his tie even though it’s already perfect.
“That?” Pepper raises an eyebrow and points almost meanly at the magazine between them, “It’s funny. I was gonna ask the same thing.”
It’s ridiculous of them, standing at the side of their house. Their neighbor’s nearest facing wall is less than twenty feet away, there’s a window to their new neighbors’ house not three feet above their heads, and there’s a direct line of sight of the pair of them from the cul de sac. Tony plants another kiss on Steve’s lips anyway. Maybe the whole domesticity thing isn’t the worst thing in the world.
“I want to talk about the breakup. There’s some things we never really talked about. Publicity stuff, things like that. We need to tie a couple things up.”
It’s 2am after another long day, and Nat has conceded that her empty stomach is going to have to be okay with an overpriced water bottle from the hotel mini fridge and a bag of nuts she had stashed in her purse after the last commercial flight she had taken. Nothing in this butthole-of-nowhere town is open at this hour, so it’ll just have to do. She collapses onto her bed, peanuts in one hand and the tv remote in the other, and she turns on the news before feeling herself drift toward sleep.
“Tony.” Steve says so immediately it’s almost like the word was just waiting in his throat, ready to pounce. He almost instantly doesn’t feel nauseous anymore, “I mean, Mr stark, I would love to take your deal.”
He’s got more important things to do. Superhero things to do. Arguing with the media things to do. Running a multi-billion dollar company things to do. He forgets to tell Pepper immediately (he has to tell Pepper absolutely anything he wants to remember or he will 100% forget it. Contrary to Tony, her mind is like a Stark-related steel trap, compartmentalized and color coded). The whole deal fades out of his brain for awhile. Distracted by laying in the sun and the sweet feel of tangerine popsicles on his tongue.
Steve’s shoveling cereal into his mouth in the hotel lounge the next morning, three newspapers splayed out in front of him, when a phone is slid across his table, a miniature paperweight on top of his reading material begging for his attention.
And just like that, Tony hangs up on the greatest fashion designer of his generation. He wants a popsicle anyway.
Steve can't help it, he snorts with quiet laughter, “And by your people you mean just Pepper, right?”
He reminds himself about the election. He hears Nat’s voice in his head telling him a million things about professionalism and saving face. Imaginary Nat scrolls through her tablet and reads off polling data to him. As enamored as he may be with Tony Stark, this guy’s still a donor, a supporter, a political entity. He can’t lose sight of that.
In one swift movement Tony reaches across the table and grabs gently at Steve’s collar, pulling Steve’s face to meet his as they linger over the bread basket, and pressing a not-so-chaste kiss to his date’s lips. In front of the whole world and their camera phones to witness.
Tony leans against the house and watches as Steve hauls one huge arm up and pulls at a heavy latch on the back of the truck. The back falls down with a crash, and a large tarpfull of mulch spills out of it. Steve immediately gets to work transferring the dirt onto their long driveway.
Tony’s sunbathing on the landing pad of his Malibu mansion, stretched out over a striped towel laid across a white lounge chair, sunglasses perforating a tan line around his temples as his phone blasts AC/DC from beneath his chair, when his phone rings.
“Oh, you should definitely call him. I already thanked him, but you should call him. Personally. Tell him how very grateful you are.”
“Hey,” Tony says, voice soft, leaning against the frame of the open sliding glass door, “What’re you doing?”
Tony’s cracking up, and then of fucking course Steve spots the beautiful woman in the black dress approaching them. Fan-fucking tastic.
He’s late, of course. And alone. But mostly late, arriving with dark tinted sunglasses and a nicely tailored blazer over a closely striped tee shirt. He looks tanner than Steve remembers, and completely at ease stepping off the hot New York sidewalk into the fiercely air conditioned restaurant. Steve watches as Tony’s gaze seemingly carelessly sweeps the room.
When Steve steps into the shark tank, half a dozen human-sized cameras rotating around him like hammerheads leading him to his doom, the most terrifying, unprecedented thing that could possibly happen happens.
Tony looks back at the door. He’s used to Pepper being the only redhead who can proverbially grab him by the ankles and flip his world inside out in a single moment like that. His eyes dart back to Steve. He falls into the nearest chair, crosses one leg over the other, and tries to regain his typical casual equilibrium.
“Tony?” Steve demands as he picks up on the first ring. The way he snaps so immediately and aggressively is unintentional. His heart couldn’t stop beating the moment he read the caller ID. Tony misinterprets it as harsh, instantaneous disdain, “What do you want?”
Steve hauls Tony up in his arms and carries his cursing husband into the house bridal style. It’s ridiculous.
But Steve is smart enough to know that Tony doesn’t miss him back. Tony brings female suitors to that old townhouse all the time (the names are almost always in some magazine the next day, Steve can hardly avoid it), he makes million dollar deals, and drives Lambourghinis to the Hamptons. Most importantly, Steve knows that Tony doesn’t ever think about him (Steve doesn’t blame him, not when he has all that despite some guy hanging off his arm who is deceptively old and sometimes secretly good at art), so any point about exploring these soft, melting, world-ending feelings tucked in the impenetrable folds of Steve’s heart are utterly pointless.
Steve stands to greet Tony, who is lead back to Steve’s secluded booth by the infamous Dylan. Tony somehow has the historically apathetic host smiling with a blush high on his cheek.
“I mean, I lived in Brooklyn for most of my life. And then I didn’t really have anywhere but a cot when I was in the war. And then I came out of the ice, and there was so much stuff, but almost none of it was really mine. And since we’ve moved out here it’s like, I don’t know, I’ve never had anything like this. I wanted to try the handyman, homeowner thing for a bit.”
Nat honest-to-god giggles beside Steve as they approach the gathering in the ballroom with the most critical mass. It’s almost a terrifying noise coming from the woman who could probably politically destroy half of the sitting Congress with a single email if she wanted to. She nudges him in his side and hides a smile as they approach another donor, “Somebody’s got a crush.”
Steve finds himself smiling, “Y’know, now that I think about it, Nat said to tell you something. She said to tell
She continues to laugh, muttering just under her breath so only the sharks can hear her, “Oh my god he’s like the painted picture of your type, oh my god.”
The door shut discreetly behind him. Tony whistles, “Nice place, Stevie. Not bad at all,” He pokes at a precious artifact, something leftover from JFK’s days in office, and he turns to grin at Steve, “I might’ve made a couple different interior design decisions myself, but you’ve done pretty well for yourself if I may say so.”
“Uh, nothing,” Tony says as the monster makes a swipe at him. He uses the attack to his advantage, swinging himself around the offensive arm a couple times and taking out the one adjacent to it, “What’s up, Rogers?”
Steve shrugs, “I know, Tony. I’m sure your version would be amazing, but I just wanted to try this one, okay?”
He’s trying to hurry them along, inch toward the large double doors leading into the museum. He heard that somewhere beyond the exhibit there was food, delicious food. He rushes the last interview.
Steve just nods, and gets out of there as fast as he can. He’s gonna get the bubbly, happy feeling out of his stomach if he has to force it out with a crowbar and half a million handshakes with strangers. And with that, he decides to throw himself into his work.
Steve shakes his head at himself, feeling stupid and cloudy-headed, “Uh, yeah, great,” He murmurs, as it hits him that he has no clue what exactly everything means, but it’s too late now.
Nat passes out four identical champagne glasses among their top campaign staff, “We did it, boys,” She says, grinning, “Cheers to President Rogers.”
Steve immediately regrets it when Tony smiles again and Steve effectively melts, his brain useless. He misses being able to kiss that smile right off Tony’s face, misses feeling that smile against his bare stomach in the morning, misses looking out over the breakfast table to see that smile following him. Steve misses Tony.
In November when the episode airs, Tony and Nat are doing their weekly watch party, just the two of them, popcorn, and copious amounts of alcohol as they lounge on Tony’s luxurious couch in malibu. Tony hadn’t said it outright, but Nat knew he was more excited for this episode than most.
Steve can’t help but grin. He hopes desperately nobody comes out to follow him and demand a better speech.
Steve doesn’t notice that Tony’s standing there watching until he’s waving the driver goodbye and watching the dumpster turn off their street. He breaks out into a smile on sight.
It’s not until they’ve been standing there for several minutes that Tony realizes Steve’s hands are vaguely sticky.
Tony’s half-distracted fighting the Loch Ness monster on steroids, but he manages to patch together the forgotten touch-memory of a sweating water bottle and a hot, striped towel laid out beneath his thighs, “Steve Rogers?”
“Okay,” Steve says, nodding anxiously down at the piece of paper that he had scribbled the name of the place on, ”I’ll see you there. And uh, Tony?”
Steve doesn’t miss the way that Tony’s eyes dart to Steve’s arms when she says the word sex. Steve thinks of the faceless Pepper, of the way that Tony had nonchalantly complimented his ass. He feels his cheeks get hot.
Steve tries to shut the door, fast and quick, like a drawbridge shutting on the high tide of emotions rising fast through his body. Tony reaches out an arm and stops it.
. Steve thinks, somewhere in the back or his mind, the part not completely distracted by the way Tony’s lips feel on his, that there are at least two tabloid offices that would love to see their little spectacle located in the skyscraper towering over them.
Instead, Tony cracks a smile, “I mean, c’mon, babe. Knowing I’m up in the east wing waiting for you would drive you crazy. You’d never get a thing done down here.”
He asks a couple volunteers that he knows she has a rapport with, tries to see past the knowing grin that Bucky gives him, and eventually is led back to the hotel.
They watch as the pen tumbles all the way to the ground. Steve has to stoop awkwardly to reach it, his chin on the table and his fingers stretching out as far as they can.
“Oh my god,” she wheezes- while the others occasionally will laugh at an outlandish valuation, Nat has always stayed straight faced, never once laughing on camera. Now, it’s like looking into the laughing eyes of a fire-breathing dragon, “Oh my god, Tony you’re gonna have a field day with this one.”
Tony hums noncommittally to himself, reaches beneath his chair and bats around blindly for his water bottle. He squints into the sun, feels a bead of sweat bleed from his hairline around to the base of his neck. He takes a long, cool suck of water.
“Mr Stark, every year select designers are permitted to choose who wears their designs to the met gala. I’m not interested in any models or instagram influencers, whatever counts as celebrities nowadays. I told Anna as soon as she told me the theme, that Iron Man’s my first choice.”
He holds his hands out like wilting leaves offered to the sun for one of the makeup artists to carefully paint his nails.
“Wh-what was that?” Steve says, sounding like an echo in an endless, bat infested cavern. His eyes refuse to move away from the soft pink of Tony’s lips.
Tony grins, and seriously considers doing something significantly less gentlemanly. Instead, he touches his palms together and tamps down on his urges, smiles instead, “Night, Rogers.”
Nat’s already dragging him across the room when Steve manages to wave back at Tony, “Great to meet you, Stark. Hope we can talk again soon!”
Tony’s quick cough is purposefully muffled, and there’s an obvious shuffling on his end, but he returns quickly, “Uh, yes. Steve Rogers. I remember.”
By the time Steve slips into the UP elevator, Nat, Sam, and Bucky are still sitting at their usual table staring in awe after the senator. Did they just witness a mental breakdown? Is that what one of those looks like? That’s what it felt like.
. These young volunteers really need to learn not to bother her after she’s gone to bed. She doesn’t need a whole lot of personal space, she’s adaptable, but fuck if some boundaries would be nice every once in awhile with these kids. Begrudgingly, she leaves her quote-unquote dinner on the bedside table and stalks across the room barefoot to answer the door, totally prepared to rip a new one into an overly-enthusiastic twenty-something.
Tony leans over and presses his face against the crook of Steve’s shoulder. He hums in response, the sound vibrating against Steve’s throat.
“I know you haven’t slept,” Natasha says, and Steve looks up from his tablet to observe how Natasha will force Tony to get some sleep this time.
“I’m fine,” Tony says, taking another sip from his coffee. As he wipes his mouth with the back of his hand, Natasha flicks Tony’s forehead. “Go lie down,” she says.
“Kiss me?” Tony asks sweetly, his eyes fluttering up from Steve’s lips to meet his yes. Steve feels a flush rise to his cheeks, and raises his hand to cradle the base of Tony’s skull. Steve takes a moment to look at Tony, to really, really look at him, before leaning in to press their lips together.
Steve’s head to his chest, keeping his head elevated. With his other hand, the one not carding through Steve’s hair, he’s pressing down on a hole in Steve’s stomach. He keeps touching Steve, his hand moving erratically from Steve’s hair, to his face, to his shoulder, his neck. When Natasha finally gets close enough, she can barely hear Tony whispering.
It’s another ungodly hour in the morning when Steve finds Tony working in the kitchen. When Tony sees him, he turns away and stifles a sniffle.
It seems to punch the air out of Tony. “See?” Tony says, regrouping and brushing it off with a laugh. “He’s enamored.”
Steve looks at him, then massages his temples. “I’m not going to let you leave in your socks. Come on. Have some water.”
and there is no need to attempt—he feels like something has shifted between them, and he doesn’t know how to fix it.
This is the first time Steve’s touched him there, Steve realizes, and pulls away quickly as if burned. Tony looks at him sharply, a question in his eyes.
“I was trying to show you,” Tony’s voice shifts, becomes softer, gentler. “I wanted to show you how much I care,” he says. “I’m sorry if that didn’t come across.”
Tony turns to face Steve sharply, thrown by the question and by his tone. They stare at each other for a moment.
Beside him, Tony begins scrolling through his phone as he stuffs his mouth with rice. Gene Kelly and Donald O'Connor are dancing onscreen when Tony looks up and says, “pause,” and the movie stops. Before Steve can even make a noise of protest, Tony says: “How about we watch
“Steve can you please sit down and chill out,” Tony says, looking up at him. “Your nervous energy is harshing my mellow.”
Steve reaches up, fingers skimming Tony’s neck, before slowly unbuttoning his shirt. Tony huffs in response, kissing Steve again, again, again, and when Steve moves to unbutton the next—
“It’s been five years, Tones,” Rhodey says, rubbing his shoulder. “Guess we figured you’d be over it.”
The session ends with Janet telling them to go for a walk, giving them all time alone to talk about their “exercise in intimacy.” The irony isn’t lost on Steve.
Thor beams. “I am glad you enjoy it, friend Anthony!” he says, unscrewing his own flask and taking a long pull. Natasha eyes hers dubiously, and Clint smirks as he takes a sip from his own.
Steve stares back, taking every available second to drink in the sight of him. His shirt fits just right, enough to highlight the muscles of his tan arms, and Steve could look at him forever.
Tony had gotten home so late last night that he still feels a little drunk when he wakes up. He downs a glass of water and crawls into the shower, the world still spinning when he steps out, and digs around his closet. He curses himself for forgetting to have his laundry done, and reaches into the recesses of the cabinet in the hopes of something decent to wear.
“Excited?” Tony asks again. He relaxes onto the bed further, an easy smile on his lips—inviting, with just a hint of lewdness.
She decides, as Steve and Tony jostle over who does the dishes, that this is for further observation.
The music, playing from his phone speakers, is tinny and small compared to the speakers installed in the rest of the tower. It’s only by a little, but it’s enough for Steve to notice the difference in quality. Steve thinks of maybe telling Tony this, but realizes that the tower will constantly be blasted by music as Tony figures out the solution (so, maybe not tell Tony).
They fall clumsily onto the bed, and Tony pulls away, both hands firmly on Steve’s chest. He looks down at Steve and Steve is momentarily breathless at the sight: Tony’s pupils are blown, his hair dishevelled, his lips pink. Steve reaches up and touches Tony’s face.
“Steve—I’m sorry about earlier. And the night before. And a whole shit ton of things. And for writing on your notebook, too, I guess. I should just send you an email.”
There’s a glint in Tony’s eye when he says, “Oh really? You want me to be gross? Want me to talk about how I dreamt about you, or thought about you all the time?”
Steve buries his face in Tony’s chest again as he feels a blush rise to his cheeks. “So you did see my sketches,” he says.
Steve wakes up and keeps his eyes closed as he takes in his surroundings. It’s a habit formed from the war, and Steve relaxes as he concludes that he’s in a hospital or something similar. Steve opens his eyes to confirm, and they land immediately upon a familiar shock of dark hair by his bedside.
. Arousal zings through Steve’s body, lighting up the tips of his fingers down to his toes. Tony moans, grinding his hips against Steve’s.
“Easy,” Tony says, patting Steve’s hand. “Wanna talk about—oh, I don’t know, what do you like doing when we’re not on missions?”
Tony slowly unbuttons his shirt, and Steve realizes he’s holding his breath. He gasps when Tony undoes the fourth, then the fifth, pulling at the hem to show his chest—and what’s embedded in it.
Tony presses his forehead against Steve’s. “Fuck,” he says. “I’m sorry,” he whispers, and Steve shuts his eyes. He hasn’t felt this way in a while, floaty and away from himself, but that’s how he feels just as tears begin to slide down his cheeks.
“If Howard did remake the serum, then how come there aren’t more… super soldiers?” Steve pauses at the phrase. It still feels strange to refer to people (himself) that way.
Tony raises an eyebrow at him. “I could be giving you the best head of your life, but you’re the one who wants to talk.”
They’re two drinks in before their dinner arrives, and Tony’s eyes are half-lidded with the beginnings of intoxication. Steve is along the same route.
So just like that, they’re kissing. It’s a very stiff kiss, not that Steve has much experience to go by, but they’re holding themselves away from each other and their lips are just pressed together, unmoving.
Clint, previously preoccupied with popping bubbles on his phone, turns his head up to the ceiling and says, “Hey JARVIS, play some Beatles for me, will you?”
The song ends, and then a new frenetic beat begins and picks up. Clint plucks the book out of Natasha’s hands, pulls her up to her feet, and begins to dance with her, laughing as they go. Tony is absentmindedly dancing along, and Bruce puts down his book to watch, smiling at them.
Steve enters the empty workshop and drags both hands down his face, annoyed at how hopeful he had previously felt. Maybe the universe wanted him to survive, wanted Bucky to survive, wanted them all to be alive, but it certainly never wanted Steve to get to talk to Tony properly.
is familiar, Tony needling at him and trying to get him to fight. But all the fight that’s left in Steve he’s conserving for HYDRA, for Bucky.
It’s things like this, when it’s people that matter to him (and Steve had stared wide-eyed at his reflection as he realized this while brushing his teeth:
Steve scratches the back of his neck, feeling incredibly shy. “Well, I don’t think it’ll happen again. Still, I’m sorry for being a bother.”
Steve takes a deep breath before he punches in his code for the workshop. As he enters, the volume of Tony’s music goes down considerably.
Tony’s hand is tight around the flask as he turns back to the door, pushes it open, and they part at the hallway.
Steve picks up the piece with a sharpened edge. He’s fine. He’s fine. He draws sharp lines on the pad, and silences all thought as he draws the skyline, a few years ago so glaringly unfamiliar, but now, he’s able to sketch it out without having to look up. Steve sharpens another pencil, and his phone pings with a message from Sam:
He had just finished his dissertation defense, and Steve had invited him over for the weekend to celebrate. Steve had prepared a picnic for lunch, and the spring air was cool as they lazed on the blanket and ate sandwiches.
Lying on those white sheets, the smell of antiseptic making Steve feel dizzy, he knows, deep in his bones, that he’d be dead before he ever stopped looking for his best friend.
Without even thinking about it, Steve knows it’s Tony. He knows all of them now, the way they walk, the sound of their steps on the concrete, the way they smell. It’s a mix of war and the serum: heightened senses and paranoia.
get to explain your way out of this,” Tony snaps, cutting him off. “Look. I get it, okay? I get that these are the guys that hurt Bucky, and you just want to find him.” Tony sighs, takes a deep breath, and exhales, before continuing. “But what you did back there, taking them all on unnecessarily—you and I both know that isn’t the way to find him.” Tony’s voice has softened considerably, and he’s fumbling absently with the hem of Steve’s blanket.
Tony sighs. “Look. It’s what’s in the plan!” He points at the paper, a bit rumpled now. He’s very helpfully highlighted the words:
Steve pushes himself up so Tony’s seated on his lap, their faces only a few inches away from each other. Steve worries at his lip. “Tony, what do
Steve looks at the city, wondering what he should say. It’s not a matter of not knowing where to begin, but struggling with the very idea of beginning at all; he doesn’t do this. Vulnerability has never been an option for him, for Steve Rogers, and later, for Captain America. He feels like the physical embodiment of the phrase “soldiering on.”
Then, of course, in keeping with the cosmic joke God insists on playing, that’s when they hear screams.
“We’re going to find him,” she says fiercely, grabbing Steve’s chin and forcing him to look at her. “Okay Steve?”
“Yeah. He just doesn’t seem all that bad.” Pepper rests her head on Tony’s shoulder, and Rhodey playfully tugs on her ponytail after she speaks.
I turned my head, just a little, just enough so there was only an inch between us. Then I felt Steve’s breath stutter to a stop.
, in a way that he hasn’t been in a long time—even in encounters that aren’t filmed. Steve keeps looking up at him, checking to see if he’s enjoying, and he’s unbearably gorgeous, and god, Tony could write sonnets about his mouth, his tongue, his eyes, the way his breath felt hot against Tony’s skin.
No one brings up how Tony had to pull Steve away when he was dangerously close to smashing the agent’s face in, shouting in Spanish about the asset.
Steve scoffs as he throws the cloth in the bin. “If anyone needs to hug out their issues, I think you’d be first in line.”
Tony is sitting across Steve, pointedly avoiding eye contact. There’s a tight set to his jaw, and Steve briefly considers saying something if only to ease that look off Tony’s face. He decides against it, because he’s the reason for the look in the first place.
Steve has to remember not to flex his hand, currently holding Tony’s. There’s nothing he can do to ground himself, to force himself to remember that this is an act.
“I know, why would they, right? But then again, looking at everything we have right now. What if they did?”
Steve always thought himself above begging. And maybe he was. But the more likely answer is that he just never felt the need to, at least until now.
Steve kisses Tony again, almost desperate, this time. “Is this about Bucky?” Tony sucks in a breath at the question, horrified at being discovered. Steve hums, then he runs one hand down Tony’s back, up his arm, down his side. A reminder of his presence. Tony is suddenly grateful for it.
Steve stands up from his chair, leans over, and pulls Tony close. Through the haze of it all—the swirling effects of liquor and drugs, the surprise, still, of Tony’s confessions—the real revelation comes in the way Tony’s lips feel against his, quiet as a promise.
“I love you,” Steve says, pressing kisses up Tony’s shoulder, then along his jaw. “Happy anniversary,” he adds, and when he sees Tony’s eyes flutter shut, he reaches up, grabs a fistful of cake, and mashes it against Tony’s face.
, he could have fucked me raw and I wouldn’t have said a word about it, but this—who had taught Steve Rogers about these signs of affection? It made my heart ache.
“Here, here,” Tony says, throwing the door open and pulling Steve inside. He slams Steve against the door, kissing him roughly. It seems like the privacy has unleashed something in Tony, who digs his fingernails into the skin of Steve’s shoulders, kisses Steve so deeply that he has to blink when Tony pulls away.
He’s shaking, his breath is shallow, but somehow he still has the strength to slam the door shut when he leaves. Steve turns to the corridor—
“It’s on your phone now, boss.” In front of him, a hologram materializes as well, displaying hundreds of photos, grainy and filtered, and copies of reports on sightings. Tony stands up, takes a step back and frowns some more. He opens his mouth a few times, borne of his need to verbalize even without anyone listening; he’s angry. He’s more shocked than angry, but the anger is there, low and simmering.
“Oh, no, that. Tell me about the suit!” Steve says, leaning forward. He’s never really learned much about it, other than the dossier he was handed all those months ago. Thankfully, this gets the conversation going: Tony talks about the latest upgrades, about aerodynamics, the repulsors. He lights up when he talks, and Steve can’t help grinning and nodding along as he listens. It’s a different side of Tony, and Steve can’t help but feel his heart swell, knowing that tonight, he’s seen two new parts of Tony.
Steve is wrapping up his story, and Tony, who had removed his jacket sometime earlier, now loosens his tie, and begins to roll up his sleeves. Steve’s eyes track the movement of Tony’s hands, and Steve only realizes he's stopped talking when Tony looks up at Steve from under his lashes, hand still on a partially rolled sleeve. “And then?” he prompts. Steve starts, then looks away, clearing his throat.
Tony’s eyes fly open, the anger now boiling over. “Oh is that it?” He asks sarcastically. “So you decided to use JARVIS—without
Steve snorts. “Join the club.” Despite his words, he wants to touch Tony so badly it feels like an ache, but it doesn’t feel very appropriate.
Tony’s head snaps to face Steve at the movement, and an emotion crosses his face too quickly for Steve to identify.
“My hero,” Tony sighs, resting his head on Steve’s chest. His breath is warm against Steve’s neck, and Steve tries to fight against the base instinct of cradling Tony closer, because now isn’t the time.
