of the thing that did it burying its muzzle in the wound to get to his guts. He sees Cas look over at him, and refocuses on Crowley. "Yeah, fat lotta good it'll do when I can't even
Dean thunks his forehead into Cas’s shoulder. “We’re being ordered around by a voyeuristic plant,” he groans, and Cas pets his hair. “Just so you know, this was
“Well I still think it’s a shitty plan,” Sam says mulishly, folding his arms. “He’s done a lot for us Dean, you said it yourself.”
Dean makes a quiet noise of appreciation for everything Cas is doing here, and stretches so he can press a kiss to the hollow of Cas's throat. And hey, since he's there, he dots a few more across the skin, nothing with an agenda, just there's skin right there under his mouth so he may as well kiss it. Cas's finger drags low, brushing behind his balls, then comes back up, touch a little firmer than before, a little surer.
"I am Destiny." He shifts his attention to Daniel. "Thank you brother, you may go."
"What were you calling him?" Sam asks, and she shrugs, making Iope wobble.
“You do know clothes have to come off for this to work, right?”
Tsalia nips at Vim’s throat and Vim just cants her head back, boneless and trusting. Tsalia shifts, rolls her over and pins her with a paw on her chest, and Vim twists her head to the side, white throat exposed. Tsalia swoops down and closes her jaws around it. Vim quivers like a live wire under her, and Dean twists to stare at them, then looks back to Cas, mouth set.
"Dean..."
as I was then.”
months pass. emmy learns to walk, then to run. her hair gets long enough to tie up into pigtails, which sam gets remarkably good at. he also has the longest hair, and emmy spends a week playing with it and tying it inexpertly into hairties and getting it hopelessly knotted and full of jelly and god knows what before sam agrees to letting dean cut it for him. emmy is fascinated, but also upset; she sifts the cut hair through her fingers sadly once it's done and dean has to prise it out her fingers. cas gains back some weight; his eyes brighten again and the dark circles disappear from under his eyes. he keeps a light beard though, and it makes him look weirdly hippyish, or maybe just stonerish, given the t-shirts and jeans he wears now. he's still distant though, drifting through the house like a ghost and spending a lot of time outside, apparently just studying the wrecks or sitting on top of them and gazing up at the sky.
"Good night, Adelaide," Cas adds formally as they leave, and she answers instinctively as one of them flicks off the light.
“And this is Cas. Cas, Bethany.”
“Bethany,” he says brightly, “we’ve been hearing about you for forever, it’s about damn time Sam brought you round.”
Then his phone rings.
Cas. He has to go get Cas. Cas will know what to do.
"It's just that I haven't seen Mr Larson's car move since last week, and he...isn't normally one to stay at home." She thins her lips, eye flicking meaningfully between them. "He...I don't think he'd stay at home unless he really really had to."
"I was under the impression there was nothing more to say," Cas says crisply. "I won't break my agreement with Crowley, and you feel you have to stop me because you can't abide it."
Next to him, Tsalia makes a throaty, approving noise, a cross between a growl and a purr, and yep, that’ll do it. She’s lying against the wall of the cabin, eyes half-lidded, as inscrutable as the her counterpart earlier, and Dean scrubs a hand through his hair, staring down at her. After a moment she lifts her eyes to his, one ear flicking in lieu of raising an eyebrow. He scowls, mouths
Cas slides across onto his lap, weight warm and heavy on his thighs, and Sam spans his hands across her waist and digs his thumbs in, presses them up along her spine and feels her melt, breath rushing out of her.
Crowley shrugs. "Why wouldn't I?
“I know,” Castiel says, sounding rather wretched and stroking her cheeks, and she butts her snout into his good shoulder affectionately.
Dean hums smugly against the skin, chasing the give and licking deep, and Cas is rocking his hips back towards Dean and down against the bed and biting out more Hebrew/Aramaic/Ancient Atlantean swears in between strings of “Dean”s, run together and desperate.
"Hook your feet behind my legs," Sam tells her softly, her hair curled around his hands and his fingers flexing against her scalp. He feels her feet curve against the backs of his calves and draws his legs apart, spreading her open. "Yeah, there you go."
am mature enough to be an Auror!"
The paper aeroplane found Dean just before he went into Charms, butting into his shoulder hard enough to crumple its nose.
“Freakin’ soulless bastard,” Dean mutters, then louder: “Iope, sweetheart, c’mere.”
it, and if he thinks about it too hard it'll be weird so he doesn't, but it doesn't feel screamingly wrong anymore. He wriggles against Cas's touch.
For a second Dean is torn - the dragons they see here are all for Dover, and they pass swiftly overhead and are gone in seconds. People say they’re dangerous, that they’ll eat anyone that gets close enough save their Captains, and surely an animal in pain would be more dangerous still...but he can’t just leave it there. The Aerial Corps are what keep England safe from the French, and Dean would be remiss if he didn’t try and offer aid where it was needed in turn.
that links back to demons or even some other monster, because otherwise there’s only one other alternative.
?” Dean sags against the wall, Cas’s hand the only thing holding him up. “You-
“There now dearest, I’m here,” he is saying, almost too soft to make out, “I’m here. I’m sorry, I should have come to you before bed, I should have made sure that you were alright, that you knew I was nearby-”
“Cas-!”
"Thank you."
The baby kicks again and Dee’s fingers close around his tight enough to hurt. It’s probably reacting to Dee’s stress, she should- “Hey,” Sam says, shaking their conjoined hands a little, “you have to calm down, there’s nothing we can do...”
“Okay.” Sam says, very evenly. “Okay, where are you hurt? What-?”
"Are you sure?" Cas asks, soft, and shifts like he's gonna make Dean meet his eyes. That would make all this far too real though, removing all plausible deniability that this is happening in some in-between dreamworld where he's just a body chasing sensations, so Dean stubbornly refuses to let him move.
She looks amused - or at least, her mouth curls. “Will you.” A sweep of her hand has Dean finally zooming free and slamming into the wall, the smack of his wrist against it making everything go to static for a moment. When he fights back to consciousness it’s to find he can’t move anything except his eyes; even his ribcage is stuck. He gasps in a few shallow breaths, and slants his eyes down to look at Emmy, who’s staring back at him.
“Yeah, well he’s got a nice shiny new daemon for that,” Dean snaps. “And Meg’ll keep him outta trouble, okay, she can’t do anything else. Mutually assured destruction.”
“That’s really not helping,” he tells her finally, voice thick, and she makes a low, pained noise.
. Dean's instinct is to wrap his legs around him and sink his hands into his hair and never let him go, but he's hampered by the jeans still round his thighs and Cas's twitchy dislike of hands in his hair, so all Dean can do is fist his hands in the sheets and arch into his mouth, try and press himself closer to the heat of it, the warmth, the rough drag of Cas's tongue and the low-level tug and pull as he sucks.
"Ah Bobby, always asking the hard-hitting questions. So I can do
It feels like a shockwave goes through him, a bomb blast that knocks him off his feet, hot like the desert and searing, blinding, washing through him like a firestorm that leaves nothing but ash behind. When he finally blinks the spots away and lifts a hand to run at his eyes - he
it starts when they find carvings and bags at the victim's houses, that they all have stuff (jewelery? spell knots/pouches?) from the same girl, but cas says it's purely protective, not malicious. "so, hex bag?" dean asks, rubbing through the material of the bag, and sam frowns down at the runes. "no, i don't think so. these are - I don't recognise all of them, but this one's for protection." does she also do tarot? like, asked what was happening and what to do, and the cards said knight of cups/swords (sam), knight of wands/king of cups (dean) and king of swords (cas), two of wands (earned sucess, partnership)/eight of swords (patience)/hierophant (faith, spiritual consolation); inverted justice (priest), inverted devil (angel), inverted moon (fear, highly charged emotions), ace of swords (misuse of power, destruction, injustice).
“No, no, it’s fine,” Castiel reassures her, despite the evidence of his sleep-rough voice and mussed hair, and she rustles her good wing.
." A second later, the hallway is empty, concrete floor stretching away into the distance, grey walls dripping water. It is almost like being back on Earth; Crowley has clearly made changes.
Cas's hand twists in his grasp, grabbing for his shirt like an anchor.
Dean tosses the towel up over the door to dry, shoves his feet into his boots and goes clattering down the stairs, ignoring Sam, who’s sprawled on the couch sniggering to himself. Freak.
Sam's gaint brow is scrunched in thought. "Okay, so what about foreign words?"
Dean blinks at him. “To turn people’s homes into farms?”
"Wow, so your milkshake brings all the monsters to the yard, huh?" Charlie asks, quirking an eyebrow as she takes a sip of her cocktail, umbrella threataning to fall out of her hair until she holds it in place.
Dean wheezes, struggling for breath and Tsalia winds herself around his legs, panting herself.
He keeps looking at Dean until there’s nothing to see, and he smiles.
Dean clears his throat, and the aviator startles, eyes snapping open. “Do you uh, want any help there? I’m- we’ve got medical supplies, for the animals, what do you-?”
Dean stumbles a little, then catches himself against the wall, still staring at him like he’s never seen him before. Cas... after everything he knows Dean did in Hell, everything he must have seen, he still just moseyed on down there and used all those broken, bleeding, desperate souls as, as what, a quick fix, a power snack? He closes his eyes, sickened at even the idea. His voice, though, comes out surprisingly calm. “You, uh. You should go, Cas. Sam or Bobby might come down.” Unspoken is the reminder that they’re no longer as tolerant or as willing to listen to him as Dean was.
"I don't-"
“Alright,” he says, pulling away and glaring at the mistletoe, which is now hovering several feet inside the door and projecting impatience. “Here it goes.” He closes his eyes, blocking out their floating audience, and press his lips to Cas’s.
(jen retaliating by stroking her toes up misha's leg under the table and getting her feet in her lap)
care!” Cas manages, wrenching himself away, wings bristling. “I’m a
all the teachers are the same except
"We're naming Cas's daemon," Dean says, and Sam blinks, processing this.
when Cas starts shifting again, slipping her hands back between her body and the couch cushions and tipping her head back with a huff of breath.
"Man's handy with a hammer and no mistake," Bobby agrees from behind them. "And unlike you two idjits, he don't assume bed and board means he gets to criticize my cooking."
Cas snorts, looking amused, and Dean stares at him. This dude is definitely nothing like the Cas he knows. “Uh, so how come you-?”
The knot’s pulled pretty tight, but never let it be said that Dean Winchester can’t get out of anything he got himself into, and eventually it comes free. Dean massages the reddened skin on his wrist and takes stock of the situation.
“You need to remember that he’s more than a hopped-up junkie!” she shoots back, tail lashing. “He
"she...she was cut off? like castiel was?" sam asks, and joshua nods. "so what, was she fallen? then how'd she just blast all those demons?"
"Good," Dean says, clapping a hand to his shoulder and squeezing briefly, still reveling a little in having finally found him. "Let's roll."
“Dude, he’s a
Cas's daemon is a
“Sam Winchester, the brains of the outfit as always.”
She wraps her hand around Cas’s dick and he shudders, bucking up, and she resettles herself and smirks down at him. Her thumb skates over the slick head before she really gets her hand back round him and strokes. He hisses out her name, head falling back against the seat, and she does it again. His hand curls tight across her thigh, fingers digging in every time she palms the head of his cock, and his whole body pushes greedily into it.
The chickens don’t look very scary either, but  the fact is there are now six birds hanging out in Bobby’s yard where three days ago there were none. Bobby seems to be ignoring them in the hope they’ll go away, but they seem pretty comfortable despite no one bothering to feed them or anything.
without thinking about-"
The angel wearing Mrs Graham is still watching Dean, but from where she’s standing the angle of his body hides both the small movements of his finger and the clenching of his arm to coax out a little more blood. He keeps his eyes on the floor, doing everything by touch and hoping like hell he’s right, only half-faking the fluttering of his eyelids and the hitches in his breathing as the pain in his arm comes and goes and the need to draw a proper deep breath becomes more and more persistent.
"What's his name?" Dean asks, nodding towards the daemons, and Cas huffs out a breath, closing the book around his finger to mark his place. Dean feels like they should get him some glasses, just so he could rub under them whenever they ask him apparently difficult questions like this. "C'mon dude, it's not a hard question."
Daniel inclines his head, mouth maybe quirking up a tiny bit, and promptly vanishes.
"He wouldn't be in your Heaven."
"Moses' staff, you said?"
“Can do!” Gabriel says from right behind him, snapping his fingers again, and Dean turns to glare at him and hopefully impress upon him that ever mentioning again that Dean maybe jumped at the sound of his voice and ended up almost standing on Cas's foot will result in his second death. The grass vanishes, along with both people and animals, and Bobby’s snaps back to gravel and old cars, not a green thing in sight.
It’s only when he passes the WELCOME TO SOUTH DAKOTA! sign and realises where he’s headed, instinctively and without conscious thought, and then he has to pull sloppily over (somewhere in the back of his head Dean tuts at him:
Dean snorts and takes a swig of beer. "Yeah, looks like that worked real well."
time passes. dean starts feeling kind of beat up, drained, and bobby tells sam that sounds like how he felt when cas soul-sucked him. they're maybe running out of time. dean, feeling particularly crappy but unable to sleep, curses cas out in a whisper and gets graced with his presence.
The bird-daemon clicks his beak, nipping at Cas’s thumb. “We didn’t
Mrs Greenburg chews at her tongue again, then finally says, "His wife must be
“Hey Sammy, I got you, it’s gonna be okay,” Dee is murmuring, and the world is tilting sideways and lurching like a spinning top or a traffic collision but
“No, hey,” Dean says, folding him back in because the kid looks like he’s- well, like he’s seen a ghost. “Just- shit must’ve been
, what- How could you-?”
"Is this going to be a problem?" Rufus asks, steely, leaning over the back of the chair, and Dean starts to shake his head.
Cas’s hand latches onto his shoulder, pulling him away from the Empty, shoving them both to the side. Dean’s back hits the wall and Cas hits him, and for one eternal second Cas’s mouth presses to Dean’s. The daemons crash into their legs, Emmanuel held in Tsalia’s jaws, and Dean’s eyes are open, shocked, so he sees the hungry black tendrils that fasten around Billie and smother her in shadow.
Benny's daemon Aesther was a
Dean manages to wrestle his shoulders free too, then wraps his arms around Tsalia’s neck and lets her pull him the rest of the way out, tugging her down and burying his face in her chest, murmuring “Tsalia” and “thought I’d never-” and “don’t you ever fuckin’ leave me again” into her fur while she wraps her limbs around him and revels in the life in him. Eventually they sit up and Dean cradles her head in his hands and looks her over, running gentle hands over the scar crossing her eye, the notches in her ears, the other scars hidden under her coat.
it, it’s kind of freaking out and I- it’s half-angel, what if it’s got grace, what if it’s being affected too?” Her voice catches, breaks, and she buries her face in his shoulder, breathes hot and fast enough for him to feel it through the layers.
Dean knows he had those things, even thinks he remembers them sometimes, but mostly what he remembers is the screaming, inhuman howl of his mother’s daemon from the nursery, his father shoving Sammy into his arms and telling him to go, his wolfhound-daemon Tristram herding Dean towards the stairs and the weird, stomach-twisting wrongness of her head butting against his back, urging him forward, while his own Tsalia darted ahead as a bird to show him the way, little body faltering and falling every time she and Dean felt Tristram’s touch.
"Motherfucker," Dean hisses eventually, knocking Cas's hand away because it feels like all his nerves are on fire and narrowing his eyes at him. "What did you do?"
“No,” he breathes against her mouth, absolute, and she has to kiss him again.
"Out.
. “What the fuck.”
, but Cas is already stooping and the next thing Dean knows Cas has got him round the waist, lifts him effortlessly up and bears him back towards the bed, dropping him unceremoniously and hard enough to bounce except Cas follows him down, fingers nimble on his fly.
“It’s already forgotten,” St Claire assures him seriously, looking up to make sure he catches Dean’s eyes. “You are hardly the first person I’ve met to have made such assumptions, though you have been one of the fastest to apologise for them.” He smiles slightly. “And call me Castiel, we are neither of us standing on ceremony.”
Dean shrugs. "So she's a traditionalist. Question is, who is she?"
"No," Daniel corrects, "he left because learned men began to question the world around them, to examine how matter is constructed and what it is made of, and with the discovery of the atom came the inevitable invention of the atom bomb."
In front of Sam, Cas is a dark silhouette, made bulky by her hoodie. He pushes it up past her ribs to get closer to her skin, rolls his thumbs in circles in the space between her ribcage and her hips and feels her arch forward to accommodate him, head bowing and little appreciative noises spilling from her mouth, humming in her chest.
“Cas?” Dean repeats stupidly, then looks around, expecting that rustle of wings right behind him. “He’s here? He’s- he got out?”
“Hey buddy. I got all your homework and stuff, so you don’t need to worry about that. Uh, cause I know you’re a freak like that. It’s nothin’ too hard, just another essay on Laverne de Montmorency and her creepy little fetish for Rohypnol-ing dudes, and some theory stuff for Turner on turning chairs into goats.”
"I was gonna be a little more tactful that that, but. Yeah."
The hand he extends over Cas’s injuries glows, warm like lamplight after a long day, and Tsalia’s stillness is a different kind now, as tense and furiously hopeful as Dean, her claws rasping out and catching on the chair arm, over and over like the beat of their hearts.
Emmy chews her lip, fingers curling over Dean’s collar at the back of his neck. “Okay.”
Their daemons are curled together now, Tsalia’s tail lashing and Vim’s teeth locked in her ruff, Tsalia shifting restlessly and pressing closer, closer, nuzzling into Vim’s chest as she shakes, shakes-
in there?”
Not a sickle, a scythe.
Dean grits his teeth. “Listen to me, you son of a bitch-”
Dean pulls Sam under by the ankle before he can ask anything more.
Dean stands and comes to hold the pad against the wound, fingertips brushing against warm skin. “Come here, I’ll do it,” he offers, taking the bandages from St Claire and looping them underneath his arm and across his shoulder and then down around his upper arm.
The next morning, there are three of them. Birds, that is, not trees. Though trees might have been better, since that would probably have meant there was some angry nature spirit or tree nymph or something, rather than a Hitchcock movie in the making. Not that pigeons are that scary.
"Dean," Cas says, low and amused, and Dean gets his hands all over him again just cause, Cas warm and solid and very definitely alive under his hands. "Are you going to take me home, or just molest me in public until you have to arrest yourself for indecency?"
"Which is why I won't linger, now that these two are here. Just a friendly warning, boys - the rest of my family take their roles very seriously, and you aren't necessarily their favourite people right now. And if you are, you probably don't want to be." He takes a step back and tips Bobby a salute. "I enjoyed working for you, Bobby Singer. And your cooking is truly delicious." He turns to Cas. "Have a care, Castiel. You cannot keep my brothers and sisters from what they seek, and you would be unwise to try."
“We’ll, uh, we’ll be out of your hair tomorrow,” he’d told Jody the day before as he helped her prepare supper, and she’d stopped chopping to turn and look at him, long and careful, and then nodded.
“No, I know,” Dean says softly, “but it is to me. And if he
that incident is too much though. sam knows what he saw, what he heard, and something is wrong with dean. he relays everything to bobby, who is also concerned, and they return to his.
“Send us an owl to let us know what house you’re in,” John said, clapping a hand to Dean’s shoulder, and Dean nodded, not quite trusting himself to speak, and pushed the trolley forward.
When Dean was alive, especially in his last year, he lived somewhat recklessly, and it takes longer than Castiel had anticipated to not only restore his organs but to improve and revitalise them. Muscles, ligaments and tendons come next, wrapping around bared bones, binding the body together, and skin follows. Marrow fills the hollow bones, gums plump up around teeth, and both eyelids swell outward as the eyeballs below are restored.
The brick wall melted away and instead he was facing a platform bustling with people, loud with voices and hoots and meows and wreathed in steam from the huge red train waiting to leave. Everyone seemed to know where they were going and what they were doing and to have family around them, and Dean bit back the brief surge of resentment that his dad was a Muggle and couldn’t be here, and the familiar sting of grief that his mom couldn’t see him now, and headed on up the platform, trolley wheels rattling.
"Is it gonna make me come?" Dean asks, too turned on to be less than blunt, and Cas nods, deliberate, stubble sparking at the nerves it slides over.
bobby and sam get there a few hours later, and cas wakes up in the middle of the night and scares the shit out of dean when he wakes up and finds cas staring at him and emmy (who's sleeping in with dean because there's no way he's letting her out of his sight tonight) from the doorway. cas is fine though, bar his new scars ("add them to the collection" dean tells him fondly, kissing one palm, and cas's fingers curl up against his cheek), and that is the last time anything of that nature happens.
A muscle twitches in Cas's jaw, eyes skittering away for a moment. "I told you. He's close to finding Purgatory, and all the souls within. And he's been...useful to me in the fight against Raphael."
Dean follows her mindlessly for he doesn't know how long, his whole world narrowed to her lithe dark shape walking patiently a few steps ahead of him, still carrying whatever the fuck that is in her mouth. Eventually they find a stream with a bush growing on the shore, and Dean crawls under it and passes out while Tsalia lies down outside, the stream at his back and his daemon guarding his front.
Cas’s eyes flick up, then down to Dean’s mouth. “It still seems like a very small present to have given you,” he objects, and Dean huffs a laugh.
(See the end of the chapter for
and Bobby avoids their eyes, scratches his head and adjusts his hat again, then looks right at them and says "He's in with me."
"Wait," Dean says, "'her'? Cause I distinctly remember that-"
'the old routine' also means that...weirdness between dean and cas, now less complicated by the whole 'oh, he's an angel' thing. cas still stands too close, stares too long and leans into dean when dean teaches him to shoot, and it's worse with emmy, especially when sam catches dean watching cas with her and jokes about telling her she has two daddies. dean tells him to shut the fuck up and shoves him hard enough to unbalance him, but it doesn't stop sam laughing or cas and emmy's scarily identical curious faces.
(I also suspect I named Garth's boyfriend Eddie after the possum twins in Ice Age, which he reminds me of /o\)
“I always thought God striking people down with lightning bolts was a myth,” Sam says, a touch awed. “Well, they’re not people, but.”
“Guess we know who he learned his table manners from too,” he says pointedly, and Dean smacks him in the side.
balthazar and his middle weight(?) grey copper would have turned up to convey cas and conesta back to dover, and then later dean would have wheedled his father into letting him accompany their next tithe of cows to the covert and gone to find cas again, and then they would've eventually got into a relationship complete with cas dirty-talking in french that i had totally looked up ahead of time. ah well
Misha: Yeah, I think that’s been kind of blown out the water. I thought- I mean, the future episode made it pretty clear he was, you know, having sex and doing drugs and all that fun stuff, but I guess that Cas was kind of different from the normal one. But there was the Meg kiss too! And the porn! And you know, it’s not like any of the other angels were keeping it in their pants either, and I think if you’re friends with Balthazar, sooner or later you’ll- he’ll get you into some vice or other.
He goes slithering down the wall, after, and Cas regards him with a certain amount of smugness, still kneeling all innocently in front him. “Guess you holy mojo’d the water, huh?”
“Smartass.”
then, when emmy's about six months old, it all goes quiet. crowley says something big's going down and for a few days emmy fusses, wide-eyed and restless, and then one day she just starts screaming and won't stop. she won't drink, she isn't hurt, she just clings to dean and sobs until she passes out, exhausted. clearly, something's happened to cas. they all huddle in the panic room, crowley with a pack of hellhounds outside the door (he used to just dislike cas being god; now he says he's grown fond of "the little mite" and they aren't complaining if it means he'll help), convinced that they're about to get deluged by angels and possibly demons without cas to protect them. they don't have to wait long before there the sound of smashing wood and three angels appear at the top of the stairs (..the weapons get them round the wards), but the hellhounds are pretty effective and sam and bobby finish them off once they get close enough. then it's demons, a solid cloud of writhing black smoke, and crowley curses inventively and grabs himself ruby's knife from sam's hand. "you've got the damn sword!" he snaps, and then they're pretty much just hacking and slashing. the hellhounds help, but dean's pretty sure they all die quite early on and then it's just them. he's loathe to leave emmy in her crib alone, but the room's warded to all fuck and the more demons he kills the less likely they are to find a weakness. they do though, sometime later when dean's arms are burning and all the cross-carved rounds are gone (the holy water was tipped over first thing), and there're demons clawing at his chest, trying to get to the protection tattoo so they can break it, and there's a horrible screeching snapping sound as the wall cracks, right through the iron, and the demons and angels pour past them into the room. dean spins round, terrified, throwing himself after them, but then emmy's sitting up and throwing out her arms, light gathering in her palms, and dean just has time to yell "ohfuckshutyoureyes!" before everything goes white.
[then one day joshua shows up and informs him that this is not on and restores his grace, and then cas and dean and sam go to meet up with anna and balthazar and gabriel and go up to heaven to try and reason with raphael. raphael basically laughs in their faces and sends a garrison of angels down to kill the rest of the hunters, stabs gabriel and cordons off the other angels, and gently kills sam and dean via a variety of horrific diseases, but their souls all go pouring into cas and the dead gabriel winks at him and suddenly he's got all this power and he and gabriel anihalate raphael, scourge the earth of croats and declare a ceasefire on the apocalypse. then joshua steps in and revives everyone and they all live happily ever after.]
They get out the car and he takes another breath, clean air faintly scented with pine needles, a little cooler now. “Hey Cas. Got your ears on?”
“Yes, but you’re fighting against-”
Dean trades a look with Sam and does his best to repress his grin.
“I knew that.”
dean holds emmy closer, and she curls her hand in his shirt like she knows what they're talking about. hell, it wouldn't surprise him if she did. damn freaky angels. yeah, sure, cas has done some crazy and fucked-up things, he said so himself, back when he was fighting raphael for control of heaven and stopping apocalypse II: electric bogaloo, and never mind the last 18 months, but dean's pretty sure god didn't want heaven run by a douche like raphael and he seemed to like cas, what with the always bringing him back from the dead and all. and what, it was all so cas could go a little nuts juiced up on souls and god could sweep back into heaven and sort shit out and look like he's some kind of saviour?
“Joshua,” Emmy says succinctly, looking up at him. “He waited, after you came in. He has great faith in you, Da.”
“Once again, blowjobs save lives,” Dean says, not bothering to hide his snickering, and some old business-type nearby looks like he’s about to have a heart attack. Dean beams at him over Cas’s shoulder, and gropes him a little for effect. The businessman scuttles away like a crab to find a rock to hide under.
“Can we maybe do this without any of the audience?” Dean asks, pulling away just enough to talk and gesturing at the silent band still playing and the silent couples still dancing away behind them. Now he looks, he can see that there are more guys then girls, so two dudes are dancing together and twirling each other enthusiastically.
“Jack didn’t just break down the barriers between heavens, Dean,” Bobby says patiently. “He broke down all the barriers, in every afterlife.”
“Of course I know.” Sam tips their foreheads together briefly. “Love you too.”
. Demon deals
“Your parents not there?” he asked, settling back into his seat, and Dean shook his head.
, let
"Cas," Dean says, voice cracking on it, "you bastard, how can you do this to us, we were home free. Saved the world, closed Hell, reorganised Heaven...we were gonna just chill for once, be a family. Go to Disneyland."
, you know.”
by the Fae. As if it wasn’t enough that you have demons and many of Raphael’s supporters after you.”
It's not safety, but it the closest they can get.
“Not when he’s hogging all the hot water!” Sam answers cheerfully. “C’mon dude, before I pull the fire alarm and you have to stand outside in a towel for two hours while they check the place over.”
“What happened to them, after they got banished?”
. Frankly, I'd almost be disappointed if it wasn't, except for the part where I hate them."
at the end of the year, a few ex-deatheaters sneak in and one called lilith corners dean along with the slytherin prefect alastair somewhere, but cas rescues him. unfortunately, cas’s grandmother was a veela and combined with magical dna it manifests itself in wings and hot hands when he’s feeling strong emotions and dean ends up with a burn on his shoulder that can’t be healed. they become friends though, and dean mellows out cas’s intense desire to be a prefect while cas helps dean get over his fear of flying. this brings dean into more contact with balthazar and gabriel, but they’re actually okay.
comes the thought, unbidden, and Sam tries to cast it away but it lingers.
"Yeah?" Dean asks, mostly for something to say, and Cas turns his head to the side so his words aren't lost in the pillow.
“Did either of you have a weird dream about Cas last night?” Dean asks as he wanders in the kitchen. Bobby snorts but doesn’t even bother looking up from his paper, and Sam scrunches his face into faux-disgust.
was the one who said that to
“I love you, you know,” Dean says, squeezing their fingers together. “Should say it, should’ve said it more.”
it, boy. Judgin' from the way those two look, I don't think I
Dean swallows, feels the movement of it under Cas's hands. "S'okay. Just..." Cas doesn't say anything, just tips his forehead against Dean's, then rolls over to the side. Dean tugs his pants back up, then mimicks him, leaving maybe a foot between them. "What about you?"
“Make me get up out my chair, boy,” Bobby grumbles, and then his big solid arms are wrapping around Dean and he’s abruptly back to being ten years old, warm and safe and loved.
Cas flexes his leg in Dean's grasp, and Dean drops his hand down onto the sheets and slides up over Cas again, nuzzling into the space between his wings, the soft place where smooth skin becomes tiny, impossibly soft feathers. Cas shudders, wings falling as open as he can get them and Dean smiles, knowing Cas can feel it, and drags his mouth down each emergent wing, tongue pressing into the skin and catching on the feathers. Cas arches demandingly up into it, breathing faster now and murmuring "Dean" like it means so much more.
- in which dean and cas move out, because bobby loves them but now they're no longer under imminent threat of doom and emmy's older, they should gtfo and find their own house and their own bed to have sex in. sam moves out too, but he goes to law school and rents a place down there.
"Dean," she says instantly, turning towards him, and Sam turns too, watching his brother watching Cas, lick unconsciously over his lower lip.
“So you chose to go into the
it's Sam who answers his snarled "
"But Cas said- I thought we weren't supposed to- Zachariah and Gabriel were always talking about fate, like it was predetermined, and I thought we changed it?"
Cas gives him a flat stare, then skulks over and jumps up onto the other end of the couch at Dean’s feet, sitting straight up like an Egyptian statue and curling his tail neatly round his legs. Dean shakes his head and turns his attention back to the TV, where some woman is standing in front of a graph and talking seriously about economic downturns and falling employment rates.
“Gabriel said it was traditional,” Cas says quietly, looking at Dean with that little half-smile and the particular kind of openness and affection Dean’s never seen him direct at anyone else.
“Every demon in Hell’ll be in
“Conesta? Conesta!” His voice is rough with what’s probably shock, and he comes hurrying around to the beast’s head, kneeling heedless in the mud and stroking the scaled cheeks. “Come on girl, wake up.” The dragon’s head shifts towards him, whimpering, eyes still half-closed, and he closes his eyes, shoulders loosening with relief. The dragon makes another sound, guttural and pained, and he soothes it, stroking its nose and pulling its head into his lap. “I’m here, I’m here. You did so well dearest, you’ve been so brave.”
," Sam recites softly, and Dean joins him on the "Amen". Keeping one hand wrapped around Cas's, Sam reaches over with the other and grips Dean's shoulder, and after a seond Dean's free hand comes up and catches at his wrist, tight enough to bruise.
Connor shrugs, losing interest in the conversation. "Sometimes, when I say stuff. Mostly it's quiet though." He scoops a bunch of soldiers together, drawing them towards him. "You wanna play?"
“OH NO, YOU DON’T GET OUT OF THIS SO EASILY,” it proclaims happily, and if it doesn’t wake the whole castle it’ll certainly bring Filch or Peeves running.
The electronic doors are stuck on open, twitching feebly inwards like they’re trying to close and can’t. Inside, the place is a wreck; book shelves tipped over, books and pages everywhere, the computers at the big desk smoking and cracked open like eggs, spilling circuit boards and wires onto the surface.
The cat's head swings round, that familiar blue gaze leveled expectantly at Dean, who can only return it helplessly.
“I’m fine,” Sam objects, shaking off the hand Dean’s put to his forehead and rolling his eyes.
"But it still follows in your wake, Lord,  because it's all that you are," Cas says, eyes and voice dropping again, and Ollie sighs.
The door opens, spilling light out towards her like a beacon, and a man hurries out onto the porch, followed by something small and fast and four-legged that she identifies as a dog after a second when a bigger one follows it; he calls them to heel with a quick
“You still smell like smoke,” Cas says quietly, hands already under his layers and on skin, nails blunt on his hips, and Dean just grabs the bottom of his shirt, both of them, and yanks them off. Something tears, but it doesn’t matter. He shucks his pants, socks, underwear the same way, throwing them away towards the door. He suspects the smell still lingers in his hair and maybe even on his skin, but his world right now consists of Cas’s rich, familiar aftershave, rising off of warm skin that he can nuzzle into and breathe in, wrap his arms around and hold on to and forget, for a while, about the dirty haze of smoke and the soot-black bricks and whole lives crumbled into ash.
Dean's whole body snaps taunt, switch flipped somewhere in his hindbrain and suddenly he doesn't care that he was
Cas passes him another mug, and Dean nods his thanks and settles back against the counter with an exaggerated sigh, Mariah at his side with her head leaning against his hip. His first sip makes him groan theatrically, whole body loosening. “Aw yeah, that’s the stuff. ‘S like crack, right Adelaide?” He opens his eyes enough to wink at her, and across from her Cas rolls his eyes, mouth twitching.
Sam makes a complicated face and flicks his head at the window. “The tree. And happy Christmas to you too.”
The bird-daemon cocks his head. "God is with us," he translates, matching Cas's careful tone. "It's a good name. It fits." He twists to look at Dean. "Thank you, Dean."
Dean raises an eyebrow, pushing himself back upright. "You didn't know war was exhausting? No offense Cas, but what, didja think Raphael was just gonna roll over and give it up? That's not how it works, dude."
“You could shoot them?” Dean offers halfheartedly, and both Bobby and Sam scoff at him.
“Rufus,” Dean greets, coming out of the sun to join them and accepting a brief hug from the old hunter. “Bobby.”
It takes Dean maybe three tries to get the key in the lock, and then once he manages it the inward swing of the door almost pulls him off his feet where he’s been unconsciously leaning on it. He manages to shut it behind him and tips his forehead into the cool glass, just for a moment, and listens to his own breathing; lets his eyes finally close until it’s just him in the dark, safe at home and letting something else hold him up.
"Hey," Dean says, gruff, "we're just being decent human beings, Adelaide. We're- we like helping people, if we can. And frankly, we could use the good karma."
Apparently he’s not that easily distracted though, cause one minute she’s rolling her hips down, letting his hands on her hips guide her right, and the next thing she knows she’s been effortlessly flipped sideways onto her back, one of Cas’s hands behind her head to stop it hitting the door and the other curled over the damn scar again. And apart from the fact that the change in angle has her convulsively tightening her legs around his hips, pressing her heels into the backs of his thighs to urge him on, she now has nowhere else to look but at him.
- in which dean and cas get sort-of married cause emmy's registered at school/daycare as 'winchester' so the staff assume, and then sam says they should get rings and cas agrees. dean spends the rest of the day calling him "mrs winchester", until cas pins to the bed and fucks him through the mattress like he's trying to prove something.
Sam grumbles but doesn’t say anything else, and Dean is tempted to bang his head against the wall. He settles for arching back against Cas instead, and Cas drags his teeth over the outline of his fingertips in response, muffling Dean’s curse with his fingers again.
He's tall, and follows her at a respectful distance as she navigates the steps in the dark and finally makes it through the door, which he closes behind her. The staircase to the right creaks under the weight of a second man and a third dog, and for a second she wonders if she's miscalculated here because he's just as tall and broad-shouldered as the first and something about the way he moves screams 'could kill you in a heartbeat', amplified by the battered boots he's wearing and the dog skittering down the stairs behind him, black and wolf-like. Both men have light beards, but the first one manages to make it look hippyish while the second’s only makes him look more military, glinting silver like his hair. He snaps his fingers, and all three dogs promptly sit down where they are, the black one at his side and the other two (now revealed in the light to be some kind of fluffy chihuahua mix and a cheerful, floppy-eared spaniel-beagle cross) a few feet away.
"Be tired later," she says succinctly, voice rumbling like the Impala's engine under his cheek, and drops her head to nuzzle briefly at his jaw. "Now c'mon. Up."
,” Dean whispered to the door, and the pair of them shuffled inside. The click of the closing door echoed off the marble. He glanced sideways at Cas but Cas avoided his eyes, so Dean shucked his shoes, socks and sweater and went to turn on the taps. The bubbles he sent frothing into the bathing pool reminded him of the hazy air in Potions the other day, and he watched them surge across the stone with a grin; tiny white foamy ones like the head on a Butterbeer, big bouncing iridescent ones, ones that come out in a long stream like Christmas baubles and twisted themselves into weird shapes, little pearly ones that clustered together into mountains under the taps.
“We shouldn’t be in here,” Cas answered from behind him, and Dean twisted round to find him chewing on his lower lip and glaring at him. “You’re not a prefect, and I’ve got work to catch up on.”
“Yeah, well it is in this case. Not getting naked your first time is just tacky.”
“Mornin’, sunshine!” Dean says brightly, and Cas relaxes infinitesimally. “The fuck have you been?”
“Where’d you get that?”
Jimmy’s spaniel daemon had become as much a part of Cas as the blue eyes, the crazy hair and the stupid rough voice, and wondering what happened to her once Cas pumped himself full of monster souls had occupied a lot of Dean’s quieter moments, early on. Tsalia had made a pretty good case for them getting into Heaven, but Dean knows she doesn’t believe it, not when you know what normal monsters do to normal humans and especially not when you add the leviathans into the equation - even Cas himself hadn’t survived contact with them.
Sam's eyebrows go up. "Okay. Wow. Uh, yeah, that's-"
. There's no need for that; they'll move if I tell them to."
, and then there’s being seriously inappropriate.
“You should probably let me look at that inside,” Dean tells him, taking up the wheelbarrow again and turning to lead the way to the house. The aviator hesitates, but follows.
She's full of good food, her dad's pie is sitting on the back seat along with a fuckton of other leftovers and making the car smell like family and home, and she's got good music blasting through the car that she can sing along to as loudly as she likes without fear of disapproving looks every time she slips on censoring the swears.
"If anyone would be, it's Cas," Sam says simply, and Dean nods.
He twitches his hips up as she rolls the condom on and looks like he thinks it’s a total waste of time, but then she’s going up on her knees and positioning him just right and sliding back down, and he makes a choked-off noise and digs his fingers into her thighs hard enough to leave bruises.
"I need to show that
She shrugs out of her shirt soon after that, then attacks the trenchcoat, and Cas helps her but seems kind of bemused about it. She sits back and looks down at him, both coat and jacket stuck halfway down his arms.
The daemon’s still circling the room on unsteady wings when they leave Cas to Meg’s tender care, and Tsalia is the last out the door, tail twitching and head low. “I don’t like it,” she says shortly when they get outside, and Sam huffs a sigh.
“No,” he’d assured her, smiling, “you’ve been amazing Jody, thank you. I just...need a change of scene.”
"There are...clearence levels to this sort of thing," Ollie says, eyes twinkling. "The archangels were reading from about level two."
. Don’t you fucking
Cas shrugs. “Someone needs to take up Bobby’s role as information collator. I know a great deal about most of the things you hunt.”
“Cas!” Dee is yelling, furious and frantic. “Castiel, come
“Yeah, but it’s the thought that counts.” And he wraps his fingers around the lapels of Cas’s coat, pulls him in and kisses him.
“Something in my back,” Dean says shortly, breathing fast and shallow now. Iope cranes sideways to peer down behind his shoulders, and Sam reaches out, so careful, to touch the back of his jacket.
“You wanna tell me what happened?” Dean asks after a few minutes, and Emmy makes a quiet little noise.
Cas is not dead.
"Hey, woah, me and Sammy are okay, we can take care of ourselves, you don't have to worry about
should do that?” Dean asks skeptically, and Sam shrugs one shoulder, earnest face on full power.
"so you're saying she, what, took over this baby's body like angels take over their hosts?" dean demands, glancing down at her, and joshua shakes his head.
Tsalia makes a disapproving clucking noise Dean’s sure real cougars can’t make. “The daemons are much closer than you and Cas, you won’t even see anything. Anyway, it’s just your dick, you see it all the time.”
The aviator smiles briefly at him, reaching up to run a hand through his already-disheveled hair, and Dean starts at the jagged tear across his shoulder and the dark stain down one sleeve of his coat. “You’re hurt!”
Dean calls from the road, probably breaking about five laws given the speed he’s going at the time.
"It's just a few local kids gone missing; no one's been magically promoted to CEO, or won the lottery, or even died mysteriously. Not really standard witch MO."
“I don’t imagine he would enjoy that very much.”
“sure dean, whatever you say”
The first cautious press of his tongue makes Cas tremble, almost subliminal but definitely there under his hands. The second has him breathing out slow and amazed, wings twitching so the lower feathers brush against Dean’s shoulders and the back of his head. Dean grows bolder, uncurling his tongue enough to lick over the hot skin in a slow, deliberate slide, and Cas moves then, pushing up into it with a gasp.
"I've never had a daemon before, Dean, it was quite a shock to return to myself and find him still there," Cas says shortly. "And before that, I...just assumed that his name was Gah."
"Harp playing just gettin' good, huh?"
“No,” Dean agrees. “Thing is though, why doesn’t he just kill everything, do our job for us?”
“Tsalia...”
dean is a homicide detective, like his mother, because these people need to be brought in before they cause any more destruction. cas and his name and his glasses and his smoker's voice and his precise fingers and his easy slip into enochian and his braaains intrigue him, so when he finds a post-it covered in familiar symbols stuck to his case paperwork that translates to, essentailly, "call me" once it's all over, he keeps it.
“Animal transfiguration is tough,” Cas agreed, sounding a little more with it, and Dean risked a glance around to check if the assistant was gone, then leaned in. The water was clear, and the wet, flimsy material of Cas’s boxers was doing absolutely fuck-all to hide the swollen line of his dick.
“There is one thing she’s afraid of,” he says quietly. “There’s one thing that could stop her.” His chin lifts, proud and stubborn. “When Jack was dying, I made a deal with the Empty, to save him.”
. Cas is another one they tore up and left in their wake, but Sam doesn’t even know where the fuck
“Alright,” she’d said, and unspoken had been everything she’d been kind enough not to mention. She’d pulled him down to press a kiss to the crown of his head the next morning, and whispered “You take care of yourselves,” just loud enough to hear, and he’d had to fight down a sudden upwelling of something too distant be be properly called grief that his mom had never had the chance to do this, and the much sharper sorrow that Jody will never get to say that to her own kid.
the panic room becomes the nursery, though they can't angel ward it cause she freaks out, so they find a way to seperate the crib/her from the rest of the room for warding purposes [necklace?], and dean apologises to bobby for kind of moving in and bobby tells him to shut up, it's always been his house too. they start seeing random flashes of light and crashes of thunder for no reason, flickers of fire outside that are just patches of scorched earth when they get there, and then one night there's a thud on the roof and when they go up there's a dead angel up there, wings burned onto the tiles. that happens another few times, out in the junkyard or on the porch and, once, one turns up on the hallway floor, far too close to the stairs for comfort. they go over every inch of the house with the books, trying to see which sigil is wrong, and sam joins dean in the panic room, bobby taking up residence in the hall outside and angel-banishing sigils on every wall in the house.
aaaand then they either have angry sex anyway or Cas storms off and leaves Dean hanging, I was never quite sure (though I leaned towards the former). In any case, it's becoming a theme - poor Dean.
Dean swipes a hand across his mouth, stares resolutely at a knothole in one of the planks making up the cabin wall. He can’t hear anything, knows he can’t, but all the same his mind fills in the blanks for him; the other Dean’s deep, controlled breathing, rhythm never changing but slowly getting more and more ragged; the soft whisper of air as Cas breathes through his nose, and the
“Yeah, well,” Dean shrugs and flicks the new match, dropping it to the ground in the same motion. The holy oil flares. “Wasn’t sure you’d answer.”
“Dean, you- you need to come see this.”
Also, he can’t move his other arm.
Cas narrows his eyes at him. “I hope this isn’t going where I think it’s going.”
he can't soothe the rawness where cas pulled his ex-grace free of dean's soul, but he can numb the loss of the rib and he can zap dean back to bobby's with fresh sigils on his ribs. he sets off all the angel wards and sam and bobby come crashing downstairs to find dean slumped on the couch, the baby held to his chest. after a lot of staring and disbelieving silences and dean explaining when he can get the energy, bobby helps dean down to the panic room while sam follows with the baby, looking kind of pole-axed and almost missing stairs cause he's too busy staring at her. bobby's second act, once they're safely installed, is to go and get jody mills, because it's not like any of them know anything about handling a newborn baby. she doesn't have any of her stuff left, but she knows what to get, and in any case, BABY.
When Dean starts working in earnest, flicking his tongue over the muscle, Cas jerks hard enough to make the bed springs squeak, something rasping and ancient spilling from his mouth. Dean flicks his eyes up and finds him braced on his forearms with his head bowed, wings half-spread and quivering, shoulders drawn tight, and closes them again so he can concentrate on lapping right at the centre, insistent and heavy. He can pick his name out of the stream of Enochian swearing or whatever it is Cas is saying, and the rest of it is making the back of his neck prickle so he’s half expecting the bedside lamp to explode or the windows to blow out.
Tsalia makes a wounded noise and her paws come up, catching Emmanuel between them, holding him close. He doesn’t even startle, just spreads his wings to wrap around her head as far as they’ll go.
Dean winces inwardly. Bad enough that a dragon crash-landed in their field and scared the shit out of their sheep, and now they have to lose one of the flock? (And where the dragon eats one it will probably eat more.) His father looms up in his mind’s eye, arms folded and telling him to refuse. But his father isn’t here.
him? Why is he so important? You're a freakin'
"You play with it?" Dean asks, crouching down to Connor's level, and Connor nods enthusiastically.
A slight shrug. “I’ve always wanted to fly.”
!” Dean snaps, throwing his arms helplessly wide.
They're all just kind of chilling out when Crowley shows up - Bobby and Sam buried in books and Dean watching TV while trying to pretend his feet are in Cas's lap because the couch is too small - but his appearance is accompanied by a kind of squeaky, muffled growl, which immediately gets all their attention. Dean whips his feet out of Cas's lap and onto the floor and Cas actually curls his lip, distaste written across his face.
“No they’re not, most of them are actually multi-coloured, and some of them are really pretty,” Sam says, sounding like he’s about to go into lecture mode, and Dean makes a vaguely interested noise and tunes him out.
Misha: So I- [grabs Jen by the jacket and swings her round in slow-motion]
"Not what you think," Crowley says, and rolls his eyes back to look at Cas. "Tell them, angel."
dean quickly gathers a little gang - jo (gryffindor), ash, charlie, anna in the year above (also gryffindor). some slytherin clown called balthazar makes him laugh a lot, as well as an older gryffindor called gabriel, but they’re both also kind of douches, so. azazel was a six/seventh year prefect in dean’s first two years, and spent them quietly terrifying him by lurking (he’s slytherin and has yellow eyes, the result of generations of pureblood inbreeding. someone in his family killed mary). the sytherin pureblood castiel is mostly a loner in their peripheral, but ash (who's also pureblood) says he's good people, and so's his dad (his mum's dead too)
“I am not intending to allow either you or Sam to die in this war,” Cas says sharply, and Dee bites out a laugh.
Castiel meets his gaze squarely. "I would owe you a great debt."
. Shut up and lemme work." He leans forward a little, shifting to get comfortable, then curls his hands over Cas's shoulders and digs his thumbs in. Cas starts, muscles twitching, then his neck goes limp and he sighs out a breath that ends on a groan. "Yeah, there we go," Dean agrees smugly, and does it again.
It's almost closed when he goes rigid, swearing in five different languages and lunges forward, forcing one arm inside with a howl and staggering back with something clutched to his chest. Castiel throws himself into his place and puts all his power into shutting the Cage again; the angels inside scream wordlessly at him, fury and imprecations running together as they clutch at him, and he repels them with a desperate burst of Grace and finally brings the two halves of the split back together.
“Until he starts busting the lights and, I don’t know, throwing the staff around thinking they’re demons,” Sam says, and Dean throws up a hand.
His pupils are blown wide, the usual disconcerting blue all swallowed up, but the intensity is still there. And despite the fact that he’s now fucking her like a damn pro, all she can think about is whether afterwards he’s gonna give her that soulful look like he can’t understand why she doesn’t look in the mirror every morning and cry at her own awesomeness.
"You think I would want you in the middle of this?" Cas snaps, suddenly right back in Dean's space, the trenchcoat catching against his shirt. "I'm
“Shut up, Dean,” Sam mutters, and then a little girl appears from nowhere and flings herself at Sam’s knees, trilling his name.
"Lower," Cas says by his ear, her voice throaty and low, and Sam obligingly slips his fingers under the waistband of his old jeans, hanging loose and low on Cas's hips. Jess used to get nasty cramps just down below her hipbones, and Sam rolls all four fingers in little circles over the hot, taut skin, spiraling in towards Cas's bellybutton and then back out again.  "
?" with what sounds like genuine sheepishness.
“Trust me,” Dee says, grimacing, “he was big enough.”
“’Aviary’,” Sam corrects absently, watching the birds with a faint smile.
“Emmy!” he snaps, grabbing her by the shoulders. “Angels!”
“Dean-”
all this to
sam takes the "cast out" thing to heart though, and one night when he can't sleep because there are barbs on his bed and the distant screams of the damned, he googles meteor activity and finds one over russia around the time cas was kicked out of heaven. the fbi thing hasn't made a peep, so maybe... they end up contacting tamara, because europe's closer than america, and rufus because he knows shit, and turn up a guy who knows a guy who knows a guy who emigrated from russia from a hunting family. they have the rough location and a picture of cas from his fake fbi badge (dean keeps the rest of the strip in the impala's glove compartment, despite it being the edge of cas's shoulder, an arm and half a torso, and cas in blurred profile with dean's hand shoving him back in front of the camera. sam doesn't mention it), and after several weeks of grapevine and phonetree work the guy gets back to them with a crappy dark cellphone picture of a bar, cas half-turned towards the photographer with a glass in one hand. they vaguely float the idea of emmy going to get him because they share grace, or just because she'll understand who he is, but without the handprint it's not really viable and if they wait for her to get old enough to understand anything might have happened. they don't have the money for the air fare,  and in any case they're pretty sure cas wouldn't come and kidnap is a crime. "never thought i'd say this, but it kinda makes you wish balthazar was still alive, huh?" dean says tiredly, watching emmy burble to the stacking bricks she's making into a messy but surprisingly stable castle.
“Mrs Graham said you called to say you’d be late, so I should go home with her. She was human then, and she’s my teacher, so I thought it was okay. She dismissed everyone else early cause it was Friday, and then she said we’d go if I helped her clean up. She told me there was stuff to wipe the board with in the supply closet, but when I opened the door she
When she stops his eyes go from lazily half-shut to fully open and confused. “You know what this is?” she asks, waving the condom packet at him, and he blinks up at it and shakes his head. “Wow, they really skip on the sex ed up there, huh? It
." Dean puts a hand on his shoulder and squeezes, reassuring. "You should've told us, man, we'd 've stopped bothering you."
"Yes."
“Yes Dee, I am aware of the mechanics of human intercourse.”
of some old cowboy movie before he'd called it a night, what with not having any research or other vitally important save-the-world crap to keep him up. So
"Alright, enough with the mushy naming ceremony crap," Dean says, and Tsalia laughs at him. "Most important question now is: when're we eating?"
"Locusts, boils and blood - is this the plague of frogs, except she got it wrong?" Sam asks as they walk down the garden path, and Dean flings frustrated hands out.
you lookin’ over our shoulders. Exactly how
“Bobby, you gotta haul ass back here, okay? Everything’s gone to shi- the angels have got Emmy, okay? And Cas, but I don’t- you just gotta get back here, okay?”
. What kind of angel are you?"
the guy, okay? I’ve known him for longer than any of you, and I know shit
,” Tsalia says, desperate, reared up on the arm of the chair and peering at Cas’s slack face, searching for a sign of life, and Dean runs to her.
, Dean says adamantly, jaw tightening.
“Dean.” The tears are spilling over now, but Cas is smiling, warm and soft. “We’re running out of time. Don’t let me go with this left unsaid. You have-” his voice catches and Dean steps forward, reaching out, automatically offering comfort. “You have made me so happy. And I-” A deep inhale, and the smile widens even as it wobbles. “I love you.”
.” Sheriff Mills is shaking him, voice low and commanding. The forensics guys are looking at him funny, obviously wandering why he’s there. “Come on.”
Adelaide huffs a laugh. "You don't
“Half,” St Claire says slowly, stopped a pace or so behind him. “My mother finds English names boring.”
The woman behind the reception desk is already creeped out when he gets there, staring warily at Iope - who ran ahead in their haste, too far ahead for normal people - and too quick to be pessimistic about the dog, her little bird-daemon fluttering uselessly around the room, but the vet is cool and calm and capable and her rat-daemon is already examining the dog by the time the receptionist chases him out, equal parts angry and scared.
Dean’s hand breaks free of the ground and Tsalia nuzzles into it, licking his fingers and pressing her face to them so Dean can feel her fur, her warmth, the reality of her presence. The other hand joins it, scrabbling at the soil as Tsalia redoubles her efforts, and then Dean’s head breaks into the air like a drowning man resurfacing, and he gulps in oxygen while Tsalia licks the earth and tears from his face and purrs, his name rumbling in her chest.
-ing his cauldron with particular vigour and imagining it was Crowley’s smug face.
"Yeah, we’re a regular Doctor Dolittles now. If you’d told me ten years ago I’d be ending up on a farm with four dogs and a bunch of other animals I’d- well, I’d have laughed. A lot.” He and Cas exchange a quick look. “But yeah, we found this place, bought it and did it up all pretty, and then someone says 'Hey, you ever thought of keeping chickens?' and it was all downhill from there." This time he and Cas share a smile. "Next thing you know we've got horses and geese and freaking
Between one step and another the car is waiting for him, gleaming in the sunlight, polished and beautiful. Dean runs his hands across the shining roof before he opens the door, greeted by the familiar smell of leather and gun oil. He slides his hands over the steering wheel, brushes his fingertips over the keys in the ignition, then settles himself into the seat and starts the engine.
Dean spits the last of the bile from his mouth and lifts his head again. “I’ll kill you.”
The angels all stiffen and stare at him like he’s some kind of cockroach. “He is no longer fit for the Host,” says a different one, hands balled into fists. “His grace is gone, unnaturally ripped from him to create that
me that Dean, I am older than you can comprehend-"
have a bison though, right?" she asks, and Dean shakes his head, amused.
someone got hold of chuck's books and everyone knows the winchesters now. Bobby's been besieged with people hoping to get a glimpse of them - and they don't even bother to pretend to have car trouble! - and there's always the whispering and the squeaking girls and sometimes the clapping (oh god the clapping) and the hotel fund so they "can get a good night's sleep for once, poor babies" and people hitting on Cas- actually no, that's quite funny, but dean would still like his old life back please, damnit. fortunately, crowley never stopped being king of the crossroads, he just became king of everything else too, and he likes dean enough to offer him a good deal - one day of his life in exchange for said life in the full. UNfortunately, that one day was dean's conception date and it never happened. sam is an only child, and when YED showed up mary was waiting so he took john instead. mary went to live with the harvelles, and when Bill died she and ellen ran the bar together (all of the 'sam has two mommies' jokes go here). Jo is like a sister to him. he's got standford, and jess, and no demon blood, though this unfortch makes him the michael sword instead, though he doesn't know that. theeen the seals start breaking and this douche zachariah shows up and starts lecturing him about fate and destiny and stuff and tells him he has to kill lilith to stop everything, so he does but o noes, light everywhere! (the righteous man who begins it is the only one who can end it) fast forward to the day dean's turned up in, which is in the middle of the apocalypse - weird shit going down, lucifer wearing nick (or jake? or adam?), and the little band of renegade angels, winchesters and harvelles have a lead on detroit and are taking a moment to appreciate their last night on earth. dean tries to convinve them it's a bad idea, talks about hellhounds and the freakin' DEVIL but they're determined and know him only as this intense hunter who turned up the other day. blah blah save cas, true love's kiss etc, and the proper timeline is restored. and then they live pretty happily ever after.
The only thing they know about her is that Jimmy called her "Kel" in that brief period when Cas had left the building, though Dean’s willing to bet that’s probably a nickname. He remembers finding the still body among the ruins, and knowing something was wrong not just because of the anti-angel sigils on the walls but because he’d never seen the spaniel-daemon so animated; lying possessively across Cas’s chest and baring her teeth at them as they approached, fussing over Jimmy when he woke, snuffling at every inch of him within her reach and leaning blissfully against his leg when he sat with them in the motel room, his hand curled around the back of her neck. When Jimmy had begged Cas to leave his daughter and take him instead she’d been whispering denials right to the end, muzzle tucked under his chin and shaking with the pain, preferring to die with him than have to continue watching something else walking around in his skin and forcing her to follow.
"Yeah? Well thanks Cas, but we can take care of ourselves-"
“Jesus Tsalia, stop that!”
“Oh shit,” Dee says, breathless, the hand not on Sam’s shoulder dropping to her stomach, though for protection or reassurance Sam doesn’t know. And again, more desperate this time, really meaning it, “
, do you want to talk about it?”
"Yes ma'am," Sam says smoothly. "We hear your husband hasn't been into work all this week, and with all these neighbourhood children going missing we thought it best to check up on any other potentially similar cases."
PS I really don't know why every original name in this fic begins with C but there we go.
“Sam turned up in my room last night after a bad dream.” Bobby raises his eyebrows. “Oh c’mon Bobby, the kid hasn’t been scared of crap since he was like ten.”
There’s a single bloody handprint on his jacket shoudler.
He can feel his thighs shaking, Cas hand on his hip practically the only thing keeping him upright as Cas hums and presses his tongue to the slit. Dean wraps both hands in Cas’s hair and bucks into his mouth, head thunking against the wall, and Cas slides down another inch or so and laps at the head, twists his fingers upwards, and Dean just about remembers to muffle his shout as he comes caught between the two sensations.
Cas's wings are warm, and Dean rubs his fingertips in small circles as he burrows them down deep, feathers brushing silkily against his knuckles; Cas makes another one of those pleased, encouraging noises and drops one shoulder so his wing droops lower, giving Dean more access. He works his way along and down, paying special attention to the join of wing and body and getting breathless little groans in reward as he kneads light fingers over where feathers become skin. The same goes for the other wing, though this time he starts from Cas's back and works outwards, following the line of it where it curves upwards towards Cas's head and then sweeps back down and round to below his hips.
were from your pal Crowley. If we're that...important to you, why're you still working with him if he pulls shit like that?"
“It, uh- was it, I mean-”
of a brother) is talking to him. Cas is breathing roughly, face buried in Dean’s neck.
The sigil flares again. The door shakes.
“What was weird about it?” Bobby asks, just as the toast pops, and Dean shrugs one shoulder as he reaches for the peanut butter.
“-ean! C’mon man, don’t do this. Not now. Dean!”
"Hey Cas?" Dean drawls, pulling his gaze away from the hypnotic flickering dance of the fire to find Cas, sitting in the armchair with yet another book, that familiar little frown line between his eyes. He looks up at his name though, forehead smoothing out.
"You wanna name him after somebody, maybe?" Dean asks, turning back to Cas. "I mean, I dunno, but if you wanted... I know you lost a bunch of people, and-"
Cas’s next breath stutters and stops, his whole body winding tight under her hold, and then he makes a low noise that could have been her name or Enochian swearing or anything at all and-
“Well jesus, if you’re still talking like that then you clearly aren’t,” she says, and leans forward to cup her hand over him, squeezing a little. Cas’s whole body jerks, a breathless little noise escaping him and his fingers twitching against her, and she rolls absently down against them and hums, smoothing her palm up over his length and back down, then looks up and grins at him. “Clothes off then, Mr Expert.”
Dean frowns but it's Sam who asks, already halfway suspicious, "So...where's Rufus sleeping?"
Cas closed his eyes, inhaling deeply, fingers twitching. "Dean, Balthazar was a terrible prefect, irresponsible and half-arsed and giving us a bad name, and I have to prove that I'm better than that! If I don't, McGonagall will-"
Beaks don't really work for smiling but, like Cas, Emmanuel manages to project the sentiment anyway.
“Don’t, I’m coming to get you,” Dean orders, already bolting out his chair. Fuck the others, they can survive without him, it’s not like there’s some major crisis or anything. “Don’t you fucking move, okay, or you’ll probably get hit by something. You know what they say about- about cheating death or whatever.”
, tie loosened and shirt barely unbuttoned but it’s more skin than he’s ever shown before and she just wants to...
She isn’t gonna get off like this - it feels good, really good, but it’s not quite enough - but she has already come once tonight, so it’s only fair to return the favour.
your clothes-”
worldbuilding-wise:
one soulenoscopy later, he reveals that dean's got grace inside him, wrapped up in his soul like mistletoe on oak and suckling away to boot. everyone is disturbed. dean insists it must be cas's, some weird fucked-up parasitic thing, and crowley says no, it's not cas's - he knows the feel of cas's grace, and this ain't it. this is much cleaner, rawer, purer - grace at it's most unadulterated, like new. dean freaks out again. "you mean i've got a freakin' angel baby growin' away in there?!" crowley is pretty sure angels don't work that way, but hey what does he know; lol angel baby indeed. he can't remove it, it's way too embeded, so sorry, you'll just have to live with it until we find another option, or until it bursts out of your chest. one option would, of course, be to yell at cas about it, but no one wants the wrath of god down  on their heads.
“Fuck what Sam wanted, you self-righteous
Dean just chuckles and cups both hands at the back of Cas’s head, pulling him in for a kiss. Cas leans into it with a huff, hands curling up over Dean’s thighs to his hips, and Dean closes his legs around him, dragging both hands up through Cas hair to make him hum appreciatively and push into it, spine arching like a cat. Dean lets one hand slip down and slides it flat over Cas’s shoulderblade, and Cas makes a stifled little noise and sucks at his tongue.
"Allowed me to get...back. To you."
Dean's lips twitch. "Saving the planet, huh? At least it's a Chevy, I guess." He heads for the front door, then pauses. "You want a hot chocolate or something? We have tea too, if that's more your thing - Cas'll show you."
And then their daemons untangle themselves and get to their feet, Vim shaking like she’s just been swimming and Tsalia pausing to stretch, and the moment is gone. Vim says something, nudging at Cas’s arm, and Cas refastens his jeans and rolls back up onto his feet, apparently unconcerned by the wet stain on his shirt. Dean strips out of his own shirt and pulls on a new one, already acting like nothing has happened, and when he goes back to the table and its maps Tsalia settles, sphinx-like, at his side. Cas reclaims his bottle and swigs the remainder of the contents in one long swallow, then sketches Dean a mocking salute and heads for the door.
“For you,” Dean says, finally withdrawing and meeting her eyes unflinchingly. “For all this
"Stop makin' excuses because of your precious  reputation," Dean said against his mouth, and Cas made a  vague sort of indignant noise and bit at his lower lip. "Ow. Hey, are you sure there isn't still some of that potion in your system? Cause-"
“It is possible those tales were somewhat exaggerated,” Cas adds, “or he may just grow at a faster rate.” He glances at Sam with a small smile. “In any case, given his genetics, I very much doubt that he will be short.”
It's not something he likes to dwell on, and he shakes himself out of it now and back to Cas under him, making grateful, needy little noises somewhere between a moan and a purr.
It was all delicious; he couldn’t remember the last time he’d eaten something this good. His dad was a perfectly capable cook, but he never bothered to go all-out like this. Dean helped himself to seconds and listened to the babble of chatter all around him.
“That some of your magic angel mojo?” he asks, shifting his hips forward as Cas pushes himself up onto an elbow and wraps his hand around him again, and Cas hums an affirmative, though with his voice it comes out almost a purr. “Huh. Neat.”
“That your dad?” Ash asked, peering over his shoulder, and Dean nodded. “Nice car.”
Dean frowns. "I thought we already met Death."
The rapid rise and fall of his chest slows gradually, and Dean raps out another order, nudging a foot against Cas’s inner thigh and making his cock twitch. Cas takes a deep breath and then shakes his head, licks over his lower lip and adds something else. Dean refuses and gestures at Cas with a shrug of his shoulders that seems to say that if Cas won’t play neither will he, but Cas’s answer is a single word, a name the Dean outside doesn’t need to hear to know. The other Dean goes still, clearly weighing his options, and a few feet away Vim has shaken Tsalia off enough to get her teeth against Tsalia’s lower jaw.
"So..." Dean says, desperately scrambling for something to say, and this time Destiny lets him talk aloud. "Destiny, Destruction, Death...and Daniel?"
"And anyway," Sam continues, brandishing his glass at Dean and ignoring his interruption, "
the incredibly fanservice-y 200th ep followup to Changing Channels one where they end up in Glee (dean is a finn/puck hybrid, sam is sort of artie, and cas is sort of kurt; mr singer leads the glee club, and coach crowley is always trying to ruin it; principle shurley's life is very hard), GoT (sam is a horse lord and jess is his tiny bride; dean winchester is summoned to court to be hand of the king to his old friend castiel, and finds that his queen, meg, is up to no good) and possibly something that's like Modern Family b/c I can't think of another recognisable TV show (in which case bobby and jody are trying to raise jody's kid, sam and jess have like five children and no control over their lives, and dean and cas have just adopted a baby)
, Dean Winchester, taught him. When we resisted, he planned to
She doesn't offer them anything, and perches right on the edge of the couch the whole time, eyes on whoever's talking. No, she doesn't know where her husband is, he came home from work on Friday and was gone by Saturday morning, leaving his car, clothes and family behind and taking only his wallet and the clothes he was standing up in. She hasn't noticed anything weird around the neighbourhood either, in relation to the missing kids, and they're just about to take the hints and go when a little girl wanders into the room, staring at them through big, round glasses that make her look like an owl, and clutched in her hand like a security blanket-
“C’mon buddy, we’re almost there,” he said softly, and Cas mumbled something but slowly straightened up again. His face was flushed, hair now sticking to his skin and lips cracked and dry. Dean almost went down there to help him, let him lean on him, but he was pretty sure that either 1) he’d burn up, literally, 2) he’d catch the same thing, or 3) Cas would tackle him to the floor and fuck him right there, if the gigantic boner Dean’d been trying to ignore was anything to go by. He’d like to think that at least some of the red in Cas’s cheeks was embarrassment, but he was pretty sure Cas was too far gone for that.
Everyone clapped and whooped, and then she sat down and suddenly the tables were full, every available space covered in food and even the
"Let me bottom-line it for you," Dean says firmly, making sure he holds Cas's eyes. "I'm not leaving here without you, understand?"
Dean snorts. “Oh, don’t you worry about me, sweetheart. The weight of the world’s nothing new.”
Bathrooms always amplify sound, so even with the water pounding down past his ears Dean still hears that rustle of wings.
Dean laughs, short and bitter. "Yeah, and Crowley got Bobby's soul last year, I know. And look where it got us, Cas. Dad died and went to Hell.
"Emmanuel," Iope says, jumping over onto Sam's couch and scuttling right up to the arm closest to Cas's chair. "Yeah, I like it. Suits you."
when emmy is about 26, cas is killed in a freak hunting accident, and whatever passes for his soul is either in hell or purgatory. naturally, his daughter is really not into either of those ideas. mostly she’s kicking ass and trying to rescue him (which might involve giving him back some of his grace), but she also meets demon!bela and also maybe crowley.
I don't remember where this was going - angry!sex? Cas just storming out and continuing their weird sixth year relationship issues? I think it was going to be bathroom sex until Cas got pissy and Dean couldn't resist matching him. Sigh.
“I have standards to uphold,” Cas said stiffly, the
,” and she tears it deftly open, dropping the packet to the floor, “that in nine months there won’t be any cute little baby angels running around.”
Also, for anyone wondering, Vim's full name is Telocvovim, Enochian for 'of him that has fallen'. In the absence of anyone else to do it, Cas named her himself.
“This sort of, of fraternisation is what I’m supposed to be preventing,” Cas says insistently, but it lacks conviction and his eyes have dropped to Dean’s mouth, and Dean smirks at him.
Dean tries to be offended but gets distracted by Cas’s thumb rubbing over the head of his dick, slick and so good. “Yeah, but- but not being able to get it up again so soon is normal. A-also, my dick is not a, a ‘physical infliction’.” He rolls his head back into the pillow, arching into Cas’s touch. “Fuck it, keep doin’ that.”
“It’s a ‘67 Chevy Impala,” Dean said, felling the familiar bubble of pride in his chest. “She’s been in the family since before my parents were even married.”
"can you just- try and NOT look like you wanna rip my shirt off with your teeth?" jen says finally, throwing her hands up, and misha shrugs, grins. behind her, edlund and singer are looking thoughtful, though for different reasons. "NO" jen adds for good measure, leveling the finger of doom at them, and edlund quirks an eyebrow, mouth twitching.
Cas is gone.
"Yeah, cause the other two were so helpful."
"Yes, Dean?"
“Should we...help them?”
late as you have lessons in the morning.” She gave them all a brief smile and sat back down.
“And somehow I still find your predictability endearing,” Cas says dryly as he pulls the sheets down and manhandles Dean under them, and Dean makes smug noises, grabs for the nearest part of Cas he can reach and presses a kiss there. Cas huffs, but it’s fond, and shuffles around until he can curl up behind Dean and Dean can turn over and press his nose to Cas’s collarbone. He must’ve ninja’d his t-shirt off, sneaky bastard.
bobby passes out bottles of beer (and ginger beer for cas) at new year and they knock them together as bobby's arthritic old clock chimes twelve. bobby goes up first, bitching about "gettin' old and needing his beauty sleep - don't even think it, boy." sam chills with dean and cas for a bit, then announces he's going up too and elbows dean in the ribs. cas and dean sit in companionable silence for a while, then cas stirs, says he too is tired, and presses a quick kiss to dean's lips as he gets up. dean is too stunned to do anything other than blink after him.
"Every which fuckin' way," Tsalia answers, ears flattening for a second in displeasure. "Still got the knife?"
Once Imp's facing the right way again he twists in the saddle just in time to see Cas stripping off his heavy riding jacket as he comes up to greet Sam.
"Are there?" Cas murmurs, mouth quirking wickedly, and Dean can only swallow hard, the rest of his objections crushed under the onslaught of images of how the next few hours are gonna go.
The geese, though, are kind of terrifying. They’re not that big, but they’ve got nests that appeared with them overnight, and they seem to take anyone who goes out into the yard as a threat, which means they waddle towards you deceptively fast, wings spread and hissing like snakes, evil little eyes glittering.
It was actually originally just going to be D/C, but then literally I wrote that bit with Dean hearing Sam giving Cas a quick massage and Sam knowing exactly what it did to Dean, and then I sat back and said to myself "Self, that sounds awfully Wincest-y I can't believe you just accidentally wrote that...but like, since you
has a nameless daemon. I mean, you were
Cas is definitely amused now, mouth quirking and eyes crinkled. “Forgive me if I don’t join you in this one, Dean.”
He doesn't realise he's been speaking aloud until Cas says "Dean," quiet and calm and steady as a rock, and Dean blinks and finds Cas right in front of him, palms warm against his jaw. "I'm sorry. I didn't think."
“Those are some pretty fancy chickens, though,” Dean tells Sam, leaning on the windowsill to watch them strut around at the base of the tree, where they all seem to have set up some kind of bird headquarters.
"Emmanuel," Cas says, testing the weight of it on his tongue, and the bird-daemon stirs, bright eyes focusing on him. He flits down off Tsalia's back, hops across the carpet and finally achieves proper liftoff to swoop over into Cas's lap. Cas strokes a crooked finger down his breast. "Emmanuel."
[Misha cackling in the background, and the crew snickering too]
And the cows.
"Yeah I know, apparently he's just been calling him the Enochian version of 'Hey, you'."
! And then they tried to
[Garth phones for Reasons and ends up crying about his ex to Bobby, who can't quite bring himself to just hang up until Rufus intervenes]
“Dad’s a Muggle, so he can’t get through.”
“I really need to break you of your casual disregard for my things,” Cas says, voice gone all smoky and low, and Dean shoots him a smirk and swoops down to pick the glasses up on the way back, dumping them on the nearest shelf.
“Cool, cool.” The train whistled, loud and shrill, and another billow of steam stole across the platform and spilled past the window. The stragglers lunged for the train, and the conductor appeared further down the platform, closing the doors with a series of thunks. The train whistled again, engine picking up, and the carriage shuddered and inched forward. Outside the window, a witch with Ash’s hair (though not, thankfully, in the same style) waved cheerfully, and next to her a wizard with a close-cropped beard and crinkled eyes did the same. Ash waved back, grinning, and leaned against the glass to watch as the train accelerated and they disappeared from view.
sam's got his monkey-arms wrapped around both of them and bobby when there's that whisper of wings and dean's got the sword out faster than he can blink, sam and bobby too, and joshua holds both hands up and stays where he is.
Dean glances down at his hand, already knowing it isn't there, lost in the slippery gush of blood when the thing caught him on the arm, and shrugs. "Dunno."
And god, he just comes out with things like that, and what the hell is Dean meant to
"Something like that," Sam says, ducking his head and thinking of Amy and his first kiss.
“I really don’t have time for this,” Cas tells him shortly, hand sliding down to catch on Dean’s collar and haul him up off the bed so he can scrutinise him.
“Dean,” Cas says, low and garbled but definite, and Iope’s awake and cradling Sam’s head, smoothing his hair, so Dean goes to Cas, Tsalia dropping down to come and press against his side, purring loud enough to make Cas blink at her, almost frowning. There’s a scrabble and a flutter and the bird-daemon crashes into Cas’s lap, and Cas cups him gently in both hands and smooths his rumpled feathers, looking at Dean questioningly as if, as ever, he has the answers to the universe.
"I can't prove it was him," Cas said finally, almost lost under the roar of the water filling the  pool, and Dean squeezed his fingers to show he'd heard. "I wish he'd just...get over it. This isn't a damn competition, and I'm not a, a
Cas's daemon Vim is an
“yes, you-”
to get her hands in that messy hair and suck at his stupid lower lip, lick into his mouth. She’d assumed his hair would be brittle and unnatural, full of product to keep in in that crazy, windswept style he seems to like so much, but it turns out that that’s just its natural state, made worse by all his globe-hopping in search of God, and she can scrunch it between her fingers and feel him rumble in approval against her chest.
“Can,” Dean whispers back.
, and God likes you so much he keeps bringin' you back from the dead. What the hell do you need some smarmy bastard like Crowley for?"
"Amelia's family recipe," Cas says, and she closes her eyes and savours it, the aftertaste lingering in her mouth.
She listens to their footsteps going up the stairs, the faint sounds of them talking low and discarding their shoes with soft thumps, and then it's quiet but for the breathing of the two dogs with her, the burbling of the fish tank and her own thoughts. Her mouth still tastes of chocolate, and Pixie’s a welcome spot of heat in the dark, and despite the unfamiliar house and the still-vaguely possible threat of serial killers or this all being a dream, she falls asleep.
doing his stupid fucking lawyer exchange program or whatever.
fault, okay, it’s this future Dean’s.
? That God and, and eveything," and she throws her arms around, "it's all
“Okay fine, what do you suggest we do, huh? Take the crazy angel with us on the road, wait for him to get pissed at us and scramble your brains again? Wait for him to get copied by the leviathans so they get angel powers on top of everything else? Or maybe if we’re lucky he’ll just go on another homicidal rampage through an office block, or kill us in our sleep.”
“Alright. Will she eat it uh, live or-?”
, with Meg throwing the welcome party,” Iope points out, settling herself in Sam’s lap.
Dean breathes out.
bobby has some news about weird gas explosions/etc. something something alphas. on the drive, sam hums ‘stairway to heaven’ even though it’s not on
“Like you’ve got over it, you mean,” Tsalia says on a hiss, uncurling and dropping down onto the ground with a soft, heavy crunch of gravel. She’s on him before Dean can do more than brace for it, reared up on her hind legs so she can get right into his face, paw on his shoulder and claws pricking unerringly through the layers to hit the still-sensitive skin of the handprint Cas burned into his shoulder what almost feels like a lifetime ago. Dean shoves her off and, point made, she drops back down, glaring up at him.
“Listen, I’ll take care of it,” she says once they get outside and back to the Impala, away from the other cops and the curious onlookers, gathered to gossip and gawk. Dean kind of wants to aim the Impala at them and put his foot down. “Do you want me to call Bobby?”
Dean hands over the Impala’s keys with token reluctance, then goes and sprawls out on the cheap orange couch, which sags under his weight. Cas lurks where he is for a minute, then comes over to crouch between Dean and the ancient TV, claws still kneading at the carpet. Dean flicks it round, seeing if he can find anything that looks remotely interesting, then gives it up as a bad job and leaves it on some news report or other, distracted by the constant movement in his peripheral vision.
It scares him a little that he knows her well enough to hear her rolling her eyes. “No, okay, that was a pretty stupid question. I
Charlie eyes him warily, but nods.
St Claire look at him sharply, but says merely: “I'd be grateful if you could come and assist me with these bandages.”
He stays on his knees for a moment afterwards, the air still ringing with savage Enochian, drawing his wings in close, and then Crowley rasps, "You almost forgot his fucking
“’S for Cas, dude. Figured maybe he needs to eat now, different body and all”
Dean glares at him, but Joshua just stares back, impassive and patient. Finally, Dean breaks the deadlock and kicks up the earth, sending clods of it spraying over the line of flames and breaking them, one by one. The moment the last circle snaps Joshua is gone.
It’s Dean that snaps, in the end; in one sudden movement he’s got Cas by the throat and and is shoving him backwards until they both hit the wall, Cas’s head tilted up and back by the hand curled around his neck. It’s not a gentle impact, Cas’s whole body slamming into the wall with Dean’s weight behind it, and under the table Tsalia lunges for Vim and locks her jaws around her throat, one heavy paw on her chest, eyes on the humans. Cas doesn’t seem to be affected at all, still smiling mockingly, goading Dean into
“Of course, why do you think I did it?” Crowley says, looking further annoyed by the stupidity of humans. “It’s yours now.”
“Move!” she hisses, in a growl so like Dean Sam misses the ignition entirely on first try, but he manages to slot the key home a second or two later and the engine coughs and splutters into life, then chokes on a roar as Sam floors the pedal and forces it backwards and out of the sign its embedded in. The smashed windshield makes him feel horribly exposed, wind tearing at his face and hair as he spins the car left and faces it at the exit, and it’s even worse when he gets going, not to mention the constant terror that at any moment half a dozen cop cars could pull up and start shooting at him.
Dean has a flash of a suit and a shining sword, a Cas-shaped dent in the car under their window; Balthazar frantically rooting through Bobby's draws for the right ingredients, one side of his shirt bloody; Cas facing off against Raphael, furious, wings bristling across the wall behind him. "I dunno, a couple?"
"We should-" he manages when the kiss finally breaks, because he'd like there to be a horizontal surface involved kind of
"If that's what you'd like," Cas says, offering her the choice, and Adelaide nods gratefully. Dean slips out the door, and Cas gestures in front of her. "The kitchen's straight ahead."
“Not at present,” the aviator says, spreading his hands to indicate his lack of anything but the clothes on his back, “but as soon as we return to Dover I will see you reimbursed.”
“What abou’ the kids?” he manages, lips brushing skin, and Cas takes a moment to translate his question, fingertips tapping lightly off Dean’s spine.
Finally Castiel is forced to accept that Dean will never respond, and ceases trying. Now that it’s so close to completion the importance of the mission is humming through  the angel’s grace, and Castiel’s attention turns to the body in its simple wooden coffin six feet below the ground. The first things to reconstruct are the internal organs, each restored to perfect working condition and linked back together into the systems that allow and sustain life. The cells and molecules that have eroded away in the mortal months Dean’s body has been empty of life are still present in the surrounding earth and it is merely a matter of reintegrating them, for which Castiel, already weary, is grateful.
"Done and done!" Dean answers promptly, bouncing up of the couch, and goes to do just that.
"I think it's best to let my brother answer that," Daniel says, rising. "Come, I'll take you to him."
“With Cas attached to it, yeah yeah.”
“YOU’S BETTER FUCKING COME BACK, YOU FEATHERY FUCKING BASTARD!” Dean yells after him, and then all he can do is wait, leaning back against the Impala and nursing his blooded knuckles from punching the nearest tree.
Dean huffs like he can’t even be bothered to dignify that with an answer.
And now it’s come back to bite them in the ass in the worst possible way.
Cas hisses in a breath. "It's not that
“No, you were- I thought I heard-” Sam swallows and Dean forces his eyes open. The light’s too bright and Sam isn’t really in focus, but he’s
Cas inclines his head, then goes over to Sam and touches his hand. The bitemark disappears, but the dog goes fucking
“You wanna hand?” Dean asked, watching him struggle, and the kid grinned and shoved his hair out of his eyes.
- "Miss You", blink 182
"Imp! Shards girl, it's just Cas!" Dean says, trying to keep his irritation out of his voice. Her ears swivel back towards him, then flick away again and he sighs and sits tight, glancing back at Sam, who's halted Kaz and is shading his eyes to watch Novath descend.
“Promise me than once you have caught him you’ll come home and sleep for a week,” Cas says finally, halfway through unbuttoning Dean’s overshirt, and Dean hums an affirmative.
then the demons attack; five of them, in human vessels. one goes after cas when he's outside, and he manages to wrench a door off one of the cars to fend it off. the other four come for emmy. they're good, and three of them have sam, dean and bobby occupied while the other grins at emmy. she stares it down, but it swipes a hand and she goes smacking into the wall, eyes wide. dean dimly hears the other two shout, but mostly he just hears his blood roaring in his ears as he watches the demon advance on emmy where she's pinned helpless. then cas comes barreling through the door, wielding the car door like a crazy person, and catches the demon on the back of the head. it snarls, spinning round, and cas hits it again, knocking it off balance, just as bobby kills his demon and throws the sword at the other one. emmy drops like a stone, but she lands easily on her feet, mouth set and eyes furious, and the other two demons get burned out with extreme prejudice. they all kind of group hug her after that, and dean looks up to find cas staring down at the bodies, and catches his eye, beckoning him over with a flick of his head. he joins them hesitantly, but emmy twists, grabbing a fistful of his t-shirt, and makes it clear she includes him in this family.
“Dean, we need to get those boys-”
Night has fallen by the time Joshua reappears, making the leaves on the surrounding trees rustle.
“I know some of your sick brothers have kidnapped my daughter and are planning to do fuck-knows-what to her as we speak,” Dean says evenly. “And I know they’ve probably already killed Cas.”
a while ago.
Charlie's face goes hard and she pulls her arm out from under Dean's hand. "Which bits?"
"A whelp," Crowley answers. "Born a few minutes ago - you have to take them away or they'll get eaten. They don't make very good mothers."
to coming because
the damn thing."
“Shut up, I
Cas comes with a stuttered breath, like it’s been punched out of him, and Dean can feel it, a sudden rush of heat. Cas pins him in place like it’s nothing as he rides out the aftershocks, then pulls out, sets Dean back on his feet and folds down to his knees in pretty much one smooth movement. Dean slams his eyes shut, prays that the rushing he can hear is the shower and not just his own frantic heartbeat, and feels his whole body shudder as Cas sucks at the head of his dick and shoves three fingers back up between his legs.
“The fuck do you
,” Dee hisses, sounding furious with the entire universe except for the way her voice wavers. “I’m- Sammy, I think I’m bleeding.”
michael, lucifer, balthazar and gabriel are cas’s cousins of varying degrees etc etc. Gabe once says that their family tree is less a tree than it is a bramble patch - tangled and twisted and hostile to intruders. they all kind of live in one huge ancestral mansion/castle thing, but by the time dean visits in the summer of their fifth year michael and lucifer are gone and it’s just cas, balthy and gabe. chuck and becky only live in a few rooms though, cause chuck hates rattling around in the house. (this means dean and cas can slip away easily...)
Joshua glances down at the fire that now crackles a foot or so away from him on all sides. “I cannot say this is making me particularly inclined towards helping you.”
Castiel nods, and Crowley sets both hands flat against the stone, then braces his shoulders and heaves. The rockface splits open and white light pours forth, the sheer contained
Tsalia is sitting bolt upright, tail twitching. Jac huffs something that might be a laugh, warm and fond.
“Thanks,” Dean says, throwing her an absent smile and already halfway to the doors, trying not to look too freaked out.
“Okay, Deano,” John Winchester said, squeezing his son’s shoulder, “this is it. You’ll be fine.”
“And this here, round the bend, is your firs’ sight o’ Hogwarts.” If it were possible to flourish with just words, that’s what he did, the pride in his voice humming like a harmony, but then the path opened up ahead of Dean, spreading suddenly into a wide vista and revealing the castle, and he understood.
“The first person to wake up in Vegas with no clue how he got there and a shiny new ring on his finger.”
eventually cas looks up at him. "dean-" dean raises his eyebrows. "this is all so-" he shakes his head, takes a deep breath. "i know bobby has alcohol in the house. just a glass, dean, please. this is so much to absorb-"
"We're doing this. You know how to use this?"
Dean snorts. “Yeah right. You wanna maybe add Modern Bride to the list, Samantha?”
Joshua looks him straight in the eye. “I cannot tell you while you insist on keeping me trapped like an animal in a cage.”
Cas’s mouth tugs upward, eyes glittering. “But you informed me earlier that smartasses don’t get laid.”
A small white shape skims down out of the sky, flurrying to a stop right between Tsalia’s paws. She immediately lowers her head, and Emmanuel hops close enough to enfold her in his wings.
They do pass a flock of police cars along the way, and several of them flash at him and peel away to follow, but he manages to lose them by recklessly twisting and turning down sideroads and through parking lots, Iope hunched in his lap with her fingers fisted in his shirttails in an extremely encouraging vote of confidence in his driving skills.
When she regains control over her body she pushes herself back upright and finds Cas watching her with his usual intent expression, like she’s fascinating but inexplicable. She can’t help laughing a little.
Cas stares up at him, still bemused but trusting, so trusting (too trusting, or that damn bitch would never have been able to-). “Alright. But I’m confused - I know she stabbed me, but um, I don’t...appear to be dead.”
“I missed you,” Conesta says, drawing away enough to speak. “It hurts.”
with all her weight behind it.
Dean takes a breath. It’s shocky, shaky, and it...wheezes.
“Of course, they’re my kin.”
," Cas breathes, arching herself into Sam's touch, and Sam gently presses her back down without stopping.
"But you weren't going on benders or visiting brothels or eating pie before you met me, and that's what makes you human."
“Just...” Dean says, not meeting Cas’s eyes, “be careful up there, okay? And call us if you need anything.” He does look up then, finding Cas, of course, already watching him, eyes softer than his normal freaky-scientist stare. “You’re gonna be fine, you’re gonna win this thing, okay?”
When they find Cas, it's almost an anticlimax. One minute there's nothing, the next the ground is sloping downwards, stream whispering up ahead, and there's a figure crouched at the water's edge, poised for flight but currently at rest, water in his cupped palms and a deceptively cute white bird-daemon bathing in the shallows, feathers all fluffed up.
"It's a nice thought, Dean," Cas says, "but again, it would be naming him after aspects of Heaven. Also, he's his own...personality, he needs his own name."
“Look, we can’t take him with us,” Dean says ruthlessly as he opens the car. “In case you hadn’t noticed, we’re kinda busy right now being on the run from the chompers, and we don’t even have the panic room or anything to lock him in. Every demon in Hell’d be on our asses the moment we took him outta there.”
,” he says impatiently. “I’m still here, aren’t I? Not all stab wounds are fatal.”
2014!Cas and the first time he has sex with Dean (shoulder massages and ignoring all the signs that Dean's brooding over Sam again, and spat accusations of his being too high to care about anything any more and wall slamming and Cas just utterly unconcerned and kissing him like he knows it's all Dean needs. It isn't, but he'll take it.)
“You sure?” she asks, and Dean nods, feeling a little less like one of those fucking idiotic bobblehead dolls this time. No, he definitely needs to do the calling.
“Thank you, Dean,” St Claire says quietly, and Dean sets the rest of the bandages back on the table and steps back to allow him the space to re-dress.
It’s all the time Dean needs. He twists his head round to check the sigil, joins up the two wandering ends of the circle and corrects one of the symbols, then spits, “Have fun motherfuckers,” and smacks his hand down onto the world’s smallest banishing sigil.
Cas fingers slip out of his mouth, though they linger at his throat, spread across his collarbone. Dean also pretty sure that’s a smile pressed against the skin of his shoulder.
They ditch the old Mustang they’ve been using just outside of the town and hike the rest of the way to Rufus’s, bags slung over their shoulders. It’s just turning to evening when they get there, the sun dipping below the treetops and lighting them up gold, gilding the cabin in rich light and shadows. Dean immediately makes a beeline for the tarpaulin-covered Impala sitting majestically in the driveway, bags abandoned a few feet from the porch.
He can't help the surprised little noise he makes when the next pass of Cas's fingers dips deliberately against the muscle, a fleeting second of extra pressure before they continue up towards his spine.
“Dean? Did you find-?” he hears Hayley call after him as he hurtles out the doors, and he yells a thank you over his shoulder because yeah, yeah he did.
Cas is ambling towards the other Dean’s cabin, light catching on the bottle in his hand. Vim is gamboling around him, chasing shadows and snapping at thin air. Cas doesn’t bother knocking, just opens the door and slips inside, and Vim pauses just long enough to drop her jaw in a grin as she stares right at Dean and Tsalia, then follows him in. Are they having some kind of secret meeting? Cause if they are, Dean’s pretty fucking sure he gets a free pass to eavesdrop, cause they’ll only be talking about Sam, or maybe some vision Chuck’s had that changes their strategy for tomorrow. Tsalia crosses the distance to the cabin first, low to the ground and vanishing into the shadows under the window, and Dean follows the hollow ache under his ribs as she gets just too far away and joins her.
Misha: Ah, but that’s because it was a den of iniquity. There was all this sin everywhere, like when they use those blacklights on CSI? Cas has like, blacklight-angel-vision. And that was right after he left heaven, you know, humanity was still a foreign concept to him. By the whole porn and kissing Meg thing he was all nicely corrupted.
The other him has Cas by the hair, all gentleness gone and knuckles white as he fucks his mouth, head tipped against his supporting arm. He’s got Cas up at an angle that must be uncomfortable, but Cas doesn’t seem to care, is watching him with the same sly satisfaction he displayed when he goaded Dean into kissing him. His hands are still restless, but they stick to Dean’s lower back and thighs now, smooth strokes at odds with the increasingly fast, hard thrusts of Dean’s hips.
"and they all lived happily ever after. the end."
"Gee, thanks."
“Yeah Cas, ‘m here, I got you,” she murmurs back, tightening her arms around him and arching up to wrap her legs higher up on his hips. “I got you baby, c’mon.” Something about the shift of her hips has suddenly got her twisting up into it, instinctive and mindless as Cas hits some sweet spot that gets her shaking with it,
“He is back in Heaven, to face judgment,” Joshua says peaceably. “You should take his sword, I think, to help you break the wards.”
Iope stays huddled on the floor, arms wrapped around herself, preserving the memory of Tsalia’s warmth. Sam gently, carefully lowers Dean’s hand back to his side, then gives in to the impulse to gather Dean into his arms, muffling his sobs into his shouder.
and Bobby looks awkward and pissed and resigned, clears his throat and resettles his cap, then says "No, it's alright, you can both have your own beds"
Dean stares at it for a second, like he’s never seen one before, and then he remembers to hit the button and lifts it to his ear.
Sam and Dean exchange a look:
Dean nodded shortly but they didn’t talk again. Dessert was, incredibly, even better than the main course had been, mostly due to the huge cherry pie that appeared right in front of him and the blueberry one Ash passed him from further down the table. He managed third helpings of both, even though it felt like his stomach might explode, then leaned back in his chair and listened to the lazy chatter of the other students and the occasional clink of utensils.
Dean’s staring at Iope in shock, pale and wide-eyed. it’s not the first time they’ve touched, disregarding the occasional whisper-brush of fur against jeans when they’re crowded into the car or on the couch, but it doesn’t happen often and only ever in pretty dire circumstances.
“Look, I know this is hard,” Dean says quietly, raking a hand through his hair. "Fuck, Tsalia, I’ll never forgive him for that but I kind of hate that he didn’t choose something else, any other way to get us out the game, cause then, fuck, I probably would.” He sinks down onto his haunches and Tsalia comes slinking over, both of them unwilling to say how much they need the comfort. “I just- I fucking wish I could just punch him in the face, for real, and leave him. But he’s a threat, Tsalia, just like Raphael and Lucifer and Lilith, and we’ve gotta stop him.” Tsalia nuzzles wordlessly into his chest, uncomplaining even when his hands fist tight in her fur. “I don’t want to kill him,” Dean tells her, low, head bent over her like anyone else could overhear, “but we have to.”
Adelaide grins, then covers her yawn with one hand. Dean swigs back the rest of his chocolate in one and hums agreeably, wiping over his mouth with one hand. "We haven't got a spare room made up, but you can have the couch if you're okay with that?"
"What was she?" he asks one evening, when they've made a fire because they can and Benny is poking at the kindling with a branch, eyes frequently sliding sideways to Tsalia, basking on her side in the warmth. "Your daemon?"
He hesitates, then dials Sam again.
Gabriel
that, Tsalia?”
it takes another few weeks before they properly touch on the fact that emmy is cas's child too, and from there, the circumstances of her 'birth' and everything associated. it's not a happy conversation, and there is a lot of shouting and a few days of tense silences which confuse and irritate emmy, but finally they both agree to disagree and they both admit they may have been stupid and then they resume the sex thing.
"That is intensely aggravating," Cas says from right in front of him, flat and clipped, and Dean does
the night sky.
“Uh, how...how early the first wedding of the year would be?”
There's no bang, no flash of light; just one minute Cas is there, and the next second it's a skinny while cat with tan stripes up its front legs.
joshua shrugs. "it is no longer our concern."
Dean stares at him. "I- Seriously? Well what, do we get angel-bodyguards or something?"
"Nice peach fuzz," he teases, can't help himself, ticking a knuckle off Cas's jaw, and Cas blinks back at him with eyes that are ancient and weary and faintly stunned, like he can't quite believe Dean came looking for him.
“Yes. I got it yesterday, it’s Enochian; it hides me from the angels.” He throws a glance at the body of the reaper. “But not, sadly, from anything else.”
“What’re you so Cheshire Cat about, huh?” Dean asks, and Sam cuts his eyes to him and shakes his head, smile widening.
, Sam-”
“More than once, especially when they’re so smug about it.”
The guy smiles, just a little, a small curve of the lips. "You can call me Daniel. I believe my brother forewarned you about me?"
“Sure,” Bobby says, neutral. “And what’s with the jack-in-the-box routine?”
"...you don't
“Let him go.”
and insane and he needs to be put down, Tsalia! You’ve gotta stop pining over all the good stuff he does, cause he’s fucking shit up too! He’s
, and what if he doesn’t notice something’s wrong until it’s too late? What if there’s some complication that his grace can’t cure? The hundred problems Sam knows he shouldn’t have read about but couldn’t help it because had to
“Hey munchkin!” Sam says, sweeping her up so she can get her arms round his neck and kiss him on the cheek. “Emmy, this is Bethany.”
“Wait ‘til you have one, Einstein. So, you know how this works, right?” She lets go of his wrist and his fingers slip against her, sending another shiver through her.
"No, I just can't even have
“Your confidence in me is unwarranted, but much appreciated,” Cas says gravely, hands coming up to curl round Dean’s wrists and gently push Dean’s hands away. He squeezes once, then lets go.
"Alright?" Cas asks, a rumble, and Dean nods blindly against his skin. He isn't sure exactly how it feels, actually, but he knows what it
dean manages to kick in a locked door in one blow. “hey, what can i say, eat your veggies sammy and one day you too could...grow up...more...to be this awesome. spinach, man, it’s all in the spinach.”
"Nah," Benny says easily, leaning back on his arms. "You're not that kinda person, brother. Takes a special kinda human t'end up in monster hell with his daemon intact, lookin' for an angel. And that kinda person don't have a daemon that trots around following the pack and the rules."
overdue for all of this. The leviathans are gone, the apocalypse is off the cards, nothing and no one is out to get them and the three of them are still here; broken and battered and fucked up, yeah, but here.
“Shut up, I like seeing happy stuff for once,” Sam says, shoving at his shoulder. “C’mon, don’t tell me you’ve never thought about it.”
when he was twelve and way too eager to overshare.
“Yeah. Like I said, I was gonna do it right, candles and champagne and, and rose petals and shit, but...” she shrugs. “That hooker hadn’t really unwrapped you, but she’d got started and since you normally look like some repressed tax accountant it was a big deal.” She slants a look at him. “I don’t think you get how much willpower I had to not just grab you by the tie and ravish you right there.”
” the female reporter is saying, and Dean’s stomach folds in on itself, flooding bile up into his throat, and thank god he hasn’t eaten cause otherwise he’d be throwing up, all over everybody’s shiny clean shoes. “
He leaves the box of phones on the bed, and doesn’t notice until he’s several thousand miles down the road.
When she's murmured her thanks and they've both waved her off, the guy continues. "I'm Dean, and that's Cas, and you probably don't believe me because we're just two crazy guys with too many dogs, but the building you probably saw out there is my garage."
Cas's eyes bore into his. "I don't trust anyone else. You're too precious to me to entrust to another's care."
"Stay down," Tsalia snaps, and then something huge and furry and bellowing erupts from the trees and she throws herself to meet it, while a second comes hurtling out as soon as she's gone and heads straight for Dean, mad red eyes glinting in the dull light.
actually bothered to come visit.” She comes trotting over, claws clicking on the rough wood floor, and butts her head into Tsalia’s chest. “Hi, just call me Vim.” Tsalia draws back, ears flattening disapprovingly, but Vim just laughs  and drops down onto her back, batting at Tsalia’s chin with her paws. Tsalia bares her teeth and backs away, and Vim flops over onto her side and watches her, tongue hanging out and tail smacking the floor.
“Yeah,” Dean answers shortly, “and maybe we can’t.”
“Yeah, but it’ll be good for like, falsifying records, IDs, whatever we need,” Sam says, getting animated now. “We’ve still got some of Bobby’s books and there's still all the Campbell stuff, we could rebuild his library, get Dad’s journal properly organized, get a proper hunter network up...” He turns to Cas. “Sounds good, right Cas?”
Cas's nails scrabble against the couch cushions, keen building in her throat and legs shaking, and Sam presses his calves carefully further back against the couch, trapping her ankles so she doesn't brain Dean with her thrashing or wrap her legs around his head like she'd so clearly like to and suffocate him. Not that Dean looks like he'd care, eyes closed like he's completely zen-ed out as he does whatever it is he's doing that s making Cas's voice break and her whole body tremble. Dean rides the bucking of her hips easily, his hold on her keeping her from fucking his face too wildly, and when she finally stills he opens his eyes and looks up at her.
“Nah,” Dee says easily, sitting up and balancing herself with her hands spread flat on his chest, feeling the rise and fall of his breathing and the warmth of his skin. She smirks down at him as laciviously as she can; her very own, thoroughly debauched angel. “Just cause it’s the end of the world doesn’t mean you can’t bang a few gongs before the lights go out.”
"I won't be complicit in exposing you to further traumatic memories," Cas says evenly, but there's a hint of elemental force under the words. "And worse, I won't have you associating me with them."
“I know.” She blinks up at him, eyes so like Cas’s, and Dean lowers his head to press a kiss to her soft, soft hair. “I felt Corabael descend to Earth, and then she pulled me out of the closet and took me to that basement and lit the holy fire.”
Cas reaches out, and a second later the three of them are standing in what's obviously a little girl's room, everything done in pastel shades and flowers and muted further by the darkness of the room. The girl herself is sitting rigidly up in bed, kitten pajamas making the length of wood in her white-knuckled grip look even more insanely out of place. Trust Cas to get them into something like this; she's gonna scream for her mom, and then they'll all be totally, completely and utterly fucked.
Eon/Eona AU. Dean is the crown prince, Cas summoned as the latest angel to the court, Ruby is Lady Dela (she spends most of the second half in a man's body because they're on the run, and Cas starts in Claire's body) and Sam gets to be Riko/the second prince. Crowley is probably Lord Ido (though they need him more because he knows about Purgatory than to train Cas), and Nick was John's brother who's been possessed by the long-lost archangel Lucifer, with YED as his lieutenant. Gabe and Anna are the heads of the resistance, and Balthazar was Cas's friend at the palace who he told to get out while he could. Instead of the chain of pearls, Cas intends to open Purgatory and use that power to defeat Lucifer.
Emmy makes a stifled sound and yeah, it hurts like
"the nephilim were born of human mothers, and were merely the result of mating when the angel was in a human vessel. there was no grace involved. regardless, when her grace was cut-off from the host, she was able to assuage that loss by tapping into the energy of her soul. in that regard she is very human, always willing to adapt and change. indeed, she seems content with it, and hasn't reached out to the host once."
“My parents are visiting my brother up in London; he’s at Oxford,” Dean says, fighting the urge to bristle at the mocking quality to St Claire’s tone. He has every right to be annoyed at Dean’s accusations of treachery; after all, he came to his nationality by no fault of his own. Not all of Dean’s suspicions are yet assuaged, however; the French are untrustworthy bastards. “Can I ask what happened to you?” he adds boldly, as St Claire shucks his coat and makeshift tourniquet, wincing.
“He’s not gonna break, even from your giant sasquatch hand,” Dee says, her voice scratchy, but she’s smiling as she says it, wider than Sam’s seen for a long time. Her hair’s still mostly pulled back, but the usual crazy bits have escaped and are stuck to her cheeks and neck. Her colour’s high, eyes glittering, but she seems fine. “Bobby, the hell are you lurkin’ for? Get over here.”
Ollie laughs. Full on, body-shaking, head thrown back to howl at the heavens
All credit for the mistletoe goes, of course, to The Shoebox Project.
"Hmm," Cas allows, eyes going distant again as he thinks it over, sorting through the myriad languages in his head.
"We can't be far, I can smell salt," Sam says, and Dean nods, pushing up in the stirrups to squint at the road ahead. It's shimmering a little in the heat, dusty and pale, and he's thinking about nudging Imp ahead a bit to see when there's that clap of displaced air and a blue dragon appears ahead and to their left, wheeling lazily above them.
"Everything is helpful, Mrs Greenburg," Sam assures her, and she takes a deep breath.
“He chose to do it,” Iope says flatly. “It’s his penance. I think we can say he’s absolved.”
“Pastor Jim understands that you worked late last night and that, as a consequence, I might also be late today.”
Cas isn’t gonna let her get away that easy though, and his voice is impressively steady, if lower than she’s ever heard it, when he says, “Dee.”
A lantern was hanging above the crowd at the end of the platform - and then they got closer and Dean saw that no, it wasn’t hanging, it was held in a hand almost the size of his torso, and the patch of darkness he’d been thinking was a tree was actually the head of a man, hair tangled like a crown of leaves. Dean barely came up to his waist, and he was pretty sure he could have used one of the guy’s boots as a sleeping bag. This had to be Rubeus Hagrid; half-giant, hero of the Battle of Hogwarts and one of Harry Potter’s best friends.
And so, I give you - the Emmy 'verse
“Can you not simply resume more civilian lives?” Cas asks from where he’s leaning against the bathroom door. “You’ve both done so before.”
“Nah, help yourself.”
Dean considers him for a moment, then folds his arms, looming over him, and Cas lets his head fall back against the wall so he can stare up at him and shudders, stroking himself long and lasciviously. Dean says something, low and rumbling, and Cas huffs a laugh and pops open his fly. It’s not in the least surprising that he’s going commando. He wraps a hand around his dick and shivers, hips arching, and when Dean says something else he licks his lips and settles back against the wall, eyes falling shut as he jacks himself off.
"I know," Dean says wearily, tipping his head forward to thump into her chest. "'M just tired."
. She grabs them and sets them firmly on her hips, drags them up her sides, under her shirt and t-shirt and over skin, and he groans, hands curling just under her bra and thumbs dipping over her ribs like he’s counting to make sure he got them all right. She’s about to make some smartass remark along those lines, but then he slides his whole hands down over her stomach, slow and sweeping and spreading warmth in their wake, and she settles for biting gently at his lip instead.
“Oh,” the aviator says vaguely, staring down at the bloody sleeve himself. “Yes, so it would seem.” He reaches for his necktie, unfastening it with nimble fingers, and takes one end in his teeth, looping the other a couple of times around his arm and drawing it tight, then tying it neatly off.
“Shut up, Sammy, I think I get a free pass here."
, gloriously as naked as Dean, and Cas, freak that he is, just reaches down, grabs Dean’s ass and fucking
Crowley waves a hand. "You know the rough direction, not the fastest route. And if I'm with you, there's no chance of you getting, ah,
Emmanuel guides them into one of the records rooms and Cas slams the door behind them, settling Dean gently up against the nearest shelf. Emmanuel darts around the perimeter and Cas follows him with his eyes, shoulders tightening. They’re trapped in here and they all know it, but where else could they go?
can handle authority,
Below him, the angels are debating what to do now - whether they finish Cas off, or let him see Emmy die first, and at what point they kill Dean.
, I need to overwrite the bad memories with better ones, which is why I think you should...try that again." He sits up and strips out of his shirt as he talks, then yanks his t-shirt over his head. The sheets rustle, springs squeaking, but Cas is just sitting up, watching him inscrutably.
"Yeah, actually," Dee says, preoccupied with stroking a thumb over baby Bobby's cheek and keeping his impatient splutterings down to a soft grumble, even as he turns his face into her touch, mouthing at her thumbtip. "A sandwich might be nice."
Cas in hanging on the wall above three more angels, the silver swords through his hands and feet glimmering in the firelight. There are crimson tracks over his skin and down the wall, but worse than that is the faint glow around the wounds, the last remnants of his grace bleeding away.
Dean doesn't realise he's holding his breath until it rushes out of him on a helpless shudder, whole body flinching. He sucks in another, forces it out slow, and Cas's finger returns, warm and slick, just light feather-soft touches, and it's- bearable.
, Sam. It might have with three heads or eyes all over its body or wings or just be
Charlie chokes.
"Ugh, gimme that, Bob. Garth, you still cryin' into your Cheerios over Eddie? Yeah? Then stop your pansy-ass mopin', go out there and get him back."
Three police cars are parked outside, lights strobing, and someone’s being loaded into an ambulance on a stretcher, oxygen mask over their face. Dean takes a breath and feels like something’s wrapped itself tight around his chest.
set during sixth year (so about the same time as the previous chapter actually), when Cas was getting really stuck in to the prefect thing
The last of the blood vanishes, wounds closed, and Sam staggers back and into the wall, braces himself and only half-succeeds, and Dean starts towards him but then there’s that first soft, startled intake of breath behind him. Sam wobbles, and then falls like he’s been poleaxed, and hopefully that’s just Ezekiel punching out for the day but what if-
“They’re well-protected; they don’t wish to be found, and I cannot do so with any degree of accuracy while you keep me imprisoned here.” He opens his eyes, meeting Dean’s calmly.
he was manhandling there - and Tsalia had flinched, ears flattening, but Cas had been business-like and set Iope down again in front of them, where she’d just slumped to the grass, all the fight gone out of her.
“We live over that way,” Mary adds, nodding north-east, “and Bobby’s over there, Rufus up towards the mountains-”
He almost hits some chick in a pastel blue minivan on his way out, but fuck her, she got her kid safe in the back, sprawled against the seat with legs too short to reach the floor. He guns the engine the moment he’s out and the Impala thunders forward; normally he’d be exhilarated but right now he’s just glad to be moving. The library should be pretty empty this time of day, with the older kids still in school and the nerds still in class or at work, so he’ll be able to just get in, grab Cas and go. Fuck Bobby for going out to help with that fucking suspected werewolf pack on the other side of the state, and fuck Sam for being in freaking
“I’ll tell you when you’re older,” Dean says, chivvying them both towards the door.
“Arson?” Cas asks and Dean shakes his head, coming up behind him and digging both hands into Cas’s shoulders, tight from hours of hunching over his work. The breath Cas exhales isn’t because of Dean’s ministrations though. “How many?”
“Love potions are, of course, banned at Hogwarts,” Professor Crowley continued, glancing lazily round at them all, “and as NEWT students I’d hope you’d know better than to try and sneak anything that you make today out of this classroom, not least because there is no guarantee that any of the concoctions you produce will do anything more than poison the object of your affections.” He smiled thinly. “You may begin.”
The girl cocks her head, like this is a weird thing to be asked. “Of course.”
“Oh, so that’s what this is about?” Dean says nastily, sick to death of the whole subject and hearing the unwelcome echo of his own voice:
of such creatures. Bigger than houses, he's heard some dragons are; which means their teeth and claws...
alastair spends dean’s fourth year subtley stalking him around school. gabe tells dean he should try out for the quidditch team after seeing him and cas go flying for fun one saturday afternoon. dean says he will next year, cause tryouts are already been and gone for this year (and also because fuck fuck fuck flying competitively in front of other people ahhh), and he makes cas practise with him, despite cas’ dislike of regulated flying. also, he’s sort of bluffing - he’s still not hugely confident on a broom unless he’s with cas. michael and luifer, the gryffindor and slytherin quidditch captains, spend the year having spats in the halls and turning their houses against each other.
Dean’s first thought is to call Cas, but something tells him there will be others with a better explanation. “BALTHAZAR!”
good. Cas said your sister-in-law makes it?"
He lifts a hand to scratch it, and little bits of coloured paper flake off, landing on his chest. His bare chest.
Which just leaves Sam, alone.
"Cas, you...okay?" Sam asks, and the cat gives him the best 'what the fuck kind of question is that?' look ever, then opens its mouth and mews, the same kind of rough rasp as Cas's voice. Dean has to admit, for a crazy second there he though it was gonna speak - and judging by the surprised step backwards and flattened ears, so did Cas. He tries again, somehow managing to enunciate the sound, then growls low in his throat and goes still. After a beat, the very end of his tail starts twitching.
"Y-yeah, b-but..." and Sam looks kind of awkward and scratches at his sideburns.
“...Yeah, I can hear that,” Dean manages finally, and fuck, he’s teared up so much he can’t even see. Even so, he hopes there are puppies and rainbows and fireworks everywhere. “You- are you still at the airport?”
"It's no trouble, she's used to sleeping outside," Castiel says, sounding vaguely weary. "Dragons aren't afforded the same luxury as farm animals, with four walls and straw to lie on when sleeping outside becomes inadvisable."
The worst part though, the very worst, is when Cas is hunched up against the wall, all wide terrified eyes, and this new daemon is fluttering along the floor at his feet begging them for help, lost and vulnerable and scared and reaching out to the only people Cas knows.
"Dean," Tsalia says, tensed against his leg, "stop shouting. He ain't coming back, and we've got incoming."
Cas is watching him, looking surprisingly young with his collar sticking up and hair wild, but he already looks more relaxed and Dean counts it as a win. He makes short work of Cas's shirt buttons, fingers ticking down his chest and leaving a lengthening V of skin in their wake while Cas does his cuffs, and then Dean's pushing the shirt off his shoulders too and barely giving Cas time to shake it off his arms before he's shoving him, hard, and Cas goes sprawling backwards onto the bed, startled and staring as Dean drops to his knees and pulls off his shoes and socks, tongue darting out over his lips.
that, dickbag, I just wanna talk. You know what he’s been like lately. We can just plan revenge on Raphael and like, cuddle, I don’t care, I just wanna hang out with him again.” Sam’s patented puppy eyes didn’t look half as appealing on him, but he tried them anyway, since Balthazar had always seemed to have a soft spot for Sam. “Please, Balthazar, just tell him.”
. Cas, apparently unperturbed, merely raises his eyebrows and vanishes. Dean curses him and Sam out as loud as he can in his head and gathers his clothes up into one big crotch-shielding lump, then opens the door.
“Don’t hex me, dude, you’ll ruin all my plans.”
slughorn retired (stress you know) and professor crowley teaches potions.
Dean balks. Sure, he’s cleaned out nasty gashes on sheep’s legs, sharp stones from Imp’s hooves, scrapes and shallow cuts on various animals too stupid to know any better, but a dragon? A dragon at least twice the size of any prize bull Dean’s seen at market, with injures deliberately inflicted by an enemy and too far gone to know he’s trying to help?
“Dean!” she says brightly when she sees him, straightening up and smiling at him. “You made it!”
“WELL WELL WELL, WHAT DO WE HAVE HERE?” booms a gleeful, distinctly botanical kind of voice, and they jerk apart. The mistletoe surveys them without eyes, radiating evil delight. “OH NO, DON’T STOP ON MY ACCOUNT. I ALWAYS LIKE TO SEE VOLUNTARY KISSING-”
Cas blinks at him. "Dean, you can't just-"
“Anyway, what about you?” Dean points out, avoiding the question. They all know he can’t go back anyway. “You need us to stick with you, dude. what the hell would you do on your own?”
[Jen, sitting in her chair while not needed on set and drinking coffee. She looks terrible, eye bruised and cheek red and blood down her chin. When she grins at the camera, her teeth are crimson.]
." It's rich and thick and sweet without being sickening, and it coats her tongue and warms her throat as it flows down to her stomach.
Dean follows her to the break room, where the TV’s up loud and full of smoking debris, metal and grass, and everyone else in the room kind of twitches towards him as he comes in, faces blank.
of sigils, Da, and some of them were older than Enochian,
Cas makes an intrigued kind of noise and rolls gently sideways so he's facing Dean, one wing kind of trapped behind him and fanned over the bedcover and the other spreading open to balance him, curved so it arches over Dean's head. Dean tilts his head to stare up at it, watching the way the light filters though the long feathers, the minute corrections it makes as Cas moves in his peripheral vision. Cas snorts, amused, and the wing twists back on itself as he lies back down. Dean blinks down at him, then realises Cas's pants are hanging looser on his hips and gets his fingers back through the beltloops to pull them down, shifting his other fingers to catch the waistband of Cas's underwear as he goes. Oh yeah, he's is so fucking smooth. Cas kicks his legs idly, helping to get his feet free, and then Dean's throwing the last of Cas's clothes off the bed and is finally faced with nothing but naked skin.
“If they did get zapped back to Purgatory with Dick...well, it’s a kind of Hell,” Iope says quietly, after about the tenth unanswered prayer. “It probably will take them...a while to get out.”
have you two been doing? And anyway, why the fuck did you go to
Dean shoves himself upright. "What? Are you serious? No, c'mon, you were human for a while,
Cas’s fingers, still slightly sticky, settle on the inside of Dean’s thigh, right above his knee.  His skin’s still sensitive, nerves sparking feebly at the touch, and he laughs and blinks away from staring at the ceiling, pillow rustling under his head.
[Jen and Misha, in costume, are mucking around on set while the crew fiddle with the equipment, standing close and shoving at each other, laughing, each trying to overbalance the other. Misha goes windmilling backwards and Jen raises victory arms.]
"Okay."
“Don’t...touch her.”
"No, 'gah' is the Enochian word for 'soul' or 'spirit', I was just unaware of that at the time. It is, essentially, the same as calling him 'hey, you'."
Dean does. It makes his bones ache, sends pain screeching up his arms, but his fingers wriggle against the concrete floor. “See? I’m fine, Sam.”
they go on to talk about Charlie's fandom friend who was super into that incest-y fandom - hey, no judgement - based on a cult book series about two brothers hunting monsters, which was never Charlie's cup of tea but has nevertheless reached her via fandom osmosis and is now sounding kind of familiar. This would have, i think, led to the revelation of just how much more canon has been e-published - by becky, so not strictly going back on chuck's word! - since The Real Ghostbusters, and maaaybe charlie wondering aloud about the subtext
“Just look.”
machines, all in one place.”
Cas nods slowly, a small smile tugging at his mouth. “It does.”
!” Dean snaps, but the thing evades the spell, its giggles surprisingly high-pitched.
, is the
Cas sighs. "Dean, if you would just-"
“I doubt anyone ever got denied entry to Auror training just for sneaking into the Prefect’s Bathroom,” Dean retorted. “And everyone knows Potter spent half
, but the pale face turns towards him and the man answers him before he speaks.
“Hi there, pretty,” Abaddon says cheerily, and kicks him back down, boot coming down on his neck to keep him there. Luckily he’s got his head turned to the side and the water’s pretty shallow, though it’s still not exactly easy to breathe through one nostril and half his mouth. He can’t see him anymore, but behind her Sam’s slumped against the wall, clearly still out cold, hands and feet bound and a noose loose around his neck. The girl, Tracy, is several feet away, held by two impassive male-bodied demons and kicking up a fuss about it. Good for her, Dean thinks wearily, but it won’t do her any good.
“Stop talking and breathe.” But her fingers clench around his, rubbing absently over her bump like he’s seen her do sometimes when she’s been thinking about Cas and Naomi and all the weirdness that’s been going on up in Heaven this year. The baby kicks under the touch, hard enough that even Sam feels it, and Dee hisses. “No squirt, it’s fine, sssh. We’re fine.”
“Give a guy a little warning, Cas,” Dean manages once Cas is settled, and in answer Cas surges forward and kisses him hard enough to knock Dean’s head off the headboard and wraps his hand over the scar on Dean’s shoulder. That familiar jolt of heat goes straight down to Dean’s dick and he rolls his hips up without thinking about it, and Cas makes an approving noise that buzzes against his lips and takes it, then rocks back down.
“I know.”
"Uh. Yeah."
“Okay then, hi Emmy,” Bethany says, and Emmy giggles.
“The first
"No, I- he'd better be alive, is all."
For a moment he just wants to say
[It’s a grey and rainy day. The camera pans around the trailers and finds Misha, all bundled up in a raincoat with the hood up and clutching a coffee. She offers a grin.]
Gabriel snaps his fingers and a sprig of the stuff appears above their heads, revolving gently. “This is our cue to go inside,” he stage-whispers at Sam, and Sam rolls his eyes and holds the door open for him.
“Dee?”
Cas considers this, firelight painting his skin honey and bronze. Sam yells for Iope, asking what else comes after the tomatoes and oregano, and Iope answers that nothing does, you just leave it to simmer. Sam ambles in at about the same time Cas shakes his head.
“dean, you don’t even know what spinach looks like”
(”Tell me about Dean,” she’d said to Sam a good few months into their relationship, tired of only hearing about his family via the odd funny anecdote; he’s cagey about his life up ‘til now, and she doesn’t exactly want his whole life story, but a few details would be nice. So far, all she knows is that Dean loves his car, its tape deck and the tapes of Zeppelin and Metallica and other loud guitar music, that he has a particularly robust sense of humour, and that he lives with the ‘Cas’ it’d taken her far too long to realise was actually male, and their daughter Mary Ellen, who everyone calls Emmy.
"Sorry Bobby, I know it's past eleven there, but. Uh. We kind of have a problem."
So it’s weird as fuck to see this “Emmanuel” guy with a cute little black and white bird-daemon perched on his shoulder like he’s always been there (and yeah, Dean’s kind of surprised that Cas’s daemon is male, but then the dude isn’t exactly human is he, and with magical healing powers come same-sex daemons, so whatever). Turns out that, like Cas, the bird is a badass - some kind of hawk or something - and when Cas gets all smitey with the demons the bird claws at their faces, shrieking in a way that kind of makes Dean think his ears are gonna start bleeding again.
“Our deal was, I would go in his place. At the happiest moment of my life, the Empty would come and take me away. The price was my life, the best moment of my life; when I experienced true happiness, the Empty would be summoned. I made the deal, because it was for Jack, and I waited, wondering what the moment would be,
“Hey Cas, I could- I mean, if it’s gonna help, cause
Cas won’t be coming back.
His hand slides out of her open jeans and she swings off him so she can wriggle out of them, then fishes her wallet out of the back pocket and gets the condom out. Cas has somehow managed to get everything else off in the same time, and she raises her eyebrows and slings her leg back over his.
. We do not form alliances with the King of freakin' Hell! What's so hard to understand about that?"
he’ll be making, not even the deliberate ones, just the slick sound of wet skin as he sucks, lets the other Dean fuck his mouth as he gets close-
"Don't, Bobby. I'm- I'm happy for you, okay, but this is not turning into the rainbow connection."
“I thought this was supposed to be enjoyable,” Cas murmurs, and she quirks an eyebrow at him, summons a smirk and sinks one hand into his hair again, listens to the hitching noise he makes when she tightens herself around him, low and choked, and leans up to bite at his lower lip. He kisses her willingly, the hand behind her head twisting to wrap her hair around his fingers, mimicking what she’s doing to him, and she tips her head up into it; as long as he isn’t trying to yank it out, they’re good.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Come on,” Iope says softly, reaching up to wrap her little fingers around his and tugging him away, and he lets her lead him back to the car.
Emmanuel flutters ahead and Tsalia follows behind, bulling herself into Dean’s legs to keep him moving every time he falters, ears flat and teeth bared. Billie is following, relentless, and Tsalia snarls at her approaching shadow on the wall as they round another corner.
"If you say so, Dean." But Cas's voice is warm, his expression fond. Dean smiles back at him, because damn right he says so.
and Dean pushed it open, the other two crowding in after him.
for him but more than willing to hang on for the ride.
“They don’t wish to be found because they know what they’re doing is wrong, that it goes against God’s wishes. As such they have warded the building so strongly that, short of the Almighty Himself, no denizen of Heaven can enter.”
Dean hears his voice drop even lower, a snarl. “So where the
asexual!Cas! ("sex? but that seems messy and unnecessary" and dean blows out this huge relieved breath and is like "WELL THEN okay let's do this thing" and then they're ridic and schmoopy and cuddly and sometimes dean has sex with teh ladiez because they're willing and a dude has needs but cas is his forever home)
Tsalia winds herself around his legs, and Dean laughs and stoops down to bury his face in her fur, listening to the familiar wheels-on-tarmac rumble of her purr. She pushes herself up on her hind legs so she can nuzzle their faces together, forefeet on his thighs, whiskers tickling his cheeks, his neck. He rakes his hands down her soft flanks, aware of the absence of the scars she’s carried since Hell. Her ears are both whole and unnotched, her eyes glowing gold and surrounded by unblemished skin.
“Gabriel and...Raphael?” Dean guesses, and Castiel laughs.
They wait. Dean paces; Sam reads the gravestones nearest to the gate, fingers tapping against his thighs. And always there's the murmur from one or other of them, sometimes overlaying each other: angeli dei, nomine Castiel, precipimus te redeo...
The handprint on his shoulder prickles. It’s nothing, the lightest feather-brush, but it tickles down his arm and he twitches a finger against the rough brick of the wall. It sends flares of agony needling back up, but he can move. He flicks his eyes away from Emmy’s in case the angels notice anything, and across the room he finds Cas looking back at him, eyes barely open but showing a sliver of blue.
Cas’s head is lolling like a puppet’s, and every breath he takes sounds like a struggle and chokes off into a gasp. “It’s okay Cas, we’ve got you,” Dean tells him, yanking at the sword impaling his foot, but all that does is make Cas wheeze harder, almost a whimper, and in the end it’s Emmy who gets them out, lifted up on Dean’s shoulders to get the ones in his hands too.
Okay then.
Both of Cas’s hands come up and cradle her face, smoothing back through her hair and freeing it from its tie. Most of it’s already come loose in all the uh, excitement, but now the rest of it tumbles slowly down to brush her shoulders, and Cas strokes his fingers through it and looks at her like she’s the most amazing thing he’s ever seen. She allows it for a second or two, then ducks her head and starts to move.
"Touché," Dean agrees amiably, taking another swallow of beer and smirking at Charlie round the rim of the bottle. "Though she wasn't, y'know, powered up at the time."
“I uh, I guess I’ll go get some stuff and you can stay with him,” Sam adds, and Dean turns to look at him with raised eyebrows. “Well I mean,
you helped us since you saw fit to come on down off your cloud anyway, huh? All you’ve done is kidnap and molest kids, hook up with some old buddy of yours, pronounce Sam soulless after some more molesting, and only even bother to show up if it sounds like it could be useful to your heavenly buddies. Yeah, you’ve been a
This man is robed and hooded, eyes in shadow and a large book cradled to his chest and bound in chains. Neither of these things exactly inspires confidence. Dean opens his mouth to ask
“Stay with me?”
“I’m - the other me - is having
“Yeah, they’ll talk about how you’re a giant drama queen,” Dean returned, hardly his finest comeback but fuck it, and Balthazar tutted in disappointment and headed back to the Slytherin table.
Dean makes a non-committal noise. Not because he doesn’t want to pop Cas like an overblown balloon, but because the guy is actually being kind of useful for once. Okay yeah, the miraculous drought-ending and sudden and smitey death of a bunch of crazy religious groups was good too, but this is something for
“Or interrupted,” Dean finishes, furious, and Joshua holds up a hand.
Dee huffs. “Yeah, you can say that again. But I mean, this isn’t- I’m not trying to pretend I haven’t wanted to fuck you for uh, a while now, cause I have.” She runs her toes up his leg and back down again, watching him shiver. “But this isn’t meant to be some Disney crap with rainbows and shooting stars, okay? I- I’m really fucking glad you decided to ditch the God Squad and be on our side in this, but it’s probably gonna end bloody so you shouldn’t get your hopes up, okay?”
, dude, your wife must've asked?"
Sam takes a deep breath. "What do you know about cats?"
,” Sam instructs through the horrible thick, metallic taste in his throat, because that’s what they always say on TV, right? There some kind of special breathing thing you have to do? Not that Dee would know. “
“I wouldn’t want you to think I was tacky,” Cas agrees, still amused, and she narrows her eyes at him, then drops her hand from his shoulder and squeezes him where he’s half-hard, making him hitch a breath and twitch up into her touch.
