Sam rolled his eyes and muttered, “Pass.”
Dean turned away ready to run out the door when suddenly Cas was there, a hand on his arm and stopping him in his tracks. God, Dean felt like such a moron. Castiel had been forced to listen to him for
“You really think so?” Dean asked, his inner wolf preening because his mate found his nest beautiful.
“As the fire crackled, popped, and sizzled the women’s flesh, the men became terrified of this threat. Throughout the night, The Thirteen’s laughter lingered, echoing in their heads. In fear for their children and families, they burnt down the houses, the crops, and the land, hoping to rid them of any lingering evil. With the break of dawn, a town meeting was held and it was decreed no one was to set foot on this ground again. It had been tainted by Satan’s Whores.”
“Feels so good,” Cas slurred, lust drunk on their mingling pheromones. “More, Alpha, give me more,” the Omega keened as his mate slipped in a third finger and curled them, teasing at his prostate.
“I’m drunk, not stupid. I can smell your anger,
being complete.
The Omega’s smile was as radiant as the sun and he threw his head back and let out a loud bark of laughter. “I’ll make you pies any time you want them.”
“Me too,” Castiel purred as he nipped at Dean’s bottom lip.
“Yeah!” The man stopped and turned toward Sam.
A tour of Italy, from top to bottom had been amazing. Each region of the country distinct, beautiful, inviting, and wonderful in its own way. In Verona Castiel dragged Dean to an ancient Roman amphitheater built in 30 AD. Dean bitched and moaned the entire time, not being a fan of the opera and all. But after he watch a performance of Romeo and Juliet in that age-old acoustically astounding venue he was reluctant to admit it wasn’t half bad.
“I know,” Castiel smirked. “I tried one last night after I made them. I couldn’t even choke it down. I had to spit it out.”
By the time Dean and Castiel skidded through the opening to the fifth floor they were both panting to catch their breaths. It was only one flight from the roof, but they barreled down it like the devil himself was after them. And Castiel wasn’t quite sure he wasn’t! Dean turned to Castiel with a small smirk. “See, no ghosts or goblins.”
“You feel so good,” Castiel whispered. “The way you touch me.” The omega purred as Dean’s finger tips trailed up his slick soaked thighs. “So fuckin’ soaked for you, Alpha,” Castiel nuzzled against Dean’s throat, “wet and ready for your knot.”
Dean bumped the stove door shut with his hip as he gently placed the tray on the cooling rack. He set another timer for five minutes, giving the sweet confections time to cool down enough to add the icing.
“No, no that’s not necessary.” Lucifer cleared his throat, drawing Ellen’s attention to him. “Everything looks wonderful.”
“I’m…” Dean trailed off, looking away.
“Yeah, Dean,” Sam piped up from the backseat. “Surely you remember that pivotal rule. I had to suffer through it for
“Mmmm,” a low approving growl rumbled from the Alpha as he wrapped his arm around Cas’ waist. “I can definitely do that.” He winked at his mate. “Right after I kick your ass.”
“Dean said… before I told him he was crazy… that Cas and Luc don’t even
Lucifer was sitting on the porch swing with a book in his lap, though he seemed to be staring at the pages rather than reading it. Jo sat beside him talking animatedly. Dean chuckled to himself; she was completely freaking the Omega out if his facial expression was anything to go by.
“Jesus, Dean,” Sam muttered from the corner, making Castiel jump and turn wild eyes over to him.
“Novak.” Castiel met Dean’s emerald eyes. “My last name is Novak.”
“It’s a little funny.” Micheal smirked, earning him the one fingered salute from all of those who had eaten the tainted candy.
“We will,” Dean assured as he bumped his shoulder with his mate’s. “We just have a little farther to go, there's a set of steps leading down to the first floor on this side of the corridor as well. And,” He took Castiel’s hand and glanced back the way they’d already come, “we’re closer to this end, now.” Dean swung their joined hands between them, trying to soothe his mate’s nerves as he continued talking.“It’s a straight shot, and I can see all the things I planned on. Plus,” he smirked at Cas with a broad grin, “we will be passing the surgical rooms. I figured as a doctor you would be interested in those.”
“I’m Castiel.” The Omega grinned as he glanced down at their joined hands then back up to met the Alpha’s eyes. “Castiel Novak. But you can call me Cas.”
are you supposed to be?”
Dean tried to fight the blush spreading across his face but clearly wasn’t doing a very good job. The young man reached up and ran his fingers across Dean’s crimson stained cheeks. “Don’t be shy,” the Omega cooed as he placed his hand on Dean’s thigh and curled his fingers around it. “Let your inner Alpha come out and play,” he whispered as he nuzzled the side of Dean’s throat.
“Anything,” Dean so readily agreed. “If,” he smiled at the omega, “I can ask you something first.”
“That’s not funny, Dean,” Castiel hissed as he looked all around them, as if waiting for the Devil to jump out and yell ‘boo, gotcha’!
“Call me Ketch,” the alpha crooned in a British accent with a cocksure grin. “So you two are the infamous Dean and Sam I’ve been hearing so much about.”
“Fine,” Crowley hissed as his eyes narrowed. “You win! You win this mating dispute. Now take your mate and go.”
“Really?” The Omega quirked her brow. “You’re turning down an extra set of hands?”
“I love it!” Cas keened as he rocked back, taking the fingers deeper, soaking them in his juices.
Cas kissed his Alpha soundly before purring against his lips, “I
“You know I want pups with you more than anything, Cas,” Dean hissed, slamming his hand on the faucet to turn off the water. He ripped a towel from the rack, running it over his face quickly before wrapping it around his waist. “So to pull this kind of April Fool’s joke on me is just… it’s cruel.” He shook his head, tearing his eyes away from Cas as he shoved past him into their bedroom. “I thought Benny fucking up my tools was bad, they even took a goddamn screw out of my chair. But hurting myself physically is nothing,
“Hey!” Sam cut in, “it's not
“I’m not participating,” Dean answered softly, shrugging as Charlie eyed him. He sighed at her unspoken question. “I sure as hell am not what Cas is looking for, Charlie. And it’s okay,” he interrupted her, pushing up from the ground and grabbing his beer from the railing, “the entertainment this provides is good enough for me.”
Dean smiled, getting a screw lined up and working it into place. “Break must be nice though, right? You don’t get too much time off in the school year,” Dean commented. “How long is your break anyways? Two months?”
“Now where’s the fun in that?” Dean smiled up at his omega.
“Can I just take a moment to be happy that you don’t hate me?” Dean asked into Cas’ legs, blinking away what was left of his tears. He didn’t deserve Cas’ forgiveness, he knew how much he had hurt him. “But I promise, Cas.” Dean pulled back to meet his eyes. “I promise I won’t ever keep anything from you again.”
Christmas together.”
“Hmm,” Gabriel quirked a brow, “Okay.” The Omega watched his brother’s mischievous expression turn serious. Castiel could tell he was debating on pressing him further on the half-assed answer he had given. Instead the contemplative look melted back into one of playfulness as Gabriel waggled his brows and changed the subject. “Well, I wanna hear all about the Alpha you have chosen to be your first sacrifice to the sea.”
He blew out a breath and reached for the dash, turning down the sound of Metallica blaring through his speakers. For once, the music he had playing wasn’t soothing, and it was doing nothing to calm the beating of his heart.
“Way to make us sound like a cult,” Charlie snorted and looked towards Sam. “I swear we aren’t a cult.”
husband.”
“Hell yes!” Dean exclaimed excitedly as he kissed Castiel with an over exaggerated smack of the lips. “You are a genius!”
“I didn’t jump.” Castiel let out a low moan as Dean’s fingernails scratched along his scalp. “Barely even flinched.”
Dean’s mouth lifted in a small smile, “Might help.”
That was most definitely
Dean waited with bated breath wondering if he would feel anything from the spell. After a moment Rowena removed her hand with a smile. The Alpha looked to his Omega then back to the Sea Enchantress.
“Here you go,” Castiel held out one of the cookies for Dean to take.
“Take my hands,” Dean said as he wriggled his fingers.
“Get out!” She wailed as she writhed on the noose.
“Of course.” Dean’s lips blossomed into a radiant smile as Cas shifted on the couch, facing away from his mate. The Alpha gingerly removed the collar and positioned it on his Omega’s throat before latching the clasp.
“Do you fully comprehend what that that means for you?” Triton asked as he furrowed his brows. “You will be giving up your life on land, you will be separated from your land family, only being able to see them on the shore. But that’s not all.” Triton shook his head as he held Dean’s gaze. “As a Mer you will age differently, you will live for hundreds of years. You will watch everyone you love grow old and die, can you handle that?”
Dean laughed and agreed before slapping his brother on the bicep. “Stay safe.”
“Yeah.” Dean nodded, his tongue darting out to wet his cold chapped lips. “C’mon,” he gave the Omega’s hand a gentle tug to get him walking again, “there’s more.”
“No,” Dean shook his head. “His heat is starting, he told me he would come back here and wait for me. And look,” Dean pointed down to the scattered shells.
“Ooo-kay.” Sam shook his head as he rolled his eyes. “Clearly you are
Dean lifted his hips enough to reach between them, both of them fumbling with the Alpha’s jeans before Dean was able to kick them off. “Fuck,” Dean groaned as he lined their bodies together, every inch of Castiel warm and perfect where it was pressed back against Dean.
The pair cuddled closer together, enjoying their warm drinks and the aroma of their combined scents. Dean grinned as he stared at the screen, watching as love bloomed between Baby and Johnny, and he couldn’t help but to wonder if the very same thing was happening right here in his living room.
“Well,” Castiel grinned as he sat up and looked out the window at the fresh blanket of white covering everything, then back to his mate. “We could play in the snow.”
“Really? Where!” Dean exclaimed as he brought his hands up to his throat and started to poke around.
“Told you,” Dean grinned cockily as he removed his fingers from his mate’s body and pulled his hands out from the back of Castiel’s pants. The Alpha licked his Omega’s juices from his fingers before unbuttoning and unzipping his own jeans. He hastily pulled his underwear and pants to his knees, letting them fall the rest of the way down, settling at his ankles.
He waved at the cat, then laughed at himself. It’s not like the cat considered him a damn
“How are you two brothers?” Dean snorted as he picked up a fork and speared a piece of pie.
“Promise,” Cas leaned down and pressed his lips to Dean’s as he gently pushed in, the head popping past the tight ring of muscle. Castiel shuddered and fought against the urge to bury himself deep in the tight heat of his best friend. He wanted to give Dean time to adjust, didn’t want to hurt him.
“I would like that very much,” Castiel replied, shifting slightly so he was still pressed against Dean’s side but able to reach for his burger. He took a big bite, moaning as he chewed.
Cas shifted, settling on his back, wide eyes staring up at his mate, waiting to be completely claimed by him. Dean positioned himself between his Omega’s legs and gripped his cock before leading it to Cas’ slick entrance, pressing against it. “Ready, baby?” Dean asked in a breathless sigh.
“About free pie? Never!” Dean grinned and took the wedged container in his hands and he could feel the chill through the plastic. Dean popped open the lid and looked at the cream colored pie that was topped with a large dollop of whipped cream and a sprinkling of nutmeg. “What flavor is this?”
“End of story!” Dean chimed in. “Come on, Sammy, I’m really interested in hearing your scary tale.”
“You really mean that?” Castiel asked shyly as he wound his arms around his Alpha’s neck. “I figured it was a special night so,” he shrugged, “I thought I would wear something sexy for you.”
.” Cas grinned back at him. “But probably not so much when I go into labor.” He patted Dean’s cheek, eyes twinkling with mirth. “You best wear a cup just to be safe.”
Dean glanced over at Sam as they threw their bags on the two beds in the little hole-in-the-wall motel known as
The Omega chuckled, “He wants you to pet him Dean.”
“Is there someone there?” the Omega called out.
“Yes,” the spirit nodded as he met the angel’s eyes. “But it didn't work, she couldn’t have my heart for it belonged to another, my Catherine, my-”
“Well then,” Dean gave Gabe a small smile, “we’re ready when you are.”
Dean and Castiel joined them a moment later and Gabriel scented the air to make sure the potion work. With a thumbs up from the Alpha, Rowena shooed then out the door with a promise she’d see them that night at the festivities.
Just your suitcase in the spare bedroom told me you’d even been here.”
Castiel grinned at how easily the playful banter flowed between them as he walked over to the refrigerator and put back the remainder of the pie before he pulled out the homemade vanilla bean ice cream from the freezer. The Omega let out a small purr at the warm feeling of right he felt from being here, in this house, with Dean.
“See, already a pro at it.” Castiel grinned as he watched his Alpha swim with confidence, as if he’d been doing it his entire life.
“God I love you,” Dean exclaimed as he squeezed his Omega tight. “Happy Halloween!”
“Don’t be a prude, Sammy.” Dean snorted. “It was a beautiful wonderful act.”
“Castiel,” Dean cleared his throat and sat up straighter. “Will you accept this gift,” he held up the necklace with a bright smile. “And me as your Alpha?”
“Yes,” they both whispered in unison, their eyes still lowered to the tabletop.
“Millers’ Cross barn!” Sam passed his phone to Dean. “It’s over one-hundred years old and still standing. Google maps says it’s ten miles from here.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean grumbled, but he reached over and patted the sea lion on the head. Happy with the attention he received Finn shimmied out from the middle of the two mates. He swam over to the window bench and flopped down to curl up and go back to sleep.
A pang of hurt and betrayal hit Castiel hard in the chest at the sight of Arthur. Knowing that a man he had once considered a close friend had played a part in kidnapping him, taking him away from the castle, away from his Alpha. For what? What could they possibly have in store for him?
Morticia licked her lips and wrapped her arms around her mate’s waist as Dean continued talking.
Dean just shrugged and winked at his mate as Sam took a picture of the clue, just in case Cas was wrong. Like the first picture, the second one had been just as unnecessary as the Omega had been right.
Castiel continued to eat Dean out with fervor, his tongue caressing his mate’s over sensitive rim. Dean’s legs began to twitch and shake as his moans and groans grew louder. Slick gushed from him and he keened, “Oh, oh, yes! Alpha, Alpha! Cas! Need you!” Deans juices poured out in rivulets, soaking both his mate and the bed. “Please, please, please,” he begged, “I want you, Alpha! Fuck me! Fuck me! God, I
was making his stomach hot and tears burn in his eyes. He looked up and found Ellen’s eyes, the Beta who’d become his mother over the last year, looking more tired than he’d ever seen her.
tee. The alpha elbowed Ketch and nodded to it.
“Yeah, it does,” Dean growled. “That ass is fan-fuckin-tastic.”
“Yes,” Castiel muttered back as he nodded, a faint flush painting his cheeks.
“Cassie,” Gabriel reached over and gripped his brother’s face, turning it to face him and trying to defuse the nuclear level sexual tension, “we’re gonna eat now, remember?” Castiel nodded slowly in understanding. “Good.” Gabriel patted his cheek with a wicked smirk. “Then Santa Claus over there,” he smirked at the Alpha in the Santa hat, “can get his knot stuck in your chimney.”
Castiel’s eyes flitted over to Ketch who just laughed. “Have to agree with the Winchester bros, partner. That Grayson fella wants to take you to pound town.”
Hope you guys enjoyed my contribution to the DCBB! Until next time… XOXOXO
Dean looked around the backyard, the deck light shining bright enough to light most of it up. He furrowed his brow as he thought of the last time he’d seen the cat. It had been before his shower and in his own yard, so Dean trailed his gaze over in that direction even though he knew the cat wouldn’t be in the same place.
The Alpha watched as Cas skated across the pond and carefully walked through the snow in his skates to a small wooden bench by his cabin. The Omega removed his skates and replaced them with the boots that had been sitting under the bench. After Cas laced them up, he placed his skates on porch and started over to where the Alpha waited with a huge grin on his face.
Dean blew out a deep breath, ignoring the curious look his brother was giving him.
“Almost,” Dean fought the smile that threatened to spread across his lips at the pout on Castiel’s face. A grown drunk man had no business looking that damn cute. “I’m gonna ask you a couple questions now.”
“Home is more than a place, Castiel,” Doctor Shurley started, watching Castiel twist the stone between his fingers. “It’s made up of many components: the nature of it is a roof over your head, safety and shelter. The food that’s provided there, the ability to clean and take care of oneself. But the other part of that is nurture, the people in the home who support you, communicate with you, teach you and love you. And honestly, I believe that to be the most important part of a home, because with those there to nurture you, your home could be anywhere.”
“No,” Castiel placed the stone back in the bowl and smiled at the doctor. “Nothing that I can think of.”
“This is so great! The workers even get their families involved.” Dean bounced up on the balls of his feet in excitement before moving towards the group of children. “C’mon, let’s get a closer look.”
“Why not,” Dean pooched his bottom lip out, pouting. “Don’t you trust me,” the Alpha teased.
“Wasn’t too bad,” Dean answered as he clicked his own belt into place. “I wish we were on break though, not excited for midterms next week.”
“I love you, too!” Castiel cried out as he blew a kiss to his father.
“And here I thought you actually wanted to kiss me!” Dean acted offended, clutching a hand over his chest. “If you want me to leave you and the basket out here alone, I can just go back to the house…”
,” Sam scoffed. “
Hope you enjoyed the journey! :)
Dean rumbled low in his throat as he rubbed his slick soaked fingers over Castiel’s plush lips until they were shimmering. The Alpha dove down and licked the Omega’s lips, savoring the sweet taste. It was way better than he had imagined. Dean licked his lips and met Castiel’s golden gaze as the Omega opened his mouth. The pair shared sloppy kisses as they licked the Omega’s slick from Dean’s fingers.
Sam’s eyes widened and Dean gave another sharp chuckle, shaking his head. “I just… Sam, why me? I just presented not even five months ago! I haven’t dated or seen what's out there, I don’t even know if I want an Omega mate or if I want a Beta one and --”
He rubbed the fingers of his left hand against his thigh, still able to feel the phantom tingling from where Castiel had touched him at dinner. From the moment Dean caught whiff of his scent in the living room, he’d known, but add in the way his skin ignited when they touched, the increased amount of gold in Castiel’s eyes when they looked at one another… Well, it was pretty clear.
“After all,” Dean growled as he climbed on top of his mate, boxing him in. “You wanted me to
for the rest of his life made his skin crawl.
“I wonder if they found out anything new,” Castiel asked as the pair made their way to Dean’s and Sam's room.
“Because you know,” Castiel purred cutting off Dean’s rambling. “I wouldn’t be opposed to a little cowboy role play.” He dropped the bag of charcoal and the carrot by the snowman as he moved closer to Dean. The Omega pressed his body flush against his Alpha’s as he wound his arms around Dean’s shoulders. He leaned in and nuzzled at the sweet spot behind Dean’s ear as he whispered, “I could wear that hat while I rode your thick knot.”
wanted that kind of responsibility, and father’s always known that. So,” Gabriel slapped Dean on the back. “Think you can handle it?”
He remembered walking through the hallways, looking for the messy black hair in the crowd, feeling increasingly lost every day when he realized Castiel wasn’t coming back.
“Positive,” Castiel assured him with another kiss. When he pulled back he noticed pride in the set of Dean’s shoulders, and the faint scent of ‘pleased’ Alpha. He couldn’t help but smile.
“You’re a teenage boy, of course you have lube in the drawer by your bed. My next guess would’ve been underneath your pillow.” Castiel grinned against Dean’s neck and ran his fingertips up his thigh and between the crack of his ass, gently rubbing his puckered entrance. “Tell me what you want, baby.”
“Why,” Castiel sniffed against his shoulder, “I’m a bad Omega.”
“Thank you,” Castiel smiled brightly as he took off the oven mitts and hung them on the rungs on the back of the stove. “I updated it when I moved in. I love cooking and baking so I spend quite a lot of time in here.”
Ellen sighed and wrapped her hands around her mug until her fingers tingled from the burn. “I should’ve woken them up and gotten their asses down here, but I was half afraid I would strangle them.” She shook her head and raised her mug, looking over the top at her mate. “What are we going to do, Bobby? They’re obviously not following the rules we put forth.”
“Hells yeah!” Gabriel crowed with an impish smirk as he pulled his little brother into a headlock, and started ruffling his hair. “I got ten diamonds riding on Cassie here face planting when he tries to use his legs for the first time.”
“Thank you,” Castiel replied humbly. “I have always enjoyed gardening. It’s kind of a hobby of mine.”
“You have mine,” Rowena assured as she reached across the table and patted Castiel’s hand before looking over at Dean, “and so do you.”
“Okay,” Dean answered quickly, nodding his head as he looked up to see Castiel putting a notebook away on his desk. “Wherever you’re most comfortable. We can go to my room? Out back? Or… we can go to our place, if you want.”
“Oh, come on,” Dean huffed, “You can’t tell me I’m the only one who noticed all the dead omegas have been a dead ringer for you, dark messy hair, bright blue eyes, same lithe build—”
“It’s going to be different this time,” Ellen said, trying to reassure herself just as much as her mate. Bobby screwed the lid onto his thermos, sliding the container onto the counter before leaning forward to kiss her forehead.
better, baby.”
“Hmm,” Castiel furrowed his brows in thought. “
“Not the
“Sweetheart,” Dean leaned in and growled by his Omega’s ear, “I
“Yeah,” Dean let out a bark of laughter. “A little warning would have been nice. Being almost murdered by your true mate,” he ticked his head, “not exactly a romantic meet story to tell the family.”
“Then where, where are you from?” Triton crossed his arms over his broad chest. “Don’t even think about lying to me, because I’ll know.”
“I know you were just rubbing it in,” Dean replied with a wink and slid into the driver's seat.
Castiel laughed shaking his head as he settled back against the back of the swing. “Cat actually works pretty well,” he answered and Dean raised a brow.
“Gabriel can be a bit of an ass,” the Alpha rolled his eyes at the Archangel and knelt down beside the couple. “But he’s right, we do need your guys’ help.”
“You two make the most of Castiel’s heat! Get started on some younglings for Auntie Ro to spoil rotten.”
Dean gave another low rumbling growl at his Omega’s words and clenched his hands at his sides, trying to remain in control.
“That sounds fantastic, Castiel! What a great way to let out some creative energy. Did it feel good to be doing something with your hands again? You said that a lot of your time at the Playground was spent crafting different things.”
Three steps forward and Dean gently laid Castiel out on the mattress, climbing up over him and stopping, just inches of air between them.
Bobby nodded, his face paling as he thought it over. “Maybe we need to put a few more rules in place. But,” he sighed as he took her hand in his, “you and me both know from experience they are gonna do what they are gonna do and all we can do is educate them and hope they do whatever they do safely. Speaking of,” he shifted to look her in the eyes, “we should probably… uh, well, see if Cas’ll go on birth control or something…”
“Ohhhh,” Dean whispered softly as he watched the younglings. He chuckled softly as he watched a little girl grip one of the larger sea turtle’s hind flippers. He watched as the aquatic animal zipped and zagged, pulling her along for a ride.
All children are born with two scents, the primary and secondary scent. Primary scents are passed on from the Alpha (or in Beta/Omega pairings, the Beta) and is also known as the ‘family’ scent. The secondary scent comes from the other parent. For example: Alpha Dad is pine and cinnamon, Beta Mom is vanilla and coconut. Their child would be pine and vanilla. Once a pair has mated, their gain an additional mating scent that is tailored to their unique scents and blends them together. This scent can only be identified after an official blood mating has occurred.
“God, you are truly beautiful, little Omega,” Dean whispered reverently and Cas flushed at the praise.
The Alpha was startled from his thoughts of whether the lights would be the plain white kind or multi-colored when he heard a scratching sound coming from the right of the cabin. His gaze landed on a fairly large frozen pond, about the size of a football field, where a man was ice skating in the center. From where Dean stood, he could see the man’s cheeks and nose were ruddy from the stinging cold Wisconsin air. The Alpha watched as the skater adjusted his blue beanie over his dark hair, covering his pinkened ears, before bringing those gloved hands to his face in a futile attempt to warm himself up some.
“Later,” Gabriel held up his hands halting any further conversation of families. “First could someone please explain to me what the fuck is going on here?”
“You’re just that lucky.” Gabriel bumped his shoulder against Castiel’s arm. “Now shake your tail feathers, Cassie! We’re gonna be late.
“I hated flirting with him, and I hated the way he flirted back.” Castiel panted as Dean kissed down the column of his throat.
“I’m so sorry,” Dean whispered, pressing his nose against Cas’ skin and taking a deep breath. “I was acting like an asshole.”
Dean watched them with narrowed eyes as the dogs happily followed after Crowley as he stalked away. He felt a pang of regret that the dogs had to go back home with Crowley, and he hoped the man had just been being a dick and would actually keep and take care of them. Hopefully, that wasn’t just wishful thinking.
“She made him a pie in this tin every single Sunday, because not only was it the way to the Alpha’s heart, but because she said,
“So proud of you,” Mary beamed as she patted her son’s cheek.
“I’ve got you, Cas,” Dean replied, tightening his grip around Castiel’s body as he moved as quickly as he could over the uneven ground and through the path in the woods. “You’re gonna be okay, I promise. We’re almost back home.” Dean swallowed hard, ducking them beneath a branch and holding back a sigh of relief when the house came into view.
Charlie stood up and dusted off her pants, beaming as she looked over at Dean. “What? Isn’t it awesome! The pipes are light enough that even if they land on him, it won’t hurt him. And for extra protection I padded it with that god awful scarf your brother’s wife made me last year.”
“Hear what?” Dean whispered as he met Castiel’s eyes.
“I… I’m leaving,” he said quickly, placating Mick as best as he could, “but… I never got to say this years ago. I… I looked for you, I made Benny drive me around for hours, but you weren’t home or at any of our places… and then you weren’t at school the next day, or the day after, and...” Dean snapped his mouth shut, realizing he was rambling. “I’m sorry, Castiel. I fucked up and I… I know I don’t deserve your forgiveness. You don’t owe me anything, but, I just… I just wanted you to know that I was sorry, for whatever that’s worth.”
going to do fine.”
Castiel mock gasped as he took his mate’s hand, “Dean Winchester dances?”
“You can place it on the marble dais by Rowena, for now.” Triton replied, his fingertips skimming down the trident at his side. Dean bowed and flitted over and placed it down gently, ignoring the way Rowena was impishly grinning, her brow rose as she noticed the bite mark on his throat.
“I’m getting you, us, out of here.” Dean looked over and met his mates fear filled eyes. “I promise.”
The Alpha squeezed Castiel’s thighs, gaining his mate’s attention. When their eyes met Dean smirked and waggled his brows. “Giddy up, baby.” Castiel matched his smirk as he lewdly ground his hips. “Oh, fuck! Cas,” Dean gasped at the movement, his fingers tightened against his Omega’s thighs.
“Ready to do this?” Dean asked as he pulled his Impala into an empty parking spot close to the front of the building and turned off the ignition. Sheer excitement poured off the Alpha as he smiled over at his mate, and Castiel couldn’t help but to smile back.
“I love you too, Dean.” Cas whimpered as the head of his mate’s cock pressed against his prostate. The Omega reached up and placed his palm on Dean’s cheek, meeting his bright green eyes filled with adoration. “No matter how many times we do this, it always feels like the first.”
The mates swam towards the shore and as soon as their flukes touched the sand they both gasped. They felt a tingling sensation in their tails as it split and turned to legs. Dean and Castiel walked towards the beach hand in hand. As soon as they were thigh deep in the water Dean realized they had boxers on. The Alpha mentally thanked Rowena for her foresight to add that into her little spell. Being naked in front of his mate’s family was definitely not something he ever wanted to experience.
“Not true,” the Alpha shook his head as his mate handed him one of the coffees, “your company is pretty damn awesome also.”
Dean raised an eyebrow and glanced over them, then up at Ellen. She smiled softly and turned to face them.
The evening was perfect, a gentle breeze was blowing the leaves that had just started to fall. His sweater and drink took the edge off the afternoon’s chill allowing Dean to comfortably enjoy the late afternoon. He enjoyed hearing the laughter of a few neighborhood kids still outside playing down the street at the ball field. Soon he would also be hearing their parents yelling out their back doors to call them in for dinner. Everything was calm and he smiled as he lifted his mug for another sip, turning his head at the sound of an approaching car.
Beside him, Sam shrugged. Dean sighed, once, and closed his eyes tight. Suddenly, he slammed his palm against the wheel and exclaimed, “I remember!” Dean started up the car and turned onto the small dirt road. “The town square, it’s all decked out in jack-o-lanterns. Ha! Solved it!” Dean reached over and slapped Sam on the shoulder before glancing in the rear view mirror to see the two angels sulking in the backseat.
The Omega was near tears of frustration. He wanted, craved,
“I knew that’d get you moving,” Dean laughed as they rounded the backside of the mausoleum.
“Did you now,” Dean replied and he hoped like hell his smile looked like a smile and not a grimace.
Castiel obviously had no issue with the door being open either, as his hands found the top of Dean’s shirt and started to pull, groaning impatiently as Dean continued to try to walk them over to the bed. He laughed against Cas’ mouth and let the Omega down to the ground on his own feet so they could remove each other’s clothing without one of them ending up on the floor.
“Whatever you say.” Castiel snorted as he let his eyes linger on his brother, taking in his costume for the first time since he stepped out of the bathroom. “And what
He was met with two, deep sighs, but the brothers started collecting the plates and leftovers to bring into the kitchen.
“Very practical.” Dean acknowledged with a nod. An inquisitive look spread across the Alpha’s face as he looked up then over to his mate. “Hey, Cas, what would happen if a ship sunk and fell on Atlantis?”
“Jo, come on,” Dean grunted as Jo slipped, nearly choking him in the process as she pitched towards Sam. “We’re obviously freaking them the fuck out!”
Castiel smiled at him warmly. “I happen to have it on good authority that he is
Dean quickly summarized how he and Castiel made it back to the castle and halted his recount there. There was no need to go into further detail, because, well, everyone knew what happened. He looked up into Triton’s eyes and asked. “Did I do wrong by letting them live?”
more. He pushed up, wrapping his arms around Cas’ back, holding him close as he sat up. Then he broke their kiss, breathing hard as he searched Cas’ bright blue eyes.
Gabriel picked up his fork, pushing his food around in a circle before letting it drop with a small clatter. “The family I’m with now are amazing, Castiel. They believe in God, they pray, they go to church every Sunday morning… but it’s nothing like the Playground was.”
! It’s like he’s stopped talking me, confiding in me, and it feels as if it’s been that way for
Castiel side-eyed him with a quirked brow, the look alone calling the alpha out on his bullshit.
“That was dream sex,” Dean huffed. “Dream sex doesn’t count.”
“Yes,” Cas gasped as another blow landed to his right cheek. “God yes, Alpha.”
“Perfect.” The Omega smiled as he opened a wooden chest that sat by his door and placed both sets of skates in it before sidling up next to his Alpha. “I’m looking forward to spending Christmas Eve and Christmas with you.”
Gabriel snorted, raising an eyebrow as he leaned forward over his tray. “Yeah, that was quite a shocker for my foster ‘rents. Well, you know how Father Metatron told us our birth month when we were children? They got mine wrong. Surprise, I’m a Aries.” Gabriel chuckled and shook his head. “So, I’m older than I thought I was, I guess. I’m an April baby, not September.”
“I am,” Castiel nodded, “he’s my older brother.”
“Sounds good,” Ketch called out as Bradley scurried away to pour their beers and put in their orders. “So, boys.” Ketch looked over at Sam and Dean then to the case file as he folded his hands on the table. “Now, ready to get down to business?”
Dean came around from the back of the car, newly shod in work boots as well when he noticed a sleek, black ‘78 Trans Am with a huge golden firebird emblazoned on the hood parked in front of the deputy’s car.
Dean growled and white-knuckled Baby’s steering wheel so hard it groaned under his grip. Sam side-eyed Dean with a furrowed brow and a look of concern. He opened his mouth to speak but then shut it just as quickly. He was definitely choosing his words
“It’s fine Castiel. I needed to hear those things, nothing you said was untrue.” Triton sighed as he relaxed against the cushioned high-backed throne. “Now that I’ve had time to regain my composure, and think over all that was said yesterday, I’m ready to talk to you, both, like civilized adults, and not down to you as I did before. But first,” he held up his finger and pointed down at his son. “I want to know why you didn’t just come to me before the banquet, and tell me what had happened with your Rite and with Dean. Why keep it from me?” Triton shrugged, the sadness clear in his eyes, even from the distance the elevated platform created. “Why lie to me, Castiel?”
“Glad we didn’t get the lavender, aren’t you?” Cas mumbled into the pillow.
“That was sickeningly sweet,” Gabriel mock grumbled, but a smile spread across his lips. “Cassie deserves the whole nine though, romance and all that jazz.”
Dean took a deep breath and outlined everything that happened. He started from when he found the broken necklace in Castiel’s bedroom. His report was concise and concentrated on how when he made it to the caves he overheard Crowley’s threats to Castiel, and Arthur’s intention to mate him.
No, thank you.
“Beautiful,” Dean whispered and with a deep rumbling growl, Dean pinned his Omega to the floor. They moaned together, relishing in the first press of skin on skin. “So fuckin’ beautiful,” Dean cooed as he placed a kiss to Castiel’s lips and ran his hand up the inside of the Omega’s left thigh.
Dean looked over at Sam who nodded.
“Charmed,” Luc purred as he took Castiel’s hand. Instead of shaking it like Castiel had intended him to do, the Alpha brought it up to his mouth and pressed a kiss to the back of his hand. Castiel tried to mask his grimace with a polite smile when he felt wet lips on his skin. “So tell me,” Luc smirked as he ran his thumb over Castiel’s hand where he had kissed it, as if trying to rub a claim in. “Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?” Castiel jerked his hand back and stared at the Alpha. He couldn’t help but to think,
A few weeks ago, Dean had wandered over to the backyard to see Castiel had six different milk jugs before him and a variety of paper mache materials, markers, toothpicks and popsicle sticks, and was working on the best way to make a bird feeder. They ranged from intricate to simple and when Dean asked, Castiel explained he was looking for the easiest way -- while still keeping the integrity of the feeders intact for bus transport or the banging around of a four year old -- to teach twenty kids how to make their own in an hour long time period.
Nothing, again. Crowley’s eyes widened as he stared at the trident. “Is that Triton’s?”
“Yours.” Cas sighed as he laid on his mate’s chest, listening to his heart beat. The Omega shifted and caught sight of the window, the ledge covered in white powdery snow and it was still rapidly falling. He pushed up onto his elbows and smiled down at Dean. “Look,” he nodded towards the window, “it’s snowing.”
Castiel sat there, staring after him. He felt numb. He was just starting to accept himself with the help of Doctor Shurley, Gabriel, and the Singers. He wasn’t ready for this. He didn’t want this. His stomach twisted and his eyes started to burn. He looked down at the table, hoping no one passing by would see the expression on his face.
Cas glared at Dean and Gabe as he got out of the car and started towards the church with the others scrambling to follow. He stopped and waited for them by the large wrought iron gates glowering. Dean couldn’t help but to grin. He looked so damn cute standing there, arms crossed firmly over his chest with his metaphorical feathers ruffled. God, Dean loved him so damn much… Even if his silly Omega did have the misconception that the stupid Firebird could kick his baby’s ass.
“Never mind!” Gabriel waved his hand as he straightened back up. “I
“What decision, Father?” Castiel asked as he threaded his arm through his Alphas.
“A-are you talking about ghosts?” Castiel stuttered as he felt a chill crawl up his spine, despite being sceptical. “You mean like
The Alpha growled again as he gripped the hem of Castiel’s shirt and pulled it up and over his mate’s head. Dean dropped it to the floor, before sitting up and doing the same to his own. As soon as he pressed back against the couch, Castiel had his hands on his mate’s chest, raking his nails down Dean’s skin, leaving an enticing sting behind.
She lifted up the coffee and took a deep sip, glancing over the twin looks of confusion. "However, if it's important to you, I think it’s definitely something we should discuss as a family, and I think we can add grace into our meals. We always eat supper together as a family, lunch is more of a on-the-go type of affair, and breakfast is hit or miss.
say them.
Dean waved his brother off and strode up to the gorilla at the door. He locked the man in his gaze. His eyes narrowed as Dean puffed out his chest. The gorilla looked him up and down, took a sniff, pressed a stamp to Dean’s right hand before he lifted the velvet cord keeping others out. Dean ignored the groans of others waiting as he stepped through the door and passed the gorilla’s lackeys. The alpha entered a hallway that looked like the walls of a cave. He snorted to himself, why does everyone think dragons live in fuckin’ caves? The music got louder as he continued down the ‘cave’. The hall opened up into a dark cavernous room that was filled with a sea of moving bodies and overwhelming scents that were a mix of alcohol, arousal, and plain ol’ sex.
“What?” The Omega asked around a huge mouthful. “These make me
“Yes,” Rowena rolled her eyes. “Not like these tails come with pockets, and like land ladies we Mermaidens have them to carry our essentials.”
“You know Cas, man,” Sam shrugged, “maybe he was waiting for you to bring it back up.”
“So,” Dean shrugged, “it’s Christmas somewhere.” He flashed the Omega a bright smile. “And besides, you gave me my gift early. What’s a couple hours, really?”
Dean could tell the stranger had a good physique, even all tangled in his tan trench coat, his thighs were thick and filled out his slacks perfectly, his dress shirt racked up to reveal a tanned strip of stomach and sharp hip bones… Dean let his eyes rake back up over the man’s chest and he blinked, realizing those gorgeous blues were staring up at him with a look of intense curiosity.
like I’m dying.”
“I love you, too, my wonderful Alpha,” Castiel said as he leaned forward, lifting his butt off the chair enough to reach into his back pocket and pull out the shiny leather box. He sat back and placed it on the table in front of Dean.
“Well, it’s just me at my house but I still decorate.” Cas smirked at him as Dean opened the door. “Santa’s gonna pass you by for being a naughty Alpha with lack of Christmas spirit.”
“You’re right, Alpha.” Cas reached up and patted his mate’s cheek teasingly. “It was fuckin’ wicked. Now,” he smirked as he stepped back, “let’s go get our next clue.”
“So, I see you’ve noticed the other agents.” The deputy slapped his hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Are they from your branch?”
A pink table runner was perfectly centered on the rectangular table, decorated in the middle with a vase full of rainbow colored roses. Sitting on each side of the vase were glass stemmed candle holders each holding a shimmering tea light candle. It should’ve looked corny as hell, something out of a Valentine’s day romcom, but with Castiel sitting there, it looked . There was nowhere else in the world he’d rather be. And with that thought, Dean’s feet carried him to the table.
He looked up as the cocoa started spitting, letting him know it was finishing up, and stepped forward to remove his cup. He then reached for the bag of toasted coconut marshmallows on the island counter and dropped a handful into the hot chocolate before sealing the bag up and putting it back into the cabinet. Dean wrapped his fingers around the mug and hummed letting the warmth of the glass heat his hands. As he walked through his house to the front door, he smiled and inhaled deeply, the smell of coconut and chocolate making his mouth water. Outside, the cool fall air washed over him, and he knew winter was just around the corner. He suppressed a small sigh as he sank down onto the porch swing, knowing he wouldn’t be able to spend many more evenings like this, enjoying the peace and quiet of the cul-de-sac.
“Mick?” Cas furrowed his brows in confusion. “You think I’m with Mick?” The Omega shook his head. “Dean, do you not remember the rumors about Mick and his preferences to other Alphas? How he and Ketch were an item?”
like him.”
A low growl rumbled from Dean at the way Castiel made ice cream seem so obscene. At the quirk of the Omega’s brow, Dean blushed with a murmured, “Sorry.”
“Yes, it was nice.” Castiel swallowed hard as his thoughts wandered to the Playground. It had been a while since he thought of his life there... thought of how different it was, compared to his life now. When he sat here in this office  just a year ago, he would’ve given anything to be back at his childhood home. But now, now he would give anything to never see that Compound again.
Dean thought as he continued, “And I have been for a while now, hell, years.”
“Wow,” Dean whispered in awe as he glanced over to Castiel. “It’s astonishing. I’ve never in my life seen anything so amazing.”
“God, yes I would, and I want a lifetime with you. You’re my true mate.” Dean reached up and wiped the tears from his Omega’s face. ”I want to wake up with you beside me every morning, go to sleep with you in my arms every night. I want to make our lunches together before we go to work. I want to come into your cafe every morning and chat with you and Jimmy over a cup of coffee and a pastry before I go open up the hardware store, and have you to come to my store on your break to have lunch with me. By then I’m gonna be missing you like crazy, even though it’s only been a few hours.” Dean placed his hand on Cas’ knee and breathed in deeply.” I want to make dinner side by side every night, then go out and skate for hours. Afterwards, we’ll come in and enjoy a cup of hot chocolate by the fireplace with you in my arms. I want those Sunday pies forever like you promised me, I want to meet your family and I want you to meet mine. I want you to
* A bunch of Jack-o-lanterns light the night.
“You are kidding me,” Rowena giggled around the lip of her coffee mug. “You tried to
“Anything, Cas.” Dean pecked his mate’s cheek. “All you have to do is ask.”
“Me too,” Lucifer wrapped his arm around Castiel’s shoulder, “but we can’t.” He squeezed Castiel tighter. “We have to stay strong for Father Metatron, for God.” Lucifer placed his fingers under Castiel’s chin and tilted his face up to meet his eyes.
“Delicious?” Dean snorted, “I looked
Jo smiled and straightened up, bumping shoulders with him. “You just remember that, Luc. Women are far superior.” She winked at him and stretched, grimacing only once more. “Mom says moving around should help so, let's head over to the garden. I’ll either start to feel better or I’ll have a lovely place to die at.”
Where would all of the food go? What would happen to the hospitals and the schools? Would the homes Apostle Raphael was building be finished, would anyone live in their walls? Would Apostle Jonah’s cars sit in disrepair until they rusted and were swept off into the wind?
“No need,” Dean shook his head, “I already have it covered. I ordered a big Christmas dinner to be delivered to our room. All I gotta do is make the call to room service and tell them we’re ready. Oh,” the alpha snapped his fingers, before pointing towards the kitchen, “and the fridge is already filled with a variety of drinks. Sodas, champagne, wine, pretty much anything you could want. I think I even saw some hot cocoa K-cups by the Keurig.”
“Fuck,” Dean sniffed and blinked away the tears gathering in his eyes. “You’ve just made me the happiest man on this goddamn planet. Hell,” he chuckled, “the entire universe!”
Cas let out a long shaky breath as got out of his car and cautiously started to approach the other vehicle. When he got to the front of his car, he grimaced. The grill was crooked, a headlight was busted, and the other vehicle had rear quarter panel damage. He sighed as his sneakers crunched in the broken plastic.
“You got it, Hasselhoff!” Claire readily agreed with a huge grin before turning her attention back to her plate.
“Could you please pass the yams?”
“Okay,” Eric nodded. “Oh, wait!” He reached into the breast pocket of his suit costume and pulled out an envelope. He passed it to Dean. “Here, you guys have more than earned it.”
She stopped again, clicking her tongue and adjusted the blanket around her shoulders. “I… I don’t know how to make you love yourself, Luc. But I can tell you that
his brother’s scent. Gabriel smelled like sandalwood and sugar, and nowhere near as good as
Enjoy! :)
“Yes.” Cas bared his throat, giving Dean more flesh to mark. “You can knot my mouth.”
“No need to yell,” Rowena tsked as she placed her hands on her hips. “Let’s all have a seat and talk,” she shot a glare in the King’s direction. “In a civilized manner.”
Cas melted against his Alpha mewling when he felt a gush of slick rush from his hole. The Alpha growled and took Cas’ hand, pulling him forwards. He pulled open the back door of the large black muscle car and demanded, “Get in!”
Castiel withdrew from Dean’s cock with a loud wet pop. “Hands and knees, Dean,” the Alpha ordered. “Gonna give you exactly what you want.
,” Castiel demanded as he wiggled his hips.
“I wonder what it’s like?” Lucifer furrowed his brows.
Castiel gave a half shrug and smiled back at him.
“That’s not what I said, Jerk.”
“So,” Dean threw his hands up in the air. “You're just going around telling everyone now?”
Hell, Castiel looked amazing in anything he wore, but tonight? Tonight the omega looked delicious. As Castiel smiled over at Dean he had to fight back a surge of arousal.
He shivered as he thought of what would’ve happened if Sam and he had been a part of the cult, of never seeing his brother ever again. He needed to apologize to Castiel for the way he acted, he needed to hug Sam.
Dean passed the hat over to Sam who snapped a picture of it before stuffing the clue back under the brim and placing both back on the witch's head. Gabe dug through the jack-o-lantern in her hands to retrieve their team coin, then the four of them walked back to the car with the hunters a few paces ahead of angels, each pair trying to figure out the riddle before the other.
Dean licked his lips and slipped out of his boxers, tossing them aside before gripping his cock, stroking it to the sight of his soon to be beautiful mate, and how the soft delicate panties molded
“Fuck yes,” the Alpha groaned. “You're so fuckin’ sexy.”
Castiel smiled over at her. “Thank you, Jo.”
“Of course,” Rowena rolled her eyes and crossed her arms over her chest. “I wouldn’t have suggested it otherwise. Now,” she nodded towards the small drill still clutched in his hand. “Why don’t you start making the holes in the shells so you can thread them, and while you’re doing that we can have a nice chat about what’s on your mind.”
“O-okay,” Gracie nodded shakily. “We saw a-” She stopped mid sentence when the lights began to flicker. Dean’s reached for the iron poker, his fingers closing around it when Gracie shouted as she pointed behind him. “That! We saw that!”
She told the kids to make sure they rinsed
“Tick tock goes the clock.” Mary Lee sing-songed as she stepped closer to Castiel. “Not much longer now, until you take that final bow.”
He loosened his grip on his trident and folded his hands in his lap, hoping that would settle the young Alpha’s nerves. “First, I wanted to apologize for my outburst yesterday after you told me about Dean, Castiel. I could have handled it better.”
“Yes,” Castiel nodded as he stepped closer to Dean. “Gabriel’s parents just picked him up, and Bobby took the others home.”
“Come here you,” Dean growled as his arms darted out and gripped the Omega’s hips pulling him in for a good morning kiss. “Gods, you taste divine.” The Alpha rumbled against Castiel’s kiss swollen lips, before nuzzling at his Omega’s mating gland and letting out a soft hum. “You smell so sweet, almost
“Give me that,” Cas rolled his eyes and pulled the phone from his brother’s grip. “We are gonna lose because you're too busy mocking and not trying to solve this last riddle.”
"You're being ridiculous. It's just a friendly touch."
“Yes, Ellen,” Lucifer replied quietly and moved to stand at Castiel’s side, their arms touching as they walked together after her up the porch. Ellen stopped at the door and gave them both a small smile before she turned the handle and pushed open the front door.
“Like always,” Castiel grinned as he leaned into his mate’s touch.
the Alpha was blaming himself, thinking Cas’ lack of being with pup was somehow his fault.
Cas shook his head at Dean’s dramatics as he stood up and took his place by his Alpha’s side. Sam rolled his eyes as he turned to the Archangel. “Is everything all good?”
“Fuck me,” Dean muttered and started walking over to Cas’ house.
Castiel reached for Dean’s hand under the table and held it tight. The Omega turned his head and smiled at his Alpha, who in return smiled back. His mother had wanted this for him, had wanted him to have the same happiness as she had with his father. Gods he wished he could hug her, and thank for the role she played in bringing Dean into his life. Wished she could meet the Alpha that was marked by the Gods as his. She would have loved Dean, he’s sure of it.
“Okay, so,” Sam chimed in, getting the conversation back on track before his brother leapt across the table and strangled Ketch with his bare hands. “What are we dealing with, Cas?”
“You made love to me last night. Tonight I want it rough, primal, and animalistic.” Castiel gripped Dean’s belt loops and yanked, the alpha grunted when his hard cock made contact with his mate’s. Castiel’s grin was feral as he spoke, “I want you to own my body the way you own my heart…” the omega trailed off as he rutted against Dean, “completely.”
“I’m sure she is,” Ketch hummed as he tapped the table. “But she’d be no match for my Darlin’.”
Dean contemplated turning around and running inside, but Castiel dropped down to his knees and sat back, giving Dean a small wave. Dean swallowed hard and waved back, hoping that his thoughts weren’t plastered on his face. He cleared his throat, again contemplating bolting, as Cas stood up and walked barefoot over to him.
“Arrest me, really?” Castiel’s smile grew as he held out the Starbucks cup. “Even if I come bearing a gift?”
“Okay,” Dean snorted, “I think he’s an assclown, a pompous assclown.”
“Very well,” Castiel mumbled, looking down at the stone between his fingers as he began to rub it again. He smiled at the shiny pink stone and thought back to his first session with Doctor Shurley. Castiel hadn’t even been able to talk to the strange Alpha, the words stuck in his throat. He’d sat in silence and focused on the bowl full of colorful stones, finding them a hundred times more interesting than the terrifying prospect of speaking to the therapist. After twenty minutes of silence and staring at the stones, Doctor Shurley came over and started plucking them out one by one, explaining to him what they were and their purpose.
“I really do hope so, Dean.” Castiel met the Alpha’s radiant green eyes as he asked, “And what about you, would you like to settle down one day?”
“We need to make a stop on the way.” Castiel smiled sheepishly at his big brother.
Sam opened his mouth to retort but was cut off by his brother.
“That’s right Cassie!” Gabriel bellowed loudly. “You make him work for that Omega ass, True Mate or not!”
“We will always be there for you boys,” Bobby said as he pushed off the wall and walked over to the bed. “No matter what,” he gave them both a comforting squeeze on the shoulder. “Family don’t end with blood, don’t you ever forget that, you hear?”
“Absolutely nothing,” Castiel replied with a small shrug. At Dean’s perplexed gaze he continued. “There’s a magical dome over Atlantis that protects it from falling debris. If something touches it the sea will swiftly move it a safe distance away.”
“All yours, Alpha,” Cas assured as he reached up and twined his arms around his mate, the Omega’s fingers digging into the corded muscle of Dean’s shoulders.
One last thanks to lotrspnfangirl for beta’ing this fic, InkLock for making the very awesome art, and for Hidden by the Trench Coat for hosting this very cool challenge.
“Really?” Sam asked incredulously as he skimmed the article on the front page of
“Dean.” Sam sighed. So much for not causing a scene, if they keep this up no way they will go unnoticed.
Dean growled as he brought his other hand to Castiel’s stomach, using them both to rub in his spend. Castiel’s hand dropped from Dean’s, his eyes slipped shut, and he hummed in delight as his Alpha thoroughly marked him.
, and could easily picture this for the rest of his life. Despite most of his honest conversations about his feelings being with his mate in cat form, they were just that: honest. He wanted to grow old with the Omega beside him, wanted to watch him swell with their kits, to fall asleep beside him and wake up in his arms. He wanted everything the Omega could offer him and he would damn well make sure he was the best mate he could be in return.
The Alpha took a sip of his drink smirking over the bottle and met his mate’s eyes. “But being the youngest sibling you know all about that right?”
Ellen rolled her eyes fondly and the table quickly settled, everyone filling their plates with food.
“More than I’ve been sure about anything in my entire life, Dean.” Castiel nuzzled at his Alpha’s throat as Dean lovingly carded his fingers through his hair. Their sweet scents began to thicken, combining within their private haven. “Knot me, Alpha. Make love to me.”
“Yeah,” Bess agreed with a nod as she sidled closer to her mate.
“Ahh,” Rowena hummed as she leaned back on her hands. “I take it you and Castiel met with Triton and he explained everything to you.”
“Great,” Dean grumbled under his breath, to where only his brother would hear. “No way of knowing what way this thing came in and out so we can follow its tracks.”
Dean slogged over to what he thought would be a good spot. “Here good?” Dean asked as he surveyed the nice flat area.
“Fuck yes! So god damn tight around my cock,” Dean moaned as he picked up the pace. The Omega purred and quivered in his mate’s hold. Cas knuckles were white, fisted in the comforter, as he tried to ground himself.
“Yeah,” Dean snorted, “mine too. Thank God I keep a few changes of clothes here in the spare bedroom closet for when I help Dad work on the cars.” The Alpha pressed a gentle kiss to his mate’s lips. “When my knot goes down we’ll go check out the selection. I’m sure I have something that will fit you. It will be a bit big but it will work well enough until I run you to your dorm and you can...” Dean trailed off not wanting to be too presumptuous. Castiel had said he would move in with him, but he may not have meant the same damn day they mated.
Not trusting himself to speak, Dean just nodded.
Dean slipped his fingers free from Castiel’s body and sucked them clean, moaning around them before gripping his cock and moving forward. The alpha ran his length between his mate’s soaked cheeks, slicking it up. The omega glanced over his shoulder, his blue eyes nearly blown black with arousal as he watched Dean run his hand up and down his cock, covering it with his slick. The sight of his juices on his mate’s cock made Castiel purr and produce a fresh wave of slick. He could feel it pouring from him, dripping down his balls. “I need you. Dean, I need you, my Alpha.”
“Yeah,” Dean smiled as he pressed a gentle kiss to Castiel’s lips. “Sounds like fun.” The Alpha took his mate’s hand and let him led him from the room. He knew the quick change of topic meant Castiel wasn’t ready to talk about it just yet, and Dean couldn’t blame him. He probably still had a lot to process. One thing was for sure though, when he was ready to talk, Dean would be there for him, whatever he needed.
“I think somebody is jealous.” Dean stated with a raised brow as he stared down in amusement at the hind flippers that were currently trying to push him further away from his mate. “Must be used to getting all your TLC, huh, Cas?”
The Alpha’s grin grew as Petty’s
The Alpha gawked at Cas as he watched the angel plop down behind the wheel and start up the engine. Sam hid a snicker behind a very forced,
?” He looked up at Dean. “Tell me! Tell me what's real. Tell me why it hurts.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Yeah, Mom and Dad were already married by the time she met Uncle Bobby, it was a little different. You don’t know, if they’d met earlier then who knows! Bobby could be our dad.”
“I could care less what that bag of dicks calls me, Dean. But you,” Cas sighed, “when you said those things to me the day after you mated me, after I shared my heat with you... after all the promises you whispered in my ear when you made love to me? My heart shattered.”
“I know,” Sam huffed. “That’s what I said!”
“Maybe just a little. But,” he dipped down to meet her eyes, “it was out of love, and for you wanting what is best for those boys.”
The Alpha chuckled and grinned against Castiel’s neck as the alluring scent of slick grew stronger. “You love that don’t you?”
“They’re only put in place for your own good, so why would we listen to them? Of course not, adults know nothing, they’ve never even been teenagers before. We were just born as full grown goddamn adults so
“It’s kind of cute actually.” Bobby huffed a laugh as he laid his head against his mate’s. “Castiel was upset Dean didn’t kiss him at midnight. He couldn’t sleep because he couldn’t stop thinking about it so he went to Dean’s room to ask him why he didn’t get a New Year’s kiss.”
“Looky here!” Ketch pulled the shirt back even more, exposing the entire mark. He glanced over his shoulder at Dean. “Nice, clean bite.” Ketch pulled Castiel into a hug whispering, “I’m happy for you.”
Cas shivered and groaned, coming untouched and spurting his thick release in long stripes on the bed beneath him. Dean felt as Cas fell into that sweet abyss, his hips never faltered in their harsh pace to bring the Omega complete pleasure.
Dean hesitated at the top of the stairs, listening for the shower curtain to be pulled back and for Castiel to step beneath the spray. He held his breath, but Castiel seemed to be okay -- there were no sounds of him falling or slipping anyways. Dean blew out a slow breath and continued back to his room.
said was God’s will. My O-Dad gave me one when I first came to live with them and it really opened my eyes, brother, to what God was really all about. And I think it will open your eyes too.”
“It’s truth,” she replied back, looking up to meet Dean’s gaze head on. “You were right, this morning. While I do think as your guardians we should be setting down rules and knowing what’s going on with you, we still have to respect your privacy and you as individuals. What I did this morning was not done the correct way, it was a knee jerk reaction that only served to embarrass everyone at the table. And for that, I do apologize.”
Sam’s eyes narrowed slightly as he looked between them, lowering his voice slightly. “Guys, Ellen and Bobby’s punishments aren’t bad, not really. They suck, but that’s only because you’re in trouble. But you learn something. Bobby usually makes you do manual labor -- like, sweep his garage while he talks with you. Ellen makes you do little tasks or something that makes you think. But they don’t…”
“Actually,” Dean cut in with a cocky smirk, “I’d like an El Sol.”
“You didn’t,” Triton gasped as he stared at his wife’s necklace around the Alpha’s throat. “Tell me you didn’t Castiel! Tell me you didn’t use the wish your mother gave you to save some random land Alpha! How could you, a
The Omega was ladling punch into his cup when an all too familiar voice assaulted his ears. “Well, well, if it isn’t Castiel Novak. Damn, Omega, you are looking good.”
“No,” Castiel hissed as he swatted Gabriel’s hand away, blushing at the other students who were whispering and watching them. “I assure you I did not get mated.”
Halloween, and there was nothing Castiel wouldn’t do for Dean. That included dressing up in an absurd costume and partying at Stull Cemetery with their group of misfit friends.
“Some of these people,” Ash added, waving his new sparkler before him, “joined the party cause they could see Bobby’s display from town.”
And if I don’t belong…
“Oh, I know, but you know how competitive I am.” Dean smirked at him. “I still wanna kick your ass.”
kill you.” His glared over at Arthur, “Both of you.”
The Siren’s Rite had now begun. It was time for him to sing his death song, time to serenade his first Alpha to the sea.
“Are you going to yell at me?” he asked, dragging a metal stool over with a loud screech against the concrete. He shifted it, making the legs screech once more and glanced up to see Bobby staring at him. He flushed, climbing up onto the seat instead of moving it again.
The Sea Enchantress cackled as she tipped the contents on the vial into her hand. Setting the empty glass bottle on the dais, she rubbed her hand together, coating them in a shimmering white liquid. Rowena smiled lovingly at them before running her left hand over Castiel’s necklace, the right over Dean’s covering them completely while muttering a few words under her breath. Just as she finished the necklaces glowed bright gold for a few moments before fading back to normal.
pieces.
“Of course,” Dean answered, pushing away from the island and finding the bread, He handed it over to Cas, but held on to the end, not giving it up until he received a kiss in exchange.
As Dean’s gaze drifted lower down the man’s chest his breath caught, just underneath the stranger’s belly button flesh melded into scales. Where legs should have been there was a long serpentine like tail that tapered down to a point and branched off into two large paper-thin fins spread out on either side. The creature’s iridescent tail shone in the full moonlight, rippling colors from inky black to a variety of blues that would make the ocean itself jealous.
“Night, Sammy,” Dean whispered.
“Yeah,” Dean nodded, pressing his fork into his potato and watching the skin split, “I own Simple Life Services. We’re kind of a jack of all trades type of business. Things have been going good though! I even just hired on a kid in high school for the summer and weekends, as long as he’s doing well in school. We also got contracted this summer for the golf course, so I’m hoping they like us enough to make us long term.”
“You keep starin’ at me like that and I’m gonna have to tell Andrea she’s got some competition,” Benny joked and Dean found himself laughing, reaching over to punch his shoulder.
“Whatever,” Dean crossed his arms over his chest, ignoring the ache at just how much Castiel trusted this new alpha. “Thanks for the history lesson on colors, Cas, but you got anything else, anything helpful?”
He sighed as he walked over to the couch and adjusted the Omega to a more comfortable position, scooting him down where he could lay flat. Then Dean bent down and removed Castiel’s shoes, placed a pillow beneath his head and covered him with the throw blanket that rested across the back of the couch.
“Really, Castiel,” Rowena quirked a brow. “He’s wearing your necklace, which is now void of it’s one wish. And since I was the maker of that necklace, I can see the spell that was used to grant your wish. Sit down, the both of you,” she motioned to a rectangular green and black malachite table with matching boulder shaped seats. “I’m going to need coffee first, before you explain how the hell this,” she pointed at Dean, “happened. Would you boys like some as well?”
The banisters leading up onto the porch were wound with orange and black LED lights and when they reached the top step, the group looked down at the gargoyles on either side of them. Their eyes spoke of their sole purpose to protect the house, to allow entrance to those who they deemed worthy. As the group stepped past them, Dean smiled. Apparently the stoned creatures had regarded the four of them decent enough to deserve entry.
“Let’s find out,” Dean replied as he slid the key into the lock and opened the door.
The Omega gasped when he felt a warm wet tongue lapping at his throat, a shiver ripping through him. The Alpha’s voice was low and smooth, breath hot as he whispered, “
“Music aside,” Sam cut in drawing everyone’s attention back to him, “what does this induction entail?” He narrowed his eyes. “I’m not going to have to streak naked through the graveyard am I?”
“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” Dean whispered, letting his hand fall away from his underwear and reaching for Cas. “Come with me, Cas. I need you to come with me.”
, Jo had misplaced her time card, and they had a missing shipment of loam that Dean had to deal with before he was able to go to bed.
He paused, then continued pacing,
starting a family together.
“No,” Castiel shook his head. “Father knows you’re my true mate and I’m not hiding it from any one.”
“On it.” Ketch shot up from his chair and pulled a bottle of water from the mini fridge. He walked over to the bedside and looked down at Castiel. “Hey, partner, think you can sit up and let me help you drink this?”
Dean waited a moment, Mick’s eyes narrowing as he stared Dean down, and Dean turned, seeing Benny standing at the doors to the gym, waiting for him with Andrea.
“Yeah,” Castiel deadpanned. “I’m sure that's it.”
Ellen stared back at them, a retort on the tip of her tongue, but Bobby reached over and grabbed her hand.
“Dork,” Dean shook his head fondly as he bumped his hip against his mate’s. “Grab the bag and we’ll head on inside.” Dean made an over dramatic shiver, “It’s colder than a penguin’s ballsack out here.”
That had been one of the most scariest and stressful days of Cas’ life. He could still remember his heart thudding erratically in his chest as they were called into Dr. Master’s office to hear the findings from her testing. He was so sure she was going to tell them they were not able to have children, and he couldn’t bear that. He and Dean had always wanted a big family with lots of pups. His Alpha had a big heart with a lot of love to give and would make a wonderful father. His inner Omega whimpered pitifully at the thought he wouldn’t be able to give that to Dean. Even though he knew Dean was just as worried and stressed, his Alpha was his rock. He gripped Cas’ hand tight and told him no matter what the results were, he loved him and they would deal,
“Gee, I don’t know where to start.” Dean furrowed his brows in compilation. “There’s Timmy, the ghostly child, the white coat wearing cook, Doppelgängers also known as double-walkers.” Dean ticked off all the spirits from the lores he’d read over the past few weeks on his fingers. “And the legends of the fifth floor,” he whistled softly. “There are so many. There's room 502 and Mary Lee, not to mention the disembodied voices at the nurses station yelling at the trespassers to get out. Then you also have the shadow people, they stick mostly to the fourth floor and the death tunnel.” He watched as Castiel’s eyes widened at the words ‘death tunnel’. “Also known as the body chute,” Dean added, trying to keep from smirking when his mate involuntarily shuddered. “Oh!” He exclaimed as he snatched a pumpkin turnover. “Let’s not forget The Creeper. Th-”
“Now, now,” Crowley tsked, “no need to be
as he leaned against their kitchen counter and cradled the doctor’s paperwork in his hands. He was with pup. He and Dean were
“I don’t want to hear it.” Sam pointed the knife at Dean. “I know for a fact you do too.”
for sure he wasn’t making out with the bartender.”
Dean nodded, patient as he placed the bottle on the edge of his desk and waited for Castiel to think it through. Castiel was grateful for it and he found himself staring at the small bottle. Father Metatron had told them medications were bad but he’d said a lot of things were bad that Castiel and Lucifer had since realized weren’t necessarily true…  He’d always preached about how God’s Will would heal them, how unnatural forces -- like man made medications -- were a sin to use and altered God’s plan. But…
he noticed – but he was kind and funny. He went to work every day to work with kids under the age of five who haven’t learned how to use a toilet appropriately yet! That, in itself, meant Castiel should be given every brownie point in existence.
Dean nodded, then shook his head. “Well, I suppose at the very least he will weed out people who can’t be near cats, then you don’t have to worry about some asshole demanding you get rid of your pet.”
“Yet another reason for me to take this case,” Sam announced with a smirk. “You guys will be bad enough as is, but in heat and rut?” Sam shuddered, “Nowhere in the bunker would be safe for me. Especially with the baby makin’ going on.”
Dean and Castiel stayed out to the wee morning hours staring at the stars and talking. Talking about Dean’s life on land and Castiel’s in Atlantis. There’d also been more kissing, and slow sensual exploration of each other’s bodies. Castiel was well on his way to stealing second base when Dean convinced him it was time to head back home. As bad as he wanted Castiel, he didn’t want to mate him for the first time there on the beach.
He remembered the look of anger, disbelief, and disappointment on Chuck and Becky’s faces when they answered the door. He remembered their refusal to let him inside and the sound of the door snapping shut.
The brown leaves crunched under Castiel’s feet and the ground had a slight softness to it, one that he knew would be gone in mere weeks. Soon the earth would be frozen as hard as the headstones it held.
Dean let out a small huff of laughter, hating how watery he sounded but glad he could blame it on his shoulder. “It’s… nothing’s
“Fuck,” Dean howled as he pulled back and quickly began to undress. “Get those fuckin’ clothes off or I’ll rip them off like last night,” the alpha promised as he threw his shirt to the floor and got to work on his jeans.
Gabriel smirked at the look of shock and guilt, then the flush of embarrassment that crossed over Castiel’s cheeks. “I think that it’s going to be a lot of fun and I am looking forward to it, too. My foster O-Dad explained to me why we celebrate Thanksgiving and honestly, I can see why Metatron hated it -- it wasn’t a celebration of him or his vision.”
“That’s not fair!” Gabriel sputtered. “I give that mutt treats all the time and all Dean has to do it pat his head and scratch behind his ears and suddenly they are besties? Bullshit I say!”
“Bitch.”
Dean trailed off and Cas huffed, continued to glare at him. Dean gave him a sheepish smile knowing his mate was irritated at the ‘better driver’ comment as well as the fact he’d insulted the damn car
Dean’s wandering hands continued their exploration, running all over Cas’ bare flesh, stopping once again at his sharp hip bones. He traced them with his fingernails, adding just the right amount of pressure to leave red marks.
him here, there was no reason for him to be nervous…
“I wouldn’t be opposed to that,” the Omega licked his lips as he let out a soft puff of air and glanced over his shoulder to the backseat, “Could be fun.”
Sheriff Williamson sniffed. “It’s all we got.” He shrugged as he passed the file back to Sam.
“Well, in case you were wondering, the noise didn’t bother me at all.” Ketch smirked as he leaned back in his seat. “In fact, it kept me entertained, there wasn’t shit on TV last night.”
gross,” Lucifer replied.
“It’s silly,” Castiel shook his head as he chuckled quietly.
“You got it!” Dean hollered back as he disappeared inside the house.
“Cocky lil’ shit,” Dean muttered under his breath with a smile, before saying loud enough for Castiel to hear, “Yes, all good there.”
Cas nodded in agreement as he ran his fingertips along the back of the couch. From where the Omega stood, he could see both the kitchen and dining room which also had the same rich mahogany hardwood flooring that seemed to be all throughout the house.
“Really?” The Omega laughed, having dodged Dean with ease. “Gotta work harder than that, Alpha.” Castiel jogged backwards and moved around the black leather recliner.
“So what’s our plan,” Castiel queried as he sat down beside his partner being mindful of keeping his shoes off the bed. He gave Ketch an odd look, Dean assumed it was about his previous comment. Ketch just shrugged with another smirk and Castiel shook his head fondly as he turned towards the brothers.
“Huh...” Dean took a drink of coffee before moving on to his next question. “How did you end up drunk off your ass across the street from me?”
“You really did,” Castiel agreed, “I believed everything.”
Castiel opened his mouth but she cut him off, sliding her mug away from her as she leaned forward. “Did you tell Bobby any of this? Did he know you were in a relationship and playing house under our roof?”
“You smell so good,” Dean whispered as he held his mate tighter. “So
Castiel rolled his eyes and scrubbed his hands through his hair as he caught his breath. He pushed past his mate. “Well, let’s get on with it!” For the first time he looked over the decrepit floor. He shuddered as he took in some of the graffiti that screamed at him from the walls. It was like walking through a horror movie. One particular section had been heavily defaced with sinister depictions of bodies and corpses being tortured in graphic detail, as well as a bone chilling vision of the many lost souls of the asylum and the swirling hell they had been victims to.
“Heliotherapy.” Castiel replied quickly pulling his coat tighter around his as he glanced over at his mate.
“Me either, Dean,” Castiel whispered back as he leaned up and pressed his lips to the Alpha’s.
“Yes, Sir,” Sam replied with a mock salute as he pulled open the top drawer by the refrigerator and dug through it until he found the vegetable peeler. “Both bags?” When Dean nodded he asked, “You sure?” as he eyed the two large sacks of potatoes.
“Yeah,” Dean nodded as he blew out a deep breath and rose up. “I’m fine, Cas.”
The loud ding of the class bell startled Cas from his thoughts, he quickly gathered his things and was the first person out of the door. He wanted to make it to the tree first and he wanted to set up their lunch before Dean arrived.
Dean stepped on a twig and it snapped under his bare foot. As Cas started to spin around, the Alpha darted behind a tree, a playful grin spreading across his lips.
The wind kicked up, blowing in their direction, bringing the sour odor of death mingled with the scents of the alphas, betas, and omegas working at the crime scene. Dean’s nose twitched as he breathed in deeply; mixed in the variety of fragrances there was one that was undeniable, one he would know anywhere. The sweet and aromatic scent of cardamom and smoky vanilla. The scent of Castiel, the scent of
When they reached the shore the Omega wobbled as he walked on land for the first time, but he didn’t fall. He grinned out at Gabriel as he yelled, “I didn’t fall!”
“Yeah,” Dean mumbled.
He licked his lower lip and cleared his throat, pulling Castiel’s attention up to him from whatever dark recess of his mind he’d disappeared to. “Do you… and I’m not trying to be rude, I promise, I just don’t understand. Do you truly feel like you did something bad enough in your childhood that God would ‘punish’ you?”
The Omega looked up at him through his lashes. “I just want a kiss, Alpha.”
“That it does,” Castiel hummed in agreement as he grabbed two wine glasses from the cabinet and sat them on the island Dean was leaning against. The Omega turned and walked over to the countertop wine cooler beside the refrigerator, clicking his tongue as he riffled through the selections before pulling out a bottle of
Shit! Dean scrubbed his hand over his eyes. He hadn’t slept this late in longer than he could remember!
fridge.” Castiel rolled his eyes as he placed a large tupperware container, a tub a butter, and a package of cheese on the island. “I have some leftover tomato rice soup from last night. I was going to make that and some grilled cheeses. But if you are gonna tease me,” he quirked a brow, “I will just leave you to fend for yourself.”
This Fic was based on this prompt: The most wanted woman in town has announced that she’ll only marry the one that can open her front door with the key wrapped around her cats neck. Many men try to hunt the cat down, chase and trap it, but to no avail, the cat is simply too quick, smart and clever, and always finds a way to evade and avoid them.
Dean growled, a deep sound that rumbled from his chest, coming directly from his inner Alpha. He pulled his Omega’s head to the side, scenting along Castiel’s throat finding his bite before lapping at it possessively. The Omega’s movements faltered slightly at the ministrations, hot lust pumped through his veins at each swipe of his mate’s tongue. His hole fluttered as slick poured from his needy hole, soaking his boxer briefs and sweatpants. Lust blown eyes met Castiel’s, and the Alpha’s nostrils flared, taking in the aroma of his mate’s juices.
Silence fell over them before Ellen pointed her finger at Dean. “Explain. Now.”
He was still contemplating what he was going to say to Cas when suddenly he was at the front door. Dean knocked, nothing. He reached forward, testing the knob, and found it locked. Which, no surprise, Winchester. That’s kind of the
“Really?” Castiel asked wide-eyed as he looked from his father to aunt.
“Yes,” Castiel nodded as he tracked his mate’s movements. “Quarantining was common with wide spread diseases like tuberculosis.”
“No, I will not take it back.” Cas narrowed his eyes and crossed his arms over his chest.
With Lucifer’s attention back on Jo and those two prattling on about some book they were both reading, Dean reached over and took Castiel’s hand, smiling at the way the Omega’s cheeks flushed in such a sweet manner. He gave it a gentle squeeze as they both watched the scenery pass on the drive home.
The omega hardly ever cursed, and he sure as hell had never spoken to Dean in such a way. Years of concealing his emotions on the job was the only thing that kept Dean from physically flinching at the harsh words directed at him from his best friend. But damn if it didn’t break his heart.
“O-our he-help,” Eric stuttered nervously. “I-I don’t know what we could possibly do to help you guys.”
“That sounds lovely.” Cas reached out and took his mate’s hand, his heart thudding rapidly in his chest as their fingers entwined. Dean gave his hand a gentle squeeze as he led him through the living room and up the stairs. Cas looked down at their clasped hands; this was his Alpha, his mate, and soon they would be joined as one.
Every evening Dean would find his way back to this spot, guided by his inner Alpha and deep down he knew he was searching. He longed to hear singing beyond those rocks again and he hoped the person that voice belonged to had the blue eyes and dark hair from his dreams. So again, it was really no surprise to him that he ended up there again tonight.
here.”
“No,” Cas groaned after a moment, shaking his head and moving back to meet Dean’s vibrant green eyes. “I’m battling with my insomnia again,” a wry smile spread across the Alpha’s face, “and it’s
a no go.
like garland.”
“At home,” Castiel deadpanned as he started up the stairs. “Smacking my sanity upside the head for agreeing to come here in the first place.”
.” He crossed his arms across his chest. “If that ain’t fuckin’ wicked I don’t know what is!”
Here is an image of the actual architectural floor plan by the Waverly Hills architects, Luckett and Farley.
“So good,” Dean moaned as his hand trailed down his mate’s sweaty chest, feeling his muscles dance under his touch. The Alpha reached the thatch of hair between his mate’s legs,“You feel so damn good. I wanna make you feel good too, baby,” and he fisted his Omega’s rock hard cock. “Come for me, Cas.”
Bobby hummed in agreement before letting out a long sigh. “So,” he placed his fork in the tray, “what are we going to do as a form of punishment?”
Dean cleared his throat, crossing his arms over his chest and staring down at the table. “Cas had a nightmare and I was comforting him. It just… kind of happened.”
Castiel straightened up, held his head high as he looked into Arthur’s eyes. “I can’t Arthur. I can’t accept the gift, or you as my Alpha. I truly apologize.” Castiel turned at met his father’s bewildered gaze, “I’m sorry, father, I cannot mate with him.”
He ignored Sam’s response and the fact that neither one of his boots was properly tied, slamming the door behind him a little harder than he meant to. He took the steps two at a time and just barely stopped himself from tripping onto his face as he stepped onto the back porch and saw Cas waiting for him in the swing.
,” Dean whispered as he pulled Cas into a fervid kiss, licking his way in his mate’s mouth. He poured all of his happiness into his kisses and gentle touches. The Alpha pulled back breathless. “When would you like to seal our bond?”
“You will never call him that again,” Dean heard himself yelling, every other word enunciated with a punch, “he’s better than you could ever dream to be, better than me, better than anyone! If you have to utter a single fucking word to him, you will do so respectfully and you better fucking pray--”
she has showed me for the past century.”
“Okay,” Sam nodded and ripped into the envelope, pulling out a piece of paper. “The first clue is...” He unfolded it and began to read.
“Not your fault.” Castiel shook his head and claimed his Alpha’s lips in a chaste kiss.
“Please, please, Alpha!” Castiel keened, his body vibrating with lust and desire.
“I’m all packed.” Lucifer nodded towards his suitcase, effectively avoiding the real answer to that question.
perfect.”
The alpha slung the bags into the backseat before sliding into the driver’s side. He started up the car and drummed his fingers on the steering wheel as he waited for Sam. Chewing on his bottom lip, he thought about the three-hour drive they had ahead of them. Three hours alone in a car with his brother, his brother who he had no doubt would try to get him to talk about what happened back there in the bathroom, or about what happened three weeks ago. Hell, he’d already given him a blow-by-blow of exactly what happened that night in the bunker—well, everything except the part where he told Castiel he shouldn’t be a hunter anymore—so what the fuck more could Sam possibly want?
Jo looked him over, then started giggling, reaching for her nose, too. “At least your nose isn’t
“You're only twelve right?” Castiel asked, waiting until Sam bobbed his head in confirmation before continuing, “Then how do you know you are going to be an Omega? How’s that possible?”
“I noticed a lot of eateries in the lobby,” Castiel shrugged, “maybe we could pick from one of those?”
talk about something else?”
“What did you do when the construction crew renovated?” Dean asked as he stared down at the broken spirit.
Omega.”
Dean swallowed hard, staring down at Cas, shivering at the contact of his mate’s skin
Dean hoped he would agree, wouldn’t rebuke it and meet Dean at the clearing instead. As awkward as the walk together would be, Dean missed Castiel’s presence and he would take any time he could get.
turn your back on me you stupid cat!” She moved to swat at the cat with the plastic wand. The cat jumped and scampered off, running to the back of the house, but Dean was not giving her the chance to run after it.
When he met Dean’s eyes a smile spread across the Alpha’s lips. “You are not bad, Cas. You are
“We will, we promise,” Sam called back as he watched the car disappear down the driveway.
Castiel broke his gaze as another shudder ran down his spine. His hands were clammy with sweat, “Dean, let’s go.” He whispered as he squeezed his Alpha’s hand with urgency. “I want to go. Now!”
“Now, was that so hard?” Ketch crooned as he kicked off his shoes and flopped down on Dean’s bed. “So, gents,” he crossed his legs at his ankles and settled against the headboard, “now what?”
“Great! Just great!” Castiel snorted and shook his head, stumbling forward again as Dean took another step forward. “I hope you’re happy now, Mom. You and dad…” he trailed off and blew out a frustrated breath, continuing his ranting. “I go out, get drunk, and now I’m going to end up in some strange Alpha’s sex dungeon.”
bed. It taunted him with its one floral comforter, and the pillows that were in such close proximity of each other, and —
“You already did, alpha,” Dean replied breathlessly as he bared his throat, showing off his mating bite.
“He said,” Castiel muttered as he shifted to get more comfortable, “that change is hard, but it can bring about good things. He used meeting the Singers as an example of change that brought about good things and good people.”
Dean stood on his back deck leaning against the railing as he stared out at the serene ocean waters. He inhaled a deep breath, taking the salty sea air into his lungs and a sense of calm instantly washed over him. He was filled with a sense of peace he hadn’t even realized had been missing from his life until he set foot on the sandy beach of his new home six weeks ago.
“I do,” Dean answered with a nod and a small laugh aimed towards Castiel’s pet who was diving from the rocks and spraying water in the air above himself when he broke the surface.
“A necklace,” Rowena sighed and looked at Dean as if he were the densest Alpha in all of Atlantis. “Make Castiel a necklace to replace the one that now resides around your throat.”
“I don’t disagree with that,” Sam said, “but our genders… that’s all science, Cas. I could’ve been an Omega or an Alpha, I could’ve been born a female and a Beta. You as well! Say that our secondary genders
Dean shrugged and squeezed Castiel’s shoulder as he stood again. “Well, you get more clothes that way. It’s actually pretty smart. Maybe we should pick out a pair of shoes for you.” He paused and looked at the nearest row of sneakers and boots. “I should get a new pair too, come to think of it.”
“Dad is
,” Gabe shook his head and sighed. “She bound you to her in death.”
Dean smiled back at him, then focused his attention back on Sam. “What are you guys doing over here? I think Jo’s going to give Lucifer over there a complex.”
“So you’re telling me,” Dean leaned in closer and ran his fingers down his Omega’s spine. “That you can seduce me through song?”
“Fuck, you taste amazing,” Dean groaned as his licked his lips, “Get on your hands and knees.”
“Well, I don’t know!” Sam muttered into the couch cushion, causing Dean to roll his eyes.
What?” Castiel blurted as he stared at Dean wide-eyed.
“Fuck,” Dean whimpered as he rocked back, trying to take his mate’s finger into his body. “God, yes, Alpha, I love when you eat me out.”
“Makin’ sure you’re safe, lil’ Omega.” Dean let his eyes fall to Cas’ mouth as he crooned...
“Ravenous,” Dean rumbled as he slid his fingers free from his Omega’s body, grinning at Castiel’s whining protest. Dean lifted his slick soaked hand to his face. “You have no idea how bad I’ve been wanting to taste you since I first caught your scent. How I’ve needed to know if you taste as sweet as you smell.”
“No way I would miss bacon, Ellen. You know me,” Dean replied with a smile, sliding into his seat and taking a plate from Sam.
Dean sat back on his haunches, his ravenous gaze on the miles of milky flesh stretched out before him, glowing from the soft light of the fire. “My God, you are beautiful,” Dean whispered as leaned forward and pressed a kiss over Castiel’s heart. “Kind,” kiss, “perfect,” kiss, “and you're all mine,” another kiss.
“Great, it's settled.” Ketch clapped his hands together. “We have ourselves a plan.”
Rowena blew out a deep breath as she whispered in awe, “Well, I’ll be damned. How,” she licked her lips and stared at the pair, “how’d you two find each other.”
“You know none of us would ever betray you like that, Dean.” Sam blew out a deep breath. “It had to be someone at school, as for how they even knew… I don’t know. You need to ask Cas to find that out.”
“M’yeah.” Dean agreed as Castiel pulled him up off the couch.
Dean opened his mouth before snapping it shut and looking back at his teammates for help. The trio just shrugged. “Thanks for the help guys,” the Alpha murmured before turning his attention back to Morticia. “Ummm...” He furrowed his brows in thought, racking his brain. After a few moments a huge smile spread across his face and he answered, “Team Free Will.”
Dean’s eyes widened and he found himself looking up, turning nearly completely around to look at his neighbor’s house. It was quiet, only Castiel’s sleek black cat was lounging in the sun on the front walk, flicking its tail every few minutes. He didn’t know what to make of it. In the two years since Castiel bought the ranch on the other side of Dean’s home, the Omega had been friendly but
Triton reached up and wiped them away. “I’m so proud of the man you have become, Castiel. And that Alpha of yours, he’s a good man.” He smiled warmly at his son. “After you two have your adventures on land and return to Atlantis, I have no doubt the pair of you will rule Atlantis with honor and fairness.” He pulled his son in and hugged him tightly before reluctantly letting him go. “Your mother is smiling down on you today,” he whispered with watery eyes. “Go, live and love to the fullest, like she did every day of her life.”
“I don’t know,” Benny said softly, shaking his head. “You got a choice to make, brotha.”
“Good,” Dean smiled back as he nodded and dug back into the pie. After all, the quicker they ate, the faster he could have Cas cuddled up on his couch with a mug of cocoa watching whatever movie the Omega picked.
“If it's too much-” Dean started, but Castiel quickly shook his head no and Dean crashed their lips together, one of his hands twisting in Castiel’s hair while the other moved across his chest. Dean was hit with the sudden scent of Omega arousal and he groaned deep from his throat, pressing closer. Castiel’s fingernails dug into his back, rolling his hips up, and Dean thought for a moment he’d died and gone to heaven.
“I know. I trust you, Dean. But for the sake of complete honesty... I’ve thought about it, you know.” Castiel looked up meeting Dean’s eyes. “Since my heat, I’ve thought about kissing you.” He glanced away after the admission but kept talking. “At first I was ashamed but after reminding myself all the things Doctor Shurley and my brother Gabriel had told me about how being an Omega was just as natural as being a Beta or Alpha, that feeling got replaced by another.”
“Oh,” Cas blew out a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding and relaxed. “I quit a few minutes early.” He smiled shyly at his mate. “I was excited about coming over for dinner and couldn’t wait any longer. I hope that's okay,” the Omega finished in a whisper.
“Dean, I swear to God if you don’t stop struggling, I’ll let Andrea pull your ass out of here!”
“One day,” Dean promised, kissing the spot before moving on and working his way down Castiel’s chest with his lips, tongue, and teeth. Castiel’s hands twisted in his hair, small pants and gasps following Dean as he worked his way down. As his chin brushed against the thick bulge in Castiel’s jeans, Dean took a deep breath, his head spinning from the delicious scent of his mate’s slick. Dean paused and looked up for permission, his fingertips resting against the button of Cas’ fly.
“How was the ring even brought to Sam’s attention,” Castiel asked as he grabbed the teriyaki beef jerky out of their bag of road trip snacks.
Dean opened his mouth to speak but was cut off by the loud rumbling of his stomach. “Sorry,” he mumbled as he looked from Castiel to Rowena, grinning sheepishly. “Been a while since I last ate.”
“No, no, hell no.” Dean shook his head. The alpha’s heart hammered in his chest, fear for his mate’s safety flooded the room. “I say we go back to the bar, lay low, and wait for Grayson to pick another victim and we follow them and then take him out before he feeds.”
Castiel leaned in once more nuzzling Dean’s throat. “But like the way you smell when you’re all sweaty.” He pulled back with a smirk. “You sure you
“Why, Dean?” Sam asked again as he unbuckled his seat belt.
Dean glanced at the stuff in his hand then back to Rowena, an expression of confusion maring his features. “Wha—”
“Alright,” Castiel pooched his bottom lip out in a pout and removed his hands from temptation. “I’ll be good… Well, good until we go to our spot this evening.”
Dean felt himself flush and he shook his head quickly. “No, that’s not what I meant. I just…” Dean sighed, looking down in his lap and falling silent.
The Omega stopped and turned to face his mate. “I can't believe you just did that.”
“Brother?” Lucifer reached out to touch his forehead and he felt the heat radiating from him before he made contact. He was too hot. Even with his heat, he shouldn’t be this hot. “Castiel, I’m going to go get Ellen,” Lucifer whispered before giving his hand a soft, reassuring squeeze and quickly making his way to the bedroom door.
. Gabe and Sam stood there chatting adamantly about the best Halloween movies while the Alpha stood behind Cas. He wrapped his arms around his mate’s waist as he rested his chin on his Omega’s shoulder singing
When Dean shifted his hips, trying to get closer to Cas, he gasped when the angle allowed Castiel’s cock to hit his prostate. “There, Cas, there,” he gasped, rolling his hips up as best as he could to meet each of Castiel’s thrusts, each one getting harder and better than the last.
“BOO!” Gabriel and Sam yelled in unison as they jumped out from the shadows of the mausoleum, causing Dean to clench around Castiel’s knot drawing a loud involuntary moan from him.
incubus would wear an
Dean drudged onward, the water splashing against his bare chest. His gaze was locked on the man singing to him so sweetly.  As he came closer her grinned at the deep blue eyes locked on him. Not once did he look down at the waters rising up around him, too enchanted by the deep azure gaze beckoning him to come. He felt the coldness of the ocean. He tasted the brine on his tongue, smelled it all around him, but nothing was going to stop him from reaching this mysterious man.
“My turn for a serious question,” Castiel interjected, and the room went silent. “Do you want pups?”
“Alright,” Dean carried on, tossing the toiletry bag into his duffel and zipping it shut, all the while pretending as if he hadn’t even heard Sam trying to start up a conversation with him. “I’m all set.” He hefted his bag up on his right shoulder and picked up Sam’s as well. “I’ll go put these in Baby while you drop the keys off at the front desk. Sound good?” Without giving Sam a chance to answer back, or God forbid, try again at a conversation, Dean nodded once and was out the door, down the stairs, and heading towards his car.
“I love your scent,” Castiel purred as he nuzzled at Dean’s throat. “Turns me on, makes me so wet. My thighs are soaked.”
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel smiled as he stopped a few feet from the Alpha, “I just wanted to thank you for saving my cat from that awful woman.” He sighed as he scuffed his shoe across the brick of the patio. “I was in the shower when I heard the commotion, and by the time I got dressed, you already had the situation under control. But yeah,” Castiel blushed and shifted side to side nervously, “I just wanted to say thank you.”
, Alpha. I need it so bad.”
“William,” Abigail whispered when her eyes landed on him. Her gaze fell to the others and she tried to take a step forward only to realize she couldn’t move. Abigail’s eyes narrowed dangerously as she looked at Dean, Sam, and Gabe. “What the hell have you done to me?” she hissed, then shook her head. “No matter.” She began whispering an incantation under her breath and tried to move again. She was still held firmly in place. “Why can’t I move?” she demanded.
old step stool, pulling gardening tools down from the top of a metal rack. There was a bucket of tools spread out across the concrete floor and Dean started picking them up as he walked into the garage.
Dean snickered when he and Cas walked into the front lobby and saw Sam waiting for them in his Thor costume.
Lunchtime, however, was a completely different story. It was the first period of the day that Castiel had completely alone. Every day, Dean joked about blowing off his next class so that Castiel wouldn’t be alone, but Castiel brushed off his offer. It wouldn’t do for Dean to get in trouble, so he tried his best to assure both Dean and his brother that he was fine alone. Deep down, this was the one time of day that he truly dreaded. Unlike his art class where he could get lost in his canvas and paint, or French and literature classes where he had work to focus on, lunch time was where he actually felt alone.
