wanted to piss you off, so I said something dumb. Like, ‘that’s so gay.’ Really stupid. And you lost your
“No, Dean, I know. I’ve known for a while.” At Dean’s expression, which is way beyond his control at this point, Cas’s smile grows, a fond thing that stretches his lips thin. “I was waiting for you to catch up, honestly. I didn't want to push you.”
, he has a lubed-up asshole ready for taking, except that sounds more terrifying than ever as he’s staring Cas’s dick down, and he grits his teeth and goes back in-
Dean rolls his eyes. “I’m fine, Sammy. It was mutual. We gave it a try, it didn’t work, Cas left again. Same old story.”
They’ve migrated closer and closer on the couch, crumb-covered plate left on the coffee table. Dean has his arm over the back of the couch and Cas is nestled into him, one leg sprawled over his lap so Dean can hold onto his thigh. It probably shouldn’t be comfortable, but somehow it is.
“Dean,” Cas snarls, storming into the kitchen one morning. “Did you forget to pull the netting back over the tomatoes?”
For now, he waits, sat up in their bed with the covers shucked around his lap. While he waits, he looks over, and sees Cas’s book laid open on the wood, cracking the spine, with a bookmark useless and discarded next to it. Dean squints for the cover, and sees
Dean rolls his eyes and tugs him back into a kiss. “I’ll buy you a new one,” he whispers, and it sounds like a promise for something else. Cas swallows, and kisses Dean, hard. His hands roam over the bare skin Dean revealed, running a calloused hand up Dean’s stomach, tweaking a nipple and making Dean bite on his swollen lip.
He holds Cas closer. “Yeah. Thanks. Couldn’t have done it without you.” Which is at once cliché but also terribly, terribly true. There’s no happy ending without Cas. That’s the truth of it.
One night, they’re watching some old western Dean insisted on and hasn’t been concentrating on since. Cas is curled up in the couch, half-asleep and bent towards Dean. And Dean doesn’t think much of it, to pull Cas close and let him rest his head on his shoulder. A few moments later, Dean feels more than hears the puff of Cas’s gentle snores against his clavicle. His hand squeezes, just a little, around the meat of Cas’s shoulder.
“Fuck,” Dean says, and he wraps a hand around the back of Cas’s neck to pull him into a kiss. Cas follows, leans into it, and now his cock is pressed hard against the over-sensitive skin of Dean’s. Dean lets a moan slip free, and he reaches down to return the favour. The idea of touching Cas’s velvet skin, the hardness there, hearing and watching him finish – it’s – he’s –
The next day, Dean demands to do the grocery shopping himself, before he can chicken out all over again. He gets some cheap KY Jelly and condoms, and avoids the cashiers’ eyes, and hides them in his jacket pockets when he unpacks the rest of the produce in their kitchen.
“I can if I want to,” says Cas. He smiles, and reaches up, and wipes away tears that have mysteriously appeared on Dean’s cheek. “And I do want to. I would love to hold you, if you want me to?”
This should be weird. Or weird for how it’s not. All Dean knows is that when he sinks into Cas, Cas is there to hold him. Dean wraps his arms around Cas’s shoulders, and sits down in his lap, and they’re both grinding before Dean could think to suggest it. Cas gasps against Dean’s mouth on one particular downstroke, a jumpstart, “Uh, fuck,” and his head clunks against the couch back.
Fuck. Dean steels himself and twists his chin, forces his eyes to follow. His shoulders are tight enough to give him even more back problems, even as he takes in Cas’s glittering expression.
Dean twists his lips as the car comes onto the Roadhouse parking lot. He thinks, again, that this is Cas. He patters his fingertips on the leather of the wheel and says, all in one breath, “I’m bisexual. I just figured it out. I was talking last night to – well, it doesn’t matter. The point is, I just figured it out. So, that’s why, uh. That’s why I’m being weird.”
It takes Cas a second to get it, but Dean knows the instance he does, because he inhales sharply, and reaches over to grab at Dean, wrench him sideways and force their eyes to meet. His expression is smite-worthy, honestly, nostrils flaring and eyes hard. “You will do no such thing.”
About a week later, he turns up outside Sam’s door, knocking until his brother answers. Sam frowns. “What are you doing here?”
“Well, whatever. I like helping people. I like investigating, and then – I don’t know. It feels like a win, each time. Like I can help people and defeat monsters and come home to a hot girlfriend at the end of the day. It’s better than being an accountant or a personal assistant, which are the two options my high school counsellor came up with.” She side-eyes him. “But you’re retired now, aren’t you? Cassie said you were – or, at least, that’s what Sam told her when she asked after you.”
There’s a twisting emotion in Dean, threatening to rise up and spill out of him, like a whirlpool chucking up sea foam. His eyes are heavy and hot, and he blinks away the moisture threatening to trickle out.
He finds Cas still in the bathroom, door ajar enough that Dean takes it as permission to open it further. Cas stands in front of the mirror, staring at his own reflecting, with his arms locked straight to grip either side of the sink basin. Dean walks in quietly, as if Cas is a creature that can be easily spooked.
That, at least, shocks a brassy laugh from Dean, one he throws his head back to let loose. “Cas. You always know what to say, fuck. Thank fuck you never would have fallen in love with my
“First death: Philip Newman,” Meera says, pointing to the first photo on the wall. A middle-aged guy looks back. “Local dentist divorced and childless. His ex moved out of state, and the only thing our neighbours could tell us was that he occasionally had an escort service over in the early hours.”
Dean curls his fist in victory and says, “Yes. From all accounts, I think you were the last one to see him. I was wondering-”
will be on, at least. But it’s not, and instead Dean gets caught on some chick’s show (in that, while watching, the characters are women are they are talking to each other). He watches a brunette say to a darker brunette, “I think the magic is gone.”
“If it was, Derek hadn’t told any of his friends who she was. Neighbours weren’t awake in the night and they never saw anything out of the ordinary.”
The guy is well-dressed, about the same height as Dean, and wiry. He sizes Dean up, and sneers, “It’s my car.
Dean would watch whatever show was on. Replays of old westerns, or morning cartoons, or recorded music concerts.
He deigns not to rise to that and instead focuses on finishing the gifted cigarette as she clops back into the house.
“So, girlfriend and hooker,” says Dean, twisting his lips. “Gotta be a shapeshifter, and one that’s either female or likes dressing as one.”
However, they also come back with three days of stubble, covered in slime, and each with a strip of pink, glittery hair on their heads.
That’s Dean’s fault. He didn’t show him, and so now that’s his part of the deal, to show him every damn day.
The next round is US folklore, which he and Sammy fucking smash. A childhood on the road had one or two perks - namely, learning each state’s horror story.
Dean would have spit out his coffee if he’d had the misfortune of drinking at that moment. Instead, he settled for a gobsmacked expression. “What? What does that have to do with anything?”
“Okay,” says Cas, and he pushes up, knees on either side of Dean’s hips. His eyes roam over Dean like he’s trying to memorise him, blue eyes black with lust. “Take off your clothes.” He gets up and starts to rummage in the left-hand bedside table, the one unofficially claimed as his own. The instance he stands, Dean races to yank off his clothes. The lust simmering in his veins keeps him from overthinking it, and so he’s naked and sprawled by the time Cas turns back around with a tube of lube in his hand.
“I knew you wanted the holiday!” It feels like more of a victory than it should as Dean follows him out.
Dean shoves off from the car, pacing back. “Fuck it! You’re the one who wanted to go for a nice date. Fuck me for putting
Finally, Dean takes mercy on him and uses his own fingers to unbutton Cas’s cuffs, his shirt, and pushes it away to reveal smooth skin. Cas has hair growing across his chest, dark and soft and unmistakeable masculine. Dean’s palm flattens against him, stroking over him and passing over the nubs of his nipples. At the small shudder that elicits, he grins, thumbs over the skin and then leans forward to lick a broad path against one. Cas gasps and his hand scrapes through Dean’s hair, not quite holding him in place, though Dean would probably like him to.
Cas’s expression scrunches in memory, and he hides his face in the pillow, pushing Dean’s hand into his hair with the moment. Dean doesn’t mind – he just threads his fingers through dark hair and keeps stroking, keeps making small ‘shush’ sounds of comfort.
“Dean,” says Cas, but before he can finish, the doors slam open, and Jody and Donna are through, and there are paramedics close behind them.
Cas looks up the Heavens as if they might, in this one understandable instance, beam him back up. He says, “I’m not sure I should be getting involved.”
Cas appears behind Dean at the bar, suddenly, holding a crate of clean glasses. He begins putting them away without fanfare. Dean is forced to watch Cas’ left hand, now decorated with Dean’s
“You should be used to it - I have done nothing but sacrifice myself at your altar!” Cas snarls. “I’ve rebelled against my God, I’ve slaughtered my own kind, I’ve penanced in purgatory. I took on your brother’s trauma. I have begged for your absolution every step of the way. I have died many times before for you both, for the good of the world.”
, invisible but crackling when he unleashes it all. It’s probably overkill – since Chuck’s demise, most of the more dangerous monsters and creatures have gone to bed. But Dean doesn’t feel safe without at least
Dean overflows the pint glass he’s filling by staring, and hurriedly lets go of the lever when his fingers soak in the froth. He passes the beer over to the waiting man.
, but he’s gripped to the TV anyway. “I’ve been realising that I have a capacity to love, and make love to, more than one type of person.”
. Cas’s hand is so goddamn large, and unrelenting, and Dean swears to whatever deity is left that he’s using his grace for nefarious purposes. Dean has never had a hand job that felt like gloved lightning before.
Cas looks murderous. And that’s all the warning he gets before Angel of the Lord, Warrior of Heaven, Castiel of eternal Thursdays, starts beating him with a sofa pillow. Dean’s laughing, barely protecting himself with his forearms, as he falls onto his back under the blows.
Cas is chatting about his recent woodcarving class to Sam, and he says, “Oh, that reminds me,” before he slides out of the booth and potters over to the bar to rummage behind it. Dean watches him go with an absent focus, sipping at his beer and his eyes floating over the new sweater Cas bought from the farmer’s market. It looks soft, rolled up Cas’ forearms, and the blue takes on a purple hue in the neon signs they’ve hung around.
He comes across a jeweller’s, a middle-aged woman selling various necklaces and bracelets and shiny things. He comes closer with thoughts of Jo’s birthday coming up - she’s a tough girl, but sometimes he thinks she deserves more delicate things in her life - and then he catches sight of the ring display.
Cas smiles, and presses another kiss against his cheek as a not-quite-apology. Dean would be madder if it weren’t completely effective. It’s easy to make light of it here, really, in the sunshine, with their adult slash god slash kid grinning at them and a scarecrow wearing Cas’s old trench coat. There’s a symbolism here, something about new beginnings, but Dean would rather take his family inside for lemonade and a beer than examine it too closely.
It’s in the next instance that they shift a little closer and suddenly, Dean is very aware that he’s hard, and so is Cas, and they’re pressed up from chest to groin to calves. And Dean freezes.
“Okay,” says Dean, and he closes his eyes, and focuses on the heat of Cas’s hand on his skin. With his elbow still on the car seat, his forearm raises to he can slot his own hand against Cas’s. “Cas, I want to kiss you. Can I do that?”
“But – it’s not just guys on TV. There’s been- moments. People. Feelings that I couldn’t make sense of.” He stares down at his hands, the callouses and the lifelines and the scars. He swims in memories of stubble smiles and broad shoulders and stomach flutters. “I feel as if I’m looking at everything with new eyes.”
“I promised to be gentle,” Cas says, and Dean flushes a deep red from his torso to his ears. “You deserve it, and I want to, so I will.”
Cas makes a contented hum. “My apologies,” he murmurs, close and across Dean’s ear, and Dean shivers at the sensation.
of that gives Dean the courage to step a little closer, until Cas is within reaching distance. Dean keeps his hands by his side for now though. “I thought you were choosing to sleep. Like, all angels could do it, but you’re the only one with the free will and desire to do so.”
There is quiet for a moment or so longer, and Dean wonders whether maybe he shouldn’t have asked. Perhaps this is a hidden trigger for Cas that upsets him.
He also won’t let Cas return to work, which is an ultimatum that leads to possibly their worst argument ever, if not in at least five years.
Cas, for his part, trails his free palm alongside Dean’s cheek. “Dean,” he tries again, low and gravel deep. “I expect nothing from you. You understand that, don’t you? That wasn’t the point of my confession.”
He admits that to Cas one night, when the David Attenborough documentary is narrating a story about some gay penguins or whatever and Cas’s feet are thrown into Dean’s lap like that’ll make him give in to foot rubs.
And Cas does so, gripping his palm and helping Dean straighten from awkwardly bent knees. He lets go as soon as Dean is standing on his own two feet, and leaves Dean to brush off the dirt from his jeans. He takes a step back, and for a second, Dean had forgotten how things stood between them. At the reminder, he ignores the sour twist in his chest, and instead tries for a gentle smile.
Cas nods. “I enjoyed her company on Earth, in the instances when we were able to speak. In Heaven, I find her even easier to talk to. I find she is more… settled, perhaps. Less angry, certainly, at what she had to give up in her life.”
Cas lets out a raspy sound, breathless and gasping, and his head knocks back in ecstasy at the idea, and Dean knows he’s stuck gold.
Dean is left staring after them. He waits for the silver car to pull out and drive away before he spins and lashes out, kicks the tire of their pick-up. “God fucking damn it. What the hell is she thinking?”
Thursday night is quiz night at The Roadhouse. Dean and Cas used to take turns in writing the quizzes, but Dean’s questions were along the lines of “On what Kansas album does the song
“You looked after my garden in my absence,” Cas says, sounding almost reverent. He turns slowly, and fuck, he looks reverent too.
“I want you all to know the real me. Just as you’ve known me through cave-ins and quarantines and now even bomb defusals: I want you to know
Cas is remarkably unaffected – especially considering how Dean’s whole skin is suddenly alight and twitchy – as he says, “Mostly in the shower, and sometimes in my room when we were still living in the bunker.”
Cas continues to finger him, careful and brutal at the same goddamn time, sparks jumping through his body every time he curls his fingers and sucks marks at odd spots across his skin. Finally, when Dean is begging and pleading in desperation, dick flushed hard and red, Cas grabs a condom. He pulls out his fingers and wipes them on the bedsheet, and Dean trembles a little at the loss. Before he can freak out, Cas lines up, and asks, “Is this okay?”
At first, Dean thinks – well, listen. He’s not proud of where his mind goes, because obviously they can’t have sex yet like this – and then he realises what Cas actually means.
Dean swallows. It’s probably an unhealthy thing that he likes the idea of Cas asking for permission to leave. But it’s not – it’s not about control. Really. He likes that Cas is stubborn and bull-headed and bitchy. It’s like, fifty per cent of his personality. But Cas has repeatedly been bull-headed straight into danger and death and black creeping ooze. So maybe, for now, they need to train him out of that. It’s a temporary measure, really.
Dean shakes his head. “Nope, not happening. You and Sam make even more trouble together. Last time I let you two go on a case by yourselves, Sam ended up in a sweater vest and a ponytail.”
He has just the energy to cock a grin at her, and ask, “Your most mediocre whiskey please, sweetheart.”
Cas knocks his shoulder against Dean’s, and says, “You aren’t responsible for my injury. And from what I hear, you had plenty to say to who was responsible.”
Cas doesn’t move from his perch against Dean’s whole side. “I am,” he says. “I have everything I wanted, and the calm to go along with it. This is – all of this is my happiness.”
"Morning, sweetheart," Dean says, lower than he meant to, gaze slippery over fall of the sheets around Cas's body. He looks like something from a painting, like Apollo with bedhead.
“Parts of it. Mostly in my dreams – when it’s too difficult to sort the memories from new fears. Angels aren’t supposed to have imagination, either.”
He reaches out and slams the laptop shut, flings it away from him to land on the other side of the mattress. He’s breathing heavily, and his abdomen is tense, and his balls are unhappy.
“Like a reception,” Eileen explains, in her best innocent expression. “A wedding reception. To celebrate your wedding.”
The annual beach getaway was Sam’s idea, a couple of years ago. Benny owns a small beach house in the next town over - it’s the same damn coast, but somehow different enough to make it a whole ordeal. He lends it to them whenever they ask - sometimes he'll join them, and sometimes he won't. (It also depends whether he and Cas are getting along that month.)
Dean hears Cas sigh before he comes to sit beside him. The couch bloats with his weight, but Dean doesn’t look up.
“Why did you, then?” Cas levels him with a hard stare. Any bemusement at the gifts has been shifted away. “
Cas notices, immediately, too soon for Dean to try and hide his reaction (he knows what comes next, he knows what is expected of him, what he has to do). He pulls away, spit-slick lips swollen from kissing, and a small, question-mark crease appears between his brows. “Dean?”
It still disarms Dean, sometimes, the way Sam phrases things. It makes the ugliness of their younger years rise up. Dean wants to snap back that no, Dean
Cas reaches over to clasp his palm over Dean’s knee; the bad one. His grace almost instinctively, unthinkingly, reaches out to heal the missing cartilage. It tingles like mild growing pains. “I understand. I know I was grateful to Chuck when I knew how often he had saved you. Although, of course, I was angry at how many times he had put you in danger.”
Cas puts a hand on Dean’s back, right on the shoulder blade, and Dean jumps, spins around so fast his shoulder knocks against Cas’s outstretched hand. They both stare at it, until Cas lets it fall back to his side.
Dean did consider not bringing him. He thought about making an excuse to the team, saying that Cas had to work late or came down with a stomach bug. But – he thought about telling Cas he didn’t want him to come with. It would not only be a fucking lie (because honestly, Dean wants Cas to come wherever he is) but the idea that he might be ashamed of Cas makes something rot inside of Dean.
“And what, let some more people get ganked?” It slips out of Dean nastier than he meant it. It’s not Cas’s fault that this life never leaves them. It’s not Cas’s fault that Dean is never, ever going to be fucking free of it. They probably jinxed themselves, talking about work is a theoretical sense, like it didn’t still have a tie around their ankles.
And then he spins on his heel and marches out of the kitchen and upstairs. After a moment, Dean hears their bedroom door slam shut.
“Bits and pieces,” Meera says, unapologetically. Her dark hair is pulled back into a low ponytail that sashays as they walk. “She knows shit about my exes too. And, what, you haven’t talked to Cas about Cassie?”
The episode begins to wrap up, but Dr. Sexy calls in his main staff to the front desk for an announcement. Dean feels his heart beat faster and he doesn’t even know why.
, he doesn’t want to. They’re just kissing in the doorway to the kitchen, and fuck knows that Dean would be happy to stay here for eternity.
“How’s it going?” he asks, pulling out a chair and reaching for a document. Sam slaps his hand away lest he mess up whatever system he’s got going on, like the bitch he is. “Jeez, that badly?”
the best, he’s allowed to brag. “And we’ve been trialling some jam, and we’re thinking of getting some bees so we could make honey too.”
No one replies to him, and he’s sure there’s a triumvirate of concerned, ‘what the fuck is wrong with Dean?’ expressions, so he picks up the whisk and gets back to it. The others must take the hint, because Cas asks how the hunt went, and Sam starts regaling him with a detail a ghoul hunt doesn’t quite deserve.
Cas shakes his head, strokes Dean’s biceps (when did his hands get there?) before pushing off and stepping back. “I’m coming – I can fly us there.”
Dean feels that same adrenaline bubble again. It’s just weird. Weirder still that they’re not even referencing Dr. Sexy being a double or secret twin. Sometimes they’ll keep a twist secret, but then why are they making this one so obvious?
“I’m sorry my… recent departure was so distressing. Truly, I am,” says Cas, choosing his words with deliberation. “I really didn’t know it would be.”
He finds a stall selling exotic blends of tea, with flavours from birthday cake to saffron to fresh lavender. He picks up a peppermint and lemon mix, and the artisan tea strainer for it, and carries them away in a recyclable paper bag.
They manage to track down a chick working that evening, hanging out near a bar and obvious by how she checks them out. Her expression sours, though, once they explain who they are and who they’re looking for.
Cas lets out a non-committal hum, and his thumb strokes across Dean’s stubble. “You could,” he allows. “But I don’t believe you will.”
Finally, Cas looks back at him and uses the grip in Dean’s hair to pull him into another scorching, wet kiss. With his other hand, he fumbles his belt open. Dean shivers at the sound of his zipper being pulled down, and he pushes himself closer, ignoring the twinge of his curved back and the creak of the leather below them.
“I told Jack about him,” Cas explains, quietly enough to pretend he’s just talking to Dean. “As an example.”
Sam claps Cas on the back. “I can’t believe it,” he says, grinning. “It’s so good to see you, man, you have no idea how much we missed you.”
“Right,” Dean says, staring at the TV as several half-naked men fly down a fireman’s pole on their way to a call, siren blasting. The subtitles read: [Sexy Music Plays]. And, well, sexy music is indeed playing in the background. “So, it’s about firemen.”
Dean feels fingers stroke through his hair, and he turns to see Cas watching him. He smiles, and Cas smiles too. “That was great,” Dean says, voice slurring a little bit. “Holy fuck.”
?” Cas asks, tinged desperate. “What – Dean, I don’t understand. You went to the bathroom. You were gone ten minutes. Are you drunk?”
, actually, multiple times. Hundreds, if Sam is to be believed about that one time Gabriel fucked with them. This gentle life – he hasn’t earned it. He can’t have.
(He loved reading, too; but Dad didn’t like Dean reading, or at least not where he could see it. He’d come up with different excuses, of course – took up space in the duffel, or took up space in his head, or maybe he decided the book itself was stupid – but he didn’t like it. TV was easier to get away with. Normal kid-stuff that Dad could pat himself on the back for allowing.)
. Multiple times. Our parents fucked us up in different ways. Hunting fucked us up too. Sometimes she clams up and gets really angry at me over little stuff until I figure out what set her off. And sometimes I just…shut down. Like if she asks me what’s wrong, I pretend nothing is, and instead I decide that
Cas lets out a deep sigh, looks over his shoulder to make sure no one is listening around the doorway, and pulls Dean to him. He grabs onto Dean’s jaw with one hand and tugs him into a kiss. Which, Dean resents the idea that it would distract him, except it kind of does.
Dean stands – they’re so close that the movement drags his torso up along the length of Cas’s. His hands float over Cas’s bared arms, before bailing, turning, and pulling his own plaid overshirt away. His is less of a ritual, but Cas’s eyes are hot on him anyway. Dean reaches behind him and tugs his t-shirt up over his head, and then twists his jeans until they’re falling too. He’s not wearing boots, so they’re easy to shuffle out of, along with his socks.
that tone of voice, “More like a new version of Dad’s journal. Speaking of, I found your entry on Castiel the other day. You spent a lot of time on that drawing, huh?”
Dean drives him home in Baby, with one hand on the steering wheel and one hand free to twitch towards Cas on every speed bump or pothole or sharper-than-he’d-like brake. If Cas notices, he’s too kind to say anything.
The house has two bathrooms they manage to get working again through brute force and a surely-that’s-cheating amount of Cas’s grace
Cas opens his mouth, and like Patience had warned him herself, Dean elbows him and interjects, “She’s asking if you work, babe.”
He opens his eyes, and what he sees threatens to carve a chunk out of him. Cas, open and yearning, big blue eyes turned dark and hooded. Cas says, “Yes. Please.”
Cas’s smile is sad, even for a cat. “We keep sacrificing ourselves for each other. Over and over again. I was hoping mine would be the final turn of the cycle.”
They arrive back at the bar in time for the Sunday evening rush, and settle back into their work with salt-dry hair and more freckles than they left with.
Sam and Eileen are walking down the hall, with Sam holding their overnight bag and Eileen holding their shotguns, just as Dean rounds the corner. The couple’s expressions are almost in sync, a combination of wariness and hope that Dean doesn’t have the energy to analyse.
“No,” Cas allows, because at least they can both agree on that. “But this is not, I believe, an ‘either or’ situation.” He uses the same quotation marks Sam did, except this gesture elicits a wave of stupid fondness through Dean. “I will only leave for the evening. I will keep in contact with you via our cell phones, and I will be with your brother.”
“You’re just saying that because you wouldn’t know how to use it,” Victor fires back. “You bought an iPod or a new car yet?”
“Oh,” says Cas, proving that Dean was right to explain. Only Heaven knows what he would’ve said – Dean suspects it would be something that would embarrass him, turn him on, or both. “No, I don’t have a job. Though Dean thinks I should sell some of my produce at the local farmer’s market.”
That does it. Nail-bitten fingers dart out and snatch the money. The kid takes a step back, far enough to be back out of Dean’s reach. Dean hangs his hands down by his sides, tries to look as non-threatening as possible. The kid stuffs the cash into the front pocket of his jeans, and eyes Dean warily. “You go back inside,” he commands. “I don’t want you watching where I go.”
“Hello, Eileen,” he says, in a sleep-croaked rumble. He’s wearing Dean’s Springsteen t-shirt, a little frayed on the seams from Cas’s extra bulk, and plaid bottoms that trail on the floor by his heels.
He gets to know his co-workers well, and even starts to become friends with them. José is a loudmouth, and Mark is quiet until something lands on his foot, in which case he swears up a storm that makes even Dean blush. Rosanna is a spitfire, and reminds him of Jo, especially when she walks up to him on day one and tells him that she’s engaged and fully qualified to be a mechanic, so he can keep any funny business to himself. He raises his hands in surrender, and says, “Your fiancé’s a lucky man, and I don’t believe Patricia would have hired an idiot.”
Dean can’t help the smile that breaks across his face, and to hide it, he pulls Cas into a tight, full-body hug. “You did, huh? You missed someone who just six hours ago, you compared to a mother bear?”
Cas looks like he is reconsidering everything that led him here – well, you and Dean both, buddy. His squint intensifies. “What is there to be jealous of? You loved her previously and you love me now. I understand humans can love multiple people romantically over their life. That’s all there is to it.”
, and you want me, and we’re in bed together, and we’re happy, and your eyes are on me, and you’re naked because you – oh – you
“She was destroyed with the Empty,” says Cas. He shares a look with Dean, and adds, “I, ah, wasn’t feeling particularly forgiving of her, considering our final meeting.”
“You don’t need to worry about me, okay?” she whispers gently, and it gives him permission to screw his eyes shut and let out a deep breath.
Dr Sexy takes a deep breath in. His pretty eyes are glittering. It’s possibly the best acting he has ever done.
Cas slouches further into the couch, wipes a tear from the corner of his eye. “That seemed like it hurt you.”
before you have, alright?” He points the pipe in her direction warningly. “I was raised in this life. I know how to deal with one fucking rakshasa, probably better than you ever could. ”
There’s a feeling, low in his gut, that’s warning him. It’s the same feeling when he entered a building on a hunt and just
But this is an unfamiliar bar, not the Roadhouse, and instead of a hand-carved bee, there’s just a bottle of Jack and a hung-up calendar marking the employees’ shift patterns.
He takes the plant through the backroom and up the stairs that lead to their apartment, before coming back and washing his hands to help. Dean is tempted to tell him he needn’t bother - it’s a surprisingly quiet Saturday night, and Ash is already here anyway. But Dean would like the company, so he doesn’t say anything of the sort.
And here’s the moment Dean will take to his deathbed unshared - Cas cupped his jaw with one hand and said in the kindest voice Dean ever heard, “It’s okay for you to be selfish this time, Dean.”
him, like it’s just a competition between them. Keeps saying things like, “Yeah, you like that? You straight bitch,” and “Your pretty asshole is so tight.”
Meera makes a small noise. “Not selfish,” she says. “It’s not a life for everyone. And from what Cassie tells me, it’s not like you ever had much choice in it.”
He hears some raised voices, and then he hears Cas, croaky bass underneath the jukebox guitar, and then he hears-
Dean lets out a ‘hng’ sound at the depth of Cas’s voice, and says, fooling absolutely no one, “Nothing – ah!”
So, Dean says, magnanimously, as a good friend who wasn’t already begging to feel Cas’s touch to prove his presence, “Take all the body heat you need, man.”
Sam, predictably, is very emotional about the whole thing, and brings up their childhood, and fucking
Dean leads them to the Impala and pulls off the sheet covering her. He pretends not to notice the squeeze of surprise where Cas’s hand is threaded with his before they separate so Cas can get into the passenger side and Dean can slide in behind the wheel.
He’s so busy arguing with Sam about which state Bigfoot originated in that it takes him a second to realise Cas isn’t next to them.
“I’m beginning to see that,” Cas says, not looking at Dean but somehow forcing blood blooming on his cheeks anyway.
“Okay. Yeah, I did,” Dean is forced to admit, laid all out like that in a pattern, and his voice cracks. Time to come out with it, then. “I do. I always – I can’t do anything without you. It’s sad, actually. I think all our friends know it. I think you probably do too.”
“Well, at least we exactly who to blame!” Rage coursing through him and tensing his jaw, he fishes in his pocket and hits 1 on his speed dial.
She raises her eyebrows, looking, just for a second, exactly like her mother. “I don’t know about that. You could make a killing with the PTA crowd.”
Dean focuses on that. On that point of contact, of proof, and pushes away the twisting anxiety underneath it. Somehow, he manages to fall asleep like that.
But, see, Dean already chose the mugs, and Cas’s coffee has been poured into his ‘Bee-Lieve in Yourself’ yellow mug, and Dean’s is in the tacky tourist one he got years ago from Death Valley.
“Yes,” she says, and it’s suspicious. When he doesn’t say anything else, she says, “Well, I’m going back inside. When you want to know about gender, pick someone else to teach you.”
“You’re overthinking it,” says Dean, meaner than he should. His flesh is tender under his skin from rejection and he wants to lash out if only to displace the anxiety thrumming through his veins. “This is the most basic thing in the world, Cas.”
driving Baby. He loves all cars, driving them or fixing them up or watching them from a distance. He remembers the thunder of Baby’s engine, how responsive she’s always been. She’s been home in a way nowhere else could have been because she was there in sickness and health. She was there when they drove from burning buildings and when they drove across the whole damn country, back and forth. She’s the only thing of John’s that Dean still has, apart from the anger and the shoulders. She’s beautiful, and Dean has rebuilt her enough to know every inch of her blindfolded and upside down. She’s his favourite possession in the whole world.
“And what if you’re not?” Dean twists a little within Cas’s grip so he can catch his gaze properly. “Who do I call? What spell do I cast to draw a portal to get up there? What ingredients do I need?”
Dean’s left elbow rests over the backrest of their seat, and his fingers begin to tap an anxious beat on the leather. “And – and your imagination. What do you imagine?”
They haven’t been on a hunt since Cas got back. Dean hasn’t gone looking for one, and Sam hasn’t even mentioned any possible cases. And sometimes, Dean gets gripped by guilt about it. Who is he to give up the mission?
“I told you he wasn’t up to tequila shots,” teases Meera, and Cassie nudges her quiet with a good-natured elbow.
No. Sorry, Cas can be cute about it all he wants, but Dean isn’t leaving the negotiations without his prize. Cas claims stubborn, Dean will show him stubborn. “Then we argue, and we come back to each other. Okay? Cas,
Faintly, he’s aware that they probably look ridiculous. Just staring at each other, stock-still, embarrassingly latched on. But Dean would sing
His thumb presses down again and the television start up. The camera twists now to the reactions of Dr Sexy’s fellow doctors and colleagues. They’re all – happy. They’re smiling, even Kenneth, who Dr Sexy has been feuding with for at least four episodes now. They look proud of Dr Sexy, like this is something to
From what they can discover, there’s been two murders, both just average Joe’s from all accounts. One single, one married. One was a dentist; one was a janitor. The only correlations are that they were both killed at home at night, nothing valuable was taken from the homes, and there doesn’t seem to be a clear suspect.
“Cas, sweetheart,” Dean steps close, forces his voice low and gentle and only a little bit brittle. “Don’t do this. I love you. Okay? I love you.”
!” Fuck. Dean wipes across his jaw in a futile attempt to control his breathing. He notices his hand is shaking too, which, great. “Cas,” and his voice cracks, and he thinks, fuck it, everything he’s done, he did for love, and he says, “I don’t know how to want things. Not for myself. Not selfishly. But I want you. I want you to be happy, and I want to be the reason you’re happy. It just – it all got tangled up in my head.”
. And it all got fucked up in my head. And so, when we were together, no matter how much I wanted it, wanted you, it couldn’t be real because of who I’d been with before. And if it wasn’t real, I couldn’t – I couldn’t accept it.”
“I’m, uh,” he says. “Making up for lost time. Come on.” And he gestures for Cas to follow him through, into the living room. To his surprise, Cas does so, steps soft behind him. He’s wearing a new t-shirt, a different one of Dean’s, along with his boxer-briefs. Dean chooses not to bring that up right now.
soft. Like freshly washed fur, or velvet. It reminds Dean of what he felt in the Empty – but the static charge has gone, at least. The water cascading over him doesn’t shift his shape like fur would, but it feels damp to the touch when Dean helps clean him with gentle strokes.
His brain is spiralling. He needs to get back inside. He needs to play it cool.  He needs to get over something that happened nearly thirty years ago, Jesus.
He’d picked the tomatoes in excitement, just two, one for their burgers that night and another to make club sandwiches the next day. Cas doesn’t always have a great appetite, like how some nights he can sleep and others he can’t. Dean has asked about his grace, but Cas always just smiles and tells him not to worry. He has his own grace back, but something about it not taking up as much room in him as it did before. Dean thought that home-grown tomatoes, especially grown with angelic grace, might tempt Cas into finishing a full plate of Dean’s cooking, might tempt him to smile contently over a plate of hot food and a full stomach.
He’s a fucking idiot, he realises, in one whoosh as if someone had physically hit him with the realisation.
“Bobby and I are going travelling,” she said over one lunch, whilst Dean’s sandwich stuck in his frozen hands. “Jo wants to open her own business - a gun shop, I expect - because god forbid she follow in her mother’s footsteps. So Bobby suggested I offer it to you, before he offers you the scrapheap.”
Dean lets out a breath, and Cas kisses a path along Dean’s inner thigh until his nose nudges at Dean’s balls. His tongue laps at the thin skin, and then he kisses further up until his tongue is wet along Dean’s shaft. Dean groans and forgets to tense as Cas begins to suck him down, wet and inelegant and all the more amazing for it. He feels Cas’s finger move inside of him, but the sensation is going from weird-full to contented-full to actually-fucking-good-full. It helps that every time he remembers to worry about it, Cas’s mouth and tongue are letting some kind of magic loose on his dick, and he gets quickly distracted by the sensation. He feels Cas’s finger move in and out of him, crooking inside of him, and then
Cas nods, finally deciding to be useful to the conversation. “I’m sorry,” he says. “I had forgotten we hadn’t told anyone.”
does that turn Dean on? He grips Cas’s hand closer, and says, “Right. That’s, ah. I’m happy for you.” At Cas’s teasing squint, he scowls and demands, “Eat your sandwich, Mr Gay Angel. And let’s watch something else, okay?”
“Can’t I want my boyfriend to fuck me anywhere?” counters Dean. “For fucks’ sake, Cas, give me a break.”
Dean knows that Cas has nightmares, just like Dean but different. He knows the sound of muffled cries through their adjoined bedroom walls, and he knows that when he goes to knock on the door, Cas will open it and then immediately fall into the hug Dean offers.
“I agree,” says Cas, the first thing he’s said all evening. When Dean looks back, Cas is staring ahead with an expressionless face as he says, “And I’m sure two hunters are more than enough for one rakshasa.”
Dean grins, and claps Sam on the shoulder as he steps past him to enter. As soon as he sees Eileen, she rushes over to grab him into a tight hug. As soon as she pulls back, she signs quickly, “How’s Cas?”
“Seems like it.” He wavers for a second before he decides on sticking his hand out for her to shake. “You’re a damn good hunter, Cassie. Shouldn’t have doubted you.”
Then there comes the familiar bang of the front door shutting, and Dean startles. “Sam,” he says. He reaches and grabs Cas, ignoring his offended noise, and wraps the towels tighter around him to shield him from view. He clutches Cas against his chest and darts out of the bathroom.
“I consider myself a gay man,” says Cas, putting Dean out of his misery like he is often wont to do. “Well. Gay angel, I suppose.”
Dean rests his head on the pillow, and just – lies there, with the lights off and his eyes wide open. He can hear the rumblings of the bunker outside, and his own breathing. His body is wind tight on his side, with one arm underneath his pillow and the other resting on his ribs. He lets out a shuddering breath. The long minutes pass.
Home Depot - maybe more than Dean does. They spend about twenty minutes watching the paint mixer machine and placing bets on what colour the paint will be. They go around the greenhouse round back and buy a solar-powered outdoor lamp shaped like a ladybug for Cas’s garden. They wander the aisles picking up the components they need: twine, 2x4’s, straw. They buy some workmen’s gloves, and then stop by the nearby thrift store to pick up a large plaid shirt, old jeans, a white pillowcase and a Stetson hat with a patterned rim. On the way back, they stop for lunch too at a local diner where the waitresses know Dean and Cas both by name.
There were moments, sure, where – where maybe he did. Where maybe that hunt for lesbian nun ghosts was deliberately timed for his birthday, or the boys’ school was supposed to straighten him out in more ways than one. But Dean can’t panic himself now, not until he gets to Heaven and confronts him there. He’s not going to stress himself about that now, not when Dad put enough on his shoulders when they were both living. Not when he doesn’t even have a boyfriend that proves it.
“I get that,” says Sam, tilting his voice gentle. “But it sounds like he is. If he’s feeling well enough to kick you from the apartment, it sounds like he has his mojo back.”
“You don’t mean that,” she says, calling him out easily. “They love you. I presume you love them too.”
. They’re not fighting over Lucifer or Amara or Leviathans. Cas isn’t dead, dying, or God – he’s just sulking over some birds in their kitchen.
Jack and Cas are telling the truth about their time in Heaven relative to time on Earth, then, because Dean woke up this morning on the tail end of a dream that promised,
He nods, oblivious to the daggers Dean is glaring at Cassie, and says, “I do understand. As far as I can tell, nothing was specifically taken from each victim, though they are missing flesh. I weighed them, and each of the gentlemen were missing around a third of their estimated body weight. There was nothing else found at the crime scene.”
Cas lets out another exhale of frustration before he’s twisting them over and leaning over Dean entirely. Dean’s entire body decides on an eloquent ‘guh’ in reaction. “I promised to not leave you again,” he says, and it sounds like a vow. Dean is helpless against those blue eyes, so intense and so close. “I meant that. Did you mean it in asking?”
Cas makes a disgruntled sound and pushes away. He slides out of their bed, and says, “I’m going to the bathroom.”
“Yeah!” Dean snaps, out of control and hot to the touch, shaking out of his useless skin. “You want me to be gay. So I’m gay. You want to fuck me, don’t you? So I’m trying to get you to fuck me, and suddenly I’m the bad guy?”
Said trench coat has been hanging in the wardrobe since. Dean wouldn’t let it be magicked up into Heaven, or a pocket dimension, or whatever. He also refused to wash it or hide it away. So, in the closet it's been waiting.
He finds the nursery owner with a succulent stall, and she asks him how Cas’s latest installment is. He begrudgingly tells her that it’s thriving under Cas’ care, as most plants do. She claps her hands together in delight, and says, “He has such green fingers, you know. You’re a lucky man.” And Dean goes very red and has to make his excuses to leave, before he can buy the aloe vera he was thinking about bringing home.
Cas says, after a beat, to cut through all of it, “It wasn’t fear. It wasn’t just about being left behind. Not for me.”
Dean's jaw works, and he grabs both mugs, fully prepared to do a runner. Fuck Sam, fuck this conversation. He ignores the disappointment that tightens Sam’s eyes. Fuck him, fuck that.
and resolves to take them both by the nearest menswear or thrift store to complete the ensemble. Cas looks back over his shoulder, as he heard Dean’s thought, and his eyes twinkle.
. He touches Cas, constantly, tries to reassure him with fingertips or kisses or full body embraces. He curls up close beside Cas when they go to bed, he cooks for them both every night, and he doesn’t start or escalate a single fight. If Cas is annoyed about something, Dean fixes it. If Cas complains, Dean apologies.
Dean could kiss him. Really, he could. “Probably,” he says. “If only so he stops bringing home houseplants. The lil’ dude belongs in a forest, really.”
Sam snorts at that, at least. He rolls the bottle between his hands, and eventually says, “You know, sometimes Eileen and I struggle too.”
. Young enough that Dean wants to go hunt down the man, leave him so bloody and bruised his plaid shirt is the only way to identify him.
She holds her hands up in surrender. “Fine! Fine. I won’t pry – but at some point, we have to give in to the stereotype and get drunk off mimosas.”
“I would be honoured to fight by your side,” Cas says solemnly. He walks up to Cassie and then past her, towards the right pathway. He looks back over his shoulder, and says to them all, dry as anything, “The race is on.”
“I cheated a little with my grace,” Cas admits in return, like it’s a secret and not incredibly obvious from the bright red raspberries grown from barren earth within two weeks.
Cas asks him too, asks if Dean was ever jealous of those who distracted him. (He phrases it like that, too. Distracted from Dean. That’s how he views any romantic dalliances. Cool.)
1) a personal headcanon: Cas writes kirk/spock fanfiction that Dean pretends not to read, but still has a Livejournal account just to anonymously comment every time Cas writes an update. The writing varies between the most beautiful prose Dean’s ever read, springing up tears as Cas describes surveying a new planet, versus dirty, dirty situations where Kirk keeps getting his top ripped up and his southern drawl accentuated. (Does Kirk have a southern accent? Dean finds that suspicious but won’t admit why.) (Also: Dean absolutely dresses up as Kirk one night, ripped boob window and all.)
Cas pushes inside, and Dean’s head falls back, exposing his throat as Cas fills him up, inch by inch, until Dean is full to bursting. He was so sure it would hurt and it takes a second for him to realise it isn’t. His rim is stretched, and there's the hint of a stinging twinge, sure, but Cas spent so long opening him that now, he’s just
Cas stares at the scarecrow for a long moment. Finally, he says, “So, you and Jack spent the day building this. Rather than you just apologise for a rather harmless mistake, in the grand scheme of things, and try to remember to not do it again.”
Cas shrugs, and the movement makes his shoulder nudge into Dean’s armpit. “Shall we just see what’s on?”
Dean is going to throw the mug at his face, see how smarmy he is with second-degree burns and shards of pottery sticking out of his face. "I don't want to talk about it, actually."
Cas continues. “When I was there most recently. I thought – well. I thought that was it. And then Jack rescued me. He had to take my grace fully from me in order to pull me out of there.”
“I know I am,” Dean says, and his voice drops low and tender. “Sweetheart, I know. We can take time apart. I’ll get used to it. Heaven, and time with Jack, that’s important. Of course it is. But I need to know when you’re coming back. I’ve spent too much time waiting for you to come back, Cas. I don’t think I’ve got it in me to do it anymore.”
“That’s all,” he says back, making his signs language sharp and deliberate. It doesn’t affect her expression.
“You prayed to me,” Cas comments, without much inflection, no matter how much Dean strains to hear anything at all. “To tell me you’re bisexual?”
He continues, “I am well-aware that human theory hasn’t caught up yet. Should we discuss every failing of mankind? We might be talking until your species actually does catch up.” He narrows his eyes. “I am not ‘half species’ of
There’s a shift by his foot. Dean freezes, locks up even tighter, as there comes a small, padding weight, climbing onto his knee, and travelling up the line of his body. He closes his eyes and presses his face into the pillow to hide it.
Dean frowns. “What, you think he’d enjoy it? I don’t know, Cas. He’s a Riverdale fan, sure, but they’re pretty different shows.”
And Cas tugs him down for a deep kiss, somehow deeper than anything back in the car or shared before. When he pulls away, Dean’s lips are tingling from electric grace he doesn’t think Cas meant to let loose. Cas’s eyes are bright. “You make me very happy,” he says. “Thank you for looking after the garden. You didn’t have to.”
She leaves him alone after that. Better that way, probably. He runs a finger around the rim of his fresh glass and sits there thinking.
Dean’s finger hovers over the play button. “Um. Yeah? Is- what’s the issue? Aren’t you enjoying it?”
“If you hurt yourself, I will leave,” Cas vows. “I will never speak to you again, even in Heaven. I know of no other way to – to
expect something from me,” replies Dean, staring determinedly at the fourth button down of Cas’s white shirt. He starts to plan his strategy. He can – he can touch a dick. It’ll be just like touching his own. He liked kissing Cas – they can do more of that. He let men come on his face or in his mouth or in his hand for some cash; he can do it again. It’ll be fine.
“Right, so I don’t think I can really be out of practice! And I think Cas and I are probably a darn sight better equipped to handle this than Cassie and her gal pal partner!”
Of course Dean wants him. But he keeps fucking it up. And that’s where Cas is wrong – Dean is still failing to prove that to him.
The troubled look doesn’t leave Cas’s face, but the main door swings open as a tipsy couple come staggering out and Dean leaps upon the excuse. “Come on,” he says, slipping his fingers through Cas’s hand for grounding. He tugs Cas with him. “You gotta help me carry the drinks back to the table.”
There isn’t a somewhere-in-between-and-both option. He needs to choose – straight or gay. Men or women. And he’s choosing Cas. Now and for the rest of their stupid lives. And Cas is a man. Dean is also a man, so therefore, he is gay. End of fucking discussion.
“It’s Tuesday,” Sam replies. Dean doesn’t need to look at him to know he’s raising a bitchy eyebrow that Dean, actually, does not care for. “Seriously. First you cancel weekly dinners and don’t answer your phone, and then I come to find you like this?”
He trails off, and Dean’s sex-dumb mind is left to translate. He nods, once he gets it, and crooks his finger, and Cas crawls closer to give him another deep kiss. Dean can taste himself on Cas's tongue. “Yeah,” says Dean. “Yeah, I want you.”
Before he can think it through, he slides it onto the finger it belongs on. It fits, snug and perfect, against the meat between Cas’ knuckles.
Dean kisses him again, on the tender skin between his neck and shoulder, before the hair there bristles into stubble. “I’ll buy you a new pair.”
She cackles, undeterred. “What’s the matter, Dean? You don’t like your little sister-in-law talking about boning? You don’t want to know what I did to Sam last night to make him-?”
“No,” lies Dean. He lets out an exhale, and then adds, “Do you ever think - do people think we’re weird?”
Dean shoves his hands into his pockets on a shrug. “Depends on the realtor, and how fucked up the place is. And how much I let Cas use his grace to speed up the process.”
“Right,” agrees Dean, weakly. His hands do not move. Aforementioned penis has not learnt its lesson from this morning, because it makes a valiant effort to swell up again. His perineum and pubic bone also seem interested in being acknowledged, so, cool, great, fucking dandy.
“I also said I didn’t tell Sam about it,” Dean says, and stands to clap Cas on the shoulder as he passes. “Didn’t you wonder why he got you a Guide Dogs for the Blind donation for your birthday?”
Dean scratches his fingertips across Miracle’s head and finishes his beer with the crickets for company.
Finally, Dean dumps Cas onto the mattress before he makes the conscious decision to; before he can overthink the implications. Fortunately, Cas just starts curling up at the bottom of the bed, and Dean shucks his outer layers and pants quietly. He then crawls into the fresh bed in his t-shirt and boxer-briefs.
Sam bites the inside of his cheek. It does a crappy job of hiding his grin. “You made one for me?” He asks innocently. “Gee, thanks, Dean.” He holds out a hand expectantly.
Cassie comes over and shares a private look with Meera. Whatever it means, Meera nods, and walks over to Cas, far enough away to give them some privacy.
,” Dean hisses into the phone, which he is fully fucking aware does not prove his point. He lets out an irritated snarl, and says, “Whatever. You can text her and tell her to go back home, where it’s safe, ‘cause Cas and I have got this case sorted.”
Dean shouldn’t – his fucking – he groans, and arches his back, and grabs at the base of his dick. “Fuck, dude,” he pants, and plants his feet on the mattress so he can spread himself more easily. “Cas, sweetheart. You have to – I can’t –
“Wait.” A lightning bolt hits Dean between the ears. “Repeat exactly what he said, and what you said.”
“Right.” There’s the sound of gravel underneath boots, and then the thud of a warm body leaning next to him. “Very fresh, indeed.”
Cas’s jaw sets, a mean look tensing the skin around his eyes. “Dean. Don’t pick a fight. I know you. I know how much you love this car. I love this car because you do. Why won’t you drive it?”
Cas finally breaks and lets out a small chuckle. He shakes his head, and wanders close, stepping delicately over the plants. He knocks his shoulder against Dean’s too and brushes their fingers together. “You’re hopeless.”
And whenever turns out to be now, because Dean cries out and comes, crests over the edge, and his dick spurts white cum over the sheets below them. Cas’s moan echoes against Dean’s skin, and he keeps pumping Dean’s cock through the aftershocks, and he speeds up until he’s thrusting fast and erratic and desperate, and it’s all Dean can do to stay upright enough to be a good hole for Cas to finish within. Finally, he does, hands gripping tight on Dean’s hips, hopefully enough to bruise, and holds himself deep inside of Dean as he finishes.
, flesh and spirit. Dean rakes a hand through his soft hair and kisses away the bad memories. He’s using Cas, just as the johns all used him before. But there’s nothing to be done about that. He made his choices, sixteen years old or now, and so has Cas, and so has that kid, probably making his way back to a shitty motel and shitty life.
So, yeah, it’s like on TV. Thinking back retroactively and putting all the pieces together. Rewinding, but not. Flashback scenes, muted grey or slowed down for dramatic effect. Dean thinks of all the times he was angry and reframes it around jealousy. All the loss and converts it into love. They have a history together, and Dean’s still re-watching it.
For some reason, Sam shifts guiltily, and Dean instantly decides to not touch that with a ten-foot stick. “Uh, yeah. Anyway – when are you thinking of moving?”
He takes a sip – she made a perfect choice of whiskey, neither too cheap to drink nor richer than he deserves – and swallows. He sets the glass back down, thumbs the condensation on the outside, and says, “You playin’ therapist?”
Something in Dean’s head goes totally blank. He’s just – caught in the blue of Cas’s eyes and the pillow of his mouth and the way he just
He swallows and turns back to Cas. He crouches down beside him, and ignores the silence of the bar, and Dick’s shaking groans, and Claire’s expression. Cas has thrown up again, so Dean takes the near-full tub and leans over the bar to empty it. He puts it back in Cas’s lap, and says, “Cas? Can you hear me?”
. He’s on his knees and he was enjoying having a dick in his mouth, and he’s everything his Dad would have hated, and he’s gay so why can’t he just be that? He’s a slutty cocksucker, and that’s the goddamn truth, and Cas won’t even let him have
“I know. ‘S why I didn’t ask.” Dean wiggles the cash a little bit. “Come on, kid. What are you saving up for? A bus? Shoes? Food? Have you got someone you’re looking out for?”
He expects the house to look different. But it’s still there, with the bricks they laid and the garden they dug. There’s a windchime hanging on the front porch in the shape of fairies – a joke from Sam that Dean still isn’t sure whether he should be offended by or not.
“Right,” says Dean, nodding fast. “The netting. Super important. So important, really, it seems doubtful that I would have forgotten like, such an important thing.”
“Hm,” murmurs Dean, watching Cas’s drowsy eyelids close. He fights the fond smile threatening to emerge on his face. “Well, then, I’m sorry for telling you the vending machines were out of candy.”
Cas shakes his head in between sips of coffee. The steam makes the tips of his dark hair curl in, just slightly. “You probably won’t - once they reach six feet, they tend to stop growing.”
The second floor has four bedrooms – two are spare, one’s a library, and one is the master for Dean and Cas to share. By unspoken rule, one of the rooms is decorated for Sam and Eileen, whilst the other is clearly for Jack, with teddy bears and golden walls. Dean is determined to buy the best memory mattresses possible, and all bedrooms have a box underneath the bed, easily accessible, filled with salt, a loaded gun, and holy water.
sure we’ll still argue in the future. I’ve been told we are both very stubborn.” He quirks a small smile.
They were roommates before they were friends. After Sam moved out, an adult going to a faraway college, Dean had an empty room and too much quiet to deal with. Cas was the one who answered his Craigslist advert, ten years ago.
Really, though, what would he say even if he was brave enough to talk about it? He can’t tell Cas. It could hurt his feelings. Or, worse, he might doubt Dean can do this, can love him like he wants to be loved.  It’s not that. He needs to – he needs to just get on with it. Push through the fear, and let Cas -
He twists Dean with the ease and strength of the heavenly creature he is, so that Dean’s calves are against the bed, and then he pushes gently down until Dean gets the hint and sits down on the edge. Cas shuffles forward so he stands between Dean’s loosely open knees. Dean keeps hold of his hand and draws his other to rest on the side of Cas’s thigh, rucking the trench coat slightly. He looks up and thinks of prayer.
It’s like when a character on TV reveals something about themselves, and you have to rethink everything.
Cas shrugs. “I always have been. I don’t expect other people to understand our friendship. It’s not theirs, anyway.”
Also, he came on his boyfriend’s chest less than an hour ago so, you know, he’s in a pretty good mood.
Later, in bed, Dean wraps Cas around him and tangles their legs underneath the bedsheets. He revels in the brush of Cas’s leg hair against his own. Weird, but not.
He tucks his forearms against Cas’s collarbone so he can press closer, tilts his chin so he has the best angle to slide his lips against Cas’s, so he has the brace support to open his mouth and let Cas’s tongue slip wet and sloppy inside. He lets out a gasp, a half-committed groan, and he finally lets go of Cas’s jaw only so he can grip a hand into his hair. Cas moves too, slides his hands across Dean’s back to hold him close. His lips are lush and firm and desperate, getting sloppier and swollen by the second. The tips of his fingers embed themselves in the flesh on either side of his spine, like he could claw Dean apart to get inside of him. Dean thinks he’d let him.
Dean goes through the motions. They defeat Chuck, leave him as a waste-of-space-human (just like Dean), and Jack replaces him – and – and great, another one Dean failed.
Dean is in the storeroom, cataloguing inventory (it’s not actually his turn, but Claire and Ash always find ways to beg out of stock-take, and Cas tends to get distracted by imagining new recipes or deciding they need a new IPA menu).
Cas says, after a few moments of driving in silence with the sun rising high, “I take it that not driving the Impala was part of all this.”
He scowls at her. “Fine.” Not believable, obviously, but he puts enough force into it that he hopes she’ll at least leave it alone. “We figured out that it’s a rakshasa. Sam and I fought one way back in the day; they need permission to enter someone’s home, and they can shapeshift. They eat their victims but take bones and meat back to their nest.”
He sits on the couch they bought from a charity furniture store because Cas said he liked old things with personality (and then levelled a look at Dean that Dean elected to ignore, even as he counted out the cash for the damn thing).
It’s this that explains him gripping Cas’s hand and saying determinedly, “I like your body. I like you in it. I like you as a guy.”
“I’m sorry I lied to you about it,” replies Dean, punctuating it with a yawn. “Now, shush. I’ll get you all the candy you like when you’re better.”
“It’s amazing,” says Dean. He holds it aloft, imagining how it would look on a wall. “Where do you think it would fit? Maybe behind the bar? Or do you think you’ll make others we can hang next to it?”
He gets desperate about two months in, having read all the books and texts he could find, having called all his old contacts and done his own research. He starts pleading to make a new deal, but no one is picking up his prayers or promises. Jack must have closed both ends because the crossroads and the chapels are fucking empty. Or maybe the Empty has a stronger hold on all of them, like a bar owner at the end of the night not letting any of the staff serve him.
Dean’s pathetic offering sits on the coffee table like a strange decoration. Cas tugs on the string of a nearby table lamp, and illuminates the space.
“Thanks!” says Jack, brightly. “Cas helped. Sometimes I’d have an idea, and he’d point out how that went badly in the past.”
His brother's eyes widen, just a little, before he schools his expression into something more neutral. "Right," he says, slowly.
Dean looks around, checks there’s no-one nearby, and he reaches, below the cover of the bar, for Cas’s hand. He loops their ring-heavy hands together. “I’m glad you like them,” he confesses, only to Cas. “I didn’t want you to think it was weird. When - I mean, we’re not really married. But - just in case.”
“We’ll do it,” says Dean, impulsively. When all three of them look at him with a variety of strange expressions, he hastily explains, “Come on, who’s going to look like more of a John? I know how these women work.”
They move together, like something spiritual. Each bone-deep thrust makes Dean’s toes curl and some kind of profanity slip from his lips, whether a curse or Cas’s name. Their skin is damp where it touches, and Dean’s hand skitters over Cas’s before settling on the meat of his ass. He squeezes, and Cas stutters on his next thrust, and Dean lets out a gasp. Their bodies connect along every inch of skin, and every fresh touch sets off a reverb.
Dean swallows the panic in his throat. His hand twitches within Cas’s hold – he doesn’t quite know whether he wants to get away or curl in close.
The first intrusion is – well, Dean’s expecting it, after his own research post-bi-crisis. A little strange, a little uncomfortable, but he begs for more and the second finger makes all the difference. He feels full, and it’s so much
Dean freezes. Cas nudges his hand to make him resume, and then cracks an eye open when Dean doesn’t. Dean croaks, “What.”
“No rush,” Dean replies, and presses a kiss against his hair. He smells like Dean’s shampoo, but still with that bottled-lightning-tinge. It’s awesome.
He’s caught on the thought as they round the corner, and so that’ll be his excuse, if anyone ever asks him, as to why it takes him a moment to recognise one of the two women by the body.
Cas pauses for a moment, before saying, “I will come back, Dean. I promise. You can text Jack in the slim chance I run late. But – I
In the doorway, as if they had just walked in, stands Jack and Castiel, side by side, just as the day they left. Jack is grinning, and Cas is-
“Of course you can.” Dean kisses that patch of neck again, and Cas turns in his hold, casting the gloves aside, and just
His face is cat-like, with a pointed chin, the ears and the massive eyes, but it has strange, eldritch additions, like extra specks of glowing blue on his forehead, and a jet-black tongue rather than the normal pink. He doesn’t have whiskers, either. His body too, isn’t quite a cat, more cloudlike and diffused, constantly shifting like an ink spill or a cloud. He doesn’t have a tail, and he sometimes has legs, depending on whether he needs them, or they can curl back into the cloud of his body.
But Cas is Cas and he doesn’t let Dean off that easily. He pauses in his scrolling, on a photo of the back deck, and tilts his chin to prompt, “And?”
“Shut up,” rebukes Dean because he’s a scholar like that. “I will burn that laptop in holy oil, see if I don’t.”
“I rebuilt your muscles, remember,” says Cas matter-of-factly, like he hasn’t just broken said-rebuilt brain in Dean’s skull. “I know where you carry your tension.”
“But you’re back.” They can explain everything else to him later, anything more complicated than that. “And – there’s no one after us. You promise?”
The rest of the drive back to the motel is spent in silence, and Dean wonders whether he can call Jack down to piss him off too and make his score four for four today.
And Cas just – freezes. He doesn’t blink, eyes darting all over Dean as if waiting for the punchline. Meanwhile, Dean’s heart is thrumming an angry and desperate beat against his ribcage. “You mean that,” he rasps, not quite a question as he searches Dean’s face for a take-back, an ‘as a brother’ amendment, a plural.
“The woman. The one with the rack and the - touching.” Dean’s just being an ass tonight, apparently.
Luckily, Cas makes the decision for them both. He leads them into their bedroom and pushes at Dean’s overshirt until it floats the floor. He unbuckles his jeans and pushes them down too. He takes his own shirt off, and kicks off his own pants, and then he pushes Dean towards the bed, underneath the covers. He slides in behind Dean, slots them together like Jack’s Lego pieces, with his knees fitting between Dean’s legs and his arms slung over Dean’s ribs.
Cas follows him into the vehicle’s cabin, and as Dean starts up the car, he asks, “Then, what is it about? Explain it to me.”
He’s clutching at Cas, who’s panting into his mouth with one hand curled by his head and the other busy stroking inside of Dean. He’s garbling prayers to a god he doesn’t believe in and thrusting up to rub his dick against Cas’s navel. He tugs at Cas’s pyjama pants where he can reach them, and then Cas adds another finger and he tenses, seizes up. He yanks Cas down and kisses him savagely. “I’m ready,” he promises, in between heady breaths. “Come on,
She glances at his hand for just a moment before batting it aside and pulling him into a tight hug. He freezes for just a moment before sinking into it, closing his eyes and just breathing in that familiar scent of her shea butter shampoo and sweat. He doesn’t love her, not in the same way he used to, but fond nostalgia washes over him all the same. He’ll always care for her, just like he’ll always care for Lisa and Rhonda and all the other women he left behind.
Cas scrabbles at his arms, his hips, his back, clutching him close. He arches his back from the door, pushing their chests impossibly closer, and yes, this is what Dean wanted, to lose himself completely in Cas’s body, his touch, his skin. He lets out a groan against Cas’s mouth, and moves laterally to nip a path across Cas’s jaw and down his jugular, darts of Dean’s tongue on the bolt of his jawline.
For a moment, just one guilty moment, he takes a weird kind of perverse pleasure in that fact. Cas is mad at him for ruining his tomatoes. That’s
He catches sight of it the next day, and his world shifts to the side a little bit. He’s wearing his own, of course, and doubts he’ll ever take it off. It’s midday, so they’ve only stragglers and mid-journey truckers in the bar. The type of customer who doesn’t know what Dean looks like without a wedding band, so doesn’t know to find its appearance strange.
“Right,” he says, nodding, and takes another swallow. Then, rushing out of him, he says, “I fucked things up. You must get that all the time – but really. I did.”
“Um. No. I didn’t.” Dean’s starting to feel a little embarrassed, and a little pathetic too. He casts his gaze away. “I wasn’t – you know, I wasn’t getting it ready for when you came back. It was just- you know.”
Even the bad times, too. When he threatened, in front of Bobby’s kitchen sink, to throw Dean back in the pit. When he made that deal with Crowley, and spent months spying on Dean invisibly. Their fights, and times apart, and the bloodshed.
. We fought so bad I think I got a black eye and you were limping a little afterwards. And you go off in one of Bobby’s cars to get some air, and I’m fuming in the kitchen with some frozen peas on my eye. And Bobby comes in, and he just says, as he’s passing through, “You shouldn’t say that to your brother.” At the time, I thought he was just – you know, telling me not to be homophobic. Maybe he was, I don’t know.” Sam shrugs. “But since Cas died, and I started thinking differently…I don’t know. It stuck out. We never said anything more about it, but.”
It’s the best confessional Dean’s ever attended. The truth is pulled out of him before he can try to keep it inside: “I want you to fuck me, Cas.”
. It’s like the Roadhouse, or what Men of Letters should have been, except it’s Dean’s little brother at the middle of it. Without Chuck pulling the strings, without another apocalypse or heavenly civil war on the horizon, they can take each monster as it comes. It’s almost a relief.
“Okay, sweetheart.” Cas’s smile is something hot to even look at, and the pet name makes Dean shudder
to be goddamn sincere here. He makes another attempt at it. “I wanted you to be happy because I love you, so I lied that I did to make you happy. Except, and I want to reiterate this, I did love you, so it wasn’t a lie! I fucked it up because I couldn’t fathom the idea that what made you happy would make me happy too. Okay?”
Cas puts to use the entire lexicon of every language ever created throughout the ages and replies, “Hng.”
She smiles at him like she gets it, that crooked fondness he always wanted to deserve. She reaches up and gives him a quick kiss on the cheek with a squeeze of his arm, and then steps back.
Dean waves him off, and then wanders back to the sofa. He settles into the couch with a fresh beer and clicks on the television.
Cas shuffles along the Impala’s bench seat until he’s pressed right up against Dean, and he presses a kiss right at the bolt of Dean’s jaw. That must be some kind of secret spot Cas implanted when he resurrected Dean, because somehow a full-face blush spreads from the area across Dean’s cheeks. Cas says, “Apologies for my teasing. Thank you for your continued honesty. I really do believe it will serve us well.”
So, it’s like on TV, when a character reveals something and you have to rethink everything you knew about them. Except the character is Dean, and everything he thought he knew about himself is his whole fucking life.
Cas breaks away first but doesn’t go far. He knocks their foreheads gently together. “Do you want to talk about it?”
Dean stares at the message for a long time. He can see the appeal – he downloaded the app ten minutes ago and he already has a potential match waiting in his pocket.
Cas’s dazed expression turns into a glare, and he yanks Dean back down for more kisses. Dean goes willingly, kissing hot and fast until he hears the first sound of jerking flesh, and his mouth goes slack in lust.
Cas drops his forehead onto Dean’s shoulder and says, after a pause, “I understand. But only if you can understand that the idea of you dying… Is extremely painful to me.”
Cassie crosses her arms. “For a few years. Unbelievably, I have had a life independent of you, Dean.”
They’re sweaty and sticking and perfect, and Dean’s hands skate over Cas like he doesn’t know where to touch, where to squeeze. Cas kisses him as much as he can, their mouths sliding against each other with little finesse or purpose other than to be joined here too.
Cas bends down to press a kiss against Dean’s sternum as he pulls his fingers out. He reaches for a condom and Dean thinks that’s the smart thing to do, except his hand reaches out anyway to stop Cas from ripping the packet open. “You’re not carrying anything, right?” he says, meaning something else he’s not quite able to ask for yet. Yes, he knows the value of safe sex, and yes, he’s used condoms for women and johns and the like. But he wants
Dean steps closer. The truth is that no, he didn’t. He didn’t want to question a good thing, in case it evaporated away through his fingers. “I didn’t want to look a gift horse in the mouth.”
Cas rolls his eyes but kisses the available skin of Dean’s elbow anyway. “We should get cleaned up.”
2) thank you very much for reading! hope you enjoyed. this turned out to be quite a cathartic piece about bisexuality, television, and the guilt of wanting something selfishly. make of that what you will and don't snitch on me to my therapist.
Later, when Cas is in bed playing Candy Crush, and Dean is brushing his teeth in the bathroom, his brain gets stuck on the thought. Not just Cas dressed up in the full cowboy regalia (which,
Cas lets out a guttural groan and does so, his hand and his cock jerking as his cum shoots from him in long stripes between them. Dean’s head goes perfectly blank at the sight and he’s coming too, all over them both, hand fast and pumping even through the aftershocks. When he’s finally depleted, he sinks, full body, onto Cas, and Cas’s arms come up around them to hold him close. Dean breathes damp and open-mouthed against Cas’s shoulder.
that you worry about me. But I’ll be fine. I hear your prayers, and so does Jack. Heaven is a very safe and wonderful place – we’re working hard to make it that way. I would like to ensure it is perfect for when you and Sam eventually arrive.”
The desire flicking through Dean gives him the confidence to let out a small laugh and he gyrates against Cas’s lap. Cas goes a little cross-eyed at the sensation. “Yeah, fuck. Yes,” says Dean, and he pulls his t-shirt over his head and flings it somewhere behind him.
Cas, on the couch, with his hand on the remote. Before him, the TV, with Dr Sexy proclaiming on the screen, “I’m bisexual.”
“We always thought you two had something going on,” shrugs Sam. “You look into each other’s eyes – like, a
Dean lets out a snarl. “For fuck’s sake, Cas, do you want me or not? Or should we just play celibate house forever? Either I’m giving you blue balls, or I was right about angel parts. I know you’ve got a cock!” He gestures meanly. “It seemed to be working just fine two minutes ago, or am I missing something? At least
He lets out a groan from the floor, his head sore from conking against the wood. Cas peers over the mattress, with a carefully neutral expression. “Dean?”
There’s an interview with the actor, where he says how pleased he is that the show is taking a pioneering new direction that feels right for the character. Dean watches the YouTube video with a thunderous gut and thinks back to when Cas accused him of having a crush on the guy. Oops?
the time. He remembers how nervous he was of telling her his secret, and how much it hurt when she didn’t believe him.
Dean raises his brows. “You really think you’re in a fit state to drive right now? Cas here is helping you out. It’s us, the police, or a reaper.”
“Nothing,” says Dean, waving his hand through the air oh-so-casually. “It’s all good. It’s a Sunday, can’t a man have a hangover in peace?”
Cas makes a small sound, and leans back just far enough to kiss Dean, cradling his jaw so softly. There isn’t heat to it, just comfort, just the strength of being held. “What do you want to do to celebrate?”
He’s lost in the hum of Cas’s approving kisses, soft and welcoming, and so he reacts too late when the towel slips and slides. Cool air breezes against his exposed dick. He stills, and so Cas does too, and Dean scrambles back, and then he falls off the fucking bed.
Dean ignores the questioning look Sam sends his way, and just jerks his chin into a nod, and says, “Good.”
!” Dean spins, slapping a palm against his chest to restart his shocked-out heart. He stares at Jack, standing there as if he’d been there the whole time, with that classic Jack smile. “Kid, you scared me.”
But Cas must understand – Cas always gets it – because his eyes soften into something liquid and potent, and he kisses Dean so sweetly. “Me too,” he says, and then he bottoms out, and Dean sees stars.
They manage to clear themselves up, though Cas’s shirt is done for, and Dean eventually gets enough control of his limbs to start the car back up.
They fortify the existing house, despite an hour’s argument where they debate just demolishing the whole thing and starting from scratch. (Neither of them is on a particular side, and indeed switch opinions multiple time over the hour. That’s not the point.) Eventually, they agree that there’s enough there to save, and both of them like the original hardwood floors enough to keep them.
Dean sucks on his gums, bobbing his head in a thought-filled nod, as he considers. “Yeah,” he says. “Fuck. Yeah, I want you to stay, Cas. That’s all I’ve ever wanted.”
Cas doesn’t say anything to that – but his thumb taps an uneasy beat against the flask in his hands.
They sit in silence for a bit, until Sam says, “You know, I get a bit overprotective of Eileen, too. I think – because of how we grew up – when we find some stability, we tend to fight tooth and nail for it. Winchester loyalty, I guess.”
Cas quirks a smile. “For one thing, neither of our noses are bleeding, and no one brought an angel blade out. That’s very mild by our standards.”
It’s like watching a horror movie. Like watching a character do something so stupid and reckless that you’re shouting at the screen. Like watching an episode on TV for the second time, when you’ve already watched it once and you know the main character dies. Like someone spoiled the ending but you bought the VHS with your hard-earned money and you’re gonna watch it anyway.
Cas takes a moment to respond, and when he does, his voice sounds ever so slightly strangled. “Please don’t take this the wrong way. But there has never been a time I have known you when you don’t, ah, ‘have issues.’”
So, Dean has to explain everything, as gently as he can, and pretend that cats can’t cry; the sheen on Cas’s blue eyes is just the light reflecting.
“And you came here hoping I would?” Dean throws the plastic bag of clanking bottles into the garbage – at least one smashes within from the impact, but he can’t bring himself to give a shit.
There is no way that’s a coincidence – other hunters, then. Dean keeps his expression and confidence smooth and leans on the desk with his forearm. “The bureau never tells us anything. They swung by earlier, then?”
Dean’s face is burning. He hopes the lights are dim enough to hide that. “Cas wasn’t a US citizen, alright?” He gestures with his beer bottle. “Now he is.”
Then Cassie lets out a delighted laugh, and she holds out her fist for Cas. After a moment, he bumps his own against it. Cassie turns to where Dean and Meera stand, and victoriously crows, “Go Cass team!”
The days pass, mostly in a haze of alcohol, television, and ignoring his phone. The only thing he gets up to do is walk Miracle and tend to Cas’s garden, like it even fucking matters.
“I like being a man who loves a man.” Now, finally, Cas looks up and grabs his gaze. “I don’t know – perhaps it would have been different if one of us was not a man.”
and he loved him, and it wasn’t enough. It’s not a lie, not really, but he knows Cas misunderstands, and Dean is a coward. Dean will take the excuse, especially if it means Cas will hold him and guide him into the truck’s driver’s seat and nestle in beside him. He commands Dean to stay there while he gets something else from the house.
to hold a gun to his head, to react with distrust and violence in the way he did. He starts texting Cassie, and somehow ends up on a text thread with her, Meera, Sam, and Donna for some reason, and starts developing fucking ‘in-jokes’ and carefully selected gifs.
He whirls around. “Are they okay?” he demands. Cas stands from the dining table too, and Dean can practically see his wings fluffing up, ready to take flight.
There is a beat of stunned silence. And then everyone around the table starts hooting with laughter. Dean lets out a groan and puts his head into his hands.
“Dean,” Cas says, as well, and Sam jumps near a foot in the air. He grabs a shotgun from Eileen and levels it at Dean’s chest, at the bundled-up towels in his chest.
“But nothing about our relationship has changed. Dean is telling the truth - he offered to marry me to protect my citizenship here.” Cas takes a moment, and frowns at the wooden carving on the table. “I only- I meant to mark the occasion. Not to create an argument.”
, Dean lets Victor show him how to download the dating app onto his phone and set up a profile, gently ribbing him about his stupid answers to even stupider questions.
Doing what he does best, Dean shuts the door on the lightning rods. He locks them away. He reaches over to twist Cas’s gaze back on him with a cupped jaw and gentle tug. “Well,” says Dean, grinning. “Maybe if
She shrugs. “Depends on who you ask. Certainly, I’m in the minority of your friendship group – though I suspect some are just quiet about it – but if we went to Pride, I’d have plenty of siblings.” She frowns. “I really can’t believe you were unaware. Darling, you’re married to a man.”
we do that over and over again, because it’s the same reason you did it!” Dean replies, hotly. “It’s – it’s worse to be the one left behind. You know it is. I know I started it – I made that demon deal, fucking thirteen years ago. And then you – from the moment you laid a hand – that’s how it all started. My sacrifice was selfish then, and it’s selfish now, and we’re not doing it anymore! No-one’s being left behind, because no-one is leaving, and that’s
Eileen lets out a little shriek and claps a hand over her heart. She then signs very quickly, and then flinches even though no one says anything. At Dean’s confused expression, she says, “I
Dick reels back, and Dean doesn’t stop, He grabs onto Dick’s collar to keep his aim steady, and keeps hitting, like his dad taught him, fast and angry and unrelenting. He punches until he hears the crack of bone, and Dick is wailing. He drops him, then, on the floor, and shakes out his hand. He thinks he broke a knuckle and there’s blood-spattered across his wedding ring.
He doesn’t know how long he’s got left of it, really. Before Cas wises up to Dean’s bullshit – before Heaven has a new crisis, or even just becomes too interesting to leave behind. He shouldn’t be messing it up like this. That was the whole point; he was supposed to prove to Cas that he could love him the right way. That he was worth keeping around and sticking by.
it. Who I can struggle with, rather than hide it from, like I hid it from Jess and Amelia.” Sam shakes his head. “I don’t know why I’m bringing this up. I just want to say, I don’t know. I think you and Cas really care for each other. And you’ve both been
“Well,” says Sam, in that stupid tone of voice he’s had since he was seven years old, where he thinks he’s being delicate with his tone, but you can tell it’s said through gritted teeth anyway. “Maybe, actually, it’s you and Cas who should step off. It’s been a while for you guys, and I know neither of you actually want to get back into hunting.”
That’s all that matters. That’s worth it all. Everything they’ve been through to get here, and all of Dean’s internal flummoxing. He can put aside his angst for the sake of this. He can.
Cassie and Cas share a look – which, un-fucking-acceptable, no, nope, do not pass go – and Cassie says, “We’re staying at a motel nearby. We can share with you guys what we’ve learned so far. Maybe you can prove what a ‘delight’ you are to work with there, Dean.”
One week, Sam gets a phone call before dinner and goes into the hallway to answer it. Dean watches him go, and then levels a questioning frown at Eileen. She shrugs, and signs back,
He breathes hot against Cas’s ear and grins at the full-body shiver it elicits under his hands, and he says, “You should fuck me, darling,
(On occasion, he catches himself staring at the space between the nape of Cas’s neck - where the hair is soft and curled and pointed down - and his own hand. But only on occasion.)
“This one does, apparently,” says Cas, before stalking out of the room and down the hall. Dean watches the door shut behind him and drops his head into his hands. Fuck. He considers his first instinct, which is to storm to the bathroom and knock on the door until Cas lets him in. He’ll do it, he’ll have an argument while the other person is pissing – hell, he used to do it with Sam all the time, it’s a boundary already way crossed.
Then his pillow moves with snuffled snore, and it all comes rushing back. Dean pushes himself up to find his arm wrapped over Cas’s chest, his head resting on the angels’ collarbone. Cas, true to his word last night, is asleep, lips open and inviting.
forgets to put the netting down, then the birds still will be too scared to return your plants.” Dean brandishes his arms wide.
Dean fights to make sure his expression doesn’t give away the fast beat of his heart. His smile could be painted on. “Cas. Seriously. I drive her. I’ve just had the truck too. You’re being paranoid.”
He panics and clicks on the first free video he can find. No way in hell is this going on his internet history, never mind his credit card.
“Fuck,” Dean curses, looking at all that skin, coiled strength, soft flesh and dappled hair and the occasional mole. His hands rise of their own accord to slide along Cas’s waist, looking up at him. Cas twists his hand in Dean’s hair to tilt him back further. He leans down, and kisses Dean with plush, firm lips.
“I know,” says Dean, because he does. “But still. You – you probably saved my whole life, Jack. You have made me
Back at the apartment, Dean shuffles Cas straight to his bed, and brings in a tray of ice-cold water, room temperature water, and chamomile tea. “You need to hydrate,” he defends, when Cas raises an eyebrow at the selection.
Dean has met plenty of sex workers in his life. He’s always enjoyed strippers, both their no-bullshit-meter and the beauty of them, no shame in admitting that. He’s run into hookers working the night shift and next door to his motel rooms. He thinks it’s often a damn fine profession, especially having survived as a career since Babylon. The oldest and the simplest profession, and all that.
He pushes forward, gets Cas’s earlobe between his teeth, and then breathes against it, “Come on, Castiel. Show me what you want. Tell me all the ways you’ve wanted me. ‘Cause you’re going to get them. Because I want them too.”
“Ah. Um, yeah.” Dean taps his fingers on the table. He should’ve brought beers for this conversation. “Do you want a beer?” Maybe whiskey, actually. (It’s barely midday.)
“It’s still missing something,” says Dean, patting a finger on his chin as he analyses what they’ve built so far.
Dean’s nodding before he knows it, before he knows what he’s agreeing to. Everything is just hazy lust and fast blood coursing through his body aiming south. “Please,” he pants, and Cas rewards him by sucking a filthy mark on his collar, just enough to sting. Dean goes on the ball of his feet to push into the suction, whining pathetically between his teeth. He’s never been this turned on before in his
“Because when you want something, you tend to fight tooth and nail for it.” Cas smiles. “You’re stubborn, remember?”
for him, wraps his arms around him and squeezes him tight. Dean is helpless but to worm into him, press himself all up against him. “You are,” Cas murmurs against his cheek. “Well done, Dean. I’m very proud of you.”
“I always thought you’d be more awkward about this,” Dean confesses, pulled out of him by the dress press of lips against his fingers.
“No,” says Cas, simply. He says, to Claire, “Did I tell you you’re getting a raise? We had good earnings last quarter, so your base pay is going up by a few dollars.”
Then Ryan lets go of the cock and says, “I’m still not gay, okay? Your cock is good, but this doesn’t count.”
“Warming up to it,” says Benny. “The lunchtime rush will be the busiest. You up for bagging some mackerel?”
Cas says, out loud for everyone’s sake, “I’m sorry if you found it invasive. I don’t have arms to sign right now, and I think even your ability to lip-read would struggle with this form’s mouth.”
“I’m going to go by the nursery today, actually,” says Cas to Eileen. “If you would like to pick out a friend for the kentia.”
But then again. Dean takes hold of his hand and brings him back to bed. Then again, they really have.
Cas looks like he doesn’t know whether to smile or not – his eyes betray him, though, and he goes in for another kiss.
Benny looks off into the horizon, and says, as sly as anything, “Those few inches important in a husband? I’m just wondering.”
(Or, when Dean asks, settled on top of Cas and licking a path to his ear, whispers against his lobe, “Did you love me when I was a demon? Did you want to fuck me with black eyes?” And Cas shudders a guilty gasp underneath him.)
He takes a deep breath, just letting himself enjoy this. Enjoy the night. Then, on his exhale, he hears it.
“Dean,” Cas breathes, groans, and his hand curls. His thumb swipes across Dean’s slit and Dean’s whole body shudders from the sensation. “You have no idea – you
He feels the fight leave him. There’s no apocalypse to stop, now. No Chuck pulling the strings, or demons and angels messing with their destinies. It’s just them. And isn’t the fight supposed to be over, now?
Dean lets out a sigh. “I didn’t plan for that, really. And I still have a probationary period. I could still fuck it all up.”
Cassie snaps back, unafraid to get right in his face and jab a finger against his sternum, “No, asshole, we manage to communicate with each other. It’s really quite simple. But thanks for the misogyny, that’s great. Real classy.”
“I’ve been doing some reading,” he announces as if she hadn’t spoken. ‘Reading’, of course, being a catch-all for being lost in his own thoughts on the drive home from the party, spending all night on his laptop, and getting up early to race to the library with a print-out of recommended titles. “And I think – I mean I
“Dude.” The kid cuts across him. “I seriously don’t know what your deal is but leave me alone. I don’t need your fucking help.”
“I don’t need instructions,” replies Dean, picking up what seems to be a plank of wood. “I have an affinity for this.”
It’s about the first night they sleep in their own finished bedroom, and they’re both too overwhelmed by the realisation to do anything but hold each other through the night.
Dean nods. “Yeah. I can be honest. Even about the ugly parts.” Even, he adds silently in his head, about the totally humiliating parts.
He can’t take Baby out for a spin. He can’t go to a bar and fuck the nearest, hottest, available woman. He can’t even go get a drink because Cas keeps going on at him about cutting down his alcohol intake. He’s stuck out here in the life he and Cas have committed to.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean shrugs off his jacket, slinging it over one of the dining room chairs they never sit at. “What did you get up to, then?”
It takes Dean a moment, and then he visibly recoils. “What? No!” He shakes his head. “No, there’s nothing – what the fuck, Sam?”
Dean should go back inside. It’s none of his business, and he really, truly, does not care who is getting their dick sucked in a truck stop. But his surprise cost him a precious second, and he already let go of the door, and it swings back shut behind him with a jarring and
Dean’s mind is slowly melting through his ears, and he’s close, been close for a while, but Cas won’t speed up into anything urgent. Dean is horrified to discover he’s
“You’re calling me a liar? You’re listening to my pulse – you been reading my mind too?” Dean barks out a mean laugh. On the offensive now, lashing out and hot to the touch. “Right. Because
“I’m sorry,” Dean forces out. He throws the gloves back onto the nearest counter space, and his hands hang uselessly by his side. “I get that it wasn’t-”
He quickly discovers that Dr Sexy is apparently not on tonight to make room for the final of this stupid pop competition. For fuck’s sake. It irritates Dean more than it should, and his head flops backward on the couch with his laptop still open on his lap. Cas is still away in Heaven and will be for the next hour. He doesn’t want to start a movie, because Cas will come in halfway through and demand Dean explain what he’s missed. He’s too comfortable to move, too lazy to read, and he already ate dinner.
Cas is here. Cas is alive. Maybe it’s not in the form either of them were hoping for, but that’s enough. That’s enough to celebrate, right? But he
The thing is – the thing is. They’re kind of – they’re not really – well, okay, they still haven’t actually had sex. Or, really, anything that close to it, not since Cas jerked Dean off so thoroughly and fast that he considered converting to a religion called Cas’s Big Sexy Hands. They’ve kissed, and made out, and sometimes there’s a lot of writhing full-bodily against each other. It’s easy when Dean can kiss Cas, and be kissed by him, and lose himself in the lust. They sleep in the same bed together, and spoon and hug, and they see glimpses of each other naked. Like, Dean has seen Cas
Cas doesn’t taste of cinnamon, or mint, or blood, or strangers’ bitter come. He tastes of the beer they’ve been drinking all night, and underneath that, just
“Uh,” says Dean, and he holds open the bag for Benny to see inside and smell the aromas. “Apology tea.”
It makes him feel pretty fucking stupid, in retrospect, and that there’s someone he really needs to apologise to.
It’s in the far back of the establishment, down a couple of corridors, and that’s his excuse for how it gets turned around on the way back. Or maybe he subconsciously wanted some fresh air – admittedly, considering his experience, it’s unusual for him to lose his bearings. Either way, he stumbles out into the back alley, into the cool night air.
At least, someone who looks like Dr Sexy. Dean rolls his eyes and tells his heartrate to calm down– they’ve done the evil twin storyline before, but maybe this is a doppelganger, or some mind control or something. Regardless, he can’t help the shot of weird adrenaline in his stomach, like he wants to jump up and shake it out. He watches the flashback again, that little snippet, rewinding once and then letting it play out again.
“You wanna talk about it?” Dean asks, after a few more moments of silence. Cas shakes his head, face still hidden into the pillow as if attempting self-smothering. Dean continues, “Sometimes it helps, I’ve heard.”
She shows him around the garage, gives him the chance to get stuck into an engine and show her what he’s got. He gets oil up to his elbows and nearly pulls his shoulder out, but half an hour later it’s purring again. She gives him a rag to wash up on, and says, “You start on Monday, two months’ probation. And just to make it clear – we don’t overcharge our customers here. It’s a small community, and word of mouth travels fast. And you have to come for drinks with on Friday in a few weeks to celebrate your first month – bring your girlfriend if you have one.”
He wipes the moisture from his palms, flat along his thighs. He lets out a shake breath and leans back to sit on his heels.
Cas doesn’t say anything for a moment, facing the windscreen and the night. Then he says, “I think I will meet you back at the house.”
Meera grabs his attention away from the two of them speaking quietly enough to send Dean’s paranoia blaring and says, “You’re not half-bad, you know. Definitely not the worst of Cassie’s exes I’ve met.”
Cas’s thumb begins stroking the thin skin of Dean’s knuckles, where the scars there are shining and guilty.
The drive is easy for the morning and into the afternoon – it’s a twenty-hour drive to Norfolk, Virginia, and Dean figures they can stop over in a motel in Louisville or Lexington depending on how exhausted they are. Cas, for Dean’s sins, found a Buzzfeed article about two hours into the drive that apparently proved that actually, the best car DJ for road trips is the passenger, as, “Moods can change, and the non-driver is the best equipped to change songs or queue new songs depending on factors like weather, arguments, and lighting.”
Dean wakes in the morning on his front, with his pillow harder than he’s used to, drool sticking between it and the corner of his lip. There’s the trickle of a dream fizzling from out his ears, something about love and loss and darkness.
“If it’s a clear case, I deal with it myself,” Cassie answer, tone hard and unyielding. “Or, usually with Meera. If it looks more complicated, then I call in some of our other contacts. There’s a hub of hunters across the country who are usually open to helping us.”
“That’s not what I mean,” says Dean. His hands rise and then flop back down. “I don’t mean that you complete me. I’m a whole person, or whatever. But you complete my life. Does that make sense?”
, as he asked whether he had anyone to go home to. Like he hadn’t just come in a sixteen-year-old’s mouth. Dean had spat at him for his hypocrisy, semen and saliva mixed together, and earned a black eye to really hammer home the point.
. “Look. I didn’t – I couldn’t accept that I wanted it – you – too. The only way it made sense in my head was if – if it was
“Those dogs are trying their best - it’s commendable. And their vests are always too big for them.” Cas’s eyes narrow. “You said you wouldn’t bring that up again.”
“Probably. You were fourteen. Acne all over your face and fucking annoying,” Sam grins into his beer as Dean puts up the obligatory, ‘hey!’ defence. “But whatever, Dad said yes to the idea but then never delivered.”
They end up sitting in the garden for a while, on a patch of dirt Cas is yet to utilise. (Dean resolves to add ‘bench-building’ to his project list.) The sun starts to set, and Cas leans his head on Dean’s shoulder.
Whatever he sees in Dean’s posture must mean something to him, because he props himself up on one elbow to squint at Dean. The sheet falls away from his bare chest. “Wait,” he says, voice rough from sleep. “Are you actually?”
Cas smiles, a crinkly one that stretches his lips wide. “Good. I like your body too. A great deal, in fact.” He pulls up their hands and kisses Dean’s knuckles.
He thinks about saying something trite, something like a warning to make sure she watches out for Cassie. But he saw the way Cassie handled that brass weapon earlier today, and he thinks he’d just end up offending them both. Instead, he says, “You two be good to each other. And hey, if you ever swing through Kansas, come say hi. I’m sure Sammy will give you the directions.”
“I’m going to go find Sam!” proclaims Jack, before zipping out of nearby existence and presumably giving Dean’s brother a similar heart attack. Whatever, he’s healthier, he can handle it.
“What do you know?” asks Dean, but it’s without any real bite to it. He sounds tired even to himself.
He sleeps on the sofa most nights because he can’t bear to be alone on their bedroom, and it doesn’t seem fair to muss up Jack’s or the guest bedroom. (He wonders, when he’s feeling particularly low, whether Cas got full custody of Jack in the split. It makes sense, he doesn’t begrudge him that – but still, he might like weekends, or maybe a couple of days a month. Maybe every other national holiday.)
Dean reaches into his back pocket and pulls out his card. He pulls out all the cash in there, which isn’t enough – it’s never going to be enough. He steps forward and passes it, jerking movements. The kid stares at the money, and then looks up at Dean. He asks, “What do you want? I don’t take it unless we have a deal.”
Dean shakes his head as she leaves. It takes him a moment after she’s gone to realise Cas hasn’t moved from the inch behind him, and that wild energy rises back up.
He’s filled with light and relief, and he flops down on the ground, right on the dirt, and pulls Cas down with him. Cas, for all his flaws, goes down with him without protest. “You know,” Dean says, looking up at the endless sky. “I’m pretty happy too.”
Cas tilts his head, and Dean could start crying again for how much it proves, unequivocally, that this is
“Okay, let’s not scare off the new guy with all your crazy ex stories,” Patricia commands, cutting off José from detailing exactly how he and his interior designer girlfriend made up again. She points the neck of her beer bottle towards Cas. “So, Castiel, right? What do you do?”
Dean’s hands go roaming, one staying curling in the softness of Cas’s hair whilst the other trails down Cas’s front. An errant thought flutters into Dean’s mind, a freak-out waiting for attention and tapping on his brain like, ‘we gonna talk about this, bud?’ but it disappears in the slick slide of Cas’s lips.
. He’s pretty sure that abandoning him counts as failing that instruction, and it’s only the excitement of buying a ratty thrifted sofa to curl up with Cas on that’s propelled him this far. Like he was sailing on stupid picket-fence dreams without realising he was still tied to the dock.
“Is this because of Cassie?” Cas cuts across him. “It seems – you just saw that Meera and her are lovers. Are you proving something?”
. His arms are big, and swing with his gait. His shorts are clinging to his thighs and around his- and- Dean takes a swig of his beer, forgets its warmth and chokes a little on it. By the time he’s recovered, Cas is sitting beside him, and Dean stares at the horizon to try and calm down.
He should be offended – and sure, there’s a spinning wheel of angst in his brain, stuck on a cog of rejection – but he is very aware that choosing this particular issue to lose his rag over would make him look crazy. He can’t imagine sleeping on the couch for
Jack explains what he and Cas have been doing up top. “We’ve been working with Rowena to keep an even number of demons and angels to keep balance. Heaven and Hell still exist, and Purgatory exists in between. But now, instead of deals or prophecies, souls are relegated by their intention.”
Dean reaches blindly for his hand and grips it close. “Hey,” he says. “We’re starting now. Do you – do you identify with- uh. Cas, honey, I read a lot of articles last night and I don’t know-”
Cas just smiles gently at him. “You did very well, defeating Chuck. Have you and Sam been enjoying your life without him?”
“I know!” Cas shouts back. Then he stops, and they’re both there, breathing heavily, turned to each other, vicious and sharp. Cas licks his lips, and then says, quieter, “I know.”
Dean, in the space of the following weeks, comes out to most people he knows, and then hopes they’ll spread it out amongst themselves to anyone he forgets.
He decides to make a treat out of it. He cooks a full meal for himself, nachos with all the toppings, and cracks open a slightly nicer brand of beer than he’s been having over the past week. He brushes crumbs from the sofa and gets into a fresh pair of sweatpants and novelty socks. He props his feet up on the coffee table (that Cas picked out, and made Dean carry home because he said he liked him sweaty and panting) and lets Miracle settle onto his lap.
Dean doesn’t need to clarify what ‘it’ is. He’s seen bits and pieces from the windows, and when he drives out to pick up groceries or supplies or whatever. He smiles. “Of course.”
The big guy slips on a condom, and then smacks Ryan’s ass, and then just – pushes in. Ryan lets out a gasp, not quite pained and not quite pleasure, and moans, “You’re so
“Hey, Dean?” Sam says, in a voice that maybe suggests it’s not the first time. He clicks his fingers, and Dean snaps back to the paper. His ears feel hot.
He continues to live. He owes Cas that, at least. He eats food that tastes of nothing, and he goes to sleep with the help of medicinal scotch, and he answers his brother’s attempts at conversation.
But with Chuck’s disappearance, most of the worst creatures have gone to ground. Demons and angels and rogue in between ones are locked away or being dealt with by Sam’s growing community of hunters.
They walk to Dean’s room like a dream – in that it seems to go on forever and no time at all – and then Dean leads them in. He kind of wishes he’d had the foresight to change his sheets that morning, but he hopes Cas will forgive him for not expecting his impossible resurrection on a Tuesday afternoon.
, he goes down the basement and holds the piece of paper that proves Cas is here to stay. But only sometimes.)
Charlie asks when the Lake Champlain monster was first sighted, and Dean says “1609,” in a tight voice. Sam writes it down and doesn’t say anything else as Cas returns to their part of the bar.
She rolls her eyes. “Dear, don’t be obnoxious. It makes you look far less pretty. I’m bi.” At his blank look, she clarifies, “Bisexual.”
Dean used to wonder that too. Anna is the obvious comparison that neither of them dare mention out loud. Dean remembers how it felt when she placed her hand against Cas’s burning claim on him – wonders how it would have felt if the handprint fitted perfectly.
he’s being weird, but then realises it’s more of a general question. “Yeah, I’m good,” says Dean, almost believably. “I just wanted to stay dry for a little longer.”
Somehow, despite Dean’s protest, the party Sam and Eileen host two weeks later gets named as the ‘Dean-Cas Belated Wedding Reception’.
“Ah, Cas-” But he starts walking round the back of the house before Dean can catch him. Dean wipes a hand across his jaw before walking after him, shoulders hanging in resignation.
Later, as they return to the apartment (they came in third place, and Sam was right about the Bigfoot question so Dean’s feeling more irritated than he’d like to admit), Dean asks, “Did you get her number?”
She looks up, dark curls pulled out of her face by neat clips, big brown eyes startled, and full lips open in surprise. It’s her. Fuck his entire life, it’s really her.
“Whatever,” says Dean. “I’m pretty sure I’ve said worse to you, so I’ve probably forfeited my rainbow pass myself.”
But it goes well. Customers are willing to give the new guy a bit of leeway, and he manages to earn even the sceptics’ trust by just showing them what he’s done and talking them through it.
With Cas’s throat still bared, he works his way down his neck with biting kisses, bringing blood to the surface. God, he wants to wreck him, he wants to mess him all up and keep him that way. With his weight still held up with his legs and the hand he has against the window, behind Cas’s head, he uses his other hand to make its way down Cas’s arm. He grabs onto Cas’s hand and loops his fingers past Cas’s knuckles to control it. He pulls Cas’s hand that way and rests their slotted together palms along Cas’s thighs to his groin, to the tightened fabric over the bulge awaiting there.
“Come on, sweetheart,” Dean pants into Cas’s neck. “Come now for me, and next time you can come on my freckles anywhere you want, I promise.”
- I thought what I felt – still feel – was impossible.” He presses his lips together and tries to get better at it: “I thought I couldn’t love you the way I do. And I do.”
They announce their vow renewals for early next year – their friends’ reactions range from delighted (Eileen) to confused (Benny) to a little aggravated (Sam, who asks why Dean feels the need to have three more weddings than most people).
Groaning, Cas slumps back into the sofa and hides his eyes in one hand. “You’re clearly very attracted to the titular character. I don’t like you being attracted to anyone but me. It’s not an emotion I’m proud of, believe me.”
The couch is empty, and he’s starting to panic, worrying if Cas went wandering with his newfound freedom, and whether he collapsed from an undiagnosed brain bleed, when the bedroom door opens. Cas comes wandering through, wearing pyjama bottoms and a concert t-shirt Dean recognises as his own.
Dean swallows. “Right. Well, the first anniversary is paper.” He points to the wad of printer paper, promising great ink and photocopy results. “And the second anniversary is cotton.” There’s a cheap t-shirt that reads the logo of the gas station, in a size too small to fit either of them.
at the state of the room, bottles and dirty sheets and a weird smell that Dean doesn’t want to claim as his own. Dean changes the sheets, and kicks most of the bottles out of the way, and in return, Cas doesn’t ask about it. (He probably doesn’t need to ask, anyway, because it’s a pretty clear picture that Dean’s grief has painted.)
Cas steps close, right up into his space so he has to tilt just a little to keep eye contact. “I do. Even when you snore through
On the jukebox, someone has paid for the fourth Creedence Clearwater Revival song, and Dean is happy.
Dean knows that Cas enjoys the simple things in life, and the routine of them. He likes watering their many plants, rather than installing those automatic bulb things Dean once bought as a gift. He likes putting the dishes away one by one, and focusing on the pull of a pint glass, and counting the ice cubes to put in a whiskey soda.
, and pulls the truck over on an empty layby on an emptier country road. He slaps the dash and urges Jack out. "Come on, come outside. You need the room anyway." As Jack clambers out of his side, Dean leans back in to switch over the cassette to - yes, there we go,
That’s not fair either. None of this is – Dean is screaming from the cage of his own fucking head. He could blame it on the day – on seeing Cassie, on getting back into hunting, on being in the ugliest motel room he’s ever been in – but it’s just him. It’s Dean Winchester, taking a flamethrower to everything and everyone in his life. It was always a matter of time, from the goddamn second he thought he could be happy, it was always going to blow up in his face.
“Oh my god,” Dean says. His gun clatters to the floor as his hands go limp. “Oh my god.” He knows that voice. He knows that grumpiness. “
Cas licks his lips, and shuffles closer again. He pillows a hand underneath his head as he says, “You’ve pushed me away as often as I’ve left, Dean.”
And Cas is smiling back. She tugs at the sleeve of his navy henley, and Cas doesn’t flinch back. He keeps his arm right where it is, and lets out one of his stupid dork snorts at something she says.
“Is this about the rings?” Dean’s sentence dies in his throat. Cas looks at his hand and continues. “I like them. I think you chose a beautiful design for both of us. And I noticed you’re wearing your own.”
“You could have done a little more than throw a blanket over it and write on a post-it note, ‘Don’t look!’”
His laptop is still open, and he quickly types in an old favourite porn site, one he hasn’t touched in a couple years (having an omnipotent God watching and controlling your every move tends to put a downer on masturbation – who’d have thought?).
“But,” Dean gasps in between more of those deep and hot kisses. “Be gentle with me?” And he’s only half-joking.
Dean narrows his eyes at him, but if Sam has an ulterior motive, he keeps it hidden well. Probably trying to trick Dean, like a new scene will make him forget his lines. Joke’s on him. “Fine,” says Dean. “Hang on, though, let me go put on some pants.”
“Well,” says Dean, gruff and awkward. He’s trying not to be his father, but old habits die hard. If you learn words through gritted teeth, then that’s just how you pronounce them. “I should have said it earlier. Now, come on, I know your dad will want to see you.”
Cas stares at him and then looks back at the coffee table. He wanders over and puts down the plant with his sad friends. He reaches for the t-shirt. He finds the tag, letting it rest on two fingertips. “We used to sell these-”
She lets out a sigh when it becomes clear that they are not interested in either paying her or arresting her. “Look,” she says. “I know Michaela used to go over to the dentists’ a few times. He was a good tipper and vanilla, apparently. But I don’t know anyone who went to see the janitor. There are only a few girls working this area, and we know everyone’s customers. Really, he wasn’t one of them.”
Sam coughs from the doorway, and Dean wrenches away. “It’s not what it looks like,” he says, before he remembers that Sam already knows Cas and he are together.
Dean winces. She at least looks a little apologetic for that particular dig, but he guesses he can’t blame her. He lets loose a gust of air, and says, probably way too late, “Uh, Cassie, this is Castiel.”
Cas’s eyes go warm and liquid and Dean squirms under their gaze. Patricia saves him by laughing, a deep and gravelly chortle, and knocking her husband on the shoulder. “Reminds me of when we first started dating. Remember when you tried to hide your first anniversary gift?”
He lets out a sigh, and goes through the motions of showering, washing his hair and junk and pits, letting the cold water rush over him. He was hoping the morning would bring further clarity, but apparently, he's used up all his good luck for the year - maybe for the rest of the century. He finally switches off the water, pisses and brushes his teeth, and trots back towards the bedroom with his towel around his waist. He nudges the door open gently, pokes his head around. He swears he's trying to be quiet, but Cas still groans and rolls over, squinting at Dean with something like accusation in his eyes.
Cassie nods slowly, with that speculative eye on him, but luckily only says, “So if we find the nest, we find the rakshasa. You know how to kill one?”
?” Dean balks. “You’re the one- Are you-?” He lets out an irritated grumble and leans down to quickly press a kiss on the side of Cas’s forehead that isn’t swollen and sore. “I’m fine,” he says, in a measured tone. “You’re the one with the head injury. I’m getting the nurse.”
Jack shakes his head, and closes his eyes for a singular focused second, before they snap back open. “No worries, I just put new ones on. They’re
Dean comes, a whine behind his teeth and a splatter on the tile, his strokes pumping slower and slower until he’s totally spent. He breathes heavy as he watches the water wash away the evidence.
“My name is Agent Plant,” he has to speak fast before she decides to take the smart route and hang up the phone. “Your friend Katie gave me your number – I just want to ask you some questions about one of your recent clients. I swear there’s no judgement here about your profession.”
Hell, Dean would hunt down a boar to make homemade bacon if Jack wanted it – he brought Cas back, after all. Dean owes him his life, if that’s worth anything more, nevermind endless breakfast.
No. Nope. Hold Miracle closer and don’t – stop the scene before it gets there. Rewind, start from the beginning. When should he have grabbed onto Cas and not let the Empty take him? When should he have made his own deal to protect Jack and then Cas too? When should he have replied-
Dean is abruptly filled with the most awful affection for this kid. “Yeah,” he croaks out. “Yeah, me too, Jack.”
“There’s a few, but nothing we can’t handle,” Sam replies, pulling a plate towards himself. “Demons and angels seem to be sticking in their own realms.”
He adds a third finger, and that really does hurt. Like – look, he’s been tortured in Hell. He’s been beaten up by God, and werewolves, and ghouls. But this is a personal pain, inner and sharp, and the air whistles from his lips in one whoosh. For a second, he thinks he’s torn something, but the immediate twinge calms as he keeps his fingers still. He braces his other hand on the bathroom counter and starts moving his fingers in and out.
But now the idea is there, worming in Dean’s mind. Cas is – objectively – handsome. Big blue eyes and pillow lips and a square jaw softened by stubble. More important, however, is the fact that he’s also Dean’s best friend in the world.
Like his strings have been cut, Dean sinks back to the floor, legs akimbo and expression slack with shock.
Cas just waits him out, with that same sharp edge to his expression. Finally, he tilts his head, and says, “Fine. Prove it’s not a big deal.” He throws the keys back, arcs them low over Baby’s roof, and Dean catches them instinctively. “Drive us to the bar.”
It's on the tail-end of that thought that Dean realises he has morning wood pressed up insistently against Cas's thigh, and the tip of his dick is wet enough to stick his the cotton of his briefs to the slit.
That’s not really it. He got his GED, he’s pretty comfortable learning and studying when he needs to. But really, he wants to earn this. It’s part of his whole ‘living their real life’ thing he’s got going on. Sure, Charlie set them up with endless credit or whatever, but partly Dean feels kind of sad every time he thinks of her, and also – it makes it feel fake. Fake money, fake life. Like they’re just on a cover for a case, and it’s going to end as soon as they’ve ganked the monster. Dean does not like feeling like that.
Cas doesn’t answer, just circles back to Sam who’s already nodding and saying, “Yeah, so the answer is zero. Which means the next answer is thirteen, right?”
“Yeah,” says Dean, jumping on the excuse. “Yeah, I’m drunk, sweetheart. Ignore me, I’m not – I know I’m not making any sense.”
They stagger to the bedroom by muscle memory, occasionally crashing into the wall to kiss and touch and rut. Cas is breathing heavy and Dean isn’t much better, until finally Cas pushes at his shoulders and Dean falls back against the bed. He has a second to just look, pushing himself up on his elbows and staring up at Cas. For his part, Cas looks, just for a moment, lost, his gaze skittering over Dean like it doesn’t know where to land.
Dean’s hand reaches down and wraps around himself. He starts to jerk off in the warm shower, heart beating faster as he hides his face in the crook of his elbow. He thinks of Cas, and the sounds he’d make. Cas is already vocal, but not like women, not like the porn stars. Like
