“Tony,” Bucky answered, “that day on the helicarrier. You made him want to be better.”
Tony turned to Bucky. “And you, gorgeous? If Steve usually tops, I assume you prefer to bottom?”
“I understand that, Mr. Jacobson.” Steve said sincerely. “I promise I’ll get it.”
“Fuck, look at you.” Tony said above him. His voice was a deep growl. “That pretty pink mouth sucking at my fingers just like I told you to.” His other hand suddenly gripped Steve’s straining dick in a tight fist. Steve almost cried out but stopped himself just in time; however, he did moan around the fingers in his throat. “Good boy, listening so well and keeping your mouth closed.” Tony’s other hand was merciless as he pumped Steve. “You take orders so well, my little toy soldier.”
Bucky’s face was filled with relief as he crossed the room and slid his arms around Steve’s waist. The cool metal of his left hand was almost jarring to the still heated skin from his shower, but Steve didn’t flinch. He just closed his arms around Bucky and gently squeezed as he pressed a kiss to the side of his head.
about you, Mr. Stark.” Erskine told him bluntly, but not unkindly. “I do not know what because I am not trained or learned enough for that. I only know enough to inform me of my surroundings when I encounter the mystical, and I know that you are something other than normal.”
“Not before three fingers, sweetheart.” Tony chastised him. “You know the rules.”
At that moment Agent Carter burst in and asked, “What do you plan do? Walk to Austria?”
Tony saw Bucky go completely still out of the corner of his eye. Oh, so they were both worried, and Steve was the one who decided enough was enough, and it was time to call Tony out on his shit. Shocker.
That did it.
And as he said it, Tony knew it was true. Building the suit to fight terrorists? It wasn’t noble. It was preemptive defense. A way to get them before they got him. The arc reactor? It wasn’t about clean, sustainable energy for all. It was to keep his heart beating. It was a great source of power that he could use and not have to depend on an outside party for that power. Joining the team and inviting them to live in the tower? They were security guards. The most powerful beings in the world living onsite to help defend him.
Steve’s face was one of confusion as he looked down to Tony’s. “Are you alright, Tony?”
“Tony,” Erskine said in a lower voice as he waved at the guard to let them through. “I know you are nervous, but try to calm yourself.”
Edna was the owner’s wife who sometimes worked behind the counter. Tony would chatter at her until she’d roll her eyes, smile indulgently and grab him a piece of licorice from the jar next to the register. It wasn’t really free. Tony wouldn’t do that. She and her husband had five children to support, but the banter was fun.
Bucky huffed and moved to make the coffee in the contraption Tony had cobbled together on the bones of their old press, because of course Tony built himself a better coffee maker. Bucky looked back at Tony poking at a pancake and realized he had never seen Tony so happy and awake before his coffee in the morning.
Tony turned to him. “How many of those guys are going to be travelling and fighting alongside a very high-profile Captain America?”
“I’d accuse you of cheating, but it’s you, and I know better.” Tony looked at his hand. Dammit, Steve was going to win again. How was it that every time…
“Tony…” Bucky leaned in, his face nuzzled against Tony’s throat as he sighed.
“I’m fucking you with Bucky’s cock today, baby boy.” Tony scolded even as he began to move his hips faster, giving Steve what he wanted by making Bucky thrust just a little more into him. “You’ll have earn it and push your hips back against him.” He looked at Bucky. “Hold him tighter, sweetheart. Don’t let him move too far up; I want you to stay buried in him.”
He pulled back and turned his head to address the space above Steve’s shoulder. “Yep, I’m fine. So why don’t we call it a night now that the nightcaps have run out? It’s late, and we could all use a good night’s sleep.” He did his best to fake a yawn. “Sleepy, and hey, now that I’m on the mend I can move back to the couch so you can have your beds back.”
Steve blushed but managed to ask, “You used a lot of words last night to describe what we do. I want to make sure I know what they mean and how they relate to us.
Tony was getting desperate enough to outright beg. He needed more, more of everything. He could feel his own cock laying neglected on his stomach. The wet tip of it smearing along his abs each time his body was jostled by one of them. He craved to take a full breath, but at the same time, the denial of that satisfaction coupled with the feeling of choking only turned him on more.
Steve was panting as Tony finally pulled back and said, “If you were wondering, you taste just the same.”
In fact, he didn’t care about a lot of things anymore. Steve and Bucky were his only concern. Everyone else felt…distant? Removed? He didn’t really know how to describe it. Even the good friends he’d made in the past three years had somehow lost his consideration. He cared, but not as much as he should, as much as he once did. It felt like a piece of him had changed or…or died. It hadn’t been noticeable at first, but the feeling had grown over the past few weeks. Ever since he’d come home from the hospital, really.
Bucky chuckled then looked at Tony sheepishly. “I, yeah, I could do that.”
“No, it’s not the same and usually not as intense, but you can experience a form of drop after the pleasure of servicing Bucky. I just wanted to mention it just in case. I would rather over prepare you than under prepare.”
“Good,” Is all Tony said before moving back.  He lightly flicked the tip of his tongue back and forth across his perineum, slowly moving up while only playing along the outer rim. Bucky moaned as his hips shifted, desperately trying to get Tony to move to his center. Tony gave his ass a swat to keep him still. Bucky groaned but stopped his movements, giving Tony control.
Rogers had shown up at the tower not long after with Romanoff, Barnes and a handsome man with a charming gap-toothed smile in tow. Tony had
“Sometimes,” Bucky answered, “Sometimes I like that because I need to know that I’m Steve’s, that he wants me, and I’m good just doing what I’m told. With the dames I date, it’s very tiring to pretend, especially when I know Steve is waiting for it to be over.”
“You don’t know when to give up, do ya?” The guy asked.
“Arrogant to think you know better than I,” Schmidt called as the man behind him pulled a lever that began to make the walkway divide, trapping Steve and his partners. “I, who was Erskine’s greatest success! The master race begins with me, Captain, and I will lead this world to a glorious future.”
Tony started singing. It was a song he’d heard a lot on the radio these past few weeks. It had stuck in his mind to the point where he was often humming it or singing it to himself.
They stuck to the shadows along the wall until they came to a ladder. Steve went up first with Tony behind him. Tony could see hundreds of men in the cages below them. They were all separated into groups of five to eight. They looked tired and dirty.
Tony nodded, knowing this was probably difficult for Steve to articulate. “So your versatile with a bit of a service kink.” At Steve’s look of confusion, Tony tried to phrase this simplest way possible, “You get off by taking care of the other person, making them happy. It’s not so much what you are doing, but that you are doing it because they like it or want it. That actually works very well with me, and it’s good to have someone like that in a multi-partner dynamic.”
“I promise, Steve.” Tony assured the blonde. “You know I never lie when it comes to my promises.”
“He sure is,” Bucky agreed while Steve nodded. “Tony’s tops. Tonight was his idea, and he wouldn’t tell us where we were goin’.” He was looking around the little parlor with a wide eyed appreciation. “You have a beautiful place here, Mr. Martinelli.”
“You’re not alone,” Steve told him as he rubbed soothing circles on Bucky’s back. “I’ll always be here for you.” Steve kissed his temple once more before continuing, “Come on. We’ll go sit on the couch, and I’ll hold you all night if you want.”
Steve just kept staring, but Bucky whistled. “When you fix a problem, you don’t hold back, Tony.” He huffed as he ran a hand through his thick hair. “But I can’t say I’m not happy you did it. I don’t know what we’d have done if the police were involved. Those institutions…” He visibly shuddered.
“We’re soldiers,” Morita said, “That’s what we do.”
“You’re doing everything just like we asked.”
“You’re home!” He called as he hurried over to him with a big hug and kiss.
With that thought Steve pulled himself back to the present and decided it was past time for him to get up if he wanted to see Tony before he left for the day. He got dressed and went to find them sitting in the kitchen drinking coffee at the table. There were three plates of pancakes, but the other two seemed to have been waiting for him to arrive before they ate.
Steve blushed as he rubbed the back of his head in that cute way of his. “It was pretty fun. Especially when he halted everything to go backstage and have a drink.”
After they’d paid for as much of the meal that Francesco would allow and tipped Gianetta, they told their friends goodbye and headed home. When they finally returned to their apartment, they shed their clothes and spent the rest of the night passionately reminding each other of their love.
“So that’s why you’re here?” Howard nearly sneered, “To share your common sense with me? Well, I’ve got news for you, Anthony. That and our last name will be the only thing we’ll share. You are merely a consultant and will never get credit for Project Rebirth. So go ahead and give me all the common advice you want.”
“I could suck you off,” Bucky offered, a little lost. “I’m good at that. You could fuck me, too, if that’s what you wanted.”
Tony looked back to Steve. “Tops are dominant, and sometimes the quietest, shiest people can be tops because again, there is a freedom in the role, and sex does not define who you are as a person. During sex, chemicals are released in our brains and bodies, especially if you are engaging in a dominant or submissive scene.”
The men, Steve wanted to think of them as new friends, all nodded and went to relay his orders. As Steve turned, he caught Bucky smiling thoughtfully.
Bucky could tell by Steve’s polite conversation with her that he’d been aware of her interest. Bucky knew Tony could also see it, and his partner hadn’t looked impressed when she’d hinted at wanting to dance. Bucky had smiled and offered to dance with her to break the tension, but she’d politely brushed him off. It hadn’t bothered him because he’d rather save his dances for Tony. Then, Bucky wondered if Steve might be better at dancing now that his coordination seemed to have improved. Maybe they could find out before they went back to the war. The hotel room was huge compared to their old apartment and should have enough space for them.
, Steve thought. He’d long given up on being able to talk about his concerns with someone else, to be able to voice his fears and his failures. Sam would probably tell him that wasn’t healthy, and that everyone needed someone to talk to. Here was Bucky asking Steve to let him in, let him help. Would Steve ignore his request because he’d grown so used to handling everything himself?
Steve continued, “War was declared, and Tony more or less broke down over the strain of knowing what was going to happen and not being able to do anything about it.” Steve’s voice cracked. “He was so worried, in so much pain.”
Morita just about choked. “Yeah, sorry but there’s no way we’re holding the money for that kind of lodging. Most of our service pay goes home to our families. We keep what we need to get by, and we could be here for a while. We’ll end up back on the base once our money runs out.”
He’d then spent seven of those dollars on some second hand period appropriate clothes in the store, but he was still going back to the apartment with a respectable thirty-eight dollars. Not too shabby considering he didn’t have a penny to his name when he’d woken up that morning.
“Probably so, unfortunately,” Tony answered as he looked to Bucky and saw that his face matched Steve’s in disappointment. It really helped to put his priorities in line and remind him that he was still being an idiot.
Tony shrugged, willing his mask to stay in place and regretting his curiosity to meet the famous scientist. “Dark hair and dark eyes, you could say the same for a lot of people.”
Things had been moving along with how busy Tony was lately. The truce between Howard and him had been going well enough. They still had their moments of tension over various differences of opinion, but they hadn’t devolved into shouting and cursing at each other since that memorable argument. They were getting a lot accomplished in the lab together, and sometimes Tony had to step back and wrap his head around the fact that he was collaborating with his father over a project.
They both looked like he’d grown a second head.
like I was somethin’ special, when it was him that made me special.”
“Ten of him,” Tony finished. “I meant it. You two are the best people I’ve ever met.” He took a breath and finished with the truth. “I’ll kill that fucker if he touches you again, Steve. I don’t think I’d be able to stop myself. My old man used to do that shit when he was drunk and angry. When I think of someone beating on you, hurting you and saying those things, all I can think about is making sure it never happens again.”
Natasha’s head tilted in thought. “At least he’s trying to be smart about it. I can’t really remember what Sutton looks like besides a dark clad figure. JARVIS, display an image of the Howling Commandos, and if available, one that includes Anthony Sutton.”
Steve winced. “Well, not officially. I’m supposed to have some meeting in London where I’ll report everything I know and get equipment while the team is chosen, but I’m going to try to get them to let me pick my own.”
Bucky bit into his waffles with enthusiasm, savoring the way the syrup and butter filled every blueberry-flavored square.
“It’s all you, sweetheart,” he answered truthfully. Funny that most of his past partners had been drawn to him because they wanted a certain measure of pain or control, discipline or ownership. No one but Bucky had thought him capable of being a supportive caretaker. His sweet boy really brought out the best in him. They both did.
Steve, that bastard, just rolled his eyes and smirked, “Trust me. When I get in your space, you’ll know.”
Steve knew he was in trouble a split second before Tony’s fingers began a steady assault on his prostate. His other hand moved even faster than before, jerking him off too fast and too rough, and all Steve could think was,
He lifted to his hands and knees, making himself relax as he felt Tony shift closer behind him. He shuddered when he felt the thick head of Tony’s cock rub against his opening, teasing as it spread the lubricant around the muscled ring.
“I’m sorry.” And he meant it. “I’m sorry for worrying you, for being reckless, for being…me. Just please let me get this bandaged up, and I’ll get out of your hair. I promise.”
Bucky woke up feeling warm and confused. His breathing and heartrate was elevated, and it took a few moments before he remembered that he was in Steve’s room and was currently laying cuddled up against his side. That at least explained why he was so warm.
“That’s not why I’m fighting,” Tony told him truthfully as he met Steve’s eyes. Tony looked at Bucky then back at Steve, choosing his words for their audience. “I didn’t jump out that plane for recognition, Steve. I did it because you and Bucky are the only family I have, the only family I’ve had for most of my life. I’ve worked too hard over the years to keep you fed and safe and healthy because you didn’t have anyone else who would. I will be damned if I let something as stupid as this stop me from continuing that. If it’s change my name or stay in the lab, I’ll change my name.”
“They look like they’ve been to war,” was all Tony answered as he hurried his steps.
Walking along the sidewalk, he noticed the Christmas decorations in people’s windows and on store fronts. It was less than two weeks away. He’d never been big on Christmas. He’d never had reason to be. But as he thought of it now, it seemed like a great idea. Decided, he would create a great Christmas with food and presents and a tree. They had already given Tony so much, much more than they knew. He wanted to celebrate and give something back to his friends.
“You should.” Bucky breathed quietly. He had leaned in over the course of the conversation, Tony realized, his face just inches away. His lidded eyes focused on Tony’s.
“Safe word?” Steve asked in
“Not as much as we do. You bought the supplies.”
It was all Steve could do at the moment to take care of him. The truth was that Steve didn’t know how to make this better for the man. His own trauma was so different from Bucky’s, and Steve felt like he was barely able to do this. It was clear that Bucky had remembered some of the abuse he’d suffered at HYDRA’s hands, but that was all Steve knew.
“Fucking liar.” Tony spat. “You thought you were untouchable, didn’t you? Towering over everyone else in height and out-muscling them at the same time. Of course that’s even before you add in your little gang over there.” Tony nodded to the three unconscious men to the side of them.
“You think I could make your heart skip a beat, beautiful?” Bucky teased in that drawl of his.
Once he entered the tent, and Phillips noticed his presence, the Colonel ordered everyone to leave. The soldiers quickly obeyed as they scrambled off in different directions, leaving him alone with the man. Tony walked forward and took a seat across from him.
“Tony,” Bucky said softly as he waited for him to meet his eyes, “that still doesn’t make it any less impressive, or appreciated.” He looked thoughtfully at him across the table. “What else do you know how to fix?”
Tony was shaking his head, about to interject, but James beat him to it. “Stevie’s right. Look, I hope you can get this sorted out and these people can help, but if they can’t, don’t worry about not havin’ a place to go. You’re welcome to stay. We’ll figure it out one day atta time, right?”
A lot of people approved of the match. Tony was such a nice guy that they were happy to see him laughing and smiling while he was out with Ruth, and everyone agreed that the poor woman deserved someone who would treat her right like Tony did. It had been a very good idea on Tony’s part when he asked Ruth if she wouldn’t mind helping him with this little ruse.
The woman looked less than impressed by that, for which Tony was grateful. He didn’t need her to run into Howard’s arms from Steve’s lack of interest and somehow become Tony’s mother in some time travel catastrophe. Just... no.
You couldn’t do anything without money, no matter what time you were in. Tony had never been in this situation. In his time even on the rare occasions he didn’t have his wallet on hand, his name was basically a credit card. This was bad. So, so bad.
Second, I know not a lot happened in this chapter and it may seem filler-y, but pieces of it will come into play in later on.
At that moment Tony’s strong heart was about to beat out of his chest. He really didn’t like where this was going.
Steve looked over-whelmed to the point of tears as he watched Tony’s survey of the room.
Tony actually would have preferred four of Steve’s fingers to fit in him before Tony would fuck him, but since Tony only used three of his fingers when he prepped Bucky, he had to let that be enough with Steve. It’s just that Steve’s hands and fingers were a little smaller than Tony’s, but he knew that pointing that out and making Steve a special case would get him into big trouble with the blonde.
Steve huffed and nodded. “It’s just that when I was thinkin’ of the things Tony did to you, and how much you liked them, I started to wonder what it would feel like too.”
lipstick, and she should because it looks great on her.” Tony rambled. “But do you know who
Steve fought the blush that threatened him with the use of that name. It just brought back so many images from last night. “You said I had a service kink?”
“What do you think?” He asked as he jerked his head to the stage and slightly smoking car.
Steve’s arms briefly hugged him tighter. His voice was tight as he eventually answered, “I know what your worth to me. I know what your worth to Tony. Everything.”
here.”
3.)Baking bread was messy and time consuming, and the dough got wedged under his fingernails. It smelled good, though.
be having sex with any of these women.
He watched as Steve shrugged. “We didn’t have a lot growing up, and my ma was always working trying to keep up with the bills, so the cooking fell to me. When you don’t have a lot to work with, you try to make what you do have taste as good as you can.”
Tony laid down and pulled a blanket over his whole body, hiding his face along with his shame. He could feel the sticky mess cooling in his pants and knew it would be an uncomfortable experience in the morning when he’d go to clean himself. He didn’t care. He deserved it. The dried come would remind him of how inappropriate these thoughts were, and how wrong he’d been to have them.
“Hhmm?” Tony asked, looking up as he opened his menu. “What was what?”
He knocked on the door and waited, putting on his press smile as he slipped into boardroom mentality.
Tony stepped up into the man’s space. His voice was a cold threat. “So you see? Even with our different points of view, I think you can agree that you may have
Bucky shrugged and smiled nervously. “We’re pretty gone over you, Tony. We have been for a while. I understand if you don’t feel the same, but please don’t leave.” He begged. “I’m sorry if I screwed this up. I’m just so sick of always pretending, and I…I don’t wanna lose you.”
They walked in silence as they made their way back to the apartment. It was good because Tony’s head was throbbing and his jaw ached. The cut on his lip was a shadow compared to the burning pull of his stomach with every step he took.
As he stood on the stage and listened to the men jeer and mock him, Steve was once again reminded of his foolish hope. Tony had been right, and these soldiers didn’t want anything to do with him. They didn’t respect him even as a person, and he could see that a lot of them hated the very idea that someone who looked like Steve was doing something like this when he should be fighting like they were.
Tony nodded. “You’re right. It just worries me what you could think of me for it.”
“What if we lose him, Bucky?” Steve asked through his tears. “What if we don’t fix this in time? What if we can’t fix it, and Tony goes crazy from the isolation and grief? You heard what he said that day. He can’t live there alone. What if it becomes too much, and he kills himself? We’ll never get him back. We’ll never know what happened to him.”
Tony spent the next couple of hours preparing for the morning, getting everything ready so his surprise would go off without a hitch. It was just after one in the morning when he finally settled down on his sofa to go to sleep, looking forward to when the boys would wake and have a real Christmas to celebrate.
“A herd of…? What did you just call me?” Joe asked hotly. “Troc…Trocodyte?” His big meaty fists clenched at his sides.
“Sorry,” Steve said worriedly, “does it hurt?” Tony just shook his head, not trusting himself to speak.
Steve blushed and looked to side. “I’m a twig,” he mumbled.
Steve shivered right before three fingers suddenly pushed their way inside of him. He gasped at the intrusion, and his hands shot up to grab Tony’s shoulders as the man’s fingers resumed their punishing pace from before. Tony’s fingers stretched wide, and Steve groaned at the feeling. He loved it. The ache was a sweet assurance, almost as much as the knowledge that Tony wouldn’t hold back. He’d give Steve everything he’d promised, everything he’d made Steve beg for.
“Now that I can kind of remember what it was like, and who I used to be,” Bucky continued, “it’s hard not to hate myself. The thing is that I didn’t feel this way before, not really, not like this. I knew there was something wrong with me. I just didn’t like the thought of being defective and not understanding what you wanted from me. I knew I should care more, but I couldn’t so I didn’t.” He looked at Steve. “I was a ghost, a living ghost. You were suffering because of it, and I didn’t care. Soulless.”
As a philanthropist, stock holder, futurist and superhero, Tony was very well received.
James chuckled, not looking up from his sock. “Just show him Stevie. You ain’t got nothin’ to be ashamed of.”
Partly out of desperation, he’d agreed to go with Steve, and they had eventually ended up here at the tower. It had been very overwhelming. The number of people living here had set him on edge, but it was the way they treated him that was the hardest to adjust to. They acted like he was a person. They talked to him and asked him questions, but none of it was related to a mission or training. None of them had ever tried hurt him.
He burst through the door and saw both of them sitting side by side on the floor in front of the radio. Their heads were bowed, and they were holding each other. “Boys…” He choked as they lifted their heads to look at him.
“Steve, I’m serious,” he pleaded, “you need to believe me. I know something happened.”
The request was met with silence. Bucky didn’t know why the A.I. was taking so long to tell him no. It was locked for a reason, and Bucky didn’t have any business going in there. So he was surprised when the A.I. finally replied with a soft, “Of course, sir.”
“Yeah,” Steve replied.
“You don’t have to do that yet,” Tony said quickly. “Just wait until they send your notice.” He was desperate for more time, maybe this would change something, anything about what was supposed to happen. Tony knew he was wrong and selfish to try to change anything, but he didn’t care anymore.
“It’s begs belief that so many things in my life could just
“You’d order for us?” Bucky looked surprised before a small smile spread across his face. “I think I’d like that. You have really good taste.”
This only made Steve blush harder. Tony ran a hand up the back of his calf, behind his knee then along his outer thigh until he got to his hip. He squeezed gently. “You have no idea how much I want you.”
“And we get to try a bit of each.” Bucky said almost excitedly. “Are any of these like that pasta we made for you?”
Steve nodded his head. “We both admitted it to each other right after you got hurt. We love you. You make us so happy.”
“No objections. No buts. I did this because I wanted to. I’m Tony Stark, and I do what I want so get your asses in gear, boys.” He grabbed his coffee mug and walked over to the couch, flopping down and trying not to spill his drink. Damn his feet were tired from all that standing in the kitchen. He felt like a housewife.
“Yes,” he answered. “I don’t think I’d want to call you what Bucky does,” he looked at Bucky, “Not that there’s anything wrong with it.”
Abrams stared at him for several moments, different emotions playing across his face. Tony had won, and he could see the frustration and resentment in the doctor’s eyes that confirmed this. Eventually, Abrams said, “I’ll get someone in here to begin the removal of your casts. I’ll also notify the nurse to get your discharge paperwork ready, as well as our legal department to draw up a notice of contract termination. Mr. Stark, you are free to go, but it is against medical advisement.”
“My name really is Anthony,” he began. “Do you really need to know the last name?” Because whatever lie Tony told him would no doubt just get discovered again. The man had already proven that.
He summoned all the experience his life had afforded him to put a smile on his face and appear perfectly at ease. “Well then, let’s eat! If one of you will plate the food, I’ll pour the wine.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” he began before pausing. Uncertainty crept into his voice. “Unless you want me to? I mean, I don’t want to cause either of you trouble, and if you think it’s not a good idea…that it’s causing rumors.”
“Wow, you really were fucking Stark back in the day, huh, Barnes.” Clint chuckled, “Matching jackets. Rugged and handsome? Did he grow that beard for you?”
“I mean seriously, if Wong doesn’t know where he is, I don’t see how we’re going to find…Oh, my God! Cap and the Soldier are cuddling!” Clint’s voice was not what Bucky wanted right now. “I’ve gotta get a picture of this.”
into his eyes.
***Back to Tony***
Steve prayed that Bucky would be safe. That somehow, he would get through this.
“I seriously doubt he said either,” Steve said, not amused. Tony realized this was no time to be flippant.
Bucky smiled sadly and shook his head as he began to back away from Steve towards the exit. “You’re such a punk.”
Bucky shrugged because yes, that is what he thought Steve saw. It was what Bucky and everyone else saw. “It’s what I am, Stevie. You’re a hero and the leader of the Avengers, and once we get Tony back, he would be able to be with you the way you deserve. I’m still your friend, but this way I wouldn’t drag you down with me.”
“I’m not going anywhere if it’s not to follow you into battle.” Tony told him, probably being more truthful than he should.
“I know,” Bucky agreed. “I keep waitin’ for the day when he gets sick of us, or he’ll realize how much we’re holdin’ him back, or…we slip up and he catches us. I don’t think he’d do nothing to hurt us, but I can’t imagine him staying after that. And the longer he stays, the more I know it’s gonna hurt when he goes. He’s more than our friend, he’s….”
Both of them moaned at that. It wasn’t very often when both of them would bottom, but Tony already knew exactly how he wanted to take them.
, before his hands went back up to silence Joe again.
“Well educated, indeed, and a few of those would come in handy over here.” Phillips said. “I heard from the freed officers that you know something about first aid.”
First, and most important, Tony is a man. There is no way Captain America was anything but straight. And everyone had heard the stories about what a ladies man Barnes had been. Howard had always gone on about the Captain, but he’d sometimes reminisce with a few lewd stories about Barnes and his prowess with the ladies while on leave from the front.
“I’m gonna go enlist tomorrow,” Bucky continued as he pulled away from them, already seeming to distance himself from his lovers.
At that thought a new wave of memories washed over him, and through some act of providence, Steve heard Tony’s voice softly singing to him as if in answer to his fears.
Tony watched him and waited. Steve took a breath then started with the easier admission. “Well, I told Bucky that I really liked watchin’ the two of you together. I mean, I
, his mind informed him insistently) was drinking his coffee in the kitchen after their run. He remembered that the suit he was wearing looked expensive, and he now remembered thinking the same thing about that suit the day they met in October of 1939. He remembered talking about the band that Stark (
Hearing this James’s eyes lost most of their suspicion as he stretched out a hand to Tony. “Well then, I guess I owe you one. James Barnes,” he said as Tony clasped the offered hand for a firm but friendly shake.
“Tony, you don’t have to keep worryin’ over me. I’m fine now,” Bucky told him as he laid on his cot in the tent they’d provided for Steve. Of course, Steve had ordered that some of the men could share it because he didn’t need a whole tent to himself, and the camp was filled to capacity with all the rescued prisoners. More tents were being set up, but they were still having problems housing everyone.
“I know, and we’re gonna find him. We’ll have him back soon.”
Dugan lifted a hand to his jaw and winced, “If you do end up hitting me in the morning, Jones, avoid the mouth. I think that damned Frenchman already loosened some teeth.”
Steve was taken aback at the title and respect he heard in their voices and saw on their faces. He’d meant that as a joke, that silly Captain America was here to help. He didn’t think they’d take him seriously. Men around them whooped as those closest to Steve clapped his back saying, “I can’t believe you made it outta there.” “You’ve got some nerve, man.” “Crazy American bastard!”
Bucky didn’t feel like a hero, and he didn’t really care that he might be getting a medal that he couldn’t use. All he cared about was making it through this damn war.
They went as quickly as carrying Bucky between them allowed. Steve was tempted to just scoop him into his arms, but he knew that would only hurt Bucky’s pride when they made it to the others. They easily followed the tracks of the prisoners and whatever vehicles they’d taken until finally they found them just where Steve had told them to be.
That’s what this was. He was just horny, so any good looking person would do. Tony was shallow. It’s not like Tony was
“Maybe I’m here because Doctor Erskine knew I wouldn’t just nod my head like a sycophant and kiss your ass.” Tony answered. “Maybe they needed someone more down to earth to remind you that no one is perfect, and there’s more on the line here than your reputation and legacy of being the best. It’s a widely known fact that many of the smartest people in history didn’t have the common sense most people are born with.”
to graciously offer them a place to stay and provide help for James. He really had tried.
He turned and kissed Bucky slow and deep, relishing at how languid his sweet boy was. “I love you so much, sweetheart. Thank you for an incredible evening.”
“Tony, what…?” “How did you…”
“You don’t have to thank me for that, Buck.” Steve told him. “I’d do it again.”
“Fuck, Bucky,” Steve panted. “You were right. It was sexy as hell watching you with Tony.”
Another year passed. There were dates and dancing. There were arguments and reconciliations. There were birthdays and nights of passion. From asthma attacks to pneumonia and insecurities to reassurances, they had weathered it all.
Tony looked at the man who had been a casual friend and was now nothing more than his doctor. Tony couldn’t afford to have him as a friend anymore, and he certainly couldn’t allow him to continue to be his doctor. So, Tony shoved his anxiety to the side, stopped being defensive and went on the offensive instead.
“I think Stark is totally fucked.” Bucky said bluntly, his voice so different from how it was long ago when he’d been Steve’s Bucky. “We have no leads on where he is, or what the hell actually happened here. That Strange guy isn’t here to help or give us answers. The only reason for hope at all is that there wasn’t a corpse laid out next to that phone.”
His hand was almost on the doorknob when he heard the moan again, but this time it was followed by Bucky’s voice.
**Steve’s POV**
Bucky’s eyes had grown wet, the relief of finally understanding why he felt this way and being validated for it was something he’d wanted for so long. “Thank you,” he said thickly, “for explaining that to me.”
The blast of another explosion was so close that Bucky felt his skin burn with the heat of it, and Dugan’s hat was blasted from his head. Bucky continued to fire as Dugan took a brief moment to pick up his beloved hat. Bucky yelled out “Here they come!”
Steve rushed forward and put a hand on the cast over Tony’s shoulder. “Tony, please calm down!” The worry in his voice was about one of the only things that could have gotten Tony’s attention. Tony stopped his movements and looked at Steve. His beautiful blue eyes were tired and sunken into his face from the recent stress he’d gone through.
Apparently, that was all Joe needed. He lunged forward swinging a mean right cross at Tony’s face. Tony had seen it coming and stepped to the left. His own right hand, kept down low, flew out and connected with his attacker’s stomach in a low hook. Air left Joe’s lungs in a rush, and he stumbled a step. Shaking it off with a huff, Joe attacked again.
Tony nodded in understanding. Steve envied him for that because he certainly didn’t feel like he understood himself right now.
That caused a small smile to form on Tony’s lips. “That’s because half of the equations are incomplete.”
“Well, I can’t believe how hard it was to check myself out of there,” he responded good naturedly. Ruth was a good friend, and he was touched from her concern. “I know what the doctors were saying, and what those x-rays looked like, but it was a mistake, Ruth. I’m just a bit beat up. All that would have been accomplished by my staying there is a waste of a room and attention that could have gone to someone else. Besides, I practically sprinted up those stairs out there,” he told her, nodding his head to the door.
James entered the kitchen still looking worried. “I’m sorry it didn’t work out, Tony. I know you gotta wanna go home. I wish we could help, but…Where’s your suit?” He asked, just noticing Tony’s new wardrobe. “And what is all that?” He pointed to the box.
Second, if either or both of them weren’t certified hetero, Tony would bet the farm that they’d be sex-ing each other up. He actually did sometimes wonder about those two. Just how deep was their bond? (and who tops? Oh, mental picture) But Tony never noticed any evidence of a romantic or physical relationship. He usually tried his best not to picture it because that’s
The colonel abruptly turned, ending the conversation before either man could respond, and all the while grumbling about “civilian jackasses” and “rather shoot my foot than deal with this” and “should have hired that roll of toilet paper to handle this shit”.
Holy fuck, Steve had a way words, but Tony definately agreed that he wanted Bucky inside him. In any capacity.
“Yeah,” Tony said, and for some reason, his voice was subdued, almost pained as he finished, “I thought you might like it.”
“It’s not your fault, Buck.” Steve told him. “How I felt wasn’t on you.”
Bucky was intrigued. That couldn’t be good, could it? He began his own experiment as Steve answered, “Gabe was a musician. There were a few times he’d borrow a horn from a performer at a pub we were visiting, and he’d play for the crowd. He said he didn’t want to get too out of practice before he returned home. He used play in jazz clubs sometimes before the war. He was really good.”
“If one of those chorus girls tried to flirt with you again, I don’t think I need to hear it.” Tony said as he looked up at his partner.
“In here!” He called back through the screwdriver in his teeth. He saw Steve out the corner of his eye and looked up to see a surprised face staring down. Removing the tool from his mouth, he asked, “How’d it go?”
“I am still functional.” It said truthfully. Its shoulder damage was irrelevant. The arm needed maintenance. It was its strongest weapon.
“How?” Bucky asked before leaning into Tony’s touch, seeking comfort. Tony knew they were taking a risk since anyone could walk in, but he didn’t care. Bucky was practically touch-starved, and it broke Tony’s heart.
“You’re right about one thing, Tony.” Steve said. “Your father really was an asshole.” He took a deep breath. “But you’re wrong about everything else. I can’t imagine what it was like to go through any of that, but whoever you were when you were younger, you’re not that person anymore. And I think that what you had to suffer through is payment enough for the mistakes you’ve made, especially when you’re still suffering from it.”
“It was a mess, Bucky. He was a mess. He’d worked so hard to make it through the program, and it nearly killed him. Then, they just turned him into a joke during one of the toughest times in his life. He was lost dealing with his new body and new job.”
Bucky had been gone eight days, and Tony and Steve both missed him terribly. There was a gaping hole where he had been in their lives, and though they knew it would take some time to adjust to his absence, it still hurt like hell. They tried not to talk about how much they missed him. Instead, they would just talk about him, wondering what he was doing and if he’d met some interesting people. They had been ecstatic when they finally got his first letter and read it together.
He thought he understood why Bucky liked it. The thing that had attracted Bucky to Tony the most was how the man seemed to want to take care of them.
As he’d attempted to reload his rifle, he’d seen a shape moving toward him on the right. Bucky had grabbed the pistol at his side and fired at the approaching Nazi. The back of the man’s head exploded. Bucky had gotten him in the eye. Once the fighting was over and the wounded were being tended to, Bucky went and found the enemy soldier, the only one he knew for sure that he had killed. The first one he'd seen his bullet tear through.
Tony hadn’t known how he should feel at being dismissed, but he hadn’t really had any choice but to go. This was Howard’s lab, and he’d told Tony that he wasn’t needed at the moment. According to their new truce, he had to respect that. “Alright then, see you in couple days.”
Tony should know. He’d made their cover several times and redefined the word handsome while doing it.
Tony had walked out. And kept walking. He used the time to come to terms with his new reality. He was stuck here. Magic couldn’t get him back, and unless he could figure out how to build a time machine, he was shit out of options. Maybe now that he was properly motivated he’d be able to figure out the temporal and quantum mechanics of building a vessel that could travel at the speed of light. Then he could prove Einstein’s theory of special relativity.
And he was, for the first time in over seventy years, he could be Bucky. “
“Thankfully yes,” Tony had said, playing along. “I’m told it looked like my death. Glad they were mistaken. I’m not ready to check out just yet.”
, he thought, he’d never had this. Two people he loved more than anything surrounding him and giving him everything he liked for the sole purpose of using and pleasuring him. It was almost overwhelming.
“Everything about our lives is dangerous, doll. Besides,” Bucky added, “you’re the man with a plan. Don’t you want to plan something nice for him?”
Steve’s head turned as his eyes snapped up to meet his, and Tony watched as his pupils darkened while his face looked conflicted. “Tony, we…I mean... Bucky just left, and…”
“For Anthony to suffer,” he said quietly.
. The two soldiers would probably laugh at the idea, and they would be right to.
“Yeah, his grandkids should be our overlords by now.” Clint joked and was rewarded by Natasha’s hand flying out and slapping the back of his head.
“What is the purpose?” Natasha asked, stone faced.
Steve laughed. “Yeah, you certainly have a reputation as someone not to get in the way of. I didn’t even know what a personal assistant was until you explained it to me. Are all of them as scary as you?”
What the hell was wrong with him? With his body? It was like he’d gotten a dose of the super-serum with how quickly he now knew he could heal. A large cut and severe burn hardly leaving a scar was one thing. Not appearing to age was another thing. This however, this was a whole different level of wrongness that was threatening to send Tony into a panic.
Tony was going to say that no, he couldn’t, but stopped short. This wasn’t the James from his time. The years of being in the army and as the Winter Soldier didn’t haunt the grey-blue eyes of the young man in front of him. The smile was friendly, not bitter and world weary. Calling him Bucky didn’t seem as ridiculous as it once had.
“So Buck,” he started, “Last night, it was good?” God, that sounded awful. “I mean, you enjoyed it? With Tony?”
“It’s getting bad in my memories, Steve.” Bucky told him.
“Alright, fine,” Tony said because Steve would see it work eventually if everything went to plan. “I’m building it because of this stupid fucking war. Don’t interrupt and just listen,” Tony told him, raising a hand. “I built it because I’ve been expecting the news you just brought me. Other USO groups have already gone overseas, and it was just a matter of time before they’d send you once they’d milked the defense bond thing dry. It’s a war zone, Steve. It’s not safe, and pardon me if I’m not comfortable just relying on an army escort while we’re over there. You think I’m willing to risk our safety, your safety, on the courage of a bunch of guys I don’t even know? Not gonna happen, especially when it turns out that I was right. We’re going. I know the USO isn’t gonna pay my way, so I’m fully prepared to buy my own ticket, but we’re going.”
“Why would Mr. Ryan kill…” Bucky looked confused before his eyes widened in realization. “Byrne is screwing Ryan’s wife?!”
“Of course,” Erskine said as they arrived at the car. “They will be physically perfect in terms of health.” Tony could see the gears moving in the doctors mind.
“Wait,” Dugan said, “The Steve and Tony? Your crazy roommates Steve and Tony? The artist and the genius?”
“Yeah, about that,” Tony said, and Bucky was instantly suspicious. “If you don’t mind tagging along on a little errand, I’ll be able to put us up somewhere.”
“You didn’t need to go through all this trouble, Tony.” Disbelief still filling Steve’s voice. “We weren’t expecting anything.”
Bucky pretended to put up a fight, but they all knew that he needed to rest. If Steve didn’t know that Bucky would’ve hated him for it, he would have made him ride in one of the trucks to begin with, but Steve did know better. This was not their sweet love at the moment, and they couldn’t coddle him like Steve knew their Bucky would want to be cared for. This was Sergeant Barnes who, Steve and Tony had learned on their march, had been leading men into and out of impossible situations for months now.
Their faces transformed with shock. “What…what did they want?” Steve’s voice was hoarse.
“Good day, miss.” Tony was getting good at the polite thing people in this time were so big on.
“No baby,” Tony told him. “I’m not leaving. At most, I may be gone for a day or two, but I will come home as soon as I can.”
It was a bright, beautiful afternoon, and Tony was walking along and talking to Joe Russo as they made their way to the pizza place he owned with his brother, who was also named Anthony. They’d run into each other at the newsstand, and he was telling his friend how Bucky had been doing with his training and how he’d be home in a couple of weeks. When they arrived at an intersection and were going to cross, Tony heard a horn blaring somewhere close to them.
“That’s right, love. Open for us. Let it all go.” Steve murmured against his skin as he spread his fingers wide and added his tongue, his other hand softly stroking along Bucky’s side and thigh.
“What do you mean I have a date?” Steve asked with equal parts incredulity and nerves.
Tony ignored her as Steve got into position at the doorway before shouting, “As soon as we’re clear, you turn this thing around and get the hell outta here.”
“Yes,” Erskine nodded. “Strength, agility, enhanced senses, ability to focus, memory retention and many other things. Why?”
Bucky’s attention was directed inward as Steve sat them down on the large couch. He wrapped an arm around the brunet and softly ran his fingers down the flesh arm that remained. The cool metal of Bucky’s left lay tucked between them, growing warmer from their bodies. They passed the remaining hours of the night in thoughtful reflection.
No, Bucky worried because he knew Steve was probably still planning and trying to enlist. He was the most stubborn bastard Bucky had ever met, and while Bucky usually loved that about him, it terrified him now. He didn’t want this for Steve. As much as Steve hated to hear it, he wasn’t made for this. It would kill him. Hell, the running alone could kill him.
Tony could feel that he’d relaxed a little as he tentatively poked the tip of his tongue into Bucky, pushing past the tight outer ring of muscle and into his heated body. He slowly began a thrusting motion, each push getting him deeper into the shaking man in front of him.
“I know what I heard.” The other man gritted out, like it was too painful to think about. “I know what you and those little fruits are doing next door. Leave now or come tomorrow, I’ll tell everyone what you’ve been gettin’ up to. Then I won’t have to wait for you to move.”
Steve wailed as Tony leaned back again, and the other hand grabbed his sensitive, spent dick. He was so fucking overwhelmed at the added touch, but he still wished he was hard again even though it was too soon after having just come. It didn’t stop his cock from continuing to leak from the attention his prostate was receiving.
Steve knows his face must have shown his confusion because Thor added, “I simply need to look for something, something beyond the physical. Your hand, please?”
“Steve…”
“He’s not legally changing my name,” Tony tried to explain this in the most believable way he could think of.
James and he casually spoke back and forth as the food was prepared, James thanking him as he was handed a cup of coffee. That trademark smile creating a dimple as his fingers brushed Tony’s on the mug.
“The depression won’t come back, then?” Steve asked tentatively, and Tony was reminded at how hard those years had been for him and everyone else in this country that the man was so scared of it returning. Tony had arrived at the end of it when America was just beginning to recover, but the truth was that most of the thirties had left a large scar across the nation.
Steve leaned in and kissed him, slowly and sweetly. It was nothing heated but was deeply intimate, and Bucky kissed him back. It was tentative and a little clumsy, but to Steve it was perfect. Their lips brushing the other’s. Neither of them moving to deepen it. It was a reassurance and promise to each other.
Though his breathing was heavier, he was far from winded, and he knew he’d made excellent time. Thank you morning push-ups (and having two lovers half his age was really good cardio). As he walked back, he could have sworn Philips almost looked impressed. Almost.
“Wonderfully relaxed and lucky enough to have souvenirs for tomorrow?” Tony cut him off firmly but kindly. “I’m not made of glass, Steve. I didn’t shatter. They’re just bruises and will be gone before you know it.”
The newly named Bucky did not like it here. The tower was large with multiple points of entry. The inhabitants were strange and off-putting. Their ceaseless talking grated its nerves. So much of what was said was irrelevant.
He’d apparently been given the brush off, and found that he was more or less OK with that.
There was a group of young men with their backs to him, and they all appeared to be watching something on the ground a few feet in front of them.
Bucky did that thing where he seemed to go inside of himself when he tried to remember something. His memories were so deeply buried, and his mind was so damaged that he couldn’t even stay present if he wanted to recall them. “He had weird underwear.” He finally said.
Bucky shook his head, scolding himself. He loved Tony, all of Tony. Bucky knew these things when he fell in love, and he couldn’t dwell on the fact that Tony was who he had always been and hadn’t changed completely for him. Bucky doesn’t want him to change anyway, not really. He knew you couldn’t just love the pieces of someone that were easy to love, and Tony was so much more than the thoughts he didn’t speak. Sometimes he just wished…
Steve didn’t know if that’s something
“So, present time!” He clapped his palms together.
Natasha stepped forward to where Steve was almost finished chopping his veggies and herbs. “What’s for dinner, Cap?”
She was gasping
better than this. He had to be.
He would just talk to Bucky as he worked on the wires and gears, applying a special fluid to improve the arms mobility. He mostly just rambled, and at first, it had confused Bucky to no end, making him anxious. Maintenance didn’t require that much talking. His handlers and the scientists never talked to him, except for orders. He didn’t understand the need for it.
Steve bent over and gently pressed a kiss to Bucky’s forehead. It was the first time since Bucky started remembering their past that the blonde had kissed him, and it left a warm feeling in his chest.
his voice had broken, “
“Don’t talk to me like I’m some bigoted asshole!” Bucky fumed. “Like I don’t know the difference between those things.”
“Is that the reason for this?” Erskine asked him as he drove. “You won’t even come around and look busy for a few days in the upcoming months just to avoid Howard? You will have to meet him eventually, you know.” Erskine looked speculatively at him. “I’ve met with Howard a few dozen times, and while I don’t know him well, I can say that it is somewhat surprising to think of him being a father.”
Bucky had been sitting beside the radio, reading the paper for any job listings, when Tony approached him.
“Was she tight?”
It shook its head. Irrelevant. It was malfunctioning.
uniform. Steve had stopped trying to talk to them.
you’ve been telling us about.” Howard wasn’t even trying to cover his disdain as he looked Tony up and down, clearly finding what he saw unimpressive.
Steve looked unhappy with that decision but nodded his agreement.
him suffer that loss, no matter the count of years. The curse will break with the severing of the bond and not a moment before it.”
“I hear from the good doctor that you’re some kind of genius or whatnot?” The gruff military man asked as he’d met them in the training yard of Camp Lehigh where Tony and Erskine had driven out to New Jersey.
Steve looked surprised. His mouth opened and closed, but no sound came out.
“Tony, you said you’ve bottomed before.” Steve said. “But you also said you don’t submit easily. How does that work?”
Then, Bucky remembering the part of him that had been lost and struggling to cope with the emotions that they had triggered. Steve was trying so hard to keep going under the weight of everything. He’d been trying since he woke up in this strange new world over two years ago, but he was so tired. From trying to adapt to this time, trying to save the world, trying to make new friends, trying to save Bucky, trying to be there for Bucky once he found him, trying to control his growing attraction to Tony and now today, it was all crushing him.
The man looked back at him with eyes full of grief. “I know it sounds callous, Sergeant Barnes, but you haven’t heard the screams that follow when they take someone.”
He looked straight at Steve. “To end the curse, he would have to end himself. Stark will have to take his own life.”
“Bum, bum, da-dum, da, da-da, the American way?” Tony lightly sang under his breath as he painstakingly tried to work on a new gauntlet in one of his rare moments alone. It was definitely crude compared to his other one, but necessity must. There was no way he’d be able to make it compact enough to fit inside a watch, so there would be no way of disguising it as something other than what it was. This didn’t matter to Tony.
“I blacked out. The next thing I remember was waking up screaming, strapped down on a dirty cot while they were cutting me open, breaking my ribs to remove the metal fragments. All I could do was scream and wish I’d never woke up.”
Steve grunted. “Yes, but I…I stopped her.”
Tony already knew that Steve had no love for being in the spotlight and speaking to crowds. In his own time, Cap had done it because it was expected of him, but everyone on the team could see that he’d hated being interviewed or answering reporters’ questions at press conferences. “You’re not an idiot, Steve. Don’t listen to that guy.”
Howard’s welcome still had Tony a little confused. When he’d walked into the lab after being clapped on the shoulder by the guard standing outside, Howard had looked up from the circuit board he was working on. Tony had watched his father’s brow furrow before he asked, “What the hell are you doing here, Anthony?”
“Lovely name,” he returned the smile. “Louise, would you grant me the privilege of accompanying me to the dance tonight?” God, he felt like he was in a cheesy black and white movie, which he realized he kind of was.
Bucky smiled sadly at this. “Well, we don’t have to uphold high standards here, but we can happily afford that luxury. If you need help, ask for it.”
“You just performed for them,” she said, looking taken aback, “or what was left of them. The 107th was attacked weeks ago. Schmidt sent out a force to Azzano. Two hundred men went up against them and less than fifty returned. Your audience contained what was left of the 107th. The rest were killed or captured. It’s been quite the mess in the aftermath. Troubling reports…I’m sorry about your friend.”
Tony fished out a dime and gave it to the young man, who tipped his hat in thanks and left.
They were being supportive and keeping their promise to be there for him. It only made Tony love them more, which was another reason he had to get out of that apartment.
It was late at night, and Tony was standing in an alley filled with four unconscious, beaten men. How much had they seen? How much had they
Steve smiled. “I think Tony’s just stubborn enough to mean that.”
For some reason as he was thinking this, that little keepsake prayer entered his mind.
And he tried. He focused on the words he heard being spoken and the hands that still ran along his limbs. He felt gentle fingers brush beneath his eyes, wiping his tears away.
The rockface beneath him was unforgiving as he laid on his stomach.  The rifle pressed against his shoulder and supported by his hand had now grown warmer than his body. Around him the wind blew through the cracks in the stone as the land and its creatures stayed silent in fear. The rain continued to lightly fall, but Bucky never moved. His eyes and total focus were trained on the clearing below. They shouldn’t have come.
Beaming, Steve said, “It was you that gave him the idea, Tony.”
“Look how wet you’ve made yourself.” Tony squeezed just enough on his soft cock to make Steve choke.
Tony smiled softly as he remembered that this would be a big culture shock for the two of them. “I met Francesco a couple of weeks ago after I helped his daughter out of a bad situation. Remember the car that I fixed a couple blocks from our apartment?”
“How Steve? How is it not so bad? Were you listening to my story? I know I can’t use names, but I’m pretty sure I was descriptive enough to paint a pretty decent word picture of what I had to deal with.”
“But not me,” Tony said softly.
He was about to ask them if they had any more questions when Bucky asked, “What about you Tony?”
Abraham chuckled wryly. “ A very good policy in life, I can agree. I am still learning about many things myself.” He looked down at his mess of papers and journals, and his smile faded. “Perhaps I will learn from this. I should have stayed in my apartment or at least left my work there instead of taking it with me, but I was getting hungry and didn’t want to stop working.”
He turned to Steve and asked, “You wanna open him for me?”
He calmly approached Steve’s bedside, keeping eye contact with him the entire time. “With your permission, Captain, I would need to touch you.”
He also kind of liked that Tony ran the show. Yeah, he’d been commanding with Bucky like he usually was, but Steve had also liked Tony giving both of them directions, even if he’d made it sound like more of a suggestion with Steve. Like they were both equally taking care of Bucky, and Tony was just the one who happened to be making the calls on how to do it.
“I’m sure you’re right,” Tony told him. “Did you see a way up without us both being detected?”
Steve had helped James through school, from classwork to outright lying for him to keep him out of trouble, because who could ever believe that Steve Rogers would lie? James kept Steve from being beaten to death on a regular basis when the guys mouth just wouldn’t stop running at schoolyard bullies. Steve never did like bullies.
Bucky shook his head as Steve answered, “We figured a big breakfast with the team would be better. You’ve all been workin’ hard to find Tony while we adjust.”
The closest he had come to this was when he’d watched those old movie reels and had used what Howard had started as a way to create the new element that would replace his reactor core and save Tony’s life. Still, this was a very different situation, and Tony needed to remind himself to move away from the work and let Howard do the heavy lifting. Tony was a consultant and not officially part of this.
“He’s good at getting things done,” Steve said thoughtfully as he saw Bucky’s group of friends make their way towards them.
Bucky realized that he was silently crying as the blonde’s fingers gently wiped his tears. Bucky knew he was OK, but he couldn’t tell them that yet. He was tired and shaky, but he knew it would be alright. They were here, and he was safe, and everything was alright.
Clint whined. “I can’t drink outta this, your cooties are too fresh!” Seriously, sometimes the archer acted like he was ten.
“Yes, Bucky and I are still remembering new events from our past.” Steve answered. “The added side effect for Bucky is that he has now begun to remember pieces of who he was before the war and everything after.”
Tony’s voice was quiet. “You’ve known for years…”
He could feel Steve’s body shaking with laughter as he watched the blonde smile wider. “You’re not old, Tony.” His gaze turned speculative as he studied Tony’s face. “Really, it’s like you don’t even age. I’ve drawn you so many times over the past two years, and it’s like you haven’t changed at all.”
Bucky just kept going. “When Steve decided he was going to go on his unsanctioned mission, Tony came along for the ride.”
He tossed the towels in the hamper before he scooted Tony further onto the bed and arranged the pillows for all of them rest on. He pulled the covers over the three of them, and Tony was cocooned between both of his boys once again.
Bucky sighed as he finally dropped the act, looking haunted. He grabbed Tony’s hand and kissed his palm before saying, “I’m glad you’re here, Tony.” He watched as the younger man’s eyes grew wet. “I don’t know how you managed to be here with Steve, but I’m glad you did it.”
That’s like Tony Stark, celibate. Maybe the laws of physics could be changed more easily than he’d thought, because the natural order of Tony’s universe was breaking down as he stared at the risqué photo.
“Yep. It was almost dark, and she was driving her children back home after visiting family. Her car stopped working.” Tony shrugged. “You know how cold it’s been lately. I couldn’t just let her sit there with three kids in the back seat and no heat. Lucky for both of us, it was an easy fix, and she was able to get back on her way home soon enough. Francesco came and found me the next day to thank me for helping his daughter and grandkids. He couldn’t believe that I didn’t charge her anything and told me about his restaurant and invited me to come and bring my friends anytime I wanted.”
“Fifteen,” Tony shrugged.
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. “I am not having this conversation again. I’m ninety-six years old. I will not argue Harry Potter with you.”
Fuck, fuck, fuck.
“We are a mess, aren’t we?” Steve mused. “When you think about it, we’re perfect for each other.”
Tony chuckled, trying to put the man at ease. “Oh, I’m sure we have plenty in common, most people do if they take the time to find out.” He stuck out his hand as an offering. “Name’s Tony, originally from California but now I stay in Brooklyn.”
But Tony Stark as a human being was deeply flawed and emotionally stunted. Tony Stark shouldn’t even be an Avenger, they just needed Iron Man.
Tony had learned as a child that his best was never good enough. His own parents had never wanted him around so what could he hope to give someone else? He had learned what was expected of him, and what would be accepted from him. People wanted money, fame by association, expensive gifts, orgasms…but they never wanted Tony. So he’d learned to act like he gave no fucks.
“How are you feeling today, James,” Bruce asked him as he blew over the top of his tea. “Any more headaches? Dizziness?”
“Not like I could control that,” Steve smiled in spite of himself because it was just so Tony.
Bucky nodded, “This mornin’ you said we needed to have a discussion, and Steve and me did some talking.”
Bucky groaned softly in frustration as Tony moved away from his neck to give him one more kiss. “As much as I would love to stay here in bed and show you everything my dream entailed, it would make me very late. I still have a lot of work to catch up on.”
Clint squawked, and Tony saw Steve and Bucky go wide eyed with shock. He was going to give Captain America an aneurism. They’d probably kick him out of the country for that.
“I slept very well, thank you.” He answered as Steve all but fell into his chair with a groggy little noise. Adorable. “Longest I’ve slept in a while, actually.”
After an hour or so of walking, the silence was finally broken.
They arrived just in time to see Tony break the first guy’s nose then knock him out. Tony rolled on the ground, delivered punches then spun around to throw another guy
“Good job, soldier.” Tony smirked above him as Steve came back down.
“Just like I told you, love.” Steve said to Bucky as he too climbed onto the bed, walking on his knees to stop by Tony’s head.
“Don’t look at me, I’m just the sidekick.” Tony told them, adding to their confusion.
Yeah, Steve definitely agreed that Tony should be in charge, at least at first, so Steve could learn what to do by watching him.
“I can fend for myself, you know.” He said in mock indignation. “But it doesn’t matter anyway. I, uh, have a date tonight too,” he ended sheepishly.
That racism Bucky and his friends experienced was a very real thing. (The right shade of white) At this time in Brooklyn, the Irish, Italian and Jewish populations had exploded with immagrants that had come into the country in the past few decades. Many "english" Americans did not approve of them. Sadly enough, they did not approve of each other. There would be a Jewish side of the street and an Irish side, for example. They held onto prejudices and stereotypes of other nationalities.
“So we’re OK.” Bucky said, as if to reassure himself.
“Well, their either too far away or too dead,” Tony reasoned, “so I say we go find some pizza instead. All of this emoting has made me want something covered in grease and cheese. Maybe washed down with a soda.”
“I do not know the reason behind it, only the one who created the curse would know such a thing, but he will suffer.” Thor said grimly. “I did not misspeak my words when I said he was locked and bound to you. He cannot leave, not until that which has bound him has passed.”
“Typical,” his friend scoffed as he tried to get more comfortable without much success.  “Tell me more ‘bout those crazy roommates of yours, the genius and the scrappy artist. If you’re not gonna sleep, and I’m not gonna sleep, then tell me story. Anything is better than just layin’ here.”
He also had a healthy blush spreading across his face. “Just some sketches I sell sometimes to help out.”
Breaking the silence in a voice just above a whisper, Bucky said, “I wonder where he is right now. Or I guess
“I’m not that easy to get rid of,” Tony said, smiling at his private joke.
Bucky had never considered himself to be a great thinker. That was a skill more suited to men like Steve and Tony, but he could be practical. He could use common sense, and common sense told him that they were losing ground to the enemy that was pursuing them. They wouldn’t survive another direct fight, so Bucky had decided to stage a little surprise for their tireless enemy.
“Think carefully, Byrne.” Tony said as he threw the man’s hurtful words back at him. “One way or another, you will be leaving. I will be staying right here, surrounded by my large group of friends and those two boys that I am fiercely protective over.”
Tony, unused to being waited on with such care, choked up as he grabbed the items from Steve. Sweet, stubborn Steve who would probably force the pills down his throat if he refused. Tony didn’t refuse. He popped the white tablets in his mouth and drained the glass in large, hurried gulps. He’d been thirstier than he’d thought.
. He hadn’t meant to say it, not this soon. You don’t tell someone you love them after the first time you have sex.
This time Tony caught the arm just at the wrist and twisted while kicking the back of Joe’s calf, making him fall hard on his knees. Tony kept his right hand tightly locked around the wrist while his left hand grabbed the shoulder in a vice grip.
The Sanctum…
Steve turned to look at him. He saw the fear and pain he’d witnessed for days now still filling the worried brown eyes looking up above his lenses. Steve should have listened.
They chuckled as Tony began to carve. It wasn’t so bad. Though he did silently wish for one of those electric carving knives to speed the process along.
“Good boy,” he praised before turning to Steve. “I know just how I want you, baby boy,” he told him as Tony grabbed him by the waist and almost lifted him onto Bucky in a reverse riding position. Steve let out a little choking noise, and Tony knew why. Steve loved being manhandled by Tony, whether it was being pushed around or held down.
The door opened, and it walked inside. Analysis: pending…
Steve laughed. “As long as you stay humble,” he said as he tucked himself back against Tony. They were sticky with sweat and each other’s fluids, but they made no move to leave the bed and their embrace. They just stayed in the other’s arms and enjoyed the comfort that their closeness offered them. It had been a long week, and Bucky would be gone for many more to follow.
Talking was something Tony was good at. He could usually talk circles around anyone, but as he stood in front of her, Tony measured every word spoken.
Even to him that sounded kind of far-fetched. Medical science wouldn’t recognize asthma as a physical ailment for at least another twenty years.
“Uhng..yes, yes Bucky.”
Tony lifted his arms and did as instructed. He could feel the muscles of Bucky’s back through the shirt beneath his palm. The warm heat of his skin radiated through the fabric. The hand on his own shoulder was a light caress. Tony swallowed but focused on Bucky’s face.
Tony thought on that before saying, “Do you promise not to tell the Captain or anyone else why I had to change it?”
At that, the A.I. chimed in. “Though it appears that I may have underestimated Sir, it was with the best of intentions as I was operating with the information of his few previous attempts to feed himself. None of which could have been qualified as a success, and most of which were a safety hazard.”
Tony looked out at the tables when the song changed, he saw Steve sitting alone. “Do you mind if we sit this one out?” He found himself asking. “I need to catch my breath. Heart condition,” he explained.
“I’d like to see that, Tony.” Steve said with hopeful eyes.
Bucky groaned breathlessly
“But we already knew that!” Sam said exasperatedly. “You had to hold his hand for that?”
“We should be able to drop you right on their doorstep,” Howard called from the front of the plane. “You sure it’s really a good idea to have Anthony going with you?”
“I know,” Tony said. “But believe me, I wanted to celebrate. Now, I want to celebrate even more.”
“You’re not with the tour,” Jacobson’s eyes narrowed.
Steve rolled his eyes. “I’m not concussed. Believe me, I’ve had worse.
He would gladly take
**Bucky’s POV**
In his daze he saw two blurred figures appear over him. Before his fear had time to grow any larger, he felt the straps at his left foot being ripped free, followed by the others as the shadow to his right softly stroked his face. That couldn’t be right; the people here only hurt him. The only ones who touched him like that were…
Tony turned to see a figure emerge to his left. A figure he soon recognized. “Umar, you are looking lovely as ever.”
He hadn’t had to worry so much about food since Afghanistan. Or the Mandarin incident, but that was just because that kid Harley was too lazy to make a sandwich.
Francesco’s younger brother and his family hadn’t been able to leave Italy in time. They were trapped under a fascist dictator with the threat of war approaching from both sides. America was already in North Africa and would be fighting their way through enemy lines to the Mediterranean.
Bucky met his worried eyes with his tear-filled ones. “You shouldn’t love me,” he said brokenly. “You shouldn’t…I’ll just mess it up. I can’t…I can’t be normal, Stevie, not like I was. There’s so much blood. I’m a monster.”
With tears in her eyes, she’d hugged him tightly and made him promise to look after himself and Steve. It had been an easy promise to make.
“I’m glad,” Steve answered as he lowered himself back to Tony’s mouth. He felt Steve’s hand leave his stomach where it been helping to prop Steve up, and he figured he was petting Bucky’s hair as he praised him. “Your doing so well, love. Just like I told you to. You look so sexy between his legs.”
“Uonnhh..” Steve moaned under him as Tony started to quicken his thrusts. The sound of their skin slapping began to compete with their own grunts and groans. It sounded like Steve was desperately trying to bite his lip only to moan again when Tony slammed in just a little bit harder.
Damn right it would be too late. Tony had never loved Steve’s stubbornness more than in this moment. Steve pulled up his pack and grabbed his shield as he moved to exit the tent with Tony at his heels. Agent Carter followed them as they moved into the open.
*Nervously hits Post Without Preview*
“Is that an order, Captain?” Tony teased as he slowed his movements even more, coming to a stop. Steve just groaned in frustration before Tony continued, “No, it couldn’t be. My Steve likes to use his hands when he gives me orders. So creative the way he uses his hands.”
Steve also knew that Tony worried about him and Bucky constantly. Tony couldn’t be there to protect Bucky wherever he was fighting, so he was focusing on Steve.
“Tell Rose that I really appreciate this.” He said as he grabbed the item from the other man.
As the last one passed them, Tony said, “Now,” and Steve moved swiftly. Before Tony could register the sensation of his flight, he was passing through the back flap of the truck and landing roughly on his hands and knees. Steve entered more gracefully a second later.
*****
“I’m suddenly feeling very patriotic,” Tony began, “but I had a little issue with the draft board. It’s just as well because I feel my talents would be better suited somewhere more specific.” He took a deep breath and rolled the dice. Leaning forward and keeping his voice low, he asked, “What are the chances you’d be able to get me into the army, specifically under the Strategic Science Reserve?”
Tony’s hips sped up as his hand squeezed just a bit tighter around his throat in a final effort to push Steve past the edge. “My beautiful boy. My perfect soldier. So strong. So worthy. Come for me,” Tony panted as he felt his balls tighten under Steve’s trembling body. “Come now!”
He was readying himself for the protests, the exclamations on how it was too much that would turn into sincere gratitude. What he wasn’t ready for was Steve, who just crossed the room, sat next to Tony and threw his arms around him in a hug. Now it was Tony who looked floored. He was so touched but unsure of what to do with the affection that he went to look to Bucky for help. He was surprised again when Bucky wrapped him in another hug from the other side.
Tony was about to say ‘fuck it’ and grab his dick, when a long, drawn out moan sounded from the bedroom. The squeaking of the bed stuttered and seconds later Bucky let out a low groan.  The following silence was disturbed only by the sounds of heavy breathing of both the lovers in the room and the two men on the couch.
When he met Bucky’s eyes, he knew he hadn’t spotted his friend either. It was odd that Steve would leave without signaling to one of them, and Tony felt a seed of worry begin to take root.
“Bucky,” he tried quietly, but the brunet wouldn’t meet his eyes. So he made his voice firmer, sounding like a parent that expected an answer. “James.”
Tony’s head snapped to the side to stare at the German scientist. He hadn’t told Erskine that little fact. He’d only said that he would have dealings with Howard later in the man’s life. “That is an unfounded accusation, Doc, and not very scientific. Where’s your proof?”
With that the doctor turned and walked out, leaving the door to close quietly in his wake.
To Steve’s surprise Bucky shook his head at this, his stubbled jaw lightly scratching against Steve’s shoulder. “No, I want to lay down. I want you to hold me like you used to.”
He loved it. The mild degradation Steve was inflicting and the desperation that Bucky was inciting served to silence almost every thought in is head while he focused on this one task: Obey, make Steve feel good.
” Tony yelled back, “
Bucky moaned again, and Steve cursed slowing his hips to draw this out. When he pulled himself free, Bucky gasped around his inhale. “Please, Tony, I need…want your mouth so bad.”
Below him, Tony could see that it only took the dazed prisoners a moment before they realized what was happening and jumped to their feet. Survival instinct kicking in as adrenaline gave them motion. Once they were standing, and he could make out their faces more clearly, Tony was shocked to see that all of the men in the cage below them were the future commandos of Steve’s team, with two missing.
Steve didn’t know why he’d thought coming to Europe could be a good thing. He supposed it was that (admittedly stupid) optimism that he had never been able to get rid of. He always had to try and hope for best. He never really wanted to consider the worst that could happen if it was something he really wanted or believed in. Sure, he got down sometimes. Doesn’t everyone? But he’d always believed that if you worked hard enough and tried to see the best in a situation then it couldn’t turn out too bad. Right?
He was desperate, very desperate. It would only make him fight harder to keep them. He could figure this out. He could save them.
They both stared at him quietly for a moment, until Bucky finally broke out with, “I can’t believe you think you’re not worth being around. I swear I’d like to find the idiots who made you think that and kick their asses.” Steve nodded, looking serious.
Tony looked at Steve while still slowly moving his hips. “You want to fuck him together, baby boy? We could fill up.”
To be fair Tony had been up for 53 hours at this point.
And then he really started moving. The squeaking of the bed grew faster and louder as their gasps and moans rose in volume and frequency. The faint sound of flesh slapping flesh echoed through the door that separated them from Tony and Steve.
” Tony sat in his workshop, speaking to someone on the monitor in front of him. He looked tired and angry. His cheek had oil smeared across it as he thrummed his fingers against the desktop in aggravation.
Bucky’s smile had faded once Sam had begun talking, but he still managed to get out, “Thanks, I guess.”
“I’m glad you’re still here, Tony.” Steve admitted softly. “I’m so thankful I’m not alone waitin’ for him to get back. At least I didn’t lose both of you.”
“That’s some fancy drawers ya got, Tony. Don’t think I’ve seen that style before.”
Tony had made a bullet proof suit with flamethrower arms to survive. Had lived with a painful hunk of metal in his chest as it slowly poisoned him, just to buy himself extra time. He’d pulled Pepper down with him because he couldn’t face his demons on his own, almost getting her killed. Later, she’d almost gone crazy worrying over him, all because he was drowning and wanted to cling to her like a life preserver.
“What happened to Ann?” Tony regretted the words as soon as they’d left his mouth. He knew what had happened, and it pissed him off that Steve had been cast away by the stupid woman.
Steve let his hands fall to his sides as the punching bag slowed its swaying and came to a stop in front of him. He needed to check in with Bucky. Steve couldn’t keep avoiding him just because he couldn’t deal with the pain Bucky’s distance brought him. He now missed both of his partners, but Bucky was still here so Steve would have to be patient and accept him for who he was, not who Steve wished he could be.
“Yes, sir. I apologize if I was in error, but as you heard, Sir ordered me to watch over and help if necessary. After monitoring your distress and the conversation that followed, I felt it pertinent to show you that Sir also believed in your ability to heal and recover.”
He truly was stranded here, unless some other outside force came to help him. He’d stared down at his hand to the now invisible brand that made him immune to magic, trapping him as neatly as if he’d been in an actual cage.
“I beg your pardon?” Monty asked, but before Bucky could explain his crappy joke, a metal door screeched open somewhere behind him.
“What other choice do we have?” Steve asked. “Just wait around to be attacked again? If it wasn’t Japan, it would have come from Europe eventually. I don’t see Hitler being satisfied with what he’s already taken.”
“Do you?” Steve responded. “Because that’s exactly the way bigoted assholes talk!”
Steve shook his head again as if to clear his thoughts away. “I ran into Joe Collins on the corner.” Tony and Bucky stiffened. “He said he couldn’t believe they’d let a fucking queer into a church, and that if I wasn’t already going to hell for being a pansy, I’d go for stepping foot in God’s house.”
Bucky started laughing, quietly at first before it grew into the full blown joy of relief. Steve soon followed.  Tony watched as most of the remaining tension in their bodies drained.
When he arrived home later that evening, he pulled Steve against him and kissed him slowly, tenderly in front of the stove where he’d been cooking, running his hands over him to remind himself that he still had this. He pulled Bucky into the living room and danced with him until dinner was ready, telling himself that he could trust in this. He smiled at them as they sat together at the table and ate their dinner. He told them about his day and the people he’d met, never voicing how unsure he was that things would work out for them.
“Thank you,” Bucky mumbled in his ear. “I couldn’t…I can’t be alone right now.”
*Chittara Battante is an Italian guitar.
Steve was already naked and sitting in a tub much larger than Bucky was used to seeing. It almost looked like it could fit all of them. He turned to see that his Daddy was already getting undressed.
I also enlightened him that just because I might not be an influential person, it didn’t mean that I don’t know several people who
“I know, sweet boy.” Tony soothed him. “I’m gonna take good care of you. This is for Steve. You wanna be good for us, don’t you sweetheart?”
He turned back to Agent Carter. “Who’s the C.O. here?”
“It was a long while ago. In a cave.” Tony was uncomfortable. He didn’t talk about this, but Steve and James had done him a kindness and were trusting him by allowing him to be in their home. He owed them as much honesty as he could give. Maybe he’d been spending too much time around Captain America.
“Very true,” Dugan said. “We were once sent out to capture a town. We took it, held it for three days before we were ordered to leave because supplies couldn’t reach us. Two weeks later we had to fight to retake the same town. We lost good men doing it, too.”
“So, we can’t know the exact time when this curse began affecting photographs and documents,” Steve muttered.
“Stop deserving it.” She countered before addressing Steve again. “You said your first memory of Tony in your time was meeting him in an alley. What happened next?”
Here it is! This was the longest and hardest chapter to write. I actually wrote an entirely different 2nd half the first time I wrote this, but I was not happy with it. At all. So, I reread the story, some of the chapters several times before I then came back and created this. Now I feel that the characterizations are more natural and make sense with what I'd established.
The light of the moon above them lit their way as they walked in near darkness.
At that, a grumpy sarcastic voice filled the room. “Well, doesn’t it just warm the depths of my heart to see our two resident brains playing nice with each other.”
Steve laughed lightly. “I was rememberin’ when we were kids. Do you remember wantin’ to go to space?”
Steve yawned widely as he closed his eyes. “You’re right. G’night, Tony.”
“We’re both so proud,” Daddy said as he lowered himself into the tub, facing them as he kneeled between their legs. “Our strong, brave boy. We missed you so much.”
The other men nodded, and Steve couldn’t find it in himself to refuse their kindness, so he accepted the almost empty canteen and took a drink. He was immediately grateful for it because he’d been thirstier than he’d realized. It wasn’t much, but it was enough to keep going.
Even though this was killing Tony, he still took a moment to memorize Steve’s face. He wanted to remember that hope, the light that still shone from eyes that marked the last of his innocence. Because Tony knew that it would soon be gone, and Steve would never look at him that way again. Tony knew it.
Not breaking the kiss, he pushed Steve down against the arm of the sofa and covered him with his body. Steve moaned against his mouth at the feel of Tony’s weight over him. His legs spread under Tony in invitation, offering and asking at the same time.
“My sexy toy,” Steve continued, grunting. “Such a slut for us.”
Steve gave a small shrug. “We think what we’ve always thought, that you’re kind and generous and want to take care of us. And we love you for it.”
So Steve is learning to adjust to Bucky's absence, and we got a taste of how Tony's interactions with Howard will be. I just wanted to show how Steve would have felt when he realized Bucky was really gone, and he would be left behind with his own uncertainty of ever being able to follow. At least this time he has Tony trying to keep his spirits up and providing encouragement.
Bucky nodded. “It was true then, and it’s true now. What should we do when we finally get him home?”
“See?” Tony asked, voice ringing with validation. “Faulty x-ray images. The machine must be malfunctioning. Maybe something is wrong with the Coolidge tubes. Have you checked?”
“Once I escaped, however, I began to question that belief. What if this man was right? Could I really risk not knowing just to hold onto my own certainty that science was all there was to this universe? Could I risk such a man acquiring even more power? No, I had to be sure, so I began to look, to see more than what my eyes and mind told me was real. I read many books, some of them so ancient that their languages have died, but I was able to learn enough.
“Ah fuck, yeah,” Steve groaned, “you gonna swallow it all when I spill down your throat, Bucky? Suck down every drop?” The muffled hum from Bucky suggested he really liked that idea. “Of course you will. You never let it go to waste do you? Even when you hold me down and lick my stomach clean. What would the other fellas think if they could see you so hungry for it?”
They made good time, but Steve could tell the men were tiring. They’d been walking for a few hours, and the sun was beginning to rise when he called a halt. He turned to the men that Bucky seemed to know best and said, “We should rest for bit. Tell the groups down the line that we’ll break for three hours. Tell them to sleep while they can but have them assign two people from each group to keep watch while they do. When we start again, those men will be able to go in the trucks and rest while we continue our march.”
“A lot of chemicals,” Tony answered. “It’s another responsibility of a top to make sure that the submissive is able to continue making lucid choices throughout the scene because sometimes these chemicals along with the intense feelings the sub is experiencing can alter their judgement.”
Tony sighed. “I do. I won’t discuss details because we are in public, and what you are working on should be protected.” Erskine’s eyes widened at that. “But I will say that what you are doing is important, and you should follow your own wisdom through what is to come. Don’t let anybody persuade you otherwise. When you believe you’ve found the right person for what you’re doing, hold onto that belief.” Tony’s throat tightened. “You won’t be disappointed.”
Enlistment centers had people lined up around the block ready to go overseas and serve. Women were signing on too. They couldn’t go into battle, but many of them felt the need to answer the call any way they could.
“So what did you do today, Tony?”
“What does that mean?” Clint asked. “You said it couldn’t be broken.”
“You’re welcome to try.” Tony knew he was outnumbered, but it shouldn’t matter too much. This guy was probably just a goon throwing his weight around while Tony had been sparring for the past few months with his Avenger teammates. Hell, before that he was training with Happy, and contrary to popular belief, Happy really could fight well for a non-powered human.
Tony made a noise about that behind him, but it didn’t matter because Steve was done. He was done being nice. He was done following their bullshit rules. He was done hoping for the best. They’d made it perfectly clear that Captain America was nothing more than a propaganda tool and didn’t care what Steve wanted or believed or how hard he’d tried. “I think I understand just fine.”
“Hickman, Lirette, Smith and Prewett,” Bucky called to the soldiers he’d gathered. They were the ones lucky enough to still be fit for duty. The others could barely walk a day’s march, much less hold a gun and fight. He continued, “Douglas, McCoy, Thomason and Hebert, I want you to make a perimeter. If you find anyone, I want them. We need to know if more are coming after us.”
Just as Steve was setting the cup back on the table, the door of the room opened, and Dr. Abrams, a man Tony had gotten to know fairly well over the past two years, walked in. When he saw that Tony was awake, his tired features morphed into a look of surprise before it was replaced with a smile that was less friendly and more professional than Tony would have liked. Especially when he was strung up like a marionet.
That sounded really nice to him, like it wasn’t something they had to be ready to take apart. This was made to fit them. Steve put the bags down and went to the door that must have led to the washroom. Tony looked in his eyes as he lifted his hands and began undoing the buttons of Bucky’s shirt.
Howard went on, “He died almost two years ago. Heart failure is what the doctors said. It’s a shame because he’ll never get to see the way the company has grown, is still growing. It’s going to bigger than he ever dreamed. He named me after his father, you know? I get my sense of legacy from him.”
Like a pack of wolves, all three simultaneously relaxed their bodies in defeat and slowly began to walk towards the street behind Tony, giving him a wide berth. They stood at the entryway and waited for their leader. At least they were loyal.
“I know, baby.” Tony sympathized as he rubbed a thumb over the back of Steve’s hand. “I know how hard it is to be separated for a long time from people you care about. It’s why I worry so much about the two of you. Being alone is painful.”
“I have a heart condition,” Steve explained. Ok, perhaps the outrage hadn’t been as internal as Tony had hoped. “I really shouldn’t have that much caffeine.”
“You should rest, too, Captain.” Morita said seriously. “We’ll need you for the rest of the march.”
Erskine outright laughed this time. “This instance didn’t really require much skill in observation, Tony.” He looked more serious as he continued. “Was it that bad, having Stark as your father?”
“Now do the steps with me while I count.” Bucky said, and Tony stepped forward. After five sets of counting to four, Bucky grinned. “You’re pretty good at this. Now let’s work on turning with the music so you don’t trot your gal off the dancefloor.”
How was he supposed to answer that when there were so many possibilities running through his head at the moment? All those damn variables filling his mind with a ceaseless stream of thought. “I…”
Just when he thought they had finished for the day, and he was pulling on his jacket to leave for a late dinner with Steve, Howard stopped him.
Tony vividly remembered the morning Steve had finally opened his eyes to look at Bucky and Tony sitting at his bedside. The sassy little punk even had the nerve to joke about how awful they looked.
None of the other repairmen he’d consulted could fix the problem, and he’d been told by all of them that buying a new industrial ice generator was inevitable, all except the last one. That guy had told him about Tony. The man had personally come to Brooklyn to find him, and offered Tony a challenge with a promise of generous payment if he could do what the others couldn’t.
He works, rebuilding and repairing tech all over the neighborhood as his reputation spreads. People exclaiming that he doesn’t just fix their things, he improves them. After Tony Stark gets his hands on something, it works better than it had when they’d bought it.
There's dancing, and Tony plays matchmaker. Three well paired couples go out and celebrate the New Year with interesting results. Tony learns a secret about the boys and admits some things to himself. He runs into some unwelcome faces, and...Well, Tony chooses violence.
Several things happened at once.
love each other. So stop acting like children who don’t know any better and remember that! I will not waste the precious time we have left together listening to this shit!”
Crap. Tony hated paperwork. “In all fairness I did sign them. I just got a little distracted and forgot to send them over to you.”
Tony reached down and removed it, tossing it in the bin before grabbing it to put it on the floor next to the bed. He wrapped an arm around Steve’s waist and pulled the blonde against him.
“Good idea,” Tony murmured at the action. As soon as Steve turned his back, Tony grabbed one of the clips for himself. His power problems for the gauntlet had just been solved.
The next to speak was a colored man holding a very large gun. “You are the luckiest unlucky son of bitch I’ve ever met, Sarge.” The man was shaking his head as if he couldn’t bring himself to say more on the subject. Steve was thankful for that because he was certain he didn’t want to hear it, not now. The pain and stress in the man’s eyes said enough.
Bucky’s eyebrows drew together in a pained expression, but he just nodded. As Tony began to carefully pull the shirt up to reveal the wound across his stomach, Steve finally spoke.
Firstly, I want to send a big thank you to KahunaBurger for taking the time to talk me through the previous problem with my end notes. It's much appreciated!
So he was surprised when Bucky put a hand under his shoulder and urged him to sit up. The confusion must have shown on his face because Bucky smiled softly, his blue-grey eyes shining as he said, “You’re sleepin’ in a bed tonight. You need to rest, and this couch ain’t made for comfort.”
“Would you like to enter, Sergeant Barnes?” JARVIS asked politely.
At that thought Steve closed his eyes as another flood of memories poured into his mind. It wasn’t as bad as when it had started. They came every ten or so minutes like waves crashing on the shore, sometimes the water reached higher than the wave before, but at least he was able to stay conscious and think around it with enough effort. The first time had been more of a tidal wave that had swept him away.
So, no, not OK. There were still so many uncertainties, so many things that could go wrong, but Tony was tired of feeling helpless. He had been through too many situations where people thought he was helpless and at their mercy. Those people had been wrong every time.
Steve including Bucky in his worry for Tony made him miss his other partner all the more strongly. Bucky should be here. Tony felt desperate with the need to hold and reassure him that he was alive and would be recovered soon. So Tony just held Steve a little tighter, ignoring his bruising and reminding himself that it was just nine more days before Bucky would return to them. Exhausted and aching from head to foot, it was all too easy to fall asleep after Tony closed his eyes.
“I’m not sayin’ this to make you feel bad, honey, but I miss you.” Bucky took a deep breath and continued. “I don’t even need my daddy right now, but I miss my honey.”
“You’re fuckin’ amazing, Buck.” Steve grunted as he pushed back in and started a rhythm, going all the way down each time. Every few thrusts he would pull back, and Bucky would suck in a breath before taking Steve all over again. It sounded wet and filthy with Bucky moaning around the dick in his mouth.
“Fuck,” Bucky groaned, “that was sexy as hell.”
Tony softly kissed the back of his neck. “How about a bath, Sweetheart?” He asked against Bucky’s ear.
Erskine chuckled. “You are very clever, Tony, more than I would expect from a repairman from Brooklyn. I would wager there’s an interesting story behind how you came to be here. You said you were originally from California?”
Yes, his Daddy always took care of him. His Daddy protected him. The feel of strong calloused hands removing his clothes and moving along his skin made him feel dizzy with want. His Daddy’s touch had conditioned this response in him, and Bucky was going to be a good boy. He was going to submit completely to whatever happened.
“Oh, I wouldn’t presume to trouble you. We all have little ‘what if’ scenarios we play in our minds, right? Besides, we had a good dose of bonding this morning over Led Zeppelin and Harry Potter. I’m sure we’ll be best bros soon enough.”
that.
Bucky looked at him almost shyly. “I think I miss your spaghetti. Bruce and Sam have made most of the meals since we got here, and when they made it, well, it wasn’t the same as I remember now.” He looked at Steve with a pinched brow. “Why don’t you cook anymore? You used to cook almost every night, or is that wrong?”
There. That should cover it.
Steve and Bucky just looked at him, questioning. Tony tried to think how best to explain.
It was the memory of worrying for Tony that had woken him tonight. Of course, Bucky now knew that the doctors had probably been correct in every injury they’d listed for Tony, only for Tony’s body to mend itself and keep him alive to fulfill the curse. He and Steve would have to tell the team about Tony’s healing abilities when they worked with them later. Bucky didn’t know if it would be important, but he figured Bruce at least should know about it.
“Wait!” Carter stopped him, “You shouldn’t be doing this; you’re a civilian. You don’t have training or an attack plan.”
“Sarge, Sarge, wake up,” Bucky slowly came around to consciousness to the feeling of someone quickly patting his cheek. As he struggled to focus and open his eyes, he was dimly aware that he recognized the voice, but he couldn’t understand why they sounded so worried. “Sarge, can you hear me? You need to wake up.”
“What are we taking everyone, now?” Dum Dum Dugan himself asked as he looked at a now freed Jim Morita.
Bucky closed his eyes and pushed the thought away. He really didn’t like this. He had no idea how to deal with any of the images and feelings he was being bombarded with. He couldn’t remember feeling anything like it before. That made it an unknown factor in his basic operations, and he knew to treat everything unknown as a threat to his survival. It was standard protocol until further analysis could be performed. It was already effecting his ability to function within normal parameters.
Tony’s jaw dropped. “How…I mean…”
Avenue to Utopia Parkway. He was just thinking of how he’d like to treat his boys out to an evening on the town with the money he made when someone crashed into him.
Steve exhaled and shook his head. “It’s alright, Thor. None of us have much to go on, but based on what you said, you’ve probably been the most helpful.” He nodded to the hole in the ceiling. “If Tony had to use his gauntlet, it was probably in defense of whoever cast the spell.”
Bucky pulled away from the blonde and pushed himself into the corner of the couch, looking down at his lap as his mind was filled with new memories from the past, but the voice in his head was louder and drowned out everything else.
“Tony, uhn, slow down. I’m gonna…”
“Defended yourself against four assholes who were lookin’ for a fight?” Bucky interrupted. “Against the same guys who have tried to make Steve’s life miserable for years?”
“Um, I think they only know the one song,” Steve said uncertainly and began wishing a hole would open and swallow him in it.
“So beautiful, Steve,” he said between heavy breaths as he moved. “Wish you could see the way you bounce on his cock. You take him so well.”
“So that was part of your plan, too,” Steve said disapprovingly but not at all surprised.
“Merry Christmas!” He called out, and they spun around to see him in the kitchen covered in flour and stirring a pot over the stove.
He released a long groan as he filled the condom, wishing again that it wasn’t there so he could claim him properly.
Steve silently nodded.
There was silence for three seconds before Tony and Bucky both started shaking with barely suppressed laughter. It wasn’t long until they finally broke and began laughing in earnest.
Since they had reunited and moved into the tower months ago, Bucky hadn’t made personal requests. Food preferences were irrelevant, as were what he watched, read, listened to and the clothes he wore. He followed requests and listened to suggestions if it suited him, but Bucky hadn’t had the capacity to begin to explore on his own what he wanted and liked.
No, he would just be a man that shares a resemblance and had most likely been dead for years. Tony could live with that as long as he got to live with Steve and Bucky after this was over. Because there was no after without Steve and Bucky. Tony knew this. If history repeated itself like it was hell bent on doing, and he lost them… Well, Tony didn’t need to be a genius to know how he would handle that.
Steve could see now that Tony was leading them to a set of tents that were assembled farther away from the rest of the camp. He could see soldiers moving between the tents and jeeps that seemed abuzz with activity. Then, between them and the tents, Steve saw a familiar feminine figure talking with one of the men.
“How did he hear about you?” Steve asked. “It’s not that I don’t know you’re brilliant because you are, but how did a colonel in the U.S. army hear about you?”
Steve gaped. “You fixed the water heater? And the radio and kitchen light?”
He slapped Steve’s ass before grabbing his hips and delivering a brutal thrust into the blonde. Steve cried out, but Tony only drew his dick out and impaled him again. And again. Steve grunting in a raw voice beneath him as Tony leaned forward and growled next to his ear.
Silent again as he set the now empty glass into the sink knowing Steve would wash it for him. Six months and Tony had never seen the man clean one dish. Not even a fork.
“Fine,” Tony agreed, “but if I lose, that means you’re paying for tonight’s date.”
Before Steve could really think about the actions of his reckless partner, Tony grabbed him again and began to sink down. They both groaned as Steve finally slid into the man above him. Instinct had Steve grab Tony’s hips again as Tony panted and moaned with every inch he took.
Steve sighed. He couldn’t do this. Bucky needed him to be strong right now. Tony needed him to be strong right now. Whining and crying over things he couldn’t do anything about would not help anyone.
Steve sighed but nodded his head conceding. “It’s not far, just a few blocks up on Middaugh.”
“Yes, that’s what I fucked,” Tony nodded seriously.
“What’s wrong there?” Tony motioned with his chin.
“I’m going to feel floaty?” Steve asked, slightly worried. How could he take care of Bucky if he was floaty too?
“Sure does,” Bucky agreed. “You outdid yourself, Stevie.”
Now Tony was lying in his bed and healing from a knife wound. God, if they’d only looked for him sooner. They could have lost him, and Steve couldn’t even be properly mad at Tony. He’d be a hypocrite. How many times had Steve gotten into a fight to protect someone else? To stand up to a bully or some jerk who wanted to throw their weight around?
Steve looked toward Howard and called out, “You sure this thing works?”
“I don’t doubt you could take care of yourself.” Steve looked a little surprised at that. Tony doubted many people had ever said that to him. “And I only called you kid because you look like you’re half my age.”
The man’s knowing eyes never faltered, but his face relaxed into a more natural smile as he clasped Tony’s hand and replied, “Abraham, formerly from Augsburg, Bavaria in Germany. Now I live just up that street.” He motioned with his head to the direction of Utopia Parkway.
Steve rubbed at his temples and said, “I don’t understand that reference. What the hell do butterflies have to do with this?”
Tony nodded. “Oh she was definitely a stuffer. I can spot a pair of falsies from across a room. She didn’t even do a good job. The left one was obviously bigger than the right. It looked like she’d gotten stung by a bee or something.”
He only had to exist without mass to do it. That got his mind going through quantum physics equations as he walked through the boroughs of New York.
“We jumped out of a plane for you!” Tony said petulantly, but Steve could tell both Tony and Bucky were amused by this conversation. “I jumped out of a plane that wasn’t even on fire! This is my thanks? I’ve spent years watching out for you brats! The stress alone could kill me!”
“Morning, Buck,” he said through a yawn. “Morning, Tony. Ya sleep alright?” He moved to the stove to get the egg James had left for him and snatch a piece of toast.
Tony dodged a punch then landed one of his own. Another of Joe’s made contact and knocked his head back. Bucky saw red when he saw Joe pull out a knife before his stomach quickly plummeted as the knife slashed across Tony’s front. He and Steve both launched forward a few steps before Tony quickly got the knife away from Joe and tossed it to the side.
“Tony!” Steve gasped blindly as he heard the familiar drawl of his friend’s voice and saw the blurry image of him approaching in an alleyway.
A flash of light pulsed from Umar.
Suddenly, Steve’s fingers were gone, and Bucky pulled back so that only the tip of his dick still remained in Tony’s mouth.
“The shirt stays on!” He snapped, instantly regretting it when they both flinched. He took a deep breath and tried to explain. “It’s…I have a lot of scarring. I don’t let people see it. Trust me, you don’t want to.”
“Let’s find out which. Do you know anyone who can squeeze metal until it breaks?” Tony asked, arching an eyebrow as he thought of several shattered doorknobs.
Steve picked up a clip filled with the strange blue light that now looked far too familiar to Tony. “What the hell?” Steve whispered as he held it before putting it in one of his pockets.
“But I don’t need councilmen, or policemen, or businessmen, or a landlord who would happily throw your ass out on the street once your wife left you. I am a genius with an IQ higher than you could probably count to.” Tony quietly raged, “And I want you gone. Now, out of our lives, out of our building, out of this city or I promise you will not live to regret it.  It would be only too easy for me to get rid of you.
And Tony was their slut. He was everything they’d need him to be. He loved them so much. So, so much, and this felt so good. He could feel his body tingling from his scalp to the tips of his fingers and toes, even his lips.
Steve watched as the other men looked over to where Tony sat again. Tony was taking apart one of the new German weapons he’d picked up from another soldier during the march. Steve could see his intelligent eyes going over every detail of the weapon as he studied it. His lips moving silently as he talked to himself.
At least it came with a captain’s salary. Steve had been floored when he’d been signing the paperwork that they’d given him and seen the amount he would be receiving. Luckily, Tony had offered to invest it along with what he’d been getting from Bucky. Steve didn’t really understand investments and stocks, but he was positive that Tony did. Who knew, maybe it would work, and they’d come out of the war with a nice savings.
to leave?” Steve asked in disbelief. “Because you said you knew a secret about him? How does that even work?”
“Good night, boys. Love you.” He whispered into the darkness, finally getting to say what he felt.
the wet sounds of Bucky sucking Steve off. The word Deepthroating ran through his mind at the sound.
“This is either to keep someone in, or to keep people out,” Steve whispered.
Of course, safe was a relative term. Bucky never fully let his guard down around anyone, even Steve. It wasn’t because he believed that any of the Avengers would try to do something to him, it was the threat of his former owners. Hydra was not gone. The remaining number of them were still out there, and he would be a fucking idiot if he doubted that they would want their asset returned to them.
Then Bucky would worry about Tony for obvious reasons, and fuck, wasn’t that a pain in the ass? This had been the first relationship he’d had where he was stable and dependable. He figured he was still dependable, but he grudgingly admitted that he was about as stable as a one legged man jumping on a three legged table.
“No problem at all, Captain Rogers. Sgt. Barnes.” JARVIS answered before continuing. If it was possible, he almost sounded hesitant. “I hope that I am not overstepping my bounds, Sgt. Barnes, but I am gratified to see that you are doing better.”
“Fuck, I wanna destroy you.” Tony growled as he removed his probing fingers. He hitched Steve’s slender legs up around narrow hips, and Steve shivered at the idea of finally getting what he wanted. Tony’s arms wrapped around Steve’s back, and he yelped in surprise when Tony lifted him into his lap then began to rise off the couch. Steve clamped his naked body around Tony’s to help hold himself up.
“I, uh…No, thank you.” Tony inhaled deeply. “Could you tell me where I am, exactly? What city?”
“And we heard yours for days, Sarge,” Dugan said with anger and guilt in his voice. “You lasted longer than any of the others.”
“Status report, gentlemen,” the older man said. All sarcasm had left his voice. “And it better be good news. I’ve got idiot senators breathing down my neck wanting answers, and it’s giving me a rash.”
He looked down at his almost empty plate before looking back at Steve. “It was really good.” It was soft and almost mumbled in a pathetic kind of way that Bucky hated himself for. He was like an abused dog who was now afraid to bark for fear of getting beaten. Forcing himself to do better, he raised his voice and volunteered, “It tasted just like I remembered, thank you.”
“Shit, you mean that’s Stark?” Sam cursed, “I thought he couldn’t change the timeline?”
Bucky shuddered at the words.
“I know that you little shit! Which is why I didn’t get a sandwich.”
Tony crawled up behind Steve. The blonde was so busy concentrating on what he was doing to Bucky that he jerked a little in surprise when Tony spread him open, that cute little ass fit perfectly under his hands as he squeezed the soft flesh. Tony leaned forward and kissed softly at Steve’s rim, his tongue leaving his mouth to give the puckered ring teasing licks.
He got up and hurried off to the kitchen, trying to shake off the serious tone that things had taken. How they had gone from a simple opening of presents to that mushy display, he didn’t know. It seemed to be a normal occurrence around the younger men.
When Steve was sure he was satisfied, he filled a glass for himself and drained it. He got back up to return the used glasses and pitcher to dresser and brought back two damp towels. He really had planned everything. He wiped at Bucky’s sweaty skin, before he used the other towel to clean Tony’s face. He then gently wiped off the mess on his stomach and between his legs.
As Bucky thought on that, he realized Steve was right. Why did he find Barton so annoying, then? They were both loyal, spoke before thinking, didn’t take most things too seriously and came from nothing before becoming very skilled at fighting. They’d both risen high in their fields while still embracing something that made them different. Bucky supposed that Barton was a bit more immature, though. At least, most of the time.
Thankfully, before anything worse could be yelled at him, the music began again as the girls from the group began hurrying onto the stage. Steve saw a few of them smile encouragingly at him as they passed, giving him their permission to leave while they tried to calm the angry men. He would be forever grateful to them for that.
The three of them traded comments on the other couples for a little while until Louise said she was going to powder her nose.
“That’s not what I meant,” Tony assured him, and he could see that most of the men weren’t even bothering to pretend to pack anymore. He couldn’t blame them. This had to be way more interesting than that. “It’s for security.”
“Then let me take care of you,” he whispered as he reached up to loop his arms around Steve’s neck and began a kiss. His lips slowly moved along Steve’s as he gave the other man time to relax. He gently sucked on his bottom lip and ran his teeth lightly over the flesh before he began making his way down to Steve’s throat.
It was Tony’s turn to be uncertain. “I’ve interrupted your lives and taken over half of your home. I know I’m not the easiest person to live with, to be around. I’m pretty sure I have that in writing somewhere.”
The knife came back in another vicious slicing arc, but he instinctively pushed out his arms, crossed at the wrists to deflect then disarm.
“That sounds great, thank you,” he answered as he slid his arms into the slightly less wrinkled  dress shirt to cover the undershirt he’d slept in.
He spent about four bucks at the market. He was given a large box to carry his purchases. Tony couldn’t believe how low the prices were and how much food he’d gotten for
He almost wanted to yell for someone to drop the needle so he could celebrate with a victory dance. Mr. Akerman had been ecstatic and had been true to his word when he handed Tony seventy-five dollars. Tony didn’t feel even a little bad as he accepted the cash because he’d just saved the man a small fortune, and they both knew it.
“Thanks, guys,” he softly answered. “We’ll know soon enough, I guess.”
“Absolutely, Cap,” Clint said with a lumpy half-formed meatball in his hand, “we’ll get this fixed in no time. Strange has to resurface soon, right?”
Steve? That’s when the other body beside him moved, and Bucky could see Steve’s face looking down at him. His eyes were clear, and his new stronger features were somehow softened.
With his throat still stretched back, he gasped out the word they’d agreed on. “Dodgers.”
Steve defended their missing partner. “It was a rough start, but he learned really fast, like everything with Tony, I suppose. But Bucky’s right, it’s almost our third December with him.” Steve turned to look at him. “I wonder what gift we’re going to get him this year. More Asimov?”
“You should sleep, Barnes.” Dugan grumbled across from him. “It’ll be your watch before ya know it.”
“Yeah, fine. Too much coffee, maybe.” He gave a self-depreciating chuckle. “You almost ready to head home?”
“Don’t insult yourself, or you’ll get another,” Tony teased, enjoying the blush that spread on Steve’s cheeks. It was giving him all sorts of ideas, and he reminded himself to wait for after the date.
“Sounds like a plan.” Tony answered without a trace of derision in his voice. “I’ll take the right side, and you’ll take the left with Steve in the middle?”
followed by Collins and his guys. We hurried over to help, but when we saw you fighting…we just froze in shock.”
“That’s a very enlightened philosophy, Tony.” Erskine leaned back and watched him. “But how do you know that doesn’t make me a Nazi? I could be a spy.”
When she was gone again, Tony looked at them. Letting his cool façade slip a little, he voiced his growing anxiety. “I hope this isn’t too much. I know it’s different than what you’re used to, and I’m trying hard not to go overboard. I just wanted to take you out and show you something new. I want you to enjoy yourselves.”
Tony listened and heard a low groan. They shared a look before cautiously moving into the room.
Steve chuckled, “That’s because I was usually too stubborn to listen.”
Steve moaned between choked breaths. “Yes, sir… Use me…I can…I can, aahh…”
Bucky nodded in agreement and hesitantly asked, “Is your chest alright? We’ve seen you rubbing it sometimes. You don’t even seem to notice you do it.”
“That’s it, sweetheart. You just enjoy this. Daddy and Steve are going to take you away from everything.” Bearded lips said beside his ear, brushing his skin.
“I promise that you’ll never lose me,” Tony told him, “and I think Bucky would say the same.” It was low of Tony to make such a promise for Bucky when Tony knew what had happened to him the first time, but he had to.
Steve smiled and grabbed the lock. Tony watched as it crumpled in Steve’s hand like aluminum foil. “Ready?”
Tony tried to steady his breathing through his nose, the rhythm of his lungs was too fast and too shallow. He’d hyperventilate if he didn’t get control of this soon. The moments passed as he continued to drag the air in and out, each breath a little slower than the last. He could hear the sounds of the city around him. He was outside, no longer in the sanctum, but the sounds that met his ears registered as wrong.
The second part of the story was really a gift to myself. I needed some team bonding fluff. Besides, I wouldn't write Steve having the team help make a meal and not show their dinner conversation.
But he just nodded, “Three months.”
“It kinda is,” Steve said easily, his nails lightly scraping across Tony’s scalp in their movement.
Head hanging upside down, Tony obeyed as Bucky got up and walked over to stand above him.
to either of them. That would be bad.
“Basically, I proved that point by telling him the things that I know, and that I could
Tony just looked into Steve eyes. “Steve, just jump as far as you can, don’t think about it.”
“Son of a bitch!” Tony exclaimed by the end of the game. “Five points! You beat me by five points, Rogers, and this time I know you didn’t cheat! And you’re drunk!”
“That was kinda slutty of you, Cap. How much did you charge?” Clint teased. “Oww! Dammit Tasha!”
“Why, baby?” Bucky’s voice was liquid and smoky at the same time. “Why’d you stop her from getting’ her hands on this beautiful prick? I would understand. It’s so perfect.”
Bucky shook his head. “O’course not.”
Jesus, Mary and Joseph, his whole body hurt. Bucky kept waiting to get used to it, but the truth was that there was no getting used to it. Each day they were pushed harder than the last, ran an extra mile, did more pushups, crawled through the mud with a heavier burden. He knew this was necessary. If Bucky stood a chance of keeping his promise to survive the war and come home to Tony and Steve, he needed to know he could handle it when things got tough. He needed to remember that this was nothing compared to what he would go through when he finally shipped out to fight.
“Same game,” Tony replied after a drink of his wine. “I’m gonna beat you, Rogers. So help me God, you can’t win them all.”
“Pretty well, actually.” Steve answered, looking slightly confused. “They said they were glad she’d gotten to play and could make it up to them later. I just got out of there as fast as I could without being too rude.”
“You don’t have a place, yet?” Steve asked. “Didn’t you get a room when you got to the city?”
The title for this chapter is obviously from Coldplay's Fix You. There are two reasons. Firstly,the lights mentioned are a callback to chapter three where Tony calls the boys two sources of light. Second, like all the titles it references an important moment for Tony in the chapter. He is still not in a good place, but we know that our boys won't let him stay that way for long. I swear I can hear that song playing in the background during part of this chapter.
Their sudden intakes of breath were followed by heavy silence, and he couldn’t bring himself to look at their faces so he stared up at the ceiling.
Steve’s voice came from beyond the door. “If you’re with the hotel, I’m sorry, but I don’t want to be disturbed.”
Had Tony said that last part out loud?
“Tony,” Steve’s voice was off. Shock and something else changed his normal tone. “You…I can’t believe you did that. You…”
Steve sighed, “Don’t get me started on that. His reasoning had sounded believable at time. Phillips had wanted to keep the name Stark out of reports and the news because of Howard, but now I know that Tony probably encouraged it to keep his name out of history. I don’t know if it was Phillips’ idea, but it probably was because I can’t imagine how Tony would have talked him into it on his own. Colonel Phillips only cared about what would make things go more smoothly for the SSR. He wasn’t one to hand out favors.”
He couldn’t imagine not seeing his sweetheart everyday for weeks on end, not hearing his laugh or sexy drawl. He and Steve would take Bucky apart, worshipping and dominating him in equal measure before they had to give him up to the army.
“Wow,” James said, impressed. “Wouldn’t have pegged you as a fighter.” His eyes raked over Tony’s suit again.
“Everything.” Steve told him sincerely. “Everything that Hydra had to do to you proves it. If you’d lost your soul, why would they continue to wipe your memories? It’s because they knew that you were still in there and would never choose to do the things they made you do. You told me that you didn’t know why you pulled me from the river, but you did it. You had just been wiped. If you didn’t have a soul, you would have let me die. Even before then, you would have killed me on the heli-carrier when I told you to finish it.
He felt something collide with his side, and he somehow knew it was Bucky even before he felt a metal hand squeeze at his arm for support.
James was the one who answered the door looking freshly showered and wearing his signature white tank and a pair of clean, but worn, trousers. “Tony! Thank God, we were worried as hell.” He moved aside to let Tony pass into the apartment.
Project Rebirth had been a success, but almost everything else about the day had been a disaster. The serum was destroyed, and Dr. Erskine was dead. Tony mourned the loss of his friend and confidant. He’d tried to warn the man despite knowing he shouldn’t. He’d tried, but it was useless. Abraham had just held up a hand and said, “No, Tony, I cannot hear it. No.”
They came upon an older looking apartment building. Tony was not feeling the love as they walked up flights of poorly lit stairs. The wooden floors were scuffed and the paint was slightly peeling on the walls. When they finally reached Steve’s floor, they turned down the corridor. They stopped at the second door.
“It’s a surprise. Just put on something nice that makes you look sexy.” Tony winked.
“I had something more practical in mind.” Tony said as he finished closing his pack. If she hadn’t followed, Tony would have found a way to borrow a plane and fly them there himself. They could bill him for the plane later.
Erskine smirked. “I told you I’ve learned a great deal about what people say, how they act when they are trying not to say something, and what they are saying when they say nothing. So, Howard Stark. If I am to get you into this project, I need to know if you can handle being around the man.”
Tony chuckled as he leaned forward and kissed Steve lightly. “Well, yeah. Like you said, Steve, it’s been months. I wouldn’t have pushed the issue if you weren’t in the mood, but,” he said as he pushed back again, and Steve could feel himself at Tony’s opening once more, “you definitely seem to be in the mood.”
“Oh, I’m good.” He quickly assured him. “Just not used to dancing anymore.”
“I am an independent businessman under contract to this hospital, not one of its employees,” Tony cut him off, getting angry at the man’s words. “Even if I were an employee, that in no way would give you the legal authority to ignore my wishes and violate the rights I have as a patient.”
“You make me smile, too, Buck.” Steve told him.
“Believe me, Steve,” Tony said, breaking his own rule and showing how stressed he was with that slip, “I am not worried about myself.”
Philips stared him down for a full ten seconds before he turned to Erskine. “Well, it looks like you didn’t waste my time after all, Doctor.” He huffed as he walked away and called back, “I may even let him keep the beard.”
Having those words thrown at him so suddenly had left Tony’s mind careening to the past as he’d struggled to separate the Howard from his childhood and the younger version in front of him. He’d stammered, “I-I…what?”
The men around him echoed that sentiment and their thanks, and Steve began to wonder what really would happen when they returned. He looked at Bucky and saw him looking back, and Steve realized he didn’t care what happened. Whatever it was, it would be worth it. Bucky and all these men were free. That was what mattered.
He was dressed in a tux and freaking top hat. He sauntered across the stage, handing his hat to one of the girls who kissed him before giving him a microphone. Tony was grudgingly reminded of himself before Howard launched into his spiel about how very soon cars wouldn’t even need to touch the ground.
Tony struggled to obey. He worked to keep his tongue firm enough so that Steve could rub against him just right, but Bucky was currently driving him insane. As Steve lazily rode his face, Bucky was teasing him mercilessly, mostly sticking to the outer edges of where Tony really wanted him. When he would finally pay attention to his hole, it was all too brief for Tony.
They broke apart panting.
Even as he said it, Tony knew he was dooming both Steve and himself, but he was also saving Bucky, for a time at least. “I wish I could believe in destiny like you do.” He offered, trying to hide his pain. “I just see it as a thief coming to take the people I love.”
Steve laughed as he peeled potatoes at the kitchen table. “That has to be lousiest made up reason to get me to bake a pie I’ve ever heard.”
Steve perked up at that. “Really? It actually worked?”
“A few, actually,” Tony told them. “I’m more partial to the term triad but that’s just because I’ve grown used to it. More people are now using the term throuple. Really though, I’m good with either because they both mean the same. We are in a polyamorous relationship, in which we are all equal and all together.”
“He’s been helping me since the project,” Steve cut him off. They didn’t have time for this. Tony wasn’t the issue here. “Sir, I need the casualty list from Azzano.”
Tony needed to think. To find a solution. Because this was bad. He was apparently stranded in the past with no idea how to get home, no teammates to help, nowhere to go and no money. His eyes widened.
“Yes!” Steve gasped. “I want your mouth, Buck. I wanna come down your throat, be inside you.”
Dugan tipped up the brim of his hat to look at him. “I think you’ve got me confused with your mother, Jones.”
Bucky nodded happily at the thought. A warm bath was something he hadn’t had in months, since he’d left for war really, and it was usually part of the pampering Tony and Steve gave him on special occasions. As Tony and Steve pulled away, Bucky saw something pass between the two of them like an unspoken agreement, but he figured he’d learn about it soon enough.
Clint cleared his throat. It was one of those rare times when he let the mask of being a loud-mouthed asshole fall away. “I know what it’s like to be forced to do things you weren’t in control of, to be responsible for good people getting hurt and dying. I know it’s not as easy as hearing it wasn’t your fault, even if you know somehow that it’s true. Just remember the person you
Third, even if they were gayer than a glitter covered dance team at a pride parade, neither would ever be interested in Tony. The two soldiers were heroes, even off the battlefield. They had old fashioned moral compasses and possessed the courage of their convictions. They were loyal and honest and spent time volunteering at shelters, assisted living facilities and the local VA.
**Steve’s POV**
The guy had lived in Bucky’s neighborhood, and they’d known each other since school. He was part of the minority of people in Brooklyn whose family was the right shade of white, at least according to him, and wasn’t Irish, Italian or Jewish. Bucky had never liked the racist asshole. In fact, he’d once busted the guy’s mouth open for going after Steve in high school. It had done nothing to bring them closer.
Bucky shook his head. “I still don’t understand how they could have made such a big mistake. I mean, all the horrible things they said were wrong with you when Steve called me, and none of them turned out to be true. Then, they didn’t want to admit it and let you leave.”
The last week of October brought with it a deep chill from the north. People on the streets breathed out little puffs of clouds, and Tony was repairing a lot of radiators and furnaces.
He remembered what Abrams said about his heart, how it had never faltered and strongly kept pumping despite all of his injuries, a few of which were deadly if not life threatening. His heart had never slowed. Tony briefly wondered what it would take to make it stop.
It could tell him to stop maintenance, and Stark would not be angry. It found that hard to understand. But Stark said this was alright maintenance. Alright maintenance was only performed if it allowed. Then it understood. Alright was giving it a choice. Alright was without pain, fear and confusion, and it could choose.
This continued for several more minutes, and Tony actually began to slowly lose himself. The need to focus on what Bucky’s mouth was doing made him feel every sensation more intensely. The task of replicating it on Steve drove all other thought from his mind.
“It’s fine,” Tony waved it off. “Trust me, I’ve actually been screwed over worse than that by a business partner.” Obie’s face swam through his mind at the thought. “But, um, do you know of a shelter or anything I could stay at? At least until I sort through this mess?”
Phillips eyebrows rose at that. “Fluently?” Tony nodded. “Which ones?”
“And I’m glad you liked it,” Tony assured him, “but I still shouldn’t have done that without your consent. Impact play, however light, should be discussed before it happens, even if you just yell out ‘smack my ass’ during random sex between strangers.”
Bruce smiled. “It’s a shame so many people think the worst of him because of what the media has done to his reputation. Tony’s far from perfect, but he cares more than he lets show.”
Despite his heavy breathing, Tony’s voice was nothing but calm menace, “What did I say would happen if you went after Steve again?” Joe gasped, his fingers struggling to pry Tony’s hand away, so Tony leaned down harder on his chest. “I believe I promised to break more than just your arm.”
Bucky knew Tony could be rude, but he was never like that to them in his memories. But then he had to remind himself that it wasn’t the same Tony. That was the Tony who performed for other people when he felt stressed or vulnerable. Bucky missed his Tony. His Tony was so sweet and loving and gentle, and Bucky ached with the need to have him here. It was selfish because he had Steve, and his partner was doing so much to take care of him, but he felt like it wouldn’t be enough without Tony there, too.
“Stevie,” he looked over to Bucky who was looking at him encouragingly, “It’s fine, doll. Tell him what we talked about this mornin’.”
Hoping that Steve had just decided to walk his date home early, the two of them obliged and held there arms out for the girls to take. It wasn’t a long walk, just three blocks. They each kissed their date softly on the cheek and bid them good night and happy new year.
Tony winked.
Steve groaned as Tony pushed the digit into him, and he pushed back against it. Tony pulled the finger back then moved in again. “Time to use your fingers, baby boy.” Tony told him as his own continued its thrusting, slowly gaining momentum. “Get him nice and open for me, and I’ll let you sit on his dick.”
“Dammit,” Tony sniffed again, “that made me both very happy and very sad at the same time.”
As he began to drift asleep, the thoughts swirled behind his eyelids, the cave with Yinsen, Pepper. God, he was a fuck up, and now he was clinging to Steve and Bucky. If he had any kind of conscience, he’d leave before he ruined them too. They were destined to be heroes. If Tony stayed, he’d corrupt them. Could Captain America exist if Steve Rogers had first been tainted by Tony Stark?
“I’m sorry for pushing the both of you away,” he told them, knowing the shame was clear in his voice. “You deserve better than that.”
Later, after a quick lukewarm shower, they all were sitting in the living area. James was in the armchair listening to the radio and darning a few pairs of socks. Tony was on the couch reading a paper he’d bought, trying to catch up on what was happening in this time.
“No objections.” He repeated. “Do you know how long it took me to wrap those? For like, ever. I’d never wrapped a present in my life, which is also why it looks like they were done by a blind gorilla. Just please, open them?”
The A.I.’s voice answered softly, “Of course, Sergeant.”
“Holy Shit.” Steve whispered watching Bucky’s reaction to the spanking.
“Tony,” Steve coughed, looking confused. “What is all this?”
*****
A second bottle of wine was soon opened, and conversation began to pick up. Tony told them about his day and some of its funnier moments. Bucky and Steve told him about their little misadventure to get the wine, and how Bucky had talked his way into getting two more bottles than the guy originally offered.
Bucky shook his head. “No, you were thinking of me before when you looked worried. Then, you started smiling when you thought of Tony.” Like Steve said, Bucky was very observant.
She moaned again as the bed continued to squeak softly.
pezzo di merda- piece of shit
Gianetta walked in at that moment, the familiar and warm smile on her face upon seeing them. “How are my favorite guests?”
“And he believed that?” Bucky asked, shock and doubt warring on his face.
Bucky finally stopped fighting his memories! My poor baby, at least things are a little better for him. Now he just needs Tony and he can be home again.
“I think we’re the assholes.” Steve said. “You did all of this for us, and we didn’t even think that we should do something for Christmas. We just never really have since we’ve been on our own.”
They stayed silent as he slowly pulled himself back together but kept their hands on his arm and shoulder, anchoring him. Well this was just perfect. He’d slept fine every night he’d been here only to lose it when they were there to see him in all his lame-ass glory. Wonderful.
Bucky back just as he had been. That had been a fantasy doomed to never come true.
Clint huffed a laugh and gave him a rueful smile. “Don’t worry about it. That was a dick move on my part. I’m just happy you have perfect aim.”
This time as he twisted in, he curled his fingers up in search of the spot that would make Bucky see stars. He soon found it. The pads of his fingers brushed that sensitive bundle of nerves inside him, and Bucky muffled a cry as his hips jumped. Tony pulled back before moving forward to press it again.
“When,” Bucky cleared his throat from the emotions rising in him, “when did that conversation happen?”
Tony finally entered the apartment to a different scene than the night before. Steve and Bucky were together on the couch and looked ecstatic. “Tony!” They both called out before jumping up and sandwiching him between them in a hug.
They ended up opening another bottle of wine with their dessert, which was absolutely delicious, before finally settling down in the living area. Each sat on the floor around the coffee table nursing their drinks. They had played a couple games of Gin Rummy which were made more entertaining by the buzzes they were nursing.
The day passed by smoothly, and he was able to catch up on the jobs he’d had to delay. Apologizing repeatedly to his customers that he wasn’t able to get to them sooner and thanking them for waiting for him to get to it and not go to someone else for their repairs.
“Anything.” He said instantly. “Anything with parts. Cars, watches, cameras…If it has wires or gears, I can build or fix it.”
“Um, thanks,” Bucky said because this was a shit situation, his head was pounding, and the man was talking like they were enjoying high tea. “I’m Sergeant James Barnes, and you are?”
Bucky pulled off him with a gasp then moaned. “It feels so good. Love being full, Stevie. Love, ahh…” he groaned as Tony snapped his hips forward into his prostate again, taking advantage of Bucky’s empty mouth. He did it again and again, pulling sweet sounds from the man. “Tony, yes!” he panted, “Harder. Fuck me harder.” Before taking Steve in his mouth again.
“Yes,” he sighed, “that was amazing, baby.”
He stopped by the corner grocery to pick up a few apples and some sugar. Steve had a recipe from his mother that made the best damn pie Tony had ever tasted, and he was going to beg or bribe Steve to make it again for him. Tony smirked, his internal voice sounding dirty at the thought of
Time marches on. The lives of the boys pass through the changing of the seasons, but a deadline is fast approaching. What will Tony do when he realizes that he is about to lose everything? Destiny is about to cut the ties that bind.
“Man, I hate walking at night,” Gabe Jones, a man from a colored company they’d run into and allowed to join their march, said from a few feet away. Bucky had liked the guy almost immediately after meeting him. He was smart and funny as well as practical, and guy gave as good as he got.
Steve had the strangest feeling that whatever he was about to be told would change everything for him.
“Good,” Steve murmured as he pushed back to Tony’s face, his hand still pulling at Tony’s hair. His center found Tony’s mouth, and he obediently went to work.
Tony realized that he was living a historic moment. Most of the country had probably grinded to a halt and was listening with bated breath for the summation of this speech and the decision of Congress. He realized that most of the world was probably also listening in, waiting to see if America would join the fray and push back. They were the only superpower not on the board at this point besides Russia, and they would join shortly after the U.S. did if he remembered correctly.
She giggled, a soft feminine sound, though she looked a little nervous after a moment. “Shameless, perhaps, but still charming. I'm surprised you don't find yourself with more friends. You came here from California?”
“This really was excellent, Steve.” Bruce said in that soft, pleasant way of his. Bucky hadn’t spent much time with him (or any of them for that matter), but the scientist had always been nice to Bucky.
“Oh, it did, and I know your forged documents couldn’t have been cheap, they were well done.” Phillips continued, “Why you needed a false identity is another matter, along with why on God’s green earth you chose the last name of Stark. It isn’t low profile.”
Tony had finally explained to Bucky why he liked the things he liked and had accepted him with an open heart. Steve remembered the love that had filled his chest when he saw how Tony’s words had helped remove the shame from Bucky’s eyes. It was something Steve had never been able to do for him. They’d talked about a lot of things that night.
“Yep,” Tony said, trying to smile at Steve, but his voice was still not quite right. “You’re going to the future.”
Morita just looked floored. “So, I get to keep my money?”
After a few seconds, he shrugged and kept walking. It didn’t really matter yet. The only thing he was consulting Erskine on at the moment was his list of reason’s coffee was better than tea. He used to have very similar consultations with Bruce at the tower, and that thought made him miss his fellow scientist and friend in the future.
“What do we do?” He asked softly so his voice wouldn’t carry to the bedroom.
“I don’t need muffins Tony. Just get me those applications by three o’clock.”
“Tony,” Steve’s voice pulled him from his thoughts. “Can I talk to you about somethin’?”
Tony knew the exact moment when Steve’s tongue made contact with Bucky. The gorgeous brunet moaned softly and shifted back against Steve’s face, already wanting more. Tony almost wished he could sit back and watch, telling Steve how he wanted Bucky to get off, but that wasn’t the point of this.
Bucky looked down at his own and sighed. Yes, he liked being full, and he really liked bacon and waffles. As he saw the others begin to ready themselves to leave, Bucky remembered something he’d wanted to do last night.
Their little living space became a dance floor as they moved in time to the music, their eyes never leaving each other. Tony felt a small pang of loss when the song ended but hid it behind his smile.
When Tony had finally returned to the secret base in Brooklyn, he’d been a little surprised at the welcome he received. He knew many of the soldiers stationed there, if not well at least casually. From the first time he’d gone there, Tony had tried to be friendly and helpful to everyone, except Howard, as a way to make himself indispensable. They all greeted him with smiles, saying they were glad he had recovered and was back.
Bucky looked over to Steve. “After Sarah died, it was so easy to leave. It was a
“Thanks,” the blonde answered gripping his shield. “This is going to work. Right, Tony?”
“My contract states that any medical services provided to the above mentioned parties, in which I am one of the parties, would be covered by this hospital in full. If you attempt to breach that contract, I would be within full rights to sue this facility.” Tony breathed, feeling an ache in his ribs that reminded him that they were still sore, but he ignored it. “So, I will say this one more time. Remove this fucking plaster and draw up the paperwork to release me. I am going home.”
“You can’t give me orders!”
As Tony brought the hand-rolled cig to his lips, Bucky watched, captivated. Even in almost stillness, Tony radiated a sexy sophistication that most people could never pull off. Yes, Bucky could be charming, but Tony could be smooth and suave just sitting on a barstool. That beard just added to his attractiveness. Instead of looking rough or low-class, Tony was rugged and mysterious. Almost dangerous. Yeah, Bucky really liked that beard.
Hours later Tony was walking back to Brooklyn Heights, wondering at how his life had brought him here and thinking about how screwed he was.
“Are you kidding? I practically live here,” Bucky said, not missing a beat. “The service ain’t what it used to be, though.”
They kept refilling their glasses.
Tony was one hundred percent sure that Gianetta knew about them. He still flirted shamelessly with her. Sometimes Bucky would too. She was very pretty and just as kind. All three of them adored her.
“It’s funny sometimes the things we
The other men in the tent nodded their heads and murmured in agreement.
“Well, where we’re going if anyone yells at me, I can just shoot ‘em.” Steve answered easily.
“Yes, Bucky.” Apparently, he still had the capacity for sass.
He finally pulled out and collapsed next to his two loves, his everything.
“He’ll get here.” Bucky said, probably reassuring them both. “We’ll get him back, and the three of us can be the tragic mess we were meant to be.”
“Geez, Buck, ya can’t wait five minutes?” Steve said in obvious mock disapproval.
Steve watched as Tony looked up from his book. He wasn’t sure how Tony would react to his news. He was already worried about Tony since Bucky had left the previous day.
Yesterday Bucky would have grunted and said something like “It’s fine.”, but today he felt that Steve deserved a better answer than that. For fuck’s sake he had made this whole damn meal from scratch just for Bucky.
“That’s because I am, Tony! You don’t have to be a genius to figure that out. Just like you don’t have to be a genius to sign those patent applications I gave you. You promised to have them to me by this morning.”
Slowly, Bucky wrapped his hand around his member and squeezed as he gave himself a long stroke up to the tip. He felt the small amount of fluid that rubbed onto his fingers as he moved his foreskin away from the sensitive head. He thumbed at the slit and thought of Tony’s tongue doing something very similar, and his breath hitched. As he moved his hand back down to continue stroking himself, he thought of Steve’s hot breath against his neck as his hips continued their movements, creating the slapping sound of their skin.
“We’re going out.” Bucky said as he entered the room. He was buttoning up a dress shirt and his hair was slicked back and styled. He looked delicious, and Tony instantly wanted to wreck him. Just then, Bucky’s words finally cut through the lust that Tony was feeling, and he was pulled up short.
Steve had been struggling with his recent feelings for the genius before this morning, and now he clearly remembered having Tony join the two of them in a relationship over seventy years ago. Those memories were the hardest, having to remember what he and Bucky had been and how affectionate his best friend and lover could be. The way Bucky would lower his walls and trust Steve to take care of him almost made him want to scream when he thought of how he was now, blank and cold.
“Hell yeah, man,” Sam said across from them. Clint, whose mouth was still too stuffed with pasta to say anything, just nodded his head emphatically while giving a big thumbs up.
, and Tony couldn’t stand the thought that his act hadn’t fooled them at all, and they had worried because of it. It was the very thing he’d been trying to prevent.
Tony watched as Steve’s head fell forward and bounced limply with every thrust Tony made, unable to finish his sentences.
“I’m alright, sweetie,” Tony assured him. “I had to get better for when you got back. Steve and I have big plans for your homecoming.”
He was numb to their echoing cries in the onslaught. Each time his bullet found its mark, he would empty the chamber and fire again. The men he hit did not get up. Breath steady, even as his pulse raced, he continued until the last few men had retreated into the trees, going back the way they’d came.
As Tony entered the door to a second, side entrance of the center, Tony was having minimal success trying to control his nerves. What if they don’t meet? What if something goes wrong? What if…
“Did something happen today? Are you upset with me?” Tony asked, not knowing what could have caused such a difference in them over the course of the day.
“A day?” Tony asked confused.
“It was just something I remembered.” Bucky said uncomfortably at the island counter where he sat across from Steve.
Erskine chuckled. “You are my proof, Tony. The only proof I need is how you react every time I mention him.”
Bucky looked like he couldn’t believe him, so Tony continued. “Do you remember what I said before we started. I promised you that I wouldn’t judge you for what you like during sex. I love everything about you. You are so sweet and kind and perfect, and I never want you to think otherwise. I told you long ago that I don’t care what other people consider is normal. I want you and Steve, and I will do anything to make you happy. You two are my world.”
The plane felt like little more than a bucket of bolts to Tony, but he didn’t care. They were on their way. He had already secured his parachute and was helping Steve with his own as he talked the other man through how to properly use it. He was also silently grateful that this Steve hadn’t yet developed his future habit of jumping from planes without one.
Bucky was charming, playful and mischievous with lean muscles, a strong jaw, thick hair and eyes like an arctic ocean.
“It’s going to be our third Christmas with him soon. I mean in our latest memories,” Bucky added. “It was Tony that made our Christmases something special in the first place. Every year he’d cook a special lunch with all of our favorite foods growing up.”
Steve sniffed while Bucky just closed his eyes and leaned against his palm seeking comfort.
Sorry for the wait, but here it is. Tony is about to learn more about his otherness, and predictably, he doesn't like it. Bucky is about to try some of that self-rediscovery Steve was planning for him without supervision.
Agent Carter laid out a map between them. “The HYDRA camp is in Kreuzburg tucked between these two mountain ranges. It’s a factory of some kind.”
Steve began to go even faster as he practically milked Tony with his dick. His hands braced on Tony’s chest, holding him down as his legs were held by Bucky. Steve’s thrust were surprisingly brutal, but Fuck, Tony loved each one them. It was so perfect, being held down, the abuse of his prostate, choking on Bucky; so overwhelmed he was crying from it.
Erskine’s eyebrows rose as he asked, “What could that be?”
“The future,” Bucky answered as he handed Steve the paper, but he still caught the shadow that passed over Tony’s face as he said it.
Tony could tell right away that something was wrong.
Bucky blew out a breath before saying, “Yes, when I first got to Europe. Thankfully, we took a boat to cross the channel the first time. It took longer to move the grunts that way, but it was easier than arranging air travel. Guess that means we’re important now if we’re flying,” Bucky said bitterly.
“Maybe we should go to a movie next week,” Tony began as Bucky shuffled the deck. “That new James Stewart movie is coming out. His stuff’s usually good.”
**^**
She looked down and nodded. “It was rather shocking,” She admitted before meeting his eyes again and whispering, “But it’s a relief to be honest. It’s been so hard these past years dealing with everything, and I’d just resigned myself to the fact that it probably wouldn’t get any better until one of us died. I was suffocating and couldn’t say anything about it. But now that he’s gone, it’s like I can breathe again.”
“There’s got to be at least five mortar companies out there!” Dum yelled against his own side of the hole.
Tony had to give Steve credit. He didn’t flinch, but his face said it all.
“You’re not alone, Tony.”
Bucky smirked. “Good. Then be ready at seven so we can pick up the girls.”
The end of War Bucky's POV was taken from a deleted scene from the First Avenger. In the movie we met Gabe Jones and the other commandos at the HYDRA prison camp, but Gabe was in that deleted scene. This is not historically accurate. People of color were segregated into their own units, however, there were times when these segregated units would work with others on large offensives or out of necessity. So, I wrote it into the story that the 107th had encountered Gabe's group and allowed them to join them since both units would benefit. Honestly, Marvel should pay me for fixing it's cannon, but I do like the idea they had that Steve would break this stupid army tradition and form an integrated unit of his own.
“How’s the head? Are you feeling dizzy? Nauseous?” Tony asked, partly out of concern for Steve and partly to prolong his stay.
The breakup was like a wound that refused to fully heal, despite it having been (mostly) mutual. Tony was not an ideal person to share your life with. He
*Ovviamente-Of course
So, there it is. Everyone's preferences are out in the open. So if any of that isn't your cup of tea, well, I just hope that you will continue read and skip the smut. Otherwise you'll never know if Tony makes it home.
He’d then gone to visit Francesco. After Tony had explained that Steve and he were leaving to help with the war effort and didn’t know when they would return, he’d handed him the metal storage box that contained their treasures, their memories. Tony’s voice had broken as he’d begged his friend to keep it safe in the family’s custody. He’d begged that if they didn’t return, the man would protect and pass this down through his family. That he would make sure it was never thrown away or sold for any reason.
A soft mechanical chirping noise greeted him as he turned toward the far corner. DUM-E and U waved their metal appendages at him as if they were greeting a guest into their home. He supposed they were. He’d always liked the intelligent bots.
cheating!”
**Tony**
“I don’t want to lose him, Buck.” Steve admitted quietly, meaning so many things with just that one sentence.
