in the head in front of dozens of witnesses to save Mary (Oh, Sherlock), but really to save John’s fake illusion of his happy family. He was brought away in handcuffs and thrown into a cell in the basement of Secret Service. John had spent Christmas Day, after being interrogated for hours, begging to
John thinks of the advertisement from the dog shelter they got in their mailbox. It would be a wonderful present.
They sit a few minutes in silence. Sherlock uses the time to take all the different sounds of the approaching city in. The various languages, from tourists and citizens alike, the loud music from a pair of headphones, the “All I want for Christmas is you
“Of course I am angry, there is no reason not to be. I am surrounded by bloody fools! Merry Christmas! There is nothing special about this day, except that you are spending more money that you have, eat too much, drink too much, getting a day older without gaining one! You all should spend the day working hard, sorting through your books, keeping your paperwork in order! If I could decide, I would command that everyone who has a
and going back to prison, their handshake on the tarmac, and at last, everything that happened after.
„His father was a soldier, and he died in the war. His older sister disappeared into the night, and his mother drowned herself in her grief.“
“You won’t ever tell me again what to do. You have ruined enough. Meeting you was the worst thing that ever happened to me.
Sherlock’s stomach churns at the thought of another beverage. Why does John always expect tea to fix everything?
He croaks out while searching for his walking stick. The rest of the audience be damned, he needs to get to his boyfriend now!
John is already planning. “I’m visiting my parents over Christmas and New Year, we will contact your family at that time and plan what is going to happen next.
The man grunts in his ear. Sherlock sighs. He wants to avoid bruises from any violent confrontations, so he decides not to provoke the clearly drunk, angry and now obviously homophobic football fan.
John smiles amused: “My headache is nearly gone, and the nurses said there is nothing to worry. I am in hospital, not in a haunted house like the one in your parents village, and I am not helpless. Do not forget that.
John addresses Sherlock worriedly. The detective is snuggled deep in his train seat, with the famous coat as his blanket.
John and Lestrade stared at Mary, the sound of Sherlock’s tears like daggers in Lestrade’s heart. He thought back to that night in the hospital, when John was crying, sitting in that unforgiving cold hospital chair, believing his best friend had just died. Had it all been a show?
"...of course, we will have to cut back on the dangerous cases. No rooftop chases or gun fights, nothing to risky."
. She stood naked on the stage, looking extremely proud, despite the dozens of hungry eyes leering at her marvelous body. There were bite marks all over her breasts, and from what John could gather, she was called
John says, and he is gone. Sherlock sits for a few more minutes with this pleasant feeling, then searches for his pen to write Molly back.
John giggles, while pressing Sherlock’s head against his good shoulder. The shirt under Sherlock’s head crunches. Sherlock never expected kissing to be so deeply meaningful and yet fun at the same time.
Unfortunately, their morgue is the same as everywhere else. Cold and white and sterile, with a single table and a single body.
“We will have to work around the schedule of the teams of the Houses. I think we should sort them into two groups, one from eleven to fourteen years old and the other one from fifteen to seventeen.
But John is not as smart as Sherlock believes him to be, and Sherlock is definitely not as smart as everyone thinks he is, and so it all worked out rather well for her.
raked his head, but there really was no one else. His adoptive mother had never shown much interest in him and died when he was young, and he had no friends.
“That’s a fantastic idea, love. But enough talking for today, time to show me my second wedding gift.
“Good night!” John whispers soothingly (he is going to be a good doctor) and ends their phone call. Sherlock saves the game, packs away his switch and rolls his body into a tight ball under the blankets. He had looked forward to their Animal Crossing meeting the whole day (and not only because John wrote to him about his high turnip prices, thank you very much), but their short conversation over the phone just wasn’t all that satisfying. His mind wanders to John’s house, only a few streets away from him, but still so far. Is John already asleep or is he thinking of Sherlock too? Sherlock groans and buries his head deeper into his pillow. It smells of his father’s
Right, Rosie. Sherlock hates that name. Of course, neither Mycroft nor Sherlock have usual names, but in Sherlock’s opinion,
Sherlock hears the annoying beeping of the automate, and thanks her again. “Yes I am, he should be waiting for me here.
John isn’t so enthusiastic. He plays with his own tea cup (Sherlock prepared enough for three), and stutters for a while about someone named Moriarty, a fake suicide, a mysterious wife who liked to shoot people (what a horrible woman) and several funerals. All Paddington hears are excuses.
He lifts Sherlock’s upper body up a bit and sticks a straw between his chapped lips. Sherlock drinks greedily.
is absolutely stuffed with books from the floor to the ceiling and no one who works there would prefer it any other way. Apart from the workers, there are also two cats living there. At day, they rest delicately in the bookshop, at night they run around 221. Catharine of
John is proud with himself of being so honest with Sherlock about his emotions. Maybe his therapy appointments are paying off! Although, at their next meeting, he should probably skip the whole “I shot my ex-wife and I don’t feel guilty about it, at all. How was your weekend?
boy — Allen, of course its Allen, reckless boy — hanging onto him. The other boy follows and lands as well.
It does not surprise Sherlock when the five of them appear on his doorstep and drag him without any means to defend himself into their favourite place, the torture chamber. It is in the basement of the castle and terrifyingly cold in the winter.
He focuses his eyes through the upcoming headache and recognizes the kind blue eyes of John Watson. John, who watches him with great concern. The other man is sitting on a chair next to his bed, leaning over him. They are in John’s room, probably because his was closer to the castle door.
sniffs at Sherlock’s hand, then accepts him as non-threatening. John carefully brushes his (lovely) hands over the biggest
made a deal at the Diogenes club. John would return to the house in the suburbs and play the loving husband, while
Wouldn’t that be horrifying. Sherlock tries to straighten out his back by drawing his knees shorter, but everything hurts too much and dear god he smells awfully.
His mother had stared at him with empty eyes, and John realized with a dark dread that she had accepted this life a long time ago. The ring and her promises to Mr. Watson shackled her to this house and to her husband, and so, John made the decision to leave.
She sighs and eats a biscuit. “It would be lovely if they’d finally get their act together. It’s been years!
Sherlock thinks of the panic that arrives every month. The hard and precise work that is needed to brew a
She says, and places the box on the table. “Sherlock, when we close the store I want you to carry the chairs from the café to this room.
John Watson, famous Chaser, popular Quidditch captain, one of the best students in their seventh year, a future healer, with blue eyes, blond hair, muscles and a kind smile, was absolutely perfect. After six and a half years at Hogwarts, Sherlock Holmes was 100% certain that nature would never invent a creature more handsome than John H. Watson.
Now it is Sherlock’s turn to blink surprised. Thank Merlin Mycroft is not here to witness his embarrassing evening.
Don’t panic, John thinks. Don’t panic. He dials Mycroft’s number next. Mycroft always answers, and if he doesn’t
about the man — the fact that his heavy homophobia will not have made his father love him more, that his wife is planing to take their son and flee from him, that he really should go to a dentist — but no word rolls over his tongue, because he is quickly becoming very scared.
is reading something VERY IMPORTANT (he would be much better as a politician than a King), and Sherlock is laying across his lap. This particular position may be awkward, but after nearly two years, no one is really surprised
There is no strength left in his quivering legs, and so he crawls on one hand, until he reaches the first trees. They welcome him like an old friend.
The woman goes away, and Sherlock breathes in the fresh air. He made it! With some help, of course, but he made it! He fumbles for his phone to finally call John, but his hand is too badly shaking to grasp it. He never expected riding the tube to be so terrifying!
The next morning, John does not remember what happened. Sherlock starts to isolate himself again, but great danger looms...
A Scolds Bridle. They have put a Scolds Bridle on him, to stop him from speaking and further humiliate him. It has been used on women who gossip, but has been abolished in the country for dozens of years. Apparently, the palace kept at least one of them. It is heavy, uncomfortable and is restricing his view. Sherlock has never hated anyone more. He can hear the others celebrating through the loud rushing in his ears.
Sherlock Holmes has been John Watson‘s husband for nearly a year, and they have got quite good at being married. Sherlock is still surprised that he actually very much enjoys the sexual aspects of it. John is a very attentive and gentle lover, and Sherlock loves every minute thy spent together and every touch John grants him.
To his indefinite surprise, the clock went on from six to seven, from eight to nine, until he counted 12, then stopped.
. Being drunk one time this year was far from enough. Flitwick enquires about his health, and reminds him again of the Duellist club which will start in January. Sherlock accepts his invitation this time. A duel between John and him does sound thrilling.
Just as Sherlock speaks, the zombie show reaches his apparent climax. From their corner, it sounds like an elephant is being torn apart. Patient number 7 is finally allowed to brush her teeth, and patient number 2 is telling her sister about her son's teething by emitting the cries he makes. Sherlock wishes they would all just go away.
Sherlock Holmes was in love with John Watson, and it was both the reason for his happiness and his misery.
didn’t have friends. He had a housekeeper and a cook and a clerk in his office, and that’s about all people he can stand to be around with for a limited time.
John blinks a few times to clear his vision, then gapes surprised. Sherlock is watching the old BBC mini series “Pride and Prejudice
The wife later tries to shoot him and leaves him collapsed on the ground to flee from her running husband.
He panics, and pure survival instinct kicks in. He aims his knee to the place where it hurts the most, and his assaulter hauls in pain, much to the delights of the other guests. There is no time to triumph for Sherlock though, because the hurt man shoves him into the arms of his accomplice, and Sherlock can feel sweaty hands grabbing his hips. He closes his eyes to escape the horror and wishes himself back home, with his books and Mrs Hudson cooking and Mycroft writing some important paper.
The King, John’s father, is sitting on his golden throne, appearing to be amused. Sherlock knows that no help will come from him.
Sherlock whispers, grabs John's hand, and they jump behind a knight statue. John tries to make them as small as possible, and in doing so, he pushes Sherlock’s lithe body flat against the wall. He hears Sherlock’s hurried heartbeat and smells the special Sherlock aroma: sulphur, old books, lemon and something else, something John has only ever smelled from the
Happy with being rescued from his heavy burden, John walked back to the weapon stall. A smile appeared on his face when he spied Sherlock polishing his metal armour.
There is a sound falling down the ceiling, right to John’s feet. The sound rips John’s heart out and stomps on his lungs. Sherlock Holmes is screaming above him and hearing that pain is so unnatural and wrong in John Watson’s world that he can no longer pretend to care about his and Mycroft’s and his plan, Mary or-whatever-her-name-is and the whole of the United Kingdom. He walks purposelessly up to the security man and knocks him out in three seconds with two well-placed punches. That’s that taken care off.
Sherlock whispers, feeling almost drunk. Santa’s words don’t really stay with him, he forgets them quickly. Somehow, these three words seem important to say.
nearly an hour later. His apartment was located on the third and highest floor and consisted of a bigger and a smaller room, that was the bedroom. The rooms under him were free, and the bottom floor housed a small bakery, owned by a lovely older woman.
He had met Mary at a pub he visited with a couple of his colleagues. Secretly, John never liked these work outings, but his new colleagues urged him to come. Later, Mary confessed to him that she asked a mutual acquaintance of theirs to set them up. John didn’t feel like dating at first, but Mary did not take no for an answer. Soon after, they went for a cup of coffee and scones,  and thus began their relationship.
Sherlock whined. His face is pale from the cold, but they are all used to it. Up high in the dark north, the summers are short and the winters are long.
She puts a much larger batch of letters and handwritten notes torn out of books next to the first collection. “Are all the letters and notes I have received today that demand Professor Holmes must keep his position, plus the dozens of students that interrupted my breakfast, lunch and who knocked on my office door the whole day.
In his humble opinion, the whole house lacked both colour and clutter. It all looked barely lived in. Mary prefers to keep her belongings in tight order, and she prefers white and beige over red and gold. She likes her sofa cushions unused and her table without any sword marks. Once upon a time, this view would have fit John, but not anymore.
left him with his parents. He thought his little brother was too frail, to vulnerable, that he trusted others too easily.
and Sherlock couldn’t wait until the day when all of this -London, John Watson- would be something he could enjoy every day.
John asks him while applying the spray. He hopes the conversation will distract Sherlock from the burning pain, but Sherlock still scrunches up his face in discomfort.
Paddington exclaims. So Mr. Brown does eat his marmalade. He can just ask for his own sandwich the next time. “How did you figure it out?
John promises, and Greg finally leaves. John helps Sherlock into the bathroom, takes the blankets and carefully puts him into his small shower. They barely fit in there together. Sherlock moves very stiffly and slowly. He must be exhausted from his swim in the Themes, and of course from whatever happened to his fishtail.
A simple flower, that should not be too hard. Molly did not specify what kind, so Sherlock searches around and settles on a nicely looking cactus. It will look perfect next to the skull on the fireplace. This cactus is going to blossom in a few months, and hopefully then John will be done with playing hero in the dessert when he could just as well be a hero in their bedroom at Baker Street. Much more comfortable anyway.
Against the Dark Arts before, had decided to focus more on his three young children, since his wife’s
Sherlock’s dad spoke in his gentle voice, which always calmed Sherlock down (he would never admit that though).
It is unlikely that we will get the most terrified ones. Hopefully, every participant will have flown a round on their broom before.
He hopes his stammering makes enough sense for his genius husband, and thankfully it does. Sherlock smiles, and they slowly make their way back to Aidan, breathing in the silent night before the new day arrives.
Sherlock throws in and turns on his back. John’s eyes shine full of love and it takes all the rest of Sherlock’s anxiety away. He watches as John slowly pushes his cock into Sherlock’s hole.
His mouth feels like he ate sand. Can’t be right. His stomach has a hole in it. Someone ought to put something in it.
observed many cash boxes, keys, padlocks, ledgers and heavy purses hanging on it. The body was transparent, and
sucks. I can send you a few tasks from my chemistry class, which have been driving me crazy.” John offers graciously.
Well, this might be true at this point, but even the smartest criminals will make a mistake sooner and later. Sherlock just wished the man would get on with it. His knees hurt from kneeling on the cold ground, his ankles were getting chaffed from the cuffs and he had lost all his feelings in his tightly bound hands. His mouth was dry in an unpleasant way, his tongue wooden.
“He lied to you for nearly two months, but it’s always different with him, isn’t it? For you, the great Sherlock Holmes can do no wrong.” Mary exclaimed, throwing her hands in the air. “Why don’t you just snog him if you want him so badly?”
Sherlock sobbed again and pressed the pillow in front of his face. Thankfully, he was alone and no one else would witness his breakdown.
It was his brothers funeral and there were only a few people attending. Of course his parents were there and Anthea and Lady Smallwood also sat in the third row but after them no one came.
Professor Holmes, may I have a quick word with you? I heard you have a supply of potions against headaches. Some students have been complaining about migraines.
when he was six, since the day he first stepped into the small local store in Sussex, accompanied by his mother. His mother had read out to him every evening, so Sherlock’s mind would calm down and let him go to sleep. On long rides, they would listen to audio plays, telling tales of Hobbits and dragons. Sherlock grew up with stories, and they filled his head with miracles.
There is a ringing in his ears, something is down his face, and his head hurts like hell. There is grey dust, glass, splinters and rubbish everywhere. He can hear the waitress beginning to sob behind him, but all Sherlock can concentrate on is where their table and chairs stood just seconds ago.
Sherlock quickly busies himself with making his own cup, so John won’t see his disappointed face. The case may have been tedious, but they had spent the day together and nevertheless had fun. It felt like old times and for a few hours Sherlock was allowed to pretend that everything was back to normal. Obviously John did not feel the same thing and preferred to go to the house he shared with his perfect wife and the mother of his daughter. The wife who shot Sherlock, wanted to do it again in Lauriston Gardens, constantly lies and mocks them but since John loved her, Sherlock had to smile and accept it all and be Mary’s friend. With her murder, this all went crashing down, first John blaming Sherlock for her death, then Sherlock on a drug binge, then John nearly pummelling Sherlock to dead on the floor of a morgue. Neither of them never talked about any of it. They don’t really talk about anything at all any more, except about their cases.
Sherlock recalls all of that in a second. It is important to earn their respect, but they need to learn something in his lesson too.
“Nope, I’ve got something much better.” John says. “Catch!” He presses his hand to his mouth and kisses it, then throws the imagined kiss up to Sherlock. Sherlock stretches out his arm, and for a simple second he feels John’s strong arms around him and his lips on his.
Sherlock teases. Then he grows serious again: “I love this country, because it’s so much like you: beautiful, wild, but very soft underneath.
concentrated on him for a few seconds, he could sense the love for someone special in John Watson’s eyes, the gentleness of his one hands and the seething anger and frustration in the other, but
Sherlock follows the voice, and then John is crushing into him, strong arms winding around his waist, Sherlock's phone safely in his hand. John must have caught it with his fast rugby reflexes.
Sherlock shakes his head. John shoves the mourning for that aside for the evening. It's an unimaginable lost.
She explained to John. John agreed with her and expressed his and Sherlock’s wish for a relaxing week.
Of course John knows that Sherlock simply wasn’t feeling things like that, but that never stopped John. Now, at last, there was hope again. If Sherlock wanted him back, John would be back. If Sherlock wanted to move to Antarctica and study the northern lights, John would go with him. This may be unhealthy for other people, but it was how John felt.
and Elizabeth’s. No heir to worry about. Of course that didn’t stop all the gossip newsletter in the world, hundreds of paparazzi and thousands of people to follow and document every move of them.
Paddington gifts Mrs Hudson the marmalade, who thanks him profoundly for it. He decides to bring Judy and Jonathan with him the next time he visits 221 Baker Street. On his way to the Tube, he catches a glimpse of John Watson pressing Sherlock against the window and kissing his living daylight out.
Don‘t think about it. This all will be over in no time and John will be furious and send his cousins to a long, difficult and dangerous journey they will hopefully not return from. It will be over soon.
For a moment, John wonders if his future partner will like pizza or not, but decides that they will love it.
John was not a citizen of Rome by birth. When he and his sister Harriet, though she prefers Harry, were young children, a decorated Roman soldier,
He says, trying to sound as confident as possible and not like he is scared shitless. “Why are you calling me like this?
muttered. Sherlock threw the pillow at his head, which was naturally the exact moment their mother choose to enter their room. They had booked a double bedroom, so the other bed was only a door away.
It all comes crashing down on Monday, when John falls down on his seat next Sherlock at the breakfast table. The former healer appears to have got over the spectacular hangover better than Sherlock did. He bites enthusiastically into a piece of toast.
John had failed to realize that the apartment was as now filled with silence. Sherlock’s violin now sat on the coffee table and the man’s attention was on John’s anger stricken face.
Sherlock sighed annoyedly. “Yes. Yes. We have been over this. It’s an absolute shame the child died, but there is nothing we can do, John,” he seemed to realize he was being harsh when John had quickly sucked in a sharp breath. “What I mean is, we helped solve her death and that’s all that we could have done.”
“Something new?” John asked him as he watched Sherlock’s long fingers dance across the instrument, his question referring to the melody.
“It’s a terrible shame about the kid,” he said frustratedly. “She didn’t deserve to get caught up in what the school had done.”
This is what John thought to himself as he gazed outside of of the window, resided at none other than 221B Baker Street.
“You’re welcome,” John responded simply with a note of pleasure as he held his own cup of tea firmly. In his search to voice he growing feelings for Sherlock, he had come up disappointedly empty. He ultimately decided that Sherlock would deduce it soon enough, and until then John would go along as usual.
John was not naive to his own needs despite his efforts to dull them, and this become painfully clear during the first meeting with Sherlock Holmes. Faced with someone as truly seeing as Sherlock, he couldn’t help the relief that broke through the cracks. The relief flooded him as he indulged himself in the idea that finally someone may see him without the utter of an ultimately ill fitted word. Words were never a reliable narrator to John’s thoughts, and now he realized that may be enough.
John Watson the brave solider, the selfless healer, and now the unknowing keeper of one of the world’s greatest minds. John had grown accustomed to the constant sheltering of his own feelings and desires. Whether he was trying to convince himself he didn’t wish to be held by his male friend in school. Or alternatively, when he convinced himself that it really couldn’t have been his sisters fault for the pain she caused, because addiction is an illness, right?
The thing she was most proud of however where the short bricks that she had fastened under Sherlock’s feet, putting them up. She had used the ropes and belts to hold his legs in place, bound to the table, putting them into a very uncomfortable and dangerous position. This torture method was called the Tiger Bench, and Mary had found it on Google. After all, she had to give him a new challenge, Serbia must have been too easy.
him on Halloween and hid a dead mouse in his bed. His scream woke up the whole neighbourhood, and his dad got furious.
Filch is opening the grand entrance door for him with a disgruntled face, but Mrs. Norris meows happily at him. During his seven years as a student, Sherlock had smuggled her pieces of fish and other cat treats, to keep her from snitching on him whenever he sneaked out of the
“Next up is a seventh year old boy from Sussex. He is moderately healthy, quick-thinking and will surely grow up to be a good-looking teenager!
An eternity later, he flushes and sits back down. Sherlock cannot hear anything through the bolted, heavy door. He is completely alone. The detective draws his knees to his chest to preserve warmth and shivers.
John says, and surges higher. Sherlock observes him, imagining how the air gets colder up in the air, a sign of the colder seasons approaching.
His muscles send a thousand screaming complaints to Sherlock’s head, his burning wrist being the loudest of them. Fortunately, he is laying somewhere soft and warm. With a happy sign he curls himself deeper under the blanket, cherishing the lack of cramps and back pain.
He would wait for the slave’s consent. Hopefully, the man will say yes soon, because John wanted to show him everything.
You could say that Mycroft died doing what he loved: being an obnoxious bastard. No, that’s not fair. His brother died on a sunny day on the 21th of January in his office at the Diogenes Club, in the presence of his murder, a soldier and his little brother.
Sherlock has moved most of his stuff already into his dozens of closets and cupboards, and he has spread his plans for the different classes on the desk. His bed is shoved into a corner, and the moon is shining through the two big windows. Sherlock can see directly over the Forbidden Forest, which is practical if he plans a spontaneous visit. He quickly changes into his favourite blue dressing gown and pyjama and throws one last look at his schedule for tomorrow. Everything should be fine, although he is starting the school year with the first graders on Monday. Well, that cannot be helped.
"You seriously believe that after all this time, I give a damn about what other people think about us?“ John’s grip around his waist tightened. „I thought you were supposed to be the smart one in this relationship.“
The last minute of the old year starts, and John, ever the good host, hands everyone a glass of champagne and Sherlock gets his glass of fruit wine. John’s warm hands caress his fingers while handing the glass over, and Sherlock gets good goosebumps.
Sherlock is standing in the middle of a fresh spring rain, and he forgot his umbrella at home. At least that’s something where Mycroft is always right.
He croaks out, tongue stumbling on the foreign words. It works, because John is settling down next to him. The crown prince throws a blanket over both of them, and Sherlock scoops up a bit closer to his new husband, who carefully puts his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders.
With a long-lasting sign, Sherlock finishes scrubbing the last work table. The cleaning-up process at the end of every school day is certainly his least favourite part, but according to
“We can ride through the whole off London to practice love, but later. And certainly not during Christmas at Covent bloody Garden.
John ignores Mary and rather puts his hand on Sherlock’s back. Sherlock can feel the warmth of his hand through his thick coat. He hopes John will never stop these casual touches. He enjoys it even more when he notices Mary’s annoyed reaction to it, which she quickly hides behind another smile.
Wonderful, though we will need the brooms today only in the second half of the lesson. First, we will do something called warming-up.
straightening his back. He forced himself to smile at his soon-to-be wife, but simultaneously moved a bit more into Sherlock’s direction, until he could sense his body heat. Was the detective nervous?
This is unusual. He staggers to his secret cupboard, clutching the hot water bottle close to his stomach, and wrenches the door open.
, when John lifted Sherlock’s body in his arms, one arm under his knees, the other around his upper chest. Carrying the detective should not look so easy, considering he was two heads taller than John, but the retired soldier had become rather fit and his patient was thinner than ever.
“I don’t care for the crown, although I would look fabulous with it. I like winning, and I like angering homophobes.
The stag night was definitely something else. He thought he could go through with it, in his drunken state. Confess his love for the detective while groping his knee. Then their client busted in, and the moment was gone. Probably better that way.
also demands her teachers to hand all their class schedules to her, so that is another task to be done.
“John.” Sherlock whispered, his hand reaching for John’s arm. “Do you… would you… I know you will probably be angry for a long time, and it will come out here and then. But. Do you want to move back to Baker Street with me?” Sherlock asks, and tries to hide the pleading in his eyes that John knows far too well to be fooled.
The man moved around the table and opened all of his restraints. Sherlock should have been able now to push him away, to punch him, but he couldn’t even lift one of his fingers. The captor unbuckled the ball gag.
than ever. Sherlock wishes he could be back in bed, with a cup of tea and a hot-water bottle, knowing everyone else is safe from him, but Mary took this away from him in a brilliantly cruel way.
"I want you to be selfish. I want you to stand up for yourself, I want you to get healthy.You sacrificed yourself so many times. You deserve it."
But that is not their reality and there is nothing he can do to change that, Sherlock thinks. He listens to John walk downstairs.
The two Holmes brothers are sitting in a booth at the coffee store somewhere around Marylebone Road. The café is a bit isolated from the rest of the busy street, so it’s relatively quiet. No one else is there in the morning except Mycroft, Sherlock and the waitress whose name is Violet according to her name tag.
gets her bag and her jacket and has one last look at Sherlock Holmes. As a final cruelty, she stuffs the flannel back into his mouth. Let’s hope that John and the brother will arrive in time, she thinks, before leaving the flat. A cab is waiting in front of the house to take her to the airport. Mary smiles. She has fulfilled her goal, it is time to wreak havoc somewhere else.
The Great Hall around them, oblivious to their talking, is buzzing with the students being excited about school starting again and being reunited with their friends, while the teachers stir their tea to look more energetic.
The first method of judicial hanging is the Suspension. The weight of the body causes the tightening of the noose around the trachea neck structure. There is no struggle and the person often goes immediately limp because their jugular vein and carotid arteries are blocked and the blood flow to the brain is reduced. Death by strangulation takes about ten to twenty minutes. It is presumed to very painful due to the victims struggle for air against the compression of the noose and against the weight of the body.
What did he mean? Surely not- suddenly he viewed the table in a whole different light. The man pulled out a needle from his pocket and rolled up his sleeve. Sherlock was only able to watch, frozen. All of the hard work he and John had done to get him clean again, to secure a non-drug future for them, was about to be nullified. His captor must have noticed his concern, because he smiled reassuringly.
The sound that came out of John’s mouth was inhuman. Sherlock was standing impossibly still, one hand slowly reaching for the knife in his body. He looked helplessly at John. The doctor managed to catch his falling body and brought him gently down to the floor. He inspected the bleeding wound immediately.
This second chapter was a bit longer and came sooner than I intended, but I didn't want to cut it in the middle. Please give kudos or comment.
The detective let out a whimper when she pushed a curl from his sweaty forehead. He had started to develop a slight fever in the last ten hours. She had to be careful not to overdose him. Fascinated Mary dragged her fingers through his thick curls. What was so special about him that he caught John Watson attention more than she ever could. Her eyes wandered to his tightly shut eyes and his screwed shut mouth.
“Yup. Whenever they receive a letter from Hogwarts, they will cut his weekly sweet supply they send.
“Sherlock, can you look at me? You’ve got some spectacular bruising and I need to check if you have a concussion.
Well, apart from the most obvious thing. His feelings for the brilliant detective. He mourned him like a lost husband for two years, but that was all over now. He loved Mary now, and they were going to get married in approximately five minutes. It’s not like Sherlock would ever return his feelings. May as well live happily ever after with someone else. Mary was a good candidate for that option.
A different wolf, easily twice as large as the thin werewolf, with glowing red fur and blue eyes jumps from out of nowhere and attacks the distracted werewolf with a loud bark and the brilliance of a trained hunter. The red wolf easily wrestles the werewolf to the ground, who howls back in fury and snaps at the wolfs neck. Aisha and her boyfriend run away screaming, but the two fighting animals ignore them as the wolf drags the fighting and yelping werewolf deeper into the forest, away from the students and from the rest of civilization, leaving paw marks in the snow. The forest hides their gruesome fighting, and the castle lies in silence again, as if nothing happened.
In short, there he is. Sherlock throws the wet towel over the rack and grabs the book orders from his table. He will send his barn owl, Athena, this evening to Flourish &
John asks, deeply worried. John helps him sit down, and Sherlock can see the exit of the mirror labyrinth. Another couple just exits it, the male partner has white-ish hair and a red nose from the cold. The two are giggling and are in best spirits as they move to the next attraction. Sherlock is only able to stare at them.
They all eat a bit more biscuits, and John tells the Queen that he would be delighted to join the family on Christmas.
Sherlock made a chocking sound and John hastily helped him sit, then pressed his body against his  jumper.
potion immediately. I smelled her perfume, Claire de la Lune, she used to wear it every day we dated.
, one day even for a trip to a London Christmas market. Sherlock cancels every time, and he can sense John’s growing frustration and confusion.
They had kissed after a particularly exciting case in a back street under the stars, which were so rarely seen in London. John was flustered even more than usual about Sherlock’s intelligence and told the detective so, and the prince beamed. That was when John had grabbed his head and pressed his lips on Sherlock’s.
Flitwick says. “I was hoping to win Professor Watson for my newly started duellist club. As a former
The boy mistook his silence for something else. “Not that there is anything wrong with, dating a boy, I mean, it’s all perfectly fine.
. Willow is watching the spectacle, her wand still raised. Leila is storming out of the room, crying hysterically.
John may whisper love confessions in his ear, unfortunately, his many family members do not share the same sentiment. After all, their marriage is one of convenience, more of a political triumph and less of a romantic love affair in their eyes. Sherlock remains the pawn in the political game between the Watson’s and the Holmes. Sherlock is not popular with many of John‘s relatives, his quick mouth offending many, and they have been waiting for a chance of revenge eagerly.
It should have been a simple case, really. John and Sherlock figured out that the prolific celebrity
Of course, this could not last. Sherlock jumped from a roof, and John was left alone, drifting through London again.
“Now it’s Christmas time again, and I must walk among all the celebrating people, regretting every Christmas I spend at the office and not with you. Why did I not follow the lights to a poor house and help the suffering?
The man coughed awkwardly: “Unfortunately, his body is weak, he must be suffering from an illness. We don’t what it is.
His mom sighed (sorry, mummy, but it’s for the greater good — his love life). “Just call the shop and ask for a new one, sweetie. You gave them enough money anyway.
Sherlock may have shouted the last part, he isn’t sure. He only notices his rapidly stuttering heart when he is already back in his private room.
Sherlock starts first. He sits up and shuffles into John’s lap. He puts some massages shampoo in his hands and starts massaging John’s shoulder and upper body. The two men look at each other, both grateful that they are sharing this moment, that they are alive, but also mindful of the circumstances that happened on this way and the impact the events had on them.
Which is why he is now waiting at the terminal for his boyfriend, the wonderful and handsome and brave Doctor John Watson, who is returning from his first tour in Afghanistan. Sherlock would have preferred it a thousand times that John stayed with him in London, but his boyfriend his nothing but stubborn, and after several loud rows John stepped into the train for his army training. Their frosty silence luckily only lasted a few days, and during the last months they frequently wrote to each other and shared skype calls, but it is definitely not the same. Not by a long shot. Sherlock Holmes wants to finally wrap his arms around John Watson, and he wants it now.
Only later, when they are laying in bed and John is asleep, does Sherlock wonder why the Clown knew his name.
“I selected one that was approximately the same size as my cock. That way you get a feeling of it and I’m saving time.“
Sherlock whispers in his ear, and John giggles. Sherlock wiggles a bit, but John doesn’t set him on his feet yet, but rather walks up with Sherlock’s arm clinging around his neck.
The song finally reach his finale and prepares himself. John checks if they have enough room. They do another turn, perfectly in tune. He moves Sherlock away and then gently spins him back in before the dip, like Harry told him. Sherlock’s face morphs into confusion, then happiness.
and another bridesmaid in lilac dresses. John had forgotten her name, he only remembered her annoyingly loud giggles.
John clears his throat. Sherlock’s face feels like it is burning and coughs loudly. Flitwick, who so far had tried to listen secretly (not secretly enough though), suddenly turns to Binns and engages him loudly in a discussion about the current prime minister (Mycroft is really the country’s leader, but officially, he is only the first assistant). Sherlock wonders if the other teachers are as interested in their conversation as Sherlock is.
“They will visit at that specific time. You will never see me again, and for your own sake, remember what happened here today and what I told you!
Hundreds, maybe thousands of ghosts, like Old Marley, were flying through the sky over London, dangling with heavy chains, wide-opened eyes.
The cupboard is dark, there are two drawers in it and Sherlock hopes he will get some clean clothes. All his toys and experiments vanished in the fire, and he misses all of it terribly, his gorgeous violin the most. A small mattress with a blanket and a cushion is lying on the ground.
“Very well, because I am going to find the woman we know as Mary Watson, and make her answer for her many crimes.
He takes four more turns and runs into a dead end. Annoyed, he wants to walk back to his last turn, but… Wait.
was a handsome man. He was already greying, but it only made him look wiser, and there was always a smile on his face. Today, in
They carefully make their way out of the castle to the stables, where John’s trusted horse awaits, already saddled. Officially, Sherlock isn’t supposed to know how to ride horses, but then, he also isn’t allowed to educate himself further than their private teacher allows. At 17 years old, there is no book in the Watson library that Sherlock hasn’t read at least once.
Lestrade never thought he would see that the day that he wished that Sherlock Holmes would be a bit more selfish and less considerate. The detective clearly loved John Watson, everyone, and he means everyone, could see it. Apart from the clueless doctor of course. Sherlock always looked at him with so much adoration in his eyes, he laughed so openly with him, his body language relaxed, his hands calm. Sherlock Holmes was hopelessly in love, had been for years, but the man was married. John would never go back to him anyway, now that his wife was expecting the baby. The whole thing was a complete mess, and Lestrade had no idea how to fix it.
“To give you an incentive for the next weeks, let me show you a potion I have prepared especially for today.
John has already reached Sherlock’s hiding place. Of course, the other man immediately followed him, because that is what John does. Loyal until the end.
, nearly dying of being shot in the heart, getting thrown into jail and nearly send off to a suicide mission, and finally, getting kidnapped by Mary, causing
Sherlock nods, more dread rising. The car is already occupied with a bulky man who definitely has more muscles than brain.
Then his eyes met John’s and it was like on the first day, three years ago. A huge, relieved smile was now on Sherlock face and his skin was glowing. The prince was wearing a dark suit with no tie (
The next hour goes rather pleasantly. They are talking about the new kebab that opened in the vicinity of Scotland Yard, the curious murder of the dog-owner, Stella’s new guitar playing neighbour and Sherlock’s liver experiment. They quickly change the topic after that and Sherlock reaches the middle of his second beer. He has got used to the abdominal taste of his beer. The football game and the viewers who take up the majority of the room are drunk and increasingly angry as their team loses. Sherlock wonders if it is a form of masculinity to meet in dark pubs, drink overpriced beer and scream slurs at the referee. The others are able to blend them out, so Sherlock tries to. John slowly rubbing circles in his back is far more important anyway.
“It will only work for two or three hours, and they won’t change the whole body, only hair, height and eye colour.
John smile turned into a wide grin. They both smiled at each other like idiots, and for once, Sherlock didn’t care.
That was two weeks ago. Mary wishes she could have seen the Holmes’s reaction the fake bump. That must have been a funny sight.
She spread her arms and indicated their whole kitchen. Their was next to no decorations, and their fridge was always empty.
“Sir, it’s my duty to inform you that pets are not always the best presents. Our pets have survived a lot, and it’s important for us to find them a kind and permanent home.
“It is okay, love, it is okay. Please don’t cry. I noticed you were taking far too long for a trip to the bathroom, so I went checking, and we heard you scream. He…
The students hurry away, whispering to each other. Sherlock hopes that they won’t send a letter detailing the events to their parents.
They cuddle together for a while without speaking, and John feels his eyes dropping. He forces himself to stay awake though. Sherlock needs him conscious.
Next up, they brought a very thin and surprisingly pale man on the platform. He looked a bit younger than John, maybe two or three years. John pushed himself closer to the stage to see him more clearly. He had dark hair with curls, sharp cheekbones, full lips and shining eyes. In short, he looked gorgeous, and the other spectators were whispering in excited voices.
Sherlock says, trying to delay the inevitable. If John asks, Sherlock will answer, however terrible it is.
The former soldier stumbled at the pitiful sight in front of him. He just barely caught himself. The terrible air and the smell urged him to flee and then throw up.
John bites his lips: “It is hard to explain, but James and I shared a certain form of affection for each other, and I always wondered what could have happened.
“You have said yes, and breaking that promise is a terrible mistake. We are going to be friends forever!
Sherlock stutters. To be honest, he entirely forgot about that thing. The rest of their conversation had been much more exciting.
John whispers, and Sherlock nods. Now that they are nearly completely undressed, he is lost for words. He hopes the prince won’t take his hands, they are sweaty with nervousness.
John stares at him nonplussed: “Are you actually serious about this, that you can heal my leg? Because, let me tell you, several healers have tried it and failed.
, then proceeded to eat most of the cake himself. Kissing his chocolate smeared mouth had been endearing.
“Okay. I mean-okay. I’m gonna take that out now, okay? It’s going to hurt, but I will be carefully.“
It was on a rare sunny Tuesday in November, when John decided to look for whatever caused a mysterious noise. To be more exact, it happened when he bit into his toast for the second time that morning. It is strange what small details people sometimes remember afterwards.
John wanted to name her Catherine. John actually never wanted a child. Of course, he loves Rosie now that she is here and John is allowed to play happy father with a nice house, a normal job at the clinic and his irregular visits to his (best?) friend. And now that he seems to have mourned enough, he is looking for the new Mrs. Watson.
John’s gentle hands around his waist brought him thankfully back. He had settled into a comfortable rhythm, but speed up again as he felt his climax approach. His movements became faster and he pushed against
“Fine.” Mycroft agreed. John coaxed Sherlock out of his well-deserved slumber, and the three men made their way to the waiting car. Lestrade waves them goodbye, and John promises to call him as soon as they settled back in 221b Baker Street.
While speaking rapidly, Sherlock draws with his fingertips his mental route down John’s broad chest.
Do you want to go to my room? We can ask the house elves for a cup of hot chocolate. Helps against the shock.
The brother never really approved of John. First, he tried to pay John to look out for Sherlock and give information back to him, and he refused. After the begin of their relationship, he threatened to end his medical career and threw Harry out of her therapy. John couldn’t really blame
If anyone present believes that there is any reason in law why the couple should not marry, please speak out now or forever hold your silence.
players… Sherlock feels overwhelmed and not at all ready to deal with any of it. He simply lets his bag drop on the only free chair and falls into the unmade bed.
The talking man slowly moved around him. Sherlock had been pushed to the ground by two guards (both mid-fourties, one married, one divorced, no children, one dog) and his hands were bound tightly behind his back, even his ankles were cuffed together. They clearly knew of his hand-to-hand combat and prepared themselves. At least these kidnappers knew what they were doing, which was a very bad sign for him. He was also gagged, a black cloth stuck between his teeth, his mouth sealed with duct tape.
, he said quietly. Right, the beautiful boy would return. Ten minutes, tops. He needed a plan. He needed a perfect master plan.
Gregory prepared himself to leave: “One day you will see how terrible lonely your life is, and then you will come to me. Don’t worry, I will be waiting.
The man stepped back and kicked the stool away. The noose tightened around his neck and Sherlock fell. It became impossible to breath.
Bill punched him on the arm when the music started. Right, the Queen was here, Sherlock’s mother. He had to stand up now. The elderly woman nodded at him as she walked by, her husband trailing two steps behind her.
had never painted out Old Marley’s name. There it stood, two years later, above the warehouse door: Ernest Marley and
Lestrade thoughts wandered back to the last month. No one had bothered to fill all the gaps for him yet, but he wasn’t a Scotland Yard detective for nothing. Contrary to what Sherlock believes, he is able to make some dedications on his own. In this case however, he hopes the two men will leave him in the dark. Whatever happened, Sherlock first disappeared and then had to spent the last days in the hospital and John had barely left his side, with yesterday the only exception. Greg suspected that John had business with his ex-wife to tend to. Speaking of Mary, he hadn’t seen her in a while. Not that he cared much about her, but with Sherlock Holmes, you never knew where people might end up. She could be in a high-security prison for all he knows, guarded personally by Sherlock’s strange older brother. Mycroft also had disappeared from the face of the earth. John hadn't mentioned either of them yet, and Greg feared the worst. No one in their close friend circle (Lestrade, Molly, Mrs Hudson) had particularly liked Mary, but the presence of the older Holmes, while often overbearing, also radiated a sense of safety.
John loves every sound the sea makes. Sometimes she is happy, and her waves wander gently over the soft sand, other times, she is angry and restless and rebels against everything there is on earth. She can make you smile and kill you in a matter of times. The sea is always changeable, and even in her most terrified state beautiful.
Suddenly, the bell over his head began to ring. The bell was once used as a means of communication, but that was long forgotten. Still, the bell rang, and it rang for more than a minute,
table. Some pointing is also involved, which Sherlock ignores. They will get to know him soon anyway.
, to save his precious brother from being exiled. Her husband had arrived a day later, kissed her on the cheek and made her dinner.
„Good John Watson! Caring for my brother so selflessly, when all I did was spectacularly failing him!“ cried Mycroft. He sat down on the stairs and couldn’t supress his falling tears anymore.
admits. Then, a new memory comes into his mind: “I taught Sherlock how to walk, and sometimes I placed him on my feet, and we danced slowly around our flat. Mother always berated me to be careful with him.
Sally says and walks back to get her phone. The three students free the young man and John wraps him in a few of their blankets to get him dry and warm again. In the background he hears Sally dialling, when the man suddenly opens his eyes with a loud gasp. Bill gasps in shock.
Sherlock is laying on a stretcher in the ambulance now, wrapped in a few blankets. The paramedic have finally found a functioning vein and used a drip to get some much-needed fluids into the detective’s body. John is hunched close to the detective, holding his other hand, the one with the bloody letters. John didn’t have the strength to think about them more closely.
His gasps do not die down this time, and Sherlock would be absolutely scared shitless of brain damage right now if he could still think. There is no energy for that though any more.
She says and releases him. Sherlock rubs his wrists and somehow flees John’s room and enter his own without further incident. Once there, he immediately checks the
The picture of a sweating but glowing John running towards him with open arms comes to Sherlock’s mind. Delicious.
All the fuss turns out to be an early celebration, because abruptly the fans groan, then scream in anger.
, the days fly by like nothing. Inarguably, Hogwarts looks best at Christmas time, with the branches of the Forbidden Forest hanging full of snow, and students ice skating on the frozen lake. Everyone is eagerly anticipating the Christmas holidays, and no one wants to spend their time working at their desks. There is a distinct holiday cheer in the air, and more laughter in the corridor. Even Sherlock could not escape the spreading good mood
and Sherlock with John of course) or try catching a glimpse at Stella Hopkins in her dancer outfit (Irene, who is not very happy today because Stella has a cold and is at home).
was his saving grace, although Mycroft had at first laughed at him. Surely, such a rude, uncontrolled and impatient man could never be a teacher, no matter how clever — yet Sherlock had grown to love his job. He enjoyed teaching. At the moment, he is the primary potion teacher, since Professor
The detective was babbling about an Emily and ghosts while John snuggled him into the detectives bed. He could use a nap himself, but he didn’t want to fall asleep in case Sherlock needed him. He already failed him once, one month into his disastrous marriage.
coat, swinging around him like a superhero. He had stormed in during John’s work hours, eyes glued to his phone and bought a coffee (black, two sugar) and a muffin. He was rather rude about it, actually, so John made a daring move and drew a smiley on the cup.
John looked around. Molly was sitting in third row and wore an adorable yellow hat and dress. She looked a bit pale, but probably not as pale as he.
Sherlock shudders. Without John’s help, Sherlock would have murdered or at least bitten the two teenagers, cursed them to a life of secrecy and pain.
, but were cursed and you now struggle with a limp and an aching shoulder. I can fix your limp, your shoulder just needs a bit more time.
At half past one, he is suddenly fully awake, with an unbearable need for a hunt and a hunger for human flesh.
John hugs him to his chest, a bit more forcefully this time: “I was worried sick for you! Are you alright?
When John walked down the aisle, he felt dozens of eyes on him. This wouldn’t bother him so much, if he hadn’t heard about the audience number the BBC alone expected. Probably half of the country was watching him now, in the dark blue suit he was wearing. Millions of people would see if he tripped over his feet. They would laugh at him and make reaction
“I have a fairly good relationship with my neighbours, and I would hate it if you destroyed that, Doctor Watson.
"Good, I’m not too late. Hagrid must not have arrived yet.“ Sherlock thought and craned his long neck for John.
Sherlock looked around, curious, but no one stood up. His father was silently crying and his mother face was ashen. He noticed that both Anthea and Mrs Smallwood were looking at him expectantly.
was his sole executor, his sole administrator, his sole assign, his sole residuary legatee, his sole friend, and his sole mourner. Old Marley wanted a son, an heir who could continue the family business, and he went to the orphanage to adopt the smartest boy.
John shrugs: “That is the risk we choose when we do our work. We can only promise to be careful and stay together.
Mrs. Hudson’s request saved him from any more inquiries, since Molly looked ready to burst with questions.
He asks Sherlock around his full mouth. Sherlock clutches his cup of tea and declines to answer. He has a headache and two classes of first graders waiting for him and all he can think of are the events on Halloween. Should he takes John hand?
He covered Sherlock’s body again with his and rubbed their two cocks together. The thin slave shivered under him, and John shushed him with his lips again. His left hand wandered to the man’s penis, and he started stroking it, with alternating between soft and hard strokes, slow and fast. Sherlock gasped into his mouth, and John took the invitation and swirled with his tongue around his. Sherlock’s head tried to jerk away but the gladiator hold on to him.
John is mildly surprised by Sherlock’s caring thought process. Then, Sherlock has a much kinder heart than most citizen’s in the United Kingdom believe.
“That’s correct, and I’m glad to tell you that so far, you have been the most entertaining of my four guests. The other were crying like crazy at this point.
"I can you tell you that now: You’ll feel absolutely miserable. It’s definitely not good for your health.“
“John, I hope in the future you will not date more assassins who are wanted by 28 countries.” Mycroft said.
John ended up buying him for a ridiculous sum of money. That evening in John’s bed had been excruciating, and it still amazed him that John had stopped before entering him. The gladiator could have easily destroyed Sherlock, but at the last moment, he chooses not to.
when one of them goes missing, only Scotland Yard. That’s why it takes John nearly three days to reach the stairs leading to the basement, and in that time Sherlock was chained to a wall, ice-cold, dehydrated, and had his arms cut open.
He says, and is pleased to notice that his voice sounds relatively strong, and much better than the last time they have met.
John Watson says and shakes Sherlock’s hand. John’s hand is warm, used to work and strong. John steps a bit closer, so passers-by will not be in danger of running into his broad shoulders any more.
John invites him, and Sherlock slumps into the black leather seat. John sits opposite into the red one and hands him a steaming cup of hot chocolate.
I’m actually really glad you got the position as Defence against the Dark Arts teacher, I bet your students can learn a lot from you.
He is shivering with the cold. Sherlock presses his aching wrist to his chest. He is still human, has not turned yet, if only he can survive the night…
He switches out of his clothes and into his pyjama and tries to forget the image of Mary still in John’s room. Once in bed, the turning world slows down a bit and allows Sherlock to think.
Smith had murdered patients in his own hospital. The only thing missing was written proof, which is the reason they broke into the man’s private flat in Kensington, a big penthouse with a great view of London. Not that the two had the chance to enjoy the view, given John’s head was bashed in and Sherlock had to surrender.
He demands and grabs Elizabeth’s phone. There it is, together with a horrible picture from the blown open building. It reminds John so much of the war, but he can’t go down that road now.
They had learned about the three Unforgivable Curses in Defence against the Dark Arts in their fifth year at Hogwarts.
John loves the sea, so it’s no wonder that the person he loves most comes from the sea. Not from some small, isolated island, but from a world John cannot enter but imagines a lot anyway.
John is now in front of him, panting, his eyes blown wide. The gun is still at his side. He is staring at Sherlock with anger, so much fear, and Sherlock has never seen a more beautiful sights. He wants to cry, and maybe he already is crying. John Watson is the most wonderful creature earth has ever seen, and like a Christmas miracle he is at the moment standing in this room, protecting Sherlock from every evil there is.
walked into the room and lightened his candle. He carefully checked the door again, yet everything was normal.
He drawls with his hateful voice and then touches Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock flinches, whimpering, and John explodes. He jumps over the bed, rips
John resolutely gets up, takes a small knife and slices his finger quickly open. He presses a few blood drops on the mattress. For the maids, who will undeniably have to check if their marriage was consummated. Sherlock has never been so relieved in his life.
Fortunately, this protection arrived at her wedding day, when an emotionally vulnerable Sherlock made the wrong deduction about her being pregnant. It was laughable easy. John believed it because Sherlock deduced it, and she just had to look shocked and then smile. For goodnes’s sake, both her and John are medically trained, and yet John never asked her how it happened, although they always use condoms, and she takes the pill (she doesn’t want any nasty surprises).
“Of course, all my thoughts constantly spiral around you and your perfect body.” Sherlock says, deadpan. His character gets up, and with a swirl of his designed black coat he gets out his fishing nook and throws it into the blue sea.
“I was walking the whole time. No sleep, no kind word, only pain. I am a captive of my own misery, in life and beyond. I missed so many opportunities, and now there is only regret.
A man, no, a Clown! Is standing directly in front of Sherlock, his big mouth wide open, displaying several rows of sharp, long teeth. Not a man, a monster! Sherlock screams in terror and dodges the attacking teeth just barely. The Clown laughs again cruelly.
They stand very close together, and the John in the Mirror smiles at Sherlock with all the happiness in the world. He puts his arm around Sherlock, and the Sherlock in the Mirror…
whispered Sherlock in a very small voice. It went quite as a tomb in the room. John regarded him nervously, licking his lips.
“My father used to say the same. I know you are 24 years old, fought in the last Roman war, got injured, possibly in the shoulder, your sibling is a drinker and moved away and you are now a popular gladiator and
Sherlock stared at him, utterly unable to comprehend it. He blinked, and blinked, and blinked and again.
John clings his glass with Sherlock’s together, before bowing down and pressing his lovely lips on Sherlock’s. In his heart, as well as outside, the firework starts.
John regards him with his worried professional-healer face: “You look a bit pale, actually. Shall I bring you a cup of tea?
“A few years ago, my brother and I had to plan our parents wedding anniversary. That was much worse.
John decides to take his chance. With the scary feeling of falling a hundred miles without a broom in sights, he steps close to Sherlock. He sees their kissing version one more time.
John called him lovely and that he adored him. Sherlock hugs his blanket to his chest and commits every single moment of the evening to a special room in his mind-palace. Nobody had ever said something like this to Sherlock, and Sherlock never expected it, even if he lived longer than Nicholas
The figure whispered, and Sherlock realizes that this must be Mister Watson’s son. He looks not much older than Sherlock, maybe one or two years.
„Don’t bother with the Freak.“ shouted an older boy. „He never talks and sometimes he coughs through the whole night.“
John guessed his nausea before Sherlock did, and so Sherlock finds himself, leaned over the bed and vomiting into a bucket, while John pulls his hair away soothingly.
"No, I won’t.“ John claimed resolutely and stopped next to Sherlock’s bed. He didn’t wait for any invitation, just untied his shoes and shed his Gryffindor robe, before climbing into bed. Sherlock tried to roll away, but strong arms curled around his waist, and he found himself pressed against John’s warm body.
“He is probably listening in right now, that bastard.” Sherlock says and raises his voice a bit at the end, so Mycroft, who is in the room to his left, can hear him. The only answer is a stifled cough through the walls.
Which is what happened. They were chasing a petty thief through Soho (Sherlock has already deleted what exactly the women stole) when John slipped on a wet plastic bag, fell down and cracked his head a bit. John was only unconscious for a few seconds, but Sherlock was still close to a heart attack. He ripped his black trousers when he crashed next to his fallen boyfriend, but Sherlock could not have cared less. All that mattered was that John woke up again and complained about people leaving their rubbish on the street.
He sobbed: „I was only a child, and I should have stayed with him or insist he come with us, but I left. I saw the first opportunity and I left. And I never came back. That’s why I should blame myself. I never came back for Sherlock.“
And now his and Moriarty’s screams fit together in one loud crescendo, and Sherlock loses himself. He dives to deep, until it is only him and the imaginative John, together in their favourite vision of the Room of Requirement. Together, and at peace.
The Queen asks. John tries not to flinch at being addressed so directly and familiar. It’s still unusual for him, although he doesn’t fear the Queen as much as he fears Sherlock’s brother.
Not even one word came over his dry lips. Sherlock was shaken to the core. He tried to move his legs but pain and more discomfort immediately wandered over his whole body. More tears shot into his eyes and he couldn’t prevent them from falling down. The man helped him seat and rubbed his back in (soothing) circles, which made Sherlock shake even more.
They had solved the case of the murder at the colosseum. Sherlock expected John to leave him for certain death after he followed the murderer into the carriage. Surprisingly, the gladiator arrived for his rescue, and even killed the man only when there was no other possibility. John was an excellent fighter, a talented
Sherlock whispers. His whole posture screams of exhaustion. Gladstone presses his bulky head against Sherlock’s chest, but recoils when the man gasps in pain.
John is immediately there and drags Gladstone away from Sherlock. Gladstone barks sadly. He did not intend to hurt Sherlock!
The werewolf costume is directly there, in the entrance of his mind palace. He can taste their laughters on his tongue, and the look of disgust of the girl who ended up as their victim.
raises her hands in exasperation: “Stop, the both of you. Professor Holmes, I told you when I employed you that your identity has to be kept a secret. Imagine how surprised I was this morning, when Miss
He always thought he would choose the life his parents envisioned for him, the life society expected of him, the life he thought he wanted.
Lestrade walked into the room without either of the two noticing him. He walks around the bed to finally greet the detective.
This is the reason why he is waiting at the terminal, together with eight wives, three husbands, four proud looking parents, three giggling friends, one girlfriend and two boyfriends with a young child. Sherlock deduces that he is the only man waiting for a male soldier, and only the second person in a same-sex relationship here (the girlfriend is looking eagerly forward as well to reunite with her female soldier).
John says quietly, and Sherlock’s heart breaks. Now it is him who reaches out and takes John’s hand.
Sherlock stares at Mycroft: “What did I do? It was your idea to set her up on her birthday with that secret sister ridiculousness.
She says, not bothered, while checking Allen’s forehead. Sherlock and John take a step back to give them some room. John is clearing his throat and stares out of the window, his face hard.
John jumps from his broom and is immediately next to them, checking Allen’s head. The boy has a bleeding gash on his forehead, and the other boy is clutching his wrist. The other students form a circle around them, murmuring.
, who was now standing in the middle of the room, still shocked at the events of the day. Old Marley waved his son closer, and
Sherlock exclaims excitedly. Maybe this promises to be fun after all. They seem to be the only visitor so there’s nothing to stop their extensive snogging. Which starts about now, as John envelops him in his strong arms (he has started working out to keep himself fit for all the criminal chasing) and starts kissing his neck very thoroughly. Christ, Sherlock adores it when John does this, and it is even more fun to watch it in all of the surrounding mirrors. John is right, this was a brilliant idea.
They originally didn’t want to marry in a church, never considered it to be allowed. Turns out the England Church liked their connection with the Royal Family more than their middle age values. Or
The hospital room has a small Christmas Tree is well, and the room is bathed in comfortable light. John walks up to the bed. There is no window, but it’s bright enough. Sherlock is lying on the bed with his back towards the door. The blanket is drawn up to his chin, and only his head is sticking out.
The names apparently run in the family. Best not to ask what happened with Sherlock’s relatives, it would only bring bad memories back, decided John. The new life he had now should be important.
The Astronomy tower seems like a good point to stop running, so Sherlock does. Coughing, he leans over the balcony to get fresh air. The night sky is clear, his quickly bought
John couldn’t help but be nervous about that. How does Sherlock feel right now? Is he on his way to the church, or to the airport on his way to some obscure city in middle America?
Mister Watson does not talk to him during the car ride from the auction house to what Sherlock presumes is their family house. It is a nice mansion with a big garden, and Sherlock wonders what his task is going to be like. Dusting the bookshelves?
Sherlock thinks this is all a pleasant dream while he falls into oblivion. Only two days later, when they are both back cuddling in their bed will John tell him what happened.
He had only met the politician twice before, the first time when he brought a twenty something Sherlock to a hospital to detox and the second time when at Sherlock’s fake funeral (that bastard). The older brother always seemed to creep him out and John’s horror stories about him certainly didn’t help. Nevertheless, they were all members of the Sherlock Holmes support group and so always connected.
Speaking of John, he has started chatting up Stella, who is wearing an admittedly gorgeous blue suit today. Sherlock wonders if John is just being friendly or if he seriously has not noticed yet that Stella is a lesbian and has a crush on Sally, who has not rejected Stella’s shy advances so maybe there is some hope there. It would be a big step up from Philip Anderson, after all.
“You seem quiet.” John suddenly says through the headphones, and Sherlock is ripped out of his thoughts.
“Dear god, I can not even contemplate it. It would have killed him, never walking again. I pressed my hands on the wound to stop the bleeding, and he looked terrified.
They stayed like that for a long while, just enjoying each other's presence and trying to calm themselves down.
John smiled. Hopefully the treat was something fluid. He hadn't had ha a good wine in ages. Or maybe a new table for his home?
Greg and Molly were hushing together right now, it looked suspicious for John. Tom seemed to think the same, he kept throwing angry glances at the two of them. John hoped Molly would not choose today to blow the engagement off, Mary wouldn’t want a distracting drama on her wedding day.
Sherlock offers instead, pointing at the giant cake. The house elves have created a few special Halloween themed receipts for today.
I was thinking we could ask them for help. The other creatures may leave us alone if we walk with them.
John shrugs. “I immediately felt you are someone special, and I know I have to be at my best to keep you entertained. So, I build you a house as a marriage gift.
And is through. Fresh air, lights, no mirrors, grass under his shoes! Sherlock gasps and presses his hands in front of his mouth to stop himself from throwing up.
five pounds, donated by a father and his daughter, the holiday a gift for her eighteenth birthday- and the five pounds flatter away, close to the full street…
He was now laying on the hard table, like a corpse in Mollys morgue. Both his hands and feet were strapped to the cold surface, mouth now full with ball gag that made saliva run down his chin. He had only seen this sort of device in a porno and he disliked it. His jaw was already beginning to hurt. The man was slowly opening every button of his shirt, and each time another one plopped open he leaned down and kissed his chest. Sherlock shivered, repulsed.
“Death of dehydration is certainly slow, but you already made a through a huge part of the journey. I have seen it with Miss Patel as well. It’s like slowly falling asleep.
Sherlock takes a deep breath and forces the nausea down: “Yeah, I just thought I saw… something. A Clown. With very large teeth.
As always, finding an empty spot was an absolute nightmare. It took him twenty minutes and then another ten minutes to find the right hospital room.
John quickly let water run into the bathtub and collected pain medication, his phone and charger, clothes for him and Sherlock (Mary had luckily bought him a pair of two large pants and trousers and an oversized jumper as a welcome gift), his laptop and his wallet into a bag. He hoped that Mycroft (damn that man) and his minions would take care of the rest of his meagre belongings.
“We have contacted both the Americans and the Serbians. Your former girlfriend is highly wanted. I can assure you that they will treat her as she deserves to be treated.”
„I’m new here, and I don’t like the other boys. Do you want to be my friend?“ John asked, with an innocence only children could possess.
"On the first day of your meeting, you cured John Watson of his psychosomatic limp. You gave him a home, a purpose, and a social circle. You solved cases and brought justice to dozens of victims and their loved ones. You were fighting against a madman, and you still soldiered on."
Sherlock wonders if John likes small talk, or if he is as bored by this kind of socializing as he is. One glance at John’s shaking hands confirms it.
John makes the hot chocolate himself this time. It is the middle of the night, and they don’t want to disturb the house elves.
They pull away, minutes, hours, later. Sherlock has his eyes closed, as if he can't believe this is not a dream.
Another giggle. Maybe it is another person trying to navigate themself through the labyrinth. At the very least, Sherlock would have a companion.
The train is fortunately almost empty, with only a few seniors sitting in a corner, knitting. Seeing this reminds John of how Sherlock took up knitting himself last year. Sherlock claimed it was for a case of course, but John later found a purple scarf in his sock drawer. John wonders if the dog from the animal shelter he has his eyes on would appreciate the scarf.
Sherlock looks down on his hands. They are shaking, and he has spilled some tea on the kitchen counter.
Sherlock is left alone at the grand entrance, totally speechless. A cat with a particular fur runs across from him, and Sherlock could swear he hears her giggle.
"I thought long and hard about it, but I have made my decision. I want to move back in here, together with Rosie."
The boy looked a bit older than Sherlock, maybe two years. He had short blond hair. Some raindrops were glistening in it. His blue eyes shone friendly, but Sherlock could detect
They still have a whole night to go, and traditionally, John was only allowed to see Sherlock in the church, but the two young men were never really traditional, and John refuses to be separated from his beautiful future husband for a whole night.
A few people are waiting at the counter, clutching their books, and Sherlock quickly opens the cash register.
“Of course. London may be exciting, but I’m sure I’ll still be bored plenty. I definitely need you at my side.
She sent me up to your room last night. Mary mentioned to me that you complained to her about stomach pain, and she asked me to check on you. I found your room deserted, but your cupboard next to the bed was open, and I recognized the rest of the
“I heard you.” John answered, and a look of deep understanding passed between them. Morse code, damn it. Why did John not notice it?
Then, rather involuntary after finishing the rest of the whiskey, John had kissed him. Accident or not, it definitely happened. The question is, would John repeat his action when he sobered up tomorrow?
He should have acted on the constant taunting the first time they happened. It would have been embarrassing to tell a teacher, but at least it would have ended, instead of dragging on before imploding into chaos. The words Mary had written were burned into his retinas, and Sherlock doubted he would ever manage to delete them.
The first marriage he witnessed up close was the relationship between his parents. His dad had only sporadic jobs, and his mother soon became to ill to work. The money was never enough for new shoes for Harry or for school books for John, and a holiday, a car or a pet was out of the question.
John’s mouth opens, and he gently presses Sherlock’s shoulder to do the same. Their tongues tease each other, until Sherlock involuntarily has to take a break to breathe.
John mumbles and strokes Sherlock’s trembling hip. His fingers start making scissoring movements to open Sherlock up, and the third finger slips in a little easier.
John asks abruptly, and Sherlock accepts. The two sit down at John’s teacher table. Sherlock rubs his frozen fingers (his fingers always go cold when he is nervous).
Fifth, he does not regret shooting his wife. He regrets not doing it sooner, before she had the chance to hurt Sherlock even more.
has ended that insane detention tradition long ago, and Sherlock has the peace and quiet to look for new plants and visit the thestrals. He does not tell John that, though.
has returned and is distributing their ordered drinks. He places one beer in front of John and another two in front of Sherlock.
Mycroft says absently and Sherlock wanders to the counter. The counter is on the other end of the café, so Sherlock is about 10 steps away when their corner explodes in a blazing glory. Sherlock’s body is thrown back from the power of the blast, and he knocks his head hard when he crashes down.
, celebrated witch, defender of Hogwarts and headmistress and at the moment, the most terrifying person Sherlock has ever encountered, is waiting for them behind her desk. The Oval Office is full of bookshelves, the phoenix Fawkes is resting on a bar over
A few years, when John visited his parents during a long weekend in his first term, his mother had shown him her golden wedding ring.
It wasn’t supposed to be like that. Sherlock Holmes and John Watson at Baker Street, catching criminals, with Sherlock’s hands not shaking and John’s hands smelling of gunpowder, with Mrs. Hudson baking cupcakes upstairs and the sound of London in their ears.
appeared to be nice, but John did not really trust her. All of Mary’s friend appeared not to be entirely nice to John, but they weren’t his friends, thank god. Well, as a married couple Mary will want him to attend all the boring couple meetings and diners with their friends, while acting like everything was good.
Mrs. Bird whispers, like it’s the biggest secret in the universe: “That is the thing, my dear. No one really knows.
John says, his voice sounding a bit cold. Sherlock does not dare to answer, and John partly carries him to the bathroom, with one arm slung around Sherlock's shoulder.
Sherlock asks annoyed. It is bad enough that John forced him to accompany the doctor for their visit to Sherlock’s parents, but did they have to attend the Halloween market with all its horrible attractions as well?
He had closed his eyes when his kidnapper had punched him, and now he doesn’t find enough strength to open them again.
“First, she is no longer my girlfriend. Second, I don’t want Sherlock anywhere near Mary. Is that understood?” John demanded, remembering Sherlock’s terrified face. The detective should not go through more emotional turmoil.
I have something planned for NaNoWriMo (Sherlock and John working as teachers at Hogwarts!) and I will most likely write a Christmas themed Johnlock fanfic, so watch this space if you enjoy my work <3.
He says and tries to move down, but everyone is concentrating on stupid rugby and no one lets him go through.
The assistant gently takes one of them in her arms and gives them over to John. It’s an Irish Settler, like Redbeard was, he has similar red fur and dark brown eyes, and his face is just as gentle. John lets the small puppy climb onto his lap. His paws play with his woollen jumper, and John carefully starts to stroke his deep fur. The puppy yelps excited, which makes John giggle.
The two rapidly became friends and solved their first case on that very evening. Sherlock liked to assist Scotland Yard with their most difficult crimes and even worked as a so called Consulting Detective
The gladiator himself ripped him out of his thoughts. While he and the new addition to the school had been training, Sherlock had cared for John’s armour. That the man already trusted him with that after declaring otherwise during their first talk was incredible.
three years ago. John always thought him very handsome, and after the speech, this only increased. Of course, he never believed he would actually meet the young prince, until Sherlock, a 19 years old, walked right into his coffee shop on a morning two years ago. Everything else processed from that.
Suddenly, the door of the cupboard opens a bit to let some light in, and a small figure slips in. Sherlock automatically presses his back against the wall, terrified of the new stranger.
“Prove how much you love me. That you won’t leave me again. Prove your love to me and I will trust you again.
Sixth, he loves Sherlock. He has at least since the first confrontation with James Moriarty at the pool. He has mourned him like a widower after his faked suicide. John came back to life when Sherlock returned to London. John is so deeply in love with Sherlock, he would without question throw himself into the path of every bullet. He wants to spend the rest of his life with the detective.
Sherlock prefers not to think about that. It had been a horrible year, but they are recovering. Their talk had taken weeks, and as your average British men, it had been quite awkward at times. Still, it was necessary, and Sherlock feels much lighter. John is beaming all day long. Many love confessions followed, whispers in the dark night. They hold hands and cuddle, but they haven’t kissed probably yet.
) with Sherlock being supported by John, half of his weight leaning on the other teacher. At any other moment, Sherlock would have been thrilled with the closeness to the other man, but now, all he can feel is dread.
The rest of the lesson goes by smoothly. Sherlock walks from table to table to  check everyone’s process and improves the tincture here or there. At the end of the ninety minutes, all first graders have a functioning ingredient and Sherlock has two book orders on his table.
“From what I have learned, your presence in John Watson’s life has only caused the latter pain, murder and lots of grief. Like my other three guests, you are a danger for your supposedly loved ones. You are causing him pain every day, Sherlock, just for existing!
The strange figure is Sherlock Holmes, and he is late for school. Usually, the teacher are required to arrive at least one week before the new term starts to attend teacher conferences and prepare their class room. Professor
recognized his younger self immediately. The boy had grown a bit, looking now about twelve years old.
Sherlock felt like he was going to explode from the anticipation alone. He wriggled his legs to signal John to finally get on it with, damn it!
Later, like a damn miracle, he met Sherlock Holmes. The one person he wanted to be shackled to for the rest of his life. For eighteen months, he finally felt at home and often even at peace. More so when they were chasing violent criminals through muddy streets and John could listen to Sherlock’s deductions after every solved case. He abandoned the dream of finding the perfect wife and starting a family (and
Sherlock is laying curled on the bed, hiding his head in his arms. He is still wearing his shirt, his trousers and socks, his shoes are peaking out from under the bed. John doesn’t spies his coat, scarf or mobile. They must have been lost in the explosion.
His eyes wander to his hand, where he always clutched the cane. Except now, there is no cane. The teacher jumps around and stares at the Forest with wide eyes, his mouth opening and closing in shock.
Sherlock can also read the man’s depression from the cane that is laying under their table, but maybe this better reminds unsaid.
can not finish his sentence due to uncontrolled laughter, and Sherlock excuses himself for a moment.
had called him pretty, but Mary always thought he looked rather weird. His eyes were too confusing, his plush mouth too feminine. The posh accent was used to further put people down and his hair had to take hours to curl that way. At least this was what John had once told her, when he was drunk. How it took him hours and hours to get ready, blocking the bathroom.
With an exhaustive sigh he drops on his comfy bed. With a flick of his wand, he opens the wall behind his bed frame.
couch and waited. A guard was standing by the door with his back to John. The guard knows that John is no danger to anyone at the moment. Three empty glasses of scotch are standing in front of him on the glass table.
Spartacus and his friends must hope that they could overturn the Roman Empire with run-away slaves, Sherlock taught. Could something like that really succeed? John interrupted his thinking.
John is ripped out of his deep thoughts by a soft snore coming from Sherlock. He giggles and presses his arm around the detective, so they can huddle closer together.
leans back in her chair and nods satisfied: “Yes, Professor Holmes will stay. I must say this is a long overdue and welcome progress in our society. The views of people may change slowly, but they change.
Molly turns half around and spies the blonde Sherlock is referring to. She is trying to look not suspicious, but in Sherlock’s mind, not unsuspicious enough.
Sherlock whispers into John’s ear, who is now leaning directly over him, shielding Sherlock from the rest of the room. Suddenly, Sherlock is able to speak in monosyllables.
Usually, Sherlock and John return from their adventures after a few hours. Not this time, and they did not pack their black bags either. Only John returned for a few minutes one evening, getting a new jumper and taking a quick shower. He mostly ignored Gladstone apart from a bit of scratching his ears. Gladstone could smell blood and worry on John‘s jumper, and he noticed his lips pressed tightly together.
John asks. “Your parents are still on their opera visit, so the bathroom is free for us. We could take a shower.
John got up and walked behind Sherlock. Some grunts were heard until he came back to free him of his handcuffs. His hands dropped to his side. The sharp restraints had rubbed his wrists raw to the point of bleeding. Now that he didn’t feel like someone was jumping on his chest he realized that there still something in his body. As much as the thought of stripping again made him nauseated, he wanted that damn thing out of him now.
Sherlock asks. He puts on his best smile and hopes his face is not forming several double chins right now.
He does what she tells him, not wanting to anger her further. Mary nods satisfied at him and then turns back to her husband.
The two boys had been close ever since kindergarten. They met on the playground, and five year old John had shoved away a much bigger boy who had taken away Sherlock’s shovel. They later teamed up and searched for dinosaur bones together. Dinosaur bones turned into pirate ships, which turned into a first written letter which turned into chemistry experiments which turned into misguided explosions which turned into hand holding and first kisses and years later they moved to London.
“I caught a bee yesterday and donated it.” John explains when they are in the insects rooms. The part of the museum Blathers probably has nightmares about.
He gesticulates wildly through the room. Nevertheless, the two start to sort through the huge piles. Molly throws two more strings around the shelves, why Sherlock drags the kitchen table from Mrs. Hudson’s living rooms to the store.
He was falling endlessly. John caught him. Again he wrapped his arms around him and pushed him up. His lips were moving without a pause, and Sherlock wished he could understand him but there seemed to be water in his ears. It took several minutes for him to regain his composure. Everything felt so surreal. Did he really get that lucky again? It looked like that. John was rubbing his back and had pressed his face into his stomach, hiding his face.
John answered, and they both resolved into giggles. It felt so good! John had not been so alive since he missed the army. Joining the gladiator school had been a poor alternative, and it was nothing against the joy he felt now. Heart thumping, hand perfectly still, perfect aim. John felt like himself again, and at that moment he knew that he would do everything to continue experiencing these emotions. Sherlock had brought him back into this world, full of excitement and danger, and therefore, Sherlock had to stay with him. Unbroken, not crippled, but chained. That evening John prepared a bed on the sofa, and that’s where Sherlock had slept ever since. They solved a few other cases, but the most noteworthy for John was the one with the ruined paintings. The artist had paid them money for solving it. For a moment Sherlock looked hopeful, but John had quickly spent it on a new armour and some food.
John picks up his large bag and Sherlock takes the dropped poster. Their hands find each other, and Sherlock wants to cry again at the familiar feeling of it. John’s shirt is already tear-stained though, so he forces himself not to.
Of course, it wasn’t long until they ended up in a bloody traffic jam. Probably caused by some bloody Brexiters. Unfortunately, this left John enough time to think again. He shoved the whole feeling of betrayal and bitterness and also sorrow towards Sherlock aside for a moment. They could deal with this later. For now, he had to focus on more immediate problems.
John’s arms stop him from practically falling out of bed, and the former healer wrestles the heavy blanket back over his patient.
Aside from that, there is also his secret to think about. Anyone coming closer to him could find out about him being a werewolf. Sherlock’s heart stutters when he even contemplates his secret getting revealed. He would never find work again, and the work is all he has.
allowed himself one last look at his younger brother and John Watson, who were now moping up the floor together. John must have mentioned something funny, because Sherlock was softly giggling.
“Don’t thank me, thank the students. I will expect you both tonight at the Christmas party for the teachers.
Sherlock managed a nod and Johns hand moved to his entrance while his other hand rubbed his stomach soothingly. It hurt for a few seconds, but then that thing was finally out of him. Some blood was rolling down his thigh. John starred for a few seconds at the plug, then he threw it away. They both could hearfeets running down the corridor outside of the room, and John hastily redressed him. When Lestrade and two other sergeants finally entered the room, they found them both huddled together with John trying to raise every trace the man had left on Sherlocks body.
The oven blinks, and the waitress is busying herself with getting the warm cake out. Sherlock wonders if John would appreciate a piece of cake when he returns from work, and decides on yes. Sherlock would like to be a considerate and affectionate boyfriend (with John of course, not just with some random guy). Cake will certainly help with that.
John guides the puppy outside, who looks down the street with his adorable eyes. The wind makes his long ears fly.
Sherlock kicks his boots from his feet and shuffles out of his coat. John starts to shed his heavy winter clothing as well while he lights up their fireplace. Soon, the wood is burning and it casts a nice shine over their new home. John goes back to their bed, eagerly. Sherlock is waiting for him.
He snarls and hopes nobody listens to them. He can hear Molly’s soft giggles in the background. Traitors, the both of them.
He walks down in the most intimating way possible, the door closing with a soft bang. The chatting abruptly stops and silence descends on the classroom. Sherlock lights the dozen candles on the ceiling with a wave of his hands. The group of eleven years old — the new
Around eleven o’clock, he fell asleep, thinking of the Christmas party downstairs. He wonders if Mary and John are dancing together.
for that, after the Victor Trevor catastrophe, but the crown prince went a bit too fair with the Harry
That was nearly one year ago. A lot had happened since then. Sherlock had to go through months of rehab after his still unexplained run from the hospital, and it took him months to fully recover. He had heard from Mrs Hudson that John and Sherlock would celebrate Christmas at Sherlock’s parents in the countryside, together with the now heavily pregnant Mary. She and John apparently had a huge fight after Sherlock was shot, and the detective wanted to reconcile the two.
There will probably another chapter, where the two can talk, take a holiday in Sussex and finally kiss properly. Just not now. Maybe sometime in the future.
Dozens of people were gathered in the Great Hall around the four long tables. Sherlock wondered why all of them were staring down, whispering together. A few noticed him approaching and took a few steps aside. Sherlock stepped through.
His parents welcome him back with lots of plans for his dorm room and London and the books he has to buy. John lets their mindless chatter wash over him. He wonders if he has made a terrible mistake.
Flitwick suddenly says and runs off to his first lesson. Sherlock’s stomach does an unpleasant turn. Of course the other teachers know that Sherlock tried to become an
But Sherlock can not. Neither John nor Sherlock can know this at the moment, but it will take months until Sherlock is able to speak again. The
nearly died because of an overdose on that plane that was supposed to deliver him to his drawn-out execution.
Sherlock is chained up and freezing in a cell in Serbia, with a thug beating him bloody. At least Mycroft was there to rescue him. Sherlock isn’t sure if his older brother will be there for him this time.
in them too. A future soldier? The boy was shorter than him, but his arms were muscled and his body language showed a confident nature. The phone in his pocket looked new, but there was a big scratch on the display. A gift from a sibling maybe?
John whispers, and walks into the forest with confident strides. Sherlock follows his friend and wonders whether John’s fellow
John hoped that soon, he would crawl back into his bed, because the gladiator was ready to burst. He had not pleasured himself once, and the desire was eating on him. He could just go to a simple pleasure house, but he knew that no one would compare to the slave lying on his sofa. John wanted to spread these long legs, have these sinful lips and bury himself deep into Sherlock. He knew he could take his slave without question, but he wanted Sherlock to desire him too. John wanted to be Sherlock’s only supplier for pain and pleasure. He wanted to mark Sherlock’s body with his hands and teeth, until the only sound that escaped from the cupid bow was John’s name. Mine.
Santa explains, and gets out his pocket knife. Or was it already in his hand, and Sherlock didn’t notice it through his blurry eye vision? He looks at it warily. Somehow, this knife brings back bad memories, but Sherlock isn’t able to say why.
Sherlock still struggled with his words. He was staring at his shoes now, could not face John. It reminded John of the time he asked him to be best man. The stakes were so much higher now.
, popular at school, had about fifteen girlfriends — and presumably two boyfriends —, is friendly and patient from the outside but his career establishes the fact that there is a hidden steeliness and brutality behind the kind blue eyes.
Sherlock smiled. John stretched around him and clicked the light out. They were wrapped in darkness. A brilliant idea came to him. He had to redo a mistake.
Sherlock hasn’t yet. There is no apparent connection between the victims, they all died of cold, dehydration, and Jones because of an overdose. Their bodies were delivered to either their spouses, their parents or their best friend. Not only that, they were marked with a sign, marking it as a gift for their loved ones.
Sherlock digs his hands deeper into John’s red jersey jacket. His boyfriend had gifted the jacket to Sherlock on the day they first kissed (23 days, 8 hours and 32 minutes) and from that day on, Sherlock is frequently seen wearing the red jacket which has the letters WATSON and the number 21 on the back of it. John had asked him to wear the jacket for their first game today, and Sherlock happily obliged. He does enjoy feeling the other girls (and some boys) jealous glances on his back when he walks by.
The looks of absolute delights on so many faces makes their hard work of the last weeks definitely worthwhile. Sherlock is sitting on his chair in the Great Hall, observing everyone’s entrance. The teachers really outdone themselves this year.
Sherlock says, averting his eyes from the terrifying werewolf poster. “How was your first day teaching?
A warm arm settles around his shoulder. Sherlock doesn’t have to look to see that it’s John, he can recognize him from his smell, a bit of wool, tea and something that says purely John Watson.
John rarely opened the shoe box and looked at the items collected in it. He enjoyed his time in the military, it gave him a purpose, kept him busy and even offered him some sort of companionship. If he wouldn’t have been shot, he would have grown old with it.
But at that moment, all he managed to focus on was John’s heartbroken expression when Sherlock had thrown all these horrible accusations at him.
“Good morning everyone, and welcome to your first potion lesson. Apart from your other classes, you can leave your
“This is my special stare. I use it when people are behaving in a way Aunt Lucy wouldn’t approve of.
Sherlock’s bed was in the left corner next to a big window. John was standing in front of it, obscuring the patient from his view, while he was arguing with the annoyed looking doctor.
In ten minutes, the week will be over, and he only has about fifty essays to grade till next week. It is fine, it is all fine. Only five minutes more, and he can tell them to start cleaning up. He will close his eyes for just a second…
In a few minutes, someone will enter the room and spread a ton of blood all over your clothes and the room. They will then burn an almost identical looking corpse on fire in the parking lot. I think that is going to occupy them for a while.
He spoke too early. The clock gave one last deep, dull, hollow, melancholy sound. ONE. At once all the candles came to life in the room, and the curtains were thrown open.
Indeed, dozens of male students were dancing around the room, wearing fancy dark suits and ties. A few others are watching them, while drinking champagne.
They cross the rest of their walk in silence. The classroom is thankfully deserted, except for a few old tables and chairs, most of them missing legs. All the curtains are
“That is good.” John answered, very relieved. He was so ready to be done with this day and especially her.
John growls. Sherlock’s hands find his trouser zip and finally, John is finally completely naked as Sherlock is.
He is slurring a bit. Sherlock finishes his third glass and wonders if John will throw him out now. He consumed way too much fire whiskey to walk straight.
This exchange however, was much more than a warm blanket and a full stomach. Thanks to Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock received a home, and a reason to stay clean. Furthermore, he now has the possibility to snuggle up in the evening and relax with a book. Not since his early childhood — before his brother drowned and his parents disappeared behind a veil of grief — had he known such tranquillity.
He watches helplessly as the two men clink their glasses together and drink the scotch. John notices Sherlock’s hand shaking.
Mary sounded so optimistic and sincere. Why was he not more like her? John forced himself to breathe in and out at the same time as Sherlock. It calmed him down.
Sherlock likes Mrs. Hudson and Molly, he likes the two cats, he likes coffee with sugar, he likes chemistry and solving crimes from the newspaper but most of all, he loves the bookstore. This is where he can roam every day for new treasures and where he can talk about books without anyone getting annoyed about it. It is practical that Sherlock reads everything, from
Their ride from Baker Street to the hospital was tense and silent. Greg occasionally glanced at his passenger, who was leaning with his head against the window. John had deep eye bags and frowned, but his hand was perfectly steady, his gaze determined, focused on his goal.
John moved into these two rooms after he returned injured from the war, the old woman had gladly rented them to him. Seeing the sparely decorated rooms again, he missed the
Sherlock interrupts him and nervously bites his lips. “Tomorrow is our wedding night, and I know what is expected of me, and I promise I am, but what if I am… disappointing for you.
He whispers against them, and enjoys Sherlock’s shaky inhale. Jesus, he loved the boy’s reactions from whatever John does to him. Sherlock is always so delightfully responsive.
John is standing on his doorstep, nervously clenching and unclenching his fist which leans on the wall.
John sighs, steps in and closes the door behind him, which means Sherlock is trapped in this room and in this painful conversation he doesn’t want to have.
He whispers, voice quivering in fear while he searches for any marks on John’s beautiful body. By every god that is supposedly out there, please did not let him hurt John Watson.
Where he will properly spend the rest of Christmas and New Year’s Eve in his flat alone, only with his skull and his violin for company. Maybe Mrs. Hudson will bring up biscuits, she always misses him when he is working at school. She may be his landlady and not his housekeeper, but she is more of a surrogate mother. Sherlock misses her.
Sherlock frowned. In his short time in the capital, he had learned that not much could scare these people.
He had read Love, Simon on the train journey. Sherlock had expected the book to last for his whole trip, but it turned out to be a surprisingly entertaining and funny book. Of course, he figured out who the mysterious
John tells him, and gives Sherlock the precious gifts. The stuff looks delicious in Sherlock’s starved mind, and he quickly wolfs it down before it can be taken away from him.
poster on the wall, a perfect replica of a human brain. Why again is John considered “the romantic one” in their relationship?
Now, on the seventh day, they are both finally back. Gladstone heavens himself up from his preferred blanket at the fireside and waggles into their direction. Sherlock is leaning on a pair of crutches, while John is hanging up their warm coats.
Drying Sherlock off and putting clothes on him was a bit easier now that Sherlock was awake. John quickly cleaned the gashes on his back and put bandages on him. Thankfully he always kept a fully stocked emergency bag under the sink. Sherlock even managed to swallow a pill. John did not dare to give him more before Sherlock had not eaten something, but this would at least take the edge off. He was also not shivering any more and started to gain some colour, so the bath must have helped a bit.
The longer she thought about that episode, the more annoyed she got. Mary got up, took a knife from the kitchen drawer and then started to cut through the hair, curls landed on the floor, and she kicked them under the table. She went on for a few minutes until his hair was much shorter. Mary admired her work for a moment, before she cut through his lips with a determined slash. The man under her groaned and convulsed on the table. A few blood drops were now on his face. Mary laid the knife next to his arm and sat down again. She felt a bit better, but no way satisfied. Her eyes focused on his face again. Sherlock had started to shake, and she wondered what he was dreaming about. Certainly nothing good.
