Sherlock marvels.
“She was never the same afterwards. I think…”
John looks searchingly up at him, the familiar crease between his brows betraying his worry. “Better?”
Time seems to slow, like honey dripping from a spoon.
kissing him, because he wanted to, because he wanted
Sherlock reflected sadly that the John of earlier today would have been notably impressed with this accomplishment. He might even have kissed Sherlock in thanks.
“What about the night I got back from New Zealand, when you made me drink that whole bottle of wine?”
Stamford nods.
If John’s goal had been to make Sherlock utterly come undone, then it would be safe to say at this juncture, that his plan had proved successful.
John goes on talking, his gaze transfixed on Sherlock’s hand, his voice full of sorrow.
John is already pulling out the cork with his teeth. “I didn’t bring any glasses though, so we’ll have to share a cup if that’s alright with you.”
Sherlock had seen one of the boats pull up this morning, full of people who looked different than most people Sherlock had seen before, their skin very dark, their clothing brightly colored, speaking a language he knew was not Portuguese.
Sherlock hears the scrape of a bench being pushed back as one of the sailors rises to his feet, then the sound of footsteps, slow and deliberate, making their way back toward the stairs.
The shaky burst of John’s breath against the side of his neck communicates to him that it is in fact, more than alright, but he still wants to hear John say it.
If he was honest with himself, of course, he had to admit that it had started long before that, but it was Moriarty who had brought it to his attention. Moriarty, slithering around him in the locker room, fingers on John’s neck, whispering in his ear, “I know how you feel about him. He’ll never reciprocate you know. He doesn’t have the same… needs.” His hands ghosting down John’s sides as he tugged him into the vest, a mockery of intimacy, fingers skimming John’s hips, making him jerk. “Easy there, solider boy. I’m not going to hurt you. I’m just trying to strap a bomb to your chest. Jesus. Trust issues is right.”
He washes his hair first—scrubbing soap into his tangled curls, sighing with pleasure as he massages his scalp, before working the knots out with his fingers, water running down the lengths of his arms to drip in splotches on the filthy floor.
“If you’re simply suggesting I sit here with you eating frozen dessert products then I’d rather crawl back under the desk to die.”
John presses his forehead against Sherlock’s and the spark he sees in John’s eyes in response makes Sherlock gasp again.
John rubbed his thumb over the back of Sherlock’s palm, desperate to offer him whatever comfort he could.
Sherlock’s fingers tighten on the vial, and this time, he nods.
“But it doesn’t make sense. There’s no r-reason why you’d want me around. It’s not logical!”
He actually saw Sherlock’s pupils grow darker in response to his request.
He wonders how far she could have gotten by now. The other longboats were no more than an hour ahead of theirs.
John still looks curious but he nods, stepping away from Sherlock so he can reach down for his bags.
“No!” Sherlock’s eyes fly open, horror filling him at the prospect that John would think he had freely offered up that information, even with the goal of getting John out of danger.
Within minutes he can feel his limbs are coated slick with sweat, his curls sticking damp to the nape of his neck, and he begins to suspect it isn’t the heat at all, it’s simply the fire at the heart of Sherlock that is burning him up, his desire for John that burns brighter and brighter in his absence, until Sherlock fears it will consume him.
“You didn’t,” Sherlock says haltingly, awkwardly. “You don’t.”
“This is a song I learned from our own Fionn MacConnell. He can sing the song in Irish—but speaking no Irish myself, I’ll be singing the version he taught me with just the one word of Irish thrown in.” John grins at somebody in the crowd, and Sherlock sees Fionn winking back at John. Then he bows his head, his expression sobering. “It’s called ‘The Blackthorn Tree.’”
Sherlock’s voice was as cool as his gaze. “Because you wanted me to.”
“It’s so that you might keep a record of your thoughts during your voyage.”
And what’s most impossible of all, Sherlock thinks, feeling stricken, is that he should care for Sherlock the way he does.
And then words were beyond him as Sherlock slid his mouth around the head of John’s cock, swallowing down the first few inches in one seamless slide, his lips stretched wide to accommodate its not un-sizeable girth.
to know it, suddenly more than he’s ever wanted anything else in the world.
“Aye, sir.”
“Obrigado, obrigado. É o bastante.” John bows to the man to show his gratitude, one hand pressed to the center of his chest, near his heart. Sherlock wonders where he learned the gesture—whether it’s something appropriate to the local culture, or whether he’s simply improvising; or perhaps it stems naturally from the depth of his feeling.
“But I want to feel your cock inside me; I want you inside of me, Sherlock.”
John is silent for several moments and Sherlock waits, feeling apprehensive.
He needs to tell somebody what he’s found out, somebody who will understand the implications of what all this means, somebody who won’t just tell him to keep away, to stay out of it. That seems to be the theme of the day—people telling Sherlock to ‘stay out of it,’ as if he’s a spoiled child who’s stumbled on something dangerous that he doesn’t understand.
His eyes absorbed the information at first in fragmented flashes—as though his brain knew that taken as a whole, the scene would be too much to take in. He saw only pieces: a rack hung with chains, a meat saw, a metal basin, several stained plastic buckets, some still half-full of blood, others knocked over.
Sherlock feels a twinge of sudden worry that Miss Hooper will be equally unwilling to speak with him now that she has learned of the Lieutenant’s wishes in the matter.
“I’m sure John will be back before you know it.”
His hands are full of John, and
good, that all he can do is cling to the front of John’s shirt, hips rising up to meet his hand with every stroke, breath panting out of him in shallow bursts.
There are a few minor adjustments needed—the hair is all wrong, and needs to be hidden more convincingly beneath the cap; but more than that, Sherlock realizes she needs to learn to hold herself differently. The way she stands is all wrong—it’s a dead giveaway.
—what if she can’t make it down the side of the ship without falling in?
John pulled his arms out from under his body, resisting the urge to provide some much-needed friction on his cock by thrusting into the pillow. He had a feeling Sherlock would be opposed to that.
“Thank you, Hopkins,” Sherlock says, patting the boy condescendingly on the shoulder as he walks past. “Don’t worry, your secret is safe with me.”
“I’m not just an amalgamation of my body’s responses, Sherlock!” he said, his voice shaking with rage. “I’m not just… flesh!”
He folds and seals the paper and tucking it into his waistcoat pocket, he heads out the door of his cabin and towards the upper deck, hoping that the mail barge has not yet left.
At the sight of Stevens looming over him, tensing his thickly muscled arms in threat, Sherlock feels fury lance through him.
“I came to ask if you’d like to venture up on deck, get a bit of fresh air before nightfall. It’s a gorgeous evening, and I’d be happy to accompany you. That is,” he goes on to add, “In case the stairs prove too much.”
Sherlock feels his cheeks heat with embarrassment. He has no idea what to say in response.
,” he says, as John’s fingers begin to move in tiny circles, his eyelids sliding almost shut.
“It’s a shame really… that we don’t have more control over what our hearts want.” She chews her lip as she looks out over the horizon—it’s a habit that she has; Sherlock has seen her do it when she’s nervous. “I never would have chosen this.”
Matthews fills their mugs with ale—all but one sailor—who sits, waiting, at the end of the bench, his body tense, eyes watchful, filthy kerchief still around his neck.
Sherlock does not think he could live with himself.
But somehow with John singing it now, it doesn’t feel trivial or common at all. The story feels unique—heart breaking. It makes Sherlock think about how he would feel if John tried to leave him on shore.
“Jesus, Sherlock! What? What could be so important about the Haymarket Strangler that it can’t wait until I’m dressed?”
For one wild moment, the only thought in John’s mind was to know what Sherlock’s hair would look like lit up by that beam of sunlight.
Perhaps he just stepped away for a moment; perhaps he is outside of Sherlock’s line of sight.
“I’m not sure I know how to answer that.” He looks down at the calluses on his palms, spreading his hands in his lap as he goes on talking. “I’ve always worked—my whole life. Work is what I know. I’m not sure I would know what to do with myself if I wasn’t working. It’s just a part of life. And I enjoy it. Well—most of it.” John smiles wryly. “There are some tasks that I don’t think I’ll ever warm to.”
“Yes, thank you,” John says genuinely. “I’m feeling much more… grounded.”
His grin widened suddenly, dead eyes crinkling at the corners.
“That’s cause you’ve got such a fair complexion, Stevens,” says Patterson, who’s about John’s age and is as brown as a nut. He grins up at the other sailor. “You burn about as nicely as a roasting pig—all red and crispy.”
Sherlock continued to stand in the doorway, looking at John.
Thanks as always for reading, my lovelies. <3
“OYE! Anderson! What are you doing?”
“Why is he murdering the passengers?”
“It isn’t right—the way he punished that boy. This is not a naval vessel. It’s a merchant ship. Boys are beaten like that in the navy all the time, but this is a
Miss Goodfellow purses her lips so hard they vanish entirely from sight.
John was right to worry. This new information does make Sherlock feel intimated, and absurdly jealous over John’s past lovers, but if he is perfectly honest with himself then Sherlock has to admit that he had already suspected as much. John being who he is, Sherlock doesn’t understand how half the world hasn’t already fallen in love with John.
“I caught you a serial killer, Inspector. I should think that’s plenty for one day.”
“Tell me what I need to do.”
He was distantly aware of trying to rise higher and higher off the bed as his orgasm burst through him, Sherlock’s fingers and mouth the only things in the world holding him together, anchoring him in a world of pure sensation. He felt his internal muscles clench around Sherlock’s fingers with each pulse of his orgasm; the feeling of Sherlock swallowing down his release seeming to draw more and more shuddering waves of pleasure from his body.
Seeing John’s face lit up with that smile is like the sun coming out from behind a cloud. Sherlock basks in it.
But before they can take one step towards the door, to Sherlock’s eternal horror he hears Lieutenant Deverall’s voice at his shoulder.
“How did you
“Forgive me, but—I was wondering if I might borrow Mr. Holmes. I just need a few words with him in private. Do you mind?”
He should have known. Should have known that the utter bliss of the last few hours—waking up next to Sherlock, the fantastic sex, lying around together, taking a break from fucking only long enough to eat breakfast before going back to it again—was too good to last. It had felt impossible, too good to be true, and of course, it was. All his worries, all the terrors of the outside world had temporarily vanished in the cozy interior of 221B, but they hadn’t really vanished.
“I know.”
“The sex is only getting more intense.”
“John,” he says again, more softly still, leaning back to trace the corners of John’s sorrowful mouth with his thumbs before kissing him, his movements full of reflexive tenderness, but at the touch of his lips on John’s, he feels fear flutter at his breastbone because John is not moving underneath his touch; he is as still and motionless as though he were carved from stone.
He clasps his hands tighter around John’s waist, his gasp of pain transforming into a moan of pleasure as John licks and sucks at the freshly bruised skin. The sweet sensation of John’s warm wet mouth against his skin is shot through with little stars of pain, making the pleasure of it all the more intense.
If you would like to hear versions of the songs John sings in this chapter, you can find the first one
“I’m sure you will be.”
“Let go of me!”
Sherlock pushes his body forward against John’s, his nervousness all but forgotten, and he’s so adamant about kissing John, about getting his body as close to John’s as possible that he’s entirely forgotten where they are until he feels John stumble against the edge of his bunk.
Sherlock feels his erection throb at the low pitch of John’s voice, at how near it is to his straining cock. He feels John’s mouth slide lower, his warm lips now ghosting the crease of Sherlock’s thigh. Sherlock’s hips buck shamelessly in response.
Sherlock is silent in the wake of all this information. He’s horrified all over again, learning about what happened to John—both in his time on that naval ship, and afterward—in losing Mary.
Sherlock did so, wordlessly, and something in John’s demeanor must have communicated his need for silence because Sherlock said nothing else for the remainder of the procedure. He stood in the doorway and watched John sew the wound shut, his eyes following the progress of the needle with unswerving focus.
Sherlock raised his gloved hands in the air in a gesture of peace. “Please, don’t—”
John rises to his feet, calm as ever. “Yes, I’m well aware of that. Coming right now, sir.”
He has to clench his hands into fists at his sides and will his body to stay still.
Sherlock’s heart is pounding so hard he feels light-headed.
Sherlock sits on the edge of his bunk, and piles the stack of paper fragments beside him on the bed. He selects one at random and smoothing the paper open in his hand, he recognizes immediately the small, even lines of his brother’s script.
“It’s all right.” Sherlock is quick to reassure him. “I won’t tell anyone that you told me.”
The answer comes to him then in a burst of clarity. It’s the simplest thing possible.
It’s heartening to see Billy’s eagerness upon recognizing him, and it occurs to Sherlock, not for the first time, how fortunate he is to be able to count Billy among his few allies onboard.
“Oh come now, you can’t be this shocked that I’ve noticed. You’ve been trailing after him like a lovesick schoolgirl for the better part of a week. Surely,
“I thought maybe just for a few days, I could escape that feeling. Before the bars of the cage close around me for good.”
John sees Sherlock watching him, lifts his chin in invitation and Sherlock bends down to press his mouth to John’s. He tries to kiss him but he’s too far gone to complete the action with any kind of precision. Instead, his mouth slips wetly over John’s, John’s tongue coming out to meet him, tracing the swollen length of Sherlock’s bottom lip.
But if the captain notices John’s defiant stare, he doesn’t acknowledge it. His eyes are all for Deverall and Baynes.
John’s body looks miniscule in the vast expanse of open-ocean and he is far, too far from the side of the ship for Sherlock’s liking.
They eat in the cool shade of the doorway, looking out at the deep blue ocean, and once again, Sherlock feels from the roots of his hair down to the tips of his toes, a feeling of the most exquisite earthly bliss.
The sight of Sherlock’s long body so loose and yielding, stretched out under John’s gaze, made him forget the sound of Sherlock’s phone entirely, which was going off a second time, moving with every vibration closer to the edge of the coffee table.
He tried to step around Sherlock but Sherlock moved with him, keeping himself between John and the stairs.
John’s eyelashes feel wet against Sherlock’s skin, and he pulls back slowly, a note of admonishment in his voice. “John, you’re not crying again, are you?”
He heard Sherlock cross to the table where he’d left his glass of champagne, heard the clink of the glass as Sherlock picked it up and then set it down again, and then before John had opened his eyes, Sherlock was crowding in against him, invading John’s space, leaning his forearm against the wall over John’s head, making a cage with his body.
John nods. “It’s a good quality to have. It means you’ll learn a great deal about the world very quickly.”
He hovers for a moment by the door to get his bearings, eyes roving carefully over every object in the room. He wants to be certain he leaves it exactly as he found it. This is a room in which everything has its place, whose proprietor will know immediately if anything is out of order.
It couldn’t continue—Anderson’s treatment of them; Sherlock couldn’t stand by and let it happen anymore; he had been prepared to make it right, no matter the cost, even if it meant offering up another man’s life.
As much as he dislikes Anderson, he’s never struck Sherlock as a very intimidating person, but something about him in this moment is different—unbalanced, unhinged. Something in his manner makes fear awake in Sherlock, makes him freeze instinctively like a rabbit caught in the jaws of a wolf.
He pushed his hips down into Sherlock, writhing shamelessly against him, fingers coming up to clench in Sherlock’s damp curls.
John pulls away again, breathing hard, eyes glittering.
He’s still wearing his trousers, Sherlock realizes, shocked, so he relinquishes his hold to allow John to tug them off and kick them away into the darkness.
It’s almost too much.
“Like you’re a wolf pup that hasn’t eaten in a week. All teeth and dark eyes.” John’s voice is low and heavy, as heavy as Sherlock’s body feels as he leans over John, hands hot on his hips. He feels like any second now he will dissolve, become liquid just so he can pour himself over John, seep into every inch of him.
John leans back down against Sherlock, until his lips are at his ear.
“Sherlock!”
He kissed the whole length of the raw and ragged cut—so softly that John had to put a hand up to cover his eyes—the heat of Sherlock’s careful, shuddering breath like a balm to his wounds.
Sherlock almost falls to his knees in the sand, he is so overcome.
It only takes him a moment to find it.
He could see the muscles in Sherlock’s back were clenched. “Keep going.”
“That’s why you said what you did to Anderson, isn’t it? To distract him—you were worried he would figure it out.”
The kiss was ravenous—it felt like Sherlock was trying to swallow him whole, like he was afraid someone was going to pull John away from him before he got what he wanted.
“You can put your hands on my head if you like.”
His fingers fumble at the buttons of Sherlock’s trousers and Sherlock lets go of John briefly to help him, equally desperate for the feel of John’s naked cock against his own.
He ordered himself to lie still, even as his heart threatened to pound out of his chest, panic lapping at the edges of his mind.
John put his hands over his face and then lowered them to look at Sherlock. “That was—that was—”
Sherlock took John in his hand under the water, diving back down to recapture John’s mouth with a growl.
Sherlock can hear the smile in John’s voice.
Sherlock’s heart leaps into his throat. “You—?”
He felt the bed shift as Sherlock leaned forward. “I’m not leaving until you talk to me. You need to tell me what happened, John. What he did. What he said. All of it. It’s the only way you’re ever going to be able to move on. You have to
“Splendid, splendid. Do I have your permission then to begin spreading the good news? It’s only that… well, the ladies have much to prepare for, sir. I believe they would appreciate the additional hour or so.”
The captain steps forward, his beady eyes glimmering as he turns to look into the faces of the men standing in a circle around him.
, Sherlock. Your fucking mouth—”
Sherlock finds John’s mouth again, kissing him more softly this time, hands sliding up John’s back to his shoulder blades to pull John closer in against him.
Sherlock lets out a shaking breath and John pulls back a little to look at him, his eyes sweeping over Sherlock’s face as if making sure that he’s alright.
He felt Sherlock’s mouth drag softly over his hairline, reaching down to press a kiss to his temple before pulling back.
“Hey. Sherlock…” It’s only when Sherlock feels the soft exhalation of John’s breath against his shoulder that he realizes just how tightly he’s holding onto him.
Sherlock can see his chest heaving from where he stands.
“I’m guessing this kind of event is invitation only. How are we going to get past the goons?”
“Oh, Sherlock… oh…”
John shifted uncomfortably as his thoughts flooded with memories of their interaction in the hallway.
Sherlock shivers with dread at the memory of Anderson’s face twisted in hatred, the cold dark water closing in over their heads. He feels John’s arms tighten around him.
He loves it when John tells him he has done a good job. He feels, sometimes, that there is nothing he wouldn’t do if it guaranteed him John’s approval. The feeling is both terrifying and exhilarating at once, like walking along a precipice above a long drop, or balancing on a high wire above a chasm filled with flame.
“It was their doing that brought me here tonight—did you know that?”
A shiver of anticipatory pleasure runs down Sherlock’s spine. John must hear his sharp intake of breath because he smiles before turning back to his bag.
“Forgive me, sir, I believe I may have misunderstood.” Lestrade’s tone is carefully apologetic. “You cannot mean—that is, if I heard you correctly—that you intend for us to sail tomorrow morning?”
John strides into the sea of people, pulling Sherlock behind him by the hand, and it is like being in the presence of a king, or a god, the way the men part before him and then close back in, pounding John on the back, calling out in greeting, pushing tankards into his hand.
Sherlock nods his head against John’s.
Mr. Graves hesitates before responding and Sherlock wonders if the other man has pushed his luck too far.
“You owe this to him, Mycroft! You owe him some semblance of justice. This is the
He fought to keep his hips from rocking up into Sherlock’s mouth, not wanting to overwhelm him, the fingers of his left hand clenching in desperation, pushing in against his temple.
Sherlock knows that John is right. Through the haze of his diminishing orgasm, that flicker of fear is rising back to life inside him again. How many minutes have elapsed since they came down here? Five? Ten? It’s impossible to tell.
“In that case, I’m certain your friend will be just fine. It’s no wonder it took such a strong dosage to sedate him.”
Sherlock’s orgasm is explosive, bursting over him in the wake of John’s gentle prompting.
Thank you, as ever, for your patience between updates. This term has been much busier than I anticipated, but things are nowhere near as crazy as they were last fall, so hopefully there will be more OFD again very soon.
John fiddled with his bow tie in front of the mirror. He’d never been very good at tying bow ties. No matter how many times he tried, it came out looking lopsided. He sighed and decided to give it up.
Sherlock shifts uncomfortably in John’s arms, his skin still crawling with guilt, but knowing that he will regret it later if he does not say; the information is too important to keep from John.
John’s eyes fly open with a shocked gasp.
He is doubly fortunate in the fact that there is no one else around—not even Mr. Amesbury, Sherlock’s nosy neighbor who’s so fond of lingering outside his door.
The smile faded from Sherlock’s face and he returned his gaze to the computer screen. “No.”
Suddenly he looks so old again. His face is drawn—that same, tight smile pulling at his mouth. He sighs, draws a deep breath, blinks the sun out of his eyes.
“But I remember kissing you.” Sherlock’s eyes returned to John’s and it was like being struck in the chest, there was such intensity in Sherlock’s gaze. “I remember pulling you down against me. I remember you stopped resisting then, and I thought, ‘He wants it, he wants this,’ and the way your mouth felt, the way you fit against me—it confirmed everything I felt. There was only one thought in my mind—my noisy, chaotic, over-stimulated mind—and it was as clear as a bell: this is the way things are meant to be.”
Sherlock nods.
Sherlock pressed a light kiss to the place and then pulled back. “You were telling me about your dream,” he prompted, now moving to kiss John’s other shoulder.
Sherlock curls his fingers so tightly around the paper in his hands that he feels the wound in his palm throb.
“What is it, Sherlock?”
John went limp. He felt his wrists pulled together and lashed tightly with a thin strip of synthetic material.
Sherlock doesn’t move. His mouth is bleeding. On his knees in the mud, his face streaked with dirt; he just looks at John. He doesn’t say anything.
Sherlock is rigid with horror against John, his mind heaving with the implications of all the things John isn’t saying.
Sherlock is so pre-occupied by his own dark thoughts that he scarcely remembers to nod hello to her before the evening is out, and he feels a twinge of guilt at the sorrow he sees in the corners of her smile.
“Sherlock,” he purred with reverence, feeling certain that although most of what he was feeling was sheer, unbridled lust, some of his poetic thoughts may have been a result of the whiskey finally going to his head.
“I don’t like it. It ain’t right makin’ them work double shifts all because of some passenger interferin’. It ain’t their fault if he’s always hanging around.”
“Count it as another favor from me when I tell you that if the captain is smuggling contraband goods, then it certainly isn’t here in Rio. So you can spare yourself the trouble—and the embarrassment—of a confrontation which will yield nothing at all of benefit to yourself!”
“John—”
Sherlock looks up in bemused horror but John’s laughing face has already vanished from sight around the foremast.
The hand around John’s middle brushed lightly down his stomach, tracing his abdominal muscles. John felt his toes curl at the corresponding shudder of delight that went through him. The fingers of Sherlock’s hand circled his belly button, tangling in the hair beneath.
He glanced down at the man lying curled against his chest and saw that Sherlock was fast asleep.
“Good.” Sherlock is silent for a moment as he prepares to utter the words that may well be the most dangerous words he has ever spoken. “It is my belief that the captain is responsible for your poisoning.”
Lestrade stiffens with sudden self-consciousness. “I know it’s a slightly unorthodox request, but as you are well aware there is much about this voyage that has been… shall we say, atypical.” The darkness in Lestrade’s voice is impossible to miss. “It calls for an atypical response.”
This was long before their first conversation, but at that point, Sherlock had already taken to watching John whenever he was at work on deck.
been amenable to getting in touch with the local authorities, who he had contacted earlier that evening in anticipation of LaRoue’s arrest. The police were on standby so it was only a matter of minutes before they arrived to take LaRoue into custody.
“He did, sir.” Billy adjusts his grip on his cap somewhat self-consciously. “And then he told me…”
He heard the snap of a bottle opening and smelled the subtle fragrance of Sherlock’s own expensive shampoo. John said nothing, but he was silently, desperately pleased that Sherlock found his own head worthy of what Sherlock massaged into his own pampered locks on a daily basis.
as some ancient, slow-moving aquatic beast like the ones he’s seen in the drawings from his father’s library, her bulging sides encrusted with barnacles, her long curving tail trailing plumes of sea weed.
He has absolutely no proof whatsoever that the conversation he overheard has anything to do with the captain—they could simply be old friends, squabbling about a risky business venture, or a previous gambling debt.
And then, without giving John a chance to respond, he’s leading Sherlock away with a hand on his arm, steering him towards a group of well-dressed passengers hanging back from the general fracas unfolding at the front of the ship.
John lay back down, dragging the covers up over his shoulders, forcing himself to think cold, clear thoughts. He was determined
“Mmm… mostly I want to get you cleaned up so that I can make you filthy again…”
“Just some conditioner.”
The room is modestly decorated with several strands of paper bunting strung overhead, and though the sky outside is still light, the candles are already flickering in their sconces along the wall. In one corner of the room stands a table with a punch bowl. In the corner opposite, a rather forlorn trio of musicians have taken up residence and are sawing away at their instruments with disinterested gusto.
John is quiet, studying him without a trace of judgment on his face.
He looked up at John, and in the pale grey light from the window John could see the expression on his face was completely naked, filled with need. “Stay.”
Sherlock nods, reassured by the searing tenderness in John’s eyes.
John made an incoherent noise, his head falling back against the mattress.
, it was hot. He found himself fucking Sherlock harder in response to his cries. “Fuck! Don’t stop, oh God, don’t stop…”
He sits back down on the edge of his bed and blows out a long breath.
, he finds that he cannot break his focus on John to even lift his instrument.
John steps in at Sherlock’s invitation, moving past Sherlock without touching him but close enough that Sherlock can feel the air move as he passes. He shuts the door behind him with a click.
Sherlock lies in the darkness, breathing slowly in and out, trying with every ounce of will to harden his heart against the tide of misery that feels as though it’s eating him alive, that feels as though it’s laying waste to him, body and soul.
“Colonel Jackson was with them, as well as that dour gentleman. The one who always wears the same grey frock coat… oh, I cannot think of his name.”
They sit for a long time without speaking, the fire burning low in the grate.
“Lieutenant Lestrade, he isn’t well—I’m afraid—” Sherlock stops a moment to catch his breath. “I’m afraid he may have been poisoned!”
“No,” Sherlock said firmly, and John heard the edge of steel in his voice.
John extended his throat and Sherlock lifted his arm off the wall to lick his way down between John’s collarbones, the slide of his mouth hot and wet. His hand gave John’s cock another leisurely stroke.
He finds he cannot even begin to fathom. He has barely been able to survive the voyage—he, one of the most privileged passengers aboard the ship—born, as they say, with a silver spoon in his mouth—how could he possibly manage if he were stripped of the privileges he was born with? Those privileges he has always scorned so deeply. He’s never actually considered what life would be like without them.
Sherlock reached out and took one of John’s hands between his own. His eyes, as he looked up at John, were raw.
Sherlock frowned, eyes following John as he climbed from the bed and stripped off his pants. His own cock stretched taut against his belly. He stooped down by the window to pick up the bowl of ice.
John felt his face split into a grin.
At this Sherlock interjects; his voice choked, indignant. He cannot stop himself from speaking, from rushing to his own defense.
‘I was the second-youngest of the seven of us. The eldest was Mycroft-‘ John looks up, shocked. ‘Yes. Mycroft is my genuine brother. He was twelve years older than me, but he stopped aging a lot later in life: he will look to be in his mid-thirties forever, I look in my early twenties. They know now that there is a genetic link between the
Sherlock waited by the sinks for LaRoue to re-emerge from one of the stalls, while John hung back by the door to make sure no one else entered, studying Sherlock’s reflection in the mirror as he waited, the blade-like edge of his cheekbones.
“You’re lucky I’m so neat,” Sherlock said, wiping his lips primly as pushed himself up off his knees.
He isn’t about to tell Molly what she should or should not do. She’s clever enough to make that decision on her own without Sherlock condescending to her.
“On time for what?” This time it’s Amesbury who voices the question.
“I’m so sorry,” John murmurs.
He heard a low rumbling sound from under the duvet.
Sherlock has never actually seen the brig. He pictures it now—a small, barred room with only enough room to stand in—the smell of rot and standing water thick in the air.
“You don’t need to thank me,” he says awkwardly. “It was my pleasure,” he adds, pulling his fingers half out of John’s to rub the backs of their knuckles gently together.
Being in John’s presence—and yet so far from it—reminds Sherlock of everything he misses about John, so that the longing that had settled to a dull ache within him feels as though it’s been torn open again, like a wound that was partially healed.
He’s half-tempted to follow Mr. Knott. It’s mildly suspicious that the man would leave the meal early; but again, Sherlock does not know how to do so without being completely obvious.
“Oye!” John calls, cuffing Matthews on the shoulder; but he’s laughing as he says it.
, and
Aidan inclines his head, and in response Fionn takes up his drum and beats out what must be a familiar rhythm because Old Leroy gives a shout of joy and lifts up his mouth organ and begins to play in time.
Molly throws one last desperate look back at Sherlock, who waves her on encouragingly.
“What if I want to do more than kiss you?” There was something predatory in Sherlock’s gaze. He was crouching with one hand between his legs, long fingers just skimming the floor, poised for sudden movement.
“Oh my god, your hands. Your
“How on
Especially now, after a week of lying in his own sick and sweat, his body sour, thick with filth, his hair a matted tangle at the back of his neck, Sherlock cannot imagine anything he could possibly want more.
John snarled in response. His fist shot up and caught Sherlock in the cheek, knocking him off balance.
“So you’re desperate for a smoke, is that it?”
He left the afternoon meal midway through to go looking for John, and despite the fact that the time before his brief meeting with John, and after, feels like the difference between night and day, it can’t have been more than half an hour since Sherlock left the passenger saloon.
Sherlock feels a throb of sympathy for the man. He cannot imagine the pressure he must be under right now. He wishes there was something he could do for him. But for once, Sherlock knows it will be more helpful for him to keep his distance.
He knows how brutal this particular task is—knows how John and all those in his profession loathe it—and he cannot imagine how difficult the work must be on a day as hot and humid as this.
—feels like nothing, nothing, he has ever experienced.
After several moments of quiet reflection, John picked up the phone.
“I had to follow him! They forced him to see that idiot of a psychiatrist again.” Sherlock is pacing the room, his shoes leaving wet marks on the linoleum. He laughs in a humorless way. “She tried to convince him I was a ghost. Some rubbish about manifestations of unresolved psychological trauma.”
Sherlock lets his attention jump here and there around the spatter of conversations, waiting to see if anyone will discuss the ship’s upcoming stop in the port city, but to his frustration, no one does.
; Sherlock pictures his brother’s reaction to the conversation, the way his bland expression would seem to grow brittle at the edges, the slight downturned corners of his disapproving mouth tensing with displeasure.
Sherlock feels the dull glow of heat from his sunburn increase with a different kind of warmth altogether at the sight of the livid purple marks all down the sides of his neck. He can feel his own breath growing shallow as he looks at them—the bright color of the blood drawn to the surface of his skin by John’s teeth bringing with it memories of the feel of John’s body so hot and hard against him in the dark, the sweet spike of pain as John’s teeth nipped and pulled at the delicate skin of Sherlock’s throat.
There is an empty space at the end of the line, next to an enormous sailor with a full beard and lines of chain tattooed around his sizeable middle. He says nothing as Sherlock kneels beside him.
“I boarded up the window in your room. Cleaned up the mess. I’ll have Mrs. Hudson call tomorrow and order a new pane of glass. You’re…” Sherlock paused. When he began speaking again, his voice was halting. “You’re welcome to sleep in here until… well, I mean I’m happy to sleep on the couch until the window goes in, but I just wanted you to know—”
hard for me to control myself.”
“Also—” He might as well go all out. “You wearing less clothes would be good.”
, how I want you. So please, just—”
He still has one hand at the base of John’s cock, he uses it now to pull John’s cock towards his mouth.
It’s as if all the sounds of the outside world are only now creeping back in around them, as if a spell had kept the noises of the regular world at bay.
John looks down, studying their interlocking hands. His voice is soft. “Thank you for what you did… for what you gave to me just now. I needed that.” He looks up at Sherlock and his eyes are shining, the blue in his irises curiously magnified from the presence of his unshed tears. “I needed you, Sherlock. You helped bring me back to myself.”
Then, sometime in the haze of the afternoon, when Sherlock is down below, stretched out on his bed, plucking lethargically at the strings of his violin, he hears excited shouts from up on deck.
John’s gentle voice startles him from his reverie.
“After the storm, the captain ordered everyone up on deck to take an inventory. Most of the passengers were badly shaken, but no one was hurt, thank god. The only person unaccounted for was you. When I asked around, they said when they’d knocked on your door you didn’t answer. Apparently no one could be bothered to open the door to see why.” John’s voice takes on an edge of darkness Sherlock has seldom heard before. “I asked when last they’d seen you and when it became evident no one had seen you since before the storm, I worried some misfortune had befallen you. I had the steward show me to your room. When I knocked and received no answer, I went straight in, only to find you on the brink of death for a completely different reason.”
“He misses you, sir,” Billy says, matter-of-factly. “He tries very hard to hide it but… I can see it in his face.”
“Seems like someone’s been spyin’ on us, lads.”
He dreams that he is in a dark wood, stumbling, lost. The canopy is so thick overhead it could be daylight and he wouldn’t know. The tangled undergrowth between the trees catches at his ankles, seems to snarl. He is filled with an inexplicable terror. Then he sees Sherlock, pale, paler than usual, standing calmly between the trees clad only in a sheet. “Come with me, John. No need to panic. This is what I look like dead.”
He leans down into John again, pressing his mouth against John’s, as if he can taste the laughter lingering there and draw it into himself to soothe the desperation throbbing in his chest. He needs to convey to John just how much he missed him; he needs to convey how badly he wants him now—and if he cannot do it with words, then he can at least try to show him in another way.
For one horrible moment, Sherlock wonders if he’s going to let John leave.
He stands up to wash his stomach and chest, scrubbing thoroughly under each arm, his cheeks warming as he remembers John’s words about tasting him later—his blush deepening further as he soaps the length of his cock and down and around his testicles, then back between his buttocks.
When he pulled back after a minute, and saw the corners of Sherlock’s lips turning upward in a smile, he knew that Sherlock knew his answer, even without him saying it.
John strokes absently down the length of Sherlock’s spine with the backs of his knuckles. Sherlock shivers at the light touch.
How will
John shifts around to pull the garment off his ankles, tossing it into the darkness at the end of the bed before returning to his knees.
John’s blue eyes have gone grey with sorrow; Sherlock feels a flash of shame. He did that—he made John look that way. He tries to drop his eyes again, but John’s hand comes up to Sherlock’s cheek, staying him.
John’s voice was deadly quiet. “Sherlock. Let go.”
The feeling of his bare skin, still so pleasantly cool from the ocean, warming by degrees in the heat of the sun, the breeze moving over his stomach and chest lessening the intensity of the sun’s warmth, the heat of the sun on his eyelids and lips as gentle as a kiss… he’s keenly aware of all of it.
John shakes his head.
She shakes her head at him once, in silence, indicating that she cannot bear to watch, but she stays by his side.
As he descends the steps into the latticework shadows, chaos greets him. The dark space is a mass of sailors—some pushing to get through, others standing and talking to one another in low tones. Above the din, a boatswain blows his whistle to try and call the men to order.
He tries to open his mouth to tell John how glorious that was, but his tongue feels as heavy and sleepy as the rest of him.
After all, the nature of John and Sherlock’s relationship isn’t exactly a secret anymore on board the ship, at least not to the members of John’s mess. Anderson is certainly aware of it; and it’s very possible that Anderson had complained to the captain about the two of them in the aftermath of Lestrade’s poisoning, that it was for this very reason that the captain had agreed to put Anderson in charge of John’s men.
failure to make the girl feel better. He shouldn’t have said anything at all. But when he looks up cautiously, he sees that Miss Hooper is smiling—not the sad, defeated smile; nor the nervous one she habitually wears. It is the rare genuine smile he has seen, like the one on her face when she was dancing with Lieutenant Lestrade.
Perhaps it’s for the best that John did not stay—Sherlock cannot imagine he would be able to focus on cleaning himself for long with John in the room. Indeed, even as he thinks it, he finds himself remembering vividly where his thoughts led him that first time John brought him soap and hot water after his illness.
John Watson by candlelight is arguably no lovelier than John Watson in the sunshine, his hair shining like a flame, no more breathtaking than John Watson on a misty morning halfway up the rigging, or John Watson in a storm, his face streaming with rain. Sherlock thinks that there is no version of John Watson that he could ever take issue with, but right now, in this moment, it is his conviction that John Watson by candlelight coming towards him with a smile on his face, his eyes blue-black with wanting Sherlock, is by far the best John he has ever known.
Lila had been moved to another room after several choked
And Sherlock had.
and Sherlock whispered back,
‘A letter came, Lord Sherlock,’ Colin replies. ‘Delivered by a man of…a man of your situation.’ He pauses. ‘He had a look of madness, if I can say, my Lord.’
Sherlock opened his mouth to deny it, cursing his grandmother inwardly for making John uncomfortable, but before he could speak-
‘We’ve been friends for three hundred and thirty three days,’ Sherlock moaned. ‘They should have found out ages ago. It’ll be fine. Seriously.’
) who Sherlock had never seen before looked slightly taken aback. Sherlock smiled at her politely and took Mycroft's arm, turning him away from the crowds, and hissing, 'she’s my friend.’ He regretted the words as soon as they were out of his mouth because it was stupid and immature and Sherlock sounded like a whining baby, but Mycroft wasn’t smiling as Sherlock had thought he would; instead, he looked sad.
‘You know which balcony.’ Mycroft scoffed. ‘Come.’
‘Not for much longer,’ Morag said, an unstable smile on her face and John realised that Sherlock was right; this woman was clearly insane. ‘You will kill yourself. Like mother like son.’ She laughed. ‘I will rule as consort for Archie. When he’s old enough the people will ask me to stay on, as they did with Charlotte; I will graciously accept.’
This meant that John hadn’t seen his ex-boyfriend since they broke up.
John didn’t spy. John especially didn’t spy on Sherlock.
And with that he turned on his heel and stalked out of his brother’s office.
The moment he heard the tone Sherlock stared into his mirror, and even though he was a little pissed off that he hadn't gotten a chance to ask John (
Mycroft wouldn't tell, Sherlock told John the next day after he’d calmed down. He’d kept Sherlock’s sexuality a secret for years and wouldn't ever tell anyone about John and he, and John listened and believed him. He may not particularly have liked Mycroft, but he could see just how much the older man felt for his little brother, and he trusted him to do whatever was best for Sherlock, however hard it was and whatever the cost.
‘To everything you just said. I agree. I reciprocate your feelings of brotherly affection.’ Sherlock pulled at his bow-tie awkwardly and Mycroft smiled at him. Not sarcastically, not patronisingly, but genuinely, and it warmed Sherlock’s heart.
‘Too Mycroft.’
‘Not true.’ John said immediately, making direct eye contact with Sherlock, who blushed and looked at the ground.
They’re not quite sure if Felix is an
Jenny burst into tears and Henry hurriedly put his arms around her, looking at John. ‘Go and talk to your sister.’ He said quietly.
‘Sherlock?’ A woman’s voice, unmistakably that of Mrs Hudson (who was technically still his Nanny but at almost twenty years old Sherlock protested against having a nanny and preferred housekeeper), said through the door. ‘There are-‘
Sherlock cocked his head. ‘Why is that, John Watson?’
Sherlock stared at John.
John closed his eyes. ‘You’re only doing this so you have an excuse for me to stay here, don’t you.’ When he opened them, Sherlock was grinning sheepishly. ‘I already pulled some strings: you’ve been accepted into Corpus Christi for the entire length of your degree. They can’t separate fiancés.’
‘So I need to show him that he is the only one I want to be with, and always will be?’ Sherlock wondered out loud. They’d pulled up to the palace; Irene’s declaration was totally forgotten. The only thing on his mind now was John.
‘I know I say that quite often, but I really mean it this time. He’s- he’s going on dates, for God’s sake. He’s laughing when we talk about Mary. He
, he thought bitterly.
John put his finger on Sherlock's mouth.
He hated being talked about and he hated small talk, and those were generally exactly what happened at parties.
‘Not gay,’ he whispered, and he turned off the TV and went to his room.
‘Consulting detective,’ Sherlock supplied.
Sherlock waved at John. ‘This is John. These are John’s friends.’
But he wondered what Sherlock had meant when he rocked on the floor whispering not again, don't remember. What had happened to make him react like that? What was he not remembering? It was just another secret to add to the list that Sherlock was clearly keeping from him, and John was starting to feel as if he would never truly know the boy if he didn't open up to him soon.
), ‘should I keep going, John?’
‘John’s ordinary, Sherlock. He can’t tell when clever people are being untruthful.’ Jim was glaring at John now but the doctor kept his eyes on Sherlock, willing him to step away from the side of the roof.
He’s said something, but he doesn’t know what because his senses are blurring together, into truth and lies, right and wrong, friend and foe, Watson and Moriarty.
When they’re married, they turn around, holding hands, and Nathaniel mouths
turn your phone off. Sherlock rolled his eyes at him, because Mycroft had to be stupid if he thought he was going anywhere near drugs or relapses or bad things that night. Firstly, he knew Mycroft would hunt him down. Secondly, he was not going through rehab again. Thirdly, Irene wouldn’t let him anywhere near drugs, and finally, he generally just wasn’t stupid. Drugs = bad. Clean = good.
‘You regret it.’ John placed the trousers gently in the suitcase and walked towards Sherlock, small, calculated steps, until he was less than a metre away from him. ‘You regret it, do you? Did you regret it when he kissed you? Or did you regret it when he took you into an
He pushed open the door to his bedroom and smiled at his boyfriend, who was sitting in the red chair. ‘Hi, John,’ he said, and kissed the top of his boyfriend’s head and grabbed his hand. ‘Have you been waiting long?’
Vi and Tavvy exchanged a quick glance before turning around and smirking evilly at their father, who took a step backwards. ‘No, no, no, I wasn't being sexist- OH GOD NO!’
‘I’ll just stop paddling,’ John whispered. ‘Ok?’
‘We’ll go wait over there,’ Lizzie whispers, and she takes Nathaniel by his hand and leads him away from the grave, until they’re beyond hearing distance. John thanks her quietly in his heart because he lives for this time alone with Sherlock.
Their villa (except it wasn't really a villa, it was like a shitty hotel room without a hotel around it) had three bedrooms and two bathrooms. The master bedroom seemed to serve as a living room as well, though there were only one tiny sofa, and the second bedroom had a desk in it. John had to admit it was nicer inside than it had been outside (
Why had John run off without letting Sherlock explain himself? Why had John ignored all Sherlock’s attempts to make contact for the next four months?
‘Hmm?’ John mumbled as he took a large sip from the bottle.
‘Yeah.’ John said quietly. ‘Um, hi, Molly. I wasn’t expecting you to be here-‘
John took a deep breath and tried to tell himself that he was being idiotic, that he was over Sherlock, that he had replaced Sherlock with Mary; why shouldn’t Sherlock move on? John had dumped Sherlock; Sherlock hadn’t dumped John.
‘Ok, Sherlock.’ Sherlock looked at himself in the mirror he had hung over his desk (it was useful in experiments involving light) and breathed out slowly. ‘You’ve run out of time and you need to make a decision. What are you going to do?’
), sniffing at his brother. ‘I’ve already promised to make you the British Government when I become King.’
‘Dinner at the ritz. Candle, violin and a bottle of Domaine de la Romane-Conti Grand Cru. All paid for by me. What do you say?’
snapped, knowing that he couldn’t be there-
John was seemingly asleep, eyes closed and very still, though when Sherlock slowly closed the door one eye opened quickly.
John sniggered. ‘We’d have a great TV show.
‘Right.’ John nodded. Sherlock sprawled in the black chair and looked at John expectantly. ‘Sit.’
John chuckled before propping himself up on one arm and kissing his boyfriend gently. ‘You think you’re so funny.’ He murmured, kissing the side of Sherlock’s neck.
But now it’s quiet, and they’re standing opposite each other, John sweating and shivering and breathing heavily, Sherlock pale and fraught with the tension that’s been keeping him going. Too quiet, almost, a silence that needs to be interrupted, and Sherlock’s head and heart and body is so crammed with emotion he feels like he’s going to-
Sherlock smiled, before surprising John by saying in the same English accent as Mycroft, ‘Can I sit here?’
John waited for Sherlock to say something in retaliation but there was simply silence. Eventually Morag said, annoyance evident in her tone, ‘I had to do it, William-‘
(‘Ugh,’ Rosie said, disgusted. ‘Come on, fathers, there’ll be time for this
are in higher demand than tobacco, that new but
The public couldn't find out, their families couldn't find out, their friends couldn't find out, but Sherlock was totally worth it.
Sherlock grinned. ‘Do you want to hear a secret I’ve never told anyone before in my life?’
animal abuser. We’re building quite the case against you…’ He paused, waiting for John to say his name, and he eventually cottoned on. ‘John. Watson. John Watson.’
‘You get drunker on wine,’ Irene answered as she pulled a cork out of another bottle. ‘And we, my dear, want to get as shit-faced as possible.’
Every single bit was
Someone (who, Sherlock had no idea) had pasted tiny little glow-in-the-dark stars across the ceiling. The sun had gone down just a few minutes previously and they were the only thing lighting up the room; Sherlock could hardly see John’s face, let alone anyone else’s.
John watched Molly walk away and then Janine follow her, Irene staring after her like a love-sick puppy. When Irene caught John watching she sauntered over to him, though she seemed less confident than usual. ‘Hiya, perv.’
They lapsed back into silence and Sherlock wanted nothing more than to put his arm around the person he loved most in the world, the person he hadn’t seen for over a year but had longed for constantly, the person who had always made him laugh when he was sad, the person who had always been there for him, who he hadn't seen for so, so, so long but who was here, now, and it was surreal, so surreal, and
His eyes continue to flick from face to face as people stream past, but Sherlock has vanished as suddenly as he appeared.
“…and so I told them, that’s the
“Not technically, no. Not by blood. But she is a family friend.” Miss Hooper purses her lips in a way that reminds Sherlock of the old woman. “I’m… the middle of five sisters. My father thought it best to send me to a position to be a governess for a family that he knows in Calcutta, rather than risk the chances of my finding a husband. It is Ms. Grimsby’s nephew who is the father of the children I will be in charge of.”
John grins again and Sherlock is suddenly very glad he is lying in bed—the intensity of that smile directed at him is making him feel faint.
Luckily, John understands, striding forward with a grin until he comes to stand beside the other musicians, prompting a wild cheer to erupt from the assembled crowd.
“Alright,” Sherlock says, feeling slightly disoriented, flushed with arousal. He takes a long drink of wine, sparing a fraction of his attention to notice fully how good it really is. The taste is rich and dark, peppery but also sweet, with hints of oak and cherry.
“Her father was a British officer. He bought her mother’s freedom so he could bring her back to England, but she died there, not long after Sally was born. Sally said living in England was intolerable. People treated her worse than an animal.”
He was begging, Sherlock was begging him, and at that realization, John felt the last ounce of his self-control vanish. Reaching forward, he raked his nails down the front of Sherlock’s chest, before dragging Sherlock’s hips up sharp against him, arching Sherlock’s back to an almost impossible angle to bury himself in Sherlock as deep as he could go. It took only two quick thrusts and then John was coming, holding Sherlock hard against him as he kept fucking, right on through each staggering wave of his orgasm.
I wrote this chapter last fall, while living in Sweden and getting involved with the world of Swedish folk music and dance. I was taking a beginner folk dance class at the time and among the many dances I learned was this one, the polska. The more I danced and fell in love with this dance, the more it became apparent to me that John and Sherlock HAD to dance a polska together in OFD (even if this scene was in no way in the original outline for this chapter). So, what, you may ask are the odds of Swedish folk musicians being at a tavern in Rio at the same time as John and Sherlock? My answer is WHO CARES! I AM THE AUTHOR AND CAN MAKE IT SO! And so I did. :D
John nods, eyes still shut.
“And it feels good?” he asks, breathless, impatient for John’s finger to move again, to push deeper; so he might experience more of this curious sensation. “For the person being entered, it’s… pleasurable?”
Sherlock lifts his glass to John’s, his eyes serious as he studies John’s face. “And yours.”
John put his face in his hands.
“I didn’t say anything.” John’s voice is like a sheet of tempered steel. “He asked me why I’d left my post and when I didn’t answer, he told me I’d earned myself another shift.”
“You’re like no one else I’ve ever met. You’re like… something from another world.”
No, it can't be true. Sherlock remembers—John
Without another word, he turns and makes his somber way back across the deck.
“Don’t mention it. I really had very little to do with it. You should be thanking Mr. Watson, not me. You’re very lucky, Mr. Holmes, to have a friend like that.” There is something knowing in Lestrade’s warm brown gaze. “It’s clear he’s very fond of you.”
“Leave it, you mad bastard. I wasn’t going to drink anything you offered me anyway, after today.”
He is as radiant as ever and Sherlock stands and looks and looks, and he cannot decide
“God help me, it’s too much.”
He briefly caresses Sherlock cheek before dropping his hand back to his side. Sherlock feels the loss of that brief touch like a sudden chill.
“I see,” John says, clearly still aware that Sherlock hasn’t told him the whole story, but also clearly not yet willing to pry it out of Sherlock.
God, it would be so good… it would be so, so good like that.
Sherlock arches up against John, his cry of pleasure lost in the heat of John’s mouth, hips thrusting brokenly as his orgasm rips through him, sending pulse after pulse of hot liquid splashing over John’s fingers and the fabric of Sherlock’s shirt.
He turns away, hunches in tighter against himself as though he can block out the stars, the moon, the wind, even John’s kind voice if it means not having to
He also found Sherlock’s touch deeply comforting, soothing; the rhythmic motion of Sherlock’s fingers rubbing circles into his scalp made all the nervous tension seem to melt from his body. John shut his eyes.
Come on, Watson. Get it together. You can do this.
Sherlock is shocked speechless.
Sherlock shakes his head. “This is my first voyage.”
“And I have it from Lieutenant Lestrade himself that we will be staying for
I have also made a
Mercifully, Sherlock cut him off. “You’ve been wanting me to kiss you for weeks now.”
, against his cock was driving him a bit out of his mind.
“I’m sure.”
It has been folded neatly into a triangle, so tightly that the person who folded it must have very deft and skillful hands. There are no markings on the outside to designate who it’s for, but Sherlock knows as surely as he knows his own name that that small triangle of paper is meant for him.
Another long, dull morning passes with no sign of John, and Sherlock tries to resolve himself to the fact that the sailor has a great deal of work to do, and cannot spend his every free hour in the company of bored aristocrats. The realization makes him feel foolish, and ashamed of his own entitlement, and the corresponding sour feeling in Sherlock’s belly makes him want to spit nails.
This room is smaller than the main room—it’s a sort of annex, but it’s mercifully less crowded, with fewer tables and chairs, most of which are arranged against the walls. There’s some open space in the center of the room where people are standing, and there, directly opposite Sherlock, is a trio of musicians, just warming up their instruments.
“If a man is issued a wager of five pounds, he can’t rightly turn it down, Mr. Holmes. Not if he wants to retain any kind of self-respect.”
After John’s two-week absence from the flat the only things in the refrigerator were moldering bits of unfinished experiments. There was nothing edible in sight (seriously what
“I thought you might want to stay.”
For a moment the only sound he hears is that of the wind moving through the sails.
John nodded. "Yes." Then he realized what Sherlock had said. “Hang on, I never said—”
John is looking at him so much like he’s going to kiss him that Sherlock is forced to drop his eyes again.
“Oh… not long after I was pressed. We made a habit of meeting every time I came to Cape Town. We were kindred lost souls of a sorts. Sally trying to make her own way in the world for the first time and me… well, I was trying to survive my new life at sea. We were both so young,” he laughs, shaking his head at the memory. “God, we were such fools.”
He watches John turn and direct a smile at the person sitting next to him, and this man, who Sherlock has never seen before, is clearly one of the men from the boats that came from shore this morning. He’s dressed in the same loose, brightly colored clothing that the others had worn, his dark hair cropped close against his sun-browned skin. He’s the only one within view who seems to have managed to stay on board—and as soon as Sherlock sees him, he knows that it’s his guitar—that John is borrowing it.
Sherlock was holding himself absolutely still, the only movement the shallow rise and fall of his chest as he waited, his dark eyes fixed on John.
Sherlock holds on tight to John, still laughing. It feels like the only way to express the magnitude of joy he is feeling right now. The longer he laughs, the lighter he feels, and John keeps spinning them and spinning them, his hands warm on Sherlock’s back, the line of his jaw pressed in against Sherlock’s collarbone, until the sunlight sparkling on the surface of the water and the white line of the beach blur together into gold.
John pulled Sherlock to him by the grip on his hand, reaching up to slide one hand around the back of his neck and pull his mouth down to John’s.
“Ready?”
Sherlock tries again to lean around John to see what it is John has set on the floor, and John makes a small stern noise.
Sherlock shifts his hips against the bed. “What I wanted to say was—since you have to be here with me in this unpleasant place, the least I could do was… What I mean is...” Sherlock licks dry lips. “I wanted to be clean for you.”
“There’s nothing wrong I told you—”
“What?” Sherlock says, looking up, feeling foolish in the man’s presence for the second time that day.
Sherlock wants to laugh at John’s words, wants to say in an incredulous voice, ‘Sea poppies? Surely, there is no such plant,’ but there is something darkly romantic about John’s words, and the tug of his fingers in Sherlock’s hair, the possessive slide of his hand on Sherlock’s hip makes Sherlock gasp in shocked delight just as John leans down to kiss him.
Again, Sherlock does not respond.
He let go of Sherlock’s cock to guide them both down to the floor.
Then they’re all pounding him on the shoulders again, with another loud round of cheering.
He didn’t have much in the way of belongings—all he owned would fit into his army duffle. He would contact the rental agency in the morning; it was likely that the block of flats that housed his previous bedsit had vacancies. He could keep his work at the clinic; avoid those places where he might run into Sherlock. In time, his mental scars would heal. It would be fine, he reasoned. He could survive this. And the farther he was from Sherlock Holmes, the safer they both would be.
“What is it, my love?”
Anderson’s answer is a mumble of discontent.
He changes his shirt again just to give himself something to do, stares at the list of passenger names he made the day before to see if any missing detail occurs to him, but puts it away in exasperation with no new insights to show for it.
Now it’s John’s turn to gasp, his fingers clenching again in the flesh of Sherlock’s arse, and Sherlock thrusts forward with a wild sound, half-growl, half-whimper, and bites lightly at John’s bottom lip, his own hands kneading at the muscles in John’s back as he pulls John against him, rolling as he does, shifting them so that he’s stretched out on his back and John is above him.
Sherlock shifts forward on his elbows and leans in to press his mouth to John’s.
John suddenly felt that standing was a bit ambitious. He lowered himself to the metal deck, resisting the urge to press his blistered palms to the cool surface, holding them instead, lightly, in his lap.
John’s question went unspoken.
But Ferguson doesn’t give him a second glance as he makes his way toward the staircase.
“Oh, yes sir!” Billy’s face, impossibly, brightens further. “Colonel Jackson let me fire one of his pistols off the starboard bow!”
Sherlock follows him down, his own legs no longer in possession of the ability to hold him upright, and he sinks to the ground beside John, his own breath still coming somewhat fast, his thoughts slow and muggy from the effects of his orgasm.
Over the roar of the crowd, Sherlock can hear him, leaning into Lieutenant Deverall to say in a carrying voice, “I say, that sailor lad can sing!”
Sherlock is holding his hat in his hand, and he almost drops it upon impact.
His fingers thread briefly through the hair at the base of Sherlock’s cock, his nose pressed to the skin of Sherlock’s belly as he inhales the scent of him, and Sherlock shudders at how close he is, knees clenching at John’s sides.
Henry’s face looked like thunder. ‘John Hamish Kendrick-‘
Sherlock sighed and started buttoning up his shirt, ignoring the snide reference to their father. ‘You worry too much, Mycroft. All I have to do is sit on the throne for a couple of hours, walk around, repeat an oath and smile for the cameras. It’s not exactly rocket science.’
‘I’m being paid a hefty extra-time fee, so I’m perfectly happy.’ Ella grinned, and Lila laughed from the bed. ‘So am I. Funny, isn’t it?’ Mycroft had offered to pay Lila for carrying their child, and had also requested a scan of the specimen beforehand (‘
Jim, I have months…months!’
Greg looked slightly uncomfortable. ‘God, Sherlock. He was only five, small for his age. Masses of black curls, those amazing eyes, the darling of the nation. He walked behind the coffin in a suit masses too big for him and his face was just still. He didn’t cry, he didn’t frown, he showed no emotion what-so-ever. He never did again; we never saw him smile, never saw him cry. Hell, I’ve worked in the palace since I was twenty-one; the first time I saw that boy smile or talk to someone, you know, properly, was the first time I saw him with you.’
The last day rolled around quickly. The resort officially shut on the 31st, which was also when John was leaving, and at midday the whole camp gathered together to say goodbye.
They’d found out.
if this would almost certainly be catastrophic because this was it, this was everything for Sherlock Holmes, and he would never want anything else.
And then they were both standing up, crossing their living room in three steps, and Sherlock put his hands on John’s cheeks and he whispered, ‘don’t ever think that you’re not good enough for me, John, because you
Sherlock’s lips thinned as he tried to concentrate, though he’d much prefer to stare at John. His expressions changed like the seasons: you barely noticed it had changed until it was gone. ‘Nice?’
'I just want to show support for my
And then the rumours began.
‘Who’ve you brought?’ The boy on the sofa drawled. He was Irish, John noticed, with slicked-back black hair and incredibly brown eyes: he was also wearing an expensive suit, though why he had thought it would be needed at this party, John had no idea.
And with that, John was gone.
‘Will you call me?' John asked, hating how needy he sounded, and Sherlock licked his lips. 'Anything is possible,' he murmured, and then he kissed John on the lips, gently this time, and John could have sworn the world burned a little brighter, just for a moment, before Sherlock pulled away and turned. 'I'll be seeing you, John Watson,' he called as he left the room, and as he left, John could have sworn he had a small, smug smile on his face, but John didn’t even care. He didn’t care that Sherlock was a stranger, and he didn’t care that he was now officially not-straight because
Mycroft, whilst John was telling him this, had simply stared at him with those cold blue eyes and said, ‘if you think you know my brother better than I, you are sadly mistaken, and I promise you this: if you
John nodded his thanks at the other soldier. He was popular in the barracks, with the exception of Becca, though most of the soldiers disliked Sholto's clear favouritism of him. Mostly he stuck close to Hunter, Tigger Lucas, Isaac and Smith Spencer, because they were the youngest in the barracks and in the squadron and they gave him the least stick about Sholto, and John had formed quite close bonds with all four of them during his time in the Desert.
and when Sherlock fell asleep John gently untangled himself and climbed off the structure, trying hard not to disturb Sherlock. He then crept into the Quad, where there were still people running around and talking and shouting, and walked over to Mycroft, who was writing something down in the corner.
Sherlock talked about a little boy whose mother had just died, a little boy who was all alone. His older brother had been sent to boarding school and he was only six years old, alone all day and alone all night. His father was busy grieving and didn’t think of his younger son, and Sherlock just sat in his nursery, day after day, and stared out of the window and thought of his mother, and of what he had seen, what had happened to her, and wondered why nobody was listening to him.
Sherlock didn't notice he was crying until Dante touched his eye and said worriedly, ‘Da?’
) even though it’s not what he wants to say, not at all. Even as he collapses onto two knees next to the jumbled mess of blood and coat and thick, curly hair he is still saying it, over and over, in his brain and body and blood, the words in time with the frantic beat of his heart.
Sherlock pushed the plate over, relieved John was talking to him. ‘The sauce is exquisite.’
Just to make their ages clear: they are both eighteen in this chapter and they met (so the first chapters) were set when they were both sixteen. John is eleven months older than Sherlock.
Sherlock grinned at John and ushered him forwards. ‘Thanks, Mike!’ He called as he walked confidently up the path, deep into the private grounds.
John’s mouth dropped open and his eyes widened.
Mike, who’d only arrived two days previously but was staying on with Sherlock for an extra two weeks smiled and patted him on the shoulder. ‘Au revoir, Jean. I hope to be seeing you next year?’
Irene laughed and grabbed the bottles before helping Sherlock up. The tall boy shook his curly head before plopping himself next to John, taking a bottle and pulling out the cork with his teeth. Janine huffed. ‘Why do you keep getting wine?’
‘What did you do to her?’ Sherlock almost growled, standing up. His eyes were wet with tears but he looked so tall and threatening that John had to resist the urge to back away.
Again, this was fair enough, though John wondered at how specific the threat was. Either Mycroft had had people executed in a similar way, he had an amazing imagination or he had been planning John’s ‘mysterious disappearance’ in great detail for a long time.
Sherlock knew this meant Jack was camped out at the end of the road, courtesy of Mycroft, and didn’t want it to look like he was spying on him, but for once this didn’t bother him. He stood in silence just outside the door of John’s tiny, suburban house, tapping his foot quickly, wondering if John might not want to come back to the palace, if John might stay here. Sherlock wouldn’t blame him- if someone like Sherlock had clear feelings (
Harry’s grin widened. ‘It is always a pleasure to meet John’s friends.’
The voice in his head drawled back,
Lestrade took a deep breath and looked at the corpse. ‘So what do we have here, before I end up
‘C’est vrai’ - it is true
But what John remember most clearly from that night was the image of Sherlock’s eyes as he stared at Morag, vengeful, cornered, black and so, so angry. It stayed with him especially because, when John thought about it, he realised that as Sherlock had shouted at Morag, it had seemed as if he was talking to someone else entirely.
Mycroft who was sitting in the corner, looked at his mother. ‘He could-‘
No. John Watson loved Sherlock Holmes in the way that one loves a soulmate, the way that one loves the person who has become your life, your world, your future, the way that one loves the person who means more to them than anything, the person who is there for you no matter what, that one person who you know, deep in your heart, can never be replaced.
‘I always hear you, John,’
‘Your- Papa- is- EVIL!’ Sherlock gasped between giggles. ‘Please, girls, please stop, oh my god this is horrible.’
‘Why would you ask my opinion if I was just going to say no?’ He asked, frowning. ‘That’s illogical, John.’
Mycroft, who was standing in the doorway, touched his knuckles to his forehead, looking pained. ‘I’m sure.’ He had been outraged when Sherlock had decided to keep Irene at the palace; his hatred for her had not diminished with time. ‘If you and Sherlock attend the premier together, then it will stop the rumours.’
He’s so angry, and all he wants to do is
Indeed, the illegitimate children of King William Henry Siger Richard were retreating, sending a last wave at the crowd. John leaned forwards as he spotted a shadow behind the curtain; it was twitching. ‘They’re about to come out.’ Harry whispered, shooting a look at John, who ignored her completely, eyes straining because he wanted to catch that first sight of Sherlock. In that moment it felt like just him and the curtain: him and Sherlock, waiting, watching, hoping-
John had to risk it. He peeped around the corner, and saw his daughter staring at his partner, who had his back to him, with shining eyes, brimming with unshed tears. ‘Dad-‘
‘Anyway,’ Greg continued. ‘He was talking to the kids and he woke me up. I didn’t say anything because it seemed so private, he was talking about all these things I had no idea about and he sounded so upset. I was going to just pretend I’d been asleep, but then he- he said something about his mother.’
‘You know that’s untrue, Father.’ Sherlock said quietly. John didn’t know how he was so calm; he was surrounded by a bunch of pissed-off, extremely powerful people, the majority of whom looked disgusted. ‘You knew I liked boys. You’ve known for years.’
‘Your father would be similarly upset,’ Morag snapped back, ‘to know that you hadn’t used his name. It’s disrespectful-‘
Mike opened the door, and John’s mouth fell open. ‘
So tall and grown…’ he reached out a hand, as if to touch, but John flinched away. ‘I’m fifteen, almost,’ he growled, ‘Of course I’ve grown.’
John sighs and sits up because he can’t stand his daughter looking at him like that, eyes crinkled and mouth tight. She’s had just as bad a time as he has: she lost the man she considered a father, the man who had brought her up. Mary had died three months after Lizzie’s birth, and John had moved in with Sherlock, her godfather, when she was one. By the time she was three John and Sherlock were intimate and Sherlock had legally adopted her on her tenth birthday and she had changed her name from Elizabeth Sherlock Watson to Elizabeth Sherlock Watson-Holmes (
Sherlock hauled himself up and narrowed his eyes. ‘Hmm. Ok. I dare you-‘
‘Nothing, sir.’ Isaac Whitney said. Isaac was the youngest there, a boy of barely seventeen; he was baby-faced and had seemed like a pussy, but John knew he was one of the bravest soldiers in the squadron.
you could control your brother and work.’
‘I don’t hate you,’ Molly replied. Sherlock smirked and raised an eyebrow. ‘Is this your way of asking me to prom?’ He would never go there (partially because he was mostly gay and partially because Irene would quite literally rip off his balls if he did) but it was funny watching her squirm.
‘Of course!’ Sherlock said. ‘If you desire, you could even meet my older brother, though he is a truly appalling person.’
'Not at all, Sir,' Hunter said quietly. 'There's nothing at all funny about the camp's crappy food.'
‘Friends,’ John nodded, even though that wasn't the word he would use to describe Sherlock. ‘Course. Friends.’
‘We wish for privacy at this time.’ Mycroft was actually crying now, tears running down his face, though his voice stayed strong. ‘Our whole family will make an address in three days’ time. My younger brother apologises for not doing this himself, as is custom, but…’ Mycroft let out a shuddering sigh, ‘he was in no condition.’
Hamish laughed, a harsh, dark laugh that made Sherlock raise an eyebrow at him. ‘What about my statement do you find so humorous?’
Sherlock snorted. ‘That will never work. I don’t want to be refused, and the only way to avoid being refused is to make it as big and as grand as impressive as ever.’
‘It’s not okay,’ John whispers. ‘It’s not okay.’
The resulting shriek confirmed that it had been Morag walking towards them and Sherlock risked a laugh as they rounded the corner and took off down the street. Pedestrians shouted, cars beeped, children screamed and Sherlock finally, finally felt at peace.
At this point John still hadn't realised what was happening. Maybe it was because he was overwhelmed, maybe it was because he was just stupid, but John still hadn't connected the dots when Sherlock finally turned around and met his eye. In that gaze, John saw a dozen different emotions: joy, fear, apprehension, sadness and so many more, and as John watched, Sherlock seemed to mouth sorry before he turned back to face the huge room of people.
it. So like Sherlock, from the words to the infliction to the fucking
his sexuality and
‘How do you see me?’ Sherlock murmured. John was looking at him, eyes flicking over his face like he was attempting to deduce him-
‘Yes.’
‘Sherlock, darling,’ Jim drawled. ‘You’re late.’
Horatio, August and Katiya’s (Lila’s two-year-old daughter) father, had arrived a couple of hours before and was now holding his wife’s hand, helping her through the contractions. John was on the other side, trying to be supportive even as his heart tried to burst out of his rib cage, and Sherlock-
He texted Mike, Mary and Molly the same thing:
to John. Never. He had never made any references to it; he never did. Had he and Mycroft just inadvertently admitted he was a homosexual to John?
Sherlock was even paler than usual and John could see him shaking, even though they were several feet apart. ‘You bitch-‘
‘Really?’ Mycroft grinned in that snake-like way that Sherlock adopted when he was about to deduce someone (how did John still remember that?). ‘Studying psychology, chemistry and biology at A level, did history at AS level. Alcoholic older sister in secret rehab, not in touch with father, virgin, question sexuality. How did I do?’
my boyfriend, he just gets a bit…possessive.’
‘Shut up,’ Sherlock growled. ‘Fatty.’
Sherlock dropped his phone. It hit the edge of his desk and fell onto his carpet, coming to a rest by his chair leg, and he could hear John saying, ‘Sherlock? Sher, did I lose you?’
Sherlock nodded, as if his point had been proven. ‘We’ve hung out a lot. We hold hands a lot.’ He blushed. ‘We kiss quite a lot. We do…other things.’
‘Don’t mention it,’ John said awkwardly, and Siger left his side to go and sit by his wife, taking her hand and stroking it softly. John fiddled with his hands awkwardly, unsure of what to do or say, when a low, posh voice said in his ear, ‘Why, John Watson. You are quite grown up.’
‘I can’t believe this!’ John screamed at Sherlock. ‘You lied to me!’
Piss off out of our lives again, it’s so much better without you.’
‘I always hear you, John,’ Sherlock Holmes said, and then he smiled a smile that told John, after all this time, that his life was resuming, his world was turning, and his future had finally started.
‘Brilliant. Come over here, darling. I’m a huge fan of casual sex, especially when I’m drunk.’ Victor waggled his eyebrows, and Sarah flicked him off before storming away, out of the door and towards Mary.
Victor laughed, delighted. ‘Here’s my Sherlock. I like it when you don’t give a fuck.’
‘Sherlock-‘ Victor throws his head back, and Sherlock bites hard on the soft, white skin of the other man’s neck. ‘You need to be quieter.’
Mike blinked blearily. ‘It got…out of control. Don’t worry, everyone here is overage.’ The girl he was with, who John had just noticed was there, laughed hysterically and Mike kissed her, long and lingering, his tongue jabbing into her mouth.
John stayed silent.
They were in Chemistry and had been sitting in companionable silence for over forty minutes, mostly because Sherlock had a case and wanted desperately to finish it by the end of the hour long lesson. Jim had been doing god knows what to their test tube: they were meant to be making some sort of solution that Sherlock couldn't be bothered to read, but neither boy had cared enough to obey their teacher’s lesson plan and it wasn't like Mr Davids would come over and get angry with them. Sherlock was too brilliant to ever get in trouble in Chemistry and no one in the school dared cross James. He wasn't even eighteen and he already practically owned the school.
‘Oh,’ Sherlock mimicked, ‘look at me. I’m Mycroft Holmes aka Supreme Overlord of the United Kingdom. I start wars and prevent assassinations and keep the economy from taking a nosedive but no one knows that I go home and eat cake in the shed because my boyfriend doesn't like me cheating on my diet and spend my christmas’ trying to stop my Mummy from putting potatoes on my laptop.’
Sherlock frowned, not understanding. ‘Um. I will?’
Sherlock nodded distractedly, saying, ‘have you seen John?’
‘Will you solemnly promise,’ the Archbishop continued, ‘to govern the peoples of our country and her territories, the whole of the empire of the Holmes family, according to their respective laws and customs?’
‘Harry.’ The girl said, and Sherlock turned back around to look at John’s sister. ‘Harry Watson. Pleased to meet you.’
‘Answer me, Sherlock,’ she said in that quiet, I’ll-kill-you-if-you-argue voice that she sometimes got when someone was being particularly not good. It didn't happen very often: Molly Hooper was the sweetest, gentlest, kindest girl Sherlock had ever met: but when she was angry…
All he wanted, all he would ever want, was John, and James Moriarty may have ruined that for him forever.
‘I don’t like you.’ John snarled. ‘Get off my table.’
He walked briskly over to the south wall and winked at Victor, before shouting loudly, ‘oh Victor! Yes, oh yes! Do that again! God, I love you! AH! Victor! I’m close! Again!’
‘I have a hundred staff,’ Sherlock continued, ‘but only Mycroft knows what I need, what I want. He’s the only one who cares about me, really. He was the one who stopped me burning myself on the stove when I was a kid. He was the one who played pirates with me. He was the one who got me clean. He was the one who got rid of James.’ Sherlock sniffed, realised he was talking about feelings, and quickly said, 'but he hates me. Obviously. He's just repaying a debt.'
‘Why, what did you say?’ Sherlock was definitely leaning towards
Mary shook her head firmly. ‘Definitely not.’ Mary had pretty traditional views on homosexuality, which was odd considering two of her three best friends were bi and the other was definitely ambiguous.
Jim was talking again and Sherlock brought himself round. There would be time enough in the future to think about James Moriarty and his blank looks; for now, he had John and prom to worry about.
mistake again: his soulmate had been playing around since Sherlock was ten, they clearly didn’t care about him at all) but six months with just his left hand and a notebook filled with experiment had changed him. James would have said that was a very
‘What about Sherlock?’ John wondered. ‘What do you think?’
‘You have.’ A man interrupted. Sherlock could hear the low tone of a commander and knew instantly this was John’s father, an ex-soldier. ‘You go to school at eight, go straight to God knows where until eleven at night, and then leave again at eight the next day. You’re never here on weekends, either. I would get angry but your marks at school have been so good there’s nothing to be bothered about-‘
Sherlock nodded briefly. ‘Maybe later, then. Well, if not, we’ve got a case to solve.’ He turned, flicking his coat dramatically, before pausing at the door. ‘To Baker Street?’
Sherlock clearly didn't understand and John couldn't explain it. Maybe it was because he was almost a year younger (Sherlock had celebrated his thirteenth birthday a few weeks before, while John was almost fourteen) or maybe it was because he just wasn't as mature as John, who now sported soft, downey hair on his upper lip and had a voice that cracked and broke.
His mind palace screamed
echoed around the courtyard. He had no idea why he was the only one of his siblings to be referred to in the media by his preferred name; Mycroft had always been Edward, Archie had always been George, but not Sherlock. He liked it that way; it made it feel more personal. If he closed his eyes, it felt like they were cheering him, for who he was, not just as a face, a persona, a Prince.
They had been talking about the likelihood of Sherlock becoming King before his fortieth birthday; Sherlock had said 20%, Mycroft said 50%. ‘Father may abdicate,’ he pointed out. ‘Allow his golden boy to take over. I wouldn't say it was unlikely.’
‘Furthest shelf to the left, third row up, far left.’ Sherlock shot John a quick, insincere smile, and dropped back to the floor, hidden from view.
John shrugged. ‘He was a homophobic, slightly racist twathole.’
Because it was Sherlock, his Sherlock, his face on the television and John had had no idea just how much he had missed that face, missed Sherlock, until he saw it for the first time in what seemed like forever.
Rosie nodded, frantically nodded, and threw her arms around her father with a choked sob, and John wiped a single tear from his eye, every thought he’d had before banished, before he started backing away, back to their other child, letting Sherlock Holmes have a moment with his, their, eldest child.
He attends a party in his second week and the girlfriend of a second-year student comes onto him, dragging him upstairs into an empty bedroom and sucking him off against a wall covered in Pokemon posters. It’s short, it’s random and it’s
‘You might not but Lestrade will,’ Sherlock said confidently. ‘Every time I turn up at your house Lestrade almost begs me to stay. He says that taking the twins to the Yard by himself is near impossible and-‘
He goes home that night, ready to tell Mary that it’s over, that he’s in love with Sherlock, that he wants the children and then he’s leaving, but the flat is silent. He checks all the bedrooms and finds nothing: frowning, he walks into the kitchen.
John resisted the urge to drag his eyes appreciatively up the boy’s body, instead smiling as warmly as he could. ‘I
‘You know, Sherlock,’ Lestrade panted, struggling to keep up with the taller boy. ‘Maybe everyone else is right. Maybe you should just ask him. He’s probably most likely to say yes, John’s that sort of bloke-‘
But as Sherlock looked at James Moriarty, he realised something.
Maybe it was because they were all so much older, John thought. Irene, Janine and Mike were all sixteen and it was John’s sixteenth in less than a week. Molly and Sherlock had both only just turned fifteen, which was evident in Molly (who, upon hearing they were going to spend the last night before John, Janine and Irene went home drinking illegally on the roof had shaken her head adamantly and had an early night) but less so in Sherlock, who’d shrugged and followed them to the cafeteria before advising Irene when it was best to steal the wine.
John smirked and kissed Sherlock again, softer. ‘Then will you go out with me?’ He mumbled against Sherlock’s lips.
On second thoughts, John decided, it might be better to keep that little titbit to himself.
John shifted uncomfortably. ‘I don't know if I would say in love-‘
The boy smirked slightly, before taking one of John’s cups and sipping it, slowly. John raised an eyebrow, surprised by the audacity, but didn’t reprimand him. ‘I’m surprised you’re not wincing,’ he said instead. ‘It’s pretty strong.’
‘Jesus.’ John said, sounding only mildly surprised. ‘Can I say it?’
‘Oh, John, I’m so happy for you.’ His mother sounded close to tears, and Sherlock grinned, imagining John in there, jaw working frantically, no words coming out.
Obviously no one had expected them to get accepted into the trial so quickly, or for their surrogate to fall pregnant so effectively, but on Mycroft’s twenty-fourth birthday their twin boys, Christopher Zachary and Ezra Sherlock Lestrade-Holmes had been born, Christopher with light brown hair and big blue/green eyes and Ezra with a mop of black curls and dark eyes, just like Lestrade’s.
‘So what do you and your friends usually do?’ Sherlock asked curiously. John shrugged. ‘I dunno. Talk-‘
John sat down next to the bed. ‘Well you’ll be seeing plenty of him.’ And then, shyly, ‘We were hoping you’d be godmother.’
And that left John and Sherlock.
John looked at his mother and sighed. ‘You want me to stay?’
Sherlock sniffed. ‘For John, of course.’
lame.’ Harry pulled a face as she dropped her suitcase, looking around in disdain. ‘God, Mum,
John frowned. ‘What?’
For some reason Sherlock and Irene got on like a house on fire. They were both incredibly intelligent, both incredibly attractive and both wicked at heart: they were
Suddenly, Sherlock reached backwards and slipped a bit of paper into John’s hand, though his face remained turned forwards. John turned it over, squinting in the darkness. ‘What’s this?’
person. His name is James- actually, his name isn’t important, what’s important is I helped him do some very bad things and became addicted to heroin- and cocaine, I suppose- while I was doing that. When I was fourteen, my brother put me in rehab: I started self-harming, I became depressed, without the drugs everything seemed…’ he waved his hands. ‘Bigger. Louder. Scarier. I met Irene there, you met her last week, she was in there for alcohol problems.’ Upon seeing John’s shocked lock, he laughed. ‘I know, you would never have guessed. Irene helped me get over those problems, but I was in rehab for over a year. I’d been accepted into Oxford before I went into rehab, but I wanted a change in scenery, so I applied to Corpus Christi College, and the rest is history.’
They noticed at the same time and broke away instantly. The moment they were apart, Rosie’s frown lifted, and she held her arms up to John. ‘Dada!’
‘The first was my oldest friend.’ Sherlock said. ‘You may have seen him; I was outside with him just now.’
Mycroft snorted but John just stared at Sherlock. He had no idea what the words meant, of course, but Sherlock’s lips moving around those big words…
‘John!’ Sherlock panted from behind him, having finally caught up. ‘You didn’t tell me you’ve been exercising. Since when have you been
Sherlock turned slowly. Lestrade was no longer asleep; Lestrade was very much awake and staring at Sherlock with an expression of pure shock.
Sherlock looked interested. ‘Hmm?’
‘Brilliant,’ John whispered, and they were in each other’s arms for just a moment, two heads pressed against each other, two pairs of eyes locked, before Ella said, ‘Boys. I need you here.’
Sherlock.’
‘Alexander. Isabelle. I am not
Nathaniel stops talking and John pulls himself together enough to say, ‘that’s brilliant, son. Congratulations, Charlotte.’
‘How do I know that?’ Sherlock said, already moving towards the desk. Morag tutted. ‘You don’t. But are you willing to risk it?’ She followed Sherlock; her back was to John.
He reached the fourth floor and their quarters. He was about to open the door to go into the bedroom when he heard voices.
Sherlock laughed, ruffling his son’s straight brown hair. ‘Three names is plenty, Christopher.’
As if reading his thoughts, John murmured, ‘this is real, isn’t it?’
it, he
Sherlock smiled at him. It was a proper smile, not the usual sarcastic one he reserved for his brother, and Mycroft returned it and in that moment John was fully aware of just how much the brothers loved each other and just how much they were prepared to do for each other. They would lie, they would kill, they would even let the entire nation fall to keep the other safe.
John smirked slightly. ‘What are these three things?’
‘Two.’ Mycroft said absentmindedly, and Sherlock scowled. ‘Mycroft. Focus on me. Or, better yet, tell your little boyfriend that if security isn’t flawless I will personally sack him.’ Sherlock may have liked Lestrade, who had been supplying him with cases for years, but he strongly disliked his relationship with Mycroft: it made his brother less interesting and more sick-making (Mycroft was bad: Mycroft-in-love was torture).
‘Ok,’ he said simply. ‘Ok, John.’
‘Did they meet here?’ John asked, and Sherlock snorted. ‘Yeah. Mycroft was fifteen, Lestrade was a few months younger. Mycroft was totally smitten from first sight but Lestrade was a straight boy who totally played him for three summers.’ He paused. ‘And then, of course, he randomly realised that he was totally in love with Mycroft, God knows why.’
Sarah was still talking so John tuned back in, resisting the urge to roll his eyes. Instead he smiled as honestly as he could, taking her hand. He’d known from the moment he’d met Sarah that she wasn’t his soulmate: you weren’t meant to know, but John was sure that he would. His soulmate would be obvious.
John rolled his eyes at his mother and sister, poking his head around the door to his right. ‘Come on, guys, it’s really not that bad.’
‘Curly.’ Mycroft jested as they rounded the final corner. ‘Cheeky-‘
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. ‘Lestrade,’ he began, an impish look in his eyes, ‘Est-il amusant, sucer la bite de mon frère, ou est trop gros pour être confortable?’
In fact, ‘wanted’ was not the right word. John
John’s grin widened slightly, but he didn’t say anything, instead raising his eyebrows, indicating Sherlock continued.
Please comment and leave kudos!
‘Alright, Ellie.’ He smiled as he ordered a small iced mango smoothie and a blueberry muffin. ‘How are you?’
fire). ‘You, or the thing?’ He laughed, and he saw John laughing too (oh, how he loved to make John laugh). ‘Funny!’ John grinned, and Sherlock ducked his head. ‘Thank you.’
) and said in a mocking high voice, ‘hi. Mate. I’m, um…’
‘I apologise for this mandatory viewing,’ he apologised. ‘Let me first assure you that my family and I are all perfectly healthy. In fact, I’m here today to share good news.’
‘But my
John paused, put his head in his hands, and said, 'the thing is, Sherlock, that I can't help but love you, even though I tried, I tried
‘Mycroft will be furious,’ John muttered against Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock pulled away and groaned, ‘please don’t talk about my brother while we’re kissing.’
It was the best summer of John’s life.
Sherlock stood up, smiling tightly. ‘What do you mean, step-mummy dearest? Do you mean that my daddy will disown me? Possibly have the person I love exiled, killed?’
The first thing John did when he arrived at the resort was drop his suitcase and envelop Sherlock in the biggest hug he could, arms around his back, nose buried in his hair.
John shrugged. ‘I did a project on it for my A level.’
‘Not gay,’ John blustered, and Sherlock raised an eyebrow. ‘Right. Well, Victor is a friend. We have this thing where we fuck and he gives me information on heroin.’ On John’s expression, he frowned. ‘Not for me. Well. Not anymore.’
is here,’ he had said, blinking back tears. ‘My school. My connections. My- my friends.’ For the first time in his life, Sherlock was truly happy, and now they were
They made their way to the balcony room at half past three, holding hands.
Mycroft’s expression softened slightly and he shrugged. ‘I've said time and time again that I have your best interests at heart, brother mine.’
‘It’s not fun being around you when you’re like this!’ Sherlock yelled. ‘You’re being an arse!’
Charlie looked very like John with her long blonde hair and bright blue eyes, small stature and feisty nature. Although she was very intelligent she was much less interested in academics than her older brother, and wanted to be a footballer.
He was wandering down a normal street that looked vaguely familiar, though he wasn’t really sure why, chatting on his mobile to Mary, a girl in one of his lectures, when suddenly, out of the corner of his eye, he saw the shop.
‘People,’ John continued, and his gaze had moved away from Sherlock so he was addressing the door frame and Sherlock realised with a jolt that John couldn't even look at him, that was how much he’d fucked up.
He didn’t want to explain this to Sarah, though, so instead he said, ‘Yeah, well. I didn’t even start getting them until I was three, so they’re a lot younger than me.’ At sixteen, John considered himself almost a man, and it made his brain hurt to think his soulmate was only
let him out. There are explicit instructions:
The guilt was responsible for all the hardships in Sherlock’s life, and if that guilt had just been banished when he was a child it could all have been avoided.
John covered his face with his hands. ‘Please don’t say you like my sister just after you've given me a blowjob.’ Sherlock had grinned before leaning towards John slowly, smiling down at him with an expression that even John couldn’t read, and he didn't even seem to care that Harry knew. Although the whole world now knew it was John who was Sherlock’s mysterious best friend, John had asked his family not to talk about Sherlock with anyone, and Sherlock seemed to think that this would still apply despite Harry knowing that they were in a sexual relationship.
Rosie looked satisfied, and Sherlock felt indestructible.
It was nothing new to John, though. John had cried for that boy every single night since they had found out, three days before.
‘Fine?’ Sherlock laughed slightly and even though it was snotty and weak it made John smile. ‘Not how I would describe our situation.’
It was like all his worst nightmares bundled together. The boy Sherlock had never wished to see or hear from again, the boy who had betrayed Sherlock more than anyone in the world, the boy who Sherlock had spent the last two and a half years trying to get over, standing by his dresser, talking to his boyfriend and oh god what would James do? What would he say?
‘I give you,’ the Archbishop shouted, ‘the King of our country and her territories, Sherlock William Scott!’
. ‘That’s Jim,’ she gestured at the boy on the sofa, ‘And that’s Victor.’ The boy on the floor waved. ‘We’re friends of Jim’s from school: we assume you knew him before? We don’t care. What has my Sherlock been doing to you?’
John flinched at the phrase and Sherlock’s fist tightened more. ‘You’re saying if I continue dating John, I am no longer allowed at the palace?’
‘I’m over here, idiot.’ John approached the counter timidly, before leaning over and looking down. ‘Hullo?’
), on the sofa against the wall were an older man (
It hadn’t done any good, though. The boy had died; his name was Sherrinford Scott, and he was twenty one years old, the exact same age as Sherlock.
that incident where you blew up the kitchen traumatised him.’
‘Go away,’ Sherlock laughed, and John giggled as well. ‘In fact, I think you’re the first person who’s ever told me it’s
Both of her step-sons shut up, Sherlock glaring at Mycroft, Mycroft looking more indifferent, though John could see behind his hard blue eyes how truly concerned he was for Sherlock. Trisha sighed. ‘I just meant that you really need to be careful, Sherlock. You know what they will do to you. You know it will end badly if anyone else finds out.’
He has three months, he estimates. He used to be a doctor (a good one, too) and he thinks he’s about right with his guess. He doesn't tell anyone until he has about a month left, knowing it will upset them, and even then only tells Lizzie and Nathaniel. Everyone else who would care is long dead- Mycroft, Harriet, Mike.
‘King William, I bet.’ Harry took another swig of her hip-flask. ‘He wouldn't go for Sherlock, it’s too edgy. Behind that bad-boy attitude I’ve always thought he was a straight little clone of his Daddy.’
Siger opened the door to the Quad and several A.T’s as well as Violet turned around. ‘I recruited John and Jenny,’ Siger said. ‘I thought they’d be helpful-‘
‘I should have done it earlier, I’m probably missing the birth of your sibling and John will kill me,’ Sherlock said dramatically, flopping back. ‘But I had to do it now, Rosie. I’m not trying to replace your mother, I could never do that, but you mean more to me than almost anything on the planet, and because being your father has been my greatest honour, and I want you to be mine in name and in law as well as in heart.’ He paused. ‘If you’d like?’
‘You were a little kid,’ John whispered, staying as close to Sherlock as he could. ‘You couldn’t do anything, and then you had to keep it a secret and you were brave, Sherlock, you were brave-‘
‘Well, he’s the oldest.’ Victor pointed out. ‘He should be the heir, really.’
Unfortunately, at this point, it was too late.
Sarah rolled her eyes. ‘He’s such a prick when he’s drunk.’
John shook his head and stared at him, eyes lidded from the alcohol. ‘I’ve wanted to kiss you for over four years.’
‘Rosamund Watson,’ Sherlock said, very seriously, ‘How would you like to become Rosamund Watson-Holmes?’
‘Mike likes me.’
Sherlock stared at him, and Sherlock had no doubts that he meant it, and James stared back, and James smirked very slightly.
‘I…John, I’m sorry.’ It was weak. He knew it, John knew it, and he called him out, barking out a false laugh. ‘That’s nice. That’s nice, Sherlock. You’re
‘Fine.’ John reassured his father. ‘She’s fine. Don’t worry about it, Dad.’
John knows he is dying when he collapses in the supermarket a few days after his ninetieth birthday. The doctors say it’s a brain tumour, inoperable, and that he’ll be dead by the end of the summer: he doesn't mind, doesn't want treatment, just wants to let nature take its course. He’s had a long and fulfilling life and he knows it’s time to finish, now, leaving behind all of those people he loves.
it. Finally,
‘What does it say?’ John frowned. Although he had picked up some French over the two summers he’d been here, he had no idea what this said. Too many verbs.
‘Everyone treats me like I’m made of glass,’ Sherlock said, matter-of-factly. ‘They treat me like a…like a Prince.’
A very tanned, smiling french man with fluffy brown hair came up behind Mycroft, casually touching his waist as he said, ‘ Vous aviez besoin, ma chérie. Votre père vous veut là-bas, l'organisation de la chose déclaration de la police.’ He made a face before kissing Mycroft on the cheek. ‘Je ne comprende pas.’
‘I have no idea what you just said,’ John sniffed, and Sherlock chuckled again. ‘That’s the point.’
'It doesn't matter,' Jenny spat. 'Why would she do that?' Jenny Watson hated Morag, advisor to the royal family, with a passion. She had seen Morag as the main reason why nobody could be told of Sherlock and John’s romantic arrangement and had been outraged when the older woman had literally threatened the Watson family if they dared breathe a word of John and Sherlock’s relationship to anybody.
John was kissing him. John’s lips were pressed against his.
You gave up any right to see or speak to your children when you left us that night and never came back, never even made an effort to see any of us.’
Sherlock had pretended not to care, when they were born. He had moaned at John about going to see them, but as he held his niece for the first time, looked into her big blue eyes and marvelled at her soft, auburn hair, he had felt extremely strange, and not in a bad way.
), exhaled. ‘Where were you, William?’
Trisha, Archie and Mycroft followed Sherlock out, Trisha in a long black dress, Mycroft in a black suit and little Archie, who was only eight years old, dressed in a black suit and tie that made him see about ten years older. The camera followed his little pinched face, clutching his mother's hand, and John suddenly remembered something that he had been sure he had forgotten, e'd been so young. It had been widely documented but John had only been seven: now, out of the blue, he remembered another little boy who had lost a parent in a too-big suit, though that little boy hadn't had a mother to hold onto.
‘How did you-‘
Sebby grinned and nodded and Sherlock smiled to himself. Jim may have made it seem like his feelings for Sebby were barely existent but deep down he clearly cared very deeply for the boy, and Sherlock was happy. Jim needed someone to stop him going full on psycho and Sherlock would not always be around to stop him.
‘I just…they’re all twats, Johnny. They’re all rich, obnoxious cunts.’ Harry sounded close to tears.
The door was pushed open, and Sherlock was gone so quickly that John fell to the ground, landing on his left knee and wincing as a pain shot up his leg.
His heart was thudding, his head was spinning and he didn’t even think about the woman he had just shot, he couldn’t think of her. All he could think of was Moriarty, the man who had ruined his relationship, the man who had hooked Sherlock onto heroin, the man who John, with his still-smoking gun, was going to murder-
Sherlock bit his lip and sighed. ‘Fine. I can see that you are a seventeen year old boy, confident, popular, slightly self-conscious, with a father who was absent as part of the armed forces and a mother who is overprotective. You have an alcoholic older brother who you are ashamed of, yet love dearly, though he does not know this. You’re an, ahem, ladies man, you are taking Chemistry, History, PE and Biology for your A2s and will study medicine at university. You are planning on joining the armed forces because of your father. You have a dog, you’re left-handed and you have a female best friend along with Mike.’
‘But he loves you. Whether it is platonically or romantically is the question.’ Mycroft looked quickly at Sherlock and Sherlock felt himself grow even hotter. ‘You must decide whether you are going to take a risk, or if you are going to leave it and never know what might have been.’
‘The constant ‘not gay!’ Sherlock cried. ‘Why would it be so bad if you were gay?’
Seven people had come out onto the balcony, aged from about thirty-five to twenty. At first, John didn’t recognise any of them (were they the doctors who had examined William’s body?) and tried to look past them, searching the balcony for Sherlock-
Sherlock mocked hurt, staring at the waiter with wide eyes. ‘You injure me…’
John tried to ignore the flicker in his chest and looked at the cake. Ordinarily he would tell Sherlock to fuck off, but the other boy seemed…well. Intriguing.
'I miss John,' Lestrade said as he followed Sherlock. 'He keeps you in check.'
It doesn't matter that this goes against John’s policy of breaking Sherlock because he has never seen the younger man so sad, and for some reason it hurts
John didn't answer. Instead, he took Sherlock’s face in his hands and he kissed him again, and he tried to put everything,
Sherlock huffed. ‘Has anyone ever told you, Rosie, that you’re so like John. Always interrupting me. What I mean to say is, I’d like to be there for my
Sherlock nodded, his head silhouetted in the full moon, and they lapsed back into quiet as Sherlock rowed. John didn't like to disturb him when he was in the zone, and Sherlock was clearly enjoying the powerful movement of the oar on the silent lake.
‘You should.’
and John can’t believe how stupid he was. He lost sight of the plan, gave in to emotion and now,
‘Just freaking ask him,’ Irene sighed, swinging her legs off his desk. ‘Now, are you going to sleep with me or not?’
‘Whoopee for you.’ John muttered, glaring at the table. ‘Why is Mike delayed?’
‘So what are you required for?’ John asked, clearly not wanting to continue the conversation they had been having. Sherlock was surprised at the pang of disappointment that shot through him; did he have a subconscious desire to be painfully rejected? Clearly his self-destructive feelings had grown out of control again, he would have to have a word with his ‘assistant’ (his father had called the therapist his assistant for the first few sessions, thinking it would get Sherlock better used to the idea that he was a fucked up freak who had been shoved into therapy. It hadn’t) again. And possibly the doctor: maybe they’d all been right when they’d suggested Sherlock didn't come off his meds quite so soon.
‘No. You’re wrong.’ He was doing his half-laugh, the little sound he made when he was so angry that shouting couldn't happen anymore, and Sherlock shrunk further back into the corner. ‘Forgetting to pick someone up from the airport is a mistake. Choosing spots and stripes is a mistake. Calling a teacher mummy is a mistake. Cheating on someone who you’ve made a
Sherlock slammed the door, slammed John against it and slammed his lips into John’s.
‘Fine.’ Mycroft snapped. ‘But the moment your child is born I’m going to be twittering about it. Live.’
John pulled back his right hand and punched the man square in the jaw.
his name?’
'Who the hell are they?' Harry said, looking at John, who shook his head in amazement. 'No idea. Literally. Never seen one before.'
An hour later, having been awoken by the sound of something hitting his window, Sherlock leaves Victor asleep in their bed and saunters downstairs, relaxed, relieved and rested. ‘Colin,’ he calls to his butler as he pads into the kitchen. ‘Any news?’
‘IT’S AN INVASION OF PRIVACY-‘
James sighed; for a moment, Sherlock thought he could see relief in those dead eyes; then the moment past and James was grinning like a snake as he snapped his hips in further, his other hand moving slowly to Sherlock’s dick and carefully pulling at it in time to his thrusts, and Sherlock could feel nothing, everything, and he was so close-
‘Oh, Nathaniel,’ John whispers, and he pulls his son into the tightest hug he can. ‘Oh, Nathaniel.’
Violet and Octavia exchanged quick grins before Violet said, ‘can we go tidy our room?’
The next thing John knew, Sherlock’s lips were pressed against his.
That was idiotic, though. There was no way that John Watson would ever like an arrogant, fucked-up freak like him. It was amazing that he had wanted to be friends with Sherlock; lovers was impossible. No one liked Sherlock; no one would ever like Sherlock, of that he was sure. No one wanted Sherlock; no one would ever want Sherlock. Why would John be an exception to that rule?
The moment Sherlock opens the door John’s kissing him, hand in his curls, and the adrenalin rush is so good that John almost passes out.
The shop is still called
But what hurt most was that Sherlock couldn’t see just how amazing he was.
His mother laughed and pecks him on the top of his curly head. Sherlock noticed a faint yellow scrape down the side of her face, and smiled through his tears when he deduced that his father must have been scratched by Billy, their cat, again. ‘They don’t mean to, baby. And I’m sure you’ll do just the same.’
Morag blushed slightly and stood up straighter, angry at being humiliated. ‘Shut up, you stupid little boy. You’re a worthless waste of my time,’ she snapped.
Mycroft sighed. ‘Are we really talking about this, Sherlock?’
‘I made a mistake and I’m sorry, but we both know that Sherlock would kill himself a thousand times if he thought it would keep you alive. You need to stop him.’
His gaze softens, and he pulls John up, though he’s still a good six inches taller than him. ‘You’re the only one who calls me that. Most people call me Nat, though Lizzie still calls me Natty-‘
‘How- how do you know?’ John was so confused that he couldn't even register that he and Sherlock were talking for the first time in almost
Sherlock could feel himself leaning towards Hamish, but for some reason, for the first time in his life, he didn’t (couldn’t?) stop. ‘I think you’re probably the first person that’s ever called me stupid,’ Sherlock whispered, his voice hoarse, and Hamish cupped his cheek, fingers tangling in the too-long inky curls. ‘Well, someone had to say it.’
John put his hand on the gravestone and closed his eyes as the ache in his chest – the ache that had been ever-present since Sherlock jumped off the top of a hospital two years before – grew and grew and grew, until it hurt to think and breathe, and the crushing weight of regret brought John to his knees on Sherlock’s grave, choking back tears as he whispered to the stone and the wildflowers and the silence in the graveyard, ‘I wish you could hear me.’
It was Sherlock that pulled away, self-consciously running his hand through his hair as he said, ‘You’re late.’
Sherlock pulled a face. ‘Love is stupid. It makes people into fools. Mycroft was fun before he met Lestrade, and now he’s mature and boring and wouldn't row or swim with me anymore, even when Lestrade
Sherlock ducked his head, and John saw a tear fall onto his sheet. ‘I don't want you to leave.’
John stared at him. Sherlock was staring back.
At this the photographer, who has sat valiantly through the whole improper conversation, falls backwards into a faint, just as the camera goes off.
Sherlock was closely followed by Trisha, Archie and Mycroft, who stood slightly behind Sherlock as he stepped up to the microphone.
Even now, John can’t help but remember his own wedding, with Sherlock smiling at him from across the aisle with all the love in the world in his eyes. The tears are welling in his eyes and he’s glad that now, at least, he can cry without people worrying because that’s what people do at wedding’s.
John thought of Harry and bit his lip.
‘Go out Archie’s window,’ Victor suggested. ‘That overlooks the grounds. You can get out of the gate.’
‘Manners,’ Mycroft hisses from slightly behind the photographer. ‘You have all the time in the world, Sherlock.’
And now here they were again, ready to see the royal family without the man who had led them for forty-seven years. They were ready to see a widowed Queen, fatherless children (it occurred to John that both Sherlock and Mycroft were now orphans and his heart broke a little more) and a nineteen year old boy who was now the most powerful person in the world.
am the King!’
‘Sherlock!’ John said reproachfully, and Sherlock jolted out of his mind palace. ‘Hmm?’
He watched as John opened his mouth, try to think of something to say, and close it again when he realised that nothing could be said to make this, the end of them, any better. He watched John go down the stairs, watched the door close and watched John walk away forever.
Sherlock needs mortals. They remind him what is good in the world, their excitement at life almost catching. They remind him that life, mortal or eternal, is a gift.
He didn’t even have time to register what this would mean for him; all he saw was how awful Sherlock looked, and the only thing he could think was that he needed to help Sherlock, comfort Sherlock, make this better for Sherlock. He stepped forwards until he was in reaching distance of his boyfriend and reached out a hand, even as what seemed like the entire room gasped. ‘Sher-‘
‘Exactly. Ergo, we must clean. Violet, clear my desk, but don't look in any of my case files, John dislikes it.’ Violet rolled her eyes and went over to the desk, stacking the files untidily. ‘Half of this mess is Ant, anyway.’ She directed her well-known evil glare at her little brother, who just giggled and fell off Sherlock’s stomach. ‘It’s actually really sexist to make the girls do the cleaning, Daddy,’ Tavvy said as she moved onto the mantelpiece. ‘You and Ant are just sitting there and me and Vi have to clean-‘
‘I understand.’ Sherlock assured him. ‘My brother, Mycroft-‘
‘Hi, Sherlock.’ Trisha (
‘Alright.’ John shrugged on his coat and crossed the doorstep, standing just outside the shop. ‘Sherlock-‘
John looked down. 'Ok, Sherlock. I'm sure you're wondering why I'm here-‘
she take his children, how
‘I said,’ Sherlock murmured, ‘that you were worth more than my friends, more than my family and more than my kingdom. And do you know what?’
John sat down, his back to the wall, and stared at his hands. The hands which were now bloody, because whatever John said to Sherlock he had never killed anyone in Afghanistan, injured plenty, certainly, but never killed, and now he had.
Henry Watson knelt down so he was level with his daughter and said quietly, ‘They’re not like us, Harriet. They’re- they’ve made poor choices. Choices that make them different.’
‘I’m glad he went and got you,’ Sherlock whispered, and he wanted to reach out and take John's hand but he didn't know if he was allowed to, if that was ok, if he would be accepted, because John still hadn't said why he was here. ‘I’m glad he was brave enough to do something that I could never do.’
‘Jim doesn't count as anyone, Sher. I’m surprised you didn't tell him. You’ve got that creepy telepathic thing going on.’
‘Sherlock!’ Irene grabbed his hand and smiled, and Sherlock’s eyes widened at her dress. ‘Jesus Christ, Irene, you look
‘If you mean in the last year, yeah.’ Another girl said. Her voice was deeper, more masculine than the first girl’s and Sherlock smiled; this one had spirit. ‘I feel like we haven’t spoken in six months, Johnny.’
After an age, Sherlock stopped and pointed upwards. John dutifully looked at the sky.
Victor smiled. ‘Why did your dad wait so long to have children? I mean, you’re fifteen, Mycroft’s twenty-two, Archie’s five…he was forty when Mycroft was born, right? And fifty-seven when Archie-’
‘Have you ever seen the person you love most in the world die?’ Sherlock repeated, still looking at John. ‘Because I have, John, and I never wanted to see that again.’
Sherlock turned his head slightly but didn’t say anything. John took a reluctant step forwards, not willing to look at the body, and took Sherlock’s hand. ‘Sherlock,’ he whispered, ‘Sherlock, please come with me.’ He gently pulled on the hand he held; Sherlock stepped away from the body without a fight, letting John lead him back to the trapdoor, though as John tried to pull him down he stopped, still staring at the body and
‘You will not touch a hair on John’s head,’ Sherlock growled, stepping towards her. ‘You will not-‘
John looked down, and for a horrible second Sherlock thought that he’d made a huge mistake and of course John didn’t love him, didn’t want to marry him, what was he thinking? He and John had barely had a civilised conversation in weeks, and here Sherlock was asking him to marry him, and god Sherlock was stupid-
Sherlock had had to think hard for that one. The gay thing was out of the question; he had told both Victor and Mycroft about that and had plans to tell no one else. He didn’t want to tell John everything that had occurred with James, or his mother’s funeral, but he didn’t want to lie, either. John had an uncanny knack for realising when he was lying.
‘I swear to God, Octavia Molly, if anything short of
The smile grew as Sherlock turned to Mike. ‘My friend.’
‘What?’ John said stupidly. ‘Your house?’
Sherlock shook his head frantically from the corner of the bedroom, where he’d been standing, shaking, for the last ten minutes. ‘Please, John-‘
Please leave kudos and comment and spread the word about this fanfic! :)
And he hated himself for that.
John didn’t say anything, a cold feeling settling in his stomach. Was Sherlock talking about Jim? Oh, god, was he still in love with Jim?
‘We had them sorted,’ Nathaniel shrugs. ‘The younger one- the smaller one- is going to be William Sherlock Watson-Holmes. Will, for short.’
thing to say, and shrugged. ‘Can’t do anything about delayed planes.’
be watching Game of Thrones.’
Greg didn’t even bother to correct him, smiling up at him. ‘Congrats, Sherlock.’
‘He did his GCSE’s aged thirteen.’ John muttered to his mother. ‘Thirteen A*. Then he did his A levels when he was fifteen; top marks in Chemistry, Maths, Further Maths, History, Physics and Spanish.’
‘He’s fluent in Spanish, Russian, Mandarin, Hindi, Mandarin, Portugese, Italian, French, Arabic and English.’ John spoke proudly, eyes fixed on Sherlock, who blushed. ‘Yes, I am. It’s useful when you have as many engagements as I. I once had dinner with the Chinese Premier and discussed our nuclear warhead plans because the translator was ill.’
‘Why?’ Harry had piped up, and John had shaken his head in warning at his big sister. She might have been two years older, but she was a girl, and girls didn’t really seem to use the word
What he did not expect was an impassive blink of the eyes.
And John vowed that he would be friends with this boy, who was so much more than a Prince, and would be there for him always. Partly because he liked him, partly because he looked sad, and partly because it was the adrenalin rush that John Watson lived for.
‘Bet you never saw this coming,’ John says, and Sherlock realises that he is moving, moving towards the man he’d thought was his friend, the man he cared most about in this life or the next, the sharp knife of treachery boring into his heart. He wants to take John and tell him it can’t be right, that he can’t be Moriarty, that he’s John Watson and he is his
Morag had frozen. William had frozen. John was frozen, staring at his boyfriend with undisguised amazement evident on his features.
John giggled and lurched forward. ‘Noooooo. You’re
Sherlock stopped pacing to listen to Ella, who sighed and put the magazine down. ‘She’s six centimetres dilated, waters haven’t broken, baby is absolutely fine.’ She checked her watch. ‘And contractions are not coming particularly frequently, so I’d say we’re in for a long haul, boys. Hope you didn’t have plans for tonight.’
He grinned and sat down next to John. ‘I’m glad you think so.’
Sherlock nodded, gazing up at James with unadulterated adoration. He and John had never done anal sex; they had discussed it and Sherlock had always shied away from the thought, and John had never pushed Sherlock into doing anything that he didn't want to do. After he and James had stopped…whatever it was they were doing, Sherlock had reflected on their sexual life and been completely and utterly mortified over how out of control he was and promised himself that he would never, ever put himself back in that position, ever again.
‘We need to stop,’ John gasps, and Sherlock shakes his head, unable to bear the thought of them being apart, not for as long as they live. ‘John.’
John inhaled sharply, the mental image causing him genuine pain. Henry put a heavy hand on his son’s back and glared at his daughter. ‘Harriet.’ He said firmly. ‘No.’
Sarah looked slightly disappointed. ‘I didn’t get hit by a ball yesterday!’
‘Can I write down me?’ Sherlock asked as he reached for a pen. ‘Whoopsie, not a pen. John. Why are we leaving cya- cya-‘
He couldn’t listen as Sherlock talked about how they had found no cause of death, how it had been sudden, how much of a shock it was. He didn’t hear Sherlock paying tribute to his father, didn’t see the tears tracking down Trisha’s face, or Archie’s pinched eyes.
Sherlock sighed. ‘If you’re very, very good.’
‘We know, love, but you’ve got to come.’ She genuinely looked guilty. ‘I’m not leaving you here alone, Sherlock, and you’ll enjoy Italy. I promise! Siger’s already looked at schools, Myc’s found you a contact in the police, and you’ll make other friends. I’m sure.’
‘Yup.’ Sherlock grinned: he was good at men. Very good. John was a man-
Morag laughed. ‘You can’t see? Sherlock Holmes, the wonder boy?’ She stepped closer to him, walking in a circle around the chair. ‘You see, Sherlock, it was all me.’
John led the way up the street, still ignoring the paparazzi trailing after him. He led the way to number 4 (
Talia looked away and Xander wriggled slightly. Sherlock sighed and leaned back on his feet. ‘I feel sorry for you, you know. And not only because you have the world’s fattest prick for a father. You were born into this godforsaken family, and you’re so innocent, so untouched, and they’re going to make your life a living hell. It starts well, I suppose. Presents and days named after you and pictures of you in the newspaper, and that’s all fine when you’re a kid, but when you grow…’ Sherlock looked down. ‘The press puts pictures of me in compromising situations. I am constantly hounded. I just want to be left alone. I have all these issues from being brought up the way I am. I was exploited by a mad Irishman, I was cursed with being both gay and the heir to the throne, I was abused by a nanny, my mother killed herself-‘
James lunged forwards, grabbing Sherlock’s shoulders and pulling their faces closer together. ‘Listen to me,’ James said in a voice so calm it genuinely scared Sherlock because Jim was never this calm. Excitable, insane and flamboyant but never calm. ‘Listen. We could be incredible together, Sherlock. We could make this country more than powerful; we could make it invincible. We could rule the planet, the galaxy, the universe. We could be feared everywhere, Sherlock. And by being feared, we would be invincible, because who would overthrow you if they were scared? Being an angel isn’t you. Accept that you love me, Sherlock, and we can rule the world together.’ James held him close, eyes searching his face, and Sherlock stared back.
John nervously took a seat next to Mycroft; the other man sniffed and looked back down at his phone. Mycroft was not only very protective of Sherlock but also looked extremely regal; he was probably the Holmes that intimidated John the most, bar the King.
) stood and so did Sherlock; he slowly rotated, showing himself to all four sides of the Abbey. His feet ached in the too-tight shoes and the robe was heavy on his shoulders, and he suddenly felt so, so tired, right down to his bones, as the cameras flashed and the people stared and his silent heart beat in his chest.
Jenny was still crying and Harry groaned, turning to her mother. ‘Seriously, mum. He was a great King and everything but seriously.’
‘His name is James Moriarty,’ Sherlock said tightly. ‘He’s Irish, and he is not important. The third, though, is.’
The reason why he felt miserable the majority of the time was because Sherlock Holmes was desperately and irrevocably in love with his (Flatmate? Best friend? Blogger?), a man by the name of John Watson who loved hideous jumpers, the winter and adrenaline rushes and hated the year 2013, cold tea and Siri. Sherlock had been in love with John Watson since the day after he met him (January 27
, because who would overthrow you if they were this scared?
Finally, as a woman wraps her arm around his shoulders and bends down next to him, as his tears fall on the floor, mingling with the blood of his best friend, as his life implodes around him, John Watson chokes out the words he wanted to say most to his best friend, his flatmate, his detective, his world. ‘I love you,’ he manages, and then again and again, hands gripping Sherlock’s broken body, head against Sherlock’s still chest. ‘I love you, I love you, I love you-‘
‘Not really, Sher.’ Jim had laughed. ‘You’ve got, what, five days?’
‘You knew who I was?’ John said, blinking rapidly. The man rolled his eyes. ‘Come on, John, of course I did. We were both drunk: clearly, you were drunker. I knew you’d remember parts of me, so I decided to let you come to me. I didn’t expect it to take eight years, of course, but you got here eventually. That’s what matters.’
feel guilty-
‘Dad!’ he cried, without even meaning to. ‘Look!’
‘Besides,’ Sherlock adds, ‘We both prefer the touch of those of the same sex as us.’
‘That sounds awful,’ Sherlock said, not looking up from his chemistry. ‘I refuse. What are we talking about?’
‘Suits you,’ John teased. He felt a bit light-headed, but he suspected that when you were with Sherlock you felt like that a large amount of the time. He’d found his soulmate. Nothing else mattered. ‘Maybe I’ll find a job, now.’
‘Well,’ Sherlock said primly, tossing his head back. ‘I am considered the most
When Sherlock awakes on Christmas day, exactly three-quarters of the way into the 17
Sherlock ignored them all, amazed at how the crowd parted for him as he walked through. Sherlock Holmes was still a teenager, a eleven days shy of his twentieth birthday, and he was the most powerful man in the world.
Sherlock grinned evilly as he closed the door of his quarters. His quarters held a large bedroom, an ensuite bathroom, a sitting room, a small kitchen and stairs leading to a second bedroom he mostly used for storing his illegal chemistry kits.
When he leaves just after dawn, pulling his coat up around his neck to protect himself from the harsh wind, the world is red and blue and satisfying, again.
in him, that total
Sherlock didn't reply, too busy watching his daughters open the box. Seeing their heads together, one brown, one blonde, he felt an unusual sense of pride. His twin girls had always been very different; Violet was blonde, with Sherlock’s eyes and mind, and was taller, slimmer and a lot more extroverted than her sister, whilst Tavvy was smaller, with brown hair and John’s eyes. She was very intelligent, that was clear, though compared to Violet people often forgot her, and Sherlock could see a lot of himself in her, when he was that age. Despite their differences, though, the two girls were best friends and utterly dependant on each other: John often said that they were a more obviously affectionate version of Sherlock and Mycroft.
Love was wanting to murder anybody who made the other person sad: love was being willing to murder, even when you were aware of the consequences.
‘It’s nice having you back.’ John whispered as Sherlock led him to the stairs. Sherlock raised an eyebrow. ‘I was gone for a week, John. Less than two hundred hours. I’ve been gone for far longer before.’
John Watson is a soldier-cum-doctor with sparkling blue eyes, a horrible taste in jumpers and the brightest smile that Sherlock has ever seen. He has an incredible taste for adventure, a love of dogs that rivals even Sherlock’s, and (above all) actually
‘There is!’ William cried. ‘It’s not natural! We can’t have a homosexual king, mother! It would make us a laughing stock. It doesn’t matter, anyway. Sherlock isn’t gay. Are you, son?’
John’s lips on Sherlock’s are everything and nothing, and he can’t believe he never realised that this,
‘Anyway,’ she said as she sipped her pina colada. ‘I heard there’s a new girl in your…
‘You’re a bad influence,’ Mycroft said as if it wasn't the most obvious statement in the entire world. ‘I don't know why we let you see them.’
John finally gave Greg his full attention, frowning. ‘What?’
The third thing they said was ‘Well, Mr Watson. We don’t have anything at the moment. We’ll let you know if something comes up.’
) had won one of those ‘win a prize, see the royals’ competitions, he fixed his gaze on the only person in the room he actually liked.
‘Que dit-il?’ - What did he say?
Sherlock shot back, before fixing a more genuine smile on his niece and nephew. ‘Alexander William. Isabelle Sherlock. How are we finding the reception?’
He paused. ‘And this- all of this- is this what you want?’
‘What?’ John leaned forwards. ‘Are you sure?’
) had been demoted to the next box along. Archie waved at him and Sherlock smiled, nodding at Trisha and then his Uncle Richard. Irene was looking whole-heartedly amused whilst Victor, who was sitting next to her, looked slightly bored.
And James began to speak.
Sherlock didn’t even bother rolling his eyes, fixing his gaze on the waiter and batting his eyelashes. ‘Good morning.’
It wasn't in that way, at first. They were just together, in the innocent sense, like they’d been when they were children and happy. Everything was simple, everything was perfect, and John was content with it just as it was.
her eyes said, and Sherlock clenched his fists. It was time. Yes. He could do this. He was Sherlock Holmes, for Christ’s sake. Sherlock-bloody-Holmes-
John went to the palace every Wednesday for a year, trying to find a way to get close to Sherlock. Every Wednesday, Mike turned him away with a sympathetic smile and a, ‘sorry, mate. I’ve got orders. Someone up high has said you’re never allowed in the palace. Ever.’
‘I met John,’ he began, ‘Six years ago. Well. Six years, two months ago.’ The crowd laughed, and Sherlock relaxed a little. ‘We met in this hall, at that table,’ he pointed at Mycroft’s table: Mycroft scowled even harder, ‘and I have never looked back. I hope to never look back again, because I love him, and I want to spend the rest of my life with him. I suppose I already made that clear by marrying him, though, so I’ll move on to an anecdote that most of you do not know.’
Sherlock’s heart contracts as he realises who John is talking to- Mary Morstan, Rosamund Mary, a figure in his mind, a woman he betrayed who saved his best friend’s life. But he’s still silent, utterly silent, and slowly John lowers his head and starts to cry, broken, heaving sobs into his hands as he finally says goodbye to the woman to whom they both owe everything.
Sherlock didn’t reply. Instead, he brought John closer to him, tucking his head under his chin, and John lay on top of him, on the floor of the St Barts laboratory, and listened to the only heart that belonged to him beat, steady and fast, in his left ear. ‘Or we could just stay here,’ he corrected, embraced in warmth, embraced in love. Could you love someone you’d only known for two minutes?
