There's a shout of surprise, voices whispering, then nothing for a long while. Dean counts to ten, stands up, and peeks into the war room.
Dean tosses Sam the keys. Sam doesn’t comment, bless him once again, and climbs into the driver’s seat. Dean curls up on the passenger’s side, rests his head against the window, and doesn’t say a word the whole drive.
Dean grabbed a bulb at random and handed it to Joshua. Without a word, Joshua planted it. The moment he covered it with the soil, long sword-like stems sprouted from the group. A few seconds later, the stems were covered in flowers, a variety of red, pink, and purple.
Castiel did not reply but Dean thought he saw the corner of his eye crinkle. Perhaps Castiel smiled. Dean marched to Castiel, sending snow and patches of ice flying off the roof, shrugged the blanket off his shoulders and wrapped it around Castiel.
No one was home. Dean took one step into the room, not daring to move any further, and saw the mess on Castiel’s desk. It was covered in scribbled notes and haphazard stacks of books, all of them about the Realm’s geography. Dean recognized some of the information from their last lecture. Castiel had to study as much as his students, if not more.
All colour drained from the world. They stood on a cliff overlooking the forest below, a forest much like the one they passed through in order to reach the beach. Purgatory, however, had no life. The trees did not grow. The birds did not sing. The river did not flow. Purgatory was caught in between the states of death and dying. Nothing which resided there would ever achieve peace, as they were doomed to engage in perpetual war. A war that could not-- would not-- end.
The doctor stopped dead in the middle of the hallway. He gripped Dean by the shoulders, moved so they were face to face, and stared into his eyes.
They crossed the gardens. A fallen branch, buried under a pile of blackened snow, caused Jessica to stumble. Dean grabbed Jessica’s arm to stop her from landing in a pile of mud.
More sounds, more voices, more shuffling, more urgency. Hands everywhere, the sharp smell of antiseptic, and a sharp prick in the arm.
The whites of his eyes shining, Cas glanced at his passenger then, as if it was something simple or something normal, he reached for Dean.
So intent upon his task, Sam completely missed the person in front of him as he turned the next corner. He smacked into the man, never once noticing his presence.
His artist's name was Star, a short, dark-haired person with plugs in their ears and tattoos of ships and oceans and religious iconography covering every piece of visible skin. They were a beautiful human, a walking piece of art.
On that particular night, Dean and Castiel held each other closer, clung to each other with more desperation.
Benny pointed to the battlefield. New fighters joined the fray, wearing tattered armour and wielding makeshift weapons. The hellhounds howled and snarled but the combined might of the warriors pushed them back. After a final push, the last hellhound retreated, its limping footprints marking the dirt.
Castiel’s time in Purgatory taught him a lot. His command over his powers was stronger than ever before. This time, once he realized he had allowed Azazel’s corruption to poison Lawrence, he knew he could fix it. He did not hesitate.
Ever the hard worker, Dean swung his sword into the training dummy with fierce determination. He applied every lesson, every technique Castiel had taught him and his improvement showed in each strike. There was no doubt that Dean would become a great knight like he always dreamed. Still, Castiel wished that Dean lived in a place where there was no need for fighting, no need for knights, and no needless deaths.
“Only in special circumstances,” the Metatron said though the army of dogs, “and you, my favourite punching bag, are a
When Castiel turned around, Dean noticed the dark circles under his eyes. Dean saw the fading sunburn that covered his face and disappeared under his shirt. Dean noticed the hunch in his shoulders, the uncertainty in his eyes.
After the final battle, after taking down Chuck, after the world was finally, truly, permanently at peace, the Winchesters carried on.
“She’s a good friend.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck then made a point of meeting Castiel’s eyes. “You must’ve been tired last night.”
“Garth’s our newest family member," she said. "He Awakened in record time. He’s shown such control.”
Missouri raised an eyebrow. “So do you.” She returned to her seat, heaving a great sigh as she sank into it. “Ellen? A refill would be wonderful, dear.”
Cas lay on his side, his body curled towards Dean. The trench coat was twisted around his waist and his tie was loosely wrapped around his neck. Dean fixed it as he checked for injuries. Cas wasn't hurt. He was, by all appearances, sleeping.
Making direct eye contact with Sam and Dean in turn, the King said, “I don’t know. I may have had a rocky start, but my analysts tell me I’ve done quite well with the people these last few years.”
That was enough for Castiel. He flicked his wrist, dropping his tri-edged blade into his hand. He handed it to Linda. She tested the weight of the weapon in her hand, watched the light shine off the wicked edge, and grinned.
“I want you to kill me, Cas.” Tears welled in Dean’s eyes. “This all could have been avoided if you had tossed me into the sun when I asked.”
Softly, sweetly, Dean kissed Castiel. It was a quick, chaste action but it sent shockwaves through Dean’s body. Dean hardly realized what he had done until it was over and he was left with Castiel watching him with round eyes, shining in the flickering light of the lanterns.
Dean’s vision wavered but he could see Castiel’s face, could see the lines of anger and frustration on his face but those eyes-- those blue, blue eyes Dean still managed to admire even on the edge of passing out-- betrayed his concern.
“Then we have an understanding. And, if you don’t do as you promise”-- Billie turns her gaze on Dean, cold, dangerous-- “I know your weakness.”
The Trans journeyed to the Capital after the War and immediately went to work. Linda and Kevin led the rebuilding effort and settled into their new home. Kevin became a prominent scholar. He wrote about the history of the Realm, drawing upon his experiences with the Metatron and the Long War. Linda Tran joined the king’s army, which had shifted its focus to peacekeeping and protection, and worked her way up the ranks almost as quickly as the previous record holder, Dean. Five years later, once Rufus finally convinced Robert Singer to officially retire, people called her Captain Tran. She liked that.
“Y’know how you smack the side of the old TVs and sometimes you can get it to focus? I kinda thought we could try something like that.”
Dean's fingers scraped against the wooden armrests. The words Dean wanted to say-- Dean wanted to shout-- faded away when he noticed Lenore watching him, her inhuman eyes shining in a very human way.
“You know,” the Metatron’s voice said, echoing all around Castiel, “for a while I thought it was your pride. It’s the classic flaw for a hero’s fall. But you’ve changed. Character development, you know. Now, I think you have a new one.”
"Still," Castiel continued, "it could be an intellectual exercise for you. Feel free to talk to me about the more absurd parts."
Castiel did not know Azazel’s plans. He did not know that Lawrence, a tiny village hardly worthy of note, was specifically chosen by Azazel. He did not know that the only reason Lawrence burned was that Mary Winchester walked into her youngest son’s nursery late at night and saw an unfamiliar man leaning over her son's crib. Mary Winchester witnessed something she should never have seen. A human woman, concerned for her son, was the reason Azazel’s Demonic nature was revealed.
“Evil plan?” Azazel turned around and Dean fought the urge to back away from his yellow-eyed stare. “Dean, it’s starting to sound like you don’t trust me.”
“Fascinating creations, bees,” Castiel said. “Their hard work is what allows these plants to grow. The workers are all female and--” Castiel stood, his knees creaking with the movement. “Forgive me. I’m rambling.”
As Dean came to rest, Castiel pulled his jeans back over Dean's hips, zipped them up, and hooked the button closed. Castiel gathered Dean in his arms and brought them both to the centre of the bed, where they could lay side by side.
“They’re not?” The creases at the corners of the Metatron’s grin were dark and wicked. “It is rather convenient that you found those women right away, don’t you think?”
Castiel stood at the tower's base and crossed his arms. This trick had lost its effect on him a few centuries ago.
The horses whinnied and Dean remembered he was not here to stare. Not that he was staring, he reasoned as he went back to work, he was just checking on his friend. Dean’s perception of his feelings could be a bit skewed.
While he had noticed Dean’s distraction over the last few weeks, Castiel did not know if he should acknowledge it. He did not know if it was his place to do so. He chose not to, as Dean continued to produce the same high quality work as always. However, when Dean raised his head, his tired eyes and lacklustre smile made Castiel second guess that decision.
Castiel opened his eyes. There was nothing to see but the forest. The voice came from every direction-- echoed off every tree-- as each unseen hellhound spoke at once.
Dean remained out on the archery range, failing to hit anything but the treeline. Everyone else had long since packed up for the day but Dean refused to stop until at least one of those cursed arrows did what he told it. He dropped his training bow and walked into the trees to collect his arrows, one of which he lost and could not hope to find in the low light.
“Sparky here seems happy to see me,” Dean says. “Since when are angels happy to see me? Or any of us, really?”
“I got my old job back.” Jessica shrugged. “I’m willing to try again, if the mighty scholar and healer Sam Winchester doesn’t mind being seen with a lowly maid.”
Ash directed the healers. With Kevin among them, they went through their tasks, grave and serious. They took inventory. They unpacked and repacked their supplies, making sure the medicine would survive travel. They distributed the packs according to weight. Then, once they were done, they deliberated with each other, unpacked the supplies, and started all over again.
Dean was grateful for how dark it was in the hallway because his cheeks burned as hot as the fire in Castiel’s room. “It’s-- It’s nothing. You’re the one who taught me.”
Dean was far too confused to process the amount of hate thrown at him from a woman he has never met. Dean needed water. Dean needed to figure out if the itch on his shoulder was a bad sign. Dean needed to figure out where he ended up.
Castiel turned towards Dean, his eyes searching his face. Dean did not look up. The portal, waiting a few feet away, crackled. They were too preoccupied to notice.
Earlier, using only his mind, Sam launched a book at another initiate after thinking she needed to shut up. He hurt her-- a small bruise but it was still harm-- with a half-formed thought.
For hours, for minutes, for seconds, Sam and Dean allow Cas to lead them into the darkness, neither hesitating. Dean can’t tell how far they’ve come. The Empty is all around them, its cloying blackness unchanging. Cas, however, never pauses in his forward march. Sam and Dean hurry after him.
When filming was wrapping up for the day, Cas tried to catch Dean’s eye. He’d internally battled himself over what to do, but when push came to shove… he might not get another chance. Ashton was a decent boss, but he made it clear he didn’t take kindly to time-off requests, and if Cas couldn’t go to Dean’s… that hallway would have to do.
Jask moaned and arched off the bed, his fingers curling against Ares’ skin. “Wait, wait… like for real this time, or are you gonna make me keep my clothes on again? I’m unashamedly down either way, but…”
“Yes, of course...” Cas cupped his chin. “Thank you.” He pressed their lips together and then walked over to the couch as Dean fixed his coffee and took a sip.
“Don’t mean to brag, but I’m pretty awesome with a grill.” He turned to walk over and pull the food out, cutting it up and pulling out a plastic fork for Cas. “Don’t have plates, so we gotta share, but tell me what you think.” He set the container in front of Cas, and how the steak still looked so juicy was beyond him. Even the potatoes looked fresh.
While he waited, Cas snuck another look at Dean, who was starting at him with an unreadable expression. Before Cas could give any thought to what it meant, his phone buzzed again.
He was still standing there when Dean walked up behind him, wrapping one arm around his torso to palm over his incredibly noticeable bulge. “Mmm, you like it?”
“Stay still for me, Ares. I only have so many hands,” Cas growled, intentionally dropping his voice even lower than it normally was. He made eye contact as he sucked his middle finger into his mouth, swirling his tongue around it and then pulled it back out, dripping wet. “Spread,” he commanded.
Castiel waited for the sun to reach the sky before he returned to the castle. Almost everyone he passed was subdued, yawning wide as they went about their tasks and wincing at loud noises. He received a few greetings as he went by. Castiel did his best to return them, hoping he did not appear too dour.
The sky ripped. Strands of sky and cloud fluttered in the air, revealing a sphere of bright, shining, pure white light.
“Ugh. No. No, no, no.” Meg straightened her back and faced Castiel, both hands held up and splayed wide. “We never did this before and we ain’t doing it now. No matter how much you give me that sad puppy dog look.”
Wiggling his hips before he pulled his trousers up, Dean looked over his shoulder and winked. "Like the view?"
Dean joined Meg at the railing, standing as far from her as possible. Meg heaved a sigh, slightly exaggerated, and straightened her slouch enough for Dean to see the corner of her eye.
When Dean opened his eyes, they were dark and drowning in desire. Castiel drank in the sight of His Dean, full of need and close— so close— to being ready.
There was no life in this new place. The wind pushed back Castiel’s hair and coat but the trees remained still. The sign flickered but never went out. No matter how long Castiel waited, no cars passed on the road.
Castiel intended to do his work, he really had, but the bed was so much more inviting. It had been days since he rested, weeks since he had sat for more than a meeting, and even longer since he slept. A crushing wave of fatigue threatened to topple Castiel to the floor. Before it could, he climbed into bed and allowed himself to drift away under their soft, comforting weight.
Dean rolled his eyes then busied himself with his meal. Sam and Charlie exchanged tentative smiles, both of them bursting with the need to say something and the knowledge that they should not. They returned to their meals.
“I suggest you let Dean go-- safely and securely on the ground. If you do, I might consider giving you a headstart before I run you through.”
Castiel sighed and stood. Captain Singer did not miss the way Castiel held onto his side as he moved.
Jessica backed away and returned to Sam’s side. The couple tried to convince Dean to join them in the crowd. After a few shrugs and gestures toward Aaron, Sam and Jessica gave up, raising their drinks to Dean before they returned to the dancefloor. They stayed on the outskirts of the dancers as they finished their drinks. Once the band started up a fast-paced song, people plucked the empty glasses from their hands, and pushed Sam and Jessica back into the middle of the celebration. They were eager to join.
A few moments later, Cas was in Dean’s bed, wearing a soft t-shirt and sweatpants, holding a sick, sniffly, sweaty Dean in his arms. Dean snuggled up to Cas, not bothering to pretend he didn’t want to, and buried his face in Cas’s chest. There, Dean listened to the strong beat of Cas's new human heart
Castiel spun around, leading with his sword, searching the empty throne room for a sign, a disturbance, any indication of the Metatron’s plans.
Sam believed it would work. He was adamant about it, in fact. Castiel was not so sure. While he was certain the connection was true on his end, he had no way of knowing if it were the same for Dean. As long as there was a hint of the man, of the person, of the soul Castiel loved behind Dean’s eyes, Castiel would have to try.
Dean drew a circle around the letters he made. He did that. He made them. There were only three letters but, to Dean, they were so much more. Dean sat back, eyes still glued to the table.
“I appreciate the offer but it’s best that I don’t,” Castiel said. In response to Sam’s lowered brow, Castiel elaborated, “I tend to attract too much attention.” His words held no vanity. Just fact.
“You’ve been reading,” Castiel said, pride in his voice. He nodded toward the book. “Tell me: what did you find?”
Thankfully their packs were where they left them, undisturbed at the base of a tree. Dean walked Castiel through the process of patching up the wound. Castiel hated every second of it, hated every time Dean winced, hated every time he grimaced in pain, because Castiel could take away his pain. Each time Castiel offered his healing, Dean gave an increasingly angry “no.”
“And you…” Sam placed his elbows on his knees and rested his chin in his hands. “You look the same, actually.”
The contact draws a deep groan out of Cas. He teases Dean’s bottom lip with his teeth and deeps the kiss. There’s no more space between them. They’re as close as they can get with their clothes on. They hold each other, cling to each other, try to occupy the same space because neither knows when they will have another chance to do this. Both of them want this to last.
At that point in time, Sam was not one of those people close to Castiel. At that point in time, Sam had no idea what the still silence that followed his words meant. At that point in time, he did not understand why Castiel turned away from him to gather up the rest of his books with excessive care.
This time, Dean laughed. He could not stop it. Everything, absolutely everything, came crashing over Dean all at once. It was not true. It could not be true. He spent his whole life wanting to see his father again but he could not accept that he finally found him in Hell.
There's that saying about having to set something one loves free. Dean has to believe Cas will return. Then, he can be Dean's forever.
The grass beneath Dean’s was far greener than he had ever seen. The flowers-- in saturated colours-- grew together in harmony despite their unique needs. The trees, plants, and bushes hailed both from places Dean knew and would never see. The sunlight came from everywhere and nowhere, casting the whole place in a welcoming golden glow. Dean inhaled deeply, catching the sweet scent of the flowers and the freshness of the perpetual spring breeze.
He had not meant to speak it aloud but it was hard to think with the way Dean watched him. It was hard to think beyond the glow of Dean’s eyes and the glory of his soul.
They clinked their glasses together and knocked back the liquid. Benny gave Castiel one of his most toothsome smiles, then put his glass away. He grabbed three new mugs, filled them with his cheapest beer, and set them before the stools next to Castiel.
Charlie nodded and the group lapsed back into silence. All three focused on the fireplace, hardly seeing the flames. With the group so quiet, they should have heard the sound of approaching footsteps. They should have perceived the door opening. Sitting with their back to the door, lost in their thoughts, they did not notice Dean’s entrance into Castiel’s room.
The male vampire assessed Castiel, the slightest hint of concern on his ageless brow. "You aren't like the rest of your group."
Instead of reprimanding him, as knights like Walker would have, Castiel pressed his lips together and decided to use another method. He stepped in behind Dean and gently, yet firmly, pressed his hands against Dean’s shoulders. Castiel noticed the tension there, but he attributed it to physical exertion and embarrassment.
He started at his left temple, cutting a swipe from there to the back of his ear. Dark clumps of hair fell onto the porcelain sink. Castiel stared at the pale skin once hidden beneath his hair, then decided to do the same to the right side of his head. He cleared away any errant hairs from the side of his head, taking off a little more each time, ending up with only a single strip of hair left in the middle of his head.
“Okay,” Dean said. “You know, I’m pretty sure this is the longest you’ve ever talked about yourself since I met you. To think I’ve been telling you all about my boring life.”
Dean held his hands behind his back and walked up and down the rows of his students, stopping every so often to peer into a trainee's face. He let them sweat then moved on. He returned to the front of the group. For a long, silent, moment Dean stared them down, a severe expression on his face.
The single word caused the Host to raise their voices. They twittered like birds. Their wings trembled.
The doors of the warehouse caved in when Castiel flew away. He watched from above when Sam and Bobby burst into the room, guns in hands. Those humans were always pointing a gun at their problems. It would have never worked on Castiel but he admired their tenacity. Yet another reason to love them.
Guilt gnawed at Dean. He had no idea-- no idea-- that Castiel had other plans when they went to rescue Sam. Dean spent all that time with him but never suspected a thing. Every conversation they had flashed through Dean’s mind: every time Castiel stumbled over his words, every time Castiel smiled sadly at Dean talking about the future. Dean should have known.
From only a few steps away, Castiel could see the shine in Dean's eye,. It was the last shred of boyish hope that his father was still out there, still able to return to him.
"Are we gonna keep going in circles, here?" Dean made no effort to back away from Castiel's closeness. "You're Cas. It doesn't matter what else you are."
“I can see that,” Castiel said. He pulled at the ropes but they held tight. For now. “Wasn’t I hunting a pack of werewolves?”
“Some once called me Eve.” She lay a hand on Castiel’s test, keeping him from pitching forward. “You gave me too much of your strength.”
Cas stroked his chin, his stubble rasping against his fingers, as he stared down at the packets. He deliberated for so long Dean’s arms got tired. Finally, Cas plucked the middle packet out of Dean’s hand.
"A part of me wants to check on it, to see how Jack rebuilt it. I'm sure he has. I'm sure it's wonderful," Cas said. "But I don't have to do that right away."
Dean would have preferred a nicer tomb. He swung his sword, catching the nearest foe on the arm. Dean smirked at the angered hiss. Nobody was taking him down without a fight. The injured vampire reached Dean first, sharp fingernails digging into the flesh of his left arm. Dean slammed the vampire against the wall behind him and, in the same movement, slashed his sword clean through the vampire’s neck. One head rolled across the ground. Good. People would know Dean did not go down easily.
But he could not. Castiel could not say it. He could not reveal his secret. He could not burden Dean with the truth because then everything between them would change.
"That you deserve to be saved." Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel’s body, one hand splayed across Castiel’s chest and the other on his stomach. "That I love you, too."
On his way out of the mall, Castiel passed by a tattoo parlour with a neon sign, the scent of antiseptic cleaners wafting out the door. He stopped in front of it, squinting at the artwork in the display window.
"Come on, Dean. Even you have to know something about him," Sam said, his eye roll well-practiced due to growing up with a brother like Dean.
“You okay, Cas?” Dean asked. “It’s kinda hard to see through all that hair but you look a little flushed.”
Autumn. Dean left a season ago and there had not been any word. While Dean had been on long missions before, this was the first time Sam received no correspondence. Due to the secretive nature of the mission, Dean decided it was best not to send messages. Sam agreed. He did not expect the silence to be so difficult.
“The Leviathan. However, I haven’t been able to find any other reference to her. Not during my travels. Not in the castle library. Not in Metatron’s prophecy.”
For the first time since their arrival, Anael sat up. She fixed her gaze on the box and raised her eyebrows, impatient to see what was inside. Balthazar smirked and, after an anticipatory pause, opened the box.
Biting his bottom lip to keep it from wobbling, Dean, in a tone meant to be teasing but ended up broken, asked, "Where'd you learn to talk like that, buddy?"
"I see," the Captain said without a change in expression. "I will take that under advisement." He set the stack of papers aside and leaned forward, his long held stare hard. He took a deep breath and the blanket slipped down his shoulders as he released the tension in his body. His next words were friendly. "So, it seems you've made quite an impression on your students."
"Something my Ma always told me," Benny said. He caught Castiel's confused expression but continued, undeterred, "She said, 'You'll become an adult when you realize that you know nothing at all.' Course, I didn't believe her at the time. She was right. Usually was." He shook the glass at Castiel. "Come on."
The chasm yawned behind them. A loud boom vibrated the wall as a huge reinforced wall cut off the darkness behind them. Too tired to think about this certainly-not-miraculous action which saved them, the group leaned back against the wall, taking long and greedy gulps of much needed air.
The Long War raged on. The Creatures of the Night grew stronger, faster, and more intelligent with each passing year. Dean’s rapid climb to knighthood and leadership meant he spent his days making impossible decisions. He could send thirty soldiers to their deaths to save three hundred civilians or let three hundred civilians starve to keep his soldiers for yet another inevitable battle. Neither option was good, neither decision was bad, but, over the last five years, all those choices weighed Dean down.
Dean blinked and he was in Meg’s kitchen. Meg turned around, the bottle slipping from her hand when she saw her three new arrivals. Glass shattered at her feet.
“I--” Castiel's back hit the doors, rattling them. The horses whinnied at the disruptive noise. “Please forgive me.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes, his head tilted to the side as he watched Dean. "I believe I made my point."
A few more steps and Dean will be there. He raises his hands, winds them back like he’s about to throw.
Once he finishes, Cas faces Billie once again. He swings his sword, slamming it against the darkness below him. Pulsating rainbows ripple across the darkness at his feet until they reach Billie. There is a sound like shattering glass then Cas flicks his sword arm and the weapon disappears in a shower of sparks. Cas closes his fist and the rainbows fade into darkness.
The pen in Kevin’s hand finally slowed. He sought out Aaron. Aaron blinked a few times before he realized Kevin was actually looking at him. Directly.
“If I don’t heal this wound, it will spread across the land. It could go beyond the village,” Castiel said.
“It fares well.” Castiel prepared for this question a month ago. “The recruits are determined and work hard each day. I believe they will soon be a valuable asset to your army.”
He did not think he was smart enough to learn how to read. His brother made it look so easy, but whenever Dean tried the letters swam before his eyes and he would give up, frustrated. He convinced himself he could never learn.
It was too late for the Leviathan. Castiel found his opening. His power flowed from his core, lighting up his veins as it travelled from his body to the Levithan’s form. Dick’s jaw unhinged, his open mouth revealing rows upon rows of teeth. Light poured out from within.
Sunlight streamed through the gap in the curtains, cutting across Castiel's lap. His hands— the skin smooth and healed, just like the rest of his vessel— warmed under the light. Castiel stared at them and remembered the blood which once covered them. He still did not know all the things he had done. He doubted he would ever know it all.
Billie slashes her scythe. The wings push Dean and Sam back. Cas remains behind, sidestepping the attack.
One word, that’s all Dean needs to say. He fills that one syllable with all his longing, all his love. It has to be enough.
"Uh, Dean?" Sam stopped in the doorway, twisting the wire of his earbuds around his fingers. "Why are there a bunch of lamps in the library?"
The chain stopped. The resounding silence which followed was somehow louder. The top of the cage sat level with the cliff, as far as it could go due to the All Father's might. His banishment, decreed millennia ago, still held all its original power.
Three slow blinks later, Sam figured out what the comment meant. He flipped the book around to see the cover. The half-bird half-man glared at him, displeased at its use as a prop.
Dean heard nothing around him but the sound of his brother’s fading breaths. He felt nothing by the slow, weak beats of Sam’s heat. The only thing that made Dean look up was Castiel’s hand on his shoulder. Dean peeked out from over Sam’s shoulder and looked directly into the deep, deep blue of Castiel’s eyes.
"You see," Castiel said, his mouth set and eyes boring into Dean's soul, "if I were a Demon, you would be dead right now."
Charlie kept her shop well-organized, with her tools hanging on the wall over her workbench on one side of the room and her scrap metal, along with other materials, on the other. Paintings of suns, rainbows and flowers covered the stone walls. Sam remembered how Dean rolled his eyes when Charlie insisted the Winchesters help brighten up her shop. Sam remembered how he rolled his own eyes when Dean suggested a rainbow five seconds later.
“Yeah, I know what you didn’t plan.” They reached the top of the cliff. Dean stopped to allow Castiel to catch his breath. He stared at the ground, his hands shaking. “Why didn’t you tell me, man? Did you think no one would care? You make me promise to live then--”
When Dean pulled Cas into his arms, the hidden colours in Cas's feathers burst. It was like witnessing the birth of a galaxy. Dean and Cas's lips met and that galaxy was given a name.
The werewolf's claws dug into Dean's chest, pinning him down. Dean struggled against the weight of the beast, groping blindly for his shotgun with one hand and trying to reach the knife in his jacket with the other.
The fire of Dean's fourth year was a great tragedy, spoken about by the elders in hushed tones and wet eyes, but it brought the village of Lawrence closer together than any other. The Winchester brothers lost much in the attack by the demons-- their home, their mother, and, not long after, their father-- but they gained a community, a peaceful place to grow into men.
A metal door screeched open, and two voices floated towards Castiel, one beloved and familiar and one he hadn't heard in a long time.
Sam believed he fulfilled the deal’s conditions. He took care of the Devil. He made sure the terms of the deal could be interpreted a certain way and, based on the last time he saw Ruby, she likely was not keen on arguing against that.
The blast of green light hit Castiel right in his chest, just a few seconds before Sam's witch-killing bullet killed her. The spellwork tingled as it ran through his body and knocked him off his feet, but he sustained no injuries. The Winchesters were concerned, but Castiel assured them both he was angelic enough to withstand her spell.
Dean jumped off of the bed, his boots hitting the floor with a loud thump. “Obviously! That Demon took my damn brother! I gotta get him back.”
Castiel placed a hand on his sword. “He’s my friend. And if you ever knew anything about me at all-- if you ever cared for me-- you would know what that means. You would know I never shared your disdain for humanity.”
The light showed Castiel the way forward but, after trudging through the endless black emptiness, he had yet to see the end. Castiel kept moving, kept watching the darkness part as his sword lit the way, but nothing changed.
A loud howl came from Castiel’s left, a sound much too close for comfort. Dean scanned the forest clearing, his eyes wide as he searched for the source of the howl. Even though a full day had passed, they never stopped to make camp, too busy feeling the hot breath of unseen dogs at their feet. Castiel could see the toll fatigue took on Dean’s body but there was nothing that could be done. The hounds were closing in.
“Sure did!” Jessica’s teasing laugh chimed like a bell. “For what it’s worth, I think you should ask him.”
There were no instructions for Castiel, not that he expected any. Walker spent most of his time on the mission treating Castiel as a strange shaped piece of scenery. Everyone set out to complete their tasks. Castiel stayed behind in the dark farmhouse and searched for anything that could be used as kindling. They would need to burn the bodies.
The guards at Kevin’s door failed d to hide their surprise at the strange entourage approaching them. The Captain gave them an abridged explanation and, after a few short moments, Castiel entered Kevin’s room, alone.
“It’s a skill,” Castiel said. He closed the distance between him and Dean and picked up the discarded bow. “Why are you still here? I thought I heard all of you planning to drink tonight.”
“What?” Ellen glanced at Dean. When he nodded, she answered, “The harvest has been a little sparse lately. There’s a War, after all. And yeah, sometimes they taste off. How would you know that?”
“Nice try, Sammy, but I know all your tricks.” Dean crossed his arms and gave Sam a pointed stare. “I’m the one who taught you them.”
Digging into the bathroom cabinets, Castiel found Dean's electric hair trimmer. Castiel plugged it into the outlet and leaned over the counter, peering into the mirror. With a click of the power switch, the trimmer buzzed to life.
Not bad for a oneshot, eh? Thank you so much for your comments and kudos! They kept me going through my writing fueled weekend (and a couple days after).
Castiel did not answer Dean. He looked out over the city, looked beyond the people, looked through the gates, and felt a tug deep in the core of his being. His heart ached at the feeling, a feeling he had not experienced in many, many years.
“How are you here?” Captain Singer grabbed Garth’s shoulders, eyes shining as he watched Garth smile.
He continued. There was nobody in the training grounds, not that he expected anyone to be there so late, and he doubted Castiel had suddenly started hanging out with the blacksmiths. There was one more place Dean could look.
The Realm was much more colourful than Castiel remembered. He had seen the sun glitter off the waves of the sea before but he did not recall it being so bright. Leaves were green, he knew, but he never appreciated all the different shades in a single leaf, let alone across all the different types of trees. Everything was saturated with life and light in the Realm. Castiel could not help but be overwhelmed by it.
“Wow. Happy to see you, too,” Jessica said when they parted. She wrung her hands together. “How was your day?”
“I won’t hurt him. Or you. Never again.” Castiel held his hands out, palms open. “I will watch over you.”
Linda hummed, touching the blade hidden under her sleeve. “I wonder if there’s any need for fighters in the coming days.”
That task complete, Dean threw the soiled cloth to the floor beside the discarded cloak. He picked up the jar of yarrow and scooped out the poultice with his bare hands. Dean knew there had to be a better way to do that, but his overtaxed brain could not remember. He smeared a thick layer over Castiel’s skin, too much in truth, but Dean was not taking any chances. By the time he finished, the jar was empty.
They lapse into silence. Cas traces patterns into the countertop, not meeting Dean’s eyes. It’s kind of awkward. Dean never thought their reunion would be awkward.
The sunrise lit the horizon, turning the clouds a deep purple and the castle into a dark shape in the distance. Sam and Jessica’s first night as a couple had ended. Castiel wished them well.
The candlelight bathed Castiel in a soft glow. Dean watched the lights flicker over Castiel’s face, highlighting his red cheeks-- already dusted with light stubble, no wonder he was never clean shaven-- and the shine of the mug Castiel brought to his lips. When Castiel smiled, his lips moving as he spoke to Kurbrick, everything around Dean faded away.
Castiel could feel Dean’s heartbeat. He could feel the growing heat of Dean's body. He could feel Dean’s lips against the tip of his ear.
A man, with skin softened and creased by time, gave Dean a kind smile. The man wore no armour and carried no sword. Instead, he wore light, simple clothing covered in patches of dirt. He gave the impression of a grandfather out for an afternoon stroll, but Dean had no doubt the sole reason he could stand-- that he was not coming apart at the seams-- was because the old man’s crooked fingers remained on his shoulder.
“Whatever, dude. Same difference.” Dean clenched his jaw. He sat silent for a few moments before he spoke again. “It’s been a week and a half. I don’t know where Sam is.”
With a wave of her hands, Pamela, Garth, and Aaron were flung, hard, into clock tower’s steps. They groaned, unable to move and unable to catch their breath. Benny sprung into action. He stood in front of Sam, his weapon at the ready.
Afterward, Castiel joined Dean in bed pulling a clean blanket over their cooling bodies. Castiel opened his arms and Dean went to him eagerly, sighing in contentment when Castiel ran his hands up and down Dean’s spine.
When Dean reached the stables, he saw the flickering of a lantern underneath the doors. He heard the sound of horse hooves, soft whinnying, and Castiel’s voice.
"Listen to what, Cas? I tried, you know? I tried to fight it but--" He touched his arm, the red sleeve of his shirt hiding the Mark underneath. "This is it."
Castiel held Dean close and watched over him as he slept. Castiel was Dean's guardian, his angel, his love, his Castiel. Castiel was Dean's— inside and outside— for all of time and all of space.
The lines at the corner of Dean’s mouth betrayed Dean’s concern, a concern for Castiel. Castiel watched those lines grow deeper the longer Castiel did not reply. There was no need for Dean to worry about Castiel now, as his moment of weakness was over. However, when Castiel looked into Dean’s eyes, the light within them compelled Castiel to speak.
The guards on duty held back the growing crowd. Sam, with Pamela and Aaron by his side, was ushered through by the head guard. She filled the group in on the situation, though there was little to tell. The boy showed up that morning, screaming for help, and refused to leave until he spoke to the Winchesters.
Castiel could not see himself. He did, however, know of a secret in Andrea’s Tavern. That secret was, if one touched the shadows in the darkest corner of the second floor, one would gain access to the roof. Castiel made use of that knowledge. He perched near the edge of the roof, his back resting against the stone structure of the chimney-- unused as it was still summer in the Realm-- and gazed out over the Capital.
Castiel jerked back from Dean, blinking as if he had just woken up. He broke away from Dean, backing away far enough so they could not touch.
Dean pulled his hands back from Ellen and wiped at his eyes. Ellen took Dean’s empty glass and headed to the back to refill it. Using the time she was away to collect himself, Dean managed to look her in the eyes when she returned.
Their second kiss was even better than the first. Dean had no clue how that could be possible but it was true. There was nothing tentative about it now, both of them gasping, grasping at each other, needing more.
"Chrysanthemum. One must ask: which way should these be read?" Joshua stood and headed to another empty patch. "Let us find out."
“I told you that you were going to be okay,” Dean said. “And you will. It’s not even that bad. Your herbs will fix you up good. I’m not as good as you but I can--” Sam felt heavy in his arms. “Sam?” No reply. “Sammy?”
The Metatron forced Castiel to his feet, then marched him behind the Throne of God. Behind the Throne was the edge of Heaven. His wounds still bleeding, Castiel stood with his back to the endless expanse of blue sky and never backed down from the false God.
“You’ve never had apple cider?" Dean asked. "We would drink it all the time back home to keep warm.”
Dean’s offer of company was genuine but he did not expect Castiel to follow him to the stables. All recent recruits were expected to fulfill certain day-to-day tasks around the castle. The knights claimed it built character. The truth was that the crown had not hired enough stable hands and decided to use the recruits to fill that role. The recruits in Dean's year were lucky. Each person only had to muck out the stables once a week on a rotating basis. The year before, they had to dig latrines and clean the chamber pots, a daily task.
Sam grasped the top bar of the cage. The whispers filled his mind. The twin red lights swirled around and around as they ascended to the top of the cage. When the lights touched Sam’s fingers, the chasm flashed red.
Throwing the blanket aside, he swung his feet around and put them on the floor. The shock of cold against his naked skin made him hiss. He wanted to stand-- wanted to find something other to wear other than the oversized trousers around his waist-- but he felt dizzy and achy and tired.
Castiel dropped his hand and leaned heavily against the wall, feeling strangely cold. “I think I should rest.”
Castiel followed Dean but remained behind him, not daring to close in on the scorched land. He could feel the Demon’s influence, could smell the smoke in the air as if it were still burning, and knew exactly where he stood.
“So get this.” Sam removed the bottommost page from the stack. “Metatron plans to gather up all the monsters and attack every human settlement at once, then, when our army is spilt up and distracted trying to save them, every last Celestial will”-- Sam cleared his throat and read directly from the page-- “‘descended upon the unsuspecting Capital, moving into every home, every room, and finally, the castle. The Celestials marched down the hallway and...’”
“You really hate us that much?” Dean clutches Sparky in his hands, apologizing to it over and over in his head, and moves forward. The wings let him. “I mean, do you know why Cas is doing this?”
Dean rolled Cas onto his back and pushed him into the mattress. Bracing himself on his arms, Dean kissed his way down Cas’s jaw and neck. Cas sighed in contentment and tilted his head back, exposing more sensitive skin for Dean to explore.
“You’re offering me my job back.” At Cas’s nod, Billie scoffs. “Who’s to say I won’t try to take the seat of Heaven?”
Jask purses his lips. “Little twerp is scared of his own shadow. He’ll be fine now that I'm back, you'll see.”
Sonny must’ve still been asleep when Cas rose and got dressed, because he ignored back to back communications. Cas wasn’t surprised, the man was overworked as it was. They all were, but at least there were four bodyguards assigned to Dean which meant they could switch off despite him needing 24/7 protection. Sonny trusted no one else to help juggle them.
By Friday, Dean was beyond ready for this tryst. He and Pegasus never got around to sending those photos, and he didn’t know if that was better or worse for his patience. Regardless, he was drooling as he parked his dad’s old pick-up truck at the rendezvous spot. The truck stop was grimier than Dean had hoped for, but he came across it’s glory hole by accident a few months ago and the amount of fantasies he’d had about it were ridiculous. Thanks to that friggin app, he was living out those fantasies now.
He made his way back over and saw Havoc sleeping quietly on Dean’s lap. “Shh,” Dean whispered. “He’s all tuckered out.”
“Yeah he would. You think I gave a creep like that top shelf? Dumber than you look, Ash.” Dean deals, watching his facial expressions and decides to keep him distracted. “Why you hittin’ on my roomie, anyway?”
felt like a dirty little secret, and although he didn’t want to be one, it was still hot. He wanted to secretly fuck Dean all over that damn school and those thoughts alone had his eyes pink before he even entered the classroom for second period.
That earns him what looks like a genuine smile. “Did he? I was hired in his place, I only met him once. But, I have to say… I think your judgement is spot on.”
“You look great.” Dean touched his hair. “Any of these pet names stickin’ yet?” He practically called Cas something new every date.
There wasn’t a second’s hesitation in his answer. “Cause I never earned it. Or, if I did… I stopped tryin’ to keep it. You said it yourself, April was better.She talked to you, communicated. Probably listened to you talk about the shit you care about with more than a passing interest. She made the effort. And you deserve effort, Cas. You’re the best human being I’ve ever met, and I’m… me. I’m selfish and crass and impatient. I take shit for granted all the damn time. And that included you.”
“Damnit, Dean.” He smacked his calf and pushed himself back up onto the couch, then tried to focus on the tv. “Look, we missed all the good stuff… why is that lady getting arrested?”
“Always,” Jask said with a sleepy grin. “Fuck, I’d kiss you for this if I was allowed. So… just pretend I’m caging you against the counter and kissing you in thanks, kay?” He sat down and picked up his fork to start eating. “Mmm. You really are a god.”
He steps forward and reaches the blue-eyed omega in two strides, shoving him over the picnic table with another growl and clawing at his pants until they shred and fall off completely. “Mine!”
Cas grinned from ear to ear and laid down happily, loving how Dean’s arms felt. “Sebastian is still very ornery, but I think they got over their spat. Cain thinks it’s hilarious that I’m convinced they are a gay couple, but he finally agreed after we noticed they always flew together. Well, except last week. I wonder what Leroy did to piss him off.”
“I see,” Cas nodded, realizing he likely wouldn’t be getting lunch at all. None of this surprised him - it had only been a matter of time before the tension between them snapped, he’d simply hoped it would snap in another way. He focused his eyes on Dean, minutely altering the rhythm of his own breathing in hopes that Dean would follow. “And which one of them is responsible for the cut on your cheek?”
They posed like innocent assholes, and Lisa pushed the drinks towards them with a smile. “I better not regret this.”
The pictures showed a tall, stone structure surrounded by gorgeous scenery and a small lake about a hundred yards from the entrance. The door itself looked like a gateway to a dark fairy tale - flanked by stone gargoyles with an old-fashioned sign reading ‘Private.’
“I don’t mind. You can use anything you want here, Cas.” Dean’s pointer finger flicked at Cas’ hand, as if he wanted to hold it but was too nervous to ask permission. Butterflies set themselves free in Cas’ stomach, and as much as he wanted to remain strong, he couldn’t stop his hand from turning palm-up in invitation. His fingers slid in between Cas’, and the grin Dean had could be seen from his peripheral.
“Fuck. I’m so hard. If you would have kept going, I would have came untouched.” Ares grabbed jeans and struggled to zip them up around his throbbing length.
Dean grinned at how beautiful his cock was and got comfy. The concrete ground wasn’t great, but based on how much P was leaking, he wouldn’t be down there very long. He sucked at the tip, moaning at the flavor, before sliding him further into his mouth.
Cas blinked at him, stuffing down the swell of irritation in his chest. It was hard enough to have a life of his own outside of Dean, even just as his bodyguard and personal taxi, but adding in the roles his handlers filled...
“Hell yeah.” He slid his thick digit inside, smiling at Cas when he squirmed under him. “Goddammit, you’re so tight, sweetheart. Can’t wait to split you open.”
“Of course.” Ares looks more relaxed when he sits back in his chair. “Do you think you can find light for me again?”
He opened the door a crack to listen. In all their time at the cabin, Dean hadn’t touched the guitar — so hearing it along with his beautiful voice had Cas smiling and slipping inside the house. Havoc padded off towards the music, but Cas hovered, listening to Dean sing a song he was sure they’d heard on the radio. For someone who hadn’t played in months, Dean’s fingers were still making magic.
Baby Cas, wearing his new yellow onesie with a cartoon bee on his chest, proved to be the greatest attraction at the grocery store. Dean forgot that the first Tuesday of the month was the extra senior discount day. It seemed like everyone's grandmother and their cat came out to coo at Baby Cas. When Baby Cas pouted at all the unwanted attention, his chubby little cheeks were pretty tempting to pinch. Dean had to admit that.
“Did you think, maybe, just maybe, you could go a whole month without hurting yourself, charging off recklessly, or passing out?”
The door no longer squeaked when it opened. Sam finally oiled the hinges. Jessica stopped in the doorway, her apron streaked with dirt, and gasped. Sam turned around at the sound.
The war room became silent. Dean had not meant to speak aloud. The words forced themselves out of them before he could give it any thought. He did not take them back. The Captain looked across the table to the king. King Adam looked back. After a few moments of deliberation, the king nodded.
Cas, fully restored to his angelic glory, watched over the Earth and Heaven, helping Jack maintain a peaceful world. No matter how many times he left, no matter how often he had to work, Cas always returned to Dean.
Dean can't bring himself to answer those questions. The hunters who spend the most time in the bunker learn not to speak about it around Dean. New arrivals are taught eventually but, every once in a while, a question sneaks through.
The smile on Jessica’s face when Sam found her by the supply closet lit up his whole day, even with her obvious nerves. With the final battle looming over everyone's heads, worry seeped into the most basic of tasks. Sam greeted Jessica with a kiss.
Stripped to his waist and kneeling on the sandy beach, Castiel wet a cloth in a small pool of water surrounded by rocks. He wiped his face and scrubbed his hair and chest, careful to avoid his wounds. Scratches covered his arms, the vampire bite on his neck stung, and the bruises on his back ached.
The next silence was less comfortable. Dean watched Castiel, watched the stars shine in his eyes, and tried to understand. While Dean may not understand everything behind Castiel’s words, he knew pain when he saw it. He straightened and tapped Castiel’s elbow, mindful of his injured shoulder. Castiel blinked and escaped whatever place he had been in his head.
Dean remained behind for another reading lesson, though Castiel was not convinced he had anything left to teach Dean. Dean proved to be a quick study when he put his mind to his task. Castiel sat across from Dean at his desk anyway.
Castiel remembered seeing houses burn. He remembered seeing the citizens run for their lives. He remembered the woman with steel in her eyes. That woman, Castiel reasoned, could not be someone Dean knew. Could she?
“Last chance.” Dean leaned in, his sword drawing a line against the werewolf’s skin. “Where. Is. The Angel.”
The Barnes family, who owned the land in the foothills, was an old, familiar name dating back centuries. Despite their many accomplishments and long standing rule, when people heard the name all they asked about was the family gift. Pamela would scoff at them, call it a curse, and remind people that the seer blood in their family had long since diluted out. The Barnes family had not borne a seer in almost a century. If Pamela could sometimes see into people-- as she had, a moment ago with Castiel-- that was her business and her business only.
He lets go of Cas and it hurts, it hurts so fucking much, but he does because it’s what Cas wants, what Cas has to do. Dean loves Cas. Therefore, Dean has to let Cas go.
"Need I remind you," Meg said as she grabbed a new bottle, "that we're mortal enemies because you're the reason I'm in this hellhole instead of, well, Hell."
On the drive back from their latest hunt— a simple salt and burn of a ghost— Dean noticed how Cas pressed his face against the window, his gaze fixed on the night sky. The stars twinkled in the clear, crisp, autumn night. A few miles from their motel, Dean pulled over on a long stretch of road.
“God?” It was Castiel's turn to laugh. “The All-Father hasn’t been seen in millennia. No. You are hearing the ravings of a power-mad fool.”
Behind closed doors and when one was certain of their company, young King Adam was known as the Bastard King. For almost a decade, Queen Kate and the late king had struggled to produce an heir. When the queen had finally fallen with child, there were many whispers among the nobility. The queen, a commoner by birth but a noble by her father’s deeds, had been hounded by rumours since the day she was married. When she died in Adam’s ninth year, she was found behind a tavern in the commons. The rumour was that she had gone to meet her lover and met her fate instead. The rumour was her lover was the disgraced knight-- no one would speak his name as he had long since been stricken from the record-- once appointed to the court.
“I’m going to find him,” Dean said, stomping down Lenore’s porch steps, “so I can tell him he is a fucking moron!”
Three days later, his mother died. Clutching his baby brother to his chest, Dean ran from his blazing home on his father's orders. As the fire crackled before him— the taste of smoke bitter in his mouth and the heat scorching his cheeks— Dean looked up into the sky and found the star.
” The heads tried to click their tongues, but the sound of it was more of a gasping choke. “But I needn’t have worried. You were busy getting cozy with the humans, weren’t you?”
Always good with his hands and a penchant for trouble, Dean knew how to pick a lock. He taught himself, in fact, the day he and Victor hid from an angry Kurbrick in the nearest barn. It was not their fault Kurbrick’s apple tree had the sweetest apples around. The apples fell off themselves, in fact, right on to the land. Kubrick's land.
The lighting wasn’t stark white, but soft yellow. There were no beeping machines. The voice, however, the low calming voice was the same.
“Clarence might not hold a grudge. But I do.” She raised her head, exposing her neck. “If you are here to kill me, well, I’d let you this time. Just let me finish this drink first.”
Sam's face took a journey through about seventeen stages of surprise until he settled on a soft, understanding expression. "Yeah. I'll call her. But I think I'll drive up myself. I haven't been out in a while."
have this— and it was worth keeping, was worth protecting, was worth saying aloud even if it was difficult. Cas was worth it.
Castiel only knew that his simple raid, one intended to scare the humans and little more, had uncovered the lies and corruption behind the one who sat on the Throne of God.
To avoid eye contact, Dean sipped his water. Of course, that told Ellen everything she needed to know.
Sitting in its throne, still wearing Meg’s face, the Empty slaps its hands together one last time. It raises its eyebrow and offers a smug smile.
That was Lenore's very first piece of advice so, of course, that was where Castiel needed to go. He did not rush headlong into danger. He bided his time, followed the trail, and tested his theories before he dived headfirst into danger. Completely different.
“There’s more,” Castiel said. As he spoke, a line of Creatures marched into view, Creatures for which humans had no name. Castiel knew them. “I’ll hold them off. I’ll hold them all off.”
tell me how to run my army? The Winchester kid wants leave? Fine. He gets thirty days like the rest. And he can ask himself.”
"You are either some kind of hallucination pulled from my memories or a shapeshifting demon sent to dissuade me from my path." Castiel shook his head. "It doesn't matter. What matters is that you're in my way."
The depths returned to blackness and John did not fall. He was past the point of no return but, somehow, impossibly, he righted himself.
He grabbed the gun and, through the swirl of chart papers and shining, sharp medical equipment around his head, aimed the gun at the floating figure. Dean fired.
“You saved my life. I realize that now. You saved Sam.” Dean shrugged. “I mean, I was a little freaked out at first, but I can’t deny that.”
“Hey, I’m only here to make sure these kids stay alive,” Benny drawled, his back pressed up against the archway.
“You think so? You know, I always wondered if I could’ve been a bard.” Even with Dean speaking, he and Castiel never lost rhythm.
“No,” Dean said, “but that shouldn’t stop you. I’m only gonna say this once-- and I’m gonna deny it if you ever bring it up-- so you better listen now. You’re all grown up now. You can make your own decisions.”
The Captain gave Castiel a careful glance, his jaw clenched. “I suppose you would.” He walked away from the door, his back straight as a lance. “Guess it’s time we start the meat grinder.”
Castiel shook his head. Impossibly fast, impossibly silent, Castiel drew his sword and lunged at Dean. The point of his blade rested against Dean's throat.
“Humans. They nurture and protect. They take care of each other. Of course, not all humans act that way. That’s the price of free will. However, I find that preferable to the way Celestial--” Castiel shook his head. “Never mind. My point is that this Ellen you speak of, and all those others you mentioned, helped you and your brother so you two can, in turn, help someone else. I suspect this emphatic sense is what makes humanity so resilient.”
The words earned Dean an eye roll but Castiel took the offered hand. Their fingers curled around each other. Dean squeezed Castiel's hand and, when he squeezed back, Dean realized he was not the only one who needed reassurance. At Castiel's nod, he and Dean stepped forward as one and passed through the portal.
Dean still had nightmares. Visions of fire and blood jolted him out of a deep sleep late one night. Heart pounding, Dean rolled out of bed. Shrugging into his robe, Dean stepped into his slippers and walked into the hallway. He intended to make coffee— he figured by the time it was done it'd be close enough to morning— but a bright bloom of white light at the end of the hall caught his attention. It looked very X-Files.
The fact that Castiel was hardly awake did not stop Dean from launching into his speech. Castiel rubbed his eyes and sat up in the single bed, pushed into one corner of the room, and surveyed the area. His head tilted back and forth like a baby bird.
“If it’s true then all of this-- the stronger Creatures, the lack of opposition from the Demons-- is my fault. All this time I’ve been trying to help the Realm. If what Metatron said is true, then I’m the reason they’re dying.”
“He’s been calling for us. All of us. Haven’t you noticed how empty this place is? I need to join them but I can’t!” The vampire’s fangs descended. “And it’s your fault!”
With careful hands, Dean treated Castiel's wound. He was mindful of Castiel bruises and his face showed great concentration when he redressed the wound. He bid Castiel rest after he finished. Castiel gave no argument and lay back on the bed. Dean settled into Sam’s bed on the other side of the room.
"You know, it's like those commercials with the birds covered in oil," Dean said. "They just need a good clean."
“I’m that obvious, huh?” Dean snorted at Ellen’s incredulous look. He shrugged. “It doesn’t matter. I’m not gonna do anything about it.”
Garth’s small stature made Castiel wonder if he could even hold up a sword. He looked as if a stiff breeze could knock him over. Was the crown accepting children now? Garth’s smile never wavered as he waited for an answer and Castiel realized he was not going to move until he received one.
Purgatory’s river did not flow. It did not babble like a brook. It did not wet the dry dirt on the banks into mud. Castiel followed the river. A slight slope downward, one barely perceptible to the untrained eye, led him to the edge of Purgatory.
Garth, lucky as always, handled the bow in the weirdest possible way and managed to hit the bullseye every single time. His fellow classmates started in open-mouthed disbelief at his success. Castiel, after trying and failing to make him properly use the bow, shrugged and figured if it worked, no matter how unorthodox the method, it worked.
Castiel looked up. Dean was not smiling but he was not angry either. He looked sad. He looked tired.
There's some bottom Dean at the start of this chapter. It goes until the scene break, in case you need to know. :)
He had so many things he wanted to say. He had made so many plans. He had so many scenarios in his mind for how this moment would play out. None of them--none of them-- involved Castiel looking at him so calmly, so softly, so concerned.
“You ever run into a vampire-- she turned around forty-- with brown hair, green eyes? Name’s Andrea.”
Dean clenched his jaw, believing Castiel to be yet another so-called adult who thought Dean was too young to make this decision. Dean wondered how many of those “adults” watched their mothers burn, had been abandoned by their father, and had to raise their brother as if he were a child of their own. If the life of an adult was measured in experience, as he was so often told, then Dean was more of an adult than most.
The light filled the room, blotting out Castiel’s vision and making Linda wince. Once the room returned to its original whiteness, the woman standing before Castiel was not a recreation of Mary Winchester, but someone else.
With those words, Dean stood on the floor, wearing his armour and sword once again. He checked his hands and feet. They were whole, as if they had never been damaged. The bare stone walls and floor were clean, not a single drop of blood marring the surface. Dean stared at his saviour, stared at his greying beard and dark eyes, and could not shake the uneasy feeling that he knew this person.
“You are kind to me,” Castiel said. “I don’t know if I deserve it, but I thank you all the same. In return, I promise to reunite you with your brother and return you both home.”
The woman grinned. Her face twisted and stretched into a grotesque caricature of a human. Shadows crawled across her face.
Every move, every touch, every sound which passed Cas’s lips, increased Dean’s need, increased the pressure in Dean’s body, increased Dean’s--
Castiel nodded, stepped forward, and held out his hand with his palm up. Meg paused to search his face but Castiel did not waver. When she sliced into his flesh, Castiel did not make a sound. Dean winced for him.
Castiel pursed his lips and leaned back in his chair. Everything Meg had said up until that final word failed to make him lose his composure. Now that she had finally done it, she took a long drink before she looked at him again. She did not hide her face fast enough. Dean saw that flash behind her eyes, even if he did not understand everything it held.
Inkblots stained the armrests of the Throne, black marks upon the perfection of Creation. Crumpled up papers littered the floor, each one covered in smudged ink and angry scribbles. Another ball went flying. It bounced off the floor-- the clear surface revealing the rolling clouds underneath-- and rolled, landing at Castiel’s feet. Castiel flattened it with his boot.
“Metatron told me that everything I’ve done has been his plan. I thought I was defying fate but now I wonder.”
They sat at the bar for ages, exchanging stories and information about their lives. Cas recited the tale of how Dean saved him from the Empty, of the first time Dean said he loved Cas. There wasn’t a dry eye between the three of them after that. None of them could speak.
The grey landscape, manufactured by artificial hands, and the dying plants which dotted the silent road, their thin branches about to break, were a fair indication that Castiel was not standing on the lakefront anymore.
Dean waited for the conclusion to that sentence, but it never came. Castiel stared into the middle distance, an unreadable expression on his face. Dean could not guess what he was thinking.
“Well, he didn’t write about today. He actually wrote, uh, that Kevin-- or him as Kevin-- knocked Cas out flat. Cas isn’t even mentioned again until pages later.”
"Well," Dean patted the empty space beside him, "c'mere and let me get all my gross germs on you and I'll show you."
“Dean, sweetheart, you can relax. I’m not gonna do anything.” Charlie rolled on her side to face Dean. “You’re not really my type, remember?”
“Second chance, huh?” Dean’s remark was quiet and thoughtful. His hand drifted into his pocket, his fingers running over smooth metal. He took it out and held the ring out to Sam. “Here.”
Dean carried his freshly filled mug to the table, his fifth coffee of the day. It was good for him. It made his heart fast.
Nothing in the room helped Sam. He settled back onto his stone slab. The wound on his head stopped bleeding but the scab Sam felt against his fingers suggested that he needed herbs. Not that he could find some. There was nothing in the room. There was nothing but yellow haze, stone, and John.
Victor pursed his lips, watching Castiel for another moment before returning his attention to Dean. “I bet you could use a good drink. I’m still on guard duty but I could point you to one very good tavern.”
Captain Singer’s voice was just as soft. “The knights on the field sent word this morning. The enemies’ numbers are higher than predicted. They are in danger of being overrun by the zombies. But if they retreat, we lose our stronghold in the mountains.”
Castiel attempted a smile— at least he attempted to curve what he could feel of his lips upward— and said, "I really fucked up, didn't I?"
Cas ran his hands down the vehicle's waxed front bumper, bushing away the leaves that had fallen on it while it was parked.
Dean’s not sure what that means, but apparently Billie does. She sets her scythe upon the darkness and twists her wrist. No slithering shadows appear around it.
Sam's eyes widen as he considers the question. Dean knows that kid, knows everything about him. It's clear that Sam doesn’t have a clue.
"I did not spend the last week burning many"-- he paused, searching for the correct idiom-- "balconies so you could sit here and wallow in your drink."
Castiel pulled Dean into his arms. Dean sagged against Castiel, muttering apologies over and over again into his chest. Castiel held onto Dean because that was all he could do. Eventually, Dean quieted, his breaths slowed, and exhaustion weighed his body down. Castiel kept Dean from falling.
The bandages fell to the floor. Castiel touched Dean’s wound with the palm of his hand, cool and gentle.
After an eternity, Dean landed face down on a hard stone floor. He gasped, trying to catch his lost breath, and struggled to turn over. Once he managed to pull himself onto his knees, he noticed a man staring down at him. The man had milky white eyes and a smile that cut like a knife.
Ellen graced Dean with her familiar lopsided smile. “Well, take a seat at the bar, you two. There’s someone who wants to see you.”
Castiel faced the shelves. He touched the cold metal of an old dented helmet, the one the recruit Robert Singer wore in his first battle.
“Yeah. I’m gonna be honest with you, brother. I’ll get you to Purgatory. I’ll even help you find the chief. But I ain’t leaving ‘till I find her, monster or no.”
Dean nearly tripped over himself at the chance to finally do something, to have someone to serve. Hours ago, Ellen had retired to her room upstairs, with explicit instructions to find her if the establishment started filling up.
Either way, she turned her back on Castiel. In one swift, sure movement her head joined her lover's on the floor.
“I don’t know. It’s not like I haven’t wanted to. It’s just--” Dean took a deep breath, chewing his bottom lip as he considered his next words. “What if I don’t find him? What if--” Dean cut off and took another breath.
"I was wrong," Castiel said. He kept his voice soft, calm, even. "I thought you just needed time but I was wrong."
“Then perhaps you should have thought of that before doing this right in front of me.” Castiel glared at Balthazar, a challenge in his eyes. “You’ve fulfilled your mission. What happens next is none of your concern. So either kill me now or leave.”
“Clarence is a little jumpy, is all.” Meg poked at the mark then shrugged. “I think it bugged him more than me.”
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel’s smile was brighter than the sun in the cloudless sky. “I think you are correct.”
Dean sat beside Castiel, who silently offered him the bottle. Dean noticed it was already half gone when he grabbed it, its amber contents sloshing around inside as he brought it to his mouth. He took a swig and coughed half of it up. What he managed to swallow burned on the way down. His next sip went easier, and Dean learned to love the smooth, rich taste of expensive alcohol.
Dean squirmed under Lenore’s gaze. He tried to catch Benny’s eye for help, but he was suddenly very interested in a spot on the floor.
They worked together quietly, the only sounds were of the sloshing water when Dean scrubbed the dishes and the clink of ceramic as Cas dried and put them away. Cas knew where each dish went and exactly how Dean preferred to store his baking supplies. It was the little things like that, the small little details that showed how much Cas cared, that made Dean’s heart ache.
“The Metatron. He wants to write your story. I’m supposed to tell it. I don’t want to. But, when I refused he--” Kevin pressed the back of his hand against his mouth, suppressing a sob. “He took my mom.”
“Hello, boys.” Billie’s smile is dangerous. Unblinking, she looks from Dean to Sam. “Sam, do you remember what I said back when we first met?”
“You’ve been following my plot all this time, Castiel!” The Metatron came closer to Castiel. Close enough. “You will--”
Garth’s smile faltered the tiniest amount and tried to catch Dean’s attention, as he never meant to cause a scene. Dean, however, was not interested in speaking. He glared down at his desk, his eyes seeing nothing, with an expression on his face harder than steel.
Not even the fire made a sound in the wake of Captain Singer’s words. Castiel remained silent for a long moment.
At the very top of the tower stood a figure of bright light and electricity. The figure appeared humanoid, except for the wings. The wings spread out across the sky, glittering as if the stars themselves were caught in their void.
After three unsuccessful tries, Dean sparked a fire. He pumped his fist in quiet celebration before he stoked the small flame into a proper source of warmth and light. Once he successfully completed his task, he smiled at Castiel leaning against the cave wall and winked.
“You can?” Charlie reached behind her head, releasing the pin holding her hair up. Her long red hair cascaded over her shoulders. “That’s... very interesting.”
“Oh. I, uh, I--” Dean searched for a sarcastic remark but he could not find one over the lump in his throat.
The hellhound pushed closer to Castiel, spittle falling into his face as the Metatron said, softly, almost lovingly, “Be seeing you, Castiel.”
“What? What is--” Dean’s question was not directed to anyone. When the whispers grew louder, he stopped to hear the answer.
That was why, on that night of all nights, Dean gave up on sleep and rolled out of bed. That was why, on that night of all nights, Dean went on to the roof. That was why, on that night of all nights, Dean conversed with Castiel.
The moonlight beamed through the kitchen blinds, casting Dean's face in an abstract clash of silver light and shadow. It was art.
The breeze that whistled by did nothing to cool Dean's cheeks. He rubbed the back of his neck. "Yeah, uh, yeah. I like to think so."
“All my life,” Dean said to the dirt beneath his feet, “I’ve been the town’s charity case. Dad left us and we lived with Ellen. We were fed by the farmers. And I couldn’t pay them back. Not that they would expect it but--” Dean sighed. “So I came here because I figured I’d be able to better take care of Sam this way. And he’s happy here. I know he is. But that because of what you did and nothing that I--”
Handing both glasses to Sam, Jessica approached Dean and kissed him on the cheek. Dean accepted her hug as well. Jessica was not as strong as Sam but her touch was no less warm.
The woman with the dark hair glared at Castiel, then pressed her hand against the blonde woman’s stomach. It came away red and wet. “You promised you would say something.”
“No. He is. He came back from Pur--” Kevin grabbed his hair, disturbing the already frazzled mop. “That hasn’t happened yet.”
Task complete, Dean returned to Castiel and applied the lather with a brush. His tongue between his teeth, Dean kept his breaths even and his mind only on the actions he performed, not the person.
The soft click of someone changing gears made Dean gasp. He whipped his head around to see the driver’s seat. In it sat Cas, both hands on the wheel at ten and two. He eased off the brake and expertly guided Baby back onto the highway, using his signal and everything.
Door 1415 opened as Castiel approached. Sam hovered in the room behind it, throwing a cardigan on the bed like it carried a disease. He sighed and pulled the elastic out of his hair, scratching at his head until his hair stood on end.
The Empty never let Castiel sleep in peace. It hated him. It wanted him to suffer. It whispered to him in the darkness, reminding him of every one of his failures. With the number of failures throughout Castiel's long existence, the Empty could have tortured him for eternity.
Sam’s name had the intended effect. Dean dismissed his concerns, clearing them away with a shake of his head, and followed Azazel into the depths of Hell.
actually.” He towered over Sam, a yellow gleam in his eyes. “But this isn’t about me. It’s about you. It’s about a little firey incident a few years ago.”
At the island's edge, the river split in two, spilling into an unmoving grey pool that stretched further than the eye could see. Castiel lowered himself to his knees and leaned over the water. He could not see his reflection. He dipped his hands into the pool, cupping the water in between his palms and brought it to his face. The water dripped down his face and wet his beard.
"Chosen?" Pamela raised her eyebrows, her attention drifting towards Garth's desk beside her. "All of us? Really?"
Opening the door at the bottom of the stairs which cut off the tavern proper from the living quarters, Dean attempted to smile when he noticed Ellen watching him from behind the bar. He was not convincing. Ellen shook her head and retreated into the back room, returning with a full mug and a bowl of porridge. One raised eyebrow from Ellen and Dean took a seat at the bar, picked up a spoon, and ate.
“I went somewhere. Somewhere else. Somewhere I had the opportunity to speak to people in my past.” Castiel licked his lips. He still did not fully understand what happened. He was still unsure if any of it was real, but he did remember how Dean grabbed his wrist and asked him to stay. “I saw you.”
“Sounds handy.” Dean's eyes went wide. “Wait. Wait. Are you saying we could’ve done that all this time? That would have been useful years ago!”
He wondered if anyone would find his body. He wondered if Sam would care. He wondered if his dad would notice.
Benny took over keeping pressure on Castiel’s wound while Dean rummaged through Sam’s trunk at the foot of his bed. The kid was one of the messiest people Dean had ever met, but he kept his medicines meticulously organized and labelled. He grabbed the jar marked yarrow that said it would stop bleeding and a few clean cloth bandages. That would have to do. When he tried to stand up, Dean was hit with a feeling of vertigo. He gripped the edge of the trunk and forced his hands to stop shaking.
The All-Father could not abide anyone else enacting change upon his Creation. Many, many millennia ago, long before Castiel became the Celestial commander, long before humans learned of fire, the Mother of All disappeared and all the Creatures of the Night were subject to Heaven's will.
No. Castiel could not-- would not-- accept this ending. The Metatron did not deserve to win. Dean deserved to return home. Dean deserved to find peace. Dean deserved to
Pandemonium took hold of the city but none of it reached Ruby. Any alleyway she led Sam down was clear of Creatures; any path was unhampered by knights or civilians. Her steps were fast, focused, and full of purpose. Wherever she went, a bubble of calm followed her.
By the time the group made it up the stairs at Andrea's Tavern and settled Castiel into Dean’s bed, their brows shone with sweat. Aaron and Pamela looked as tired as Dean felt, their scratches and bruises taking their toll. Dean ordered them to return to the castle for treatment. They protested but left after Dean nudged them out the door. Dean wanted to tell Benny to do the same, but there was no way he would listen.
They must have been in the Empty for a long time. Baby's covered in fallen leaves, dirt, and water spots. Every single one of Dean's joints pop when he stretches his arms above his head. He rests a hand on Baby's hood to stay upright as he works out the kinks in his legs.
The words were delivered evenly and quietly but they left Castiel reeling, like he just been sucked into the middle of a vortex.
Benny crouched next to Castiel. Pamela, Garth, and Aaron jumped in front of Dean, Sam, and Castiel. The three defenders raised their swords. Ruby rolled her eyes.
He has nowhere to be so he spends the day inside the house he built for himself. He texts Sam a good morning. He gets one right back. Dean bets Sam sat by the phone for a while, fully aware of the date, wondering if he should say something first.
With a flick of His wrist, Castiel doused the flames. The smoke hissed, the arid scent filling the building. Calm and collected, Castiel walked forward. He knew Dean held a blade in his hand. He also knew it would not harm Him. For every step Castiel took forward, Dean stepped back.
Dean blushed, which was absurd because there was no reason for him to blush. Even when Castiel leaned back, his face mere inches away from Dean so he had a clear view of those annoyingly blue eyes, Dean would not admit he had a reason to blush.
“I thought the same thing. But then He showed me the truth. And I realized that I was the one chosen to stop you.”
On this particular night, however, the cloaked figure was not present. Sam walked down the steps to see a girl watching him.
Castiel allowed it-- needed it-- to happen. A dark shadow formed under the water, increasing in size with every ripple. Once all the Leviathan returned, they would become a single entity, the first Creature of the Night. Then, Castiel could cut off the head.
Dean keeps saying goodbye to Cas. They’ve done it so many times and Dean hates it. It gets worse every time. They never do it right.
The journey to the Capital on foot took three days, but Sam and Dean were up to the task. The road out of Lawrence was well worn and safe, an important part of the trade route. It was their first time outside their village for more than a day and, armed with knowledge and gifts from the villagers, Sam and Dean found it easy. It was the only time their journey would be easy.
The vampire hissed and launched himself at Castiel. Castiel did not move. He waited. The vampire, full force of fury behind his charge, came to a dead stop before he reached Castiel.
Sure, Dean’s thinking about Cas. He thinks about Cas all the time. He can multitask, however. He’s good at it. There are usually about twelve different thoughts skating through his brain at one time.
Every face turned to Castiel. It had not escaped their notice that Castiel remained silent through the whole exchange. He never spoke much in any meeting but, when he did, people listened.
Lantern held aloft, Dean picked his way through the starless night. The snow crunched underfoot as he searched the grounds. Winter had arrived in the Capital and the chill hanging in the air told Dean it was there to stay. Dean drew his cloak around his shoulders, glad he thought to grab it before he left the castle after his search for Castiel indoors proved fruitless.
Azazel stared down into the dark chasm, his eyes bright. “Can’t you hear him? He’s calling for you. He’s been waiting for you for a long, long time. Just give up. Give in. Say yes to him. Fulfill your destiny and save us all.”
Setting down his quill, the king stood from his desk at the Captain’s and Castiel’s entrance. King Adam wore fine clothing but they were old and darned many times over with gold thread. His crown was not on his head.
Lenore led him into the cabin. She sat on the bench beside Benny’s armchair, her hair concealing her face as she leaned forward to rest her elbows on her knees. Dean took the chair across from them, the carving on the armrest so worn Dean could not guess what the design once was.
Castiel kneeled at the base of the Throne. He kneeled before Dean. He kneeled in the pool of blood around him and stared out over the throne room.
No matter how many times Sam circled the room, he could find no exit. His hand slid across the stone walls as he tried again and again. The ache in his head grew worse the longer he stared into the yellow haze.
The warriors cheered and, with the Angel and the Knight leading the charge, the army marched out of the castle and into the Capital. At every corner, they were met with enthusiastic support from the citizens. Bolstered by the cheers, the army‘s pace did not slow, even as they marched into the dark. When they set up camp, spirits were high.
Sam stretched his arms over his head, attempting to ease the persistent ache in his back. It did not help. As he did every time he woke up, Sam patrolled the room, searching for an escape route. Usually, that action would prompt a comment or six from John about how Sam should give up hope. Today, however, John said nothing. In fact, John did not move-- not once-- from where he sat.
Looking across at his three students, Castiel admired how they complied all the evidence. His lessons were effective--not that he gave himself any credit-- and Castiel learned to trust the instincts of humans.
“Sounds like an ally we’ll want.” King Adam steepled his fingers. “Is there anyone else who could help us? Anyone we should add to the table?”
"Bright?" Dean rolled onto his back, lying across the bed until his feet dangled over the edge, and looked up at Cas.
Castiel raised a hand to his face, faltering when remembered he no longer had a beard to scratch. “I believe so.”
Winter’s on its way. He’s been warned about the cold and the wet heavy snow. Betty even buys Dean a parka, citing her worry that it will snow early. He’s looking forward to wearing it.
“That comment sounds like experience.” Dean wagged a finger. “Y’know, one of these days, I’m gonna learn more about your past.”
Castiel scanned the report. A passage caught his eye: 'They observed us. It was as if they wanted to see our strategies, stronghold, and battle prowess.' The report went on, claiming that the writer knew that sounded strange since he knew zombies were not capable of complex thought.
"No, I'm not." Castiel set the medicine aside and returned to his place at the edge of Dean's bed. "I don't want to give you medicine. I want to heal you."
And he knew Cas was capable of being dangerous. Dean saw that crater. He heard the werewolf's final moments. He also knew that he would not have survived that night if Cas hadn't come to his rescue.
Garth and Pamela chased after the two runaways under Castiel's orders. Castiel knew that they were more than equipped for the job but having them out of sight caused his heart rate to rise. Aaron knelt by the cages in the corner of the building, checking to make sure the prisoners inside had not been turned. Castiel, Walker, and Dean faced the bonded couple in the middle of the farmhouse. They were old, ancient in human terms, and powerful. Together, they evaded every trap the knights and mercenaries set for them and they did not plan to fall to one now.
Dean and his brother, Sam, grew up on the road. Their father dragged them along on his quest for vengeance, his all-consuming need to find the thing which killed his wife. As he sought out answers, he discovered the truth: the supernatural was real. He learned of demons, ghosts, and monsters. He studied how to fight them and taught his sons how to kill them. He raised his sons like warriors.
“Heaven’s using hellhounds now?” Castiel reached back with his free hand, touching Dean’s elbow. Castiel needed him to remain still.
“Okay, that should do it.” Sam checked behind him. When he saw Kevin rushing out of a tent with clean bandages, Sam waved him over. “Next one.”
Dean’s grip on Castiel loosened. He smoothed the bunched up shirt fabric with his fingers, giving him an excuse to look away from Castiel’s intense stare. Dean did not back up. Castiel made no move to break free from his place against the wall.
Dean tore himself free. Headless of the fact he was unarmed, the fact that Azazel was in his way, and the fact that Lucifer was rising, Dean ran to Sam. Sword in hand, Castiel readied to cut off Azazel’s advance but Azazel never moved.
There was the anger Castiel expected. He did not expect it to be directed in this way, laced with concern for Castiel’s well-being. Dean loomed over Castiel’s sitting form, his chin high and defiant, and Castiel looked up at him, confused.
Dean slammed the werewolf against the tree. Benny stood close by, his axe upon his shoulder, his face betraying little of his internal thoughts as he kept an eye on their surroundings. The werewolf coughed, exasperating the pain of his broken ribs, and glared at Dean with defiant, golden eyes.
“What’s a little backstabbing among family? Tell you what: you walk over to that cage over there, and I’ll leave those two… friends alone.”
Castiel pursed his lips and looked away. “I was going to leave,” he said, so softly Dean had to strain to hear him, “before you woke up. I was going to pursue the Demon. But when I walked out of your room, I realized that I--”
“Ain’t that the truth.” Dean clapped Victor on the back then pulled away to stand beside Castiel. “This is Cas. He’s my friend.”
As soon as Dean said the words, the expression on Castiel’s face changed. “Oh. So that’s what it is.”
"Okay," Sam said after he schooled his face into a neutral expression, "then why the sudden interest?"
"You're cold." Cas slid off the car hood, letting go of Dean’s hand. Both feet on the ground, Cas regarded Dean with wide, gentle eyes. "We should return to the room."
Castiel stared into the pool, the clear waters showing his reflection. His beard was coarse and coiled. His hair stood from his head in long, wild strands, the ends jagged from being cut with a knife, and tiny flecks of grey showed near his temples. He ran a finger over the grey hair, marvelling at the new mark of mortality.
“Don’t. I shouldn’t cover for you. I should be dragging you back to your brother.” Ash blew out the candle on the supply table and settled into his bedroll. “Don’t make me regret this.”
Dean wasn't used to doubting his father. Not for the first time, Dean wished Sam was with him. Though they haven't spoken in years, Dean made that same wish every day— often more than once.
“Could you imagine the uproar if they all saw their heroic Angel like this?” Benny concluded. “He’d probably kick our asses for even thinkin’ about it.”
"Well, I didn't tell the whole truth and I know sometimes that is necessary for hunts, like you taught me, but…" Cas looked up. "I don't like doing that to you."
Dean swallowed. His skin prickled, his hair stood on end, and his heart beat faster with each passing moment. The feeling would not go away until he was out there fighting for his life and family like everyone else.
The vampires-- one male and one female, both young-- took wary steps in the direction of the cave, exchanging glances with each other every few feet. Castiel trailed them, waiting until they could see the fire flickering in the distance.
“I don’t know. I should investigate it.” Castiel tried to keep his voice neutral but his mind was running through thousands of possible explanations all at once.
Rowena fluttered her eyelashes as she searched for something to say. She settled on an eye roll before heading out the door.
“Not much, really,” Balthazar said. “I know the Metatron’s ready to end the War. He calls it his ‘Grand Finale,’ whatever that means.”
Dean spins around and Cas is there, smiling, the sunlight shining off him like it’s his own personal spotlight.
Garth gave Bess a shy smile, one she returned. “Because I have a great teacher.” Garth turned to Dean. “I know we were taught to take down all the monsters-- the Creatures, I mean-- but, Dean, these are good people. My people. I know you were talking to the boss. She wants to end the War. So do you. Are you going to help us, Dean?”
Silent as the shadows, Castiel advanced on Azazel’s flank. Not an easy endeavour, sneaking through a wide open space, but Castiel had faced worse challenges. Though, all those other times, his heart had not pounded so hard.
"What's it made of?" Bracing his fists on the mattress, Dean leaned over the bed to get a better view of the weapon. "Silver?"
The commotion started outside the classroom, outside the castle, and outside the Capital's walls. The youngest of the recent recruits, the one who refused to give up but would never reach front lines, saw it first from his post on the wall. At first, he thought it was a cloud or an approaching storm until he realized how low it was on the horizon. Against the backdrop of the setting sun, the horde approached, their march disturbing the snow. The young recruit watched them approach and knew he saw death itself. He rang the warning bell.
Dean touched Castiel. He touched this incredible Celestial, this legendary Angel, this impossible individual who somehow decided that Dean-- a lowly human who spent most of his life in tiny Lawrence-- was worthy of his devotion.
A few days after planting the sweet peas, Dean and Cas stored all the extra lamps and lights from the library in one of the storerooms.
Ash turned around and raised his hand to cut off Sam’s protest. “That’s an order. You’re making me pull rank here, dude. Very uncool.”
Sam left the tent before Ash could finish his sentence. He walked with purpose from the healer’s enclosure. Usually, he headed to the library after his work with Ash but, instead, he headed to the blacksmith’s quarters.
“Don’t worry. We’re almost there.” Azazel waved Dean onward, his malicious grin hidden in the dark. “Almost there.”
“Dean, Dean, Dean. You out here on your own? Just about anythin’ could sneak up on you. Lots of Creatures out there nowadays.”
“Well,” the woman drawled, “I think that’s the happiest Clarence has ever been.” She narrowed her eyes, her face cold. “How about that.”
The bottle hit the wall. The shattered pieces fell like rain onto the pile below. Dean ducked. Meg smirked.
“You gonna let me finish this one before you kill me?” Meg popped the cork then raised the bottle as if she were toasting the room.
Sam and Dean are on high alert, peering into every patch of darkness, every bit of nothing. It doesn’t do them much good. There is nothing but the absence, the blackness all around them.
"As much as I would prefer to stay here," Castiel whispered against Dean's lips, "I believe you have an audience with the king this morning."
The final bell tolled before Sam looked up. He placed yet another unhelpful book in the finished pile and stretched his arms over his head. His spine popped, grateful for the relief. Sam sighed and rubbed his tired eyes. He could do more. He wanted to do more but his mind would not stop wandering. It always did in the spring.
When Dean was a boy— before his childhood burned away— his mother brought him to the roof of their house. Kicking his little legs in the air to make the leather of his new shoes shine in the moonlight, Dean sat next to his mother. She smiled at him, her blonde hair crowning her head and her breaths clouding in the cold autumn air as she spoke.
The trees were shorter and the path Dean and Castiel walked became clearer. Dean was never so happy to see a shrub in his life. He trailed a few steps behind Castiel, clutching at his shoulder.
“Dean!” Charlie joined them, making no effort to hide her obvious interest in Jo. “You gonna introduce me to your friend?”
Dean wasn't sure if he should call it that. Yeah, Dean knew he had a little crush— okay, maybe more than a crush— but he didn't know how Cas felt. Cas was a fallen star and, while he was a fast learner in all things, he still didn't grasp all the intricacies of human conduct. Hell, Dean didn't either.
Castiel drank deeply and missed the way Dean’s gaze lingered on his throat. “It has been…” Castiel returned the water skin. “A difficult day.” Month, year, life-- Castiel’s perception of time could be a bit skewed.
By the time Sam left the library, it was nearly empty. Sam took the familiar route back to his room, a journey easily made with his eyes half-closed, and knew he would collapse the moment he saw his bed.
Dean threw his gear on the ground, not caring about the crash, and started running. When he reached the patch of flowers he dropped to his knees. He'd feel the impact in the morning but, at that moment, he hardly noticed. He touched his nose to one of the flowers and enjoyed its sweet fragrance.
“Looking for you.” Castiel tilted his head as he studied Sam. He looked well, considering the last time Castiel saw him.
And now, Castiel had spent the last five years in Purgatory healing the Creatures within it while Dean had done nothing to find him. If Castiel used his power that whole time, then Dean could not be sure of just how much time-- how much life-- Castiel gave away. Dean had to reach Castiel before he lost all of it.
At Sparky’s spark filled insistence, Dean says the first thought that comes to his mind, “Missed you.”
“Ah, yes,” Castiel said. Dean did not miss the sad tone in his voice. “You’re going to be a knight.”
Castiel raised his hands over his head then struck them against the ground. The light rippled across the ground over and over. Each time, the soot blew away. Each time, green grass pushed through from underneath.
Dean blinked away his tears, noticing Cas's hand on the top of the steering wheel, long fingers curled around the worn wrapping.
Dean had died more the most, so he understood how harrowing the experience could be, how it took some time to adjust to the land of the living.
A chuckle erupted from Walker’s throat. “Angel. Castiel. Oh, I know so much about you now. I always knew you were an abomination. Almost as bad as Sam.”
"I know it when I see it and I'm seeing it right now." Cas shoved the spoon into Dean's face. "Take it."
Stark white lighting swirled overhead. Beeping machines, the scuffle of shoes on hard flooring, and voices from every direction sounded from all around, unfiltered, incomprehensible. It was too much, too much, too much.
To Dean, Castiel’s smile was brighter than the setting sun in the window behind him. The sun fanned around Castiel’s head in golden hues, almost like a halo. Dean watched Castiel, watched as he patted Seraph on the snout with true joy in his eyes and realized that he had never once seen Castiel look so happy. A thought came into Dean’s mind, unbidden and soon to be ignored.
Sam straightened, using his best mentor voice to explain, “A couple of people try to become the ruler of the Ream. The people vote for them. Then, whoever gets the most votes is placed in charge of the country. Of course, it's more complicated than that but that's the basics.”
Dean was louder and angrier, but every word was undercut with worry. Castiel tried not to listen. It was too difficult to perceive Dean. Every time Castiel heard Dean's voice, caught a glimpse of his body, or sensed his presence, Castiel could not help but remember everything he did to Dean.
Cas backs up until the wings touch the light. They ring as they are pulled into the portal, a happy, thankful sound.
There is a third thing Dean wants Cas to be but Dean’s too afraid to even think it, let alone ask for it.
“There we go,” Dean said, leaning against the table. “Now it’s time for the beard. Do you wanna trim it, or get rid of the whole thing?”
Dean had no choice but to obey Castiel’s command. His limbs no longer responded. It was easier to bury his face into Castiel's shoulder. It was easier to lean into Castiel, his body the only thing keeping Dean from falling.
Rufus Turner, along with the no-longer Captain Singer, disappeared from the pages of history once they left the Capital. It is believed that they spent their last years in the village of Rufus’s birth in peace. It did not, however, stop them from arguing. It suited them both just fine. Neither one could live without the other. Besides, Bobby liked Rufus’s daughter’s cooking.
Castiel caught the lighter before it dropped, the flames licking harmlessly at his skin. The congregation came into focus— solid bodies rather than ghosts— while the priest faded away.
But it was an important question. For almost a month— ever since Cas fell out of the Empty— Cas had stayed in the bunker. For Cas, that was a long time. Cas tended to flit from cause, to mission, to battle, and back again, never stopping, never settling down. There was a part of Dean that expected Cas to be gone every morning. Dean dreaded the space of time between waking up and seeing Cas in his usual spot in the library.
The room smelled of a strange combination of artificial lemon, fake wildflowers, and whatever the marketers claimed was sunlight due to the different brands of soap Dean used. The mountain of cloths under the sink suffered an avalanche, the wet balls tumbling out the open door and down the bunker's hallway. Midway through the left wing, Dean ran out of washcloths, bath towels, and dish rags, so he resorted to cutting up old sheets. His tired eyes burned. His back ached from bending to reach the bottom parts of Cas's wings. The skin on his hands became red, irritated and cracked.
Cas doesn’t let Dean leave. He tangles his hands in Dean’s hair and returns the kiss. Cas opens to Dean, invites him in, and he accepts it eagerly.
It was late at night and Dean should've been sleeping. However, a thought niggled at Dean’s mind, begging to be spoken aloud. Dean rolled over. Cas sat on the other side of the bed, reading from an old textbook open in his lap. He chewed on the cap of his pen, the picture of pure concentration, then scribbled out a few words in a paragraph. Cas looked so comfortable— so right— lounging beside Dean, his bare, muscled torso highlighted by the lamplight.
“Everyone?” Dean lolls his head to the side so Sam can see the exaggerated waggle of his eyebrows. “Or just Eil--”
Dean took his last breath of warm indoor air then closed the door behind him. The squeaking hinges did not disturb Castiel, nor did Dean’s heavy footfalls as he picked his way across the icy roof. Dean scraped away some of the ice with his boot before he joined Castiel.
“Kid,” the Captain said, “you’ve been here-- what?-- four, five months? I can’t just send out a search party on a new recruit's gut feeling.”
Dean descended the stairs. The further down they went, the harder it became to place his feet. He strained his vision, unable to see much more than the outline of the steps and the body a few paces ahead of him.
Castiel became still, inhumanly so, and watched Dean with wide, unblinking eyes. Dean was about to speak again, to see if Castiel was still on the Realm with him, when Castiel finally said, “It’s our curse.”
The final step dissolved and Dean entered a world made of lightning and rock. He was on a cliff overlooking the deepest part of Hell. This place was denied the light of Heaven. This place was chosen by the All-Father as the ultimate punishment. This place held a cage.
“Well, first of all: Garth. Like, in general. He’s doing some kind of weird circle dance with his groupies…”
“Newsflash, Cas! I’m always angry.” Dean set the empty bottle on the table with the others and stepped right up to Castiel, pressing an accusatory finger to Castiel’s chest. “In case you forgot, there’s an Apocalypse going on. Sam’s not-- we’re not--” Dean swallowed. “Then you just flap off on your own.”
Castiel heard the brothers shout his name. He raised his gaze and, at the last possible second, he lept. Dean and Sam caught him. Taking one of Castiel’s arms each, Sam and Dean heaved Castiel up past the threshold into the halls of Hell.
“Hold on.” Charlie worked her jaw up and down a few times, unable to form a complete thought. “Hold on! You’re telling me Cas is the freaking
The Captain dropped his pen. It bounced off the pages and rolled under the desk. The lack of swearing spoke of the Captain’s surprise.
“That means you need to get to Purgatory.” Balthazar closed the remaining distance. “To do that, you’ll need me.”
Sam was to stand behind Dean, along with Ash, Garth, the Captain, and Rufus, in a symbolic show of support that demonstrated that the castle was unified. From his chair behind them all, the king would oversee the whole thing.
“Good,” said Aaron. “Maybe we could get a cold one? Take the edge off.” Garth and Pamela, in unison, turned to glare at him. “Come on! Obviously, I’m joking. Right?” He directed his last question to Dean.
An hour behind the bar and Dean felt like he never left. At first, he worried he lost his aptitude but, once Missouri walked in, sat in her favourite stool at the bar and told Dean all about her grandchild, he knew he would be fine. The Lawrence villagers’ warm greetings when they saw Dean working wrapped around him like a blanket, familiar and soft.
Lying there, with Dean sleeping in his arms, Castiel could almost ignore the shadows creeping at the edges of the room. Almost, but not quite.
"We'll find another way, Dean," Castiel said, moving further into the room until all that was between him and Dean was the kitchen island. "There's always another way. Sam's been researching and he thinks--"
The wave drenched the Captain and hit the first few rows of soldiers, despite their quick action. By the time the army regained their balance, they realized it was only the first wave.
Cas stands up straight and brings his closed fist to his chest. When he opens it, he reveals a bright, blinding sphere of light. Beams of light containing every colour of the rainbow cut through the Empty’s nothingness. It extends and lengthens in Cas’s hand until it takes the shape of a sword. Cas grasps the handle and glows along with it. The light releases Sam and Dean and returns to Cas. Instead of two white wings like before, there are six, each one a different colour of the rainbow.
That was the end of that. Castiel sipped from his mug and would not hear any protests from Dean. Dean slipped the coins into his pocket without looking at them. They felt heavy and warm.
