John lets go of Sherlock’s wrists and shifts down, Sherlock’s nipples beading against his tongue.
John’s own cock hangs heavy between his legs, the head sheathed in velvety folds. Even soft it has the heft of potentiality and it drags against the inside of Sherlock’s knee as John leans forward to discard the ring and plug over the side of the bed, letting it drop with a thud to the ground.
“It’s not wrong though, love.
Sherlock can feel John watching him, but he keeps his eyes shut and his hands steepled in front of his mouth, willing his heart rate back to normal. Instead of focusing on what he doesn’t know about John Watson, he zeroes in on what he does. And he starts to formulate a plan for how the rest of the trip is going to go.
That was the last time Sherlock had smoked.
“Yeah. Yes.
John meets the eye of the flesh coloured dildo. He supposes that he could take it as an insult. They’ve only been shagging for three months, after all. But he isn’t insulted. He knows now that it’s about self-preservation with Sherlock, and an innate, insatiable curiosity. A desire to experience and catalogue and dissect and investigate as much as he possibly can.
“Sherlock.” John lays a hand on Sherlock’s thigh and shakes his head. He doesn’t like the line Sherlock’s taking. “A life on the run is no life.” Or at least not one John wants.
His arsehole stretching.
“And I kissed you in the cab on the ride home.”
John holds himself rigid. Sits up. Putting distance between himself and the irresistible lure of Sherlock’s mouth.
John’s hands, which are resting on top of Sherlock’s, clench reflexively. The tension runs through him like a cord pulling taut.
.” His head hit the cupboard behind him with a dull thud.
John laughs then. Doubling over.
“Sherlock, Sherlock.”
John waits.
“You know usually that’s what passes for a term of endearment between us, but—“
“I’m not sure either of us should be drinking tonight, but I suppose one can’t hurt.”
He sharpens his tongue to a point and enters Sherlock slowly, pushing his inexorable way in. Sherlock’s body spasms around him, involuntarily clutching at him, gently, in a rolling clenching motion. John begins to fuck him with the tip, bobbing his head to get as deep as he can as Sherlock buries his head in the sheets and cries out. John leans back and spits on Sherlock's hole, running his fingertips around the swelling rim. When he returns his tongue to Sherlock, his beard brushing against the inside of Sherlock’s arse cheeks is excruciatingly pleasurable, sending stinging jolts of ecstatic pain striking out through him. Sherlock’s toes cramp he curls them so tight. His breath comes in short gasping bursts, his heart beating wildly in his ears.
He slid his palms up my chest, his thumbs catching on my nipples as he went, and then, as I trembled, under the lapels of my coat, running them up and over my shoulders until the jacket was sliding down my arms and off. John picked it up and stepped over to the sideboard, an extravagant Belle Epoch piece of heavy mahogany and gold filigree, and folded it neatly on top.
“Yes.”
Black.
But leave he had and the morning had been filled with shutting down his alfalfa hives, who luckily hadn’t had much to report. One hive had swarmed, but left behind a strong enough colony that Sherlock thought they would winter fine so long as the wax moths or mice didn’t get to them. He’d taken a frame of honey from the neighbouring hive who could spare it and given it to the smaller one.
“Take off your clothes,” you said.
“That works for me.”
“No,” John said, his eyes fixed downwards. “I just don’t feel confident in it yet. I said it to Charlotte while we were talking about attraction and it’s true, but I don’t think I’ve actually processed what that means for me, if that makes sense.”
“Calm down.”
Even unforgivable choices we made when we had no choice at all.
Two fingers, circling.
Sucking the sweetness away until it’s only Sherlock he tastes.
“My mouth,” Sherlock says, right away, without any deliberation. “And my hands.”
“Good night,” Sherlock said, and summarily shut the door on her.
“Oh, my god,” I said, the breath knocked from my lungs, my head dropping down to rest between his shoulder blades.
Sherlock’s mind always boggled at that. How hard his father had fought for them. His two effeminate, bookish, quiet boys who would rather read or do maths than join rugby clubs or ride about on a horse or shoot a gun. He had treated them both with nothing but disdain and disgust; they were constant failures. Prissy, weak, girlish, fag boys. It had been an enormous relief when they were finally sent away to board at school, even if school had been a hell of its own kind.
“And I don’t fancy being tied up.”
They kiss and they kiss and they kiss, until their bodies are tangled up together, until their breath is shared between them, passed back and forth, arms wrapped tight around one another, legs interleaved. This is new and they’re both enjoying the feeling of their bare bodies pressed tight together. Cocks slide against each other, silky hot and sticky. Leg hair catches and pulls. Feet rub up the backs of calves, electric sparks igniting between them. Bellies heave against one another. Hands move, restless, trying to touch and clutch as much unexplored skin as they can. Emotion fills both of them until they are drums, reverberating with feeling, too big to be spoken, only communicable through touch, through kiss.
Sherlock groans.
“I probably should have mentioned that I have insomnia, sorry about that,” John says sheepishly. “I haven’t had to worry about it disturbing anyone for a while. My old flatmate had an air purifier which created enough white noise to cancel out the sound of my dead of night activities.”
Sherlock didn’t respond. He was feeling despondent and embarrassed that he couldn’t do this on his own. He imagined how good it would feel for everything he was feeling right now to disappear. He imagined the way his thoughts would blur, the way his body would become borderless, the way the emotions would simply fade away. It felt like blissful obliteration was within reach and yet he was somehow not reaching for it. He was instead actively seeking someone to block him from finding relief. It was the simplest solution to every single one of his problems. Idiot. Idiot. Idiot.
An hour later he found himself no closer to an answer for why it had happened. All he could do now was wait for the November meeting and talk it over with the other members of the association.
Think.
John licks at his lips, thinking of last night.
“Are you certain?”
This is something else entirely.
There are times when I simply want to be taken. To be overpowered by you. We have spoken of it between us before. How illicit it feels to give up control, how thrilling it is to be roughly handled, to be vulnerable and completely in someone else’s hands.
“How does it feel?” John asks.
The sounds reach John’s ears a minute later.
Coming hard.
This is my happy place. I do this for fun. If this story isn't hitting its mark for you, then I ask that you keep it to yourself and find a fic that does bring you joy.
—hurt expression.
Sherlock’s fingers curl in, holding lightly, the tangerine beams from the street lights outside reflecting on the beds of his nails.
“You are spoiling for a fight and I will not give it to you,” he said at last, sinking back down into the water and closing his eyes resolutely against me.
“I want only to make you happy,” I said, marvelling at my inadequacy in accomplishing that one simple task, “and yet I make a very poor job of it, I’m afraid.”
John rubs his fingers over his brow, at war inside. How will he ever find his way back to his competent self if he did this? How will Sherlock ever see him that way again if he did this? Ironically, his old self would have told him to lean into it, to go to the same places he had urged Sherlock to go to all those months ago.
I slept. I caught up on all the hours I had lost to the war years and to the years of nightmares that followed in their wake. I had a mattress of softest lumpiest cloud and a thick duvet of swaddling down in a room not much bigger than a closet with no furniture save a wardrobe and a bed. The window above my headboard looked out on the border of witch hazel shrubs and lilac brush which provided a home to a family of thrushes which woke me with their sweet chatter each morning.
Fuckfuckfuckfuck.
John nodded, standing in the orangish glow of the kitchen light, hands in his pockets. The kettle began to rumble and he turned his body slightly toward it, though his eyes stayed on Sherlock. “I’m sure Charlotte will have loads more to ask you next week.”
Sherlock loves it too. It’s such a change from John’s usual brand of solicitous love making, which is perfect and lovely most of the time, but Sherlock secretly covets when John’s body is gripped by his primal urges and they retreat to the bath house for the weekend for the use of the establishment’s private, underground, heated salt water pool.
Ella’s office is familiar. Safe. Soothing. Water babbles from a fountain on her desk. The walls are painted a dusky rose. Her voice is soft and measured.
“Do you have a goal in mind or shall we just try and set a record?”
Sherlock moans around John’s cock as he slowly bobs up and down, letting the head of John’s cock rub against the ribbed plane of his palate.
“Have you heard of the Luck of Edenhall, Mr.Holmes? The Musgrave family?”
“And this one? What does this one do?”
He leaves a string of red marks up and down Sherlock’s thighs, his skin scraped red with the burn of John’s stubble, and by the time he leaves off Sherlock is hard again and shifting restlessly against the mattress. John’s name a supplication on his tongue.
Sherlock pulls his hand away and cranes his neck towards the bedside table, seemingly oblivious to the fact that he has just knocked John into the stratosphere. Sherlock’s stomach muscles flex and pull beneath John’s cheek. “You’ve got to be at work in fifty-three minutes.”
“Heels up.”
“You’re not usually so inconsiderate, but I suppose there’s a first time for everything.”
He was exquisitely rumpled in the morning. His silver-blonde hair standing up in adorable cowlicks at the crown of his head, his fringe swept off to the side by his fingers. It puffs up a bit from his forehead, the left side laid flat from where he was sleeping on it. There were pillow creases crisscrossing his cheek and the ruddy freckled skin of his shoulder. He was just beginning to lose his summer tan. It fades to a pale toasted gold in the winter months before once more darkening to bronze in July and August. I would miss his freckles when they went and as October edged towards November I made note to give them some little extra attention before the long draught ahead.
I pushed to standing, my body heavy. With longing, with regret, with grief, with exhaustion.
“It is suicide.”
Sherlock’s eyes follow the movement. John watches him swallow, watches his Adam’s apple bob. “It reminded me of you.”
Couldn't leave you hanging there...
Sherlock shivers against him. A cataract of sensation that travels down John’s body in a tingling rush of goosebumps.
The power buzzes in John’s brain, heady.
Your hands.
Looks down.
Licks.
“God, that must be torture. Forced to live with your ex like that.”
“What?”
“No,” John says, more firmly this time, taking Sherlock’s head between his hands. “I love you is all. I’m just really bloody gone on you and it scares the shite out of me sometimes. I don’t want to mess this up. I can’t lose you again.”
John rubs his fingertips between Sherlock’s knuckles, down between his fingers, before stroking back, over his palms, and down his arms. Murmurs, “I should leave you to it. Let you get frustrated because you can’t get deep enough. Can’t slide down and take it deep like you want, can you? Can’t feel yourself leaking, hot and thick, down your throat.” John drags his palms up the outside of Sherlock’s thighs to cup Sherlock’s round cheeks and pry them wider, thumbs dipping in to tease around where Sherlock’s pulled taut and open.
“All of your scheming suggests otherwise,” I teased. “A flat in London already leased. A business with clients already booked.”
“But he doesn’t trust himself to be enough and therefore can never trust me to tell him that he is.”
They kiss and kiss and kiss.
John Watson was a creature of habit.
Outside, the world has gone quiet. Except for the odd siren, the occasional blare of a car horn, the night is hushed. There is only the soft sound of your mouths touching, your hearts, in your ears, thumping.
John licks his lips. “Ninety-nine out of a hundred, huh?”
To a pleasure house for LGBTQ+ people.
He exhales shakily at the feel of you and his breath breaks against your spine: rushing.
“What do you want it to mean, Sherlock?”
Sherlock’s eyes are sharp when they swing back to pin John where he stands. His voice low and grating when he growls, “Get in the back.”
John’s toes curl in pleasure. With his heel against Sherlock’s shoulder blade he levers his hips gently up, wanting to get that tongue all over him, wanting the slick suction of Sherlock’s mouth, wanting more of the feeling beginning to build inside him.
John squeezes his eyes shut and focuses on that.
“Are you thinking about ending your life?”
Leans closer. Blind. Nuzzling.
“You do?”
John nods. “We could have a proper fete.”
And so the evening found me leaning against the kitchen counter as a shirtless Harold Stackhurst, who obviously saw the inside of a gym quite regularly, sat before my John, who disinfected and stitched up the man’s arm with his usual efficiency. I loomed over the procedure to remind my irritating weed of a neighbour just who that particular sun belonged to. The frequent sidelong looks that lingered on me throughout satisfied me that the point was taken.
“I did try to warn you,” I said, my throat tight. “I wanted you to know what you were getting yourself into.”
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
I have related to you many of the John Watsons I adore, however this one might be my favourite. Sprawled on his back, confident and happy and louche, with his limbs splayed out at different angles, covered from chest to cheeks in a rosy sex blush, his fingers toying with the hair curling just above his left nipple. Grinning like mad at me, midnight blue eyes shining, with his cock standing up proud and thick against his belly.
Inhales.
“Have you met someone?”
Who arches into John’s tongue like it’s redemption. Like it’s salvation. Who cries out like he’s seeing God.
“No.”
“Yeah.”
Sherlock scoots forward until their knees are almost touching. He takes a moment to readjust the wand beneath his thigh before reaching out with his right hand once more.
“Well brace yourself.” John glances at his watch. “We’re not even half done here and I mean to make it as hard on you as possible. By the time I’ve got you home I’ll place ten to one odds that you’ll be on the verge of coming in your pants.”
The dots pulse.
Sherlock feels like a gong has sounded off inside him, his skin is ringing with it, his teeth on edge. He tries to focus on what to say next, but his thoughts have taken on a diffuse quality; they deliquesce, like the steam rising around them. He’s lost control, everything he had expected, everything he had planned, it’s gone. John’s right, he is in free fall, and Sherlock has no idea, zero, where he’s supposed to go from here. No contingency he had ever even imagined had involved anyone but him.
“John.”
Fuck.
“One at a time, yeah?” John asks, still a little uncertain about how it worked.
“No,” John slurs it. He’s drunk on sleep, on dreams, on the intimacy of what he had witnessed last night.
“Well, that’s bloody unfair!” John points between them. “Pot. Kettle.”
You open your mouth over it, let your breath run out against him.
John shifts down until they’re lying face to face again. He nudges his lips against Sherlock’s reluctant ones.
fingers making Sherlock moan that way, and Sherlock lifts his head and tucks it over his bent arm. His eyes travel slowly up the indolent display of John’s body, taking in his fingers matching Sherlock’s pace and his hand stroking slowly up and down his cock, to meet his eyes.
Flicking lightly as Sherlock pulses against him, offering up bead after bead of pearly liquid.
“And why did she send you?” you drawled, indolent, a plume of smoke curling from your lips.
The sound of Sherlock’s voice pulls him back.
All the blood rushes to Sherlock’s head and throbs in his temples, in his forehead. He doesn’t mind. He is a vessel for John’s pleasure. Everything else fades, reality narrowed down to the feel of John using him. Sherlock, wrapping his hands around John’s hips, encourages him to move deeper, to fit himself into Sherlock’s throat.
“It is important, Sherlock. It’s the most important thing!”
…before.” I think you meant it to be cutting and dirty, but it comes out mostly off balance, the word clumsy on your tongue, and it made me smile in utter fondness and scratch my fingers against your scalp, and you blushed and looked annoyed and on the verge of stroppy, so I said, ameliorating, “At first you want to tease around the clit, work the folds and go inside her, circle around now and again, until she’s begging for it,” and you, eyes still on mine, sucked my cock into your mouth as retribution, and I choked and my head knocked back against the car with a bang.
“It is just me and you,” Sherlock says affectionately, eyes crinkling up, chins folding up at the fact that John is bit daft and a bit slow and that he finds it absolutely endearing. He runs his hands up the outside of John’s arms. Says, breathing already starting to quicken once more, “I want both of you. I want all of you. I want you to put both your cocks in me, John. I want—“
Jaw clenched. “I’m trying to tell you how I
And maybe that’s what saved them.
The realization that you can be broken, but still worthy. Broken, but still useful. Broken, but still loved.
“Still, this must have been a blow.”
It is more than I had ever hoped to have.
“Promise?” he says, bending down to press his forehead to John’s, as, for the second time that evening, he tidies his kit.
When the kettle clicks off John steeps his tea, adds a splash of milk, and is heading for his chair, when a soft moan draws his attention to the sofa.
Sherlock skims a hand up the back of John’s neck. Light. He draws John down.
A bottle hits the bed beside him, skidding into John’s calf. “Sit up against the headboard and get yourself ready.”
Sherlock contracts, curling around the place where John is making raspberries up and down his side.
“Queens can live for 2-3 years, drones, depending on the strength of the colony, live a few months, worker bees around 6 weeks during the summer, but during the winter they live a little longer.”
John looked down at their hands, sliding his fingers in between Sherlock’s longer ones. “Can I be honest?” John asked, his eyes flicking back up. Sherlock nodded. “That feels like a lot. I know that probably seems ridiculous since I just rushed us to first base, but could we do that another time? I’d like to take you out, spend some time getting to know you better, if that’s all right. I liked learning a little about your life at the dinner party last night.”
“Ambitious,” Sherlock remarks from behind him. “I thought you had to leave for work in ten minutes.”
“I knelt up but you held onto me…”
John: breathing hard.
Will he tell her how he avoided you, never answering your letters, your calls? How he told you to forget about him? Of the nightmares and the tremor and the phantom pain in his leg and the way he felt himself useless, untethered?
When he’s done he pauses for a moment at the sink, looking at the fogged glass panes of Sherlock’s ensuite door. The air swirls around him, thick with steam. It clings to John’s skin, sticky and warm.
“I’ll have Meera call to confirm a new day and time.”
The pup’s name was Dibi, which the woman explained meant ‘my wolf’ in Arabic and I repressed the urge to chuckle into my tea cup. The dog was a cocker spaniel! A wolf! What whimsy.
John lifts his face.
*********
The plummy swell of his bottom lip.
Pressing back.
When he turns around he finds Sherlock laid out on his bed. Like some Greco-Roman god. One leg drawn up, left foot curled around the inside of his right knee. One arm thrown up above his head, black curls twining around his slim white fingers. One hand resting on his stomach. He sprawls, languid and relaxed. Sex incarnate. Christ.
And then.
Not seeing any of the other inhabitants stirring, Sherlock squatted down and made a soft clicking sound with his tongue, his hand held out in invitation.
Sherlock held up his hand and waited, listening to John’s steps on the gravel and the crackle of sticks breaking underfoot as he made his way through the wood. Before he went back inside he sent John a text.
“What do you think he’s waiting for?”
, his eyes squeezing shut. John can feel Sherlock’s moan vibrate around his fingers and John’s cock jerks.
Your hands wrapped around my ankles. Hot palms cupped the backs of my calves, hair prickling. Thumbs dipped into the sweaty backs of my knees and held them out. Held me open.
“You’re suggesting we keep it a secret?”
“This deal isn’t right. I don’t want to pretend anymore. I don’t care what’s going on with Novarsky. I care about you. I want to be with you. I’ll let my people reach out to Irene. We’ll fly back first thing tomorrow and start working on this Moriarty thing. Ok?”
“Come here.”
John rests his hands on Sherlock’s knees, a gentle tenderness inside him, filling his body with a warm glow. John hopes Sherlock can see it shining in his eyes. “When you kneel for me, when you take me inside you, when you let me see you, you’re not giving up control of who you are. You say you get the most pleasure from giving up control during sex, by giving your needs into someone else’s safekeeping with the hope that they will meet them and care for them. But your worth will never be at stake with me. Your power and agency will never be taken from you. You can ask of me anything. Even if shame and debasement are part of it, I’ll meet you where you are. I understand that sometimes what we want from sex is dark. But it’s a scene. And once a scene is finished you will find nothing but comfort from me to see you through the aftershocks. I bloody love that you asked for a renegotiation of terms. We are never in stasis, we are always evolving. Our relationship should too. You being honest with me, you taking that risk, God, Sherlock it means the world to me. This is how trust is earned and built. With actions.”
As John’s French was abominable, I ordered for us,
, John begs silently, the box perched on his knees, the scent of rotting banana sticking to the inside of his nose.
“Well, if it’s not completely obvious by now, I’m suffering from the same affliction.”
I felt him tuck his pinky finger inside my stretched rim.
John wakes late.
“Complicated how?” Zoe asked. Sherlock narrowed his eyes at her and shook his head, but she ignored him.
But an idea suddenly occurred to Sherlock. “Has he had any practice catching mice?” he asked, before she could leave.
Knees pressed to London’s pavement as John tells him he wants to come home.
At his thumb pressed to the latticework of raised white lines in the crook of your elbow.
John takes Sherlock deeper, as deep as he can go, so that Sherlock’s cock is just nudging the back of his throat, and moans again, swallowing against him for good measure and Sherlock goes tense underneath him, fingers gripping John’s head, holding him in place, hips thrusting up once, pushing thick across John’s tongue, toes kneading into John’s sides, as he comes down John’s throat in thick salty bursts.
“I want to ride you until you come inside me and then I want you to stick that bloody plug back up my arse and I want you to take me home and then I want you to do it again. F-uck.” His voice cracks and John rubs his hand up Sherlock’s back.
“Remind me to find out what the melting temperature is for epidermis later would you?”
“Let’s go.”
You exchange names and that feels like enough.
“Thank you,” he whispers, grateful that Jenny can read his physical signs of internal turmoil. He takes a deep breath. Another. Does an abbreviated 5-4-3-2-1: flexes his toes inside his shoes, gripping the ground (touch), picks a window pane and names the colours he sees: umber, ochre, scarlet, pine (sight), picks out a murmured conversation and the vibrating burr of the copy machine (sound), smells the subtle metallic, ozone scent of the air conditioner as it kicks on and begins blowing cold air down through the vent above his head (smell).
Stretches his neck.
John kisses down Sherlock’s body, as the tentacle inside Sherlock reaches the bright knot of his pleasure and strokes it once.
There is really only one thing left to do.
“Good, yes. Me too.”
“Your shirt,” Sherlock says, choked. “Take it off. Vest too.” A second later. “Please.”
The meal was fish pie, fresh crusty bread, and a trio of salads—English pea and broad beans, leafy greens, and chilled mediterranean style pasta with olives and feta—set up along the kitchen counters in buffet style. When prompted by Zoe everyone piled high their plates and sat down once more. Wine bottles were passed around (John declining, Sherlock noted, instead opting for sparkling water like him) and conversation took up the steady hum of people getting to know one another.
Barely thawed.
“Yeah,” John says, smiling into his skin. “Mycroft told me.”
An exhalation, relief cascading through them, and they sway, joined only by the gentle caress of their mouths and the pressure of Sherlock’s hands resting lightly on John’s shoulders. A glancing skim. Back and forth. Back and forth.
That point seemed to give Vivica pause.
It makes him feel singularly, exhilaratingly alive.
Just then Sherlock looks up.
Amendment: After reading all of your lovely lovely comments and after coming out of my negative fugue that I was in when I posted, I want to say that trivial was the absolute wrong word choice and it reflects more my state of mind rather than anything I feel about how we cope with difficult situations. I did not want to trivialize anyone's sadness, but I did want to help combat it if it's what you needed. Fic and fandom are some of the only bright spots in an otherwise stormy landscape AND THEY ARE SO IMPORTANT. So thank you for helping me pull my head out of my ass so that I could see that.
Fast.
You lean down and rest your forehead against his, nuzzling the side of his nose.
“It doesn’t matter.”
And if they couldn’t…
Sherlock blinks at him. The rip tide change in emotion tugs him in either direction, shifting the ground he stands on so that he feels unsteady.
“John, you’re it. You’ve always been it and if you had been paying attention that would have been blatantly clear.”
Fuck.
John chuckles. “Very good. I don’t know why I thought any of that had slipped by you.”
He looks up.
He had zipped himself into his bee suit and was tucking the ankles into his work boots and tying them up when Zoe crested the hill.
I closed my eyes.
John smoothes his hand over the plump white moons of Sherlock’s arse, feeling the short downy hairs stand up against him as he moves.
“Do you need more, Sherlock?” I trembled and nodded, bit down on my bottom lip. Yes. Yes to whatever he was offering. I needed more. I wanted more. More of him. As much as he was willing to give me.
gives
“Turn around,” he says, long, kiss-drunk minutes later, and you shiver at the dark husky rasp of his voice, shuffling up the bed to wrap your hands around the headboard. Your skin stings in the raw air, alive with anticipation. You feel him shift at your side, knelt close, silky cock tucked against your hip. You hear the snap of the lube bottle and the way John’s breath is coming fast and hard against your right shoulder blade.
John lets his eyes slip shut and groans at how good it feels, sinking lower in the seat.
John looks at the tinted windows on the Land Rover. They’re almost opaque. No one can see in. It rides higher off the ground. No prying eyes.
Ellen nodded. “Absolutely. We’ll work it out with your dad.”
“That’s very clever,” Sherlock said. “It must be difficult to keep all those papers from mixing. Shall we pop in here and I’ll give you a proper beekeeper’s notebook?”
I snapped my fingers together. “Gas leak.”
The thought makes your chest constrict.
“Well,” Zoe said, looking a bit dumbfounded. “Anyone that can get Sherlock Holmes to describe anything as ‘lovely’ deserves a second chance. When do we get to meet him, Blue?”
“Then we’ll camp out on the floor,” John says, running the tip of his nose along Sherlock’s jaw before tipping his head back to meet Sherlock’s gaze. “Were you planning on us keeping your mum’s things?”
John doesn’t have time to process that before Sherlock is kissing him again. Kissing the breath from him. Kissing him with desperation and John can’t…
“Where?” John can feel the heaviness in his legs. It was a long day. An outbreak of flu and every sniffle or stomach gripe had ended up coming through their doors, people wanting to ‘catch it early’. And John had had to examine them all and then tell most that there was bugger all he could do. He’d like to take a shower, watch a bit of telly, eat the Chinese. Kiss Sherlock in their bed. Last night it had been frantic. Frottage and then a bit of cuddling after. John wants to take his time, go slow. Inside the bedroom to his right, the rain pummels the glass. John wiggles his toes in his wet socks, his shirt pulling tight and damp across his shoulders.
It shatters.
“I want my ankles wrapped around your neck and my arse stuffed with your cock. I want to come on your tongue. I want to lick you open, I want…” Sherlock breaks off, breathing hard, as he settles between John’s legs, knees pressed to the inside of John’s burning thighs, urging them wider. John can feel the plummy, wet head of Sherlock’s cock pressing against him as Sherlock’s fingers slip out to wet his shaft. Sherlock tugs on John’s hair and then wraps his hand around John’s throat as he tips it back against Sherlock’s shoulder, whispering, “I want you to sit on my cock.”
it sticks.
He sighs, a breath you didn’t know he was holding, having expected something vicious perhaps, or your particular brand of unsparing honesty at the very least, but you’ve managed to surprise him, you can tell, as his hands begin to move again over your back. “She is.”
Licks the fluid off his chin. His throat. Smears his hands through it, down his stomach. Takes the tip of Sherlock’s red cock in his mouth and Sherlock twitches and shakes. His hands close around John’s head and pull him up and off.
Who was I to judge you for how you had managed it?
“Please.” John breathes. “Please. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. Last night, last night, for some reason, I just…and I didn’t even really realise until I was sitting there with Harry and Clara what was going on with me. I’m sorry I didn’t talk to you first. I should have.”
“And what if I want to be your assistant?” Sherlock’s voice comes out slightly hoarse. He clears his throat and takes a sip of water, feeling uncharacteristically off balance.
“Sometimes she’s a great big giant bitch,” Zoe said, coming into the kitchen. Once she reached Sherlock she wrapped her arms around his waist, resting her forehead against his side. “I’m sorry, Blue.”
Sherlock can just imagine Moriarty’s reaction if he were to hear this conversation right now. Bitterness sears him.
Harry shrugs sympathetically. “You have to figure that out for yourselves. John, you have to talk to him.”
There was nothing inside me to come up. Not even bile, which is what I deserved.
If John looked over his shoulder he is sure he would see the wreck of some stellar devastation. Their past smoldering in ruins.
“The pasta is done.”
John wants to see that composure shattered.
just barely
John Watson with his crisp, tailored suits and his velvety brown beard and the callouses on his thumbs that make Sherlock shiver and his voice that makes Sherlock heel. John Watson with his damnable drownable dark eyes and his war record and his thin pink lips that he licks and licks and that kiss Sherlock until he’s woozy, his blood fizzing up to bubbles like it is now, in anticipation, in promise, in pleasure. That kiss Sherlock like he wants nothing more than to kiss him, asking nothing more of Sherlock but what he wants, not forcing, just inviting, just enjoying. John Watson with his calm, like the eerie quiet eye of a storm; he is sure of himself like no one Sherlock has ever met.
“You can’t be serious,” John says, but then Sherlock is kissing him again, and it’s good—so good. Fuck, why is it so good?—and John has to remind himself that he is in the middle of his workday, that he cannot be caught snogging the new guy in the break room, and that it doesn’t matter how much he’d like to lose himself in how good kissing Sherlock is—seriously, what the fuck—there was one rule at the Bede that was key to many’s recovery and rehabilitation and that was not to enter into any new relationships while in the program. John levers himself off the wall, flipping them so that Sherlock’s hands are pinned and John’s the one in control.
“Forgive myself?”
Sherlock growls, “Your cock.”
“—But the point is that I
I met him and I knew him. And I could not, would not, let him go.
“Every day I would wake up and it would be like the first day. I just kept losing you. Over and over. And it never got easier.”
Sherlock chuckles, brushing his nose against John’s. “Come up and see, hmm?”
“Then we will run as long as we can. I will not sign my company over to him. I will not allow him to force you to be a drug runner for him.”
“Sure,” Sherlock said, moving towards the front hall closet to get his, John’s, and Charlotte’s coats.
a bloody nuisance.”
Leaning forward John lets the saliva pool on his tongue before he opens his lips and let’s it fall, coating Sherlock’s cock, slicking him up.
“All right. And you must, of course, call me John.” Sherlock inclined his head and let his mind dissect the pair a bit before reining it in. John had clumps of sleep still caught in the corners of his eyes and a day’s worth of stubble shadowing his jaw. His hair was finger combed and mussed and his jumper a tad wrinkled, as if just pulled from a dryer that had sat cold and forgotten for days. A bit rumpled overall compared to the man of military grade coiff that Sherlock had met two days before. He found it compelling for no reason other than that this was useful data when taking the measure of the man.
John sets down the sheaf of papers on his desk. “Excuse me?”
Reposting this from the previous chapter because I added late:
Holding Sherlock firmly in place. No running. No hiding.
“It would just be me and you. No one else.”
John had sat in Sherlock’s hospital room and he had begged for Sherlock’s life to be spared.
-Quick Heads Up: I had originally marked this as rated as teen and up. While most of the story will be appropriate for that level, the story will become explicit later on and stay explicit after that. I polled some readers/writers on Twitter and it seemed that the most respectful thing to do would be to mark this explicit from the beginning instead of changing the rating later on. I've decided to do that. The tags will be the way you can know when the story changes. I add them each time I post a new chapter so if you want to continue reading up until it gets explicit, check the tags! Thanks <3
“I suppose it was.”
His hair is tumbling down over his brow.
“Oh, stop, stop, I was only kidding.” Sherlock’s arms wind around him tight so that he can’t stand up.
He rests, for a moment, between Sherlock’s legs. Sherlock’s cock caught against John’s stomach. John rests his chin on Sherlock’s chest so that Sherlock goes crosseyed for a moment, looking down the bridge of his nose at him.
I closed my eyes as the chocolate melted on my tongue.
“You said…” John had prepared a speech in the shower and now he can’t remember a single word of it. Sherlock reaches for him, hands curling around John’s shoulders. He tugs.
John hums, pressing kisses to Sherlock’s forehead and brushing them across his lashes on his way down to the tip of his nose. Settling back down against the pillow after, he says, “I suppose we need to head into the office soon. Do you mind if I shower first or would you like—“
He shifts and the motion sends the beads jolting, sinking deeper, just brushing the edge of John’s prostate and he cries out.
Sherlock sat for a bit in the car after John left, allowing himself to just feel the way his body was reacting, and trying to suss out how he felt about taking a chance on a relationship with John. Yes, he was attracted to him—it explained the way he had felt very aware of John when he was around him from the very start—and yes, he had wanted, pretty desperately, for John to lean across the center console and kiss him just now. To just throw caution to the wind and
The kiss we shared was slow and wet, suggestive of things to come. Our tongues met and tangled languorously, our lips sliding against each other, slick. He still tasted faintly of whiskey and his skin was warm through his trousers when I slipped my hand beneath his unbuttoned coat and rested it on his hip.
Sherlock looks at him as if he’s trying to decide if John is angry. Slightly skittish, slightly defensive. Unsure.
“If he hurt you…” Sherlock looked at him, despairing, helpless. “It would be precisely his brand of revenge.”
Best to just get it over with.
It’s…
John turns around and studies him for a moment before warily agreeing. “All right.”
And then, one gray morning in March a postcard arrives. Strange handwriting, but signed with John’s name. Spanish postage. Spanish coast. Costa del Sol in block lettering. The sea. Palm trees. A sandy strip of beach. The name of a hotel is scribbled at the bottom.
“I want to give you something now. I want to explain. I don’t want to wait.”
Sherlock rings off with an emphatic jab of his fingertip, his brow thunderous, his mouth pulled thin.
Sherlock shakes his head.
John pulls his feet up and braces them on the edge.
“Nothing. I just didn’t think CEOs walked with the rest of us plebeians.” The teasing glitter of his pale eyes shining at John from beneath his long dark lashes takes John’s breath away. Affection melts down his navel in a slow warm cascade.
to see them. I am obligated to see them. There is a difference.”
John presses his lips together. He arches one brow.
“I’m sorry,” he mumbles, the warmth of his breath seeping through John’s shirt and vest to melt against his skin.
“I trust you.”
“How am I supposed to let you do this, knowing that?” Sherlock hisses.
“Ok, thanks for letting me know.”
Phone in hand, he turns the dial from three to six.
The man, damn him, is, inexplicably, holding a disposable camera.
John shuts his eyes and drops his head into his hand, rubbing at his fringe.
Sherlock nodded, listening, encouraging him to continue.
John feels the word land in his gut.
“Yes. Oh. Now, come on. In you get.”
John licks down to his seam, nudging his nose against his opening.
He let his head fall forward until his forehead was pressed into the top of the steering wheel. He leaned in until it hurt, until the pain was intense and bright and shooting down his spine, and then jerked back, the back of his head bouncing off the head rest. He wanted a hit, that’s what he wanted. Of nicotine, of cocaine, of alcohol. Anything to blunt this terrible feeling of despair knotting inside him. Everything he used to think about the world seemed confirmed in this one apocalyptic day’s events.
?” Is what he finally says, his blank gaze flickering to Sherlock, a pitying smile on his lips. “Darling, you must be so terribly
He’s unable to enjoy the sweeping vistas afforded by their passage up the mountainside and as they set off down one of the trails he’s distracted, scanning the firs for threats. They are inviting danger on purpose, but John can’t turn off the part of his brain that is determined to fight until the last. He may have made peace with their circumstances, but that doesn’t mean he’ll go quietly.
Easy.
“What else?”
“Don’t have work tomorrow,” John reminded him. “I’ll stop by after I’m done at Ella’s shall I?”
The loose thread still dangles.
, John thinks, because, how? How is he supposed to remain aloof and unaffected when Sherlock is fucking his own mouth with a vibrator shoved up his arse?
But then.
?” Incredulous.
“Please?”
The man’s eyes, in the mirror, look back at him, dark indigo and wild.
The universe really had tilted. The earth must be spinning off it’s axis.
“No, I don’t.”
John pinches his eyes shut.
The flower beds are thick with the decaying roughage of what were once an abundance of summer blooms. John can see evidence of day lilies and iris, peony and the ubiquitous rose.  The clematis vines on the garage are shriveling up.
“Don’t you have to work?”
“Yes. Or you’ll bloody well talk me into it.”
Before John could offer the man tea or supper I complained of a migraine, held up Stackhurst’s jacket for him to slip on, and saw him out the back door and on his way.
“Ohhhhhhh,” Sherlock moans, rocking up onto his tiptoes.
“I want you to…overwhelm me.”
John knows, he
“Nonsense. How’re Tuesdays to start? Hayley can grab her after her field hockey practice and bring her by.”
He had imagined a lie in. Waking late. Making slow sleepy love.
“It’s not important. Please.”
And the entire time he had kept saying, “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, John. Please forgive me for all the hurt that I caused you.”
He steps closer, the rough edges of his jacket, brushing against the tops of your thighs.
Sherlock stands, graceful and fluid, with none of the twinging aches and pains John is afflicted with. John is too tired to feel jealous.
“Sherlock, stop.”
“I should have told you. I know that.” John shakes his head. “All I wanted was to avoid hurting you and I couldn’t even manage that.”
“I need to—“ broken off, breathless. A quiet moan, his teeth on the nape of your neck. His left hand on your belly, steadying. “Christ. I need—“
Says, slowly, as if rolling the words and the idea around, tasting them, “Platonic life partners.”
“What would I be doing if there were two of me in the room? What would you imagine the other me to be doing while you were busy sucking one of me off?”
, he thought, and he stood, grabbed his jacket, and went to do the shopping.
John remembers.
He wishes he could say the same of his nerves.
Sherlock sat back down at the desk. It would feel better if he could pinpoint the cause so that he would know what to do differently going forward. He had combined a weak hive with a stronger one in August. This had required killing the queen in the weaker hive and setting the upper hive body on top of its neighbour separated by a sheet of newspaper. Every queen had her own unique chemical scent marker which set each colony apart. Over the course of a few days the bees would eat through the newsprint barrier and by that time the pheromone marker from the old queen would have faded enough for the bees to be accepted into the new hive and marked by their new queen's pheromone. He had also added honey from the old hive into the stronger one to help bolster their stores in preparation for the winter. This might have been where the trouble began. Although he hadn’t found evidence for foulbrood in the weaker hive, he had found evidence of robbing, bees from another hive plundering the honey stores, because the colony’s numbers had been too low to effectively defend their hive. Had the robber bees come from his own hives or from an outside source? Had they been Pollack’s bees? Or wild ones?
John strokes it.
“Oh, but you want me to talk about my headaches.”
John huffed a sardonic laugh. “I’m not entirely sure I am.”
“For blackmail,” John says, but he might as well not be in the room.
“It’s going to be all right,” John says, leaning into him, until they are pressed together. John strokes his fingers down Sherlock’s forearms until he finds his hands and tangles their fingers together, loose. “We can stay in town tonight if you’d like. I’m sure there’s a bed and breakfast and…”
Thank you thank you, a billion times thank you for going on this journey with me. It's been really emotionally hard for me to let go of this story so if you liked it would you mind taking a moment to let me know? <3 <3
“I’m wondering if you’ll tell me a little about yourself?” John said, stretching an arm out across the back of the sofa and pulling his knee up onto the cushion. “I feel a bit like you’ve seen all my dirty laundry and, well, your accent’s too posh to be from around here. Where’d you grow up?”
Sherlock sets down his mug on the ground and slides to his knees in front of John. He places his large hands on top of John’s thighs. His eyes are clear, the pale scalding blue of a summer’s day, as they search John’s.
“Nonsense,” I said, automatically, my heart racing a bit.
Licks at the pink pad of Sherlock’s tongue.
There was a space between us, a chasm I could not cross, even if I wanted desperately to do so. I opened my mouth to speak, but no words would come.
“Towels are in the linen closet.”
“More. I need. More.”
“Irene is here,” John says and Sherlock’s brow furrows. “She’s working for Moriarty.”
Sherlock thinks for a minute. “Curry.”
Sherlock’s eyes flick back and forth between his.
“Oh.” John shudders as the silicone scrapes rough and cold against his skin. “Lube,” he gasps, nodding his head towards the box.
He can’t hold it together anymore.
The simple beauty of it takes John’s breath away.
“Thank you for understanding. I’m sorry it came out like this and put both of us on the spot. I really don't want to mess this up.”
“I need a shower,” I said, feeling somewhat buoyed by the biscuits. John nodded and did not say 'I told you so' and left me to it.
Sherlock sits on a stool across the island from John. “What’s all this?”
,” John exhales, bleeding out. Sherlock has always wielded truth like a scalpel, but rarely turns it on himself. John tries to gather all the splintered pieces of pain together, make them into a whole so that he can see Sherlock clearly, but they refract the light, obscuring.
Sherlock’s heart slams against his ribs, the air knocked from his lungs.
John pulls them down just far enough to release him into the air. He smells incredible, musky and salty, and bobs there for a moment, rosy and hard, before John leans in and gets his mouth around him.
“What do you want me to do first?” John prompts, pressing his damp palms to his knees. The small Sussex town seething past the windows. People walking, driving, carrying on. John inside, his dick hard in his pants, ready to do anything Sherlock wants.
John is standing at the foot of the bed. His suit jacket hangs in the closet to his right, his cufflinks glinting on the chest of drawers just behind him. He’s rolling his sleeves up as Sherlock enters the room. Sconces along the walls lend a soft golden light. Above the bed hangs a black framed mirror that runs the length of the bed, reflecting back the navy blue duvet and the crisp white pillows. A pale blue angora throw blanket is draped over the foot of the bed. Once Sherlock is done taking inventory of the room he lets his gaze sweep back to John, who is watching him with that same intensity. Sherlock feels like John can see through him and it sends a thrill skating down his spine.
John turned around and watched as Sherlock chatted politely with Armand in perfect French, flashing him his sunniest, fakest smile, before being led behind the counter and through a door marked Private.
I shoved down, my back squeaking, catching against the car, where my sweat had dried. Pain burned across my shoulders, but I didn’t care. I didn’t care. I wanted you deeper. Wanted the fat meat of your tongue to stretch me out. To get so deep it would relieve the ache throbbing inside me. Tongue slipping out of me, you closed your lips around the ring of muscle and suckled at it and I babbled, unintelligibly, “Yeah, fuck me, fuck me. Oh god, Sherlock,” as you shoved yourself to the root inside me, teeth bristling against me.
Cock.
Lips closed tight around them.
Just positively sopping.
“Oh, sweet Jesus, that’s good,” John gasps, a few minutes later, using Sherlock’s knees as leverage to pull himself up to kneeling. “Oh, fuck me, that’s wonderful. Pickle. It’s genius. If there’s ever a word to pull you out of a scene, it’s that. How the hell did you come up with it?”
“Ellen!”
Hands on the lapels of Sherlock’s coat, tugging him down. “Course. Course you can.”
“Or…not. I don’t have to. You feel so good. You’re so tight for me. So tight on my cock, John. And the beads. Oh,
I don’t care.
John shakes his head. “I don’t think he’s manipulating me.”
“Watson!”
All of him leaking out all over.
John can.
Sherlock listens.
He’s making his goodbyes as you do and your mind is racing, racing just as quickly as your heart, thinking:
“Those are her pollen baskets. Her whole body, even her eyes, are covered in tiny hairs that the pollen attaches to. She then uses her legs to brush the pollen back and collects it in those baskets.”
He had budged his chair over and patted John’s back and had fetched him napkins.
“I’m sorry.”
“You don’t see yourself properly,” Sherlock whispers, standing right behind John and resting his hands on John’s bare shoulders. “But I see you. I see you, John.”
John glances down at Sherlock’s erection and, if possible, grins harder.
“I’d like to ask permission to slow down and take things down a different path. I know how good it feels to be in control, even if it’s just over this, what we do together, and fuck it’s been amazing to play this way.” John pauses. His ribs expand as he takes a deep breath. “I know you’re close. I know you’ve been asked to push yourself, to keep yourself in this state with no relief. But what if we don’t get another chance?” A hot sluice cleaves Sherlock’s chest at the spoken recognition of what they’ve both been avoiding. “Will you wait just a little longer? Will you let me give you this? Let me give you what you asked me for?”
How do you explain to someone how the soul, the heart, the body mends, one painful stitch at a time?
Just a little.
"Mating between a single drone and the queen lasts less than 5 seconds, and it is often completed within 1–2 seconds. Mating occurs mid-flight, and 10–40 m above ground. Since the queen mates with 5–19 drones, and drones die after mating, each drone must make the most of his single shot. The drone makes first contact from above the queen, his thorax above her abdomen, straddling her. He then grasps her with all six legs, and everts the endophallus into her opened sting chamber. If the queen’s sting chamber is not fully opened, mating is unsuccessful, so some males that mount the queen do not transfer semen. Once the endophallus has been everted, the drone is paralyzed, flipping backwards as he ejaculates. The process of ejaculation is explosive—semen is blasted through the queen’s sting chamber and into the oviduct. The process is sometimes audible to the human ear, akin to a "popping" sound. The ejaculation is so powerful that it ruptures the endophallus, disconnecting the drone from the queen. The bulb of the endophallus is broken off inside of the queen during mating—so drones mate only once, and die shortly after. The leftover endophallus remaining in the queen’s vagina is referred to as the “mating sign”. The plug reflects ultraviolet light, and as drone bees can see ultraviolet the plug then works as a beacon to other drones [5]. The plug will not prevent the next drone from mating with the same queen, but may prevent semen from flowing out of the vagina.[6]"
John’s eyes scald him as he drags them over Sherlock’s body, hungry and hot and intense.
Comes so bloody fucking hard.
Spreading him. Opening him.
John closes his mouth and nods.
and sweet honey
enticing.
“Will you lay down on your stomach?” Sherlock asks, his body swaying a little, as if he is fighting the urge to touch John.
But to the tongue unaccustomed to sweetness, the taste of honey is a revelation.
“There must be someone from the club who got wind of it and crushed it,” John muses. “There are powerful men who won’t want the club exposed, even if they don’t care about me.”
John had been able to say no, right?
After a minute he clears his throat, brows still complicated and tucked down and in and you can’t read that look at all. He says, evading, voice rough, “I’m clean too.”
“Yes, well, I was in shock.”
“M doesn’t make mistakes.”
“You—“
“There’s a ring in my pocket.”
When cleaning infected cells, bees distribute spores throughout the entire colony. Disease spreads rapidly throughout the hive as the bees, attempting to remove the spore-laden dead larvae, contaminate brood food. Nectar stored in contaminated cells will contain spores and soon the brood chamber becomes filled with contaminated honey. As this honey is moved up into the supers, the entire hive becomes contaminated with spores. When the colony becomes weak from AFB infection, robber bees may enter and take contaminated honey back to their hives thereby spreading the disease to other colonies and apiaries. Beekeepers also may spread disease by moving equipment (frames or supers) from contaminated hives to healthy ones.
Eyes locked with Sherlock’s he brings it to his mouth and
John knocks back the rest of his drink and stands. Taking Sherlock’s extended hand in his, John follows him through the packed dance floor and down a hallway which dumps them out in front of a bank of elevators.
I put the spoon in his hand and this time John did the honours. I knew he was close from the way he was breathing and the cherry red blush staining his cheeks.
“It is quite obvious what this is,” you interject.
“Did you eat dinner? You’re very grumpy.”
“Nothing.”
“What about now?”
**********
“So hot,” John says, half-dreaming, half-incoherent with how good Sherlock feels around him. “I want to do that for you every time.”
John is left shaking, trembling, with his head hanging limp on his neck, eyes closed as Sherlock zips John back into his trousers, none the worse for wear, and rises to fetch a wet flannel for his face. He comes back over, and John leans into him, resting his forehead against Sherlock’s chest.
“All right.” John rubs at his swollen eyes, his cheeks. “I feel like I could sleep for a year.”
Sherlock shakes his head as he bends over John’s other foot, mumbling something that sounds like, “Tomorrow.”
“No.” Ani pouts. “And they weren’t butch, they were trans-masculine nonbinary. They were also married. I guess their wife lets them go out and make out, but nothing more.”
“Christ, John, it’s hot enough to melt your skin off.”
“Open.”
“I’d like to give you a little more context, as I feel like you’re the only one in the room without it,” Sherlock said, running the towel around the cup before dipping it inside.
“So how do you know Zoe and Ellen?” John asked, a few minutes later after they had both finished chewing.
You drink your beer and you deduce their ordinary ill-kept secrets and it should make you feel better, but somehow it doesn’t make you feel any better at all.
He wields his power with a gentle yet complete control.
A humming thrum vibrates against the back of John’s ribs as Sherlock presses close once more, ignoring him.
There is brief mention of past drug use and overdose in the first few paragraphs.
Sherlock stood too. “I should head home.”
Also I just wanted to apologize for not responding to comments left on my chapters last summer. It was just as my life was coming unraveled. I'm trying to respond to them now, just please know how much they mean to me and meant to me. Thank you for them.
The tips of John’s ears smart. “Because we can’t pretend like the world doesn’t exist forever.”
“Before I left I didn’t understand what it meant to let other people in. I would gladly die for you, but I could never
“I’m ready,” John gasps, when he hears the telltale click of the bottle. “You don’t have to—“
"Must have been a grand time. Explains the glitter in your fringe," Bobbi says, chucking her chin at his forehead, and John runs a hand through his hair, rifling it self-consciously. The glitter was proving a bitch to wash out.
Taking out his journal, Sherlock made notes about the state of his blackberry hives, and in the back of his mind he kept the questions close at hand. Tonight he would sit down with his fears and give them the floor. Maybe if he could figure out what was holding him back, he’d have an easier time seeing the way forward.
The door closes behind him as John settles down on the center seat.
John flips the box lids open.
“So what changed your mind?”
You’re certain you black out for two or three seconds.
“Yeah, cheers. Thanks again.”
“Yes.”
Sherlock’s head jerked comically fast in his direction and John giggled as Sherlock said, deadly seriously, “I will very,
John’s hands in Sherlock’s rain slick hair.
Finishing his coffee, Sherlock climbed down carefully from his perch on top of the hives and walked to his car. Zipping himself into his bee suit, he got to work.
“Maybe.”
(See the end of the chapter for
I became a part of the house, like the pipe and the violin and the beehives and the books. I was necessary. I had purpose. It is not going too far to say I was beloved, as all of the other institutions were.
The opaque windows take on an entirely new meaning.
“I’m in here,” John calls from the bedroom at the back of the plane, voice muffled through the thin wall between them. Sherlock unbuckles his seat belt and goes to join him.
“Oh, God.”
“Wine,” I prevaricated, my pulse jangling. I didn’t want to talk about her. I didn’t want to talk about the things I had done while you watched. You were there. You saw. You were directing the entire show for God’s sake.
A sinister shiver moves down John’s spine as he feels his mobile buzz inside his jacket pocket.
*********
“John, what are you afraid will happen if you tell Sherlock how you feel?”
John wraps his arms around him and thrusts, slow and lazy, just barely moving his hips.
Despite John living alone, he had never felt it, other people’s lives always pressing in through the walls, unwittingly bringing John into their petty squabbles, intimate tragedies, and the tenderness of their familial (and sexual) love lives, whether John wanted it or not. It wasn’t until he had been accepted to the Bede’s program and moved north that he found he preferred the quiet and the solitude that came with truly living on his own, even if the loneliness was sometimes acute and he would wish for Omar to come over and make him forget it for a little while.
Sometimes it seeped in over the course of a day.
Leaving John breathless and flushed, hair mussed, before he has to head out the door to the Tube.
John swallows hard, his body lit, a live wire, frayed and raw.
Soft.
Sherlock’s eyes are downcast but he nods.
“I think I’ll go into town and pick up some things. Food and tea and a kettle. Bits and bobs. You’ll go up to the attic and see what the state of affairs is. If we need bedding you’ll text me and I’ll find it. What do you want for dinner? Pizza? Indian?”
Quinn merely cocked her head. Interested, but not convinced.
Just as Sherlock was putting away the rake, a ginger cat slipped out of the woods and sat in the grass nearby, tail twitching, watching him with round green eyes.
“What do you want?”
on cold wet ground looks like.
“Now run your fingers down your throat, oh.” John sucks in a sharp breath as Sherlock trails his fingertips down the column of his neck, leaving his skin glistening. “Lower. Lovely, yes. I know how much you want to touch your nipples. Go ahead, darling.”
John looks at him over his shoulder. “Are we going down to Sussex this weekend then?”
John nods, stepping back. He pulls open the door and as Sherlock pauses on the threshold, peeking out into the corridor to make sure it’s all clear, John murmurs, “You should start thinking of an excuse.”
Instead he’s thinking of Sherlock.
“Kiss me, my perfect, perfect boy,” John gasps, leaning in and crushing their mouths together, feeling it build and build inside him.
John slides down, his lower half slipping off of Sherlock and sinks into the hot water with a splash. He rests his cheek against Sherlock’s belly, hands tucked beneath Sherlock’s ribs. He has a dreamy smile on his face and it makes Sherlock’s chest tight to see the pure and simple happiness of it.
“Feel good?” Sherlock asks, coy.
But awake he is, and bent over at the waist, rummaging for something inside the fridge, in the teeniest,
“Oh, all right.”
me.” Sherlock spits again and the sound is loud in John’s head, echoing the sharp slap of skin on skin, and John is so close, so close.
I gave him the facts. “It’s a ridiculous thing for a grown man to be doing.”
“It doesn’t sound daft. That’s toxic heterosexuality for you, right there.”
Sherlock pulls away, unwinding his arms from around John, and takes a step back. “I think this is a good place to stop and talk about the magnitude of what you just suggested.”
Simple.
“Him! I can’t look him in the eye without remembering what I was doing to him the night before in my head.”
“Just a little longer.”
John licks his lips.
“God yes.”
“The facts, Watson! Stick to the facts as I have set them out before you!” you exclaimed, clearly desperate for me to see.
“What would she have smelled like?” you asked, looking up at me, dappled in the shifting light from a wind-tossed tree filtering sunbeams through the open door at my back.
“It’s just a kiss, John, but maybe you're right, maybe it can make your heart burst.”
“Would you like to start in here?” John raises his eyebrows as Sherlock pushes up, half out of his seat to look around the car.
John follows Sherlock through the next car. People are chatting, children are whining, a man sleeps, his head jolting against the vibration of the window pane.
Sherlock bangs his head against the wall and moans, can’t help it any longer. Puts his hand on the back of John’s head once more, fingers flared wide through the short blonde strands, and guides his movement, pushing him up and down on his cock.
You pester the girl in the morgue until she becomes almost, almost, a friend.
“That was an impressive array of…er…gifts…that you bought for me. Have a lot of experience in this area do you?” John teases, feeling awkward and off balance and like he needs to fill the silence.
, Sherlock thinks, awed anew by its perfection.
“Please. Do it.” Hand fisted in his fringe, down on his forearms. He slides his knees wider, as wide as they will go on the seat, back bowed, presenting himself. He has no idea what he’s saying anymore. “Put it in. Just fuck me. I want you to. I want you to. Fuck me. Please.”
John’s chest aches.
“Yes.”
“We can’t do this,” John says, trying to ground himself. He hears, for the first time, Jenny’s high-pitched, worried whines. Hears Ian laughing at the front desk, just a few feet away.
Sherlock nodded his head towards the hives, blue against the background of white beech trunks. “When forager bees find a nectar or pollen source they return to the hive to let the other foragers know the location.” Sherlock pointed to Charlotte’s notebook. “May I?”
, he thinks, fiercely. Defiantly. As if Ella could see.
“Are you sure you don’t want it? We can have the one I gave you fixed later. I could wear that one…”
Harry hums, glaring daggers at him, and holds her hand out for the cup.
Circling.
Sherlock makes a broken noise in the back of his throat.
“I’m here aren’t I?”
“John, be quiet.”
2 defamation lawsuits brought against him by outraged families after photos were released of John’s relationships with high profile men. Both settled quietly, one financially.
“Fred.”
“I suppose,” John says, feeling wary of whatever Sherlock is about to say. He feels ill matched, as if he is playing a game against a superior opponent.
Sherlock sits up, crosslegged on the mattress, and draws John’s bare feet into his lap. John wiggles his toes and obligingly Sherlock tucks his thumbs into John’s arches and digs in.
“I want to do it for you.” His voice is thin, reedy. “Please.”
“Ah,” John gasps, as the head of his sleep-hard cock slips into the tight, sweat damp slit of Sherlock’s slim thighs.
Held it.
“I’m not a moron, John. You’ve been looking to sell for the past year. With Novarsky interested you can play their deal off against Qwest back in London.”
Sweet.
Pleasure builds beneath Sherlock’s skin, a pressure cresting through him, to string him out tight beneath John and John feels it, feels the tension in Sherlock’s body as he begins to clench around the tentacle dripping lubricant inside him.
Sherlock fiddled with the latch on the back pole of the tent as, behind him, Zoe plied a portly man with a white beard and bright green suspenders with a bit of melba toast piled high with snow white cheese, pink fig, and a drizzle of golden honey.
The thread has snapped.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow and John sighs, unbuttoning his shirt, and then, when Sherlock remains quiet, lips pressed resolutely together, removes his undershirt as well.
“I’d like that,” John says, smiling at him. His boy looks stunning in his tux. The ebony wool lying against the fine pallor of his skin. His hair perfectly tousled, the curls gleaming. There are the faintest brush strokes of rose painted across his high cheekbones. John feels desire pulse through him, hot and slow. He feels it throb in his cock, his belly, the tips of his ears.
When I emerged, I felt renewed. Food and cleanliness: the two things John had been urging on me for the last three days, but I had been stubbornly refusing. It could have all been easily avoided if I had just listened to him and taken care of those two most basic needs. Alas…
Slow.
John watches as come spurts, thick and white, out of Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock’s hand stroking it tight and slow, in time with John’s fingers.
“You held out your hand to me and said, ‘Get it wet,’ and I kissed your palm, letting the saliva spill out of my mouth, and then you reached down and wrapped it around your cock and groaned.”
His fingers tucking in, and in.
“Yes, I suppose I can’t keep shouting ‘go away’ every time she’s about to walk in on you buggering me.”
When their eyes meet after John has read what Sherlock wrote there’s a challenge in Sherlock’s gaze that John recognises as a distancing mechanism. If they are just fucking then they can’t be caring about each other. The risk, of going deeper into the connection they’re building, isn’t lost on John. They stand at a crossroads. They can either stall things emotionally until Moriarty is dealt with or they can truly commit to one another and raise the stakes of what could be lost if things went wrong.
He does it again. Canting his hips up so that Sherlock can see. Can see the dark spot at the tip, where his precome has soaked through. He fists his hand around the head, letting the fabric rub over the glans, rough and wet. John shudders.
I merely opened my mouth and let him use me.
“Will you hand me the oil?” John asks, and Sherlock reaches over to the table which is now pressed up against the very edge of the bed and tosses the bottle to him. As Sherlock turns his head he catches sight of John reflected in the window above him and it makes Sherlock smile to think of the eyeful someone might get if they so happened to look up as their train raced past.
Sherlock’s big warm hands on John’s back. Stroking.
Sherlock shifts on his feet, restless, his eyes swallowed by pupil.
Just as he’s rounding the second staircase that leads up to his room he feels his mobile buzz in his pocket, a burr against his thigh, vibrating against the tip of his burgeoning cock.
But John wouldn’t have it any other way either.
John cannot be soothed. His heart pounds; he breathes in short truncated bursts; his skin feels two sizes too small. His erection bobs between them, hovering just below Sherlock’s chin. It’s absurd how hard he is. Sherlock has barely even touched him.
“So they only eat pollen when they’re babies?”
to push
“Byrd House is really focused on the arts,” Penny said, taking a bite of a raspberry cheesecake bar. "They've attracted loads of queer kids."
“I know it’s fine, but that’s not—“
John turns his head, running his nose through Sherlock’s glossy curls.
“And then you found me beating a corpse,” I said, and he threw back his head and laughed harder.
There is a place you go to—reverent, focused—when a problem is before you. You go there now. You let everything else fade away.
John’s head dropped into his hands and his shoulders began to shake.
Nowhere, that is where.
“What about you?” John asks, “did you go home with that butch you were flirting with for hours?”
And scarred.
It happens quickly, two tentacles slide down Sherlock’s legs and pick him up and flip him, laying him out on the ground beside the salt water pool. The tile is cool against his feverish skin and he wriggles against it, his skin seething with pinpricks, as John moves over him, spreading Sherlock’s legs and holding him open.
“What? I mean, that’s basically what he just said.”
They went back and forth, trading wishes for the upcoming year. It had ended up devolving into giggles and wrestling and kisses and lovely orgasms for both and the idea for this night had been born out of that place of silliness and simple truths. But that’s what John loves about them. They’re more than a little ridiculous when they’re together and this idea, this idea to have John’s cock immortalised, for Sherlock to use when he needed release and John needed space, it’s silly and over the top and 100%
“I was hard all night,” you whispered as I molded my hands to your hips, your sheer white pajama bottoms, indecent, hanging on by a thread. One tug and I could have had them down to puddle around your ankles. “Watching her touch you.”
The back of John’s neck flushes with heat as he nods. “Four and a half, actually.”
The door snaps shut on Sherlock’s soft chuckle.
Sherlock regards him with blatant mutiny, and John watches Sherlock struggle against the urge to refuse, but he eventually masters it and reaches out for John’s hand and slowly stands.
“Just.”
“What happened? Did something—“
Christ.
John doesn’t rise to the bait—they have been through it well enough before, when Sherlock was dead; the fact that John sleeps with women, but falls in love with men is well established—but a hot feeling spreads throughout his entire body, rising to burn behind his eyes.
“John,” I said, unable to let him go even if I knew deep down that he would be better off. Have I said before that I am an irredeemably selfish bastard? No? Well I am. Add it to my list of faults. The ranks of which are legion.
“Bit cold,” John says and Sherlock nods, pulling the extra quilt he keeps at the base of his bed up and over John’s legs. That helps too. John feels himself relax a little more into the mattress.
“Open the door, Sherlock,” John says, and feels gratified when Sherlock has to visibly gather his wits about him in order to obey.
“I want it to quiet everything else, but you and me.”
Sherlock relents and air rushes into John's lungs, cold and quenching.
No violin. No high pitched screeching. No slap of bare feet wearing a hole in their sitting room rug.
“I guess it’s back to my lair,” Ani says, her sigh this time the sigh of the beleaguered employee.
“Does he disparage you, during sex?”
John’s own heart kicks hard, his blood roaring in his ears as he licks gently, slowly, so slowly, into Sherlock’s mouth. John moves his hands up to cradle Sherlock’s head between them as he kisses him deeper, letting Sherlock’s tongue push inside his mouth, eager, desperate. John starts to pull away, letting his mouth soften, closing it slowly, until they’re kissing sweetly once more.
“Really?” Charlotte’s whole body seized with excitement at this revelation. She clasped her hands to her chest and spun around to look at Ellen and Hayley. “I can come over?”
John doesn’t give him the response he's looking for, just levels him with a scathingly bored look. “You are nothing like Trevor.” He gestures to the door with his pen before returning his attention once more to the report before him on the desk. “Please, let Nicole know it’s your last day and she’ll make sure to forward your wages. Good bye, Sherlock.”
“Vaguely.”
Clarity. Sherlock’s face smoothes out. “As long as Mycroft isn’t invited.”
“Good?” He asks, once it’s fully seated.
Warmth spreads out through you, flushing you with arousal. It unfurls up your spine, a vine of sunlight twisting through you, it’s all the colours of dawn: grapefruit, goldenrod, saffron, peach. You sink your teeth into it, tear it open, and the juices run over, tart and sweet. You worry his bottom lip, just the same, to collect the softest of moans from his throat, to feel the way he swells and throbs with blood, the way he pushes into you, bringing your bodies together at last.
We passed down Avenue de l’Opéra as if in a dream. We were encased in our own bubble fueled by wine, love, and lust. All that I saw was him. And from the way he kept sneaking glances at me, the heat in his eyes prickling along the edges of my body, I knew he felt the same. I was lost to the feeling of him beside me. The corporeal fact that he was mine, that he belonged to me and I to him, it was heavy in my lungs and I felt my heart in my chest and his in his own beat in time. Is it blasphemous to say that we passed into Palais Garnier, beneath the gilt figures of Harmony and Poetry, and walked up the grand staircase, passed through the grand foyer and the rotonde, beneath the shining chandeliers, the countless works of art, that we passed through them all without a care, without a glance spared, that we were late, the guests were all seated, when we finally found the door to our private box, and, to the first stirring notes of Mendelssohn’s Octet in E-flat, fell against each other, against the locked door and into one of the most singular kisses of my life.
The ring slides onto John’s finger with ease, snugging down into the skin below his knuckle like it had always been there. Like it belonged there.
His grandfather’s house in Edinburgh.
He rolls it through the thin cotton of his vest and gasps as the feeling, just bordering on pain, strikes through him, bright.
Ani pulls a contemplative face, reassessing. “Actually, as a fellow fat woman, I think I’m ok with that.”
“I prefer it to the alternative.”
Ineffable.
“I know, but..”
It was outsized, the feeling that tore through me when compared to the ginger tenderness with which John used his mouth on me. He coddled and cradled me, so careful, the gift between his lips properly cherished. But I did not want cherishing. I wanted ravaging. I thrashed a bit, my fingers tangled up in the quilt, bunching it and smoothing it, my body trembling.
for John to
“I didn’t think so. You know what I think?”
Sherlock falls back into his seat, defeated, his eyes wild. “Why are you doing this? You have known me for a few months. We’ve been fucking for a week. You’re really willing to die for me?”
Sherlock fell back into his chair as, for the second time in a matter of minutes, his friend shut the door on him.
Sherlock bows his back and moans around the tentacle in his mouth as the sensation snaps sharply through him.
John moans.
Fucking hell.
“A mouse,” Sherlock repeats, drawing the word out. He knows that John is lying, but John finds that he doesn’t care. He should be making more of an effort, but he can't muster the energy. John's just had the best god damned orgasm of his life and he's not about to let Sherlock ruin it. The berk can learn to knock for God's sake. Let Sherlock draw his own conclusions; it would serve him right. In fact John would have loved to be there when Sherlock does. The look on his face when he realizes that John had been buggering himself with a piece of musical equipment just moments before he walked in, well, that would have been priceless.
“Oh, I don’t know,” Sherlock said, turning his head away from John’s blue gaze to watch Charlotte, who was now bent over the asters, her hands amongst the green stalks, searching for bees no doubt. “Sometimes if you don’t carry on about it, it just builds up inside you.”
“I want to give you what you need,” John gasps, breathless, helpless. Gasps. And gasps. Can’t get enough air. He feels too much at once, overwhelmed. Swamped, dragged down into his body.
“Stay.”
“Imagine the night we met.” John drops his voice, lets it grow deeper, rougher, as his lips hover beside Sherlock’s ear. “Imagine instead it was a first date. Imagine it was going well. Imagine me walking you home after dinner. And us pausing to say good night on the front stoop.
The glances were surreptitious. A quick Sherlockian scan to measure whether John was thinking of his old life and drawing any comparisons. Whether he was regretting his choice to stand by Sherlock.
“Sherlock.”
John is standing in front of the windows that face Central Park. The trees gleam lushly beneath the pearly streaks of rain, a rippling viridian sea. The back of John’s shirt is chilled from the air conditioner when Sherlock wraps his arms around him from behind. His skin prickles up, the hair on his arms and legs standing on end.
“I was tested three months ago,” you say, carefully. “I haven’t been with anyone since.”
John tips up onto his toes. Fingertips resting light against Sherlock’s stomach. Sherlock’s mouth opens above him. Petal soft lips parting for John’s tongue.
“Bugger off Lestrade!” Sherlock snaps.
“Mmm, yes, it has. I was away for some time, and then…” Sherlock eyes slide meaningfully down to John and the person smiles. Says, “
“And do you think that he would be upset if he knew about this?”
John squirts more lube into his palm.
As the train hurtles through the night, racing towards the future, Sherlock needs something to hold onto that feels solid, that feels sure, that isn’t going to be pulled out from under him.
What even was success when it came to beekeeping?
Propped up on his forearms John watches as Sherlock slicks up his hands with the oil.
“That’s horrible,” John says, horrified and disgusted. “Sherlock you know there’s nothing you did wrong. It’s perfectly…”
It was a gamble, John’s willing to admit. Sherlock’s never been one to share his feelings. Hell, neither has John. They’re both bollocks at it, but… John can’t let it go. He’s seen Harry relapse too many times to not worry. Sometimes it started out innocently enough, just a few cigarettes. Something to occupy her hands when she was out with friends so that she wouldn’t drink.
“We should go to Sussex for New Years,” John suggests, as Sherlock peppers wet kisses over his hips. Sherlock hums and it feels like butterflies rustling across his skin.
The future balanced on a fulcrum, ready to tip either way.
“When I’m at home, sometimes I like to take my time,” he starts. “I touch myself everywhere but my cock and see if I can bring myself off that way. Sometimes I like it hard and quick. I’ll take out my biggest dildo and stick it to the wall and bugger myself silly on it. When I just need to be fucked. Hard.”
More insistent beeping.
John inclines his head, acknowledging. “A few. Not all.”
“John.”
John walks over to him as Sherlock begins typing rapidly with his thumbs.
On the Tube, he kindles it, thinking of Sherlock saying, over and over, I trust you.
(See the end of the chapter for
John crosses to the window and opens it. The September night rushes in, breaking over him in an icy wave. John breathes it in. Lets it sting his mouth. His throat. His lungs.
“You’re angry.”
“Unlikely,” Zoe said acidly, all while smiling sunnily at a couple who were passing, craning their necks to look at their table. “Look how he’s treating his mother.”
The one person he couldn’t have, was the only one he wanted.
“Get up,” John says, controlling his voice as much as he can. Sherlock obeys him, standing on weak knees. There are deep red impressions in his skin and they make John senseless with rage. He slings Sherlock, pillowed in soft white down, into his arms and carries him into the bedroom where he lays the boy down carefully.
Ringing.
It’s…
Entering the kitchen he finds Sherlock, clad in pajama pants and a grey vest, at the hob with a pot of water boiling on one burner. A saute pan sits beside it, bits of chopped up bacon sizzling. There’s a package of fettuccine and a wedge of Parmesan sitting on the counter top. The table has been cleared and scrubbed.
“For last night. For this morning. Thank you for…understanding.”
John’s knees digging into the hard floorboards.
“Toby,” John whispered reverently, nuzzling his nose into the black and white fur. “What a perfect, perfect boy you are.”
“Kissing, John! Kissing!”
Teasing.
Held.
John positions his pillow beneath his elbows and backs himself up until he can feel the dildo drag against the inside of his thigh. His legs straddle the desk leg as he reaches back and positions the head against his entrance, holding it steady as he slicks it up with lube and then, rocks back…
Is there anything so perfect as a slow, soft kiss with the man you want to spend the rest of your life with? That wants to spend the rest of his life with you?
Sparks.
“Yes,” John pants, rocking back. “Yes, get me ready for you. Put those long gorgeous fingers in me. Pry me open for your big hard cock. Sherlock.”
I held his eyes with my own and drew in a deep breath.
John leans in and kisses Sherlock softly. Gently. Careful of his lips which have been well used.
“Well I did spend a rather unpleasant amount of time stuck in a skip this evening.”
John nods, holding onto Sherlock’s elbows as he speaks, holding him close.
“You do not have to.”
“You can take your pants off now.”
Sod the rest of it.
And I had seen that look in his eyes, that spark, when I had suggested it. I had heard that note of awe in his voice. He had wanted this scenario. The illicitness of it appealed, perhaps.
He stood for a moment in the stillness that followed their departure. The wind moved through the tops of the trees, rustling the leaves. Carrot, left behind, blinked up at him lazily from where he was sprawled out on the brick and yawned. There was a shadow skulking in the back of his mind, his father conjured like some sinister ghost. Sherlock tucked those memories away, banishing the chilly pall they brought with them, and turned to clear the tea tray away.
He turns to walk around the front of the car, but Sherlock stops him.
Hands groping. Grasping. John finally gets his hands on Sherlock’s pert little arse and squeezes and,
“I’m not finished yet,” Sherlock says, but he’s leaning forward all the same. John pushes up onto his elbows to meet him halfway.
“Go on then.” John’s eyes are closed, but he can feel Sherlock smile against his throat. He can’t resist the opportunity to show off.
“We really, really can’t,” John says, and steps back, steps away, closing up the placket of his jeans and putting space between them. “No,” John says, when Sherlock takes a staggering step towards him. “Sit down.” He points to the old slipcovered sofa that runs beneath the bank of windows.
The sounds John made then?
Sherlock scrunches up his nose in distaste and John laughs.
It drips down his thighs.
John obeys, spreading his knees on the mattress. The wood is smooth and chilled against his palms. The warmth from the room washes over him in counterpoint, supple waves of heat on his flushed skin.
The back door banged open before John could answer.
, and repocketed his phone. Laying aside his shovel, he went to sit on his front porch steps as John made his way up the drive.
“I have a few things I’d like to check in with you about,” John says, swallowing. “I’m sure you do as well?”
The next thing you knew he’d be lighting candles to set the mood or some other such poncy nonsense.
“The right time?!” Allison exclaims, shaking her head. “Men! As if we wouldn’t all be absolutely thrilled you two had finally stopped dancing about each other and finally got on with it! We are, you know, thrilled for you both. If you’ll allow it, Marta and I would love to put together a little shower or—”
Sherlock’s gaze is dissecting, trying to pry answers from John.
“You flag cabs when I’m struggling,” he began, speaking softly, his lips moving against my cheek. I could feel the warm tickle of his breath, and the prick of his stubble. “When my shoulder’s aching. When my leg’s being a bastard. When I’m so hungry I think I might faint. Without fail you flag a cab and either take me straight home or to the nearest kebab place. I never have to say a word.”
As John drags his electric, neon purple, spitting, sparkling, spark-plug tongue over every inch of Sherlock’s trembling dissintegrating body.
Sherlock lifted his soapy hands out of the water and patted Zoe’s back.
Sherlock is in the kitchen when John comes down from getting dressed.
At last he tipped his head back, his hand positioned, and his gaze hit me like a blow.
“I just want you to recognise the gravity of what you’re asking me to do. This, trusting you, letting you in, it goes against everything I know about humanity.”
“Will you be touching me too?”
Sherlock chuckled and shook his head. “Thank you, but it’s ok. Really.”
As the sweetness of the music filled his chest, he closed his eyes and let himself sway a bit in his chair, conducting with his chin and shoulders. The heat from the fire slowly warmed the room around him and released the scent of beeswax and the resin from the bare pine wood walls. He breathed in the soothing, familiar smells and marvelled at how easily it was to fall back into old habits. How simply he could take up the mantle of hating himself. How natural it felt. A relief, almost.
Inside, the car smells of expensive leather. The seat is cold so he turns up the heat on the seat warmer.
John has a quick rummage through his duffle and sets down a bottle of oil and an accordion strip of condoms on the small table, before handing up one of the compartment’s complimentary water bottles to Sherlock, who takes it and uncaps it quickly, taking deep draughts as John folds the seats away into the wall and unlatches the hideaway bed above it, making sure it’s locked securely in place before turning back to Sherlock.
Noor studied him skeptically for a moment. “I thought you were a Langstroth beekeeper. Don’t you sell at the markets?”
The music is a thick bass throb in John’s ears, mirroring the beat of his heart in his chest.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, impertinent as ever. “Yes, obviously.” But he sobers quickly, eyes searching John’s, serious. “You don’t play the way they play.” He pauses and John nods, encouraging him to go on, but Sherlock just shakes his head and narrows his eyes a little, as if he can’t quite figure it out. “You’re different.”
Sherlock hands him the carton and sits forward.
Ever yours,
“Boys, what have you done with my icing?”
I ran.
“I’m really not.”
“That’s ok,” Sherlock said, his heart doing a funny sort of flip inside his chest.
“All right,” he says slowly. “But first I need the loo.”
“So very good for me, Sherlock. What can I do for you, to show how proud I am of you?”
His hands tangle in your hair, his mouth hungry on yours as you push at his hips, elbows trapped in your half-removed shirt, manoeuvring him backwards, down the hall, towards your room. He allows himself to be handled.
But I had further plans for him that morning and I didn’t want him to spend quite yet.
A sleepy eyed Nora serves them coffee just before the captain announces take off. They climb into the lightening sky, the Atlantic glittering below them.
“Dr. Lee says that all this time I’ve been believing that I chose to see love as human error because of my parents, but he pointed out that I also have an example of true love in my family as well. I want you to wear it. My grandmother could never show anyone who she loved, but I can. I want to honour her and Anne.”
“If I. If.” He struggles. Jaw clenched. Looking down. Hands turning his beret in his hands. Around and around. You stand in front of him, wrapped in blue silk. Your mouth tastes like ash and you long for a cigarette. For something to do with your hands. For something, anything, to cut the pain in your chest. Sweat springs up, sticks the silk to you. The heat of the day already pressing like embers into your cheeks. The smell of your body spiking the air with salt.
“Are you hungry? Tired?”
“I…” John falls momentarily silent as Sherlock cups each cheek and pulls them apart. The words leave John in a rush, “Your hands. Your hands on that bloody microscope and then I couldn’t stop thinking about you putting them inside me. How you would be able to reach where I couldn’t. I—“
God, it feels good.
“You were chattering away about some Russian or other and—“ I opened my mouth in outrage, about to protest at ‘some Russian’, but promptly shut it when I saw the look in John’s eye. “—And you were actually eating the scones Mrs.Hudson had made for your tea and…” He paused here to take a deep breath. “And it very nearly broke my heart in half to see it.”
and slides it
“How could he force you to do that?” John asks, his stomach diving sickeningly.
John turns and walks over to Sherlock.
Kind blue eyes gazed back at him. Sherlock’s throat felt tight and hot with gratitude, his tongue thick and mute inside his mouth.
Tomorrow is the first of October.
“We could make it work, don’t you think?”
A flutter of his eyelashes.
“Shhh.”
Christ, it feels incredible. The heel of Sherlock’s palm digging in, his long fingers cupping his shaft. John’s cock throbs and thickens under his hand.
The feeling is exquisite.
John kisses him softly, without the frenzy of before. Strokes his open hand down Sherlock’s waist and rests it there, unhurried.
“Come here, Sherlock.”
“Shut up.”
demonstration.”
“Can I make a suggestion?”
Sherlock’s drops his head, resting his forehead against John’s.
to give
“Is it always like that?” Sherlock murmurs into John’s hair some indeterminate amount of time later.
, John thinks, feeling mildly panicked.
I hurried toward him, air filling my lungs. I hadn’t fully noticed how afraid I was until right then. How afraid I had been that he wouldn’t be here, that my homing instinct had ceased to function, but here, here he was, and I was nearly sick again from the relief of it.
There would be time enough for all that. For now there were notes to make, on wings and autumn blossoms and gold arrayed at the foot of his hives.
I gripped my wine glass and, hand trembling, raised it to my lips.
“Hmmm?” John asks, passing his hand over the midnight taffeta mass of his hair.
“Yes to tea, or? Yes to—?”
He tasted, as I have said, of everything that is good and right in the world.
Light the bloody candles. Warm up the lube. John Watson has a date with a drumstick.
“You’ll lose your inheritance and I’ll lose my job, my livelihood, everything. The stakes are way too high.”
Can’t help it.
“Thank you,” John murmurs, grateful for his honesty. Sherlock presses himself back into John’s touch. “You’re welcome, sir.”
The scowl only intensifies as Nancy, perky in her red heels, tan trench, and platinum page boy, hops off the pavement and trots across the street to the Tube station.
, his mind reminds him, admonishing.
He runs his thumb through an ice cream trail and spreads it in a circle around the outside of Sherlock’s hole. Rubbing it into the coarse sparse springy hair before he leans forward to lick it clean.
The shivering incandescent feeling coalesces there and John can feel himself grow thicker, throbbing in Sherlock’s hands.
“I bought it the day after I met you,” I whispered.
“Give it here.” John reaches for it.
“You’re so hard for me,” he says, voice low and awestruck.
Sherlock disappears.
of his brain.
John kisses the laugh from his lips. The taste of Sherlock still hot on his tongue.
Or about that day in Bart’s with Stamford your unwitting ally, giving you one last chance. And over the months that followed, you wooing him with thrill and danger and trust and reminding him reminding him reminding him who he was? Will he tell her about the morning in July when he came down the stairs at Baker Street and kissed you, so so softly, hello?
“Evan asked me to help with their murder investigation.”
More meetings fill the morning. John can tell that Irene is frustrated with him, unable to pin him down on which way he’s leaning, but John doesn’t care. On paper everything looks perfect. On paper this merger makes fiscal sense. On paper this deal will give him enough money to retire at the age of 35. More importantly it will give him a chance to live the life he’d wanted for himself instead of taking over his father’s path. But it was exactly the jarring perfection of it that was giving John a sense of unease and making him look closer. His team back home was poring over the audit and commissioning their own. There was something wrong at Novarsky, Inc. John just needed to find the evidence that would confirm it.
I was out having a morning swim and who should be sitting on shore when I exited the sea, but my two favorite companions in all this world. You kissed me and I dripped seawater onto your white shirt and your eyes were like opals in the sunshine and your hair was tousled by the wind and you were simply breathtaking. I wanted you, as I ever do, each and every time I see you. Something stirs in me and I feel you rising in me. I was leaving salty fingerprints all over your skin and you tasted sweetly, of milky sugared tea, and I would have pulled you down with me into the sand, but you pushed me away and you were laughing and there was still sleep caught in the corners of your eyes and instead I squeezed your ankles, which smelled of the crushed grass and wild flowers you had just walked through, and I watched you and Toby saunter off down the beach. Your jeans were rolled up and you were barefoot so that you could enjoy the waves breaking on the shore. Toby was leaping in the surf, mouthing at the churning bubbles, and I felt so full of gratitude it ached a bit.
Sherlock woke to a thick, dull pain pressing behind his eyes.
It is not an excuse, merely an…an explanation.
Noor slid her gaze briefly to Tom and, deciding that he wasn’t worth it, drew it along the circle.
he wanted to shout at her, but he dug his fingernails into the table top instead, his heart shoved up into his windpipe, choking off air and speech.
They find Brack’s wife in the next room. Another sitting room, equally resplendent. Mary Fraser is a pretty Australian girl of just eighteen, blonde, blue-eyed, with a painful looking bump darkening on the crest of her forehead. She’s wrapped in one of the hotel’s fluffy white bathrobes. A lab technician is folding a blue and silver silk nightgown, the hem of one side steeped in blood, into a plastic evidence bag as they enter.
Sherlock’s hands are still caught in his cuffs. He unbuttons them as he walks towards his room, studying John over his shoulder.
He’s turning red again, stammering and clearly uncomfortable, and it’s unbearable, so you kiss him to shut him up.
John scrunches up his nose.
“Anything?” John asks, folding
“You think there might be some things that were left in the attic for me. Perfect.”
“But—“
Bobs forward until Sherlock’s cock blocks his airflow, until it smarts, stings, makes John’s back prickle all over, his chest burning. All while Sherlock leaks all over the inside of his cheeks, leaving the taste of himself imprinted on John’s senses.
“Well, how about I make you dinner this weekend then? It won’t be as quiet and pleasant as a drink down the pub, but I make a mean spag bol.”
John wants to hide, wants to bury his face in the pillow and get away from the way Sherlock is looking at him, like he cannot understand John at all. “Unfortunately.” He pulls at the ties, the brief tension in his muscles releasing some of the stress building up inside him.
All day long it rests against John’s right foot. Rattling each time John accidentally kicks it. It’s a constant reminder. A torture. A tease.
“Imagine me stepping in close, and pressing a kiss just…” John teases his breath over Sherlock’s jaw. “…here.”
John reaches down and takes himself in hand, stroking in time to Sherlock’s incoherent, cock-muffled moaning. He’s hot and heavy and thick and John isn’t sure he’s ever been this hard.
“I don’t really care one way or the other. I don’t know him. He doesn’t know me. He was a vague presence in my life. I don’t know why I must now put on this charade where I pretend to be devastated that he is ill. I’ve spoken more frequently with his nurses over the last year than I have with him.”
Long.
cleave
Sherlock was out of his seat before he could talk himself out of it. He knelt on the floor in front of John and looked up at him.
“You don’t have to be sorry. Just…can you explain it more? What it would look like?”
“Sherlock,” John says, quiet, but firm, “press pause.”
That quick double tap of his knuckles and then, when he got no reply, pushing the door open and…
Sherlock opened his eyes at this. “How…?”
Your heartbeat settles between your legs, hot in your belly, a steady liquid pulse.
“Cattulus,” I answered, laying the book down on our tattered patchwork picnic blanket which smelled faintly of camphor and pine to better take in the salient details of his line of inquiry:
At where two drops of precome quiver, shining, on his stomach and he swallows thickly, meeting the dark heat of John’s gaze.
John: capsized on the rolling sea of Sherlock’s body. Sprawled on top of Sherlock, his cheek pressed between his shoulders blades as his ribs heave beneath him, his heart a wave breaking in a hushed roar beneath John’s ear.
Ellen beamed at him. “Sherlock, that’s wonderful.”
The barrel of a gun pressed into my side, as she steered me out of the ballroom, your eyes meeting mine in the mirror just before we exited the room, weaving through the crowd to follow.
“I can see how being in relationship with this family is restoring something to you that wasn’t given to you by your own family. That can be really powerful. I know it’s natural to want to isolate when you’re feeling down, but I think you’ve just pointed out a very important tool in your kit: connection. Do you feel that you’ll be able to reach out again to these friends in the coming weeks?”
The spell is broken when Sherlock’s stomach growls and he asks John to fix him a croissant. John feels drowsy when he steps out into the cool air of the kitchen, awash in oxytocin, but he shoos Sherlock to the sitting room and fixes a tray, coffee and croissants with jam for the both of them. He sets it between them on the sofa and Sherlock, stretching out one long arm to take up a croissant, moans as he takes his first bite.
A comfortable silence settled over them as John finished with the casserole dish and handed it to Sherlock. A stack of dinner plates and the silverware remained. John set the stack in the water to soak for a minute as he craned his neck to look at something outside. A second later Sherlock saw Charlotte dash into view, the sequins on her backpack sparking in the light from the barn, the two goats, Kit and Topples, leaping about erratically at her heels.
Could you get a hangover from emotions?
“Yeah. Yeah. I want it. I want it.”
It’s a fair approximation of a man propositioning his boyfriend for some inventive car sex.
The other is content to flicker around Sherlock’s stretched rim, soaking it in lube and easing the stretch for it’s friend.
“Who’s that?” Sherlock asks, hanging his coat on a hook in the mudroom wall.
Sherlock grins. “Isn’t it wonderful?”
“Oh, you’re close again aren’t you?” John murmurs, marvelling once more at Sherlock’s non-existent refractionary period. They hadn’t had sex since Sussex. Wanting to wait for tonight, to ring in the new year right. John can feel it in the tight stones of Sherlock’s bollocks drawn up against his body and the heartbeat drumming at the base of his cock. “You could come like this, getting fucked on both ends, without me even having to touch this lovely hard cock couldn’t you?”
“I thought I would,” Sherlock says, between John’s ardent interruptions, “watch and—“
“Sherlock…”
“He wouldn’t want…” John finds it difficult to contemplate, let alone voice his fear.
Him with the dark dazzle of his blue eyes and his buttery skin and his carefully concealed fury. Him with his secret slanted smile and soft knowing touches. His sweet, coaxing kisses. His earnest exclamations over your freckles.
“Yes, you do,” Sherlock insists. “The day you moved in you were eating one, green I think, but it’s the yellow ones you’re partial to.” John listens, feeling the familiar feeling of awe he gets when Sherlock is deducing something about John that even John himself is not aware of, fuzzing his brain. “I’ve studied your patterns for years now, John. For instance, you really can’t stand the Red Delicious. And you absolutely detest the Fiji.”
“I don’t have need of it anymore,” I said, ripping out a sheaf of blank pages from the back and beginning to crush them between my palms before lining the bottom of the grate with them.
“God, you gorgeous thing. I want to
“Today, midnight.”
“Sherlock…” he growled.
The tentacle pulses, secreting more thick juices, and Sherlock swallows, tightening around it as it strokes over Sherlock’s tongue.
“What else? What other sources of support can you tap while you’re going through this?”
John blinks at him.
“Did I do it wrong?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Watches, grinning, brimming, heart humming, skin singing, as Sherlock’s eyes fix on it.
To come inside.
They shower.
“Sherlock,” the man says in subtlety accented English, smiling fondly. “Welcome back.”
Sherlock nods, grim. “I haven’t been able to make them, but if I know M then he’s keeping very close tabs on me.” Sherlock grimaces. “And you.”
Sherlock holds his hand up.
John works two fingers into him, sucking messily at Sherlock’s straining rim as he fingers the satin passage of his body, thrusting in and out and just barely skimming the spot where Sherlock wants him most.
“G’ morning,” he says, the sound of stone splitting open.
“My father told me that Anne and my grandmother were married in all but the law. And he became quite agitated when Mycroft tried to stop him from opening the safe in his room. They exchanged words and soon Mycroft was put in his place and my father retrieved this box from inside.
closer still.
John can’t see a thing. He’s mapping Sherlock by feel alone.
“Sherlock,” I breathed, your skin sliding slick and warm beneath my fingertips. I spread my fingers into your folds, dipping down where you were dripping wet into my palm. I thumbed over where you were hard and you moaned into my mouth, pushing down onto my hand. I dipped two fingers just inside and felt your walls clench and spasm around me, as I rubbed you in small constant circles up above. You kissed me frantically, your hands gripping the back of my head and I felt the moment you came in a silent cry a few seconds later, your forehead digging into mine.
John likes the way Sherlock slides down his thighs to press against him. Likes the way they fit together, snug and perfect. Likes the way his lips glide against John’s, slick and soft at first, and then incrementally harder as he pushes his tongue into John’s mouth.
John’s throat grows tight. A stone lodged in his windpipe. He tries to swallow around it.
think
“All right. All right,” Sherlock says, “Relax, John. Breathe.”
John runs his hands over Sherlock’s back, trying to comfort him.
Surprised.
“Pig’s knuckles.” He straightens up. “But I thought you said…”
The sight of him had filled John with equal parts rage and gratitude. The fist around his heart opened and there, there, was his blood. There were his limbs. His skin. It hurt. It smarted and burned. Made him want the numbness back.
John’s heart drums harder and harder. Faster and faster.
His index finger, blunt, lightly calloused, the rough whorls and ridges imprinting on my slapped and smarting skin, tipped my chin up.
“It’s absurd really.”
“Again,” Sherlock says quietly.
“Sit with it?” John repeats, incredulous. “That’s all you’ve got for me? I’ve just told you that I’m in love with my best friend and that I’m fantasizing about having sex with him and all you can suggest is that I ‘
John leans in, bracing his hands on Sherlock’s knees, and Sherlock nods again, pulling in a long, shallow breath.
“Sherlock.” His right hand came up and gripped my hair. His heels sliding around to the backs of my thighs, digging in. I nipped him lightly and felt him shudder.
“Zoe doesn’t have much patience for men in general, but especially not men who act helpless and innocent when confronted with the shortcomings of how they’ve been socialized to exist in the world.”
Both of their faces soften instantly.
“What you get out of this. What.” I stopped. Tried again. “What you see in me. I—“
He bears down.
Sherlock sat down at his desk, his notebook open before him to a blank page.
“Why?”
Feels: pressure.
John takes his heavy so heavy heavy with this thrumming so alive with wanting with this this this longing, cock in his hand and pushes the thick red blossoming red head inside.
There was no way to control it, he thought, looking out over the stream and the magenta clutch of asters on the far green bank.
"Are you going to tell me how you figured it out?" John asks, rubbing the pad of his thumb over Sherlock's bottom lip. It catches. Sherlock's tongue darts out, slicking the way, and when his lips part, John slides it inside.
John shakes his head. Drags his tongue across the pink pink seam of his lips. Wet. “It’s just.” Smiling. The wind returns to rifle through his fringe once more, sweeping it over his forehead a bit. Making him look a bit boyish, a bit rakish, and more than a bit delicious. I watch, rapt, as John drops his hand down between us. “There’s a bit of rather friendly nudging going on over here.” Murmured low, and oh, look at how his eyes grow dark. My heart skips a bit as John’s hand trails over the—yes, he’s right, I am half hard—slight bulge in the front of my trousers.
Bugger.
“Go back to sleep you berk,” he mumbles, turning over onto his stomach and sliding his arms beneath his pillow.
John points his finger at Sherlock, keeps his eyes trained on his face. Ignores what’s going on below. “You’re being coy. You flirting with me right now won’t work. And you can go ahead and stop stroking your big cock too, because as of right now, I’m immune.”
It can only be revelled in.
John chuckles.
He stripped his mattress and gathered the sheets into his arms, still warm from his body. The stale, sweet, musky scent tickled the back of his nose. They went into the hamper and the pillow cases were next. The towels from his bathroom, from the kitchen, stained with coffee grounds, turmeric, raspberry jam; he stuffed them all into the washer, shivering in his pants, before putting the coffee on and running up the stairs to the shower.
Fuckfuckfuckfuck.
Below him Sherlock is moving.
You rolled your eyes as if I was simple. When you spoke you enunciated each word. “You’re educated. Served in the war as a…” You paused a moment before pronouncing with uncanny accuracy, “…a surgical nurse. I suspect only your sex held you back from becoming a surgeon yourself. You’re overqualified to be a housekeeper. Therefore, Miss. Watson, I would like to know why you are here.”
Sherlock glides between his legs, thick and hard.
The smirk, this time, is entirely welcome.
“Yeah. They took a few pieces of jewelry. Witness says that there were three of them.”
“We’re engaged.”
And none of it had mattered.
He inches his fingers down the bed until he finds Sherlock’s wrist. He grips it. He tugs.
“And were you alone?” This is the point John is unclear on. He knows that Sherlock didn’t have relationships, but now that John has seen
“All right,” Sherlock says. Nodding. Pulling back. “All right.”
By some miracle, the eggs don’t burn.
(See the end of the chapter for
“He doesn’t like to lose. Even a pet that runs away must be taught a lesson. Especially a pet who knows as much as I do. He will come for me and when he does he will burn everything I care about to the ground. He has promised me that much.”
“Yes.”
“I don’t mind,” John says, the back of his own throat suddenly hot.
About the width of two knuckles.
“You gave me a marvellous gift last night, Sherlock,” John says, as he sets his lips to Sherlock’s ear. Sherlock trembles against him, feeling a surge of heat flood down his body, thinking of how open he had been, how ridiculously, shamefully honest he had been. “My sweet boy, my perfect boy, I’m so grateful and honoured and I want to show you that I was listening. Will you let me?”
“It’s your turn next. What do you want me to do to you?” Leopard growl, leopard eyes, dangerous and low.
John looks at Sherlock.
“That’s what you wanted didn’t you? That’s part of the thrill? You wanted me to find your little toy. You wanted me to see how naughty you are. You wanted the chance that someone would walk in and see me taking you. You play the part of the sociopath so well, but oh, if they were here they’d see how good you are for me,” John says. “How loose and hot you are for me, how you open up for me to push—” Two fingers pressing against Sherlock’s hole, which opens, opens, “—right in.”
It goes on for months this way. A conversation taking place in fragments and across time and continents. Tiny intimacies kept in your breast pocket. Him there, close to your heart.
My face did something complicated at those words. My face always does something when you bring up the two years we spent apart. Me, as a widow, you, as a fugitive. I was sitting there on a folding chair, starkers, and my thighs were sticking to the leather seat cushion, my feet were pressed to the icy concrete, my hands curled around my knees, my cock hard and leaking against my stomach, and my face was doing a complicated thing.
John watches as the drop rolls down the lush swell, heading for Sherlock’s thigh, and, without thinking too much about it, John leans forward to catch it with his tongue.
“Jesus, John,” Sherlock curses. “How else can I show you I am?”
“G’ night,” John murmurs, his eyes heavy, his body pleasantly satisfied. The last thing he feels as he drifts off is Sherlock’s hand settling on top of his where it lies against the mattress between them beneath the covers.
“Tell me then.”
“It’s where you try to draw out orgasm as long as you can.”
“Look. I’m going to pack a bag. I’ll stay with Harry. Just.” John presses his hands together. In supplication. He would beg. Anything to wipe the pained expression of utter confusion off Sherlock’s face. “Don’t worry all right? This isn’t about you. You didn’t do anything wrong, ok? It will sort itself. I just need some time.”
Smoke did two things to calm and sedate the bees. Bees communicated with one another in two primary ways: “dancing”, a series of patterned movements, and smell. When guard bees believed the hive to be under threat they released pheromones warning the other bees that something was wrong. This pheromone was so strong that it could mark the beekeeper as he worked in other hives as well, singling him out as an intruder. Smoke masked this pheromone so that the alarm couldn’t be spread. Smoke also made the bees think that their hive was in danger of being destroyed by fire. In preparation to abandon their home the bees would eat as much honey as they could to sustain them until they could establish a new hive. Engorged, their bodies became too full to assume the position to sting and became lethargic, as someone after eating a large meal. It made it possible for him to open the bee hives and remove the frames without getting stung or marked as the enemy.
He hears the shush of Sherlock’s bare feet against the tile and the creak of the toilet seat as he sits down. Then the sound of a spoon scraping against a cardboard rim.
John shakes his head, grinning helplessly.
“Hi,” Sherlock says softly, brushing the tips of their noses together, letting their lips just skim across each other in a tease of breath and soft supple skin.
And when he draws it out of the box, the heavy length of it held reverently in the palm of his hand, John makes one of his own.
“If you want this to last longer than five seconds, then that was necessary,” Sherlock says, his hair falling in his eyes. John runs his hands over the slopes of Sherlock’s shoulders, thumbing over the black beauty marks that dot his pecs and biceps on the way down. His heart is pounding in his chest and he’s hard, really hard. He looks down between them and confirms it, the head has pushed its way out of his foreskin, blood pulsing at the tops of his thighs.
John’s body is heavy, his blood pulsing in his balls, in his cock. He can feel the pressure of his bladder making it worse. Intensifying things in an urgent way that borders on painful.
before John’s brain can even catch up. The gathering heat at the base of his spine and the way it radiates out through his limbs until he’s saturated with it, limbs heavy with longing. John’s cock twitches in his pants and he brushes up the swelling curve with his thumb, mindful of the cabbie on the other side of the partition. He has time. 20 minutes on the A40 without traffic from Baker Street to Bart’s. John lets his knees fall wider. Licks his lips.
Open.
“This,” I said, stroking my hand down his back, utterly content.
John shakes his head, running his hand down the outside of Sherlock’s thigh and then back up. “I like both of those things too. I just want you to take your pleasure seriously, Sherlock. I don’t want you to put mine above yours.”
, the sound Sherlock makes.
If autumn was finally here that meant that the bee’s year was coming to an end. September fading into October, the days were growing shorter and the weather cooler. Michaelmas had just passed, with the equinox not far behind it, and the purple asters that Sherlock had planted two years before were in bloom, along with the goldenrod and ivy, providing the last major nectar flow for his bees who would be shoring up their stores of honey for the winter. It was time for Sherlock to help them batten down and ready them for the cold months ahead.
“They’ll say that I have the best boy in all the world.”
Silver mist soaks the air, glittering like dust motes through a ray of sunshine.
“Not much of a people person myself,” John said, bringing a bite of lettuce to his lips and holding it there for a moment. “You smiled a second ago though, care to share what amused you?”
He ends up having to kneel up to retrieve it and John enjoys the view, the ice cream melting cool and sweet on his tongue. He’s admiring the elegance of Sherlock’s back, the line of his spine, the folded wings of his shoulder blades, the freckles dotting his ribcage, the dimples just above his arse, when he hears a splash.
Working John open.
“Can’t exactly watch me through the rearview,” John agrees, nodding. It’s what they had said before. Outside the clinic. They’re starting over. John rubs his fingertips over his lips. His heart thumping hard in his chest.
The brown postal box full of sex toys.
through the short hairs and then...
The worst thing had happened.
“Then take it.”
Again.
John’s heart, a fist knocking against the cage of his ribs.
Sherlock creeps forward as John sits down in his seat. Sherlock had lowered it so that he would have more room to work and he needs to reach John before he fiddles with the controls to try and raise it. Just as John reaches down Sherlock wraps his hand around John’s ankle, making him push back from the table in surprise. Sherlock holds him firmly in place so that he can’t roll away and peers up at him, holding a finger to his lips in supplication.
.” It jolts John back to reality for a moment and he wraps his hand around Sherlock’s wrist, tugging weakly, ineffectually.
John rubs the pad of his thumb over his left eyebrow. Against the grain. Smooths it back. Says, “You never said anything. I never knew how you felt. I took that list and it helped me accept the fact that I loved you. That I
John checks the hall and living room closets, but finds no duvet, only a scratchy afghan. He wonders where else Mrs. Hudson could have stashed it. Returning to the kitchen he finds Sherlock standing at the counter, the toaster’s tines glowing bright red in front of him, staring out the window. It’s started to rain again, water tracking down the glass in thin rivulets.
“I do.” He doesn’t—can’t—meet John’s gaze.
“There are six days until Christmas Eve,” Sherlock says, nodding his head. “I propose we each pick out three things we’d like to try.”
Without receiving the command, Sherlock opens his mouth and John, gripping himself, slides right in.
His skin gleams, glossy and wet and
He sits up again slowly, John’s lips still tingling from his touch.
Ellen, her freckled cheeks rosy and her short strawberry blonde hair finger mussed, walked past him to fetch another cheese cooler from the back of her truck, grinning madly.
As an indigo twilight begins to subsume the valley they pick their way back down the darkening path to the gondola. There is a small crowd waiting to board, hikers exhausted and wanting to reach the bottom before nightfall. Adrenaline surges through John as they join the line, now surrounded by strangers. Unable to keep tabs on them all, John steers Sherlock to the back of the line, putting a little distance between them and the knot of people.
Tastes: bitter silicone. Smells: acrid lube and his own sex soaked fug of musk and sweat. Touches: the raised spines of the faux veins running up and down the hard dick in his hand.
The right corner of John’s mouth, hooks up, helpless, calm flooding through him.
John stills. Pulls back a little to meet his eyes.
“Daddy!” Charlotte said, leaping out of her chair. “Daddy, guess what?” Her eyes were bright and her face was wiggling wildly, her eyebrows and mouth and nose twitching in excitement.
John holds up a hand. He’s reached his limit. “All right.”
“Our lives are at stake. I understand.”
“My friends, Zoe and Ellen. I’ve been sharing some of the things I’ve been going through with them.”
John pulls back, settling his head back on the pillow. “Of course. Why?”
, and
“No to what, John?”
Not unless it suits the purpose of some crime. Those hard and tangled roots beneath the surface of murder and mayhem that need to be unearthed to provide motive.
Curls, glossed with cold morning air, tumble against the back of John’s neck.
You are sober sober sober and you are
Both Bach pieces and both played by Hilary Hahn:
Two slick fingers as they slide inside you, the ridiculous wet squelch of it, the sound of your heels grappling on the sheets, your hands shunting restless over his skin?
You’re thirty-five when you whisper, “I love you,” for the first time into the soft silvering vee of hair tapering at the nape of his neck. All of the big sentimental silly cliche feelings you’ve been denying redacted no longer.
Sherlock laughs. Giddy. Kiss drunk. His thumbs smoothing over John’s cheeks.
It’s them.
“We don’t have to do anything while we’re working, but John, we’ll be living together. In the manse.” Sherlock raises his eyebrows. “Are you telling me that even during our free time we can’t do as we like?”
Down.
, into his open mouth.
“I want.” Sherlock is gasping for air.
“The name of her lipstick was, get this, Poison Apple!”
who created a lovely cover, and to
“What do you—“
“When would you like to begin, Sherlock?”
“Your fish will keep,” Allison says, looking pointedly at the bag in John’s hand before arching one eyebrow at him. “This patient won’t. He’s asked for you specifically.”
“I think I was here…” Sherlock licks at John’s lips. Long, languid glides that make John melt, his body flowing down to meet Sherlock’s. Their legs tangle and twine. The sole of Sherlock’s foot resting against the back of John’s calf.
“Well, that’s a lot of pressure on John isn’t it?”
You both make a face when you pull away.
Sherlock pulls away, blinking at him like an idiot. “Happy?”
I fisted my hands at my sides and grit my teeth.
“I didn’t know,” John says, his lips tucked against Sherlock’s ear. “I didn’t know it was like that for you too. When you were gone.”
Sherlock nodded, parting his lips just the slightest bit as John’s bottom lip nestled in between. John’s nose nudged alongside Sherlock’s, one hand cupping the back of Sherlock’s head.
John falls and falls. He doesn’t think he will ever land.
He thinks about the intimacy of being able to brush your teeth in the nude while your lover uses the loo.
,” he exhales shakily, crooking one arm over his eyes to hide from, what must be, the purely ravenous way you are devouring him with your gaze. His breath quickens, tripping, skipping; his cheeks are stained to scarlet beneath his elbow.
The drive back to his house was one of consternation and contemplation. He stood for a moment in his driveway wondering if he was in any fit state to go to dinner, but decided against it, largely due to guilt. He had to work with Zoe and Ellen all morning tomorrow at the Sussex Farmer’s Market and he didn’t want to have shirked the responsibility they had very clearly laid at his feet. He couldn’t afford to be in the Edicott’s bad graces, nor did he want to disappoint them. He respected Zoe and Ellen and trusted them to tell him when he was in the wrong. That was what was so vexing about this.
“John. I’ve spent the better part of the afternoon setting up this little love nest for us. It’s our last night together before we both head our separate ways to spend Christmas Eve with our families, neither of whom we are particularly fond, and which I am, for the record, vehemently against.”
, John wants to push up, shove inside, and fuck that pretty mouth until he’s spilling down Sherlock’s long white throat.
John drops to his knees and pulls out his mobile. The screen momentarily blinds him and he blinks away the white spots. Pointing it up, Sherlock is painted in the eery undulations of blue light as John turns the dial to seven.
There is a vivacity to him that John has only witnessed in works of great art. He was made to be sculpted, drawn, seen, admired. His chiseled features and his skin that drinks moonlight, his ethereal eyes and his body’s graceful lines. He has always seemed otherworldly, untouchable. Complete unto himself.
Inside, John is shoved up against the mirrored wall almost instantly. With a thigh pressed between his legs and caged in by two strong arms, he’s pinned.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock said, feeling instantly guilty. There was a more diplomatic way to put it and he should have tried to find it before he’d just gone and blurted it out like an accusation. “I shouldn’t have said it like—“
He would let John lead, he decided eventually. He was interested in exploring something more with John, but he wasn't going to push it. He wanted John to feel comfortable and to set the pace. At peace with this, Sherlock made his way inside.
day of the week)
, he can hear Harry snipe inside his mind) They wear no makeup and their black hair is artfully disheveled, one side shaved, the other swept back from their brow, the tips frosted white. They smell of expensive perfume, like leather and lilies, and their lacquered nails, painted ebony and cut short, gleam wetly in the bright light.
In the dark John can’t hide.
“So in return for sometimes getting what you needed, you were forced to participate in dynamics you didn’t care for.” It makes John livid. His voice goes hard and flat.
I hid my face in John’s throat, unable to meet his eyes.
Sherlock: a pick-lock.
He’s wrong. He can read me. Maybe not in the way my collar lies, or from the mud on my boots, but he knows me as no one else does, sometimes, even better than I do myself. And it was an interesting thought: what would I have done if he hadn’t been looking at me? Would I have pushed on? Would I have grit my teeth and let him push his hand inside me even if my entire body was telling me no? I would go to great lengths to please him, I knew. And experiencing pain was not something I balked at, hmm…I would need to ponder it further. A gritty little ethical problem to unravel over breakfast. The prospect was enticing.
Sherlock moans and pushes his head up. John watches as he steadies the dildo with his hand and then leans forward and takes the head into his mouth. John, who had softened somewhat while Sherlock was in the bathroom, feels the steady rush of blood pumping in his navel and hardens at the surreal sight of watching Sherlock enthusiastically give him a suck job.
“You need to call your team and sign the documents.” John’s heart skips a beat and dread twists in his stomach. “Once you send them to Qwest we already need to be gone. He’ll be watching for us to leave. I managed to sneak out and grab some things we’ll need, but there’s someone outsi—”
Sherlock nods, his breath coming in short little bursts, his hands clenching and unclenching, spasming in the small of John’s back.
I chuckled at that, but still couldn’t quite follow your train of thought. “And what makes you think that people are talking about me and the widow Bromley?”
“Budge over, yeah?” John evades, stepping forward into the spray, dipping his head into it, as Sherlock obligingly switches places with him.
“I think it suits you,” Sherlock said approvingly. “Charlotte picked well.”
He urges Sherlock to sit up and hands him the mug, wrapping the duvet tighter around him. John flicks on the bedside lamp and begins to undress. Sherlock’s eyes follow him around the room as he sets his cufflinks, tie pin, mobile, wallet, and pocket detritus on top of the dresser. As he discards his clothes piece by piece on the armchair in the corner by the closet door.
“If you’d like to bring your mobile up to the desk I’d be happy to show you, but I need to—.” He gestures. A short queue is forming now.
“What? It’s romantic. I bet it was something romantic, right, John?”
“—But he wouldn’t listen would he and now he’s in for it. Oh, look, there’s your flatmate!”
To taste his red, leaking slit.
Four.
“Sherlock, we need to talk.”
He watches.
“I could hear you moving about.” His legs fall wider, knees bent, as he slips his other hand between his legs. John curses and reaches for the lube and the plug, his eyes never leaving the sight of those long, long fingers, petting at the furled bud and the coarse hairs. The lube leaves sticky tracks behind, gleaming fingerprints imprinted on the inside of his thigh. “Used to imagine you coming in; finding me like this.”
John is expecting a massage. He is expecting pressure.
“Stop what?”
Kiss.
John pulls back a little to look at him. “Really? You still haven’t exactly said…”
“...murdered…”
He’s so beautifully
“I suppose so.” Sherlock leaned back in his chair, limp with exhaustion. It felt like he had been crying for the last twenty-four hours straight. The rims of his eyelids were red and swollen, red lines snaking through the whites of his eyes, his nostrils raw from where he had been wiping at it.
So close.
“Well?”
Sherlock kisses him.
Sherlock pulls his head back to look down at John. Quizzical. The crinkle in full effect.
John chuckles.
Where he stops.
John kisses back up until their mouths are within range once more. Sherlock’s breath comes hard and fast and when his eyes meet John’s, they’re glazed and lost, pupil-shocked and dazed.
Sherlock nods, but his brow is crinkled up. John waits. “And when I asked for a blow job the other day…”
Sherlock’s hands fall away as John steps back.
Sherlock.
They can’t stop kissing.
John slides them down his hips and his cock springs out, red and gleaming and Sherlock groans, heartfelt, as John pushes them down and off. Leaning back, completely bare. He grips himself. Gives himself a few strokes. Tilts himself forward so that Sherlock can see where he’s hard and swollen and leaking. The flushed rosy head of his cock reflected back on the phone’s screen.
John sat up with a splash. I watched, warily, as his face underwent a series of thunderous progressions. He opened his mouth three times to speak, but stopped himself each time.
“Although, please warn me now if there’s any more explicit bee sex in my future…”
The unbelievably talented Bluebellofbakerstreet was kind enough to lend her artwork to this chapter. I am so incredibly grateful for her art and time. They made this chapter come to life. Thank you Bluebell!!!!
“Relax John,” Sherlock soothes.
You shrugged and took my arm as you had so many times before when we went for walks. Soon we would both be walking the cobblestones of London beneath it’s fog soaked skies.
“There’s a string of beads in the box,” Sherlock says in one breath. “Fetch them please.”
When John stepped back in front of me he took my right hand in his and raised it to his own chest, resting it in the center as he worked on my cuff links. I rubbed my fingertips against the fine linen, relishing the warmth of his skin radiating through, and he smiled up at me, his whole heart in his eyes. All around us the music rose and fell. I felt like one of the strings being bowed below me, strung taut and vibrating. He was my maestro and I was his tool. He made my blood sing, the way a virtuoso made his instrument sing.
“Big spoon or small?”
He tries to keep the kiss soft, but Sherlock is having none of it. He opens his mouth and crushes John to him. They both groan as their tongues meet.
“Masturbating helped relieve…tension,” Sherlock says carefully, as if he is considering his words and trying to pick the right ones. John smiles, kindly, says, “Yeah, I bet it did,” but Sherlock shakes his head as if John isn’t understanding.
It sounds like trees being bent before the wind. Wood straining towards it’s breaking point.
He holds you and you steadfastly ignore the hollowed out ache in your diaphragm.
“You have a marvellous cock,” you purr. Predictably, his breath catches, held. Less predictably, his cock twitches and a single milky bead falls, to land trembling on his belly. You lean down to taste it and it spreads over the tip of your tongue, bitter-bright.
Sherlock tucks his chin over John’s shoulder and presses a kiss there. Soft.
While his tea steeps John peruses the selection of cookbooks that fill the kitchen’s built-in shelves and which had been retired from the library for imperfections or to make room for new releases. Over the years at The Bede John has used his insomnia to teach himself how to cook from the books on the shelves. He picks a recipe each week, buys the ingredients, and if he can’t sleep—which is still more often than not—he makes a few batches until he feels he has the recipe mastered. Last week was Delia Smith’s apple Charlotte while the croissants had been a result of epic fail after epic fail last month until one time it had magically worked out. He had frozen the other half of the batch to enjoy later, drawing out the miracle a little longer. His co-workers, who benefited from John bringing his creations to the library to share, called it The Insomniac’s Cookery School.
They fell asleep with those words carrying them down into sleep.
John was a skilled kisser, Sherlock realized, as he expertly maneuvered his mouth over Sherlock’s, changing the pressure and the direction, the kiss evolving over time. By the end of it Sherlock, the one who had kissed many men over the course of his life, was the one who felt dazed. This time he was the one slow to open his eyes. When he did he found John smiling at him, his eyes crinkled at their corners.
“Undo your trousers, Sherlock, there’s my good boy.”
A sharp pain in his throat, he bends.
He collapses forward against Sherlock’s chest and tries to catch his breath.
“Do you think the reason why I gave myself to you was because you were rich?”
Sherlock shakes his head slowly. The lines around his eyes dug deep in a grimace. “I want to say yes. But I don’t know if that’s a promise I can keep. This isn’t something I always have complete control over.”
It's uncomfortably warm inside, the windows are fogged with steam, and John is sweating in his jumper. Sherlock is down to his shirtsleeves, the cuffs rolled up to his elbows. Gaudy, flashing Christmas lights are strung about haphazardly, trimmed with sprigs of holly here and there. Carols on the radio play softly in the background.
“It wasn’t a restful vacation?” I quipped, smiling at him over my shoulder as we made our way up the stairs. I admit I was taking them two at a time.
The effect is instantaneous, Sherlock tenses and comes.
“It’s not a competition.”
Ella, bless her, doesn’t react to this. Doesn’t seem surprised or vindicated. Just cool, calm, collected. Business as usual. “Is this in reference to Sherlock?”
“I took the liberty of buying you the
anymore.
“No, I mean, it doesn’t matter what he did. We can do it differently.”
“I feel like,” John goes on, blood thudding in his cheeks, thinking, this morning, while he had been sucking Sherlock off slow and sweet and utterly in earnest, he’d felt slightly off- balance, like he hadn’t felt since he was a kid, inexperienced and insufficient, like he was competing with Sherlock himself for title of best blow-job and that that didn’t seem particularly fair, “like maybe,”
“—And could at any moment lay us bare to all and sundry, while—“
“Sherlock…”
It seems an impossible question. Your mouth works fruitlessly, none of your hundred-thousand pieces communicating with one another.
“You’re beautiful,” John says to him, obviously awed. “You’re so good to me. How are you so good for me?” And the praise makes Sherlock blush all over in pleasure.
“I’m going to need a shower before bed, but you’ll probably need three to get that stench off you.”
A death sentence, Sherlock had called them.
“I will do the same for you, John, I swear to God, if Moriarty harms you, I will tear him apart.”
So when Sherlock begins to trail his fingertips up and down John’s back,
John, still watching, takes the dildo deeper, letting it loll on his tongue, letting it stretch his lips, his mouth flooding with saliva. It overflows and tracks down his chin. John doesn’t care.
“Then I am naive.”
You, in Paris, Hong Kong, Salzburg, Calgary, getting off with my eighteen year old self in a wheat field in the middle of July.
“Smugness doesn’t suit you,” Sherlock says, with an impressive amount of dignity for a man covered in his own come. “I’d stick to doctorly concern if I were you.”
“I know.”
“I can see what you meant by novelty,” John says softly, spinning slowly around to take in the room and the incredible number of sex toys it holds.
It feels so good that John loses himself for long minutes, is full up with pure unrelenting sensation so it’s a moment before he realises that Sherlock has moved down his body and his face is currently framed between John’s thighs, which Sherlock is parting, spreading, to get at, to lick at…
“I wanted to ask you about the new recruits,” Bobbi says, holding John up. “They’re starting this week aren’t they?”
As if he could.
“I’ll get us tickets to the Albert, shall I? A Beethoven or Handel perhaps? Yes, good. I’ll be in touch.”
“Oh, my god, you researched romance too, come here you great bloody idiot.”
Lestrade laughs and shakes his head. “There is no way that girl could have done that. She’s a wee wisp of a thing.”
He narrows his eyes.
“It’s never been like that for me before,” John admits, tilting his head up. Sherlock has turned off the light at some point and pulled the duvet over them. He can't quite make out Sherlock's face in the dark.
“They’re treating it aggressively, but this type of the disease is malignant and rapidly deteriorating. My brother is bed bound and has lost his muscle function. He can’t move, can’t talk.”
John waits a moment for Sherlock’s lashes to come to rest on his cheeks, waits for some of the tension to leave his body, for his head to sag down between his shoulders, for his knees to slip a little wider.
Sherlock is watching him very carefully. John feels the attention like the keen edge of a knife.
His tongue was sweet and bitter at once, his thin lips soft and pliant, opening beneath my own.
“Hey,” Sherlock says, dropping down to nose and kiss at John’s cheek. His hands are slick where they touch John’s arms. “Hey, what’s going on? What’re you feeling?”
“Sweet merciful fuck,” John says, low and hushed, shuffling up on his knees until his thighs are pressed to the inside of Sherlock’s and nudging them wider. “Oh, God, Sherlock, you’re beautiful.” Awestruck. Sherlock feels the blush travel all the way up from the small of his back to the top of his head at the praise. “Fuck.” John’s finger traces Sherlock’s hole, slowly. “I want you so badly.”
On screen Sherlock is turning over onto his side.
I leaned my arms on the lip of the tub, rested my chin on the back of my hand, and watched him as he began to walk backwards out of the bathroom.
John knows there’s not much he can do in this situation, but wait it out, and yet…
Sherlock moans softly and releases himself, his hands opening and closing against the sheets.
“But, 'by invitation only'. Not exactly for everyone is it?” John points out.
John squints, the light still needling his eyes, trying to locate the information Sherlock needs in his sleep muddled brain. “There’s a linen closet in the bathroom.”
With memories of his childhood and his traumatic relationship with his father churned to the surface so recently, it didn’t take much to access the ways he had been taught to deal with life, which was very British and very male. Hadn’t his addiction, his refusal to cultivate close relationships, and his fanatical obsession with The Work been manifestations of this? Ways to both uphold the traditional notions of Western success and masculinity, to reject his sensitivity and queer orientation, as well as run from pain and responsibility and connection? Was that why John’s apologies had irked him so? Apologies were useless without changed behavior.
And back down.
John wakes to the boom of Jenny’s bark. It pulls him out of sleep instantly and he rolls off the bed and into a crouch. His heart is pounding as he blinks in the sudden brightness—he’d fallen asleep reading and his bedside lamp is still on. Jenny is at the door barking up at a man leant into the doorway, eating an apple. It takes a moment for John to register that it’s only Sherlock. He withdraws his hand, which has instinctively wrapped itself around the drawer handle of his bedside table, where his army switchblade rests. John pushes himself to standing, rubbing a hand over his face.
“I do not!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“—and I owe you so much. Thank you for saving my life, Sherlock.”
John glances at the clock. It is only 7pm.
“So she bought you comics?”
John wraps his hand around him, strokes him, gently.
Sherlock gazes back at him, the picture of innocence, flirting at him with his lashes, as if he isn’t on his knees slowly wanking John’s aching prick good and slow. It's obscene. John's cock standing out from his fly, thick and red. It distorts the proportions, makes him seem enormous. Makes him feel bigger, filling Sherlock's hand.
it,” Sherlock whispers. “Will you come upstairs? I’ve…been doing some research and I—“
He’s a clumsy gorgeous bastard and John loves him, every gangly god-like bit.
“Then take me,” Sherlock says, turning his head to look at John over his shoulder.
“Alllll right. No peeking.”
“So are we, believe me. You think we don’t hate ourselves for it? How much we hurt everyone around us?” Harry snaps, bitterly.
“I can’t,” John admitted, leaning his cheek into his palm. “I can’t imagine not working. Can you? Sherlock Holmes retired. Now
Thank you, as ever, for following along. You WIP readers keep me going.
“As long as we like.”
The zipper parts, the metal teeth scraping the back of John’s hand as he slips it inside.
His hands are warm and soft on your skin, his uniform, in contrast, is coarse and stiff, the fibres of the wool like sandpaper against your chest. You prickle all over.
That night when Sherlock had been John, showing John what he wanted from John, and John had...Christ, he had forgotten. As they kiss John casts his mind back to that night, to what Sherlock had said, what Sherlock had done.
him, and before John knows it he’s giggling.
When he’s finished he sits back on his heels and helps John to stand up.
“Yes, well, I’m not the one who’s had to live downstairs from John “fuck-the-headboard-through-the-wall” Watson for all these years.”
A sharp pain in John’s throat. He swallows against it and it stabs him.
It made me bury my hands in his hair and tilt his beloved face up to mine and kiss him, wanting to taste it on his tongue.
This time, when Sherlock reaches between them, John arches into the touch, surging up through the loose fist of Sherlock’s left hand, as he pumps John once, twice, three times.
“What do you mean, like electrocution?!” John exclaims, sitting bolt upright in the chair. Sherlock holds onto his feet, holds him steady.
“But I also want to be able to submit when I need to.”
“No, they’re for me.”
“But what?” Sherlock whispers hoarsely, leaning forward across the table.
To slip inside.
“This situation with Moriarty is prompting me to tell you this earlier than it might have come out naturally. I would have liked more time with you for this to unfold at its own pace, but needs must. I care about you, Sherlock. And I want to stand by you through this. There is no need for you to reciprocate, however I do need you to accept that my affection and my protection are offered to you freely, without strings. I can see you telling yourself many stories about why I’ve offered you all of this in order to make it easier to accept it or, perhaps, decline it. I don’t want there to be any doubt.”
The robe is falling off his shoulders.
The lube is chilled and he takes a moment to warm it against his palm before he slips his hand back down between his thighs. This time he sets a slower tempo, drawing larger and larger circles, dipping down below his perineum to circle his anus which draws up taut and shriveled every time he glides across it.
On screen Sherlock is displayed for the taking. Sherlock’s cheeks scald as he admires the gift he presents. He’s never looked at himself like this before.
Your hands hung between your knees, wrists limp, wrung out.
He pauses just inside the doorway when he sees John.
And I am just beginning to believe that I could possibly, somehow, despite all evidence to the contrary, be of the same incomparable value to him.
After a moment John shakes his head, his eyes, on the other hand, not losing any of their dilated blackness as he bends once more to attend to Sherlock as he promised.
