“This is…surprisingly clean.” Cas glanced into the back seat before over at Dean, who shrugged his shoulders.
“I’ve done it!  Ladies and gentleman, I have just completely changed one man’s life in a single afternoon.  I should start doing this on tour or something,” Dean said, grinning.  “And you know what else this means?  You are getting a ride tomorrow.”
“For ‘not a big fan of pie’ I’d say that I’ve made progress.”  Dean nodded before stuffing a substantially larger chunk into his mouth and moaning around it.
“I think that’s as close as I’m ever going to get a ‘great!’ from you,” Dean said with a small laugh.  Castiel frowned, looking over to Dean again.
“Your car.  I hear you driving it sometimes, but you’re always walking when I see you,” Cas said, glancing, sidestepping a large puddle before settling next to Dean again.
“What?”
“This car is my baby,” he said, his hand stroking over the steering wheel gently as he did.    He might’ve cleaned up a little before he picked up Cas, but nobody needed to know that.
/You don’t have to live with him.  Or the hairballs he leaves in the shower./
Castiel couldn’t help but laugh at that, dropping his bag and falling onto his sofa.
“It was…interesting.  I’ll leave it at that, I’m still trying to wrap my head around it,” Dean admitted, and Cas laughed again.  “So how was your day then?  You had that test, right?”
“Hm?” Dean echoed, watching the other as they walked.
“You...want to walk with me?” Castiel replied, a confused frown crossing his lips.
“It’s easy, just take the first left before the gas station.”  Dean nodded his head and tapped his fingers on the steering wheel in time with the song.
“Huh….psychology.  That’s pretty cool.  You guys study cases of crazy serial killers and shit like that?” Dean asked, and the corner of Castiel’s mouth quirked slightly.
“So…you know my name, but I haven’t caught yours yet,” Dean said after a while, looking over at the other as he waited for an answer.  There was silence for another moment as Castiel contemplated giving a fake name before he answered.
Benny reappeared a moment later, setting down two plates of apple pie between them.  “Want me to get burgers started?”   Dean nodded his head as he pulled his plate in front of him.
Castiel grinned and turned off the last few computers he’d left for stragglers, flicking the lights off and heading outside at much closer to a jog than he’d like to admit.  He’d managed to collect himself by the time he got outside, walking calmly up to Dean’s car, adrenaline making his heart beet speed up.  He pulled the door open slowly, loud music greeting him.
“That’s an understatement.  If I could only ever eat this for the rest of my life, I would,” Dean said before he had another mammoth piece in his mouth.  Benny was returning to their table then with the hamburgers.  “Than’ ‘ou.”  Benny laughed and shook his head.
“Excuse him, darling,” Benny said, looking to Cas as he did.   “I’ve watched him eat for a week and this probably as civil as you’ll see.”  Dean made an indignant sound of disagreement that was ignored by both of the other men, Castiel left laughing as Benny walked away.
“Benny is my favorite,” Dean informed the other, folding his menu up and sticking it back as well.  “But everyone that works here is pretty nice.”
“Uh…the English building is right off Laurel and 64th.”  Dean nodded his head, frowning slightly as he constructed a mental map of the campus.
“Hey!” he exclaimed, a wide grin on his face as he came to stop in front of Cas, who blinked a few times but had no other response, shoulders tight as he stared at the other.  Dean’s smile faltered a little and he rubbed the back of his neck, letting out an obviously nervous chuckle.  “Ya know, since you never let me give you a ride, I figured you could at least have someone to walk with,” he said.
“So, where should I pick you up tomorrow, Cas?”   Sam raised an eyebrow and opened his mouth, only to be elbowed in the side by Dean.
“I’m not a big fan of this friendship,” he said dramatically, and Castiel couldn’t help but smile a little.
It wasn’t until Castiel was lying in bed that he realized what Dean had said as he left.  He ran it through his head a couple more times before whispering it into the darkness of his room.  “See you tomorrow.”
Dean’s hands came up to cup the others face, and Cas felt his heart jump to his throat because Dean’s fingers were actually trembling against his skin.  He managed to slot their lips together better, his teeth grazing Dean’s lips and drawing a soft groan from him.     Cas twisted in the seat, facing Dean better as he worked to deepen the kiss.  His hands wandered out, fingers curling into the front of Dean’s shirt and gripping tightly.   A few more moments of their lips tentatively moving together  and Dean broke the kiss, breathing hard, fingertips trailing down the side of Cas’ jaw.
“You want a ride?” he shouted out, and Castiel stared at him blankly for a moment.
/You think you’ll need another ride tomorrow?/
/Sorry if Sam made things weird.  He likes to sabotage my friendships./
“You seem to have an unwavering faith in your ability to convince me that this is good.  What if I hate it?” Dean looked back to Castiel, eyebrows furrowing slightly as he thought.
“You’ll have to give me better directions to your apartment,” Dean reminded the other as he turned down the main road, the purr of the engine loud enough to be audible but not enough to interrupt the conversation or the music.
“Are you planning on chanting my name through the rest of the walk?” he questioned, and Dean laughed, shaking his head.
“I take it you’re a very big fan of pie,” Cas observed, taking another small bite of his.  Honestly, this probably was the best pie he’d had, so he had to at least give Dean some credit there.
“I thought you’d appreciate it,” Castiel said with a small laugh.
“It’s not horrible,” Castiel replied, shrugging his shoulders.
Castiel turned around and looked over the lab, hoping he’d done everything right.  He took a deep breath before pulling the door shut.  First day of the job successfully complete- at least as far as he knew.  The rest of the building was quiet, as it had been for the past hour or so, but Castiel didn’t mind.  He slung his bag over his shoulder and headed out the front doors, surprised by the cold air that hit him the moment he did.  It had been warm that afternoon, but obviously the night weather had different ideas.  At least he had brought his trench coat with him.  He sat down his bag and pulled it on quickly, grabbing the bag again to sling it over his shoulder before heading out the door.
The clock had to be broken.  There was no way that time was moving this slowly.  Castiel enjoyed his job immensely, but today he could not wait for it to be over.   At least the lab had emptied out pretty early, as it usually did.   He picked up his phone and checked it for what felt like the millionth time in the last half an hour.  Just as he was about to set it down, it buzzed.
He strolled in and almost immediately found his friends milling about in their usual spot. He broke into a smile and waved to them. They waved back and he immediately reached for their schedules.
Dean is a dumbass who does not believe that anything good could ever happen to him and he is also incredibly oblivious, so he hadn't made the connection between Castiel and Cas yet.
“Shut up, Dean.” Cas laughed back before turning to continue singing along.
They watched a few episodes and were completely relaxed before Dean sat up and squinted at the screen. He paused it and yelled “That motherfucker!” before bursting into laughter.
“I see a hot guy like you, and I’m not gonna stop flirting, especially when you clearly like it.”
“Don’t worry about it. Here, hand it to me and I can look over it to see if you made any mistakes. And that offer will stand. If you ever want to compare work, you can come to me. But only to compare, I’m not going to let you copy off of me.”
The professor made them introduce themselves with their name and pronouns, and he instantly decided that he liked this teacher already. He smiled at Nico’s introduction, nearly threw a chair at Marv after his, but when it got to Dean, he paid rapt attention. This would confirm his almost certain theory that this was Dean.
“So, what do ya think now, Cas?” Dean grinned with a small quirk of his lip.
“Fine, Cas.” He said with a sigh before sitting down and sliding under Cas’s blanket. “Did you need something?”
They don’t meet at the Pontiac Public Library where Castiel works or Singer’s Auto Shop where Dean works. No, the place they meet is somewhere else. They meet at The Rock Show.
“I’m just grabbing another blanket.”
He sighed, but looked up at Cas’ face and saw how excited he was. “Fine. Just be careful, it’s slippery.”
Castiel: I don’t know. I think probably Umbridge, but there may be others that I can’t think of. Hbu?
Cas chuckled before leaning close to his ear and softly whispering, “I love you too, Dean.”
He spun around and his jaw dropped.
“Who?” he asked, fearful of her answer.
Cas giggled, and it shouldn’t sound that good coming from a dude, but it did. It really did. It made Dean’s stomach flutter and he wanted to hear that sound again. “I could tell.” Cas smiled after he stopped.
“Oh yeah. Cool.”
“Why don’t we have everybody introduce themselves?” Professor...something said to the small class of about sixteen students. “Say your name, pronouns, and a little bit about yourself.” Thankfully Charlie taught him about pronouns and a bunch of other LGBT stuff, so he wouldn’t end up looking like a complete idiot.
“Shut up,” he whined. Cas laughed at him and he turned to pout up at him in fake hurt. Cas just smiled and made everything better.
“Best kiss of my life too, if you were wondering,” Cas replied coyly, not directly answering the question.
I've had this sitting in google docs for a while and finally decided to work on it again. I'm happy to share this first chapter with you.
He tried to push Castiel from his mind, pondering the strange name. If it was his name, he would shorten it, which is what Castiel seemed to have done earlier, before, for some reason, stopping himself.
He was saved from that paranoid line of thought by their professor introducing herself. He tuned out the eccentric blonde for most of her introduction, only hearing the end of her statement.
Dean laughed and threw an arm around Cas’ shoulders. “Thanks, man. Now, let’s listen to some great music, and if you’re lucky, you’ll get another terrible kiss.”
His classmates continued with the introductions, Marigold uses she/they pronouns and has played soccer since kindergarten, Jace uses he/him pronouns and learned ASL as a hobby, Bowie uses any pronouns and is writing a book, and so on and so forth. Overall, the class seems to have a majority of nice people.
The concert went on for a while after that, the both of them laughing and dancing as they shouted themselves hoarse while singing along and cheering.
“Hotter,” he said. Talking to Charlie was starting to cheer him up, but he was still upset with himself for not getting Cas’ number. “Dude was dressed in all black and that’s not usually my thing, but he managed to pull it off so well. His hair was all messy but in a good way, and his eyes were the bluest I’ve ever seen. God, Char, I know you’re a lesbian, but even you would have been attracted to him, he was that hot.”
Cas laughed. The asshole actually laughed. And of course, his laugh sounded even nicer than his giggle.
“Maybe I will,” Dean huffed.
“What stereotype?” he interrupted. The only one that came to mind was dumb blondes, but Charlie had red hair.
When Sam returned from the hunt he had gone on a few hours later, he found half done decorations on the house and walked in to find Dean and Cas making out on the couch. He smiled that the two finally got together, and walked up to the couch where he was able to hear the noise the two were making. He suddenly smacked Dean on the side of the head before smirking down at them.
“Cas, I’m freezing my ass off out here. Let’s go back inside.”
Dean leaned over even further into Cas’s personal space to look at the menu. He and Cas spoke in hushed whispers about what Cas would like.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Maybe it is, Castiel.” He smirked back.
The waitress giggled and thanked him.
“Thanks for the offer, Dean. See ya later.”
The touch set every nerve in Dean’s body on high alert and a jolt of electricity flowed through him. Anticipation of what might happen only increased the fluttery feeling in his stomach.
“Cas…” Dean whispered back, not with warning or anger, but with a mix of anticipation and desperation.
“Well, Yeah.” He said, rubbing his neck awkwardly.
“We are almost done with the edge and I wanted to put some on the roof as well.”
“You may have been, but right now you are human, Cas.”
As luck would have it, there would be a familiar face in his history class. As it turned out, the trench coat dude was in his history class, and gosh did this dude seem crazy stuck up and boring. His posture was so straight that the stick up his ass must have been holding him up. There was no other explanation.
“Okay. Aren’t you worried that somebody will tell your parents?”
“So have I”
Hope you thought this was interesting. Thank you for reading and sticking with this fic!
“You done sucking face, Dean?” Charlie teased him.
“Cas...” he muttered, “Wha-”
Castiel: Phineas and Ferb is a great show. :/
He sighed, “He found this one series called ‘Casa Erotica’ and decided that since my name was basically on it that he should just hand it to me. Which he did.”
“Yeah, no problem. Have fun with your boring friends, Nico.” he teased as they exchanged phones to input their contact information.
“None taken, but dickbags? Really? Out of all the curse words to use?”
“Hmm?”
A guy walked past their group and seemed to do a double-take at Dean before fleeing. Now, he knows that he’s an attractive man and all so he doesn’t mind the double-takes or lingering glances. Any other time, the situation would be put out of his mind without a second thought, but the guy himself was….strange.
"Later, Bitch. and I will." Dean called back. Once the door shut, he was back on top of Cas, continuing from where they left off.
Castiel: Why do you keep doing that? You have done it repeatedly...Did I say something wrong?
Cas giggled again, and that damn laugh was gonna kill him.
"Dean." Sam huffed.
When Cas continued to not wake, Dean started crying. “Come on, Castiel. I never even got to tell you. I never got to tell you that I - that I love you.” he cried, “I love you and I’m in love with you and I have been for a while now. You are always there for me and always helping out me and Sam.” he choked “And I know you can’t feel the same way because you are so perfect and I’m just a screw-up but I need you. You need to wake up, Cas. Wake up.” He was met with more silence.
“Well, I guess this is goodbye.” Dean said sadly. The night had been absolutely amazing.
Today, he was studying for one of these classes, after already having been given assignments, even in the first week. All around him, the large campus library was teeming with life, making him feel right at home. The rustling of turning pages, the swift typing of keys on a keyboard, the hushed whispers of questions, the muted snippets of conversation, the scribbling of pens and pencils on paper, all harmonizing together to form the symphony of sounds that allowed him to be more relaxed.
Unfortunately, the class also had a few assholes that said dumb things like, “uh, hi. Um, my name is Marv, I am the president of the Young Republicans club, and I’m obviously a guy so my pronouns are nor/mal because pronouns are made up.” Marv could go fuck himself. And then maybe die a fiery and painful death. People like Marv, and like your father, his brain supplied unhelpfully, dickbags like them are the reason he doesn’t come out.
“You guys are such a cute couple! How did you meet?”
“Cas?” He whispered, not trusting his voice above a whisper.
“Alright. See you in a bit, Dean,” Charlie said.
Every day, after finishing with his classes, he heads for the library to do his work and to try and remove Dean from his mind.
Soon the waitress brought their food and Dean’s mouth watered at the smell of his burger.
“Yes Dean?”
“Thank you, Dean”
“Careful there, Dean. Saying things like that makes me….well, you get the idea.”
“I stand by that insult, but if you want a different one, you could say ass clowns instead.” Cas smirked.
“How hot are we talking? Scarjo level?
Charlie wheezed with laughter. The two of them packed up their stuff and left the library, talking and just hanging out. They started wandering around campus, and neither having somewhere to be, they were perfectly fine with that.
“Dude! We have four classes together!” She squealed excitedly after a few moments of silently scanning the list.
“Hey!” they shouted in mock offense, “My friends are great! Cam, Oscar, Mikey, and all the rest are awesome. Hey! They also are in a ton of fandoms. We def need to have our groups meet. I can tell you’re a good guy, Dean.”
“If you really want to.” She said with a smile.
“Dammit, Cas. I told you to be careful.” He whispered.
They still had a few things to work out, but right now, being right here with Cas was all that mattered. Maybe the universe wasn’t completely against him after all. Because right here, right now, with Cas at his side, he was happy, truly happy and for the first time in a while, everything was alright.
He checked over Benny’s schedule to discover that they had two classes together. He also shared two with Garth, and one with Kevin. He was just about to ask if anybody had seen Charlie, when a loud call of “Handmaiden!” made him turn around.
“Make me.” Cas challenged.
“I ain't afraid of you,” the man says, suddenly throwing a punch and hitting Dean in the face, catching him by surprise.
“Hey!” he yelped.
“Why didn’t you say anything?” He asked. But Cas knew what he meant.
"I'd say thanks for telling me but you didn't exactly tell me."
He checked through her paper and found no mistakes. He smiled, proud that he was able to help Charlie. “Looks like you’re all good,” he said, handing back her assignment.
“Here, let me help,” Dean said before grabbing Cas’s hand and walking him into the bunker. They settled down on the couch and Dean laid the blanket over Cas and started to walk down the hall.
Dean laughed before he and Cas got settled on his bed.
After a few paces, he turned over to Charlie, “Also can you not tell anyone about me being gay? It’s not exactly that I’m closeted, but I just moved here, and I want to feel more comfortable here before I begin prancing around flaunting my gayness. Plus, if my parents found out, things would not be good.” Charlie seemed very nice and respectful, but he just had to ask.
Dean smiled back at him. “Bowling For Soup is your favorite band?”
He returned home safely, which was a miracle considering how he couldn’t get the kisses out of his mind. That night he dreamt of Cas.
“I knew you were still figuring yourself out, and didn’t want to make you uncomfortable if you didn’t want to be out yet. Because I want to be with you, Dean. You’re funny and smart and kind.”
“Awesome!” He replied, glad to have so many classes with his best friend.
It was. The medley of emotions swirling in his brain, relief, excitement, panic, caused him to zone out until he was the last person left after the person that was currently introducing themselves.
The only Dean in those classes was his Dean. What were the odds? Maybe the universe was kind after all. “I know who you are talking about,” he replied, faking nonchalance when in actuality, his heart rate picked up at the idea that Charlie knew Dean.
“And? A bunch of bands played. Why this band in particular?” Charlie prompted. Damn, she was good.
“Close,” he said.
“Oh..” he trailed off, at a loss for words.
“Stay here with the ladder, I may need your assistance, but I can hold the lights myself.”
Nico laughed at him. “I have a group of friends to hang out with, but I can give you my number and maybe you could introduce me to your friend Charlie? She sounds fun.”
I got stuck on this chapter a lot, and it may not be my best work, but I'm posting it anyway because I crave validation.
“Ok, good. Look, I’m really sorry to do this, but I’m gonna head back to my dorm right now, I still need to unpack some of my stuff.”
When it was his turn, he stated his name, that he used he/him pronouns, and that he drives a classic 1967 chevy impala that he has rebuilt from scratch more than once.
“Nothing’s wrong. Except we could have started dating a few years ago.”
The ride to Cas’ place was filled with semi awkward silence, broken only by Cas’ occasional directions and the music softly playing through the car’s speakers. It felt like way too short of a ride, but soon enough they were in Cas’ driveway.
“I’m not leaving nothin’. It’s a woman’s job to serve a man, she ain’t doin’ anything extra.”
“Well, I gotta go now, so…” He trailed off.
“Hey, Char. Anybody else coming, or am I the last one here?” He greeted and asked.
She apologized to them as she was physically dragged away by the arm to help the man.
Charlie:And that’s cool that your favorite band played, what are they called?
Dean glared at his little brother, but then he popped up from the couch, grabbed Cas’ hand, and ran to his room, shouting “Okay, Sammy! See ya later!”
He was startled away from his internal ramblings by a confused, “Uhhh, Earth to Dean?”
“Awww, thanks, Cas,” he smiled, “I-I uh, I wanna be with you too.” he whispered, struggling to deal with and voice his feelings.
“The opposite actually, they care immensely. Any slip up is seen as a dire mistake and if we do not meet their incredibly high expectations, then we are a disgrace to the family name. My father wishes to become a famous author, and any mistake made by his children, even when as young as five years old, is seen as something that ruins his reputation. Left a crayon in the car on accidently? Too bad, you’ve brought shame on this family. What if somebody sees the melted wax in the car? What would they think? How could you possibly- I’m sorry. I’m rambling.”
Please let me know what you think about this chapter. I live off feedback, and the more comments, the more likely I am to actually remember to write something to update this fic with. Thanks!   :)
As they continued to hang the lights along the perimeter of the roof, some snow slid off the roof and slammed Cas in the face. He had not laughed that hard in a long time, and the sight of Cas’ confused expression made him burst into another fit of giggles.
The week went by quickly, With the occasional text back and forth with Charlie. The two sometimes sent questions to each other, simple, small-talk-like questions such as, ‘What book or movie characters do you relate to most?’ or ‘What is your favorite cryptid?’ The two were rapidly becoming good friends.
“I Don’t Know.” Cas replied back.
Charlie: My best is my computer class, I’m actually really good with hacking and stuff. My worst is definitely calculus, hbu?
“I’m Castiel. I’m in a few of your classes.”
“Hey, I’m here. sorry for being late.” a voice said behind him, cutting off his inner thoughts.
-------------
Charlie: What is a book character that u would really like to punch in the face
Sam quickly covers for them after noticing Dean and Cas are having a stare-down and aren’t going to do it themselves.
They all shopped for hours, moving from store to store and having fun. Dean kept glancing at Cas, and every once in a while he would catch Cas glancing at him as well. Each time that happened, he blushed bright red and quickly looked away.
He got a text the next day from Charlie, inviting him to come and hang out with her and her friends at the mall on Friday after class. Happy to be invited somewhere after years of being left out and lonely, he readily accepted. After all, it would be his first real opportunity to dress as he wanted, and he might also make some new friends.
Dean Winchester (closeted, repressed bi / loves classic rock and punk rock / secret pride patch on the inside of his jacket? / 19 y/o / secretly a total nerd / loyal / hard working / self-deprecating / fav bands are Led Zeppelin, Metallica, AC/DC, Green Day)
“Shhh. Come on, let’s get you inside. Can you walk?” he interrupted, not bothering to think about what Cas had said.
Dean Winchester had a routine. Every morning, he wakes up, gets dressed, combs his hair, brushes his teeth, makes his bed, makes breakfast, and checks his phone while eating.
“Uh, yeah.” He said after thinking for a moment.
Not even registering the beginning of the sentence, he fixated on the insult. “Assbutt?” he giggled.
“Umm..” he heard and turned to see Benny about to speak, “Two questions. One, since when are you into dudes? And two, I thought you hated Castiel, why are you suddenly kissing him?”
“I heard you.”
Charlie: Haha, wish I could relate. What is a really good memory you have?
“What is your best friend’s name? He sounds cool.”
Cas flinched at Dean’s volume but smiled softly. “I heard your voice.”
“His name was Cas, and sure, I could use some stuff for my dorm. It’s kinda empty anyway.”
He forgot to get Cas’ number! How could he be so stupid as to forget to get the number of the hottest guy he had ever seen. The screen faded back to black as his hopes were crushed.
College was weird, don’t get him wrong, people would be wandering around wearing any and every style or color or whatever. Hell, somebody could walk past in a fursuit and he wouldn’t even bat an eye. But he had never once seen a trench coat.
“I would prefer something else..”
“Charlie, right?” He questioned, making sure he had the correct name in his head.
He met up with Charlie at the nearby mall, the two of them immediately heading to Hot Topic to look for some new clothing.
“Uhhhh...what?” realization dawned on him. “Oh, oh. Uh.. y-yeah I guess you could say that I’m new.”
“Whatever you want, Dean.”
He was fixated on Cas, forgetting his friends standing around them, as he surged forward into Cas’ space. He hesitated inches from his face, but Cas closed the remaining distance as they met in a searing kiss. Their pining left their kiss full of passion and heat, quickly becoming deeper and deeper. Dean moaned and Cas took advantage of the opportunity presented, slipping his tongue in between his lips, mapping the surface of Dean’s mouth.
Castiel: What is your best subject?
“Cas? Come on, wake up. I can’t lose you.” He said brokenly while shaking Cas’ shoulders.
“Uh, yeah, man. That’s cool. I’ve listened to this music my whole life and finally saved up the money to come. I did have a long drive though.” he paused in thought, “You manage to get anybody to come with you? Friends? Girlfriend? Or did you come by yourself like I did?”
"I don't." Dean tried to deny.
The man looked up from his phone and met his eyes. “I’m Cas,” he said with a wink. “And yeah, this is my first time coming here. I started getting really into this music a couple of years ago, but could never make the drive out. This year though, it’s right near my hometown, so obviously I jumped at the chance.” he smirked at him with a happy shine in his eyes.
“Ok, how much else?”
“I set myself up for that one, didn’t I?”
Confidence surging, Dean turned on his usual charm and smoothly replied, “Pretty good, huh? Clearly you need to reconsider.” He smiled.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean selected an episode and settled down against Cas to watch the show.
Before long, they separated to catch their breath, foreheads knocking and noses brushing. Dean was in a daze and he didn’t even care. He was perfectly content to just stare into the deep blue depths that resided in Cas’ eyes.
“Ok, ok. Now shush, they are starting to play.” Cas said, giving him a small shove on the shoulder.
“How long?” He asked desperately, hoping that he was not as much of a blind idiot as he was feeling.
“Sorry, they are talking about a video game we play. They met through the game.”
He shouted in surprise. “Cas?!?”
They eventually had to pull away, breathing heavily, either from lack of oxygen or the intensity of their kiss. They were only separated for two seconds before they were connected again. This time, Dean opened his mouth immediately, encouraging Cas to do the same. They mapped the heat of each other’s mouth, and he felt a small spike of adrenaline with every slide and lick of Cas’ expert tongue.
Title is from The Rock Show by Blink-182.
“Oh, so you’re not out to them yet?” he asked. It seemed strange for Cas to not be out yet. He seemed so confident when he was being himself.
As he thought about what he was going to say, should he mention he’s bi? Nah, the class went through their introductions. The kinder and nicer looking people saying things like, “Hi my name is Nico, I use they/them pronouns and I am a big fan of Marvel and Star Wars,” almost made him rethink his earlier contemplation on coming out. Nico seemed like they would fit in well with his group and they would definitely get along with Charlie.
Dean’s hands drifted, one rising to tangle his fingers into Cas’s hair, the other dropping to grab Cas’ waist and pull him closer. Never breaking the kiss for a moment, Dean guided Cas’ tongue and followed it into Cas’ own mouth. Cas tasted so good and the noises made by the both of them were soon bordering on obscene.
"Fineeee." he groaned.
Before he even knew what was happening, summer was over and it was the first day of sophomore year at his school, The Hunter Academy College. The school was nice. His mother wanted to make sure that he and Sammy had bright futures, so before she died, she made their dad promise to send the boys to a good school. Dean couldn’t complain, he had a lot of friends, the teachers were helpful, and the lunch was good.
“Well whatever you do, don’t spend today alone.”
“Vultures.” she growled. “Well whatever it was, we have to get you out of here first. Let’s get you back to your room.”
“Well, half of that statement is true.” he joked with a smile.
“Dean!” Castiel moved towards him, attempting to pull the bowl and fork away from him. “You don’t have to do this.”
Jensen stopped in the doorway. “Oatmeal again? Buddy we need to buy you a bib.”
Dean pulled away, yanking the dish back from him and holding the fork high above his head. “It’s my gift. You can’t have it back.” he commanded before taking another over sized bite, chewing it slowly and deliberately as he looked deep in to the angel’s eyes. “Don’t even think about it, you can’t have any.”
Cas turned and punched him with all of his might, loosening his grip just enough to run away but it wasn’t fast enough. The others caught him, pulling him back just as Benny’s first punch landed across his cheek. The once thumping of his heart in his ears was replaced by a loud ringing sound as his legs gave out. Suddenly he heard yelling...Benny’s punches and kicks stopped coming. Squinting through a swollen eye he saw Dean crouching over him.
Misha let out a groan.
“Thanks. Did I hear someone knocking at the door?” Jensen asked as he popped a few pills in his mouth.
“Happy Birthday Misha.”
Uriel shook his head no, tears falling down his face.
No answer.
Dean shook his head, “Like I said I was there, as in I was right there,” he said pointing at a spot near the bed, ...the whole time. I could see and hear everything.” Dean didn’t say another word, as he leaned on his forearms across his knees, his face now closer to the stunned seraph before him.
“Jensen, look at me. Whatever you think is happening...you’re not getting rid of me that easily. Ok? I.” he said, reaching around to gently grip the thick hair at the base of Jensen’s neck and pulling him in for a much needed, and comforting kiss.
“Hey Ma.Thank you.”
"No." Misha said with a smile. "We ran with very different crowds.”
It didn’t take long before both of the heart rates began accelerating in perfect unison. Green and blue eyes fluttered open, their heads turning ever so slightly towards one another, both sets of eyes filling with tears.
“Sir, I…”
“An award winning heart surgeon who has done nothing but spend the last two seasons scheming to win a man. Don't you find that a bit offensive? Out of date? She could be so much more!” Misha explained.
“Dylan...what the hell are you doing here?”
“Dean!” Castiel barked as he attempted to cover his prized dish with a towel.
Dylan and Jensen’s voices were so loud, it was apparent that neither heard the door until it opened, Misha calling out Jensen’s name as he entered the open apartment.
Rachel noticed cell phones being taken out all around them, clicking pictures or taking videos.
“I never do.” Suddenly, there is a knock at the door. ”Ma, I gotta go. I love you.”
“I…” Cas stammered.
Standing next to her was G.M. with a crooked grin on his face.
Dean pulled him in for one final kiss, their lips slotted perfectly together, their arms wrapped tight around one another.
“It’s for Dean. I made it for him for Christmas. It’s a trifle.”
“I don’t know why, but I had assumed they buried us together, next to one another.” Dean said as he crushed a dry leaf between his fingers.
Before Bobby left, he told him to sneak out after the parents went to bed, try Novak one more time, and then meet him at his house. Bring his bags.
Dylan’s head dropped down into his hands.
“What song is that?” Misha inquired.
Dean searched the rest of the day for Cas, no sign of him anywhere. As he walked out on the field he was surprised to see him standing on third base, beating on his glove like he always does. Hidden under the brim of his cap were patched up wounds and bruises, but to Dean’s surprise, he was met with an unexpected smile.
Misha was left speechless by how dismissive Jensen seemed about the whole thing. But then again, he was right, there wasn’t any time right now to discuss it, they couldn’t be late.
Balthazar began throwing popcorn in the air, and dancing about in celebration.
“Yeah, I did see him, he checked out and said he was catching an earlier flight. Why? What happened?” she asked, pulling up on his towel a bit by his wrist.
“Dean. If we get the call, if the adoption goes through, and we get him...Robert, Bobby,...is a good name.”
“No son. I just wanted to tell you how proud your mother and I are of you, and the progress you have made these last few weeks, making it right with both God and Lisa.
Suddenly there was a perfectly timed knock on the door.
“She loves him. And she didn’t just scheme for the last two years…”
“No. No. NO!” Jensen! Please. You have to wake up. It’s Misha. We have to go! We’re going to be late!”
“Are you burned bad? Let me see.” Jensen insisted as he walked over to him.
Cas Novak is reborn as Misha Collins (An alternative universe version that is single, with no disrespect to the actor's family, and is similar in appearance and name only)
“They’re alive! Don’t move ok buddy? We’ll get you both out…hurry up with that!”
“Everything ok?” Jensen asks, their stare not breaking.
“Well son, you know those leading men can be real heartbreakers. And according to Soap Opera Digest, Jensen had quite the public break up."
As their lips fell apart from one another, Cas looked deeply into his eyes and simply said, “Let’s go.”
“Go where?” a little voice was heard over a rumble of thunder. They turned towards the door to see a sleepy, curly haired boy in one piece pajamas gripping a stuffed rabbit, hanging from an ear. “Where’re you going brother?”
“Jensen?”
“It’s not what you think, Rach! I swear to you.”
“We can’t do this. I….can’t do this.” Cas was starting to crumble. He pulled off his glove and pushed it back down in his backpack, slinging it over his shoulders as he walked hastily back towards the field maintenance equipment and trash.
“You mean I wronged them Uriel.” Balthazar began. “ If I hadn’t…”
Giving Jensen another long, soft kiss, Misha rested his forehead on his. “I missed you so much. I hated every minute being apart from you.”
“I get that, but I just don’t think it would be the same! Cas, I love you. I wanted so badly to grow old with you, have a family...all the things we can’t do here.” Dean pulled Cas’s hand to his heart, as a tear fell from his eye, “I found you once James Castiel Novak, I will find you again. ” he whispered.
Misha stopped and turned in the doorway and nodded.
Misha looked back into Jensen’s eyes, but couldn’t help to notice his demeanor had changed, and wondered if the moment had passed. He carefully leaned into him this time, hoping to feel those lips he’d dreamt about every night since he last tasted them. He did, but on the center of his forehead.
“What are you doing here? And what in the hell is that?!”
“Did a man just check out? His name is Misha Collins, blues eyes, black hair, about my height?”
Misha stared at him, processing the fact that Jensen spoke to him for the first time that weekend.
As the plane landed in the early hours in Sin City, Jensen nudged Rachel awake who had curled up around his arms with her giant sunglasses and a old Hollywood style silk scarf over her head For the last 2 hours he could feel Misha’s stare from across the aisle, but never once did he acknowledge it. The truth was he knew he would give in if he looked over at his sleepy hair and scruff...and those blue eyes. He wasn’t even sure if he was really still mad about what happened that night anymore, but the hurt, new and old hurt he had experienced in relationships seemed to paralyze him from moving past it. He had to focus, he was going to be meeting his new co-star today at a surprise reveal during the main panel planned that afternoon. Having internet stalked him extensively before today, he knew that Matt Cohen was a well known theatre actor who was making the cross over into television, and was devilishly good looking. There had been many rumors regarding his sexuality also, having been seen out with the biggest of starlets in Hollywood, but never seeming to settle down or last long in any of his rumored affairs.
“Goodbye, Dean” Cas said, kissing him firmly on the mouth while sliding his hand down to squeeze Dean’s ass. He jumped with a yelp and Cas laughed again.
Charlie: Bye!
“Wha? Um. What?”
I am so sorry that I didn't post in a little while. I had some crazy writer's block, and then I had a soccer tournament, and then I had to deal with back-to-school stuff and it's just been crazy. Again, I am so sorry for the delay on the chapter.
“Could you bring us back some Pepsi’s too? Thanks man.”   Benny nodded and through a glance at Castiel before heading away again.
“Why?” he ended up saying, earning another mental kick.  On the list of things to ask potential criminals, why was not at the top.  Matter of fact, talking to them in general was, as far as Castiel was aware, generally discouraged.
“Cas, my friend, it’d take a lot more than that to offend me,” Dean replied, and Castiel nodded, letting out a soft breath of relief.
“So I don’t have to worry about you murdering me in it.” Cas grinned over at the other, who laughed and nodded his head.
“You’ve been coming here for a week and you’re already on first name basis with your server?” Castiel questioned, eyebrow arching even though he had to admit it made sense.  After all, with how forward Dean had been in their interactions, it couldn’t be too difficult for him to befriend someone who’s job required they talked.
“Nothing.” Misha said, turning back to focus on the elevator doors. “Was just wondering what happened to Mr. ‘oh look at me, I have rock hard abs....ooooo. Blek.” he growled. “ Might have to kill him off in some weird ab machine accident.”
Misha nodded, as he straightened some papers on his desk. “Yes. I’ll call you tonight.”
“Yeah, you?”
“Me too.” Jensen whispered against his lips...
“Yeah! Of course! Just excited...but mostly nervous. So, I've had a few drinks, and been singing a little song.” G.M. continued.
“MISHA!” Jensen yelled as he moved towards him, only to collapse right next to him.
“Cas? What’s going on? What are you...did you?”
“Ok stop stop stop. Let me.” Jensen intervened. “This is a good color for you.”
“Gabriel... ”
Showered and standing in front of the bathroom mirror, he poked lazily at his belly, then pulled at the lines on his face that he swore had grown deeper overnight. His mom, although annoying at times, was always right: he hated spending his birthday alone.
The crowd suddenly roared as Rachel took the stage from the other side to the delight of the audience. Jensen felt Misha move closer, his warm breath near his ear
Castiel collapsed next to him, a guttural cry emitted from deep within him. This couldn’t be. He begged for it to be a some sort of dream, a trick...no reality was ever to exist that Dean Winchester was not alive in. Castiel ran his fingers gently over Dean’s eyes, closing them before laying his forehead against his, his sobs uncontrollable. Lifting up on to his elbows, Castiel looked over him once more for any sort of sign of life before placing a shaky kiss between Dean’s furrowed brows...even in death.
“There seems to be an annoyance in Heaven. New boss wants it taken care of. And since it was only a matter of time before you become an even bigger annoyance again,  I thought we would make a deal:  You go back to Cloud City, but you can never return to earth again or so help me I will drag you back down here so quick your head will spin...off. Do you understand me, Feathers?”
“What?” Jensen snapped.
“Oh. I know what it is, it's because I’m the catcher and not the pitcher?” he said to the delight of his teammates who's laughter grew louder at the obvious innuendo.
“We need to talk. It’s important.”
"Go where?” Cas wondered  interlacing his fingers with Deans.
Jensen and Misha were finally laying in hospital beds next to one another in their room, their heart monitors beeping in perfect unison. Sitting in the guest chairs were a very distressed Rachel and G.M. as Balthazar and Uriel prayed directly over them.
“D??”
“Love you too. Happy Birthday!”
“No. My dad got me a spot at that place soon, and I can’t get a hold of Novak. He’s not answering. Coach we are going to have to leave tonight, and I don’t know what to do!”
Cas’ plan was in place. Over the next couple of weeks leading up to graduation, Dean and Cas stayed away from one another in public as promised and things seemed to settle down when it came to the rumor mill. Dean had also agreed to go to the camp, he even took Lisa to the Prom. All of this, with Dean signing his full-ride baseball scholarship to Kansas State, were just the right amount of distractions they needed as they prepared to run away together.
Cas and Dean, looked at each other. They were very aware of their new identities and memories in addition to their old ones.
“Misha! I heard you got the job! New York, baby! That’s the dream!”
Jensen awoke from his dazed stare,“You better change it back.”
“Look, they hired me to give the show a fresh, young, reboot…”
A bright light.
Closing his window, he could hear Cas greeting his parents downstairs, before bounding up the steps two at a time towards his room. He opened his bedroom door and was instantly met with Cas’ arms wrapping around him followed by his thick, hungry lips on his when he heard his mom call up to him.
They suddenly realized how close they had slowly moved towards one another, sending both into a bit of panic, looking around.
"Well then, go ahead.” Misha said snidely.
“Well, you said everyone was there, but Lisa...because Lisa was here, crying and carrying on about how you two broke up.
Cas took a few more practice swings, before calling his shot once again, pointing his bat towards the centerfield sky.
Jensen found himself back at his apartment, pacing like a teenage girl; why hadn’t he called yet? It had been hours. Everything between them had been moving so quickly, so fast that neither had even seemed to notice. Misha was right. It was like they were just suddenly together, drawn to one another like moths to a flame, a very hot fiery flame that neither could explain or resist.
Cas couldn’t help but smile. He too was also feeling that urgent need to be close to him as soon as possible, but to hear him say that sent shivers down his spine as he picked up the remaining items to be disposed of and picked up the pace to the equipment shed.
“Go back to sleep Cas.”
“It's not Christmas yet.” Castiel reminded him.” And besides, it’s not done.”
“He can’t do anything about it? WE WEREN’T DEAD!” Cas said angrily.
“Ok.” Castiel nodded, taking his apron off and hanging it on the back of the door as he left.
“Don’t tell me your fine, I can see the blood. I'm coming in.”
“I don’t drink. Never touch the stuff. Come on. I’ll take you home. Besides, there’s something I want to show you.”
“Who? Oh, on the phone? It was my mother, birthday call.”
“Walt’s just an old family friend… and yes, I got an offer... and yes, at one time it WAS the dream, but I’m not sure if it really is anymore. Misha replied.
Coach Bobby Singer looked out in the same direction as Dean. “Maybe.” he said with a smile. Dean’s eyes were fixated on Cas when Cas noticed him, giving him an awkward wave with his gloved hand, before the crack of the bat pulled his focus back to the field. Dean smiled, and headed over to them. Time to win a championship.
“Now Dean, calm down, and take a deep breath. It’s all going to be ok. Go back in, I will be right back.” Bobby promised as he drove away.
“Thank you.” he whispered in his ear. Misha couldn’t explain what was happening, but the feeling of familiarity, although not the same he felt when he was with Jensen, had crept back in with his arms around G.M.
“Dean…”
Standing there looking like he was straight off a GQ magazine cover with a single red rose in his hand was the man who left him heartbroken and outed him to the entire world for his own benefit, Dylan Winters.
“I know!” Dean yelled back
“I am so sorry sir. It’s my birthday, and I just thought...thank you for the basket by the way..”
“I said I’m fine Cas.” Dean growled from a fetal position upon his bed, covering his eyes from the uninvited light Castiel had let in.
“Smile at me like that. It’s distracting.” Dean admitted with a sideways grin.
“Lisa?” Dean queried.
Misha chattered on as Jenen’s eyes roved over his exposed skin, admiring once again how thick he was, in all the right places.
“Where do you think you are going?” His mother asked with a scolding tone.
“And Is this why you came home a while ago all beat up?” his father continued. Cas nodded. “Why the hell didn’t you say anything son?”
“What the hell are you smiling about, faggot?” Benny Lafayette shouted at him, spitting on the ground in front of them.
“I never meant to leave you...Gabriel.” he said softly, just as his body started to shake violently.
“I’m home. Please Misha. I need to know you’re ok. Good night.”
“Stop talking. You don’t have any pants on. Call me later to schedule the convention, Collins. I have already spoken to the A.D.’s and directors. I don’t want this idea of yours interrupting the shoot schedule.” Before Misha was able to get in another word, G.M. had already left the room, his eyes turning back to the man before him, his lips still swollen from another unexpected kiss.
G.M. nodded, taking one long sip from his champagne glass.
Cas placed his hands over his eyes, desperately trying to compose himself, his breath shallow.
Once he returned, he went straight to work. The kitchen was filled with sweet, and odd salty smells, catching the nose of the the youngest Winchester passing by.
"Now, can we go?” Dean asked.
ALL ACTORS WHO APPEAR IN THESE CHAPTERS ARE BY NAME AND APPEARENCE ONLY, NO DISRESPECT TO ANY OF THEIR FAMILIES.
“Your confusion son. It’s what they do, they help boys and girls just like yourself. Father said it’s real nice, you’ll only be gone a few weeks. You won’t miss any college sessions, and you’ll come home before you know it, and everything will be right as rain again.”
Misha nodded, checking out his reflection in the mirror.
“Please. No more talking about Lisa, kapeesh? Like you say all the time, I’ll be fine.”
- a layer of ladyfingers
“Cas, Cas, Cas, wait. I want this, whatever this is, I really, really do, but we are both covered in the insides of every monster we have ever killed. I want it to be special, never had that...I don't think either of us have, so instead will you join me?” Dean propositioned, motioning towards the bathroom as he shucked Cas’ trench coat off him, letting it settle in a puddle on the floor. Dean gave Cas' loosely hung tie a tug as he turned and lead the way. Cas began to follow, but suddenly became hesitant, his erratic foot pattern on the concrete floor alerted Dean.
Misha continued cautiously, leading them to the script and new ideas, but the cast’s frustrations began to grow.
“Listen! It wasn’t like that!” Dean shouted.
“Happy Birthday Mr. Collins. Meet us at Bobby’s Bar & Grill whenever you get done. You owe me a dance.-J”.
Cas let out a frustrated sigh and readjusted the amount of equipment he now carried. As they entered the equipment shed, he dropped the heavy bags onto the ground with a thump, rubbing his shoulder for a bit for relief. “Damnitt!” he hissed.
-sliced bananas
The crack of a bat interrupted them both, as they both moved towards the dugout fence to see Dean circle the bases with the crowd on their feet. The team met him at the plate to celebrate. Dean pulled Cas in for a hug, surprised to find him so cold, and unreceptive. Cas’s eyes were on Benny, who motioned a limp wrist towards him before letting out a howl with the rest of his teammates.
Jensen pushed the refrigerator door shut, pulling Misha back around to face him.
“Gabriel, what are you doing awake? Did the storm scare you? This is my friend Dean, can you say hi?” Cas asked sweetly. Gabriel shook his head no, and hugged his brother around the neck tight.
“Where’s my other birthday boy?” she asked.
“Wow. I know I can find a better word than that as the head writer of this show, but right now, it’s all I got. Thank you to the Daytime Emmy's, to our network, Gabriel Michaels for this amazing opportunity, the cast and crew, and especially all of you who keep watching and supporting us. You are why we do what we do. I would like to take a moment to thank our lead actor Jensen Ackles, for the strength and encouragement you showed and shared with all of us, both on and off the set. You are the heart of this show. I am so lucky to have you in my life. Happy Birthday.” he said with pools of tears in his eyes, as he held the trophy over his head….and then collapsed, to the shock and confusion of the crowd.
"Dean you don't…"
Castiel helped him to his feet, squeezing him with all his might before carefully perching him on the end of the bed. Dean’s eyes were fully focused on Cas, until he saw the condition of the room.
Jensen couldn’t help but smile.
Misha  cracked a smile as G.M. gave him a hard pat on the back. Misha, still a little shaken by the vision of what looked like a deer in torrential rain, stood up and gave the crowd a funny curtsy before moving over to the food tables to grab some napkins and clean up the mess. To his surprise Jensen joined him at the table, grabbing a few extra napkins to help him, not saying a word.
“Cause I do. I knew who you were from the moment I walked into this school. It’s all they could talk about. I was registering for classes under a picture of you in the office. I knew more about you in 15 minutes in the principal's office when I mentioned I was a baseball player than I knew about ANY of the boys I had ever met or played with over the last 10 years. You are THE Dean Winchester. Kansas’ diamond in the rough, and you are pissing it all away so you can run off with me and do what? Huh? Work at a bar in California? Are you fucking kidding me? This is all my fault….this was all my idea….and all my fault and I am not going to let you do this Dean, I can’t. I will never, ever, be able to forgive myself. If only my family had never moved to this God forsaken town you would still be going to Kansas State and...”
"They weren’t wrong!" Cas declared, pulling himself gingerly to his feet. “There is nothing you can say or do to change that Dean. I’m going home. I’ll see you on Monday.”
“Fine! The truth is, I just got out of rehab and I am just trying to make amends! I hurt a lot of people but the way I hurt you…”
“It’s late.” his father announced, pulling a cigarette from the box, then striking a match. “Where were you?”
“Daytime Emmys. And who the hell is Novak? My name Misha in case you forgot after last night, but being a big time t.v. actor, I bet it’s tough to keep all of one night stand’s names straight.”
“Don’t.” he said with a warning tone. Letting out a sigh he walked past her and into the school.
Deep down, he secretly loved talking about boys with his mom ever since he came out.
Rachel studied his panicked face before letting out a sigh.
Time passed. The rain had stopped.
“Jensen, are you sure? I mean remember...we were trying to slow things down, and this seems like…” Misha could finish what he was saying fast enough before Jensen rolled him onto his back to hover over him. “Jensen! I’m trying to talk to you…”
Dean Winchester was the only child of John and Mary Winchester. Born and raised in Lawrence, they were your typical blue collar family. Dean’s father worked as a foreman at the mill, his mother a part time secretary at the high school office. Dean started playing baseball at the age 5, and by the time he had reached high school, he had played on numerous all-star teams throughout the state, and held records in strikeouts and shutouts. The one thing he still had not accomplished was to bring a championship to his hometown. It was his senior year, and this season would be his last chance. As he looked around the field that day after school, he watched as the team warmed up. Across the field stood their newest player, pounding his glove with his fist. ‘Something about him’, he thought to himself as he felt a hand fall on to his shoulder and give it a squeeze.
“Dad, I don’t understand. What do you mean cure me? Cure me of what?”
“Still doesn’t make it right Cas! Have the right mind to kick everyone of their stupid asses…”
“I heard. I mean, I think everyone heard. Is it true?” she added with a snicker.
“You need a lot more than that, like a shower.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Where the hell do you two think you are going?” Dean asked.
Dylan and Jensen continued to apologize and argue with one another as Uriel stood standing in the hallway, eating from a bag of microwave popcorn, when Balthazar walked up behind him, picking out a few kernels out for himself.
“Jensen....”
Castiel knelt on one knee before him, “ There? Did you see a reaper? Death? Heaven?”
“What? Why are you smiling?” Misha asked with a smirk.
“Who else knows?” his father asked.
“I don’t get it. Why are we still here? Huh? They didn’t remember each other! He said….”
“Cas, I need you to listen, ok? You got to have your say back at the bunker and now it's my turn." Dean barked,  rubbing his hand nervously over his lips, his eyes searching the sky as he shifted his weight. "Just give me a minute, I want to get this right " he huffed.
“Mom, hi. I’m so sorry I haven’t called.”
“I swear, either find a way to send us back or I will burn this place down right now!”
“Place looks great, I like what you did with it.”
Misha’s heart rate started to drop slowly on the monitor.
Cas pulled Dean as far as he could over the hospital bed railing to kiss him with all of his might.
ALL ACTORS WHO APPEAR IN THESE CHAPTERS ARE AU VERSIONS BY NAME AND APPEARENCE ONLY, NO DISRESPECT TO ANY OF THEIR FAMILIES.
Once Misha was stabilized, the doctor asked Rachel and G.M. to let them rest, sending them down to the cafeteria for some dinner before it closed.
“No.” Dean said softly.
“The Winchesters, and their son’s ex-girlfriend, Lisa... and whoever else she told...I don’t know.”
“This is America, Cas. They have those in California too. Or so I’ve heard.” Dean snarked with a silly grin. “And it’s gonna be perfect for you too...lots of sunshine...no more cold...just nice and warm.”
Misha placed the band aid over a blister, “No. My mom is back in Kansas, and no “someone” either.”
“I don’t know…things have changed.” Misha stuttered.
Misha let out sigh as he fiddled with his tie. “I can’t get this...starting to sweat…”
Updates on Mondays & Fridays
“Hot.” Baltazar declared, finishing Uriel’s sentence.
“Again, gross. And get off me. Jensen, there are a few reporters who wanted interviews with both of us…”
Dean threw Cas’s bag to the ground and both scurried down the tree together to the car to escape the torrential rains.“What are you doing? Where are your keys?” Cas asked as he noticed Dean sliding down a bit in the seat to reach under the dashboard.
The lingering glances Jensen and Misha had been trading up to this point suddenly became tense stares. Novak? Why did that sound familiar? Wasn’t that the name Jensen called him when they were arguing in his office?
“Shower sex, then coffee sounds perfect.”
“I miss you, Jensen.”
Dean Winchester is reborn Jensen Ackles (An alternative universe version that is single, with no disrespect to the actor's family, and is similar in appearance and name only)
“Your character faked a coma when she feared Dr. Morgan was interested in his ex again...and he is a neurosurgeon! He wasn’t able to figure it out? How does that even make sense? Look, I am not trying to rewrite the entire series, or take anything away from any of you. I am simply trying to make it plausible and inject some real, and passionate story lines that will bring the audience back to you, back to this show!” Misha concluded.
“But what about what happened in the car? Or what happened yesterday? The dam is breaking my angel friend, I can feel it... THEY can definitely feel it too!” Balthazar exclaimed.
It was now 6:00 p.m.
Cas swam out into the lake a bit before he surfaced, screaming out in shock from the water’s cold temperature. He looked around. Dean was nowhere to be found. He began to panic. Had he done something wrong? Was this all too much too soon? Suddenly a rush of water startled him from below. Dean surfaced, one arm gripping Cas around his waist.
“ I know you have, and I just got some great news. The camp just called to tell me they had a cancellation this weekend and you are leaving tomorrow instead.”
Jensen and Rachel finally took their seats, and they were ready to start.
“Whaa...t” was the only sound Misha could creek out of his dry throat.
“Fuck.” Misha growled groping at his back pockets in search of it, Jensen’s head dropped as he let out a sigh. “Hello?” Misha said, finally finding his phone in his coat pocket. “Yes. I sent the rewrites to Carol yesterday before we left for Vegas. Um, I can, when do you need them? Tomorrow morning? No. I get it, yeah, I will work on it right now.” he responded, rubbing his hand back and forth across his forehead. “Ok. Talk to you tomorrow.”
The sound of his name being called, echoed through Castiel’s mind. His eyes flew open.
They both stepped in, clicking their perspective floors, Jensen still laughing a little.
“Nonsense.” she interrupted. “I know you’ve been busy. Saw you on the Soap Opera Digest Awards! You and Jensen looked so handsome.” she glowed.
“I’m sorry, what? This...this is Jensen Ackles, Misha ...can’t come to the phone right now..”
“Easy out D! Show the new kid how we bring it in Lawrence!” was heard from the bench of players.
Dean smiled as they pulled away; they were headed to the Singer place.
“What is that? What are you wearing?” Dean inquired as Cas shuffled past him towards his car.
Cas was stunned. Mortified. Horrified. What had he done? Did Dean even hear him? And if he did, was he not responding because he didn’t feel the same way?? Dean clicked at the Cheese Whiz nozzle a couple of more times “Here. I made you a chip.”
“Rachel stop,” Jensen intervened. causing the rest of the room to sit back in their seats.
“So angsty.” Balthazar groaned.
Dean pushed him, angrily. “Where the hell have you been?”
Cas crouched down into a catcher’s position behind home plate, placing his free hand in a fist behind his back. “Now I don’t have any gear on or a mask...so don’t...kill me, ok?”
“I love you so much Cas.” Dean gushed, kissing Cas over and over again. “Never letting you go again!”
ALL ACTORS WHO APPEAR IN THESE CHAPTERS ARE AU VERSIONS BY NAME AND APPEARENCE ONLY, NO DISRESPECT TO ANY OF THEIR FAMILIES.
With a wink Dean stood up, Cas following suit.
Reaching the window he looked in. Dammit, he wasn’t in there. He pulled at the window and it opened to his relief.. He climbed in, moving slowly towards Cas’s open bedroom door when Cas himself walked in to him with only a towel on.
“Me too...this is going to sound crazy but I just had the strangest feeling of deja vu. Have you ever had that?” he continued. “Like I swear I just had this flash of you saying those words to me just like that before.”
“Thank you. And thanks for watching.” he said with his best Hollywood smile.
“Linda, can you hold all my calls?” he hollered as it continued to ring. “Linda?” Misha called out again to his secretary, as he got up to check on her.
Thunder. Lightening. A deer…
“Looks good. Thanks. Jensen, we should probably talk about what happened last night. I…”
“It’s hot.” he complained, just as another person had approached him to take a picture.
“Don’t. Ok? It’s not even close to being the  weirdest thing he’s ever told me...Cas. I’m good.” Rachel retorted with a hint of a smile.
“Jensen Ackles? I thought that was you!  I’m Matt Cohen.” The man said as he offered his hand to shake. Jensen seemed to take a moment before realizing this was him, the new guy.
“Left my jacket in my locker. With all the excitement I just...I was freezing.”
“I miss him Mom.” he sighed.
“Jensen nodded, “Sure. Will do.”
Suddenly Jensen’s monitor began to beep rapidly, followed by one long flat-line. A team of nurses and doctors came running in. G.M. Rachel, and the angels could only stand there, helpless, as they shocked his heart and performed C.P.R.
Misha and Jensen circled around her, crushing her in a group hug.
“Yes.” his mother intervened, proving his suspicions right, and giving him a wink.
“Know that too!”
“Mom? I have to go. I have another meeting right now.”
“Have you always...been one of them?” his father asked awkwardly.
Misha moved quickly,  trapping Jensen’s perfect face between his hands, taking just a moment to admire those green eyes that haunted his dreams every night, before plunging his tongue deep between those inviting lips, swirling his tongue around his, tasting the shared red wine. Jensen let out a moan, arching upwards, opening himself to Misha’s lips as they made their way down his neck, nipping at sucking at his pulse points, before hovering his warm breath over Jensen’s peaked  exposed nipple, slipping it into his mouth, then giving it a hard, popping suck. Misha pulled his shirt off, desperate for skin to skin contact, their hips grinding together, as feverish kisses were passed back and forth.
“No. At least it’s not my throwing arm. But I'm ...”
“I think this should fit?” she said to the man when she noticed they were no longer alone. “Jensen! Sweetheart! Happy Birthday! What are you doing here so early? Did you meet Mr. Collins? Poor thing dumped hot oatmeal all over himself.”
Dean nodded, waving at a few people as they passed them by and walked into the house.
Getting out of the shower first, Jensen returned to the bedroom to the sound of Misha’s phone ringing. Looking at the screen, he noticed 10 previous missed calls from the network and answered it.
Thunder. Lightening. A deer…
“That...it doesn’t even count, does it, Uriel?”
“Hold on.” he replied with a gruff tone.
“Who the fuck does this guy think he is?” someone barked as Dean returned that arrogant grin back at the rookie batter..
“Grow up.” Uriel demanded, rolling his eyes. “And quit making  a mess. We still need to say it.”
Back in the locker room, Cas packed up quickly as the rest of the team celebrated their victory that clinched the Hawkeye’s spot in the state championship game in two weeks. His heartbeat thumped wildly in his ears, his nerves about what happened in the dugout with Benny was getting the best of him as he made his way to the door. Was Benny right? Did everyone think that? Did Dean? As he pushed his way through the double doors, he found four of his teammates, drinking from a couple bottles wrapped in brown paper. The door slammed closed behind him.
Dean returned to his guests, making his family quite happy. As he looked around, he knew this would be the last time he would see most of them. Lisa and her family arrived soon after, and Dean played along just as he had promised Cas, her arm laced through his once felt so natural, now felt more sinful than anything written in the Good Book. Dean would intermittently run back into the house to call Cas again, but still no answer. Bobby Singer finally arrived, Dean ran to meet him in his car. Just the sight of him relieved a small bit of the pressure that had built within his chest since he got the news.
“Any chance you brought your glove?” Dean inquired as Cas approached him.
"Jensen, I just wanted to tell you how sorry I am, and that what I did to you was so wrong.” Dylan said, moving closer to Jensen on the coach. “I know I can’t ask you to forget what I did, but I hope you will consider forgiving me someday.” he said softly, his hand moving on to Jensen’s knee.
“This isn’t who you are son! You were raised in this house to be a God fearing man, it’s a sin Dean! It's forbidden, and you know it. Now go upstairs, I don’t want you to wake your mother. She was exhausted with worry. We’ll talk more in the morning.”
"Well, obvs. If not for you, then for poor gay Harrison Ford you suckered in with your green eyes and bow legs."
"If it is my choice, I'm going. With Dean," Castiel adds, as if that much wasn't already given.
Still feels like shit though.
Over the noise, Dean shouts, "We need to find it!"
at that, because, hey. He gets it. He'd work at a dump too if it meant flirting with a cute girl all day.
Dean already has regrets about this.
Mid-fume, there's a cup of hot chocolate shoved in Dean's face.
It's small and smoky and smells like an ashtray, but the beer on tap is half-decent. They don't bother this time making small talk, just head straight away for a table in the corner near the juke box.
Finally, Cas says, "Do you have a preference?" and then looks up, locking eyes with Dean.
"This is your problem," Cas tells him. He's given up on the donut to instead trap Dean in another one of their stare-offs. Dean tries not to squirm away from it, mostly because he's got years of exposure to make him immune to the gazing by now, he's a friggin' pro, dammit, but also because there's nothing to squirm
"Shower dibs," Dean called out a little too loudly, crazy-sounding. He bolted for the door.
Dean snaps a look at Cas that begs him to not read into that, raising his voice to say, "We've got company," and then, "Shut up."
Taking out his phone, Dean snaps a picture and sends it to Castiel, mindful of the people around him. He probably looks like one of those douchebags instagramming their food.
“You wanna chase after him, by all means. Not like we got other places to be.”
Cas is glaring too from his spot sprawled out beside Dean, chest heaving. He looks as pissed as he was the one and only time Dean got stupid-drunk at a party and drove himself home. Cas had socked him in the jaw and called him selfish for that, and they didn't talk for almost two weeks after.
But since the Crowley deal. Since the Purgatory souls and Sam's mind-wall and, hell, everything in between, it's been harder and harder to figure out
He smiles. "Yup."
“Pretty sure I caught him massagin’ one out over some geek spellbook. Freak,” Dean says with some fondness.
"You're damn right. So, what is it? You boys doin' okay?"
He lets that hang there like a thrown punch before finally heading over to deal with a customer who's been eyeballing them the past five minutes to get their attention.
Which, good thing? Bad thing? Dean considers the options in his mind. Just to cover his bases, he also thinks one last 'fuck it.'
"Good god, you afraid of an electric bill?" comes Bobby, halfway through the door and cranky already. "Turn on the damn heat, some of us still like to feel our fingers and toes. And aren't you the one always out front with the little--" That's the miming of a bell, and directed at Cas, who bristles like this is some ongoing prank at his expense.
"So?"
"I'm not," Cas says. Well, squints. "I want to."
Dean scowled at Benny. The asshole.
"Sure. Cowboy Junkies on the radio--"
"Wear something hot. Byeeeee!"
"Yeah, you only
we have a pot brewing around here somewhere," she tells him. There's a slight teasing lilt to her voice. It's a diner. No shit they have coffee. Her gaze lands on Dean, then, and she lifts the corners of her smile back up. "What about you?"
Dean can't tear his eyes off Cas as he steps out of the Impala. He goes around her hood feeling like there's a rope tying the two of them together--it keeps losing its slack, getting tighter and tighter until he's right there in front of him.
They raid the mini fridge for breakfast. Its shelves are stocked with things like chocolate and whip cream, and Dean tries not to think too hard about why, going for the plastic cups of fruit.
The look he's getting back is somewhere between apologetic and sheepish.
conversation has since fallen to the wayside.
“Got any leads, like, I don’t know. ‘California man walks on water'?”
"I'm Castiel. I wanted to let you know I've been noticing you all night, and I wanted to leave this with you, before I left."
?'--"
"For real, I will hit you."
"Ha," Dean said. "Bite me."
Dean spins back on him, amped up to ten. "How the hell would even know. Huh? You weren't there."
"Thanks," she says, seated in a chair across from them. She takes a small, obligatory sip before clutching it in her lap, both hands wrapped around the glass. "And thanks for coming over."
It took Dean's brain a while to process that, probably out of self-preservation. But it clicked. Holy christ did it click. "Oh, god." Dean put his beer on the coffee table. "I'm gonna be sick." Head between his knees. That was the position they taught you to duck into when a nuclear disaster struck, right? And this had to be on par with at least a tornado drill.
Getting a grip, Dean says, "Name?" as indifferent as possible, even though there's no one else around yet, and even if the place were packed, Dean knows his usual customers. He never has to ask who's drinking what, let alone who he's making it for.
Dean learns, eventually, that he's landed smack in the middle of Kermit, Texas, and so far his only knowledge of the place is that it's flat the whole way across, dry as hell, and that it is the actual worst.
Yeah. Very bad.
"When'd Big Mouth come in here flapping his gums, anyway? He obviously told you."
"Okay."
Dean gets defensive. "Newsflash, I have those."
Through the rush of blood in his ears, Dean could hear Cas shuffling around. He also heard Cas' stilted breathing, the rustle of sheets, each and every bodily shift that made the mattress give slightly beneath them, the bouncy recoil of springs --
"I'm helping him take his socks off!" Dean shouts by way of excuse.
Dean falls back onto the pillows and pretends there isn't a sting in his chest.
"Sit down before you pass out," Dean commanded without looking away from the skillet. When Cas only moved his scowl from the fridge to Dean, Dean snuck a quick glance at him before snorting.
Dean snorted, running a handful of water over his face. First time he did that, he half-expected his skin to melt off. Now it was a godsend. "Yeah? Tell that to your thorny Meg love."
Dean forces out a nonchalant, "Yeah, well, Tolk's doing good," like that's what Cas is talking about.
Cas seems confused by... well, all of that, but he consents. "Fair enough."
Sam's slack beside him on the couch, typing something up on his phone. Probably a text. Probably to Jess.
Dean says, "Any time," and his tone is just as clipped. There's another 8-second long staring contest before Dean snorts and books it back toward the shop.
"Okay. Real funny."
"Yes, constantly, at the cost of your judgment."
Dean felt his own self-worth take a dive. His voice, when he answered, was rough and shaky like it was him asking for forgiveness here. "Don't be stupid."
"21 Jumpstreet, then? Though, honesty zone? I kinda feel like we're doing a whole Never Been Kissed thing here. I keep waiting for the montage."
Realizing Castiel is still staring expectantly, Dean clears his throat and paints on his brightest, fakest, most inner spirit-crushing smile. "You?"
Cas follows, waiting as Dean checks the door to see if it's locked. "I wasn't trying to be positive."
"Point proven. I'm serious, though. I'll meet you in the food court in... mm, twenty minutes cool with you?"
Dean scoffs and stuffs his partially eaten hamburger in front of his face. He chews off a mayo-heavy bite, a glob of it winding up back on his plate, and asks, "Why not?"
"Really?" Benny pretended to be sorry about that, overly so. "Go figure, me cuttin' through one of your starin' contests. That almost never happens."
"Good. Get comfy."
Then, he's there. All around him the sky is purple from the sun manhandling the moon elsewhere, the darkness of night rapidly turning into the light of dawn. The grass under Dean's shoes is slippery with morning dew and the crickets are pretty pissed about their night cut short, a nearby group of them chirping their loud complaints.
Awesome.
"Could use some freakin' LEMONADE!" Dean yells after him.
Castiel's next text comes through. Dean reads it while Sam says, "Okay," like the sarcastic little shit he is. "Tell her 'hi' for me."
At least Cas is in just as much disbelief that Sam isn’t catching on as Dean is. That’s reassuring.
Her lips curled into a dry, mean smile. "Keep tuggin' my braids like that, a girl might think it means something."
Cas takes a leap of faith.
"Like that?" Dean says, sucking where he's bitten. He leaves a trail of warm saliva.
Dean swings his legs off the bed, into a sitting position. It's super fucking nuts to feel anxious about a text message from a dude who mistook you for a guy who might want to possibly eventually fuck, right? There's no reason for it. That's a compliment.
"Hey, I'm just trying to fill in some blanks here," Sam defends, hands up.
"I miscalculated," Cas says again for Sam's benefit, and Sam eyeballs the mess on the floor. Then his eyebrows lift to his hairline and his gaze sneaks over to Dean real cheekily.
"Dean," Sam whines, tossing in the towel. "God, man, what the hell's wrong with you? You stare at that guy every day--"
Dean wills himself the mental fortitude to keep going. “That’s not the point. I'm sayin', you sit this close, everyone'll think we're, you know.” Cas's stare let’s Dean know, no, he doesn’t in fact know. Dean somehow gets out, “
Cas comes in again the following day, bundled, as usual, in his flasher's trenchcoat and scarf. He hasn't even started bothering people for the day and his cheeks are already flushed from the cold.
Dean needs a moment to process that. Cas and his freaking casually loaded declarations. They happen so frequently now, you'd think he'd be immune, but, nope. Instead, it's like he's grown hypersensitive to them. Now that he knows the guy so well, they hang around his thoughts a lot longer, harder to shake off.
"Than... regular? No?" He's pretty sure those things come in one size of googly and one size only.
"Wait, that crappy TV show from the 80's, the one no one in their right mind watched? Cas."
There's a calendar on the wall stuck on September 2013, Dean notices. Also, he's pretty sure the scattering of tools are Bobby's. Mostly the space is a mess of boxes.
"Just embrace it, man."
Carefully, like he's tiptoeing around, Sam says, "When we were ready to give up, to end it ourselves, you told Chuck to bring everyone back. Cas."
Body parts crushed together and it was both too much and not enough, which was such a mindfuck especially because Dean's thoughts were bouncing all over the place like an overactive kid hyped up on sugar.
"Holy crap," Dean cut in, with his head falling back, gaze lifting towards a perpetually grey sky. "Kill me. Kill me now."
"Seriously, that was epic levels of failure. I haven't seen a fail that bad since JRo fessed to the whole internet that Hermione should've endgamed with Harry. I mean, duh, preaching to the I-told-you-so here, but talk about a viral meltdown."
He has some pretty damn good instincts; Dean smiles innocently, then surges out of the water, wrapping around Cas and dragging him under so fast, there's hardly even a splash. It lasts a whopping two seconds, and Dean's not doing anything he wouldn't do to Sam, but when he pops back up for air, he worries this is crossing a line that'll wind up backfiring on him.
"One king," she announces, handing both the credit card and room card over. "You guys are in 201." Suddenly a grin grows across her face. "Enjoy."
After a few seconds of facially communicating back-and-forth '
Where
Dean folds the wallet and puts it back where he found it. He sips his beer and tells himself nothing's changed, and he's halfway to believing that when the jukebox skips to the next track and some Zep starts playing.
He's almost off the porch entirely when Naomi stops him. "Dean," she says, making him close his eyes before turning her way. "You know you're welcome here, anytime. Even with Castiel moving on."
"I feel like a brand new guy, and, what's that? My dick's grown three sizes for Cas, and all 'cause you opened my eyes?"
, except, apparently, Cas still
"Figured," Dean agrees, trying to keep his growing affection for the weirdo in front of him at a manageable level.
"Is it you or me you think so little of?" Cas demands, grounding it out in Dean's ear.
“And if you give me any version of 'I'm fine,'” Bobby imitates, cutting in before Dean can do just that, “I'll kick your ass six ways to Sunday. Don't lie to me, Dean.”
"Curious," Dean repeats. "About the
. Not interruptin', am I?" He said it with enough drawl that Dean felt uncomfortable at what he was hinting at. Not that Dean wasn't used to getting the
Sam's shoulders hunch up to his ears. He looks like freaking Scrooge as he shuffles past, squinting to minimize the brightness.
Sam is squatting now, lining the hammer up with a nail pressed into the railing. At the sight of Cas, he smiles real big. "Hey."
Cas lets go and the djinn stumbles back, clutching at its throat and making gurgling noises. Its eyes are wide and locked on Dean. When it collapses, it twitches just a second before going completely still, dead.
"Yeah, you burn the doll?"
Cas was the first to break the stare-off. Dean heard his foot fall a couple beats after his, and then the low chuckling of Benny right behind them.
Cas let go of Dean so that they could feel each other, so that it was skin on skin, and Dean was pretty sure he was going to explode one way or another because nothing had ever felt this good before.
“You got duped. That’s not on you.”
He stuffs the journal, and the picture, back in the drawer and stands up. Cas eyes the night stand with a look that says no good can come from denying a sharing-is-caring moment, but Dean's had his fill of those lately. "Hey, I'm starved. You hungry? 'Cause I could eat."
Cas swallows, his Adam's apple bobbing. "It wasn't about you."
He glowers, which confuses the hell out of Sam, and says, "Thank you," as tersely as humanly possible before nodding and whisking out of there.
one on the block," Dean sets the record straight, because it's true. And bragging makes his skin crawl. "But, yeah. Enjoy."
Sam's stare back let's him know he's not fooling anyone here. That, between the lines, Dean's coming through loud and clear. All Dean can do is hold it back, unwavering and sure.
"Hungry?" he asks Cas.
Cas appears at the top of the stairs.
He's prepared to scoop up another handful of rocks to get Cas' attention again, but the front door creaks open from ten feet away and Dean's courage takes a swift, suicidal dive.
"We talked," Sam defends.
A reassuring hand lands at his shoulder, then soon winds up the back of his neck, clasping pretty intimately.
Dean yanked at Cas' covers until Cas caught on and let him in. Their legs grazed while he made himself comfortable, but growing up Dean had shared a bed with Sam so often, it wasn't weird. For him, anyway. He felt Cas shy away, noticeably putting some distance between them both until they weren't touching at all, until it was like the freaking Grand Canyon between them.
He's still just mouthing at Cas through his pants, but he's snuck his free hand around Cas' waist and dragged him close, keeping him there, which Cas seems to like, if the needy thrust that follows the manhandling is anything to go by. The sound of Dean jacking off is muffled by the towel, which, you know, sort of painful considering as dry of a rub as it is, but they're both groaning and breathing heavily, overly loud with the acoustics of the bathroom.
When he runs his hand over his body to slick away any leftover suds, he feels the stirrings he has come to associate with sex. He doesn't indulge often, but he likes that he can do this himself without the aide of another person. Particularly because afterward he doesn't need to worry about waking up with a knife in his stomach.
Maybe Cas is tuned into the same thing he is, because he just seems to
Charlie's shaking her head, fingers flying through the cash drawer. "Please don't pyro our boss," she pleads once more, only half-joking.
A statement, not a question. It raises some red flags. More than a few; a whole slew of them hoist inside of him like some kind of ceremonial warning.
"What?" Cas asks, noticing. He's doing the head tilt thing, though it's lost some of its charm now that there isn't any of that otherworldly innocence to back it up anymore. Dean never really thought he'd ever miss that alien-type naivety Cas seemed to wear like a second skin, but then again, Dean wasn't really prepared for a lot of this stuff, was he?
Dean's waiting for the
Sam waits until they've been on the road long enough that the tail lights ahead of them have started to go blurry.
His hand's still on his -- he lets go abruptly, scrambling to turn the water off. The sudden quiet is disconcerting but welcoming. "I'm all finished," he calls out, his voice cracking.
Cas comes in with a wince at the bell. Dean's head snaps up the second he hears it.
“I know,” Dean tells Cas, his stare locked dead ahead, “but. I wanna. I'm gonna,” he insists, to himself as much as Cas.
"Yeah," Dean said. He ignored how wrecked that sounded. How it cracked. "Loyalty.")
Cas takes a minute. "Okay. But that doesn't change our feelings--"
Cas looks annoyed. Cas also looks thoroughly debauched, his lips already turning red and his mouth messy with saliva. "You love me," he says to Dean, like a reminder that's borderline an accusation. "Well, I love you too."
So much of that stings. Like, not just hurts Dean's feelings, but lands like a solid blow. And the worst part is, he knows he deserves it, he's pushed Cas here, but it still sucks to hear the truth.
"Well. Yeah. And, you know, other people. Me. Sam."
"Wow," Dean says.
Dean doesn’t take his eyes off Cas as he grins and adds, “Make that two.”
Castiel's ripped paper is still right there on the table when Dean gets up. He should throw it away. Well, recycle. Responsible adult here.
Sam stands back up in a fit. "I hate to break it to you, Dean, but that same guy? He's you."
Dean tries for a laugh. It's a sad-sounding thing. "I don't know, seems pretty normal to me."
In the first chapter, when Sam said, "Sometimes people connect emotionally and it's just as satisfying as sex. Spoiler," it really WAS a spoiler. 🤯
A piece of paper is thrust into Dean's hand. Before Dean's brain can so much as process even a percentage of that, the guy is bolting in a way more successful and dignified fashion than Dean had managed in their previous encounter.
Another day, another dropped meal, only this time it's a sandwich that clatters to the floor. The plate breaks too.
Like he's lured him in, he flashes Dean a smile, predatory and coy all at once. "Oh, you know. Hates bars, but here, so. You're obviously a good friend. Not to mention, king of the karaoke."
"I'm not joking. I think you've liked him for a while, too. Since we were in high school--"
"Dean," Cas tries, staring first at Dean's reddening face, then his very down-for-the-count junk. "You're--"
"Well, yeah."
"You good?" Dean says with a teasing lilt.
"Oh," Cas gives back. "Is everything okay?"
Oh, that's perfect. That's great. Dean gets what this is now. Sam's sticking his gigantic nose where it don't belong. Too bad he doesn't know that whatever's between Dean and Cas, it's very much mutual, so his shitty matchmaking attempt is only going to backfire.
Dean didn't even know what the big deal was. They had lunch with Meg all of... okay, never. Point, but Meg was scary and Lisa was awesome. And it wasn't like Cas had never hung out with any of the girls Dean had liked before. And this was new, who knew where it could lead, but it wasn't going to go anywhere at all if Cas was a bitch about it right off the bat.
"Yeah, it is." Cas doesn't look convinced. Dean puts the last box on a work table beside all the others. They've got something of a wall built. "I get it, future-me is king of all dicks. But I can't fix someone else's problems, Cas."
“You don’t sit this close,” he tells Cas, with a one-handed sweep at the lack of space between their bodies. “Especially not to other guys.”
"Right? Lucky I'm awesome. He missed."
The guy says, "Sorry. What's your name?" His voice is as deep as Dean remembers it being, but there's something underneath it, something that adds a pause.
"Dude, I need a little more excitement here. Where's my 'you go girl'?"
There's a heat winding its way up his sternum that he finds he likes, one he has previously only associated with the warmth of a dry sleeping bag and, once, burritos.
"Cas, man, she's full-fledged nuts. Like the kind that lures people into traffic. How do you not see that?"
The dots go wild as Cas responds.
"Also," Cas says, eyes flicking to meet Dean's this time, "I'm not gloomy. And I'm fairly taller than you'd have people believe."
Dean stands in the kitchen and clasps Cas fondly on the shoulder for really no reason other than the fact that, you know what, he appreciates Cas' camaraderie. Simple as that, and always has.
"I said I was scared," Cas reminds him. "Dean, it was this."
Uncomfortable with how genuine the moment's turned, Dean slips past Cas with a blow-off clap to his shoulder. "Okay."
"Cas. Yes. I swear to god, yes."
Standing near enough for their legs to touch, which emits a small line of heat, Dean bends slightly at the waist and starts rolling Cas's sleeve up. He's careful about it, like Cas is vulnerable in some way, and the rage that swells instantly upon realization almost causes Cas to react. But it's not pity here. Dean most likely doesn't assume he's weak simply because he's hurt. It's attentiveness because Dean is concerned, and that is almost harder to handle.
"You don't understand," he sighs.
Bobby's chair creaked as he sat back in it. "Don't 'sir' me."
"Holy water. Come on," he says around the handle when Sam isn't immediately forthcoming.
"I'm right here."
"Dean."
and it's in his handwriting. Grocery list, probably, but it tells him squat.
On any other person, it'd look like Dean's been sulking the past ten minutes. Screw that, though, Dean's just been reflecting. In a manly, solitary way. That he feels like shit is only a coincidence.
"Right," he says, taking it. He flashes those sympathy-eyes once more too, the big sap. "Thanks."
His head hasn't been in the greatest place lately, so who knows what the hell he said to Lisa. The god's honest truth, maybe. A lie that he wants to move in with her. He doesn't know which one terrifies him worse, how fucked up is that?
It lasts only a moment and then Cas breaks away, slipping past Dean in the doorway.
“Gonna come flyin' back to you one way or another. We could at least be that much closer to gettin' outta here when he does.”
A couple minutes later it was Cas' turn to storm Dean's room.
"I disliked her," Cas confesses along the way. It's right against his ear, which makes Dean realize they're still holding hands, and okay, yeah, fake married, but no. So much no.
"You don't believe me?"
"Sam also mentioned they've been storing the doll--"
surprised to find he doesn't mind so much.
Rescue Castiel from Purgatory and reunite him with the Winchesters, who will, by any force necessary, fail to close the gates of both Heaven and Hell.
"Okay, but. Creepy old doll? Who in their right mind would buy something like that?"
"No way," he grounds out in a low hiss, just in case Sam or Kevin are near and might somehow know what's being asked of Dean.
"Don't you have other people to harass? Like, I don't know. Not me?"
' sigh, which, truthfully, earns the first genuine smile of the conversation. "You're not funny, Dean, you're a creep."
He only meets Dean's eyes at the end of all that, and even then the 'go' is implied and it’s with some pleading rather than a command to leave posthaste.
"Hel-lo, handsome stranger," Charlie says in the tone equivalent of a leer, "are you joining us?"
When she didn't elaborate any, he prompted, "Okay?" nice and slow.
It smiles when it notices its company, pleased and taunting.
"Dean," Sam sighs, his weekly realization that Dean reacts to being backed into a feelings-corner about as well as a caged bear. Meaning, he's grouchy and nearing the point where he starts swiping his paws to fend off the attack. "All I'm saying is, I don't care. Okay? Cas is cool. And I know, ever since Lisa and Ben--"
"That's not... Cas," he says again, hoarse all of a sudden.
Jo stares him down. "Say anything to Sam," she warns, and Dean's palms flip right up in surrender.
Charlie's still inside. Who he pretty much ditched without a word. But, this is Cas.
Coast clear, Cas bolts to his feet, panicked again.
"Wow. And you're the family liberal."
Castiel
Technically Dean knows who Amelia is. The Dean who is of this timeline, anyway, which means the Dean who very much does
"This upsets you?"
"The ham and cheese sandwich, I think," Cas answers.
"You okay, Cas?" Dean asks him.
It's about as sappy as it gets, but instead of being repelled by Cas' honesty, Dean is hit with the urge to reciprocate. He smiles back, and it's mushy as fuck, and his heart feels like it's swelled up the size of his whole chest, but this is the best it's ever been between them in -- ever, maybe. Since before Purgatory, at least.
Cas adds, looking at Dean intently again, "Should I be uncomfortable?"
When Dean turned back to Cas, Cas already looked like he'd been told to fuck off, his shoulders dropping and his face so damn sad it made Dean get vicarious pangs. His heart ached too, and at first he thought it was because their friendship was about to get royally messed up and broken, but then he realized it was because Cas thought Dean was going to reject him and that was not okay. That was dead wrong, actually.
Dean just shrugs. Inside, his heart is jackhammering and there's a sour feeling in his stomach, like he's going to be sick, but on the outside he is cool, blank. "I don't know what you want me to say, Cas."
"Yuck it up," he tells Amelia and Cas both.
"I'm attracted to you," Cas says back reasonably, like it's an explanation and excuse all in one. Of course it makes Dean gape at him before he bolts into a sitting position.
Cas lets that sit. Then he says, "Maybe I did," which is like an a-bomb dropped on Dean's brain.
"I'd like you to officially meet Tolk." Cas comes to Dean's side so he can get a good peek in. Sure enough, it's in there. Little beady eyes. Big ears. Twitchy coke nose. Rabbit, confirmed.
"Dude. I had a girlfriend," Dean reasons.
For some reason, Cas is wide-eyed, staring at Dean like he committed some social faux pas. Dean's struggling to figure out why, until Sam sniggers and covers it up with a cough. Then it hits: date, honey.
It's said with such solemn conviction, Dean barks out a laugh. Which, honestly, is the whole point, getting Cas to say that is why he went with this game over anything else. And, okay, a part of him also remembers days like this when Sam was sick as a kid, the two of them spread out on motel beds and their dad gone on a hunt. It's stupid and nostalgic and he knows it's not the same with grown ass men, but those are good memories and, hell, introducing them to Cas can't hurt anything.
Suddenly, Dean's face feels hot, and he knows he's got some seriously flushed cheeks to go along with it. He's not a dummy--he can read between the lines here. Last time Cas wanted to meet in person, Dean fled like a virgin in a whore house. No wonder Cas assumed Dean's radio silence was another act of repression.
"Then I was made to destroy the one being in all of creation that still had faith in me. I put a sword through my brother because Naomi told me to, and I would've done the same to you--"
"Is it Sam?" Dean says nothing, so Bobby takes his silence as affirmation. More than that, he assumes Dean's nursing wounded feelings, which makes him go all soft in front of him. "You can talk to me, Dean. I'm on your side."
"Tell me about it," he jokes, "disappointing parents is what I do."
"If I was an old creepy doll, where would I be," he murmurs as he goes. He uses the barrel of his shotgun to creak open a closet door, but a quick peek inside tells him that's a dead end.
"Better than yours! 'Your body is a temple. Let your wang fly free.'"
wind up being bunk-buddies with Cas in some 3-bedroom/2-bath model home on the outskirts of an apple pie town. No.
He's not the only one who's surprised by it. Naomi sends a challenging look Cas' way to bookend the
"33," Sam says, puffed up like he thinks he's real clever. "You?" He already knows the answer -- same -- so Dean leans the other way and scowls at Cas.
"Jesus," Dean wheezes, still turned on.
"Yeah, because you left. You split and I friggin' prayed to you, Cas, I
the time?" Sam tries one last time, like Cas hasn't been glued to their sides since day freaking one.
Dean ignores it and bats Cas' knee. "Go."
Stupidly, Dean's stomach does a cartwheel, worry kicking for the surface in place of amusement. This is a well-walked path between him and Sam and sometimes—all the time—Dean frets over possible backslides.
"Very," Sam answers, delighted, and openly so.
"Well, that's personal."
"Hey, how's it going?" Sam asks him right away.
Not that he was expecting an affirmation, but Cas let go of him completely. Dean slipped to the flats of his feet, still so close though their arms brushed.
"I'm not gonna show her your skeletons, man," Dean says, a little offended that Sam's as appreciative as he is. He may be a dick sometimes, but come on. He's got his limits.
"There were so many times we had our necks on the line, man. Me and Sam both, and Cas. He always came through. Always in the nick of time. He, uh, kinda broke rank for us. For Sam. For me."
Cas gives him another one of those 'your words are not human words' stares that Dean feels sucked into like it holds some sort of cosmic, black hole power. "Still. I never brought it up only because you never brought it up, and while I know now that's because you were unaware, at the time it seemed intentional. And after meeting Gabriel, I can't say I blame you."
Crystal's smirk skips straight over Dean and lands on Cas, hungrily. "So you're the bronco."
"Leave him alone, Sam. Dean's got himself a real meanie for a boss," Jo mocks, flicking a smile between them. "Don't you? Poor baby."
Cas eyes the towel Dean's got tucked around his waist like it's done something offensive, all the while creeping in even closer. Dean would be lying if he denied the first twitches of a boner, but mostly his focus is on his heart, which is tapping out a panicky, paranoid beat.
Cas' eyes were owlishly large and round. "Yes."
"Whatever. We agreed rings were tacky. We're shackled in our hearts," Dean throws out real quick as passable excuses. "Problem solved."
bendy weekends with, well. Can't blame a guy for seizing an opportunity when it comes knocking.
"Know what you want?" Dean asks Cas. He hasn't even looked at the menu himself. He knows these kind of places like the back of his hand. Hamburgers, sandwiches, and a basket of chicken tenders, he'd bet his baby on it.
Cas doesn't move. Cas stays all up in Dean's face, waiting, so Dean makes a big show out of it. He holds up his hand and slides the ring on, wiggling his finger. "Happy?"
A lie, Cas realizes. But he's better now at determining who is meant to benefit from those, and this one is for his sake, so he accepts it.
In the dark, Cas closes his eyes.
Dean slides his hand down his stomach and grabs his own dick. With Cas watching, he starts pumping his fist up and down harder than usual to get it up again. "Yeah," he says encouragingly, low, thick, "come on."
"I thought we were meeting for lunch?" he said, and somehow he made it sound like some huge Lifetime tearjerker of a betrayal.
"Hot yoga chick," Charlie answers breezily like Dean didn't just flare his eyes at her in some coded version of 'tone it down, woman.' She gestures toward the direction of the parking lot when she says, "You know, works over yea; mother of my future cats, if even semi-gay. Fingers crossed."
"Sweet, 'cause order's up."
Dean turns Sam's smirk back around on him, as satisfied and self-congratulatory as the one he'd been blasted with.
Dean shucks his towel in the corner with Cas's and climbs into bed. He sorta hates himself for the self-conscious way he peels back the covers and slides in, making it more of a big deal than it is. Like Cas even cares.
"Kill me," Dean says.
He stiffens as they pass, flattening himself against the glass door so there's no exchanging of anything even remotely resembling bodily fluids. She pats him as she goes, mistaking his aversion to germs as some kind of messed up chivalry.
Cas uses his grip in Dean's hair to guide him back down.
Then Cas pulls out and thrusts back in, and it's like someone poured gasoline along Dean's spine, then lit a match and dropped it to burn. Arousal licks a path clear up his back, spreading out like tingling flames.
Maybe it's his new Spidey senses -- maybe he just has nothing to lose here, freshly woken from his literal deathbed. But they don't have to keep weighing the scale of their betrayals against each other. All that is gone, the cosmic slate wiped clean.
He winces when the door shuts too loudly behind him.
Dean takes the high road.
"Helluva different career path," Dean can't help but dig.
"Hey, there's always tomorrow," he tells him with his right shoulder lifting in a small shrug. "Uh, you'll get 'em next time?" he offers right after, clearly at a loss for how to properly cheer Dean up without also setting him off.
"Dean?"
"Go protect your books, man."
Sequoia tree Sam towers into view. "What's going on?"
It doesn't take a genius to know Cas is referring to more than what happened three minutes ago. The other day's drama is still hanging around like it turned literal and draped itself from the ceiling.
Bobby slides his hand up to cup Dean's jaw, and he holds onto him like that with a look of such sadness, it physically hurts. "Cas is a good kid," Bobby says softly. "That's all I'm saying." He pats Dean's cheek twice, staring a beat longer, and then finally gets up.
"I like you too," Dean offers.
Glad for the chance to lighten the mood, Dean tosses his oily rag at his brother. "They have to accept you first, you know. Probably make you get a haircut."
"Can we talk?"
"Them tablets--" is as far as Dean gets into that before Sam's practically flapping annoyed limbs in his face, like Dean's got only a few working brain cells left and even those are too stupid to live.
Dean shoves that back into the space he got it and pretends he has no idea what Cas is talking about.
"Well," she says, glancing between Dean and Cas both, "don't just stand there. Come on in. We could use another set of hands."
He's tempted to spill his guts about how, even though Cas is a dork with a scarf fetish and the personality of a cactus, he's sort of fallen for him anyway, which is number one on the list of things currently kicking Dean in his heart's crotch. Number two is the fact that he made it so Cas is never gonna wanna speak to him again. Number three is being committed to the bell on the door from now until forever.
Bobby stares at him in that aw-poor-stunted-Dean way he's gotten pretty used to before drawling, "I wasn't gonna, but now that you mention it. You've got that glow. Who's the daddy?"
"Got any beer back there?" Dean asks, half-joking, but the woman ducks into a refrigerated section and looks at him expectantly. "Corona's good," he says, friendly.
The serious-eyed stares from both ladies cuts off whatever argument he was going to try and distract with.
From across the diner, one of the waitresses notices and sends Dean a smile that so blatantly says 'aww, aren't you two the cutest homos around,' it's pure instinct for him to elbow Cas and gripe, "Other side, man."
"You know we're supposed to be married, right? You know what married people do?"
"Bye," Jess chirps again.
"I heard that, Joanna Beth!" Ellen shouts from all the way in the back storage room, ears like a friggin' bat.
kind, and Dean almost physically shudders once he notices.
Placating, Sam says, "We already got played this same way before. Remember? We could be walking into another trap."
Jo rolls her eyes. “Make him check in. Yeesh.” A little softer, probably sensing his raised hackles, she says, "Good job on the job. I mean it."
They stumble over a pair of sneakers left on the steps, and then that fourth one from the top because it's busted and Dean always forgets, but as soon as they reach the landing Dean smiles real triumphantly and lets go of Cas. Who just stands there and stares at Dean with a mixture of worry, confusion, and mild indignation.
"Zip it," he warns Cas before Cas can do anything, like question whether or not Dean's actually sane right now. They are definitely not dancing around any
The next few are similarly disappointing. Go figure, but shopping for fireworks on the actual holiday means you get the weak spread.
"So, neighbors, huh? I catch that right?" he asks right away, right there on his welcome mat, eyes roaming between Dean and Cas in a way that immediately raises Dean's hackles. It's like he's being judged, like this dude isn't buying the 'boyfriend' thing.
Sam says, "It'll just take a sec."
"Fine," Sam relents. "Call it whatever you want, I don't care. I'm just... happy you're happy."
Even though no words are actually formed, it's, in fact, just a lot of heated frowning and exhaling, Sam's fluent in it.
Tuesday night dinners at Bobby's have been mandatory since Dean was 24 and he could afford to live on his own. It's not often they miss them.
Grumbling under his breath, Dean rolls his shoulders out to loosen up the knotted muscles of his back and turns again to face the road, all without vocalizing his baby's first and most stubbornly enforced rule, which is: 'driver picks the music; shotgun shuts his cakehole.'
Hodge-podge probably doesn't count. Dean goes a different route, like many'a bullshitter before him.
With some tranquility of his own, Cas says again, "Go. I'll be here."
Sam's staring at him like he's the least subtle human being in the world, but Christine starts rubbing her hands down her arms like, yeah, now that he's brought it up, it is kind of drafty in here.
He looks over at Cas, the sun high in the sky, windows rolled down, both of them content as hell right now, and turns some Led Zeppelin up on the radio.
It's four minutes of that, tops, before Cas stills, then flies apart. He comes quietly but desperate, all the air in his lungs pushed out in one long, silent groan, and normally Dean would be pretty damn pleased with himself, except now that his single-minded mission to get Cas off is over, he's feeling just how neglected his own junk's been.
"Fine. You and Cas, then," he suggests, aiming it at Sam. He grins real big, getting into it. "Your hair, his eyes? You know what they call that? Power couple!"
“I mean, yeah,” he leans in, talking lowly out the side of his mouth, “but you say it like that, we're gonna have a repeat of last time.” When Dean and Cas got chased out of that brothel by two big dudes and some angrily flung high heels.
, Dean would risk it, Cas would be with them, but instead he's bound by this self-sacrificing need to keep Sam safe, even when it costs him—
That doesn't mean he doesn't gruffly remind his brother, "Stray, Sam."
Cas covers up the bird again, its tweets immediately muffled. Dean can tell he's taken a wrong turn here somewhere, but he doesn't know
"Oh, hey! My brother who's dead to me," Dean answered with. "What's up? Me," he spoke over Sam, "I'm awesome. I hate myself, and Cas hates me too, but other than that?" He held the phone in front of his face to bark into it, "
Dean finally meets Cas' eyes, hard as that even is for him. He bats at Cas' nearby knee, playfully hitting it with the back of his hand. It's an attempt at levity that utterly crashes and burns. "Cas, come on."
Cas' hands are on the move too; they sweep up Dean's back, fingers fisting in the fabric along the way, dragging Dean's shirt far enough up that he feels a cool tickle of air. Goosebumps follow. When the backs of Cas' knees hit the bed, his grip tightens and he takes Dean down with him.
"Why?"
There's a bar Dean lets Sam take him to, though they go with Cas in Cas' scuffed up, crummy Volvo, Cas at the wheel. Dean slides into the passenger side automatically, ignoring Sam's scowl when Sam thus gets delegated to the very small backseat with its lack of proper seat belts and general aura of doom. The thing's probably never even be Christened properly, which is a thought that circles with interest inside Dean's head before being discarded as irrelevant.
"Eat up," he tells him, shoving a fry of his own into his mouth. If Dean had really wanted to wow him, the fries would've been homemade, but tonight they're straight out of a frozen bag. Maybe next time.
"Who, then, am I creeping on? You?"
"You're discussing... pie." Castiel squints at him to convey his disbelief.
"Huh," Sam says. He squints in that general direction again, but at least he's not so blatant this time around. "You know, that guy
Dean's mind is racing, his thoughts moving too quick to stick. But he's getting closer and closer to something tangible.
Relative, anyway, since Sam is sleeping 18 hours a day, still only partially recovered from the trials, and Cas is only four months into a humanity he was forced into.
"Alright," Dean says, and makes sure everyone knows he means 'don't say I didn't warn you' by it.
Doesn't mean that Dean's not hyper-aware Cas is sitting closer than he usually sits. He endures it through a commercial break, then five minutes of a TV show he's only half paying attention to before he remembers they now have the kind of relationship that includes voluntarily rutting against each other until they both get off. What the hell are they still doing downstairs?
Cas is upstairs in his room flicking through dresser drawers, in one hell of a bad mood. Dean hangs back in the doorway and doesn't get acknowledged, even as he dips his weight forward and claps his hands together, once.
Cas repeats, "Sometimes?" in a tone that implies there ought to be a higher occurrence rate than that.
"Dean, I gotta go, I've got class. Okay? I'll call you later."
They need to not be at the door.
From her vantage point, this probably looks pretty bad.
"Castiel," the guy answers, after a pause.
So, yeah. Dean's pulse spikes. He forgets all about the creamers, pushing the box aside.
"Yeah, you're Methuselah." He rolls his eyes, waiting. "So?"
"Leave them men alone, Art," Judith hollers from the back.
The alternative, however, is this. Him and Dean constantly weighing the scales of their crimes against one another. It's the last thing he wants. To lose Dean? It's unacceptable.
After, they needed a few minutes just to come down. Dean was even more out of breath, and he dropped his forehead to Cas's, nuzzling it for a second before he rolled off, flopping lazily to the side.
"Yeah, well, Sam thinks it's a good idea to start finding out what makes these things tick," Dean reminds him. Which is true. They've got an entire room on one of the downstairs floors set up like a morgue. Dean had seen it and shuddered at the jars of demon parts swimming around in formaldehyde, but not Sam. Sam's eyes glazed over, and now. Now Dean and Cas are dragging the reeking corpse of a djinn back to the bunker with them so his brother can play Frankenstein.
Sam looks properly chastized. Even Dean relents. "Alright," he says. "We get it. No fighting. No need to go all Rain Man on us, Cas."
Cas finally sits down beside Dean, which makes Dean feel awkward for all of three seconds while Cas fusses around and gets comfortable, arranging a paper towel napkin in front of him. "You always say that. Well, the other-you."
Cas likes the diners they eat at. The kind where you get a booth in the back and the music from a jukebox loops overhead. Padded seatings and sticky table tops. Burgers, fries, pie, and all the clogged arteries a guy could want.
Dean bottles it in, because it's done anyway.
"Hey, how about some, ah—” shit, "—Modge Podge?" he suggests, just throwing that out there because it's the one damn thing that's stuck.
“Of course…” The longest pause in the world. “…sweetie bear,” Cas agrees diplomatically. Dean, meanwhile, loses half his working brain cells in the mental explosion that follows.
By the time the 4th of July rolls around, Dean's just glad for a break in the monotony.
Dean had been busy setting out pastries, but now that he's no longer alone, and once he sees who it is, he aborts to... well, to stand at the counter awkwardly until Scarf Guy breaks the standstill.
"Did you know," Cas cuts in, "there are more stars in the sky than grains of sand on the Earth?" He's staring up where the blue is beginning to fade away to pinks and purples with the setting sun. A couple stars, the closest ones, are only now becoming visible.
“Castiel.”
“I’m good, thank you.”
“What?”
“I’m not a big fan of pie.”  Dean shook his head, looking out the window.
“If you hate it…I’ll pay for your dinner.   But if you don’t, I’ll still pay, because I’m not an ass.  But you’ll have to let me give you a ride tomorrow.  My legs are tired of all this walking.”  Castiel stared at him before nodding his head.
“That sounds vaguely threatening,” Castiel said before he was lifting the food to his mouth and biting in.  He made a sound similar to the one Dean had made over the pie as the taste hit him, and Dean let out a small whoop, fist punching into the air.
“Oh, I pick Sam up and then he usually drops me off and takes her.  I usually go get dinner after you kick me to the curb, and then he comes and picks me up,” he said, shrugging.  “Hey!  Why don’t you come get dinner with me tonight?”  Dean looked to Castiel, grin still in place, and Castiel wondered if his being so happy was hard on the muscles in his cheeks.
His mind wandered as he walked.  His second night Dean had stopped by him again, and Castiel had gathered the passenger was his brother, Sam, and politely declined his offer again.  The third night, Dean had been without Sam and Cas had honestly been a little more wary to stop and talk, his original thought that he was the first victim returning to him.  He hadn’t seen either of them since, and his mind was burning with curiosity.
“Interesting name, I told you.  Didn’t want to forget it,” he said.  “So why’re you always walking around here in the middle of the night by yourself?” Dean asked, reaching up to pluck a leaf off of a tree as they passed and starting to shred it.
Dean paid while Cas and Sam lingered by the doorway, a silence falling between them that was less comfortable than what Cas had come to find with Dean.  “So…I hope my brother hasn’t been too pushy,” Sam said after a moment.  “He can be a little overbearing sometimes, but he means well.”
“Cas?” he repeated, glancing over at Dean.  He shrugged his shoulders, grin turning sheepish.
“Oh, he is.  Kids going places, he’ll probably have his own law firm soon and everything,” Dean said, looking over at Castiel to notice his decreasing pace.  Castiel eventually came to a stop, turning to look at Dean and giving him a small smile.
“You’re here early,”  Dean observed, his cheeks interestingly pink, scooting over a little to let his brother slide into the seat next to him.
“Your name is a mouthful,” he explained.  “Hm,” Castiel said, thinking it over.  No one bothered to think of a nickname for him before; then again he never bothered to talk to people often enough to give them a reason to.
Not spotting the man, Castiel carried on down the street.  A few blocks later, he heard someone call at his name and stopped, turning around to see Dean rounding the corner and heading up the sidewalk after him.
He sent the message before getting up and digging the book he was supposed to read for the next day out of his bag.  By the time he’d returned to the sofa, there was another message waiting for him.
********
That first touch of air wasn’t anything compared to the harsh gusts of air hitting him as he headed down the sidewalk.  He shoved his hands deeper in his pockets, bowing his head against the wind and starting down the road in the direction of his apartment.  Castiel had been depending on a scholarship for the last two years, and now that it had run out it was up to him to work enough to pay for school, food, and a place to live.  There was no room in that budget for a car, but he didn’t really mind.  Even now, with the frigid wind stinging his cheeks and making his ears numb, it wasn’t unlivable.  He usually avoided being out this late but it was nice in its own way, quiet except the sounds of the wind and the occasional passing car.
"Are you ready for this?" Dean asked, picking up his fork and staring across the table at Castiel, who was slowly pulling his plate in front of him, staring down at the food.   It looked pretty good, but he was honestly a little worried about letting Dean down with his reaction.  Dean hummed a little, staring at Cas hard.  “Go ahead then.”
As far as he was concerned, Dean could give him a ride every day for the rest of his life if it was going to end like that.  Who would have ever guessed that some frankly creepy gesture could lead to something so great?
“Yeah, it went pretty well.  There were a few questions I wasn’t sure about, but I think it will passable.”
Dean pulled the door open and waited for Castiel to walk in before following him, taking the lead as he stalked past him and over to a booth, wiggling himself in and pulling one of the menus from where they were tucked behind the napkin dispenser.  Castiel sat down slowly, shoving his bag into the corner of the booth and slowly picking up a menu himself.
“So I looked up that theory you were telling me about last night.  Blew my mind,” he said, sighing and shaking his head.  “I actually ended up reading about it for hours…Sam didn’t believe me when I told him,” he said with a laugh.
Castiel stopped at the corner, glancing back behind him.  Dean had caught him sometime along his walk every day that week, following him until Castiel turned him before Castiel suggested they part ways in front of his apartment.  Castiel had honestly grown to look forward to each afternoon more and more.  He never said much, but Dean didn’t need much.  He was good at telling stories about his life, which Castiel had gathered was just about bursting with interesting stories.
The entire situation was confusing.  Why would Dean want to spend a significant portion of his night walking Castiel down the sidewalk?  It didn’t make any sense to him.  Then again, thought Castiel didn’t know him well by any stretch of the imagination, he seemed like the kind of person to do what he wanted when he wanted to, and if that meant Castiel had company for an evening or two, he could think of worse things.
“No wonder you hate food!” Dean shook his head. “That should be considered child abuse.  What kind of person has never had a burger,” he muttered to himself before leaning his elbows on the table, staring at Cas expectantly.  “Go ahead then.  I want to see the expression on your face when your entire world is turned upside down.”
“What do you do with your car?” he suddenly asked, and Dean looked over, eyebrows raised.
“I’m sure what I’m about to tell you will cause another rift in our rumored friendship…” Dean snorted and Cas smiled before he continued.  “I’ve never actually had a burger before.”
“It’s not bad.”  Dean grinned and sat back, stabbing his fork into his slice.
********
“Dean’s not as scary as he looks,” the passenger piped, smiling at Castiel and drawing out his dimples even more.  The man- Dean, Castiel was assuming, rolled his eyes before nodding.
As every day passed, however, he’d managed to think over it less, and he was currently deep in thought about the paper he’d spent the slower part of the day working on.   He was so deep in thought he missed the soft rumble of the old cars engine, which stopped before it passed him.  He didn’t, however, miss the sound of footsteps running towards him, jerked from his thoughts and spinning around to see Dean jogging towards him.
“I ended up going to the store instead of my meeting and it didn’t take as long,” he said with a shrug.   “How are you, Castiel?”
“Sounds like he’s pretty smart,” Castiel replied, starting to slow as they approached his apartment complex.  Dean seemed nice enough but leading him straight to his front door still seemed questionable.
Castiel spent another long moment staring at Dean before giving his head a small nod, turning and starting to walk mechanically towards his apartment again.  Dean beamed and fell into stride next to him and silence fell between them for a moment.
“Because it’s about ten degrees below freezing and only dropping,” he said, staring up at Castiel with what he was quickly realizing were startlingly green eyes, noticeable even in the shadows of the car.
A low rumble disturbed Castiel’s reverie and he looked back to the road, starting when he saw an old black car pulling to a stop at the curb.  His heart jumped into overtime and reality crashed down hard.  This was the reason he didn’t walk in the dark, this town wasn’t exactly free of crime.  He took a step back, hands groping in his pockets for some sort of weapon and coming up empty.  The car’s window rolled down and Castiel prepared himself to run if he needed to, his entire body tense.   Inside sat a fairly young looking boy, dimples visible even with only a small smile on his face.  God- that was probably his last victim, or his lure or something.
“You would get along with Sammy well, he’s a giant nerd about protecting the planet and all that too.  And you didn’t answer my question.  Is it a secret?  You a drug dealer?  Would explain the giant coat,” Dean mused, eyes dragging over Castiel in a way he was starting to feel was normal despite the tingly, exposed feeling it sent out over his skin.
“Is that a yes?” Dean breathed , and Cas laughed softly, nodding his head.
/Maybe you can convince him to get a haircut./
A week later and Castiel still had a job, which, by his judgment, had made it a great week.  The weather had also improved immensely, and he’d just gotten back a glowing review on his assignment, all which added up to Castiel being in a pretty good mood.  He hummed softly as he shut the door and locked it, tucking the key into his pocket and heading outside.   He was content with walking slower at a slower pace, the breeze feeling cool and refreshing rather than unbearable this time.
Before he’d even managed to walk home his phone was buzzing in his pocket.  He waited until he was inside to check it, a text from Dean.
“He’s not too bad.  I enjoy his company.  I wouldn’t tell him that though, I think it would go to his head.”  Sam laughed and nodded his head in agreement, looking to Dean as he approached them.
“So...thank you.  It was pretty cold.”  Dean nodded his head, his hand rubbing over the steering wheel a few times, taking a deep breath before looking over at Cas.
“Psychology, that’s my major.  I just work in the English building.  They’re both considered liberal arts anyway,” he explained.
“My apologies, I don’t mean to offend you.”
“Hope you don’t mind Led Zepplin,” Dean called over the music.  “I’m not changing it even if you do.”  Castiel laughed as he dropped his bag by his feet, settling into the seat as he did and pulling the door shut.  Besides hypnotic throb of the bass, the first thing Cas noticed was the smell of Dean’s car.  Leather and cologne and something vaguely fruity he couldn’t place.
Castiel sighed softly before picking up his fork, glancing up at Dean before cutting off a slice and spearing it, bringing it up to his mouth.  At some point he’d ended up staring into Dean’s eyes and he was holding his gaze as he licked his lips one more time before shoving the bite of pie into his mouth.  There was a tense moment while he chewed, Dean’s eyes flicking between Cas’ and his mouth in a way that Castiel wondered was even related to pie.   He eventually finished what was in his mouth, dragging out the expectant silence a moment longer before shrugging his shoulders.
“No thank you,” Castiel replied, his first logical response of the evening, taking another step back.  The man looked him over in a way that made Castiel’s cheeks heat up and heart rate speed but he simply clenched his jaw and tried to keep his gaze level.
By the time Cas had left the car quite a while later, the windows were so fogged that when he glanced back he could hardly see Dean’s silhouette through it.   His lips were tingling and he was sure his hair was nothing short of a disaster but he couldn’t bring himself to care.    He let himself into his apartment, dropping himself onto his bed with a pleased sigh, staring up at the ceiling with a grin.   A moment later, his phone buzzed and Cas pulled it out, the already huge smile on his face growing.
“He’s great,” Dean interjected.  “Did you know he’s never had a hamburger until right now?  I’m changing the world, Sammy, one poor neglected soul at a time.”   Sam snorted and shook his head a little, leaning back in the booth a little as he did.
“Too many ditches close to home?” Dean said with a small laugh.  “Don’t worry man, I get it.  There’s a lot of creeps out here.” Castiel nodded his head, feeling a small sense of relief that the other wasn’t offended.
“Thank you.  Have a good evening,” Castiel said, nodding his head slightly.
“We should hang out sometime.  Maybe something different than walking.  Dinner again would be cool, but not with Sam,” he babbled out, flushing.  Castiel stared at him for a long moment, eyebrows pulling together slightly before a small smile was tugging at his lips.
“Evening, Cas,” Dean said as he approached, flashing the other a wide grin.
“Good,” Dean said, going quiet and staring out the window as they drove along.  Castiel was content just to listen to the music, and it wasn’t a long ride.  He told Dean to turn into the apartment complex.  He pulled smoothly into a spot outside his building, parking the car and turning it off.  The sudden silence seemed drastic, and Cas turned to look at the other.
“You too, man.  See you tomorrow,” he said, pulling his hand from his pocket to give Castiel a small wave before turning and heading back down the sidewalk, whistling loudly as he did and leaving Castiel staring after him for a long moment before he slowly turned and went his own way.  By the time he made it to the front door of his apartment, he felt more baffled than ever.
“Benny!” Dean replied, dropping the menu to the table as he looked up at the man.  “I’m teaching Castiel here about appreciating spectacular food like what your fine establishment produces,” he stated, and Benny laughed, a low and throaty sort of rumble.
“I think I’ve picked Sam up there before.  Why don’t you give me your number, I’ll text you when I get there, okay?” he said, pulling his phone from his pocket and pressing it into Cas’ hand.  He nodded and typed it in quickly before handing it back to Dean, Sam watching the interaction with a ‘I know something you don’t’ sort of smile that made Cas’ cheeks feel hot.
“Dean, are you asking me on a date?”   Dean’s eyes flickered around a little before he let out a soft sigh before meeting Cas’ gaze and giving his head a small nod.  The space between them suddenly seemed electric and Cas was suddenly leaning in, pressing his lips to Dean’s messily and a little off-center but with enough enthusiasm to make up for the lack of finesse.
********
/It’s okay.  It wasn’t anything bad./
“Psychology,” Castiel said, and Dean frowned slightly.
“So…perhaps this is where we should part ways,” he suggested and Dean nodded his head, shifting his weight between his feet a little.
“So what you’re telling me is to bring out the pie first?” Dean grinned and nodded his head, Benny scratching it down on the notepad.  “Be right out, brother,” he said before heading back behind the counter.
“Well, as I said anyway, no thank you.  Not to be rude, but I’d prefer to get home rather than be dumped in a ditch somewhere,” he said bluntly.   The passenger burst out laughing and Dean hit him in the shoulder hard enough to make Castiel flinch.
“It has been pretty good,” Castiel admitted, shrugging his shoulders.  “Though I wouldn’t consider myself a poor neglected soul.”   Dean shrugged and pushed his now empty plate back, shifting to dig his wallet from his pocket.   Castiel ate the last bit of his food before doing the same, grabbing his bag again as he started to push himself up from the booth.
“Afternoon, Dean.” Castiel looked up to see the source of the drawling words, a large man standing at the edge of the table.  He had a notepad in hand and an apron that looked almost comically small tied around his waist.
