His hand wasn’t up-he realised, with something akin to mortal terror-
Fuck, he could practically feel the humiliation steaming off the kid. Why did he always screw this up?
It’s a game he plays with every person he meets-some are easier than others. Howard was cast iron…brittle and difficult to bend. His mother was as brass as they came-its tarnished hue never quite that of gold, but so incredibly machinable, easily shaped into different forms while still retaining its strength. Rhodey…Rhodey is harder, and he can never fully make up his mind. Zinc, the base metal, seems to make the most sense, even though there are facts that don’t match up; because zinc galvanises iron, you see, and protection is the metal’s primary application. Corroding itself to protect others from the same.
Steve’s gaze flicked up at that, an unswerving look accompanied by, strangely enough, a wry, almost sardonic twist of the lips. “Yeah, another one of those. Who’d have seen that coming.”
Tell the truth. Not the truth they want, but the truth nonetheless. Nothing you ever come up with will ever be as convincing as the truth.
Tony stuck the heels of his palms into his eyelids, kneading till they felt satisfyingly raw. Even at the peak of his post Battle of New York nightmares, they had never felt… quite like this. “Forget it, I was mostly kidding anyway.”
And Steve’s shoulders pulled back a little at that because- well, there was obviously something wrong, but he hadn’t
to talk to you, I was wrong to- I would do so much,
“It was never about mindlessly obeying the letter of the law.” Steve closed his eyes for a long moment, silence and recrimination and realisation in one. When he opened them again, they reflected the sky. “It was about whether the law should apply to us in the first place.”
(Shit, were his hands prickly? Cactus-like? The serum didn’t do that.)
“Well then?” Tony pressed. “Okay, how about this. Would you have stood to the side, when you knew I was in pain- and let me attack the Winter Soldier?”
He’d missed it.
“A hero? Like you? You're a lab rat, Rogers. Everything special about you came out of a bottle.”
, his brush strayed towards the red tube of paint. A dab here and a highlight there, and it was like the painting became a new creature – vivid and kinetic, the richness of the hue enhancing the brighter shades of yellow and orange, adding depth into the darkness of browns and blacks. It was always on his palette, he couldn’t imagine picturing a world without…
His voice ratcheted up in sharpness, “Is this the SHIELD of the morally grey super spies and triple agents?”
desk with a sigh. Goddamn age and associated calcium loss from bones anyhow.
A little beep from his shirt pocket.
“So?”
bursts out into a fucking
They breathed for interminable seconds, harshly, together; one from pain and one from terror. Tony cursed himself a million times for not installing FRIDAY into the Avengers facility yet- but he had wanted to keep himself distant and vaguely there while the main training was handled by Ca-
“It’s used in scalpels. Surgical equipment. Industrial machines. Firearms. The top of the Chrysler building.” Tony’s waiting for it. He’s ready. The mocking, or at least the raised eyebrow. This is what the head of Stark Industries spends time thinking about? “Form and function. Beauty and precision. That’s what it is.”
Tony’s eyes narrowed, even as he proceeded to lick up the grease lingering around his fingernails. “I didn’t hear of it.”
people say-except the rhyme just reminds him of how quiet home was, even when he was a kid supposed to be livening everything up. You couldn’t just dump the responsibility of making a family happy on a child. It doesn’t work like that-Maria and Howard learned that the hard way. They didn’t know that they were the ones supposed to be making Tony happy…though of course, he could have always been the flawed one.
Tony kicked out at Steve’s shin – purely academic, just to demonstrate how
“You’re always with me.” Tony told him. “That was the whole point of making you.”
“HR would disagree.” FRIDAY returned, tone coloured by warmth; Tony could feel his shoulders loosen slightly. She was here. They were safe.
’, “How do you make people
“Of course, being the elder, mature adult that I am, my mind immediately flicks to the practicalities.” His tones veered towards something almost serious – for all of three seconds, because he was fooling nobody. “Namely, the location of MJ’s burial place and whether necrophilia is still illegal in the state of New York, though a part of my mind does think that Peter could do better than a moonwalking has-been. I don’t get too far beyond, ‘I didn’t think you even liked
“Tony.”
- fuck, that hurt. Not his jaw; Tony brought two fingers and a thumb up to press against the blindingly severe points of pain just above his eyebrows. Two white spots right there and radiating an intense, hollow sort of ache all around- applied pressure wasn’t helping, neither was knuckling against it. Maybe if…Tony smacked the side of his fist against his forehead and the world catapulted around him-
, Steve wanted to growl, but that would give his patheticness away. Even though he used ‘sass’ correctly in a sentence. Probably. It was one of the first words Sam had ever inadvertently taught him.
But try as he might, the shame didn’t come. He was…strangely happy, parked on his butt at seven am on the side of a street in a city he’d entered just a week ago. He didn’t regret a minute of it, being here while Romanov and Barton (he knew all their names now, courtesy of snarking that became louder as the crowds emptied) executed move after move, energies unflagged, to the increasingly incredulous boos of their teammates. Here when Parker twirled Pepper around in a perfectly graceful Charleston, and went back to stumbling over his feet with MJ. Here when Tony tried and failed to coax Bruce into a dance with him, led Barton around the ring in a surprisingly decorous jig, narrated jokes all throughout his turn with an increasingly flat faced Romanov.
about trust she’s learned over the years and lapsed to vanishing without a trace.”
“Of course, of course.” Peter started nodding vociferously. But it was almost an impossibility stopping that train once it started going. “I still can’t believe I got to see the
Steve blinked a couple times, raising his– “Oh god what happened to your face.”
“I…yeah.” Steve’s throat was a little tight. He tried to clear it, but it didn’t quite work. “Today’s the day?”
(Steve tells him he’s being unreasonable, that he sees farther and acts more proactively than any person Steve’s ever known. Tony doesn’t tell him that he stopped measuring himself by other people’s yardsticks a long time ago. Steve was a part of that lesson, after all.
So......I didn't actually get around to the fully-fledged Steve/Tony. Honestly though, you had to be blind if you were reading it any other way XP I just couldn't find a way to organically introduce that with all the trust issues floating around the place. There will eventually be a follow up to this story though- the second of a series, and some seeds have in fact already been laid in this that will eventually come to fruition in the next, hopefully much longer work.
A small, almost soundless exhale. “During World War II, the New Guinea campaign was one of the major conflicts of interest between Japan and the Allies. Over two hundred thousand servicemen died-Japanese, Australian and American. Bled out over these sands.”
Steve cleared his throat. “Sure.” Easy enough after that, to move to the centrepiece of the room-a five-foot-tall statue carved of gilt bronze, gleaming rusty gold under the cool yellow spotlights. Steve peered at the placard. “Avalo…valoki…Avalokiteshvara. Patron bodhi..sattva of Tibet.”
Tony should’ve asked – five years ago, maybe, when it still would’ve mattered. He’d had a tab open in his tablet for a really long time now, called
Tony wanted to blurt; except of course Steve did. What exited his lips instead, was something a little less voluntary. “Gather ye rosebuds.”
and Sam’s traitorous eyes flitted back to the hulking figure of steely grey that almost blended in with the black night sky. It was like he was the only human there- anxiously shifting from foot to foot while three figures stood statue-still beside and across, weight bearing down upon the air, refusing to move ahead. He’d thought…he’d thought it would be Vision there instead, but he was staring into the emotionless mask of War Machine, and remembering a whoosh of burning heat as he curled into a smaller target in the sky and the beam hit…
about how his relationship with Howard had ended.
“Besides, I had a job.” She said the words like she said so much else, point blank and matter-of-fact – because that was who she was. Not the masks, or the deception, or even the fights. She was duty, and a commitment to it unflinchingly made. “And a debt to repay.”
and trite nature of the words lifting off his tongue…but he couldn’t have this conversation with a shell.)
It was a beautiful morning.
“The part where I asked you to call me whenever you needed me.”
Perhaps it’s wisdom, perhaps just a bitter kind of understanding; but Tony knows now he didn’t grow up an unloved child. In ways, that’s been the hardest thing to reconcile with. Maria, Howard…even Obie. Tony’s entire life has been a portrait of the cruelties inflicted despite of…because of the veneer of love. And it hasn’t been a one-way street. Who better than Pepper Potts to tell you that Tony Stark’s love could cut deeper than it healed?
Anger at Tony was a familiar feeling. Or rather, frustration; it was no secret that they got on each other’s nerves constantly- but time and maturity and understanding had lent themselves to a fonder, mildly contrarian but still respectful dynamic. During this entire…mess, Steve had fluctuated between worry and irritation and guilt and desperation at his teammate, but never quite rage. There had been a cold sense of doomed certainty lining his every word, his every action- he did not mean to wound, but would if deemed necessary. Tony had tried to…essentially
It is nothing. It should pale before the face of the big things, the earth-shattering, the miraculous – the
Steve lowers his gaze, the afternoon chill shivering over his skin. “Sesame seed, please.”
“It’s a day in the life of sliced bread,” was Steve’s incomprehensible reply; all the while those baby-blues stayed unswerving, thumbs going
“Oh, but sweetheart.” Peggy raised soft fingers, leaned enough to ghost them over the back of Steve’s neck, catching at the flyway strands of a haircut she’d never gotten to see. “You’ve already done your time someplace else.”
Tony’s lips twitched upward, like trying for a shape they’d long forgotten, or hadn’t ever learned. It didn’t seem like a betrayal to try, though. Not anymore. “Wanna walk?”
Steve closed his eyes. Useless really, to wonder for the umpteenth time how Sam managed to do it. Know to give, exactly when the need was most dire. “…yeah.”
. The way they all laughed at each other, laughed at themselves, secure of their place in their friends’ hearts. The way they fell so easily in step: two forward, and two back again, like that was how they’d grown, in and around each other, vines twining close and comfortable. Bracing each other’s backs, falling into their negative spaces, carving out a place that was just their own. Making a home.
Except…..that wasn’t quite right, was it. The man on screen had no suit on. A dark-coloured shirt obscured his arms till his wrists, grey sneakers peeked beneath washed out jeans. His shoulders were down, his chin lowered, and he walked on and on, as the residents of –what borough was that anyway? The Bronx? Queens?- passed him unseeing; with only about one in ten doing a double take and turning their heads to watch the lone figure trace his way through the streets of New York.
“Yes.” She says quietly.
“Moonl-“ Natasha begins to say until loudly spoken over by Steve.
“Superpower!” Just like with Happy, Justice came at Noch, his heavy beak and mighty talons making quick work of what fight was left in Noch.
“She’ll be fine.” Natasha says curtly as Feya holds onto her shoulder while nosing at Noch. “She might not be a fan of Justice for a while.” Natasha says less fiercely as Tony and Bruce approach, Steve sighs and looks over at Justice, who simply could care less.
“Teleport!” Natasha calls sharply as the Klefki makes his attack, Tsvetok safely teleports herself to another part of the field, looking as relieved as her trainer. This was the most comfortable Steve had looked since moving in, it made Tony certain that Steve had only been testing the water with him.
“Stark’s are a weird people.” Tony shrugs again as Clint and his Aipom, Clicker came out to stand with the other men.
“Romanov’s Gardevoir is unable to battle.” Another red X to Natasha’s side, she returns the Pokemon to her ball and smirks a little.
“You could have just said drunk.” Bruce answers before sharing a look with his Clefairy, Tony doesn’t rise to the bait and just hands Bruce the folder.
“Everyone is in our Pokemon centre, we’re making sure everyone is getting first-rate care.” The woman hesitated, it was imperceivable to anyone, not a super soldier. His Pokemon were not in a Pokemon centre.
“Just like Captain Unova’s uniform.” He looks at the Rufflet as he looks intently at the screen before looking at his human. “I’m calling you Captain.”
“I look forward to hearing it.” Steve says. “This is the first I’ve ever seen a… Uh.”
Steve hadn’t been best in school, in part because he spent a solid third of his school life in a bed recovering from something. Even still history had held a certain fascination to him, the rise and falls of empires living conditions of people from a time when modern medicine wasn’t a thing and yet they still survived, created, and made thing better.
“I want you both to remember that Captain Rogers is a war hero and veteran.”
I'm doing some redesign of the story, merging some chapters and making it less janky.
“Your pronunciation is terrible.” She deflects and then gives Jammira a forehead snuggle. “But you make a point.” The Vulpix gets a kiss on the nose before Natasha looks up again and makes a space between them. “They want to give him a tour of the tower in a month, to help him get out in the world. Let’s hope you can work fast.”
“Pepper!” He calls out, she looks up from a television screen that was reporting on the latest bit of Stark Technology to hit the market and huffs a noise at him to let him know he has her attention. “I’ve been looking at this wrong. I’m trying to open Pokeballs.” He points emphatically at her.
“You think they’ll work as a team?”
“I’m going to have to talk to him, I think the fact your Umbreon has a really accurate Toxic upset him. He normally doesn’t hit that hard in battles.”
“Captain.” A voice came to him, bringing him out of his revelry as he sat in a chair in his small S.H.I.E.L.D supplied room as he gazed out a window, the files of his comrades splayed out on the table in front of him. He runs a hand through his hair and sees Agent Coulson standing in his doorway. A forgettable looking man with a consistently pleasant look on his face, Phil Coulson had been instrumental in helping Steve adjust to living in this new time. It had been obvious of the bat that Coulson had a strong respect and love for Captain Unova and the stories told about him, the star struck look was something Steve had seen before, but usually on twelve-year-old boys on the few times he was back in the states and before when he was nothing more than a performer stage punching a guy from Queens dressed as Hitler, it had been a strange look on a forty-year-old man, but they both got used to each other where it wasn’t so uncomfortable to be around the other man.
When Tony was 4 and neck deep in engine parts and Captain Unova comics, but barely got his feet wet when it came to parental attentions. His dad gave him an egg.
Since becoming a super solider information came to him easily and it took very little personal effort to not just take in the information but also store it able to recall it within seconds, in addition to his artistic soul he was also able to easily visualise and understand what went on around him with that information.
As Steve and Agent Coulson leave, Coulson holds back for a moment.
“Audii? Audii!” Cried an Audino as she ran from where she had stood in the living room towards the super soldier, she wore a world war II nurse hat upon his head, he couldn’t help but look like he was staring at a ghost as she jumps into his arms and he catches her without any thought as she buries her face into his chest making his chest damp from her happy tears.
“Flash Cannon.” Steve calls and the Klefki spins around causing the keys it has to jingle before unleashing a strong beam of light at the Gardevoir. She cries out but holds her ground.
So Tony had done his best with the egg. He had made a harness to carry the egg while he walked or worked so he could keep it warm and with him at all times and even took it to bed with him, which as well as a heating pad ended up making Tony overheat at night. But when the egg started cracking he thought it all had been worth it, he ran to his mom as it started hatching to share it with her. His dad was in Hoenn so there was no point trying to show him. They both watched eagerly, his mom’s Pokemon also watching intently.
“Not saying he shouldn’t.” Tony raises an eyebrow. “I’m just saying the reels and history books implied you two were inseparable, sharing one mind kinda deal.”
“You can’t get on his case.” She warns.
Being just over five feet in height, it was unavoidable that the Empoleon towered over the 8 inches of Klefki. He blinked down at Voleur and nodded politely, the small Steel Fairy only looked determined.
Tony sent out Happy.
By the time Tony was ready to put his ideas into motion his coffee had been cold for a while and his sandwich was half eaten. He hears the chirrup of Captain as the Bravairy had come in from his flight and the combat-booted footstep of Clint but didn’t acknowledge either as he breaks open a part of the outer shell of a frozen Pokeball and hooks it up to the computer it’s very delicate work and all the Pokemon in the room are giving him the space he knows he needs, not even Dum-E tries to crowd him.
“Learn to catch.” Is her only reply as they leave the level to go get lunch.
To know his new team, Steve asks for a battle.
“Really? We only really talked before missions. Usually about load outs.”
“Justice. Superpower.” It was Tony’s turn to be surprised, he had no idea that Steve would have taught the bird a fighting move, let alone one that would no doubt count Happy out of the match. The Empoleon tried his best to dodge but the Bravairy was masterful at using his talons and beak to beat on the other Pokemon until Happy fell to the ground unable to get up.
“Good to see they have his interests at heart.” Tony says snidely.
Tony gave up a Pokemon-centric life once again and plunged himself into Howard’s life's work, making Unova and the world a better place by improving health based technology as well as weaponry, making sure that not even Pokemon could pose a threat to Unova and her interests. Which unfortunately also didn’t turn out all that swimmingly when it turned out his dad’s business partner tried to have him killed, leading him to make the Iron Man suit, leaving the man who saved his life to ‘join his family’ and rescuing the man’s Vulpix so she wouldn’t be alone, after all, he owed her his life as well because it was her fire that helped him smith the first suit.
Steve hums out a laugh. “
Except his thinking voice is blabbering excitedly about art galleries and commissions, and things that are definitely not in Tony’s mind.
“Lucky for me, ‘patient’ is also my middle name.”
“How much did you see?”
“Oh, you’re done?” Tony looks down at the white bandaged square on his sternum, and hears Steve chuckle fondly.
“Motherf–”
“I was only gone for three hours. You– well, not
“Tony.”
“Okay,” he blurts.
“DUM-E wasn’t the first bot you built, was he?”
Tony lifts an eyebrow in challenge. “Nothin’ to learn, apple pie. That wasn’t even in the top ten of the worst things I’ve put in my mouth. 'sides, I’m the Alpha-- I have no weakness.”
And coffee.
“It’s…” Tony clears his throat. “I know I’m shit at saying… things. But I’m… Well, I’m here. And it’s… better.”
“Hey, you won’t hear me complainin’. It’s an honor to get my ass handed to me by you, Captain.”
“Yeah, they sure look jealous right about now,” Steve jerks his head towards the shore in the distance, towards their teammates enjoying the cool, clear water coming to the shore in waves. They’re not all there-- Buck and Sam are playing cards inside the beach house, and Wanda’s curled into a book across the patio-- but Steve still relishes the happy, comfortable feeling of having them all close.
“Not even a little bit.”
–” he points to the dark, gleaming motorcycle five feet in front of him “–is real. There’s no way... Steve.
,” Steve sighs.
Warnings: NONE.
Clint jumps up and down, big gray eyes wide and pleading. “I big!”
“Tony–”
So he doesn’t think it unreasonable to head the man’s way again. “Still here?” he calls out, and Blondie whirls around to face him.
“Alright, Tony,” Steve grins, then presses a soft kiss to Tony’s lips. “One more for the road.”
“I love you, sweetheart.”
“Peachy,” he replies, quirking his lips into that charming grin that’s always made its many recipients weak at the knees.
Steve's shoulders slump. "Tony--"
me. I love your eyes, I love your smile, I love the way you smell like metal and motor oil even after you’ve showered. I love the way you bite your lip when you’re trying not to laugh. There’s not a single part of you that I don’t love, not a single part of you that I wouldn’t give my life for.”
“I do,” Tony nods, but…
Steve pulls away, and stops trying to wake Tony up. He almost falls off the bed in his haste to leave the room, a bitter lump at the back of his throat that doesn’t leave him for the rest of the night.
"That's what we've been saying, Tones," Rhodey says.
“Good,” Steve whispers, as rough as the hand cupping Tony’s jaw is gentle.
“Y’must’ve been
But her eyes… Her eyes are green and bright and
“Not as much as me,” Tony whispers back, so soft that Steve almost misses the words. “You sure I can’t convince you to come with me? You’ve never been to Argentina, right?”
And… my shield.
“… And that was Billie Holiday’s wonderful ‘
Tony’s laughter is loud and bright, and the most beautiful thing Steve’s heard in a long time. “Cute, smart, and sassy to boot. You can’t possibly be real.”
“Mmm, sure I don’t,” Tony mumbles, eyes growing heavy again. “But I will...”
Steve just nods, and it’s not even ten seconds later after his friend walks away that he once again finds himself staring at the most beautiful man he’s ever seen. He’s standing a long ways away, on the other side of the not-so-crowded bar, leaning against a tall table in a way that accentuates the leanness of his body, the strength of his legs, and the delicious curve of his ass.
“There’s also some salad--”
, I don’t mean any of it, I swear--”
Gorgeous bastard.
Tony points at them. “Okay, see?” He tells Steve. “We’ll take care of it too. Scout’s honor. Come on, hmmm?” He leans forward an inch or two, until his fingers are brushing Steve’s. “Let’s buy a dog? I’ll let you pick it and name it.”
Rhodey laughs, a single eyebrow rising knowingly a second later. “Can’t wait till a certain someone sees you.”
“Outta my way, Cap,” Clint says.
“You’re the first person to actually stop here for more than a few seconds.”
So obvious.
“Oh Jesus,” Steve sighs, running a hand through his face. “Buck--”
“Fine with me,” Steve nods, “but right now, I want my twelve hundred.”
“I wasn’t gonna miss seeing you in that uniform,” Tony winks, and lets out a laugh when the blond flicks him in the arm.
Steve wastes no time in joining them, until they’re leaning into each other’s shoulders, their baby nestled in between them. “I hope she ends up getting a lot more from you.”
Tony feels his eyes start to burn. “Steve…”
“Really? ‘Cause Steve knows how to do some some ridiculously filthy things with his tongue--”
Tony’s holding a freshly showered and pajama-clad Natasha in his arms, leaning against the bathroom door as Steve lifts Bruce from the tub, the little brunet bundled in a dark green towel as he’s set back down on the fluffy bathroom rug.
“No you didn’t,” Tony looks up at Steve, scratchy chin resting on his chest.
“Hey,” he waves a hand in the blond’s general direction. “If y’keep lookin’ at me like that, ‘m gonna think y’did this on purpose.”
“I’m never off duty, Shellhead.”
.” Steve’s eyes are wide and wet with emotion, and Tony feels like he could die from the love he sees burning in their depths. “God, I’m… look, you deserve so much better than this, than me asking you while we’re half naked after a paintball game, but I swear to God, this ring’s been burnin’ a hole in my drawer and I think if I wait any longer I might lose my mind, baby.”
“Sure you are,” she laughs, and the sound-- he can’t remember the last time he heard it-- has his lips quirking up before he can help it. “You good?”
“Oh hush,” Steve jostles him. “I don’t mind everyone knowing how happy I am.”
“So you’ll come?”
“Cat?”
Judging by the brief but sharp flicker of panic that passes over Tony’s face at her words, she’s almost certain she’s not the first to do so...
Stony Christmas prompt #18: "You're only on the naughty list if you get caught!"
, is all Tony writes, and hopes to God it doesn't sound too eager. He's been trying to figure out a way to ask when they'd see each other again, and now he's more than a little happy at knowing that Steve seems to be just as eager as he is.
Tony doesn’t want to hear any of it.
"And she didn't try to stop you?" Tony pulls away.
It’s only a short press of lips, softer and more chaste than any kiss Tony’s ever imagined his first kiss with Steve would be. But it’s absolute
The clear, blue sky, golden sun gleaming over the New York skyline, and his red and gold figure flying straight into the black hole in the middle of it all.
“Beautiful.”
“Still,” Steve says, still smiling brightly when he pulls away. “It’s good to know I won’t be going up to Cambridge alone.”
“Y’walked out in the middle of it, didn’t ya?”
“Thanks, Shellhead. So… what’s this waterfall like, huh?”
“You fucking listen to me,” he points at Tony, crouching down in front of him. His eyes are dark and serious, but there’s a calmness in them that settles Tony a little, even as his hackles rise at being ordered. “Get up those stairs and go find Steve–”
(Figures, the universe would find a way to screw Tony on the one thing he wants most.)
“Yes, Your Majesty.”
“They’re gonna be so kick ass,” Tony tells him.
“Yes, sir,” Tony grins, and stuffs half a slice into his mouth.
. “Shut up! Fuck, I don’t– shit… It’s not real, remember?”
“... Sorry, I didn’t get that,” Tony says, but now he’s smiling Steve’s favorite smile, the one with the beautiful curve of his lips and those crinkly eyes, so Steve knows he definitely did.
….D-don’ wanna s-sleep again…”
“Come on, I’ll go set up Mario Kart on the Wii, yeah? Bet you can’t beat me like this,” Tony grins in challenge. “Can your hands even reach all the buttons on the controls?”
“Yeah,” he says, and then Steve’s sweet smile is the last thing he sees before soft, warm lips are pressed against his own. He’s so stunned by it that he doesn’t move for a second or two, but then Steve lets out a noise not unlike a whimper and Tony just
Steve’s eyes grow wider and hopeful. “Yeah?”
“...Get it, get out.”
“And I was so looking forward to dreaming about you,” Tony winks.
One moment, Tony’s lost in counting–
“No,” Tony hisses, burrowing deeper into Steve’s warmth. “I swear to God, Rogers...”
“I am. But uh, actually, I did find something for ya.”
“I find that really fucking hard to believe,” he replies just as softly, and reluctantly pulls his eyes away, towards his new companion and–
Rhodey’s fist flies out and hits its mark, knocking Hammer’s jaw back. “ I said
“I guess I can forgive you,” Tony whispers.
“I can’t do this without you, don’t you know that?” Steve walks up to him, closer and closer, until Tony can see the trail of tears down his cheeks.  “I
“Are you sure?” Rhodey asks.
“Alright, you heard your dad, buddy: go nuts,” Steve coos down at Remy, and Tony almost chokes on air. The puppy wastes no time in scampering throughout the room when Steve lets him go, and Tony takes a deep breath before meeting baby blue eyes once more.
"What do I do?" he whispers, and shit, when did his voice get so hoarse?
“Famous last words.”
“I don’t think so,” Shaggy scoffs.
, like what he’s saying is the most fascinating thing in the world.
Tony sinks into the love seat by the couch in silence, ignoring the movie in favor of watching his team. Natasha is a warm weight on his chest and lap, and in a moment of sheer, absolute happiness, he pulls her closer and closes his eyes to relish the feeling.
“Clint Francis Barton, if you finish that sentence, I swear I will put you on truck-wash duty,” Steve says loudly, eyes not leaving Tony’s.
“Your new boyfriend kicked me in the balls,” Barnes grumbles.
“Have a snack.”
“I’ve got Chris and the legal team on hold,” she points to the bluetooth speaker attached to her ear, and then gently sets her folder and bag on the table by the lavish chaise lounge. “Neither of us are leaving until he gives us the get go, is that clear?”
, she’d told him once-- so it doesn’t surprise him when she comes into his apartment one day with a black kitten curled up in her arms.
“Fuck him,” Steve hisses, eyes wide and stormy and
“Shake on it,” Tony says, but Steve barely tugs Tony’s hand around in a weak handshake. “Steve–”
You’re a genius, sweets! ‘Kay, go home now, I wanna call you,” he rambles, and
, the man is tall-- to kiss a still ruddy cheek. “See you later, gorgeous,” he whispers, and walks away before he can ask for his number.
“Both of ‘em. You know I’m a slave to your whims,
“I wanna do it!” Barnes says, making grabby hands at the gallon. “Me!”
“Fuck you!” Tony yells, slapping at any part of Steve he can reach. “I’m average sized, you asshat. And just for that, I’m gonna build robot boots with jets and repulsors, and then I won’t need you. At all.”
“It’s Steve.”
Tony almost moans at the thought.
“Sure,” Clint nods, and god, Tony’s lost count of how many slices he’s packed away.
“I need to tell you something, Shellhead. Can’t hear it if you don’t wake up, though. I need you to wake up. Come on... Wake up, sweetheart.”
Warnings: NONE.
"You're my bro. And Pep, you're..."
“Aw fuck!”
“I can’t,” he replies, and tries to keep his breathing even for as long as he can.
March Prompt #1: “You can’t-- you can’t.”
“If you get any drool on those forms, I will make you sign a whole new batch all over again.”
he thinks, and shivers.
“You should see my AI.”
He’d gone down to the workshop as soon as they’d been dismissed, ignoring every knowing eye aimed his way, ignoring the determination in Steve’s voice as he’d called Tony’s name. And now, hours later, the heavy knot in Tony’s throat still won’t go away, and he’s finally stopped pretending his hands aren’t shaking.
“One more thing, though. If we’re going to start working together, I think I’m going to need some incentive throughout. It’ll have to be often, and consistent,” he tells the Captain, and winks.
"Quiet, Spangles. Don't ruin the moment."
Steve’s face is soft and earnest, and the most beautiful thing Tony’s ever seen. “For everything,” he says, gesturing at their teammates as they play. “For being here, with them. With me.”
In the warmth around him it would almost feel jarring, but deep inside, he knows where he is and who he’s with, so he opens his eyes and meets tiny, curious ones for the second time.
“Can we have breakfast, then?” Steve asks, and Tony laughs into warm, muscled skin.
Every one of them is up early, which is serendipitous in Tony’s case, and strategically planned on everybody else’s.
“God, you’re such a fucking meatball.” Tony breathes, face buried in Steve’s shoulder to hide the tears, but the opening notes of a new song echo around the room before either of them can say anything else.
“Okay,” Steve nods, and then Tony’s heart skips a beat when he smirks. “Gonna gimme a kiss for luck?”
“Tone it down, Casanova,” Tony sighs, relieved when it doesn’t sound as pathetically lovesick as he feels. “I’m not the one you have to charm today. I already know you’re the right guy for the job.”
“Because I’m kind of fucking glad it happened.”
“Issit bad? I don’t wan’ Tony to get something bad.”
“Any chance you’ll be here tomorrow?” Tony asks, and revels in the laughter he can hear rumbling in Steve’s chest. There’s less people on campus now, but even though Tony can see a couple of them turn their heads in confusion, he doesn’t care.
Steve’s eyes, already big and blue and unbearably beautiful, widen happily. “Yeah?”
“Sure thing, sweetheart. Just say the word and I’m all yours.”
“Talking to you.” The words are half muffle into a cushion, and Pepper smiles at the image of the brunet hiding his laughter into the couch. “Heard you’re having fun over there.”
Bucky grins back. “Pep,” he points to Steve, “this’s Steeb! He’s my brother, an' he likes to draw like you!”
“Then it’s time for a nap, I’d say,” Steve decides, and moves the tray to the beside table before tucking himself under the covers beside his family. “You too, mister,” he nods at Tony.
He’s just getting ready to call Pepper-- and no, his hands are
“Look, I’m just– ugh, I should’ve started out with this first,” she says, looking back up to meet his eyes. “And I know it’s gonna sound ridiculous, but it’s the truth and I
Tony stills just enough for Steve to notice, but his smile doesn’t go away. “Ask away.”
“Guess we’ll see.”
Tony looks at their baby a couple of paces ahead of them, hears the soft, beautiful lilt of her voice as she talks to her cat, and groans. “I’m gonna have to do this again, aren’t I?”
Tony’s laughter sends shivers down Steve’s body. “And all because of me?”
“Or your daughter kills us for waking her up.”
"Ask me after,” Steve smirks, and climbs off. “Up and at ‘em, Shellhead. I’m craving pancakes.”
“You guys do know you’re not supposed to be in here, right?” he asks.
“Thank god,” he says, fixing the blanket until it covers them both again. “I know you’re, like, in love with Han--”
“Not a chance,” Steve pokes his side until Tony looks up at him with a sigh. “Tell me.”
March Prompt #3: “Your eyes are like the stars.”
“Please! You were a menace back then, and you’re a fucking menace now,” Tony grins. “The two of you’ll have me going gray in months, Christ...”
“Yeah!” Thor cheers from the other side of the room, with an excited hop that also works to help stick the balloon in his hand to the wall. Beside him, Banner gives them a thumbs-up and a sweet smile, and Pepper revels in the affection for this team that she feels bubbling in her chest like a warm blanket.
“Sure.”
The silence that follows feels heavier than it had before, but it’s not long before Natasha breaks it.
"Okay, I get that. Obviously,” he waves a hand in the directions of the magazines. “But Pep, you know... you know how this works.”
“You deserve so much worse. If you didn’t look so pathetic, I’d punch you so fucking hard.”
“No, Pep-- Pepper Pot,” Tony pleads. “Nat’s off to SHIELD with Thing One and Thing Two, Bruce is still in Frankfurt, you gotta help me, Pep, I can’t--” he takes a breath, and looks over his shoulder to where Steve is still sitting. “I don’t know how to do this.”
“I have been. I want to go home.” Steve’s voice breaks on the last word, and Tony feels the empty space on the bed more than ever.
“And Nat? You can buy her something red and scary from Moscow, like one of those fancy ass eggs--”
“Well... no,” Tony replies, “but--”
“Wait outside, will ya?” Tony shoos him out, and then they’re alone again. “My best friend says I’m shameless,” he says, rising from the wheelchair to stand in front of him.
The old man takes it with a amused smile. “Edwin Jarvis, the Starks’ butler.”
Tony just keeps smiling. “Yep."
Tony’s heart almost hurts with happiness. “Love you too, cupcake. Now pick her up– chop chop, Cap, this is gonna be one hell of a Christmas!”
“Uh huh,” Tony stares. “Babe… is this what you’re like in the morning?”
, and Tony can’t hold back the groan when his bottom lip is taken in again, licked and sucked and fucking
Warnings: NONE.
“And what
see...”
Sequel to Chapter 10!
Steve just nods, and tries to pretend he can’t feel the way Tony’s gaze never leaves him. It’s easy to stay focused on his job, but as the sound of Tony’s voice– and Rhodey’s, too, he notices– gets closer, he feels his heart skip a beat just a little more often.
Steve feels a giddy smile threatening to break through. “You brought me–”
, pipe down, you meatball. You’re not going off to war, and I’m not your sweetheart.”
“Feel like sharing with the class, then?” Tony asks. “Not that you have to, if you don’t. And it doesn’t have to, uh, be me. I could go get Romanoff. Or Pep. She’s a good listener– but only if you want to. And you should probably eat your pizza, it’s getting cold. Is it warm? I could go heat it up again? Shit, should I just go? I should–” he’s rambling. He knows it. But he can’t stop, and his mouth is running faster because Steve’s eyes are getting blurry again, and it’s one of the most heartbreaking things Tony’s ever seen. “Am I making it worse? I can, I can stop–”
“Oh god, is he old?” Tony grimaces. “This isn’t fair, you owe me, Dr. Romanoff!”
“Science can’t be mean, sunshine.”
“My mom took my phone,” Steve replies. “And I’m grounded for a month, no surprise.”
“C’ffee? Gimme,” Tony whispers, and Pepper and Steve both chuckle when he pulls away to down it in one go. “More?”
“Make me,” Steve says, and then lets out a whoop as the game begins anew.
"It's time for breakfast..." Steve says, but trails off when Tony leans in again, licking and mouthing and sucking his neck. And just like that, the heat is back.
“Charmer.”
“Well what?”
“I mean it, Rogers.”
“Steve Rogers,” she says, voice suddenly cool, and oh, Tony remembers that look. “I know who you are.”
“After you, then.”
“Fine,” he replies, already feeling the corner of his lips turn up. He tries to focus on helping Rhodey’s little sister look at the camera instead of the veritable explosion of colorful decorations around her. “What’re ya doin’ here?”
“You deserve it, baby,” Tony tells him, because he just needs to.
The next day is an absolute mess.
“Trust Cap to find ‘em anyway,” Tony laughs, throwing a popcorn Steve’s way.
"We know--"
“If you say so, Edward.”
“I like the sound of that,” Tony rests his chin on Steve’s pec, and grins. “How much’d you think it cost to buy it?”
Tony shakes his head. “Up to you,” he says, “since you’re in charge.”
Warnings: NONE.
“Tony,” he blurts. It’s echoes loudly around them.
“Oh no–”
Steve tries so hard to ignore the warmth he can feel in his cheeks. “You’re pretty lucky, sir. You took a nasty fall, and you could’ve cracked your skull.”
“I’m having fun. Lots of fun, tons of fun,” Tony’s eyes are gleaming as they meet Steve’s. “You’re a hoot, Rogers.”
“It’d serve you right, for wakin’ me up,” Steve gives him a weak glare, even as he’s clearly holding back a smile.
“But… you make it easier.”
“I need a favor.”
“‘Course you do,” Tony grins. “You’re practically a shoo-in for the job, cupcake.
“From a football?” Steve’s not smiling anymore. Fucking footballs. Tony hates them.
It’s the only thing that matters.
“Okay, Tony.”
“Only if you want to, though. It’s okay if you don’t–”
“I, uh, found it in a little shop during the mission, and the eyes...”
“You won’t have to,” Steve says, and Tony grins because oh, he knows that voice. “How’s fifty hours of community service?”
“I can still remember exactly what she looked like. She was so beautiful. Most of the time, she looked tired, and a little sad, but she was always beautiful. I needed her so much– I still do. And now… every time I think about her, it’s like… like I can’t breathe. Sometimes,“ Steve looks up, and Tony’s heart breaks again at the pain in his eyes. “Sometimes I feel like maybe I’d rather forget– forget her, forget Bucky, forget everything. Because it hurts.” The last word comes out quiet and broken. “But I don’t want to. I love them… I always will, and I can’t do it without them. I don’t know what’d be worse, anyway.”
“Don’t you dare,” Steve says, as soft as the hand he wraps around Tony’s wrist. “I don’t– you–” he stammers, and throws a glance at their friends over his shoulder. “They look… good.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
Tony smirks. “First?”
The bedroom is utterly silent, and dimly lit from the early morning light peeking in through the curtains. Tony takes a couple of minutes to indulge in it-- it’s not surprising that they don’t get very many moments like this-- before slowly lifting his head to indulge in a far more gorgeous sight.
Tony sighs, and nods. "The things we do for this kid."
“Nope,” Tony says. Even with her eyes closed, Pepper
“This isn’t ugly, babe,” Tony reaches out to tug at Steve’s sleeve. “This is...”
“Go lock the door and I’ll show you how much.”
“Who told you that?” Tony scoffs, settling her higher up his chest until he can kiss her cheek. “You’re a riot, pumpkin.”
There’s the terror, of course, because Steve might be tiny and skinny, but he’s also a spitfire like no one Tony’s ever known; he’s already gotten used to running after the toddler, half out of his mind with dread at the thought of Steve braining himself on every possible surface.
“It’s not a waste, and I didn’t even end up hugging that many people.”
“That’s kinda what I’m hopin’ for.”
Tony shakes his head. “I’m not taking over your shift so you can go bang your firefighter boyfriend.”
"I'm man enough to admit I'm too weak to enjoy salt in coffee, so excuse me, Mr. Alpha."
“If only America could hear you now,” Tony mutters, but as he settles down more comfortably between the two people he loves most in the world, he knows there’s nothing else he’d rather be doing.
Steve shakes his head. “Up against the wall, sweetheart.”
“No,” Steve finally says, and it’s nothing Tony doesn’t already know, but it makes his eyes burn nonetheless.
“Tony?”
“I’m sorry.”
“Not a chance, hot shot,” he replies, just as they enter the room holding the rest of their teammates. “Make some space for this one, will you? And if you wake one of them up, I swear to G–”
,” Steve finishes against Tony’s ear.
“Oh man…” Sam mutters, sharing a knowing smile with Clint. “Wait till Cap sees this.”
“Is that...” Steve closes his eyes, breathing deeply. “Is that
- - - - -
Steve can barely see anything through the tears in his own eyes, but he manages to pull out the ring without dropping it, as he holds it out. “Can I...”
"It's cool."
“Too much information, Tones.”
“You kidding me?” Tony laughs, a thin and humorless little thing. “I haven’t seen you since–” he swallows, “since yesterday. How do you think I’ve been?”
Tony hears, then there are hands on his shoulder, on his chest, and it feels like they’re everywhere.
“Oh my god, you fucking-- I can’t believe--” Tony stammers, this time, when he unfolds the sheet of paper, his fingers do tremble. “So...” he clears his throat, “you and me, Boston in the fall? Apartment hunting in the summer, road trip in September?”
“That you’re fucking delicious,” Tony purrs, licking and kissing the skin beneath Steve’s ear. “I could just eat you up.”
“It wasn’t just me!”
Their daughter wiggles and clenches her tiny fists, her bright blue gaze– the same shade of blue Tony’s lucky enough to get to see every day– running in every direction. “God, can we just ditch the others today and stay here?”
“Yeah!”
“If I ask you a question,” he starts, “will you tell me the truth?”
“Tony--”
"Hi.” The words falls from his lips like a sigh, soft and shy and so fucking relieved, it's almost pathetic.
Tony grins. “Call me soon and maybe you’ll find out.”
In the hushed quiet of the Avengers tower living room, Pepper manages to catch the conversation even from across the other end of the couch. The volume from the movie they’d put on—an old cartoon Pepper can’t recall ever seeing, mostly for the benefit of the rest of the sugar-high team they’d needed to calm down— isn’t all the way down, just low enough to soothe the children to sleep.
“Look at me,” Barnes says, and when Tony does, he’s surprised to see the soldier smiling at him. “I’m pretty sure I still know him better than anyone, and I sure as hell wouldn’t be down here if I didn’t know for a fact that Steve is just as gone for you as you are for him.”
“And you can buy Bucky a fuckload of shirts with really stupid stuff on ‘em. Sam can get a-- I dunno, a samurai sword, or whatever you want. And you can buy Clint a real bow and arrow, Steve!”
Steve gives him an encouraging grin. “Good job, bud.”
?” Tony almost screams, but spots the librarian eyeing them from the corner of his eye.
“Well, I like to keep you on your toes sometimes,” he says.
“That’s my price.”
He’s the most stubborn human being I’ve ever met. But he’s also the best, y’know? I’d be an idiot not to do the same.
news,” she replies.
“Maybe,” Steve laughs. “But I meant every word.”
, will ya?”
“Doesn’t hurt that he shot up like a weed over the summer,” says a low, silky voice beside him, and he turns to find Natasha smirking as she looks out onto the field.
“Shameless,” Steve says, a little breathless from the warmth of Tony’s breath on his face.
“So, handsome, you got a name?”
When he does, he swears his heart stops beating. “Wh--” he breathes. “What?”
“Still want your pizza?” He asks, and when he feels a nod against his shoulder, he grabs their plates once more. “And now it’s cold again, but
“No one’s doin anything until we all eat,” Steve calls out as he plates the last of the bacon sizzling on the stove.
March prompt #10: “I can’t marry you.”
“Tony?”
, Tony’s mind says, but he shakes his head and goes back to counting. “Better me than him.”
” Tony says, and then laughs at some low, indistinct mumble that comes from somewhere around him. “
“Sure thing, Shellhead. We’re gonna do just fine,” Steve says, and as Tony finally lets sleep take him, he finds that he almost believes him.
“Shouldn’t-- shouldn’t you be, y’know, saving this for the vows?” Tony doesn’t hide the way his voice breaks, but Steve just keeps smiling.
“You think you’re man enough to judge someone who’s given blood, sweat and tears for this city?” Steve keeps cold, steely blue eyes on the reporter. “Come up here and say what you just said again, right to my face. Or better yet, pour your own blood, sweat and tears out there, and then come tell me the same thing.”
“...Goddamn. Guess I’m stuck with you, then.”
“Steve–”
“Fine, eyes closed,” Tony grumbles, and Steve feels a rush of familiar fondness at how young he suddenly looks, one corner of his lips quirked up into a small most people probably would’ve missed. “What now?”
Steve’s laughing before he’s even finished talking, breath warm along Tony’s neck. “You made our daughter an Instagram account?”
Steve’s giggling into his pillow by now, with only the corner of his gorgeous grin peeking out to send Tony’s heart into flutters. “
“No you don’t!”
“If you’re wrong, I’m gonna do a lot more than that. With my suit.”
“Still too early to call, Rogers.”
“Sorry,” Steve looks away, face flushing a pretty shade of pink.
fan, and spends every episode blurting out whatever answer he knows-- he’s loud about it, too; Tony hears it even from his own apartment.
“All that shit’s his, you know that. Besides, I’ve got the real thing, so really,” Tony shrugs, “No contest.”
“Will you marry me?”
“Um, thanks–”
Tony smirks. “I think we’ve got it covered, bud.”
“What’s gotten into you?”
Tony’s grin is utter
“I wouldn’t use the word beg–”
“You guys gonna stay there the whole time, or are you gonna bring her over here with the rest of us?” Slow, heavy footsteps follow the new voice, and a second later, Bucky steps out into view, shoulder tucked into the wall in a lazy lean.
“I’d do it again, I’d do it every fucking time,” Tony says, hot tears still running down his face. “I’d do it all–”
“Can you just…” Steve trails off, putting the frosting down to glare at his friend. His heart gives a tiny lurch when he thinks about Tony’s bright, gorgeous eyes, his mischievous smirk that leaves Steve breathless. “I can’t,” he whispers morosely.
“Yeah, you mentioned,” Steve reminds him. “And this is Jarvis?” he leans down and picks the cat up.
,” Steve growls.
Natasha’s lips are quirked up in one of her irritatingly gorgeous little smirks. “Gotta pay up, Stark.”
“Tony--”
“Nope.”
“I can barely take care of myself--”
“В гостя́х хорошо́, а до́ма лу́чше”
“Clint--”
“-- And no one here’d tell me what was goin’ on, I was half outta my mind the whole ride over, y’know, and--
Even after the kiss ends, Tony can still taste the sweet curve of Steve's lips. "Now..." he says, more than a little breathlessly, "slide that cake over, would ya?"
“Why would anyone want to know th--”
Or maybe it’s just the thought of Tony not being with
“Dey’re big.”
His breathing is so soft, Tony can barely hear it, and he feels a heavy weight settle in his stomach. “Gotta stay with me to watch, though. Wanna bet Thor finds us first?”
“T-Tony…”
“See you on the other side,” he whispers, and Steve’s breath hitches as he huffs out a laugh.
“You’d like that, wouldn’t you?” Tony scoffs, but he can feel the smile on his own face. “So what’s up, buttercup?“
Steve just pulls him further in. “A little too late for that-- you already bought the bed.“
“Where’s Steve?”
“So be proud of me. Plus, she’s totally a dog person. I think. Either way, I’m going to get major brownie points.”
. I need you--”
“Fuck him and everyone else.”
“You’re going to ruin them, Jesus,” Clint groans, but there’s a softness in his eyes as the boys finally settle all the way into the couch, the Captain America plush temporarily forgotten between them as they focus on the little plates set upon their laps. Steve bites the head off his gingerbread cookie with relish, eyes wide and happy as he chews, and at Tony’s ensuing giggles, Natasha feels a long forgotten corner of her heart soften just a little bit.
“Awww, that’s sweet,” Barnes snickers, and god, Tony hates all of them so much right now. “But he’ll be fine, Stark. I mean, look at him-- happy as a clam.”
“Anytime,” Steve replies, eyes falling to the glasses yet again, and the warmth that blooms in Tony’s chest stays with him for the rest of the day.
he thinks, but almost stumbles when he doesn’t feel air coming into his lungs. He runs inside the first door he finds, and leans against it as his shoulders heave.
“Sap.”
“Thanks,” Steve fiddles with the large thermos on his lap. “I wish I’d brought my sketchbook, the view is gorgeous.”
“Oh my god, stop it,” Tony laughs, lifting his head to brush his lips against Steve’s shoulder. “‘M trying to sleep.”
“Then she can stare at ‘em, I don’t know, whatever she wants,” Tony replies. “Hon, just think about it, okay? Instead of, y’know, being cooped up in here for her birthday, so small and sad– you said it yourself, ‘big ugly building’ and all–”
Steve doesn’t jump out of his seat at the sound of Tony’s voice, but the relief that slams into his chest brings him to tears.
“I was talking to my pasta,” Tony smirks. “But I guess you’re okay too, sunshine.”
“Don’t try to charm your way out of this, big guy.”
Tony ignores the hitch in his breath at the sound as he grins. “Yes, sir. So tell me,” he leans back into the indecently comfortable couch cushions, and feels a thrill of anticipation when Steve mirrors the movement. “What’s it like to be Mr. Tony Stark?”
“Is this... sweet tea?”
Prompt: Sleep-deprived Tony in the lab singing (screeching) holding out for a hero with DUM-E not realizing that other people have entered the lab
“Absolutely necessary to watch.”
"Just what?"
“I thought you were here to buy a dog,” Steve says.
Steve’s blush comes back with a vengeance. “The guys at the station aren’t gonna let me forget this anytime soon. I think they’ve got half a mind to permanently strap the helmet to my neck.”
“Kinda hard not to, when you hijack the school speaker system in the middle of the morning announcements to ask me.”
There’s a moment of silence, with only the low humming of the elevator as it climbs floor by floor to their penthouse, and then–
… “I just– I need to know!”
“Kind of romantic, isn’t it?”
“I thought you’d wanna, y’know, spend time with the team.”
“Hate me, then, but you still owe me twelve hundred bucks.”
Stony Christmas prompt #6: "I don't know why we're doing this."
“I wasn’t staring,” Tony says softly.
“The not so bad news,” Sharon replies, “is that you might have to stay overnight, depending on what the doctors say.”
“Oh my god...
“I told you I did, didn’t I?”
“Eh, not a total loss, then,” he shrugs, sneaking a glance at Steve, who’s staring up at the sky with an adorably furrowed brow. “Don’t hurt yourself, Cap. You’ll get it. Eventually.”
“The Avengers,” she grins proudly, the curve of her lips unsettlingly familiar, and–
“Come on, old man-- we can probably get that chocolate
Steve beams. “Really? Wanna hold her?”
“Feisty, feisty,” he pouts. “Just zip it and keep blowing—
“Oh my god,” Steve breathes, but doesn’t have time to say anything else before Tony strides over to where he’s standing and shoves his tongue down Steve’s throat.
, Tony wants to say, but buries the words as far down as he can reach. “Christmas was her favorite, and she... she went all out-- every fucking cliche in the book. Drove me crazy when I got older, but... it’s still my favorite.”
“Tony, you don’t have to--”
Warnings: NONE.
“...Steve?”
“Guess you’re done sleepin’,” Steve says, all sleepy smiles and sleep-tousled hair. There’s only the smallest sliver of blue peeking out from behind half-lidded eyes, and he’s without a doubt the most beautiful thing Tony’s ever seen.
?” Steve quips back.
“Back atcha, Shellhead.”
Warnings: NONE.
“You got that right, Shellhead.”
“Big day, Stark. It’s a little too late for cold feet, don’t you think?”
“Thank you,” Steve takes it, pressing a couple of buttons on the screen. “There-- I put my phone number. Now once you get home and feel better, you can text or call me whenever you want.”
“Not long enough.”
are you being devious?”
“Well, ain’t you a sweetheart,” Tony purrs, and shovels more food into his mouth.
Steve hums thoughtfully, and reaches out to run a hand through Tony’s hair. “I’m serious.”
Steve, the gorgeous bastard, just grins and keeps singing. “
“You guys are insane,” Steve chuckles, shaking his head fondly. The smile hasn’t left his face, and Tony’s helpless to return it with one of his own.
And then he climbs up next to him.
“Are you a scientist?” Tony asks.
“That’s gotta be a first.”
Excessively.
Steve gives him one last smile, and then sighs dejectedly. “I should probably let you get some rest...”
There’s something in his voice that’s pulling at Steve’s heart, because he suddenly sounds hesitant and worried, and Steve decides that he’s just going to go for it.
“Yeah, it was,” Steve replies, and before either of them take one step toward the door, leans over to press a kiss to Tony’s cheek. “Thank you.”
He wonders if it’d make St--
“Y’can call me Bucky, y’know,” Bucky tells him, and wonders at the way the words come out sounding... shy. He can’t remember the last time he felt anything close to that, but it’s worth it for the gleam of surprise that enters Stark’s eye.
Steve’s eyes snap to his, before looking away shyly. “‘m done…”
Tony scoffs. “He's a little shit.”
“Hm?”
“And this is probably really fucking unprofessional,” Tony continues, “but I’m totally using my robots to get a date.”
March Prompt #26: “Wow.”
“Why are you on my floor at three in the morning, then?” Steve smiles, a small and fond thing that warms Tony all over.
“Uh huh.”
“Oh, um... my best friend says I give the best hugs--”
“Tony–”
No prompt. Just good ol' slice of life schmoop! :D
“Still woulda been worth it, just to see your face.”
things–”
“Merry Christmas,” is all he can say back, lips quirking up into a helpless smile as Steve continues to be trampled by little pudgy paws.
“Why the fuck not?” Tony demands.
lucid.”
Steve tosses his backpack over his shoulder, and follows Tony. “Shawarma for lunch after?”
Don’t worry, y'all. This one’s not angsty AT ALL ;)
Steve lets out a watery laugh and presses his face into the crook of Tony’s neck.
,” Steve mumbles, but Tony just winks playfully at Rhodey.
. I can feel it.”
“That’s-- that’s okay,” Steve chuckles. “I’ll take what I can.”
“Yes, now.”
“Steve–” is all Tony’s able to say before he feels the blond’s elbow gently digging into his spine.
Tony laughs, loud and clear and happy, and when Pepper walks back the way she came, she finds she feels just the same.
“Sure is,” Steve laughs, ruffling Thor’s locks, “couldn’t even wait for me to change, couldja?”
“You mean when you pushed me off the bed and ran to the bathroom?”
“I really did,” Tony says, the words soft and gentle, and so happy that Steve breathes out a
“I thought it’d be romantic—”
Summer of Stony prompt #31: “Say that again.”
“Are you happy?” The words are out before he can catch them and bury them back in his chest, but he doesn’t regret saying them because goddamnit, he has to know.
“Anytime, handsome.”
Steve surprises Tony-- and his mom too, probably-- by laughing. “I know the feeling, ma’am.”
On screen, little Tony nods distractedly, more focused on waving his toy around like an airplane, complete with flying noises.
“How?” Tony dares to ask, and watches Steve’s eyes grow even softer than before.
“That makes two of us,” Tony says, and wonders if the thrill of those words will ever fade. “I’m not above flying over there to wherever the fuck you are--”
It’ll be fine.
“Thank you, Tony. You and Nat, and Pepper, and… everyone. I wouldn’t be able to do it without you.”
“I’m gonna do a hell of a lot more than that,” Steve whispers, and times his breathing to the rise and fall of Tony’s chest.
“Well I don’t want it,” Tony says. “I want you.”
Which is good, Tony thinks, because he barely has time to look at anything besides the tiny crowd following Steve at every turn. With Natasha settled comfortably in his arms– it didn’t take long for her to get tired, which resulted in all that bright red hair tucked under his chin– he takes to walking behind them, leaving the decision to their eager, determined little minds.
Steve can’t stop blushing through the whole thing. But that’s more than okay, because Tony is happy to distract him with kisses.
Steve grabs him by the arm. “What. Happened.”
Tony just blinks, and starts over.
, obviously.”
“I see it, honey.”
Warnings: NONE.
“Oh Tony,” Steve breathes, and it’s the tears Tony sees in his eyes that finally break him-- again, because Tony will always be the broken one, but
“Da!” his daughter coos, and Tony tightens his hold just a little bit more.
“Thank you, Tony.”
Tony lets out an exaggerated gasp. “Are you.. calling me fat?”
"I can't help it, I mean look at you," Tony replies, relishing the happy lurch his heart gives. He doesn’t think it should be possible to love two people this much. "I almost kept it to myself, but it's not like I don't get to keep you two to myself, so really. Never let it be said that Tony Stark's not a giver, right?"
Tony does, and falls asleep to the deep, comforting sound of Steve’s breathing beneath his cheek.
Tony’s breath catches. “Now?”
Tony rolls his eyes even as he runs a tender hand through Steve’s slightly sweaty hair. “God, I missed you,” he sighs. “So much. Sap and all.”
“‘Scuse you, Pepper-pot. I’m Tony Stark-- I’m special
“Aww, thanks, sunshine–”
“Thank you,” Tony says. “Mission parameters–”
,” Steve says, and Pepper thinks she might be the only one to hear Tony’s answering sigh.
– I want to fucking rip it off you.”
“Like you…” Steve trails off, and his cheeks turn a delicious shade of pink that makes Tony’s skin grow even hotter all over. “Like you want to…”
Tony raises an eyebrow playfully. “Oh, really?”
Tony scoffs. “Come on, Cap–”
“Nope. It’s my turn to take a breather.”
alright, this one's short, but sweet... :)
“No,” Tony says loudly, and finally sits up. There’s a tender quirk to his lips, and it makes something warm bloom in Pepper’s chest, something that feels like relief and hope. “It’s fine,” he finishes. “I wish I could see it.”
“Just fine. But I’m much better now.”
“Can’t help it,” Steve says. “It’s kind of a great morning.”
“That’s lovely,” she laughs.
“It’s awful,” Steve says softly, brow furrowed in that all-too familiar, ‘Captain-America-and-Steve-Rogers-disapprove-wholeheartedly’ frown, as if Tony’d been the only one about to have his night ruined. “But... I get it.”
“Oh god,” Steve groans, hands flying up to cover his face. “You noticed? Of course you did, I’m– gosh, I’m sorry.”
“Hmm?”
He’s calm, and kind-- they start running into each other more after Steve gets settled in, and regardless of the time, he always take a minute to chat-- and the more Tony gets to know him, the more he picks up on some of the things that make Steve pretty fucking awesome.
!” Barnes squeals, and climbs Steve’s legs until he can settle his tiny limbs into the blond’s lap.
“You can open your eyes now, Rogers,” she smirks, and Tony feels his breath catch when Steve’s body tenses slightly. Ever so slowly, he brings his eyes up until they meet bright baby blue ones.
Warnings: NONE.
Tony groans. “I will kick you out of this room.”
Tomorrow, there’ll be tests and debriefs and more visitors than either of them are going to want to see. But for now, there is only Tony, Steve, and a silence filled with pure, unbridled hope.
Steve raises an eyebrow. “W-wager?”
“I can never look at you the same way again.”
“Wouldn’t want that,” Steve smiles. “Who’d you steal clothes off of then?”
A huff of laughter leaves Tony’s lips before he knows it, leaving him more breathless than he already is.
!” Rhodey crows.
“Steve--”
“I, uh, had it all planned out,” Steve chuckles hesitantly. “I know this isn’t the nicest-- you deserve so much more, honest. But I swear the ring is burning a hole in the drawer--”
“Is it done?” A scruffy looking man peeks in from the next aisle, gray eyes bright with amusement.
Tony can only nod. “Okay, yeah, that-- that sounds, uh. Perfect.”
“What ‘bout dis one?”
“I know I tell you a lot, but... I just wanted to say that-- that you were worth it,” Steve says. His eyes are bright with emotion, but they don’t waver as they stare down at Tony. “You’re worth every moment that brought me here. You’re worth every bruised cheek and split lip I got when I was that shrimpy little boy back in Brooklyn.”
, Tony thinks, and revels in the blond’s whoop of glee as he slams his foot on the pedal and they speed off.
"Fuck you,” Tony glares at him. “You know that’s not...."
“Are you…” Steve’s voice breaks. “So we’re okay?”
“It’s not,” Tony blurts, breath catching in his throat when the blond looks over at him again. He’s so gorgeous, it almost hurts. “Dislocated, I mean. It was, but not-- not anymore. I, uh, set it back in place.”
“How many hours, exactly?” Steve asks, pulling Tony’s wrist gently towards the couch.
” he whines, the words muffled by the pile of papers he’s buried his face in.
Oh, shit.
“We sure do,” Steve grins, and bops Tony’s nose as he picks up a handful of oranges with his free hand. “Hows about you and I go make some art, huh?”
“I don’t care about my sketchbook right now, Tony, you can buy me a million of ‘em.”
“Why’s it s-so c-cold, Tony?”
Steve lifts a bold eyebrow. “Watch it, Stark, or the next one’ll be right in the kisser.”
“You’re all gonna give him an aneurysm,” Steve mutters under his breath, but stands up and squares his shoulders. “Alright, team-- listen up.”
In hindsight, then, it shouldn’t have been a surprise either that none of the team spills the beans when they’re all together.
Steve runs a hand through long blond locks as they make their way to the elevator. “Don’t worry about it, okay?”
“Wanna bet?”
“God, Tony,” Steve whispers, holding the brunet tighter as he presses a kiss on every inch of skin he can reach. “I’m sorry–”
Barnes gets up with a smirk. “Sure thing, Stevie. Get a good grip on that plate, though, alright?”
“Then lemme have yours, please?” He bats his eyelashes, and leans over to kiss Steve’s cheek when the blond nods. “Thanks, gorgeous.”
“I know you do, baby,” Tony says, and then laughs when he catches sight of their cat wriggling and pulling at the leash. “So does Cat.”
But it’s the look on his face that quickly brings Steve to his feet, the desperate gleam in his eyes and the almost imperceptible quivering of his lips sending a surge of sudden protectiveness straight to Steve’s gut. “C’mere,” is all he says, and only grows more concerned when Tony lets out a relieved sigh and all but runs to him.
“Yep. Captain.”
” Tony says through a sob that he will forever deny. “Why?”
- - - - - - - - - -
"Shhh," Steve whispers, index finger pressed against grinning lips as he looks at Jarvis over the corner of his eye. “They can sense your fear, y’know.”
“What, you guys buddies or something?” Tony asks, and chuckles at the thought.
,” Steve growls, and stands up so fast, his chair goes toppling backwards. “
“Until the reception, then all bets are off.”
“Yes, he is
,” Tony purrs.
believe it. Steve’s always been an oblivious little punk, and you can’t see past the end of your nose most days, when it comes to all them pesky feelings. I got you pegged, though.”
“They’re fine, Tony.”
Big, brown eyes snap to the window and out into the darkness beyond. “…Oh.”
“It’s just… my dissertation….”
His friend–Bucky?– bows his head as he starts giggling again, and Tony sees Blondie’s cheek flush the most beautiful shade of pink. He takes a deep, steadying breath, and turns back to him.
“Tony.”
“You’ve been saving, I know. You told me.”
?” Tony scoffs, face hidden halfway into his pillow.
“Your eyes are like the stars.”
Sequel to my Married-In-Vegas!AU (aka chapter 84)!
“I should’ve been looking out--”
“Sorry for the wait, kiddies– actually, scratch that. I’m not. I had a… thing,” he waves his hand around, “that went over.”
,” he laughs.
It’s mesmerizing.
“Stark--”
“Fine with me, if it gets you smilin’ like that,” Steve whispers. Even in the bustle around them, Tony hears him clear as day.
“Yeah. And y'know what? It never stops hurting,” he sighs, and thinks of his mom’s bright smile. “But you get better at breathing. You live twice as hard for them, and you don’t fucking stop.”
“Nothing,” Tony says quickly. His shoulders tense almost imperceptibly, and oh, he’s not even looking at Steve anymore.
“Tony–”
love me, honey bunch!”
“Wa’s a cavity?”
“But I do take full responsibility--”
“Hey, have you seen the–
“That doesn’ make sense,” he mumbles, glancing at Tony through one bleary eye. The covers are so soft and warm, he almost drifts back to sleep, but doesn’t get a chance before lips are on his skin again, slower and hotter this time.
... Better. That's a whole quarter."
Barnes shrugs. “Dunno, b’t see, wh-what had h-happened was... we wuzzat, um--”
Tony’s lips quirk into a small but honest smile. “You’re right. They’re worth a hell of a lot more.”
“You should take care of yourself, Tony. We don’t want anything else to happen,” he says, and Tony can’t even say anything to that because Steve’s so close and
“Now that I’m holding you, yeah.”
“I’m,” Steve kisses his cheek. “So,” then his mouth. “Sorry,” then his nose.
“Oh my god,” Tony pants. “Wow, okay, that was--shit.”
Soft lips press against his own— once, twice, then his mouth is being nudged open and fuck yeah, there we go…
“Yeah,” Tony nods, but he thinks something in his face must’ve said otherwise– or maybe it’s just the fact that it’s Steve; Tony’s always been an easy book when it comes to his Captain– because the blond’s smile turns fond and a little sad all at once.
“Are you sure you’re completely lucid now?”
“Look at me?”
Steve follows suit. “
“You liked ‘em?”
“Oh ha, ha,” Steve rolls his eyes, but walks over to Tony to look at their daughter over his shoulder. “Hear that, baby doll?” he coos. “Daddy’s being mean to Papa. What do you say we get back at him?”
Tony makes a faint, curious little sound, and he lifts his head to rest his chin on Steve’s shoulder. Even in the dim light, his eyes are still that perfect shade of brown Steve wants to wrap himself up in.
Steve sighs, nodding, and then feels his breath catch Tony intertwines their fingers.
“No you’re not.”
Steve nods, pushing his Iron Man beanie off his head to ruffle his sweat-matted hair, eyes never leaving Tony’s. “You know my usual at Angie’s, right?”
Tony shakes his head. "You're batshit crazy, you meatball."
“Tony?”
“Little thing’s stronger than he looks,” Steve mutters. “Wanna walk him for a bit, princess?”
“Anyway, I’m... I'm an art major--”
“Hey! That was tough work, Stark!” Steve is laughing outright now, arm stretched out against a tree trunk to steady himself.
Steve catches Wanda’s eye, returning the smile she gives him, before calling out after them. “Be careful!”
“Shut up,” Steve chuckles, and Tony feels the vibrations of it spread through his chest and over the rest of his body. “You’re ridiculous and I love you.”
“Sure he’s not,” Natasha mutters.
“Fancy seeing you here.”
Tony does, and manages to not fiddle with his hands. “What year is it, back home?”
“Shut
“Especially when they’re about you, Shellhead,” Steve replies, and watches with rapt attention as the brunet’s cheeks flush a soft, gorgeous shade of pink.
Ugh, fine. Put the puppy eyes away, though. I’m only human. Anyway, last question, Parker.
"I saw it first."
“Good,” Tony nods, more than a little breathless at those blue eyes looking down at him.
“Not f-fair,” he gasps, when the warmth moves down to his jaw and neck. “You–
“Baby, you have no idea,” Tony waggles his eyebrows, and lets out a rare giggle when Steve groans.
“‘M s-sure they w-will,” Steve whispers.
” Tony purrs, and Steve’s cheek flush even as he rolls his eyes.
“Ms. Potts was right– you’ve got it bad,” the man chuckles, and Steve’s heart skips a beat.
“Countin’ the hours, honestly.”
She enters the kitchen on a Saturday morning, and is not surprised to see Steve standing by the coffee maker-- he’s one of the earliest risers she knows, and like her, it’s clear that he appreciates the way the world feels when the day’s just beginning-- but she is surprised that he’s the only one there.
“No,” Rhodey whimpers, and Tony moves him until his head is nuzzled into Tony’s neck, shushing him softly. “Wanna play…”
“Tell me I’m wrong,” Steve orders, eyebrows raised in challenge.
-------
“Because you’re gonna need someone to reach the top shelves when we move up to Cambridge in the fall?”
” Steve groans, holding his clipboard over his face to hide his blush. “You can’t possibly be like this all the time.”
“Look at this, Steve.”
“You’re such a dork,” Steve can’t help the laughter that bubbles out him. “How many people did you tell about this?”
But Steve only squares his shoulders and grinds his jaw. “Out,” he tells Bucky, low and serious, and Tony tries not to shiver at the sound.
“It’s, uh, pretty darn cute,” Steve looks down, shuffling on his feet as his ears go pink, and that’s when Tony notices he’s not the only one with his hands full.
“I can’t believe you just asked me on a date with a sticky note,” Steve shoots back.
“I don’t know that I could ever do anything to deserve the honor of getting to wake up next to you, of getting to work and fight and laugh with you. Because honey, you are the most amazing human being I’m ever gonna know. And you have no idea how much better you make me, Tony. In every way.
His husband squares his shoulders, and gives him an exaggeratedly serious look. “I’m on it, Iron Man.”
“An’ I--” Rhodey closes his eyes as he moans pitifully. Tony almost feels bad for him.
“How do you know?” Steve asks.
“We dunno,” he mumbles around a mouthful of Spaghetti.
Warnings: NONE.
“Didja open it?” Steve asks, before Tony’s even fully out the door.
“Kind of hard to go out when you’re hobbling, though.”
“Buck, don’t-- oh my god,” Steve groans, “Buddy, don’t-- Christ, please don’t repeat that.”
“I’m just asking!”
He won’t.
"Ask him to the Christmas party the school’s hosting on Friday.”
"Um,” Steve pretends to think. “Not something... Some
“Ditto,” Tony nods. His fingers move down to find Steve’s, and it’s with a soft, content sigh that he brings them up to press a kiss to his wrist.
“No he’s not.”
"Like I said," Tony chuckles, and leans up on his tiptoes to brush his lips against Steve's cheek. "Batshit crazy."
“Tell that to my freezing ba--”
“Uh huh,” Tony says carefully, eyes locked on the wrapped box in front of him as he sticks out a finger in Steve’s direction. “
,” Steve’s voice breaks, and it’s the pain behind it that finally makes him look up. Warm fingers wipe the tears from his cheeks, until Tony can see blue eyes filled with confusion and concern.
“If you can give me an hour,” Tony says slowly, holding back a smile at the way Steve’s breath hitches when Tony wriggles on top of him. “I’ll make it worth your while.”
“Chr’smas trees,” Rhodey nods.
“Say what you want, but those baby blues looked ready to cry me a river.”
"I love you too, so fucking mu--
Of course the universe would find a way to screw him over, just because it’s the most important thing Tony’s ever done.
?” Natasha smirks.
“Back when I was a kid, we had a neighbor a couple of doors down– Mr. Hoffman, I remember– and one Christmas, he bought a board for the kids in the building,” Steve says, and Tony can tell he’s smiling just by the wistfulness in his voice. “Most of ‘em always liked playin’ outdoors better, though, but I’d spend my afternoons sitting around his table, with him and Mrs. Carmichael from 5C. Sometimes Father O’Malley from the Parish would pop in too, and on my Ma’s day off she’d be sittin’ there next to me, and we… God, we used to have such a riot in there. Bucky dropped by once to see what all the fuss was about, and he didn’t last an hour before he was bankrupt. Hey, Buck!”
Tony pulls away to meet baby blue eyes. “By what?” he scoffs.
“Anything for you,” he says, and when Steve’s lips quirk up into Tony’s favorite smile, Tony knows he believes him.
“Come on, Steve,” Tony chuckles bitterly. “You really have to ask?”
“You’re absolutely ridiculous,” he hears Steve say. “Tony!”
Tony smiles into Steve’s sleeping bag. “It’s fucking awesome.”
“She’s stuck on you like glue.”
“Okay,” Clint shrugs, “but guess what I found down in the basements last night.”
“I’m—”
Tony takes a breath, nods, and follows the blond out the door.
“I thought I could manage. I can’t. Not without you. Not ever, not like this.”
Warnings: NONE.
are! Jesus, I’m gonna vomit, she’s so fucking cute.”
Steve smiles. “Where else would I be, huh?”
“You better be right, Rogers.”
“Well, I should fucking hope so,” Tony laughs. “Because if you’re doing this for anyone else--”
“Ouch,” Tony pouts exaggeratedly, only to shrug a second later. “Worth the view, though.”
“I can handle a little cold.”
“Something
“Oh, I’m definitely not complainin’,” Steve says, voice low and rough as he walks up by the counter beside Tony. “I kinda like the sight of you in ‘em.”
Yeah, I might’ve made a… comment last night. Romanoff wasn’t amused. I think we should keep it, no?
“Better turn the music up, then,” he says loudly, and just barely gets to wink at them all before Steve’s drags them out the apartment. “God, I love it when you get all hot and bothered.”
Enjoy! ;)
Everything, really.
“If it gets you to stop talking, yeah,” Tony mutters, but the line of his shoulders is relaxed like few people ever are when Bucky’s around, and deep inside, Bucky feels another frozen, tied up knot start to unwind just a little.
“‘m okay.”
“I guess you can have
“Who the hell do you think you are, huh?” Steve growls. His fists are clenched at his side, even though all he wants to do is swing them at the boys in front of him.
Tony rolls his eyes. “You’re so gung-ho sometimes, I swear to God–”
Steve’s moan is perfection. “
“‘m sorry, Tony,” Steve says, looking up at him through those baby blues Tony’s been in love with for years, and honestly, it’s embarrassing how easily he just folds.
“Yeah,” Tony whispers, patting the space next to him, and closes his eyes when he feels a warm weight settling on his shoulders. “Yeah... okay.”
“Oh. It’s...”
“What the hell is this?”
He ignores the tug on his chest at the fading cries behind him.
“It was slow,” Tony knows it sounds like a whine. “They’re gonna be here in a couple of minutes, and we don’t have shit.”
“Hey, whoa,” Tony sits up, pausing the movie to look down at the blond. “No, what’s… okay, talk to me. What’s that supposed to mean?”
“I know. But I know how much you love ‘em. Now, where’s my flower?”
“You’re in a happy mood tonight, big guy,” Tony narrows his eyes thoughtfully. “Care to share?”
“I could buy every damn forest in the world, Steve.”
not going anywhere.”
“Not in binary.”
“That’s a mouthful.”
Most of them– Barnes, Wilson, Clint, Natasha– are sitting on the long line of stools along the large island, with Bruce leaning against the refrigerator, and Steve…
"Trying to make up for today, huh?” is all Tony can think to ask.
“Are you sure?” Steve looks skeptical.
,” someone says, and
“You promised.”
Tony nods. “Yeah, I know I’m rocking the whole ‘homeless scruff’ look, but I’m actually right next door, so... welcome to the neighborhood, gorgeous,” he winks.
“Um,” he says, the sound trailing off into a yawn.
“I never promised that–”
It’s Rhodey’s turn to start, and when he looks over his shoulder, Steve’s pulling himself up from the couch he’s clearly been lying across. He’s in socks, sweatpants and a plain white t-shirt, and he looks so comfortable-- in Tony’s not-so-zen place of zen, of all places-- that Rhodey needs a second to take it in.
Barton takes one look at them on Friday and
And the best part of everything— the absolute
His lips are quirked up into a grin as bright as his cheeks are ruddy, and Tony only just manages to keep the groan of want building up in his throat. Instead, he picks up a handful of snow and starts packing it into a ball. “You caught me by surprise, you ass-- it won’t happen again.”
, you’re so...”
“Thank god,” he sighs. “Now that we've got that out of the way...” he holds out his hand, “Tony Stark, native Manhattanite. Genius, billionaire, philanthropist, and current grad student in Engineering. I've got three Ph.D's, and in five weeks, I'm going for my fourth.”
Steve laughs softly. “Small mercies,” he says. “I’m glad you’re my partner.”
In the days since they returned from Las Vegas, the feeling’s become all too familiar, and Steve tries not to dwell too much on the voice inside his head telling him he could easily get used to it. “You don’t have to do this, y’know.”
. Or as close to it as anyone could be. Back then, anyway. Now I can-- I see it, y’know? Crystal clear...”
“‘Til the next time, right?”
"Oh my god, I fucking love you,” he gasps, then his smile turns lecherous. "And you know how hot it get me when you talk dirty, so forget the coffee, babe-- lets go back to bed."
“Morning person, my ass. Come on, Rogers, c’mon, c’mon–”
“Baby,” Tony says, cheeks aching from how hard he’s smiling, “you’ve always been mine.”
Tony stops once he’s in the living room, turning at the foot of the couch to face Steve. “Jealous?”
“I’ll chalk that comment up to your delirium because really, babe...”
And then dumps its contents in the sink.
Soft giggles are her only response as she shakes her head, but JARVIS’ smooth voice breaks into the early morning quiet. “
"Fifty-nine minutes...”
Tony can’t hold back the gasping breath, knees buckling under the overwhelming tide of emotions.
Tony stills. “For me?”
“...what about a onesie?” Tony finally says, and there’s no way anyone could ever miss the emotion behind his jab, but Steve just grins down at him.
“So,” Steve says, “why me?”
“Pot, kettle.”
It’s incredible.
Tony swallows.
“Oh shit, my dissertation!”
Tony blinks. “Oh,” is all he says, and catches Steve’s sleepy smile over the top of Rhodey’s onesie hood.
“Are you happy?”
“Your secret’s safe with me.”
“It’s something really awful and nasty but I will grin and bear it for you,
” Tony lifts a wrench to his face like a microphone, “
“You’re the one fishin’ for secrets, mister,” Steve laughs.
“Only if you behave.”
“Yep... Small price to pay.”
Right.
“You should tell ‘im how you feel.”
A few scribbles later, he walks back to the door, sticks the note so that it’s legible from the other side, and taps the glass hard.
Warnings: presumably drunk!Howard screaming at a baby Tony :'(
"They wanna keep him overnight," Bucky says, and Steve sighs in defeat.
And Steve’s fucking face isn’t making things easier, with his baby blues almost as bright as his smile.
“You can just fuck off.”
“Tell’m!”
Tony’s shaking his head before Steve’s even finished, and he covers his eyes to hide the tears he’s finally willing to cry. “No, don’t fucking say that–”
“God, you’re kinda killing me with... all of you, right now,” he waves his hand around, letting out one last, tiny groan when Steve tightens his hold around Tony’s waist and pulls him further in between his legs.
"No," he shakes his head, stepping up to the bed. "You don't tell me what to do, not--"
,” Clint crows, clapping happily.
Tony goes utterly still in his arms. “…
, you ass. I can’t believe they let you be Captain America--”
“Don’t need the vents– more than one way in, ya know.”
“Gotta save something for the date.”
“Will you marry me?” Steve whispers, eyes bright in the dim silence of their bedroom.
“I think I’ve had enough of fighting,” Tony says. “For now at least…”
Prompt: "Tony trying to propose to Steve, 'trying' being the key word, because he is so nervous that he stutters through the whole speech, he can't breathe, he drops the box with the ring, while showing it to Steve, because his hands are shaking /so/ hard and he almost works himself into an anxiety attack. Which only makes Steve love him more, because he wouldn't have it any other way."
– blushes at the obvious interest.
I afford?” Tony scoffs. “But it’s also kinda sweet. Love you, Pepper-pot.”
“It was annoying,” Steve says. His voice is warm and playful, though, so Bucky doesn’t buy it. “All the pictures you sent made up for it, though.”
The second time Steve sees his new neighbor, they introduce themselves in the hall between Steve’s door and Tony’s.
“Steve…”
“Love you too, Tony.”
Tony’s reaches behind him, and then comes back clutching a bright, colorful
I understood that reference.
“You cannot be real,” Tony decides, trying not to let his eyes roam too shamelessly. “I think I, uh, might need to make some more observations. Y’know, for-- for science and all that.”
“Better not be the only reason,” Steve teases as he walks away, and his grin warms Tony’s chest as he sets out to find the blankets.
“I’m a firefighter, ma’am. In Brooklyn, New York.”
“Don’t be,” Tony laughs. “You did wonders for my ego. And now I’m here, so I think it worked out pretty well, don’t you think?”
“Both of us.”
Well, one of two, now.
He doesn’t make it one step in before his eyes find Steve, swaddled in half a dozen blankets and looking out at the gray, snowy skies beyond the glass walls, and he makes a pained, choked-off sound before he even knows he’s opened his mouth.
,” he gasps.
“Is this serious?”
“Mhmm,” Steve hums, slowly rocking the little boy back and forth. “That’s because it’s three in the morning, and all good little boys should be in bed.”
“Only with you, sweetheart.”
“Mr. Stark?” says someone behind them, and when Tony turns, it’s to find what’s sure to be half the precinct enjoying the show.
“Sweetheart--”
“Sure looks like it is,” Steve chuckles, then lets out a breath. “Look at her… God, she’s so…”
“Yeah, but…” Tony breathes again and meets Steve’s eyes. “Fuck it, I’m a little emotional today, okay?”
He barely finishes the last word when Tony practically flings himself at Steve, and then their lips are suddenly pressed against each other in one long, chaste kiss.
“You--”
“All I said was ‘I love you.’”
, Tony thinks fondly, as he finds yet another bright blue sticky tacked on to one of his suits.
,” Tony hears someone say, but then Steve smiles and what was he thinking about?
"Can't keep them waiting, then," Steve holds out his hand. "Come with me?"
Wouldn’t think so, right? But what can I say, he wears it well.
Steve’s laughter is soft and low, warmth brushing Tony’s cheek with every breath. “Well, as fun as that was, it’s not the present I was talking about.” In the dim light of their bedroom, he’s more beautiful than ever, baby blues so soft and full of love, Tony’s almost left breathless.
Steve pulls back. “Is that right?”
“Plant one on me, sweetheart.” Tony orders, but can’t hide the whimper when Steve chuckles.
“You’ve already had one.”
“You sound pretty sure of yourself, honey bunch. I thought you knew me...”
“Where is everyone?” she asks by way of greeting, climbing on one of the kitchen stools.
March Prompt #22: “Don’t touch me.”
“Ouch. That almost hurt,” he chuckles, and then turns to press his lips to the golden curls nestled under his chin. “That wasn’t very nice of Papa, huh,
“Kill me.”
“If you want, I can just give drop him back off with you--”
It’s not until Natasha hums tellingly that he turns to face them.
Warnings: NONE.
“You’re crazy,” Tony finally says, voice ragged with disbelief. “Batshit crazy, you know that?”
Believe me, I know.
“You’d like that, wouldn’t you?” he replies, when the air finally comes back into his lungs.
“Thank you.”
Tony’s eyes narrow dangerously, and Steve feels a thrill run through him. “Pushin’ your luck there, big guy.”
He’d asked Steve about it the morning after, when his mind was normal again-- as normal as it could be, anyway, seeing as how he’s Tony Stark-- but Steve had just shaken his head.
Tony looks thoughtful for a moment, and then shrugs. “She didn’t really mean that, though.”
One of the things Tony likes best about being a teacher, he’s decided, is that it’s basically a giant
“Yeah,” Sam says. “I don’t think anyone remembered you had it when it happened, and we only saw it after they’d taken you.”
Steve smirks. “Whaddaya say we cut this evenin’ short and have our own game night upstairs?”
Steve closes his eyes when he feels Tony’s smile against his skin, and lets the breeze lull them both into a blissful silence.
“Nope, sorry,” Tony lifts his mug over his head. “Coffee’s for big people, Tweety bird.”
“Ah, ah, ah, no— nope,” Tony tut-tuts, wagging a finger and grinning when Natasha lets out a soft, hushed giggle. “No babysitting. Absolutely zero babysitting. No babies here, Potts, so you can’t babysit not-babies.”
“I can’t lose you.”
Tony stark doesn't beg.
It’s called genius.
“You’re makin’ ‘em sound like puppies.”
“You don’t...” Tony swallows the lump in his throat. “It’s fine.”
Tony grins. The soft hair at Steve's nape feels delightful. "How 'bout this?" He kisses Steve's nose, grinning when Steve wrinkles it a second later.
“No.”
” comes Barnes’ disgruntled reply, and Pepper can practically see the glare Tony’s surely being treated to.
“I just… I don’t know why I’m doing this anymore.” Tony says softly, tucking his head under Steve’s chin. “I know we talked about winning and, y’know, being up there together, and… You’re a shoo in, babe, that’s a given. You don’t even have to do any of this shit, but…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“She won’t,” Tony grins, and pushes him into the store.
Stony Christmas prompt #22: "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
But Tony only has eyes for him.
screwed.
through the window. “Uncle Agent, I promise I’m not a Skrull! And you know you’ve alway been my favorite– wait, no you don’t. At least not yet. But you are!”
“You know that, right?”
- - - - -
“And the reception.”
“Yes you can, and do you know why? Because it’s Steve.”
“Figures,” Steve mutters under his breath, and only winks when Tony huffs at him even as his hands curve over the little cards in a trembling hold.
your day?” Tony pouts, and feels his heart skip a beat at the answering chuckle.
“I just– give me five minutes, I’m… just about done… revising...”
“Hot chocolate.”
“I know. And speaking of Cap... do us all a favor and get your head out of your ass, will you?”
“I’m going to hang up now.”
“I just want my ornament in the best branch! Does no one have faith in me?”
“And I figured it wouldn’t hurt to give it to ya now. C’mere,” Steve pats the space in front of him, and even with his heart still feeling like it’s halfway out his chest, Tony follows his Captain’s orders.
But nothing’s nicer than Steve Rogers, Tony’s classroom neighbor, resident art teacher and
“Hi!” Barnes chirps, all crooked grin and floppy puppy ears framing his shaggy hair.
But even though they’ve talked, they’re not the tightest of friends, and Tony decides one afternoon that he really fucking needs to change that, which is how it all starts.
The beeping is gone, the sheets rustle under warm,
Steve lifts his cheek from Tony’s shoulder, and finally faces the small crowd around them. “What’s all this?” he asks, eyes moving over every corner of the room; at the string lights and the tinsel hanging from corner to corner, the exquisitely cut paper snowflakes dangling from the ceiling, and finally... the miniature Christmas tree atop the same chair he’d been sitting in last night.
“Probably a good idea,” Tony nods. “Wouldn’t want that pretty little head to get hurt.”
When he gets back from lunch, he has to hold the urge to squeal when he sees a piece of blue that wasn’t there before:
After all the planning– the hours spent on the phone basically bribing the Met to let him rent out the place for the day, the frankly ridiculous excuses he has to come up with to stop Steve from coming into the workshop while he makes the ring, and the days it takes for him to come up with the perfect speech– it goes wrong the second he goes ahead and does it.
“I’ll tell Pepper to set it all up,” Tony replies, and can’t hold back another yawn.
Tony knows Steve’s awake.
“Well,” Tony stretches languidly before meeting those bright blue eyes. “You’re also pretty good at reaching the high shelves in the cupboards– I’m pretty sure Clint gets Thor to put all my mugs up there on purpose. Ungrateful bastard.”
“Oh,” she smiles, “that makes sense.”
“Anything for you, Cap,” he says, and when he feels Steve smile into his chest, he tightens his hold just a little bit more.
“You blew up the science lab, genius.”
“Then trust me when I tell you you’ll always be worth it,” Steve says, lips brushing the side of Tony’s head, and Tony...
He doesn’t even have to wonder who the culprit is. “This isn’t how I saw us spending Christmas,” he admits.
“I have no idea.”
Tony doesn’t look at her. He can’t. He just gives Pepper a pleading look. “Take care of her.”
“You know I wouldn’t,” Steve cuts him off, voice as soft as the arms he winds around Tony’s waist are firm.
“Sometimes I wonder if you forget that it’s just an egg,” Tony teases, bumping shoulders with the blond as they sit side by side at their lunch table.
“Don’t have to tell me twice, sunshine,” Tony says, only to freeze when Steve
“You’re a sap and I’m not doing this again.”
Tony shakes his head. “You’re an ass and I hate you-- hey, Wilson, eat that crust.”
Steve gives him a proud grin.
– God, I can’t believe I have to spell this out for you, you’re just like Rhodey.”
“I’m gonna wipe that smirk right off your face, you fucker,” Bucky growls.
“I’m kinda dyin’ to kiss ya,” Steve says, voice rough and low.
“Why?”
Warnings: NONE.
“That’s funny--”
“I hate this.”
“And Uncle Bucky and Uncle Sam? And Uncle Clint and Auntie Nat, and Auntie Pepper?”
“You were out running all morning-- you ran, what, three miles?”
“Kidding, I’m kidding,” Tony reaches up to bop Steve’s nose, and then laughs when the blond wrinkles it a second later. “You’ll be fine, you won’t mess it up, I trust you.”
“You’re all bat shit crazy,” Tony mutters, even as the awe in his voice is unmistakeable.
"Hey, no, stop," Tony shakes his head. "The kids need time to come up with a kick ass costume, right?
Tony’s knees suddenly feel weaker than they’ve ever felt, and he can barely hear his voice through the rush of blood in his ears. “What...”
” Clint hears Cap say, and rolls his eyes because Jesus, the man is so whipped it’s embarrassing.
“On what?”
“Who are these babies, then?” he says instead, pointing to the puppies scrambling around the edge of the pen.
“Because Papa’s a slave driver and doesn’t want me to be happy.”
The light blazed, and the world winked out.
And then she looks at him, all-encompassing, and there’s no way she can’t feel Tony’s heart rocket into his reactor, slam against his sternum again and again, in a desperate bid to set itself free. They stay there, stilled in time, till Steph drops her gaze and starts wrapping clean bandages around the wound and Tony breathes in and out with time and tells his pounding chest-
“It’s called the National Gallery of Victoria.” The words emerged immediately in an excited spurt, earphones jerking in response. Steve raised a hand to readjust the finicky device, the tiny buds at the end of tangled wires barely clinging on to the gigantic crevice in his clearly oversized ears. How did people nowadays go around striding down the roads and jogging through parks without those wires falling and dragging at their heels anyway? “It’s Australia’s oldest, and largest art museum. They’ve opened up the doors to all their exhibitions for White Night.”
“Does it turn stone to gold and produce everlasting, ever-fizzy Coke?”
, Steve.”
Oh, fuck it. “When you’re done breaking the hearts of middle-aged creeps, could you Google ‘high definition murder nightmare’ for me please?”
The tiny sound got lost somewhere, in the milieu of chirps and mechanical whines and appliances whirring- that over the years had become habit and lullaby both to his ears. Even now- when his eyeballs squeaked in their sockets from dryness, eyelids limned red and scalding, the workshop blurring in and out of focus around him in a parody of a dream that cannot come without sleep; the sounds still soothed him. Constants in a fracturing world.
But it was like Rhodey could hear his inner monologue, and plough through the bullshit and the vague pronouns even in there. “It’s him. Always. What the hell is it about Captain America that makes you so incapable of giving up on him?”
He whirled around on reflex, staggering a little with the motion under the weight of the suit. “Don’t need medical attention, ‘m good.”
Steph slows down a little, mouth furrowing into a moue of thought. “The thing they use to make wedding rings?”
With unfeeling fingers, Steve prised the phone free and looked at the screen. Ten numbers, arranged in the same order he knew they would be in. And this time, there was absolutely no doubt about who would be on the other line.
After that, it all just simply goes out of control.
Steve didn’t take the bait – stepping forward till Tony could count every blonde strand in his fringe being ruffled by the wind. “I… I know things have been different since Bruce left. But Rhodey’s on the team now and… Sam’s a great guy–”
“Should I dim the lights further?” FRIDAY enquired, as perfectly considerate as she always was. “You’ve just had about six hours of sleep, and the sun’s not exactly up-“
“How long is this gonna take?”
“Nathaniel.” FRIDAY corrected gently.
He turns and walks. It’s a short one – the lakehouse property isn’t really big. There’s grass everywhere, and dandelions, and no headstones.
Steve raised his head. He could still only see the back of Tony’s; dark strands at the nape curling in the fading sunlight. He took one step. Then another.
Two lines, and that was it. Enough to suck him out of that poisonous little cesspool of nostalgia that his trip down memory lane had prompted. So tempting after all, to give into that train of, ‘remember how we used to laugh and have fun and dream hopeful dreams. Oh, no wait, that was just me.’
Captain America’s kneeling beside him-and she’s smiling. Wisps of hair have escaped her helmet, drifting around her forehead and ears, and she’s got a long, bloody scratch down the side of her nose. It’s a crooked nose, and her smile is crooked too.
And responsibility and common sense and everything that had been keeping him inside drove him out- till he stood here. Hand raised to his face, shielding his eyes from the setting sun, somewhere in a park in Queens.
Because every time they died in some ludicrous way and Tony would shake his shoulders out subtly, preparing to get his ass off the couch – Steve would chortle a little, prod at the screen and start it all over
Something pressed on his throat, cold and unyielding. A quiet crack, the sense of air receding sharply – and Tony’s vision greyed out.
Well then, Tony despaired, if even prudish SHIELD agents were used to his antics now, then what was the point of him really? Mind, he wasn’t even being that hyperbolic. His tailbone definitely twinged as he left the hardwood chair he’d been sprawling on for the last twenty minutes, and he wasn’t standing quite as straight as he’d like to be. Which wasn’t even that much, Tony was all for nonchalant slouching. It was all these robotic SHIELD agents that gave him complexes, what with the steel rulers taped to their spines.
“He had the charges dropped.” Steve said, numbly.
“Morgan.” More liquid, welling up at the edges of those eyes, where the laugh lines usually sat – Steve ached to reach up and brush them away.
“It’s uhm, a night…” Steve’s concentration was taken up by the looming sign over the first floor exhibit-blocky, yet elegant black text on white walls proclaiming
cart wheel crest-”
A short, sharp sound of amusement. Clint’s arm flexed as he drew back to pull another arrow out of the quiver, laying on the flat rock he was propping a foot on- all motions deliberate and economic. “I wanna tell you you’re not- but guarantees count for horseshit these days.”
No. No, it hadn’t. Two steps forward, three steps behind…the two of them, making aching progress on a road of their own making. They’d sprinted and stumbled, sometimes stood still and refused to move on ahead, sometimes thought of turning away altogether.
“Stark, on the other hand, is basically every Linkin Park lyric ever written.” Tony takes all his sympathy back. And besides, who
“…if you compare me to a summer’s day, I’m running off to Antigua. Right now.” Because Tony Stark will forever be a jackass.
“I hated it.” Steve said, eyes somewhere far into the distance. “The idea, the very concept. The thought that goodness had to be something that you forced yourself into. That it wasn’t innate, that it didn’t come naturally. But now...”
taking care of you-”
“Being the organiser
“You should come around to SI on Monday.” Tony heard himself say, and just came up short of punching himself in the mouth in the seconds that followed.
Yes. Yes, yes. That made sense. Family didn’t leave each other behind, after all. Except when they get murdered. Except then.
“There was a call to Assemble.” Peter replied, perfectly straight faced.
Tony blinked, again and again, heart thundering distantly in his chest. When he could hear himself speaking again, his tone was impossibly casual. Anything else wasn’t permitted. “Thanks, Rhodey.”
“You’re off Manus, if that’s what you’re asking.” The man…Tom, for now, dragged the stool over, wood screeching against cement. He settled his bulky frame into it heavily, poor illumination catching against deep-set eyes. “Still on Papua New Guinea though. Don’t worry, you’re safe.”
“People hated being on group projects with you in college…you had built your third working model, and they were still flipping through reference books. So the professors just let you do your own thing.” There was something else to Rhodey’s voice now, the faintest, quietest trace of fondness. “I’d volunteered to be partners with you once, remember? First study session in the library…you never turned up, and I thought you’d gotten drunk off your face partying again. Lying incoherent in a pool of your own vomit somewhere, the irresponsible jerk. Cursed myself for having such a bleeding heart.” Rhodey breathed out a tiny laugh, shaking his head slightly. “Found you lying on the floor of your dorm, keeled over with dehydration, and this little mechanical arm whizzing all over the place, beeping crazily. Because of course you’d finished it all in a night. Remember?”
“Sorry. Uh…it basically takes place in Melbourne’s public spaces-roads, laneways, parklands, cultural institutions.” His footsteps echoed unendingly in the deserted exhibit. Art draped in light and shadow, and no spectators. The effect was eerie. “Installations, lighting, people performing on the street, music, dance. Seven pm to seven am.”
The letter looked different in the dim, incandescent light of Peter Parker’s bathroom. The motions were practiced now, muscle memory; a flick of the thumb unfolding the page from quarters to halves, a turn of the wrist opening it up completely, then smoothening the creases out. Presbyopia was creeping up on his eyes and the words were closer to blurred smudges, but his mind remembered too.
. Would he listen? Deserving or no, privilege or no, would he…
“Who-
“I…I know.” Steve tried, and failed, to peer over the Wakandan king’s shoulder to the doorway behind, which…what? Led to hallways and corridors and ten staircases which may or may not lead to the room that Bucky was being kept secure in? It was ridiculous.
“What about it?”
, trust me. I…..your trust means the
,” And Tony’s eyes flashed again, hard and brittle and so recklessly vulnerable, “Is that you are fighting for the right of superheroes to be right all the fucking time. Which may be fine when you’re Captain America, but sure as hell doesn’t work out for the superheroic fuck-up Iron Man.”
. This was the point where everything had gone so horrifically wrong. Solving this would be the first step to solving
“Hold on, kid.” Tony stopped him right there, scrappy heart muscle under bruised skin twisting nastily under his rib-cage. “Let’s hold off on the sap and the tearful promises, alright?”
It was a curse sometimes, the eyes of an artist, catching on these little details that so often went missed. He’d have moved on to the teenage couple at the back, hobbling through their steps; except there was a flurry at the corner again, and Steve’s eyes went careering back to the goateed man and his companion. She was apparently on a tirade, lips moving rapidly-ceasing when they pulled back, held hands and kicked outwards-and there they were back again, and she was continuing, brows scrunched and exasperated moue. And he was…he was actually nodding his head along, apparently according to the beat of the song, mouth curled cheekily. And there she was again, reaching up to thwack him for the third time upside the head.
about him, almost shrewd- “He did.”
“Cap, those guys shoot flames at a temperature over thirty two hundred degrees. Which if you’re counting, is eight Bosch ovens cranked up to maximum and tossed into an incinerator.” Surely even Captain America had to yield in the face of logic? Especially when he wasn’t in the red-white-blue-and-fireproof? “Last time, that was hot enough to blow holes into my armors.”
“..I will miss him though, and you’re gonna miss me. There’s going to be a lot of manful tears.”
“Look kid.” Peter shrunk a little more into himself at the ‘kid’. Tony bit into his tongue. “I know you think I’m a…I don’t know
more than some shadowy government organisation, I trust y-“
He lurched to his feet, knees unsteady, and made for the nearest suit in a stumbling run. Knowing that the armour would not give chase – why bother if you had missiles to fire and an automated targeting system?
“Yeah, maybe I shouldn’t have dragged you to Germany. Maybe that was-“ A hiss of air released between closed teeth, he’d promised that he’d
And wasn’t it indeed irony of the finest flavour, that Stark had to be shattered to smithereens to make way for the Avengers – but even as Tony went deliberately seeking for the bitterness in that thought, it eluded him. Just…looking up at that ramshackle A, barely holding on to the side of the Tower, set aflame in the light of the rising sun – there was something about that sight that was liberatingly impossible to regret.
“Mr. Stark?”
“Oh yeah, I’ve heard this one before.” Natasha didn’t roll her eyes, the gesture far too pedestrian for her – and Steve knew that, now and during the course of… ten? Ten years. “The future isn’t really that bad, the internet is such a useful resource, do you know how dangerous polio used to be–”
Steve…stilled, there was no better word for it. Even the blinking had stopped. There was always something in his features reminiscent of classical statues, but now he looked more granite than marble – solid and brittle, warmth leeched out of his skin, his irises.
Trailing silence. Stark’s throat worked, tongue flicking out to dab at dry, cracked lips compulsively. “I didn’t set this up. And you believe me.”
. And so Tony sits down and reads about a gentlewoman who was called on by death, who watched kids play, crops sprout and the sun set, watched life pass her by while she was seated in a carriage with Death and Immortality. The woman saw her grave, and Tony remembers an empty marble monument in Arlington, remembers watching Stephanie visit it with an emptier expression on her face.
“That’s……all you have to say?” Steve probably should count his blessings, but Sam was being suspiciously quiet, and knowing him, it wouldn’t last long. Better sooner than later. “You’re okay with it?”
“Coming!” He heard Peter yell, and then the sound of tennis shoes pounding down a staircase. A misstep- “-mother
Back on the platform, Bucky runs to him first. His brows are furrowed with faint surprise.
- “ Steve darted a quick glance around for eavesdroppers, and proceeded to furiously whisper, “-
It had the effect of straightening him up, hovering feet above the ground; something about seeing things from the right side of gravity resolving the view into high definition from the rain-washed swathe it had been. The sky heaved with rolling clouds, stretching over fields that ran every which way; slender, hunter-green leaf blades emerging from pools of flooded land, mud-flecked inflorescences drooping downwards to touch the water. There were no signs of alien activity, nothing out of the way, not even a crop circle, except–
It soothed something small and raw in his chest, the sight of Bucky’s exhausted lips pulling into a smile that somehow, remotely resembled peace. The erstwhile Soldier leaned back, the chamber clicked shut, and ice puffed over the glass.
Bad dream. Everything was fine.
“Afghanistan.” He says finally, and Steph’s eyes cloud over.
“And it takes on marks and washes them off just as easily. Camouflages under gold paint as jewellery.” Steph murmurs, clouded blue eyes far away in thought and…is she actually taking this seriously?
Natasha looks at him, brow crooking high enough to reach her hairline. Steve used to think that blistering colour came from hair dye, but he knows better now.
Tony smiled back, balanced on the knife-edge of sharp. “Don’t bait me, Rogers.”
Steve hummed. The sound was incongruous, yet strangely appropriate for the world they were inhabiting in this moment. His palms had stilled, fingers still stroking back and forth on the steel in tiny motions. “Bruce and Colonel Rhodes would move planets to get you out of here. We’ve got the King of Wakanda and someone who might just be an actual wizard working on this problem. ‘Sides, like you said, it’s out of our hands at this point anyway.”
“Yes.” Steve responded firmly. His hands were folded behind his back as if at military rest, his spine straightened. His eyes were bleak. “Howard might have been carrying something of value, or he’d become too much of a thorn in Hydra’s side, I don’t know. But the night of the accident…it wasn’t an accident. They made h- Bucky did it.”
have live access to the NGV security footage. Steve knew this. Didn’t stop his neck from getting all twitchy.
No clanks- and something tight and twisted in Steve’s chest eased up before he could even realise it. The three of them were standing around a screen that was beginning to play flickering footage- there were words droning on in the background, Zemo- oh,
okay, he had to commit here. Tony leaned a casual elbow against the doorframe, toilet bowl in the background, and received a drizzle of plaster in his hair for his efforts. “Yeah. Like an…uhm..internship, they call it? Yep, that. Work with R&D, see the best tech months before it goes into production, hell, come up with a good enough idea and I’ll make sure that it’s
It was too easy to ape Steve’s forced joviality, even as Tony did a crappy job trying not to think of the cute nineteenth storey apartment Pepper had bought in Malibu, single occupancy. “Real estate’s a big investment Cap, haven’t you heard? Gotta do my research, can’t just go about buying stuff willy-nilly.”
A real, non-imaginary sigh heaved its way into Steve’s hearing, fracturing the little fugue of memory he’d gotten lost in. “Fine. Tell me about the gallery.”
A building whine of repulsors, and Steve flinched back, just the slightest jerk of movement. Iron Man’s helmet whipped to the side on reflex, but he said nothing. The sound mounted in pitch, the light growing brighter-and he took off, a streaking jet of red in the expanse of the night.
“Seems like forgetting pens is a universal phenomenon even baddies aren’t exempt from.” Stark’s mouth was working on autopilot, his gaze was caught by the same tiny inscription on the smooth metallic surface. “Speaking of baddies. Did you know they commissioned their own stationery?”
“Yes, of course.” Could there even
“At least Tony didn’t start off helping the homicidal AI he had a hand in creating.” Sharp and cold, like a whip crack. He could see the cracks lining her expressionless face now. “She went from that to getting a free spot on the Avengers. How many years did we spend in SHIELD, atoning for our regrets-” He could see the film play out before her eyelids, just the way it did on his: Ottawa, Belmopan, Budapest, Dhaka, Riyadh…, an endless series of names they exchanged like humorous in jokes, pretending that they hadn’t bled out for each one, “-before we even knew the Initiative was something on the cards-”
Or rather, he went to bed but didn’t bother lying down and closing his eyes- just tucked his folded legs underneath his thighs and stared at the wall on the opposite end. Every couple of minutes, he’d shoot a glance at the bedside table where his phone lay screen-down, but the device remained still and unresponsive.
The warmth rose to Steve’s cheeks before he was even fully conscious of it, and his tone was perhaps a little too defensive for complete truth. “A little what?”
Something scraped in the distance, one of those phantom noises of the night. No replies.
” Came back on autopilot, Rhodey’s fingers moving unceasingly over the page. “It’s
The space opened up, became wider, better lit. There were rows and rows of glass boxes, clay sculptures mounted carefully within. Steve walked past figurines of horses and rams, oxes, boars; something with a boar like body but the muscular legs and streamlined hindquarters of a horse, with a ridge of horns starting from the base of the neck and proceeding over the skull all the way to the bridge of the nose. Figures of men, women, deities…cast in clay, cracks gleaming dully under fluorescent lighting centuries later.
was a darned sight closer to downtown Manhattan than the Avengers in the facility upstate. Flying over was a no-brainer.
“Stark.” Tony smiled, a swift bursting sunrise. Steve could feel his heart twist desperately under his rib cage, one last protest before defeat.
Rhodey’s lips curved, soft and faintly preoccupied. “Pretty sure the protectiveness is over the squishy Bruce-human, but yeah.”
“The Widow is a spider, not a scorpion.” Natasha pronounced blandly.
could have communicated better. Solved things,
The wall at the far end of the room was already beginning to slide up-Tony strode over, refusing to let exhausted, runny leg muscles falter. The display slid fully open with a tiny pneumatic hiss, no privacy codes, iris-scans or fingerprint-matches needed. Tony had been holed up in the workshop for the past eight hours, and nothing was going to fool FRIDAY’s security except a clone from another dimension. FRIDAY would probably raise an objection to weird radiation from said clone even then.
He finally managed to squeeze a syllable out, somewhat strangled, “N…no?”
Steve smiled, mirthless and unsurprised.
“Shield.” Ross said, and Tony’s chest cavity might not have existed at all. Everything seemed to have collapsed inwards, and the ability to draw air and breathe seemed to be lost in the bargain.
“Swando.” Steve pronounced it slowly, tongue curling around the ‘oh’. “That isn’t too difficult.”
Steve moved on.
It wasn’t coming.
“I think we’ve been through too much to settle for a first kiss that’s also our last. A last hurrah before the end of the world.” Tony stroked his thumb over knuckles he’d bandaged
was the blaring headline, and grainy, shaky mobile cam footage was playing onscreen, of what looked like Tony Stark walking down a regular street.
(but it could still sting).
The shadows began to clear, and Steve regretted every fucking thought that had crossed his mind before this moment. His heart was cold in his chest.
Tony, Steve breathes – and Tony catches it on his lips.
Tony could feel his eyebrows making for his hairline. “You talk to Vision?”
Steve’s hands opened and closed over empty air again, and Sam wished he could shut his eyes. In the first few months, T’Challa had offered to build another shield. Steve had refused. He’d also refused any kind of hologramic, positronic version, and said he remembered how to fight with his hands. And this was the biggest block of unknowing that Sam stumbled against on a regular basis-what kind of exchange had Captain America dropping his shield? What kind had him convinced not to pick up another one again?
,” Natasha whispers.
“Say it, just–” the words fall out slowly. “Say it.”
“Say ‘Papa’, sweetie. That oughta show him.”
“Wha-- wha’ happn’d?” Tony groans, and the blond’s eyes go wide in distress.
Steve gives him a smile, ruffling his little brother’s soft, brown hair. “Did you, buddy?”
“You’re such a sap.”
“Hey, whoa, you callin’ me short, baby girl?” Tony pouts.
The words are soft and warm along Tony’s back, and he’s helpless to deny Steve anything, even now. He’s so gone for him, it’s pathetic.
“Can’t believe you didn’t think I would,” Steve smirks.
Before Steve can reply, their daughter whimpers in displeasure, wriggling slowly on Tony’s chest, and both of them go silent as they wait for her to drift back to sleep.
“The last brownie, big guy. Made by yours truly.”
“‘Course it was. All my ideas are good ideas.”
“I do!” Wilson calls out from across the room, tangled Christmas lights all around him. “Better safe than sorry though, pal, so I’m with everyone on this.”
This time, Bucky’s helpless at keeping his laughter in. “Punk’s always been shit at cookin’.”
“Y’know, we’ve been out here longer than I think anyone expected us to be gone.”
“Only with you, Shellhead.”
“Never knew you had a death wish,” he says instead.
]– we’re the leaders. We’ll bear the brunt of it, if we can, and we’ll do it together. Two heads are better than one, right? Especially if the other head’s his.
“I mean, you took up half my day for this. And yeah, good cause and all that— at least I hope it is— so woo hoo, not a total waste of time, and I’m kind of looking forward to all the super spying in the near future. But,” he drawls, stepping closer to the Captain with every word, “there’s just one. More. Thing. I want.”
and finds Steve staring at it.
“Oh really?”
“You want to.”
“Oh Captain, my Captain,” he purrs, turning his body in a wanton stretch against the chair with more aplomb than he feels. He grins lewdly, and Red clears her throat around what Tony thinks might be a strangled laugh. The Captain, though…
Steve laughs, nodding. “I know the feeling. They seem to be getting along so well.”
He remembers eavesdropping on his father when he was a child, hearing his whispered conversations with men Tony never met; conversations about Hydra and the Howling Commandoes, and the wars that almost tore the city apart decades ago. Even now, he still doesn’t like to think about why or how dear old dad might have been involved, but it’s because of him that Tony knows anything about everything.
Steve’s smile is pure sunshine, and with Annie still squirming in his arms, Tony feels warmer than he has in a long, long time.
“I just… I needed you to know that, Tony.”
“Obviously.”
“That might’ve been the best birthday party I’ve ever had.”
“You’ll forgive me if I still have trouble believing that, won’t you?” Tony whispers, resting his head on Steve’s warm shoulder.
Clint nods. “
“Oh my god,” Tony breathes, and Steve starts when he feels the brunet’s hand circle his wrist. “Is that why– never mind, thank god we’re doing this now, you’re so precious.”
“Morning,” he says, and then goes right back to feeling breathless when Tony looks up and grins.
“You’re a menace, Rogers. Taking prey on the weak folk.”
“I’m not goin’ anywhere,” Tony growls, his own eyes burning as he leans in until their foreheads touch. “Look, put your hands here,” he points to his reactor. “Come on, big guy, keep ‘em right here– there ya go. F-feel that?”
“No offense to you, Captain,” the reporter says. “But can you honestly sit here and tell me you’d entrust your life to a warmonger—“
Tony stops immediately. “You’re the one pressing me into the mattress,” he replies, and tries not to feel disappointed when Steve rolls off him immediately.
“Well... you like surprises, don’tcha?”
It’d been a shock when Steve’d come down with a fever late the night before, and Tony can still feel the tendrils of panic at the memory of the first touch of his hand against his husband’s forehead. It’d taken only Bruce’s calm, confident reassurance that it wasn’t life-threatening to soothe him again.
- - - - -
“Very sweet of you, thank you,” Pepper smiles, and then stands up. “I think I’ll eat this outside, actually.”
“Don’t I always?” He drawls, sauntering further into the room with more aplomb than he feels.
“I’m gonna go call everyone,” Clint says suddenly, because if they get any more chummy he’s going to puke. He leaves before either of them can reply, and when their laughter follows him into the elevator, he thinks they might have to set up an intervention.
Baby blue eyes narrow thoughtfully, then– “Let’s just… pick.”
“Well, you’ve pretty much made my day,” he says.
Steve shoulders shake with laughter. “You love it.”
“How nice of her,” Tony deadpans.
“Seventy five,” she says. “Do you remember what you were like when you were four?”
“I love you too, Tony,” Pepper smiles.
Pepper and Bucky chatter excitedly all through their ice cream and the cleaning that inevitably takes place after, and then they trade costume ideas until they finally decide-- with a bit of “super genius advice”, as Tony’d called it-- to dress up as Black Widow and Hawkeye.
- - - - -
“Marry me, Tony?”
“I don’t think training sessions count as schmoozing, Tony.”
“So?” Tony asks, and thank god his voice sounds normal, because he sure as hell doesn’t feel it. Should his heart be beating this fast?
“Yes, baby?”
“You know it, Potts. Nice is my middle name,” Tony shrugs casually, unwinding a roll of bright red streamers. From her perch on his lap, a tiny Natasha waves the end of it gently, and Pepper feels her heart warm when Tony softly, unconsciously caresses the crown of her head with his chin.
Tony breathes in the familiar, comforting scent of Steve’s skin and clothes, and curls his pinky finger around Steve’s. “Think we’ll be here next year?”
“You weren’t even awake for it, so shut up.”
“That’s partly why we called you both in.”
Tony lets out a breath he hadn’t known he’d been holding when Peter barrels into his legs. “Hiya, baby,” he coos, and lifts his boy up into his arms. “Did you have fun?”
“Wanna back up a bit so I can breathe?” he croaks.
Tony almost gives himself whiplash. “Where?”
“Tony.”
“Back atcha, Cap,” he says, and cherishes the warmth in his chest for the rest of the day.
] Oh. [
“Jesus,” Tony groans. “We’re gonna laugh about this later, really. But trust me, you need to meet him.”
“If you don’t start talking,” he says, “or doing anything, really— you’ll see how quiet I’m actually not. I could probably start screaming, but I’m pretty sure you didn’t put me so close enough for anyone to fucking hear me.”
how much I’ve lost. And I-- god, the only reason I’m still standing is because you’re with me.”
“I wouldn’t.”
“Like hell I will,” Steve says, despite the butterflies in his stomach. “I just... I wish I could see his face.”
“Scout’s honor, sweetheart,” Steve says, and holds out his pinky with another smile.
“God, did the serum make you like this, or were you always this much of a sap?”
“I’m not stupid, you’re not stupid-- well, mostly-- so you and Steve? Figure it out.”
“I sweat to god, Jay, I’ll dump your ass at the nearest shelter if you don’t come over here. Right. Now.”
“Irish, sweetheart.”
“You betcha, Shellhead.”
“Listen, he’s looked over here so many times, I’ve stopped counting,” Bucky says, smiling into the rim of his bottle as he takes a sip.
“Never stood a ch--”
“– and y’know what? I’m laying it all out right now, because I just had to watch you die and I know it wasn’t real but it fucking
“What?” Steve breathes.
“Fuck,” Tony whispers, and it comes out a little like a sob but he doesn’t care. “Steve--”
“Uh huh,” Tony nods, lips quirking up into a easy grin. “My favorite pillow’s a no-show, but I get by. You?”
Favorite film?
“Wait, just…
Gorgeous, show-off bastard, he thinks, and smothers a pathetically lovesick sigh.
“I don’t want to leave you,” Steve says, “but you really need some rest.”
“Back atcha, Mr. Stark.”
“Oh, thank fuck,” Tony groans. “Honestly, Cap, you’re
“I’m holding you to that,” Tony replies.
“That I don’t deserve any part of you,” Tony says it, almost gritting his teeth at how bitter the words taste. “What did
Through the faint, crackling music coming from the phonograph across the room, Tony feels Steve’s words brush his skin like soft kisses, and even though he pulls back to meet the blond’s eyes, neither of them stop swaying to the slow, familiar tune. “Hmm?” is the only sound he makes, already breathless at the way Steve’s eyes gleam from the Christmas lights hung all over.
Warnings: NONE.
“Until then, though, she’s gonna have the whole fucking world wrapped around her finger.”
“You almost dropped him!”
Tony doesn’t hesitate. “Me. I’ve got you, kiddo, don’t you worry your pretty little nose about it.” He bops said nose, and Steve’s tears disappear as he giggles into Tony’s neck.
“Remind me why I called you over again?” he grumbles good-naturedly.
"How does she know?" Tony asks, but a second later, he smells apples and he turns and there she is, his Pepper-pot, heading straight for him. God, he feels better just looking at her.
“Hey, no, Rogers--”
“Sinatra, really?” Tony groans, “I know you know there’s more music out there than your grandpa songs, baby.”
“Love y’too, Daddy,” Bella replies, and Steve grins through a mouthful of muffin.
“If she hates it, we’re going to make you keep it,” Rhodey sighs.
Tony rolls his eyes, but a moment later, he’s leaning up and pressing a kiss to Steve’s cheek. “The things I do for you…”
Steve brings him closer. “Stay with me?”
- - - - -
“What I am is about to go find my cake and eat it.”
“Come on, gummy bear,” Tony says. “I thought of this one all by myself.”
,” Tony chuckles, finally picking up his finished product and presenting it to his husband. “Another one bites the dust.”
, they won’t stop burning.
“Don’t know why,” Tony says, “it’s just me.”
Describe each other in one sentence.
“But y’know why everyone else is sleeping?”
“I have money, Tony--”
Because Steve is right there next to him, sitting on their bed with his back against the headboard; he's dressed in nothing but a plain white tee and black Stark Industries sweats, a sketchbook settled comfortably in his lap as he strokes a charcoal pencil over one of its pages. From where Tony is, he can't see what Steve's drawing, but whatever it is, it brings a smile so soft and warm to Steve's face, that Tony swallows once to get rid of the lump stuck in his throat.
“I’m so glad you think so, honey. Listen, I have to get going alright?” Sarah said, standing up.
Sarah went over to her old radio, and set the dial for the local Christmas station. ‘It’s the Most Wonderful Time of the Year’ started playing but was interrupted by the doorbell ringing. “Tony’s here!” Steve yelled and immediately ran to open the door. Tony stood outside covered with sweaters and scarfs and he had a bag full of presents in his hand. His face was red and his cheeks were pink from the icy wind hitting them. He quickly turned around to wave goodbye to his driver, who Steve couldn’t particularly see, them walked in and hugged Steve tightly. “Merry Christmas!” Tony said excitedly. “You can set those right over there,” Steve’s mother said, and pointed to the Christmas tree, “The cookies are almost ready, okay, Steve?”
