“A bath together sounds wonderful.” Tony said with a smile, with his face softening Steve leaned in for a kiss but Tony stopped him with a palm to his chest, “Let me clean my teeth.” He said, “My mouth tastes like something died inside it!”
He had a fortune 500 company, was one of the most intelligent people on the planet, had survived being held captive by terrorists, miniaturized the arc reactor and made the first Iron Man suit from scraps, defeated his enemies, had two children, and had managed to create a new element while he’d been dying of blood poisoning!
“I know we can’t. That you can’t. Because that’s who you are.” Pepper said, looking both nostalgic and thoughtful, “That was my mistake, I think. I thought that if I gave you a good enough reason to do it, that you could walk away from Iron Man. When I should have known all along, that Iron Man is a part of you. A part that I should have accepted and learned to love too.”
Tony sighed, “I’m not sure we can.” He said, “I’m not that young anymore. The Palladium did a number on me, I’m sure how healthy my eggs are or even if I am still fertile. There is also the Avengers to consider. I can’t be Iron Man when I’m pregnant, it wouldn’t be safe.”
Tony drew in a shaky breath, trying not to think about the portal or the Chitauri, what he’d seen through the wormhole. “We have to,” he whispered, “We can’t not succeed.”
“I do not rant.” Tony said, “I express myself succinctly and graphically.”
Sleeping the beach was not the best idea. Tony couldn’t get comfortable, the lilo he had borrowed from Clint was no help, Steve’s body was as hard as a rock and while that was very pleasant to have sex with, it made for a very bad mattress, and to add insult to injury, Steve dropped off right away and continued to sleep easily despite Tony’s wriggling around.
Curien glared and looked back to Tony, “Osborn isn’t working alone, this wasn’t even his idea, not originally, he was approached by others who wanted to use his resources.”
“Deal.” Tony said, he held out his hand for Curien to take with his remaining hand, but as the Doctor slipped his hand into Tony’s the billionaire yanked on his arm and shoved the IV needle back with his thumb, “You try and fuck us over and I will cut this arm off and shove it so far up your arse that your hand will be gripping your tonsils, understand me?”
“We can’t just do the organizing ourselves?” Steve asked, and Tony rose an eyebrow,
“I don’t know how to talk to people.” Steve mumbled, “The world has changed so much, everything I knew and was accepted in my youth is wrong now and I don’t know how to deal with that. I keep worrying that I’ll say or do the wrong thing and people will get upset or angry.
It was Christmas day, he should have been happy and excited, the entire family (Team) were going to be at the tower, his impossibly gorgeous Super soldier boyfriend was cooking breakfast and Bruce was taking charge of dinner, piles of presents were sitting under the absurdly large and overly decorative tree in the common room, the sun was shining, the sky was a clear winter blue, everything was good.
Held in his hands Tony jerked and yelped, “What the hell?” his feet scrabbled at the air and his hands reached up to grab at the landing pad,
“Smoothing the militaries ruffled feathers after I’ve brushed them up the wrong way.” Tony replied, the spoon was back in his mouth now and he was typing furiously with one hand while doing something inside the helmet with the tweezers, there was a bright flash and several sparks and the eyes of the armour glowed. “Hey Jay?” Tony asked, taking the spoon from his mouth, “Can you hear me buddy?”
Peter and Zach had collected a good amount of wood which would keep them going through the night. Steve impressed them by ripping apart several large logs with his bare hands and then took the boys into the lake for a quick dip before the sun started to set.
“Who were?” Natasha demanded taking all of the Skrulls fingers into her hand and bent them back threatening to snap them.
“I need your help.”
Tony flushed and looked down at Lily trying to hide his embarrassment, “Well I.. guess that’s what we are, isn’t it?”
“And Bucky?” Steve looked sick as he asked this, his face had a horrible pale sheen too it, like he’d eaten something rank or seen something truly vile.
Tony anger rose as Steve used his height and bulk to tower over him, “I’m starting to want you to make me. I’m not the kind of Omega who falls to their knees the second an Alpha starts throwing his weight around” He’d had too many years of that with Stane to go through it again.
“Hey guys, at long last is lasting a little long.” Natasha complained, turning and shooting a Hydra soldier.
Peter spent the better part of ten days in the lab with the air constantly being refreshed by Jarvis so he wouldn’t become nauseous from too much smell. He also kept the earphones on to cancel out noise and sunglasses on to lessen the glare of lights.
“Once we knock out its power source you can throw Hulk at the wall though.” Sam added making Clint grin.
Zach hummed and cuddled tighter into Tony. They were quiet for a while and Tony thought Zach might have fallen asleep until the little boy spoke again.
“It is Mamma.” Peter said, “You’re alive, you’ll get better soon and you can come home to us. Jarvis and Friday are already making conversions to the tower, the lab is being made ready, all the desk tops are going to be lowered or have platforms that Friday can raise for you.”
“What, this?” Tony asked, “Electrical engineering, I started as a kid and, well, I kind of just never stopped.”
“You haven’t been returning my calls,” Rogers replied, “And I would hardly call this,” he gestured around, “As being overly important,”
“Not his call to make.” Natasha said, “He doesn’t make the law or carry it out.”
“You do not believe that there is cause for concern?” Vision asked, looking dubious.
The Detective swallowed hard and had to take a few breaths before he spoke, “The fact that you’ll be arrested for murder.” It was spoken more as a question even though it was a statement of fact. It didn’t hold any sway over the enraged Omega though, he just snorted derisively and looked away.
“Welcome to the mad house.” Tony dead-panned his eyes narrowing, “Sweep that flour up, Peter, don’t just hide it in a corner, don’t think I don’t know what you are doing.”
“You don’t speak to us that way!” Wanda shrieked, readying her magic, pausing when Vision placed himself between her and the Colonel.
“Shut up, he’s not.” She snapped back continuing to buzz the intercom until na security guard appeared.
“Do you want to go to community college instead of Ivy League?”
“Hi, nice to meet you, get the fuck off my property right now.”
That was a lot of information to take in all at once and Steve didn’t pretend to understand, he just nodded his head and settled in to watch the program, actually finding himself enjoying it, although it seemed rather scary for a Pup as young as Zach. He glanced at the toddler, who was staring wide eyed at the screen deeply engaged in the program.
“Autopsy, but I’m not….” Peter didn’t finish his sentence, instead he let out a scream as the scalpel sank deep down into his flesh, all the way to the bone and was drawn down his chest.
“Jarvis, sentry mode.” He ordered as they touched down, he grit his teeth at the sound of shrieking and grinding metal, gears protesting and groaning as they forced to move. Showers of sparks and metal filings sprayed the air as the suit opened allowing Tony to get free with some difficulty, it didn’t open up as wide as it should so he had to squeeze out, jarring his injuries as he went.
“Oh don’t they, I’m pretty sure they do.” Tony said.
“Wing head!”
“You have no Sir, shall I prepare a shower for you, or will you just go to sleep as you are?”
“Yeah, I figured that.” Steve said with a sigh, “Come on, lets get there.”
Killian laughed, “Oh, so dramatic Tony, all that rage in your eyes, the maternal instincts to protect your progeny must be driving you insane right now.”
“If I snore, groan, or kick in my sleep then I don’t care!” Tony blurted trying to ease the tension with humour.
“Damn, and I didn’t get anything in to serve them!” Tony quipped trying to cover the fear that snaked its way down his spine. Steve was practically fully healed and a super soldier, Natasha was no doubt armed and was a deadly assassin, he was sporting a broken arm, broken ribs, and was unarmed, this was not a good situation to be in.
The two went straight to the office where they found the ashen faced teens with the security guard.
So he wouldn’t feel left out, Peter was put in charge of setting the table, a job he took very seriously and even made sure to put name tags on the plates with the crackers so everyone would know where they were sitting.
“Tony, you need to control your breathing.” Steve said urgently, “I’m sorry, we’ll get him back I promise, please baby, try to calm down.”
The rest of the team did the same, laying out blankets to sit on and getting out the food for the picnic. For a while they all enjoyed eating and sitting in the shade while the sun was at it’s peak, then, after they’d digested Clint stripped off his shirt and shorts, revealing his swimming trunks and ran at the edge of the cliff with a deafening yell, leaping over the side to dive down into the sea below.
“Thor took him out to calm down.” Pepper said, “They should be back soon.”
“Neptune, huh?” Tony said, “You better wrap up warm them, it’ll be chilly there. But first off a shower and getting dressed.” He took Zach from Rhodey and glanced at Pepper, “Gimme half an hour?”
“It was your bomb.”
They made their way back through the dirt track they had taken from the landing strip, this time getting to enjoy the jungle around them, with Bruce pointing out various plants and stopping to examine them, while also pointing out the exotic birds that were nesting in the trees.
“If you give me a few days I can put you together a suit to wear.”
Silence fell in the room as everyone looked at Tony, at the Doctor, and at Fury.
The Doctor never finished his sentence except with a scream as Tony fired his repulsor hitting the Doctor’s shoulder; as he fire at such close range the blast was powerful enough to nearly take the Doctor’s arm clear off.
Tony grinned, “Now this is the best way to end a shitty day.” He declared, “Hold all calls unless it’s a zombie apocalypse and only call us if the undead are actually breaking into the tower, otherwise the world can go to hell!.”
“J your snark is becoming troublesome.” Tony warned the AI, “I will restrict your internet access and reprogram you.”
“Tact dumbass, ever hear of it?” She snapped at him.
The week before Christmas was utter mayhem as everyone was buying last minute gifts, checking that they had everything for Christmas dinner, Sam was heading back to Washington to be with his Mother for Christmas, Clint was going to his family, whom he had finally told the team about and would be bringing them to New York in the New Year to meet everyone.
“Yeah, I love you guys too.” Tony said, patting Dumm-E’s claw. He drew in a big shuddering breath and straightened up. “I guess I should call the Police.” He looked to Steve frowning, “Should I? It was a long time ago, and… it was the Winter Soldier. Barnes was like a puppet under their control. He can’t be held accountable for anything they made him do. But the Police might not care, and he might go to court and end up facing an unsympathetic judge who’ll sentence him to like three hundred years, and then he’ll fall apart and hang himself in his cell or something, and Rogers will hate me even more than he already does, because I’ll have killed his best friend, and…”
“I don’t know.” Peter said, deep down he knew he should get MJ to go to Tony and Steve with this information, they would know what to do and would launch a proper investigation into Oscorp and Osborn, but another part of him, the part that chaffed at being made to wait until he was older to start being a hero could resist the thought of being the one to expose Osborn, as it would convince his parents he was ready to be a hero.
“Over here,” Tony said, waving a hand, “Friday, what is this?” he asked the AI.
“Not go.” Sam said, “Hell no, absolutely not.” Deadpool pouted,
“Why didn’t you save me Tony?” dead Steve rasped, blood oozing from his lips as he spoke, his clouded eyes looking into Tony’s accusingly, his pale face streaked with blood and veins that were too prominent against his pallor.
“It isn’t real, it isn’t real, it isn’t real.” Tony was chanting the same thing over and over again as if they were a mantra.
Zach grinned and nodded his head, “I know, they make Pups and babies!”
He made Pepper C.E.O of Stark Industries. He’d been thinking about doing it anyway, even before he’d found out he was dying, he wanted to focus on Zach and frankly he’d always been better tinkering in the shop than sitting through board meetings.
“Heh, congrats Cap, not only have you had the cherry popped, you’re gonna be the dad of Zach’s bruver or sista!” Clint laughed, doubling over with his mirth.
Shaking and panting Steve slumped on his knees with Tony sat besides him, trembling as much as him.
Peter looked thoughtful, “So, one day Aunt May and Uncle Ben could be reborn, and we could be reborn too.”
Tony was wearing his colours, his symbol, and they were in public, and would be spending the night on the beach with two children.
“No, we need, I need to do this.” She said, firmly, “I need to say that I am sorry for ever trying to make you chose between me and the thing that has saved so many lives, including your own. I admit that I hate the danger that comes with Iron Man, I hate seeing you hurt, and I will never be happy to see you going into battle, but I can support you and your decision to continue being Iron Man, even though I do not have the strength to be the one standing at the side lines, watching and waiting for news.”
The Mayor of New York was hosting a charity Gala to help raise funds for the continuing rebuilding of the city, naturally the Avengers were to be guests of honour. Thor should have been coming too, but unfortunately, when they called Jane, they found that Thor had gone back to Asgard. Heimdal had sent a portal for him or something, or Odin had conjured dark energy…. No one was really sure, but Thor was off world and there was no word on if or when he’d be back.
“NO!”
Bruce looked to Happy, the two of them exchanged an uncomfortable glance before beckoning Peter to come through to the kitchen with them to talk away from Zach’s hearing.
That sparked a media debate over whether or not Tony should have given up the armour to the military or not. The pro side said that yes he should have, his injuries were a clear sign that he was not well trained enough for combat and the resulting loss of his intellect and technical genius would be felt by all and could have been avoided if he’d given the armour to a soldier.
“It’s true!” Steve persisted, “My hands no longer have a will of their own, they are captives of your ass!”
For one of the few times in his life Tony had actually been lost for words, had been unable to do anything but nod his head while tears ran down his cheeks, but not even the colourful fireworks could have looked as bright as Steve's face as Tony accepted the proposal and a solitaire cut diamond ring was placed upon his finger.
Steve chuckled a little at that, “You in the habit of picking up old soldiers who go jogging at dawn?”
“This is more important than prancing around a dance floor,”
Clint’s chilli did actually impress everyone. It was the only thing he could cook other than charcoaling meat on a BBQ, but it was certainly a dish worthy of culinary praise. Spicy by not too hot, enough to catch the back of the throat while still mild enough for the appreciation of the flavours.
“Holy shit it actually works,” he mutters out. He smiles, happy with the result. It’s been a while since this idea has been going through him. Mostly, it’s been Shuri who gave him the initial idea of the previous armor he had. The one that originated from the Arc Reactor attached to his jacket. But Tony wanted something that wasn’t dependent of the reactor. He needed something he could give Peter, so the kid could protect himself at any moment of the day.
There’s a dark cloud in the entire penthouse. Daily, people come by to see how Peter is doing now that he’s free of Venom. But, without the symbiote’s distraction, it seems like reality is hitting Peter hard. Practically bedridden for the past few days, everybody realizes just how much the kid has been carrying along.
The journey to the principal’s office isn’t long; the detention-room is pretty close to it, only two rooms further. Peter waits at the door while the woman knocks on the door. After getting a confirming sound from the other side, she opens the door and points at Peter to get inside.
He hears Steve before he sees him. The man is calling out some more instructions to some of the workers. Things about bringing weapons away for inspection and whatever else. Tony doesn’t listen, instead hurrying to the source of the voice.
With their hands linked during the entire drive home, it takes about ten more minutes for Steve to drive the car up to the garage. Sensing their arrival, the door to the garage opens up, allowing them inside. The lights turn on automatically.
Tony hasn’t been looking all that well the past few days. He appears tired, exhausted; as if he’s not getting enough sleep at all. Peter has caught him rubbing at his stomach as well, as if the man is aching somehow, but doesn’t want to admit it. Tony’s been jumpy, on edge. Clearly, he’s not doing well at all.
“We’ll just take the door. Thank you.”
“I just need to believe that I’m not a failure every Sunday morning.” He mumbled as he unwittingly leaned his head more against her hand, which pointed out that he was exhausted. Otherwise he wouldn’t be so physical. She kept going through his hair until she heard his breathing even out into a calm, regular pace.
By the time he was downstairs, her heart was only beating very softly. Blood started flowing from her nose, and in his arms, she died.
“It’s Tony, he’s not well,” Steve admits. “I need to see T’Challa, try and go back to New York.”
After that, he starts walking off, a heavy feeling in his gut and a sharp eye looking at his retreating back. Tony hides away in the car. He doesn’t want to return to the tower, but also doesn’t know where-else he could possibly get to. Rhodey’s only coming back in two days, and he’s not really
There, in the middle of the desk, lies a piece of paper. It’s an article, ripped out of what must be like a journal. On the top, there’s a picture of Mr. Stark. It’s an older one, taken by a professional photograph in a studio, where he wears an expensive suit and a watch that must be priceless, with then a subtle shadow of the Iron Man Mask shining over half of his face.
“Yeah, so my guess would be that he was just paid off to lie on the death certificate and Hydra dealt with the loose end after the funeral had taken place and any investigation had been wrapped up.”
“What hurts Tony?” Bruce asked, frowning as he knelt down, “Where is the pain?”
Thankfully the serum and his years of hard missions made him able to handle the long trek from Hungary to Austria, keeping up a jog that would have had a normal person struggling to maintain, especially after hours with no rest and only a little food and drink.
“More likely the latter,” Tony said, “Romanoff has a lot of contacts she can utilize at times of need, but when it comes to computers and tech, she isn’t skilled enough to be able to pull something like that off.” He sighed and offered her small smile, “I’m sorry they’re being pains. I never meant for you to get dragged into all this.”
“Is there any way to stop him talking, for like five minutes?” he asked, Dopinder, who had made himself at home on the corner suite sofa. He looked up from where he was stroking the soft fabric of the throw pillows and shook his head at the questions.
Before they continued to discover just what abilities Peter had developed, the most important thing was to get Peter’s sense under control so he could go back to daily life.
A few minutes later, they were sat back in bed sharing breakfast with Lily sat between them chewing on an Iron Man plushy that Pepper had gotten her and babbling to herself happily.
Steve flinched as Tony’s hands moved beneath his on the kitchen counter and he looked up into sympathetic brown eyes, “It’s okay,” Tony said to him, “You don’t need to beat yourself up about this.”
Steve really wasn’t sure what he was expecting when he went to Shield, he did hand over the ten bucks to Fury though, never let it be said that Steve Rogers didn’t pay his gambling debts.
“That him?” He said looking at the squirming ball of fury she had in her arms.
“Boss, the lobby guy?”
Bastard, bastard mother fuck Howard, and Tony needed a drink, dear God he needed a drink, and he didn’t mean a soft drink either.
“There was an argument between Colonel Rhodes and Mr Odinson as to whom could handle the play station better, Peter decided they should settle it like men and have a…. pillow joust, after Colonel Rhodes was unceremoniously dumped on his backside he decided to go for revenge and tossed a water balloon from a batch that Zach had made to simulate grenades that he was using to fight Darleks in the garden, the rest of the chaos followed shortly after, with Doctor Banner retreating to the library to avoid the idiocy.”
"Peter Benjamin Parker Stark. 10th of August 2000." Peter whispered, his voice hoarse. "Barrack Obama is president, I was adopted by my Mamma in 2009, the Avengers formed in 2012, and I have a little brother called Zach who is obsessed with Doctor Who." He added earning himself a smile from the Doctor.
“Why are you buying a chimpanzee?” Steve asked as he arrived in the lab, he looked around at the disaster the lab had become and rose his eyebrows, “Did something explode in here?”
“And I’ll be even better if you kiss me.”
“I’ve almost got it stable.” Maya breathed.
“Zach, baby I know, and I wish you could,” Tony said wrapping his arms about Zach’s body, “But you have to go to school, you’ve missed too much as it is, and I can’t leave here yet, I have to stay for a few more weeks.”
He brought up Pierce’s number and called him, “Stark’s car is tagged, we’ll know where they are and where they are going from here on.”
Thor hadn’t really any experience with such injuries and had been feeling rather useless when it came to helping Tony beyond trying to keep his spirits up, so it was good for him to have something to do that made him feel useful.
General Ross.
“Not true,” Tony said, pouting, “I ate last night with you!”
“Screw you, Stark!” Clint groused, his cheeks flushed pink, “Like you could do better in the kitchen.”
“You already are.”
“Together, and no, that’s not what I meant.” Peter said with a grin, “I meant if their relationship is successful or not.”
“Steve then. So Steve, it’s been quite an adjustment for you over the past two or so years, not so long ago you were engaged in the greatest war this world has ever and hopefully will ever see. You were fighting against the Nazi regime, trying to protect the freedoms and liberties that really, did not fully come into play until after you had gone into the ice. Can you tell us what it is like to suddenly wake up in such a very different world to the one you remember?”
He wasn’t the only one suffering the media’s unwanted attentions; Peter’s school had Paps outside the gates trying to get information from him, some even daring to try and bribe the teachers and other parents.
Lily gurgled at the archer and grinned at him.
“I’m open to any suggestions.” Tony said.
Curien scoffed, naturally he did, couldn’t risk dirtying his hands with something so filthy as the truth.
“The Professor.” Zach declared, frowning and leaning forward as the Doctor’s companions ended up in a creepy orphanage, “I’m gonna travel all of time and space.”
Peter snickered, “A bow tie, and a shortened lab coat. Mamma even made him a pretend sonic screw driver which lights up and makes noises like the Doctor’s screw driver.”
“You are not alone Steve.” Natasha said squeezing his wrist, “We will all be there with you, as will Pepper, Rhodey, and Happy, all of us will be help you, so don’t you dare give up on us.”
“Where shall we go?” Vision inquired, levitating up above the compound.
“There are three who stand out, Andrew Grey. He has resigned, however, his resignation may well be to avoid being prosecuted for dipping his fingers in the departments kitty upon which he was questioned after money went missing for the second time and he was the most likely suspect.”
“Yeah but we have practice now.” Tony said, “And we can always enlist the others to help us, so we don’t get completely over-run.”
“Geriatric douche bag!”
The Senator chuckled, “And Stark?”
“Thank you Bob.” Tony said, “And lets see, who have we got here, hello Miss Brown, been a while, chewed up anymore billionaires lately or have you gone vegan?”
“I’d rather commit suicide!”
She wished she could see his face in person, see his pain, hear him screaming physically as well as mentally, but, until their paths crossed again this would have to suffice.
“We’ve got morphine.” Fury reminded her but Tony shook his head.
Clint wolf whistled when Steve and Tony returned from the diner and Sam gave Steve an appreciative once over chuckling at the puffed up chest and smug look on the Alpha’s face.
Tony stared at the man, hardly able to believe what he was seeing, it didn’t make any sense, yet there was no denying the person before him, the man who had walked through a portal into his lab. Steven Grant Rogers.
Steve shook his head, “We’ll figure it out.” He said too in awe of his new son to think of anything at the moment.
Peter quickly started typing furiously because he didn't want to chase Harley away.
"There you are man!" Ned cried. "You almost missed the bus!"
Peter went white and tried to say something when Tony's eyes popped.
He dived below the building and called out to Steve, "Just jump and flap your wings!"
At least now he knew why he fell over when he was smaller. The wings must have been too big for him when he was younger.
"Nothing." Natasha waved him off. "We're just discussing."
Peter looked back over at Harry sadly. "Oh."
Peter's world had been tipped upside down, and now even more so because Natasha was so unbelievably protective of him. On some level even Tony was protective of him (Peter had tried to call him Mr. Stark but Tony refused to let him say that and basically gave the same speech of, 'If dad is too weird, call me Tony'. He also got to see Tony's lab last Wednesday which was insane).
Peter looked over at her. "Yeah?"
"It's okay," Natasha kissed her cheek again. "I understand. Have a nice day at work honey." Pepper kissed her back and headed towards the elevator and left.
Steve sighed. "Think about it, okay? Those wings mean something. Be proud of them."
Tony's arms wrapped around Steve's neck and he smirked, "Hello soldier."
Natasha darted through different rooms, chasing after where her son was. A woman suddenly came at her and she shot her down, giving in to the urge of shooting one more time for good measure.
Natasha nodded and Tony shook his head in disbelief. "I did not see that coming." Natasha glanced at him and saw Steve smiling warmly at her.
Three days later, Tony adopted Harley and Peter.
Black
For the longest time, Steve figured the attraction he was feeling to Tony was just him being grateful for a spot to stay. And then he slowly began to realize that that wasn't the whole reason.
does not work." He saluted and threw out a web, slinging away.
"Well," Steve slowly grabbed the pad from the kid but stayed on the side of the wall, not getting any closer. "Once I knew the accent, it was pretty easy to translate."
"Also?" Tony prompted and then frowned. "Wait, why did you like that?"
The weird thing was though was that he only acted like an asshole around Steve. It was almost like Tony felt like he had to act different around Steve. He was nice enough to Bucky and Bruce-not so much anyone else but then again, he only did the absolutely necessary things with them.
"I'm going to go talk to him," Natasha stood up, shaking her head. "Where is Peter Jarv?"
Peter cocked his head. "Well, it's interesting."
Bucky smirked, amused. "Wait 'till I tell Tony that-"
Natasha nodded again, her mind sort of shutting down as she thought over the events that had just occurred.
"Ahh, I went to Mr. Delmar's with MJ and Ned," Peter came up with quickly and he noticed Bucky looking at him approvingly. "I lost track of time and I forgot to text you guys. I'm sorry,"
Tony went red. "W...wow. Didn't realize you had such a naughty mouth."
May gave a slight smile. "You have a wonderful son."
And his
"It's fine," he said finally. "I get it. I'm sorry."
Tony patted him. "Yeah whatever. Go watch that old movie - what's it called?
"Hi." Harley grimaced. "Have a chicken wrap." he threw one at the kid who surprisingly caught it.
She closed the file and gave him a sly smirk. "I know. That's why I thought I wouldn't see you up here,"
"Did they take care of you? Are you okay?" she switched the subject, worry filling her eyes again.
Phil looked at her for a moment and then sighed. "Alright." and he left.
Tony looked at him, eyes slanted. "Pepper tell you that?"
Steve and Tony said yes at the same time.
Peter waved shyly, trying to catch the intern's attention. The intern took a double take on Peter and slowly began to smile and walk towards Peter. Peter grinned as well as MJ shifted so Ned was in the middle and the intern could walk next to Peter.
Tony yapped at him, looking smug.
Bucky froze. "Seriously?"
"But -" Ned started.
Sam stared at him. "Yes Buck, clearly the mission went
"We thought you were lost and we tried to make more," The man mused and Peter had a half thought that this man was stalling for something. "None of them worked. None of our experiments created what we wanted but you...The blood of the Red Death with the mind of the Merchant of Death....and
"Oh so it's like the secret switch a roo and make it seem like it's
"Please come with us ma'am," one of the security guard said, ignoring her plea. Peter froze on the spot as the door was forced close and May had started to raise her voice in protest.
Steve nodded and gave her hand a squeeze of comfort.
According to him, these men came to his house and killed his aunt. They were still there when he came to visit his aunt and kidnapped him. They took him to Tennessee where he escaped them. He ended up being near a police station where the men were taken after he escaped.
“Well, well, who do we have here?” a familiar voice asks all of the sudden. Peter looks up, finding MJ standing behind a large bowl, serving soup to the people. Her hair is put up messily, and her cheeks are reddened. She looks good, he thinks.
“FRI, what’s going on?” Tony whispers out, not wanting to attract attention to himself. Especially in the hallways of a hotel, where a couple of the guests are also making their way to the elevator.
“OH FOR CRYING OUT LOUD, WE TAKE TURNS ALRIGHT?!” Steve suddenly shouts, his face looking like he’s about to explode on the spot. There’s a total silence in the room after this, everybody looking at Steve with a confused, shocked expression.
“Can you ask Dr. Cho for more painkillers?” he asks, and Steve nods before leaving the room again. Peter doesn’t think he needs more against the pain, but when he tries to shuffle again in his bed, he quickly realizes that, yes, he needs more.
“What the
“Crap, it’s Spider-Man! We need to bail now!” one of the kids says, quickly running off. The others follow him, except for Flash. Eddie, too, stays behind a little bit, though he keeps a good distance between him and them.
“What were the plagues, then?” Tony asks, unable to hold back a grin. Steve shrugs.
Because of the suddenness, Steve yelped and almost fell down.
There’s an awkward silence the moment the elevator-door closes in front of them. Mr. Stark pushes the second-to-last-highest button on the pad to get towards his office, but doesn’t start to speak at all. Peter is aware that the man is looking at him curiously, taking in his messy look.
Tony doesn’t answer, not really knowing what more he can say. It’s not too hard for people to change their minds about stuff like this. Especially when it comes to Tony; he’s more than a handful of trouble. He’s selfish, eccentric, and tends to fix his problems by waving money at it.
“Well, I think it’s not hopeless, but I think it’s best everybody moves out for a little while. I’m shutting the place down for now,” he says, probably already giving it through with FRIDAY. “The others really couldn’t have found a better day to get drunk.”
“Yes, they intend to find a way to regenerate certain body parts, hence Curt’s interests in the matter.”
There he learns about Litiosexuals (experiences attraction but doesn’t want it reciprocated, or not wanting to be on the receiving end of sexual contact), apothisexual (not experiencing attraction at all, repulsed by even the idea of it. Three people, including Nat held up their hand at that), Fraysexual (Feeling attraction towards strangers but having it fade once they get to know them – nobody holds up their hand), Cupiosexual (wanting a sexual relationship but not experiencing the attraction), and more things like autochorisexuals, placiosexuals and abrosexuals.
“What was she like?” he asks. Tony frowns.
“Shish ish for a new recruit,” Mr. Stark answers. Then he puts the top back on the marker and puts it in his back pocket, taking a step back as he inspects his work. “A new guy, noticed him a while back, mostly doing some small things on the streets but did manage about two bigger jobs.”
Tony snorts. “Was that a pun?” he asks. Steve grins.
Steve nods at him. Tony gives him another quick peck on the cheek before heading out of the room. Getting to the elevator that leads to his workshop, Tony feels some sudden sense of worry passing over him. He can’t explain why, though.
“They’ve located Venom,” Peter explains. “They’re going to ambush it – May and Bruce are staying outside just in case it escapes.”
It’s raining, of course. It had been raining when Tony flew all the way back to the compound. It’s rather typical in November.
Bruce lets out an annoyed snort.
she responds. Tony closes his eyes, counts to three inside his head, and then knocks on the door.
“About what?”
And Peter finishes the song with a front flip, landing on his back into the puddle of water. Completely out of breath, Peter slowly gets back on his feet while LL and Chrissy run up to him, clearly just as impressed as Steve and Tony seem to feel.
exactly he’s supposed to be here. His mentor? His father?  When he turns to give Mr. Stark a questioning look, all he gets in return is a frown and a whole lot of frustration.
“The oxygen helps with the amount of air he takes, but not with the breathing itself,” she explains. “Just sit up for a bit and try to calm down, alright?”
“You, mister Stark, are an idiot,” she says. Peter then does clear his throat before pulling Natasha’s feet up and making his escape from the couch. They don’t comment on it, luckily, and allow him to make his escape to his room.
When she looked back up, she saw the other people in the coffeehouse stare at her.
she says.
should be as well! There are children in here, and you could have killed them!” Mr. Stark shouts at him. Wolverine just scoffs, turning to look towards Mr. Morita and Peter standing a little back in the Principal’s office.
“Right, yes,” he says. “I’m coming with you.”
“Even more lucky that I did,” she adds, then putting up a video of him and Yaël shouting at each other while everybody around them is staring. Peter is still wearing his ridiculous outfit, but that doesn’t seem to put Yaël off. He can’t hear what they’re yelling about, but he thinks he’d rather not know.
back,” another, lower though familiar voice calls out. Tony looks back up, suddenly excited to see Peter walk inside with his backpack hanging over his shoulder. But, there’s something different about Peter. Tony notices it in the way he walks, and the way he talks. Peter looks uninterested, his hair longer and sluggish. He’s smaller, less muscular.
Harry, who had been in the middle of taking a pizza slide, hums and starts to pull his food away.
He doesn’t speak, just holds out his hand towards Steve, who hesitantly takes it. Once their hands touch, Tony pulls him closer as if they’re dancing. With Steve’s side pressed tightly against Tony’s, the engineer comes off the ground.
Once inside, he takes his place back between Tony and Sue. The digital copy of the accords is once again appearing before him, but nobody pays attention to it yet. Once again, everybody is talking. Peter even startles when suddenly somebody comes to sit on the table, right in front of him.
It’s easy for him to find her grave; he’s been visiting it every day for three months before toning that down into once a week. Her grave is located next to her dad’s, which was one he’d actually been
kick him out, though.
“Peter flipped out and almost beat a guy to death,” Clint says shortly. Everybody glares at him for his crude way of describing it. “What, that’s what happened, isn’t it?”
When the quinjet drops them off at the tower, Tony calls for Happy to bring them back home. Before they leave, Peter pulls Tony into a strong hug, grateful for the day he’s had.
Flash walks forward until he’s standing right in front of Peter, a nasty grin on his face.
Peter frowns for a short second before groaning out in disgust, shielding his eyes the moment Tony jumps up as well, holding a pillow in front of his… junk…
almost died!”
“Please stop talking,” she mumbled with a shaky voice, trying to blur out what he was about to tell her.
,” FRIDAY’s voice echoed over the domain as she kept repeating those words. Before Yaël even had the chance to drop her stuff and run back inside, FRIDAY’s words changed. “
-look, and Peter laughs back at her, a little nervous at the idea of going to Disneyland. Not that he doesn’t want to go, but he’s just never been there, and he’s not sure what to expect. It’s every kid’s dream to ever go there, but the luxury of money was not one they had at the Parker household. Besides…
What he needs right now is Gwen. She would always manage to cheer him up, to distract him. But that’s no longer possible.
“I really owe you one,” Happy says fondly, not really moving in his spot. “I don’t know what I would do without this job.”
The other Peter didn’t mind knocking people – powerless people – out. He didn’t mind using his strength, didn’t mind punching the bad guys right in the face just as a first punishment. The actual Peter would, in every possible situation, try to avoid getting too violent.
“You do know that the chances are great that I’ll punch his brains out, no matter the fact that I might end up in isolation, right?”
“We might just do that, son,” he agrees. “You have no idea how proud I am of you.”
“I thought you weren’t forced to take direct orders anymore?” Peter asks.
She had to focus on her own creations’ fighting and her own moves, which was extremely hard in such a way it made her head hurt massively, like she had to split her personality. Luckily, Loki was quite concentrated and noticed immediately he had to steer her a little in their back-to-back attack position. At some point, he grabbed her under her arms from behind and made her tumble so she smoothly kicked down a few of the zombies as she landed. Without any hesitation, given the hectic situation that didn’t give her mind the opportunity to go even further in overdrive, Yaël followed Loki’s moves.
It’s just him. And he’s flying.
“Right, thanks J,” Peter mutters, feeling nostalgic as he hears JARVIS’ voice again. He’s so used to it belonging to Vision now, that it’s a bit confusing.
“You mean you guys will, I’m gonna be monitoring on the phone.” Ned clarified.
“Great. So, back to this, we seriously need to start locking down plans, Pepper has been on my ass and not in the good way about this.” Tony gestured to the holographic images of various wedding locations and themes to Steve. “We need to get somewhere booked and make some serious decisions on what we want.”
Steve did so, watching the blood running through the tubes and down into Tony’s veins, he wanted to think it was making a difference, was helping to save Tony’s life, but he could see the growing red stains beneath Thor’s hand, the packs becoming soaked in blood and needing replacing no matter how much pressure was applied.
Tony did not truly start to come out of his comatose state until midday.
“However, it is likely that the Police will want to exhume the bodies and do a second autopsy.”
“Yes, you really are.” Bruce replied, accepting a pair of kitchen scissors from Natasha while Pepper ran to get towels and a bed sheet to wrap the baby in. Meanwhile Laura escorted Peter and the children out onto the balcony, Peter might have wanted to be there for his mentor but this really wasn’t something he should witness.
“We’ll set up a bed in the lab.” Jarvis said, “I can have everything ready by tonight, and I will monitor you Sir.”
“I don’t….not all the bodies have been identified.” Steve said, and considering the state the bodies were in it would be dental records and DNA that would identify them.
It was eerily silent as Tony walked, not a single bird, animal, or human to be heard, just an endless emptiness in the hot dust filled air.
Peter was surprised by Zach’s question, while he’d been asking about Steve becoming his new Daddy if he and Tony got together he’d not said that he wanted to call him Daddy.
Tony closed his eyes and let out a slow breath, like steam escaping from a boiling pot. “Whatever,” he said, holding up his hands and parting them, “He is your problem, you deal with him.” This was directed at Steve, though Tony did not bother to open his eyes until he had turned around to head back to the common area, or perhaps the workshop.
Steve let out a breath, nodding his head in relief. “Tony called.” He said answering Natasha’s question, “He’s in Rose Hill Tennessee. Someone there was recently involved in an explosion, it was recorded as a suicide but before his system shut down, Jarvis made a connection between this guy and the Mandarin attacks.”
French Toast
“Oh, Mr Stark, my plan is most ingenious, but I’m afraid that you two will be too dead to learn of it.” The lift door closed, Steve’s hastily thrown shield not preventing it from closing. Tony tapped his ear piece.
“But he can’t be, he’s… there have been no symptoms, he’s not big enough!” Steve protested having gone as white as a sheet.
“He’d better be. I am.” Tony said. He’d not helped the kids make the volcano beyond providing the materials and answering any questions they’d had, this was a project they’d put together themselves after they’d seen a documentary on the historic eruption.
“I’ve missed you too.” Steve said getting onto the bed and laying down besides Tony, he ran his hand up Tony’s side and cupped his waist, “You feeling okay, not too tired from all the travelling?”
“You should go and write a nice acceptance letter for Cal and a thank you letter for his parents.” Steve said to Zach, “If you do it now we can check the spelling after dinner and you can give it to him at Ice Skating class tomorrow.”
“Get uncertain.” Steve finished for him with a reassuring smile, “Especially since you like MJ as more than a friend perhaps?” Peter’s face flushed crimson.
“We do.” Steve agreed, “But…well it’s complicated.” He wasn’t sure about letting Natasha know about Sam, he wanted to trust her, but he was wary of doing so and didn’t want to put Sam in danger if he could help it.
Tony could melt into this kiss, he could turn to nothing but a puddle of squirming and whining Omega on the bed sheets, could happily bear his neck for this Alpha, get down onto his hands and knees and present himself ready for knotting, oh to be mated and bred by such an Alpha, to be filled with strong, handsome Pups… But he couldn’t, he couldn’t do this,
“Yeah but he doesn’t just want to beat us, he wants to be seen doing it, the guy is a full tilt Diva.”
“How the weight of the loss feels like it will crush you beneath it.” Clint added.
“Mamma, feel funny. My head’s heavy.” Peter mumbled sounding really out of it.
“Confirmed.” Tony said going to the bed and picking his Son up, “Now if you’ll excuse me, a certain someone needs a bath.” Zach blew a raspberry and giggled, “Don’t give me that sass young Man, you do need a bath, you’re stinky. We’ll have to change your name to Zachary Stank!” His son giggled happily at that snuggling further into Tony’s chest and away from Natalie.
“Damn Stark.” He muttered, He’d make that damn Omega pay for his injury, if he’d survived the building blowing up. Osborn wouldn’t be happy about the loss of the lab, but, at least Curien had some information on Stark to offer him, the Spider brat’s identity, assuming of course the brat was still alive, if not…well, Osborn would be happy to see Stark mourning his Kid.
“Like he could!”
Winter was still a part of him, a separate personality, but not one that could take control. The psychiatrists called it Dissociative Identity Disorder, Bucky just called it the voice in his mind.
“The manor!” Tony exclaimed, “Its sitting empty we can totally use it for the ceremony and the reception. Jarvis is already uploaded there so security won’t be an issue, we can hire a wedding service to do everything.”
Tony nodded his head once not trusting himself to speak, he could feel a dull ache at the back of his throat and a burning in his eyes that meant he was at risk of crying and there was no way he was doing that in front of this doctor.
Steve, and Clint both chose the filet mignon and while the meat was superb there was far too little of it, or the vegetables, Natasha chose the red snapper and donated some of her rice to the two starving men, while Bruce and Tony both had the risotto.
The Widow nodded and looked down at the glossy paper pretending to be interested in out of date celebrity gossip so she didn’t have to deal with the emotional turmoil.
“Harley. Harley Keener.”
As much as Tony found this sweet and appreciated it, appreciated Steve respecting him and wanting for them to take things slow, it did make this situation difficult, because he would rather have had them already have been physical before his heat, then he wouldn’t have felt so embarrassed when it came to talking to Steve about it.
“That could be fun.” Bruce agreed, “We can pack up a lunch to go with us and spend the day walking.”
Winter was worried and Bucky was terrified.
"And what you need to do to help, is be a big brave boy and do as your parents ask and let us take care of you while they are with Peter." Natasha said, "You want to help your parents and Peter don't you?"
“And?” Steve asked, “Will you ask him to join the team?”
“Its so totally awesome you and Mr Stark are letting us stay over all weekend, Mr, I mean Captain America Rogers.”
“I wanted us to just enjoy it, be together again, like we used to be.”
“Than why make a plea deal?” Tony asked, “Why not just take what was coming if you are being so hard done by.”
By now Natasha had limped over to Rogers, who was watching Tony intently, ready in case he started fighting again. Sam still held back. He was in shock himself. Never had he thought that Steve Rogers would do something so twisted as to hide the murder of someone’s parents from them. He could not possibly fathom a logical reason for it, to remotely justify Rogers and Romanoff’s actions.
I must follow Steven Rogers/Captain America’s orders AKA Captain sexypants.
“Don’t be.” Steve said, “I never really knew Howard that well and he always seemed rather arrogant and too showy.” Howard Stark might have been very intelligent, he might also have been a slick businessman and a charmer when he was in the mood, but Steve had always gotten the impression that there was a mean streak in Howard, that he had a nasty side to him, one that was full of greed, contempt for anyone that he felt was lesser than himself, and a jealous need to always be the best, to be a King in all but name.
“It’s for the best Tony, it’s what you deserve.” Steve said to him, and Tony looked up to see Steve dressed in Captain America regalia holding his shield over his thighs, “This is justice.”
“I need to find a way to contact my Father and let him know of Loki’s escape.” Thor said, “Though with the Bifrost gone, I do not know how I will achieve it.” The Thunderer looked more disheartened than Tony had seen him and he felt he had to try and offer Thor some comfort. Reaching out he patted a large bicep.
“Why are you here?” Steve asked, helping Tony to extract Deadpool from his side and took Lily back from Spiderman.
Dumm-E beeped sadly at his side and nudged at Tony’s shoulder with his camera, “S’ok, bud.” Tony said, giving him a pat the way one would a dog, “I’m just being sentimental and sappy.” Sighed he got to his feet and tilted his head from side to side until his neck cracked, “Pull up my work list Jay, and lets get some shit done.”
"And when will you set off on your great adventure?" Tony giggled.
“They’re looking for me, I saw them. I don’t want to go with them, I don’t trust them.”
Tony had only been pushing Lily for five minutes when Strange arrived via portal with Bruce behind him, telling him of Thanos’ imminent arrival.
Tony didn’t respond, he remained silent, letting Steve take his time and figure out what he wanted to say. After a few minutes Steve started again.
“Yeah and something else, something, that if it works could potentially change the lives of thousands.” Tony said, his eyes gleaming with excited delight,
“You have got one hell of a mouth on you, Captain Rogers,”
“He did.” Rhodey confirmed, “The guy is really gone on you, he is serious about dating you properly, so you know what you have to do.”
*****
Steve had changed clothes. Gone were the baggy khaki shorts and loose vest from earlier. Now he was wearing a T-Shirt that was at least two sizes too small which hugged everything, left nothing to the imagination, and just begged to be ripped off those rippling muscles that is was clinging to. Then, to make matters worse, Steve was wearing a pair of shorts which were short in every sense of the word. Denim cut offs with holes in them and they were honest to god clinging to his ass and showing off every scandalous inch of Steve’s thick muscular thighs.
“If what works out?” Zach asked with a frown, “Are them going to go running togeffer?”
He longed to do that for this Tony. That and more if he were being honest.
“What’s that glowy thing in your chest?” the boy asked,
“Admit what?” Tony asked around a mouthful of reeces.
“It’s fine Tony, really.” Steve said, his voice too tight and the words sounding false. “I get it and its okay.”
Warning graphic description of torture on Peter
“For the record I’m not planning on killing you, with poison or any other way.” Peter offered.
It was so loud, so painfully loud, and it wouldn’t stop, it wouldn’t quieten and give him a moment of peace.
“Just ten minutes.” He said to himself, closing his eyes. He was asleep a few minutes later.
“Yeah, that’s where the signals are coming from. I’m gonna get Jarvis to look into AIM.”
Steve stroked Tony’s hair back from his face, “It says that your relationship with her was troubled, that you were not as close with her as you are with your sons. Which was her loss, her mistake for not being as devoted a Mother as you are.”
The kittens had a whale of a time as the wrapping paper and boxes were set aside, this gave them new toys to play with, they charged through the wrapping paper and jumped in and out of the boxes, scrabbling around in them and curling up to sleep.
He took Zach to Monaco to watch the racing, introducing his Stellina to Elon Musk who commented on how much Zach looked like Tony already.
“How are you MS Potts?” Steve asked, as polite as ever,
“He’s going to Miami?” a voice asked.
However, at moments like this, his appetite could still cause him some embarrassment.
After ten days he had the outfit created, actually managing to be artistic and give it some web designs so it would reflect his Spider enhancement. To protect his hands he got a pair of gloves and stitched padding into the knuckles and over the fingers, he wasn’t planning on getting too physical but he figured he’d probably have to fight at some point so he might as well try to give his hands some protection, also he didn’t fancy trying to explain bruised knuckles to his parents.
“Sorry.” Steve apologised and actually sounded sincere, “It can’t be easy, raising two children alone.”
“Director Fury?” The woman offered.
“I’m not groping him.” Tony retorted, “My hands are not even under his clothes, you of all people should know that for me, on top of the clothes does not count as groping.” He turned back to Steve and pressed their noses together, “Hey there soldier, got something you need to bring up with me?”
Epilogue
For a moment Steve couldn’t bring himself to move. He didn’t want to go to Tony, didn’t want to bend down and touch his wrist and feel nothing. If he did that, if he failed to find a pulse then everything he had, everything he’d hoped for, everything he’d been certain of would be gone in a second.
four artificial robotic arms to help him out, here?
Chapter warnings:
“You found mom’s journals, right?” the boy asks. Tony nods. “You know, then, that she somehow knew?”
“Tones, you’re alright?”
Gwen says with a grin. Peter laughs then as well, and then figures he’s right about that. With his eyes closed he imagines Gwen disappearing again, and after a few more seconds of just standing there in silence, he turns around again and heads back home to take a hot bath and warm up his body again.
Anyway, chapter warnings:
Peter already wants to turn back around once he sees Harry’s familiar figure circling around Hawkeye and Widow. The Archer is busy pointing his arrow but the Goblin moves too fast for him and he doesn’t seem to get a good aim at all. Widow is pointing her bites at him, shooting a few times but missing as well.
“But Nat, I-“
“Everything will be fine. We’ll make sure to mention that the others made us do this, alright?” Tony says, trying to joke a bit about it.
So Tony closes his eyes, putting is hands on Steve’s hips instead to pull him closer. The kiss is rough, and it barely leaves any room for them to breathe. But it’s still perfect, somehow. Every time Tony pulls back to take a breath, Steve leans forward once more to capture his lips again.
Whoop! Here's another one!
He wonders if this will be one of those days again. One where they’re doing their stuff and they turn around to find Peter gone again. And the worst part of it all is that it’s like Ned and MJ don’t seem too worried about it, which makes it extra clear that they know something Miles doesn’t.
“You can try as much as you want, this bird is not singing,” Tony says, pressing his lips tightly together. Steve looks up with a grin.
Yaël was fighting against falling asleep, but she unwittingly leaned more into Lopt’s embrace. He rested his chin on her shoulder and closed his eyes himself.
“You’re being extremely sappy this morning,” Steve remarks.
- Tony is a sneaky jerk that doesn't listen to what he's told
about what happened.
Peter doesn’t think. He jumps out of his chair in a smooth motion. Natasha only startles a little bit when there’s suddenly someone next to her. Once she sees who it is, she smiles and moves aside.
“’llo?” he asks.
Tony takes out the syringe, pulling the cap from the needle after making sure it’s purged.
The woman rolled her eyes, which probably meant ‘yes’.
“Tones?”
“No, no, there’s no girl. OR boy, for that matter. I’m not really… searching for a girlfriend, either,” Peter admits. And it’s the truth, he’s everything but looking for a relationship. Even if Liz is searching for one with him… Will he be able to avoid her, after failing to attend her party so miserably? Maybe she’ll be angry at him? Who knows.
To be fair, he’s really going to the library today. But if he’s checking his appearance out in the mirror to make sure that he’s not looking too much like a loser (though that’s pretty much a hopeless case to begin with), nobody needs to know, right?
On his way to the kitchenette, he comes across Peter’s phone on the counter. It’s vibrating, a vaguely familiar tune indicating that he’s getting a phone call. Tony takes the phone into his hand, but doesn’t pick up.
“Ah, if it isn’t the world’s favorite couple of the year!” Clint suddenly shouts, making everybody turn towards the door where they see Tony and Steve walk inside. Steve’s face turns red from the attention he’s getting, and Tony only rolls his eyes.
So, when Peter’s mouth fell open and he told her that he couldn’t believe he got his driver’s license before her, she almost put her fist into his face. Why did he say that with Cap standing next to him? Now that old man was laughing with her again! Why was driving so important, jeez. It was just a big frustration to her.
And surprisingly, one from Michelle. Opening it, he finds a video message that he immediately recognizes as the video of his fight with Yaël at the party she tried to show him back at school.
“Honey?”
What he got to see now where about three, maybe four weeks of content. Video images of things he doesn’t remember happening, of his other self going out in the streets and protecting them from evil, only not always in the best way.
But before Bucky can get to Clint, he falls down face-first on the ground. He doesn’t move, instead starting to snore. Clint, soon after that, falls asleep as well. Natasha and Hilde simultaneously agree that the game is over, both laughing at the pathetic men around them.
He’s still laughing ten minutes later, when the girl successfully dressed him in said shiny clothes, and even managed to put on some sort of make-up on him despite their permanent laughter. Peter has no idea what she’s doing, but he finds it hilarious on its own.
Between five and nine, the workshop is filled with three people instead of two. Peter joins him in his workshop every day now, working alongside him on the new suit that Tony’s preparing. Who it is for, he rather keeps a secret for now, but he’s sure that Peter will notice who will be wearing it. It would be hard to miss, especially if he worked on it alongside him.
“About Death?”
Now, the idea of having another child to worry about, to risk seeing dead if they couldn’t get there in time… Tony can’t even think about it. He wipes away a few tears, wishing he could just forget about that whole thing. What matters now is that Peter’s alive; he’s in the compound, having a little party of his own. He’s having fun.
Yaël put laundry detergent in the machine and pushed on the start-button. It has been three days since someone knocked on her door and drove her drunk ass to Xavier’s School for Gifted Youngsters. That someone happened to be Scott, the grandchild the Thompsons had been talking about. And Scott happened to be the one who, together with X, tried to train her, back when she was quite new on earth and still a bit unfamiliar with her powers, so she’d be more able to control them. These three days had been a whole ride through memory lane.
It’s Pepper who spoke. Tony gives her a long look.
Normally Tony drives, but he forgot his glasses at home. Steve forbade him to get behind the wheel after it got dark. Tony’s not going to argue about it; he’s 70 after all. He’s all too aware he’s not the youngest in the world anymore.
“Wade, I’m sorry, I-I should not have-“
“He’s actually kind of right,” Peter gets out before realizing what he’s just said. Immediately, his hand flies up to his mouth, and his eyes go wide open. He feels like he can’t breathe when Ned’s surprised expression meets his. Crap, crap, crap!
“I don’t think that’s a good idea. I mean, they’re probably blocked for a reason?” Ned points at the multiple programs, all of them disabled. Peter suddenly starts to understand where all of the other ideas for the suit might have gone to. After all, he’s been working for such a long time on this; it’s only logical that there’s
“Alright, pass him through,” he tells her. Then he waits for a few seconds, at least until he can hear that he’s allowed to speak. While he waits, he cracks his neck loose and shakes his shoulders a bit, preparing himself for this mentally.
Peter had muttered out, not bothering to mask his voice any longer. Steve had stopped in his tracks for a moment, clearly thinking. After that, he disappeared anyway. And Peter got back to his feet, deciding to annoy Sam and Barnes for a moment. Then there was the giant dude, the Star Wars reference that came too close to revealing who he really is – especially to Tony. Ever since Rhodey’s drop and Tony’s angry shout, he’s been lying on his back, waiting for Happy to come and pick him up.
Just half an hour later, someone politer than Surge knocked on the door before walking in. This time, it was Dust, who, of course, searched for an escape from all the happy teens with their parents. According to Wade’s gossiping which later got confirmed by Scott, Wolverine found Dust, or Sooraya, as a slave in Afghanistan. So there was no question that her family wasn’t able to come to the school, as nobody even knew who or where they were.
The mission had went smoothly at first. Sure, he could have lived with Natasha suggesting him asking out the nurse across the hall as his only worry of the day, but things became rough rather quickly when he found out that, once again, Fury had been lying.
Peter huffs out bitterly. “My girlfriend broke up with me, I’m having blackouts, my best friend’s in love with me and I almost beat a guy to death. How do you think I’m feeling?” he mutters out. Tony closes the door behind him, leaning against it while he tries to find out what he’s supposed to say.
“I can… sense it’s tired. The travel from my world to yours in combination with the constant chasing must have exhausted it.” Peter suggests. It’s possible, but there’s no way to prove it. They should at least be happy that the suit is behaving right now.
A real Asgardian wedding! That must be something to behold, wouldn’t it? Yet, Peter’s not finding it in himself to be excited. He’ll just have to bite through it, he figures. He’s rather hoping they’ll be so busy all the time that he won’t have a moment with his own thoughts. That would be great, after all.
“Sir, your five- ‘o-clock interview is here,” his assistant suddenly says, and Tony wonders how he did not hear her knock. When he turns around, he finds Katie standing there with a small and slender boy next to her. He looks a bit pale, kind of… nervous, maybe? It’s nothing he’s never seen before; most of them are kind of scared of him, but he’ll quickly find out that he’s got nothing to worry about. Of course, unless he’s one of those rich kids that don’t think they’re rich enough already.
“Let him go, then,” she says, waving Peter away without even looking at him. Peter stands up immediately, grabbing his bag again while standing at the door. The other man doesn’t even look at the two others anymore, instead walking towards Peter with a smirk on his face. When Peter meets his eyes, he can see some sort of playfulness here.
Or maybe she’ll glare at him and think him an idiot for wanting to bring his drama to her.
“Well, uh, when you’re out of the shower, you mind coming to the living room for a moment? Your dad and I want to talk to you.”
“What the-?” he mutters to himself, looking down at his hands but only seeing the dark texture of his suit. It might be the fact that there’s no light around him, but he could swear that his gloves appear darker than normally. It could just be in his head, because why would it possibly be darker?
“Am I wooing you, yet?” Tony asks once he closes up the car, pulling Steve along by his hand towards the destination he has in mind. It’s only around the corner of the street they’re parked in, so it’s not far at all. Steve still has no clue.
“Eh, I know how it feels. Drove my Aunt nuts when I started on my first medication; according to her, I was strangely excited about everything. She described it as ‘something coming right out of a horror movie’ or something. We switched meds after a week,” Peter laughs at the memory, thinking back of his Aunt just shrieking out randomly on moments because Peter would just show up without making a sound. Even now, she calls it his ‘demon-phase’.
“Well, things just weren’t going that well. Nothing dramatic happened, but do we really need something really bad to happen before we help out our friends?” Charles said while opening the door.
He’s stopped in the middle of his travel when he sees a bunch of police-cars surrounding a bank. Huh, is there another robbery? That’s perfect timing, he tells himself. Just when he’s at the verge of calling Wanda back up, he finds them already on the spot. Peter drops down next to them to ask for a status update.
Hela’s eyes burned with fury as she raised her hands and made a giant spear that pierced through the ship and made it stop from leaving the planet. Then she stormed towards Yaël, who desperately tried to keep the witch back by cooling herself down to throw fire balls at Hela while still pulling water from her body.
“I trust you’ll get her to her seat?” she asks. Peter nods, waiting for her to leave before turning to his friend who is standing there.
Of course, Tony catches up with it immediately. Peter is grateful for his perceptive father.
“Hell yeah, I am!” his laughter made her smile. “How do you feel?” he asked. Why did everyone ask that?
Mr. Stark? You can just… call him?” Ned asks, ignoring the small stream of blood pouring out of his small headwound. Peter wants to point it out at him, but it’s probably better if he would just bring him to the nurse’s office.
“We met up every night! You can’t tell me that you can’t remember any of this!”
Warnings:
(See the end of the chapter for
Their last step was ‘technological modification’ and it was the actual first time she heard Loki stand up for her. She heard his yelling resonate through the hallway, right before a few of the Chitauri walked in to come and get her. They grabbed her firmly and dragged her to the hallway, as she kicked around, trying to get loose, because she was smart enough to know that if Loki was trying to prevent this from happening to her, it must be horrible as he never held the Chitauri back from doing anything to her. In the hallways, she had seen bodies lying on the floor, dead, glassy eyes staring at the ceiling and before Yaël could register what was going on, she saw Loki leisurely stepping over the men he had killed. The spouts of blood running over his hands and the knives he was holding, made a big contrast with the serene, but determined look on his face.
Bruce would join Tony in the lab a lot and he would often find Clint perched above both of them, keeping an eye on him.
"No we don't," Natasha shook her head. "We have no idea if he's -"
After about an hour, Peter felt better to stand up and head downstairs. He looked around weakly for something to eat and grabbed some strawberries. He headed to the couch and put on some TV while snacking on the strawberries.
Steve shrugged. "There's a lot of reasons."
A chorus of '
"Oh, you can all hear this-great-" Tony fumbled with something. "Uh oh-"
Natasha's ears rang a little, wondering how she was going to talk to Peter. That always seemed to be a problem, how does she talk to her son?
"Do you think Bucky's alive?" She asked, hurriedly. "Was he with you?"
"So does this mean the next Star Wars marathon is at your house?" MJ smirked, sipping a school smoothie.
"He's found the source," Bruce said from the counter. "It'll probably be another week or so before he can get back,"
Not far but far enough to hurt when she landed. She groaned and held her elbow while she squinted to see Peter flipping in the air and shooting out a web from his wrists. The webs connected to two different trees and he landed in the middle; spinning but safe.
tour to Oscorp.
He jumped down and looked around, concern starting to get the better of him. He ran over and pushed the man so he was face up and nearly screamed.
"Steve," Pepper's heels clicked into the room again as she popped her head inside. Steve and Bucky looked up. "Tony wants to talk to you."
Natasha and Tony whirled to the kitchen where Sam was staring at an empty cupboard.
Also, I am now considering a sequel one shot where Harley finds out that Peter is spiderman o.0
"Wonderful," Bucky drawled. "He seems polite though."
"We've been sent word that his parents might be after him."
Steve opened his mouth and then closed it, not knowing how to respond. "I..."
"Thor," Steve stepped forward. "You really have it?"
Hummingbird wings weren't meant to stop fluttering. In the wild, they could pause for a millisecond but they would have to keep going. When Peter's wings stopped, Bruce knew they would never work the same again.
They lost few soldiers.
"Specifics specifics specifics," Clint prattled off.
"And you'll get them," The man waved his hand and Peter felt his spider sense go ringing and he turned just in time for a tiny bullet to be lodged in his neck.
"Yes," Steve blurted. "I - yes. That's- that's a good idea do that." Thor nodded and without another word he walked away and blasted off to Asgard.
Natalia's voice was cold as ice as she broke the news through the comm, "
"She was my family well before you! You should allow me to see her - you can't just interrupt my whole life just because you want me to call you
Bucky peered at him and then his eyes shut tightly and he let out a full-body shudder. Peter stepped back as he watched Bucky do whatever he was doing.
Steve also found that he kept on staring at Tony whenever he was in the room. Tony would avoid him as much as possible and Natalia would tease him, saying that he likes Tony. Steve would go red and shake his head.
"Huh. Pete, if you're in the area, just drop the suit off okay?" MJ said suddenly and Peter perked up.
The man's and woman's eyes widened in surprise. "Why would we tell you?"
She walked back inside, leaving Peter confused and fuming.
"Huh." Tony blinked. "Well, can't say I expected that. There's really nothing you liked me better as a cat?"
wings." Vision gestured.
"Um, okay," Steve muttered as Tony sauntered away, completely unphased by what just happened. Steve stood and scratched his head. "Do we want to feed him?"
The Avengers came to live at the Tower.
Steve scratched his head again. "Hey Jarvis? How about we order some more cans of tuna?"
Steve froze because goddamnit did he just say that out loud?
"Okay," Black Widow rubbed her forehead. "We'll take both of you and explain everything to the people who own this place. Bucky, call the jet."
Peggy sounded happy when she heard Steve voice but he told her that he had to land the Valkyrie in the water. He couldn't get it anywhere safe and there was nothing he could do.
Rhodey, Bruce, and Bucky.
"Natasha Romanov," Natasha introduced.
"Peter? What -" Bucky held his forehead for a moment. "What - Okay. I sort of - I sort of know what happened there. Why - we need to get home." He sighed. "God, I hate it when Winter comes out like that for no reason."
Steve jumped a little and turned to see Tony with his hands in his pockets. "Uh...you?"
"So," Peter recovered faster than Harley thought he would. "What are we going to do now?"
"I'm doing fine. These are my friends Ned and MJ by the way," Peter quickly introduced. "Guys, this is my elementary friend Harry."
He was sticking to the wall.
"Parker."
"Naw, I'm not like Harry," Harley confirmed.
Fourteen feet long.
Thanks y'all for reading. Now I've got two other WIP to work on - a writer's work is never over 😅
"What? What is it?" Ned sounded panicked.
But I want to know what
(See the end of the chapter for
mom to
"Don't bother," MJ said flippantly but Peter knew what she meant. He had become fluid in MJ-anguage.
"It's just -" Peter chewed his lip. "I've never been referred to as...
"Will you marry me?" He blurted.
After spending two weeks catching up on everything that had happened in the last seventy years, Steve felt pretty knowledgeable. Fury had told him that he was apart of a team of super humans designed to protect the world. The ones that had been recruited so far were Bruce Banner, Thor, Natasha Romanoff, Clint Barton, Steve Rogers, and Tony Stark.
"I'm sorry," Peter squeaked and felt an arm come around his shoulder from Natasha who pulled him slightly backward.
Tony opened his mouth and then stopped. He shook his head and put a hand to his forehead. "I lied." He said. "I lied to you, I lied to the team, I lied to myself-and you
"And second, did Pepper leave this morning?"
Three days later, they were together eating breakfast when Pepper's heels came clicking in from the elevator.
Peter stared at the text in shock. He fumbled with what to say while Harley texted something else - something along the lines of
They folded on each other and hung loosely from his back. They didn't droop and seemed heathly enough. They fluttered slightly and Steve waited to turn just in case he hit something back accident.
"Well that makes no sense," Tony frowned.
Natasha was Tony's other favorite. He loved to rub up against her chin and her ankles and pretty much everyone was surprised to see that she let him.
"Oh my god, someone is smarter than Stark?" Sam gawked from the kitchen.
making something in the kitchen." Clint popped down from one of the vents and Peter looked up at him, pouting a little.
Bucky and Natalia were sparing down in the training room while Vision, Peter, and Wanda were watching TV. Clint had taken Pietro and Sam to visit his family. Thor had taken bruce to Asgard because something happened and Thor needed Bruce. T'Challa had gone back to his home, Tony was in the lab, and Pepper was at Stark Industries.
"Harley Keener?" Tony squinted and Peter stuttered in surprise.
He couldn't breath.
That same day, two other super heroes from downtown New York areas joined the Avengers.
"Wait what?" MJ asked just as the Captain spoke.
"What?"
"That could take hours," Natasha crossed her arms. "And we need to head up to Upstate anyways so let's just get into the car and head down the street -"
"I - yes," Peter nodded as they started walking towards the back of the Tower and towards an elevator.
But when he looked up at who did it, his voice died.
"I don't...because it's you I guess." Steve sighed. "I mean, I didn't miss the arguing but...the rest I've just..." Steve waved his arms. "Got used to."
"Nat, please," Tony tried again.
There was a second of silence before Peter piped up, "Hey May wanna see my room?"
"Good kid?" Natasha asked Tony while Peter spluttered in surprise.
Every fighting bone in his body died as he saw her body go limp at his strength and fly backward. He heard a horrifying crack as her body came to an abrupt stop as it hit the brick wall behind her.
"You're him."
"He liked him I think," Tony's brow furrowed. "You're
"Peter is mine and Tony's son," Natasha explained. "Peter was kidnapped by Richard and Mary Parker who must have been apart of the gang and they took him in before they were killed and Peter was given to May and Ben. Ben died about a year ago."
They went back to the camp where Phillips had really no choice but promote Steve to an actually fighting job. Phillips also gave him a new costume design, one more equipped for fighting. he also got a smooth metal America-style shield from Stark (He also realized that Peggy seemed to be developing a crush on him. Natalia found it cute but Steve found it disconcerting. He never really liked dames).
Guards came after the person. The right wing flicked out and metal feathers spray from the wing-hitting the guards' necks and killing them instantly. Killian tried to rise but the metal feathers whipped out and stuck in him until he looked like a porcupine. Killian gurgled, then dropped down, dead.
The bald man stepped from the shadows, smirking a little. "Who would've thought that
Harry barked a laugh at MJ's comment as Peter launched into an explanation of what 'borked' meant and where it came from.
"I-I, what?" Artie stuttered.
"Interesting and intriguing but still doesn't mean anything." MJ flickered her finger.
Steve looked over and Tony looked surprised. "Wait, really?"
Pepper laughed a little. "I love you too, darling."
Tony didn't show his wings and now, since he has, he must think Steve wants him gone. Why? His wings were too threatening, he lied to the team, he lied to Steve-Tony must think there's a hundred different reasons why Steve would want him gone.
"Okay, I got it Pete," Harley laughed. "I've got it. I can handle it."
"Do you losers want some pizza and Starbucks?" MJ asked behind them and they turned to see her holding a cheese pizza and three Starbuck shake things.
Natasha shifted. "You may not be able to see him all the time but I can tell you and him have a deep bond and already he misses you." She sighed. "Plus, it might be nice to know what he likes."
"Let's hurry up before we miss the group," Peter gestured. MJ dragged Ned ahead of Harry and Peter as they ran after their class.
"Yeah, it was nice seeing you again too Harry," Peter responded, realizing that Harry had wanted a reply. Harry smiled, nodded curtly, shot a glare back to Harley, and then turned on his heels and left.
was terrified-
The first day the Terrible Two because terrible, they blew up the lab.
Steve got whiplash about a day later when he found out that Agent Carter had told Natalia she could be an Agent like herself. Agent Peggy Carter put in a recommendation and after a display by Natalia that both Peggy and Steve watched, the Agency agreed to let her work with Ms. Carter, saying that Ms. Romonova was a good addition.
"You're not like that Harry kid are you?" MJ asked. Peter frowned and looked between her and Harley. Harley looked similarly confused for a moment before shaking his head.
"Oh just the fact that the gang had killed Peter's adopted parents and uncle," Bucky got quieter as he went along and stuffed his mouth full of bacon at the end while everyone else at the table went quiet.
Peter scarfed down the doughnut and double and then triple checked that he had his phone. He jumped off the subway and then paused. He turned around and pulled out a few quarters. "Sorry Mr. Micheals, I almost forgot,"
"Liked me better as a cat?" Tony finished and Steve's mouth dropped a little, looking a little scandalized.
She looked familiar but she wore glasses and didn't seem to be looking at anything. Her wings were almost nine feet like Steve's and were a dark blood-red. She had red hair that was lighter than her wings and framed her face with curls. She had on a leather jumpsuit which Steve guessed was her suit.
"What do I -?" Peter paused. "Oh. Just - just don't tell anyone yet okay? I need to figure out how to tell them later."
"Sounds good," MJ nodded and beckoned Ned towards the living room.
Peter made a noise but he nuzzled his face closer to her collarbone and neck. Natasha turned to the others who all looked at each other and nodded. They knew that Spidey wasn't joining the Avengers any time soon and well, Tony would keep his promise on the gang.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter turned to Steve, mouth slowly opening because he knew what was going to happen. He turned back around to look at Natasha who was staring at Steve, going white in the face.
Peter bypasses the common room when he gets home and goes straight to his room. Natasha attempts to talk to him but he quickly says that he's tired and heads to his room.
They also gained another two Avengers after gaining Wanda and Pietro. One was created to substitute Ultron with his Sentries but ended up being nice. He chose his name as Vision (It sounded like JARVIS so JARVIS wouldn't speak to him for a while until Tony convinced him that Vision was fine).
"That makes sense," he muttered a little and Natasha laughed again just as Peter heard the door open again. He winced a little at how loud it was this time.
"Apparently he's my personal bodyguard now," Steve grumped. "Any news from Thor?" Steve added before Clint could say some sort of joke.
Bucky watched him carefully even though he was still dazed. He told Bucky how to clean the arm and that it was important that he kept up with the upkeep.
Peter shifted. "Yeah well my aunt...and my mom taught me how to be a gentleman. And my friend tells me a lot about feminism stuff so..." Peter shrugged. "So do the uh...the Avengers still want to meet me?"
Steve shook his head, "Tony I gotta get dressed okay?" Tony let out an indignant yowl. "Tony, I'm not leaving in my night clothes." Tony growled something before twitching his nose and leaving.
He glided towards the ground when all of sudden his wings snapped shut and he just fell.
"You didn't do anything wrong." Steve told him. "You didn't like you wings so you hide them. It's okay."
MJ raised her window, eyebrows raised. "You realize that you just swung 2.5 miles from that wharf to here right? And what are you going to do about heading back to the Tower?" Peter passed the suit and then groaned.
Natasha looked at May, helpless but the woman looked just as helpless as Natasha.
be fifteen."
"Here," Natasha took the vial and poured out some salmon and added the vial. She set the bowl down and Tony wandered up to it, eating immediately. "See?"
Thor, Carol, Wanda, Pietro, and Rhodey had all gone over to May's place to help her pack and move things to the Tower. Tony had Bruce help him distract Peter in the lab and Sam, Bucky, and Steve had started to make a meal.
"Don't worry about it, I'll talk to Tony," Peter assured him.
"He's traumatized enough," Sam rolled his eyes, his voice having a venomous bite to it. "We don't do that to him."
." Natasha blinked.
Natalia turned to Tony. "How do you that?" She demanded.
Steve sighed. "You're still on the team, Tony. We-I wouldn't do that to you."
Phoenix."
Natasha pinched the bridge of her nose. "She didn't do it. She also didn't
And then -
EDIT: Not quite complete yet but it's my birthday and I'm publishing this shit
"Thor, how do we end this guy?!" Steve yelled. He glanced to his side to see Natasha dropping off the side of the building the four of them were trapped on to gracefully meet up with Tony.
Yinsen died in the process of escaping (he had a family to go back to-Tony Stark had nothing yet he lived).
He stomped over to Stark. "You better have a way to solve the quantum theory I had almost finished!" he accused.
"Believe what you want," The man shrugged. "But that's the truth. The Slavic Shadow never would have been able to give birth without the help of us."
"But Nat -!" Peter tried.
"Who would've thought that the great Iron Man was the pitiful Tony Stark?" Killian mused, toying with them. "Surely none of you?" He looked at the Avengers who were stone-cold glaring at him. Killian chucked. "Thought so."
"Hey!"
(See the end of the chapter for
Bucky looked at him, face blank for a moment. "And your friends?"
Clint was perched above, holding the webbing that helped hold Peter upside down. Bucky and Natalia were still sparring on the mat. Bruce was hunkered down in the lab below them and Thor was visiting Loki. Wanda and Pietro were messing with each other and Sam and Vision. Rhodey was out on military business as he was still bound by law to enter work.
Peter glared at him and he sighed.
MJ smiled and shook Harley's hand.
Steve ended up in his bedroom, finishing a sketch he had started of Tony as a cat by the window sill. He filled in some lines and tried not to mess it up by adding too much. Sketching was really a way for him to get his mind off of things and today was no exception.
As soon as that happened, Steve's wings went back into their normal position. Tony's hovered then wilted down and snapped out existence. Fire came out form the sudden transition and then it was gone.
On some level, he understood why Natasha was so protective and why she didn't want him going out. She didn't know that Peter was Spider-Man either so she didn't know he could protect himself.
Harry came back with some sort of medicine and fed it to Peter who made a face. "That tastes awful."
"Nervous but yeah," Peter nodded, flushing a little. May winked.
"Hey-uh Cap?" A voice crackled over the comm and Bucky and Natalia stopped. Sam, Wanda, and Pietro stopped as well and Peter practically flew of the webbing he was on (Luckily, Clint yanked the webbing piece he had before Peter could slam into the wall and hurt himself. The Avengers were all looking out for Peter as carefully as they could).
"He calls himself that too." Bucky noted. He looked at Steve. "So how did you end up here, Stevie-?"
They did
Peter's hackles raised and he started climbing farther up. "Yeah, listen, next time you wanna talk - call me. Or maybe we figure out a day or something but today -
"Amari is here," Thor repeated. "And she's - oh dear."
Steve Rogers from Brooklyn was offered a chance-only a chance-to fight for his country. Bucky was already over seas but he told Natalia and she was so happy for him. She was still upset that the only way she could get into the war was to be a nurse but once Steve signed up, she signed up as well-refusing to go anywhere except where he was.
"This guy's an idiot," Tony mumbled as he pounded down one of the Ultron Sentries (the backfired project's name and buddies that he created). "Love how he thought he could be as good as me-what do you think Pete! Did the guy succeed?"
Phil started to answer when there was the cool hiss of a door sliding open and Peter turned to see...
When the car stopped, they let May come out but stopped Peter and that's when May spoke up. "Excuse me - he's my nephew! You can't just take him away -"
JARVIS seemed to mull it over. "I have no reason to alert boss about where you might be due to privacy unless you are in suspected danger."
Clint, Thor, Bruce, T'Challa, and Pepper were still out. Clint wanted to stay with his family for another month or two. Thor and Bruce haven't responded to any calls and T'Challa is working out some sort of fumed in Wakanda.
"Nice to meet you too Ms. Black Widow." Harley shook it and looked over at Peter. "Are you okay?"
"A bacon and egg souffle thing," Steve simplified.
"It's quiche," Sam replied, punching Bucky's shoulder lightly who grinned.
Natasha wanted to instinctively say no but the more she considered it the more she realized that that wasn't a bad idea. "I'll talk it over with the team and then I'll talk it over with her. That's not a no, but it's not a yes either - okay?"
Harley looked at him and then sighed. "Yeah well...Harry's turned into a bit of a dick. His dad successfully corrupted him unfortunately." Peter frowned.
"Could we get Ned and MJ a tutor too?" Peter asked quietly.
Peter stuck out his tongue. "You guys are no fun."
Black Widow regarded him for a moment, the first time that there might be a disconnect between them. "I'll send the message to Phil. For now, I want to learn a little more about you,"
"Good morning," FRIDAY spoke with her usual cheerful voice. "This is the security footage of the entrance to Midtown School of Technology and Science." The kids began to file into the building. There was a young man at the back and the camera froze and zoomed in on the young man's face.
"You're allowed to see him."
He was injected with a radio active spider bite that gave him spider powers. He also claimed to Steve that he saw people's wings after he was bitten (Steve got worried when Peter told Tony as Tony showed no indication that he saw wings but Tony just nodded as if he understood).
"Yeah." Tony cleared his throat. "Yeah, I know where we are," he nodded.
! It'll be fun!" He clapped his hands and looked at Steve, almost pleadingly.
Tony froze. "Oh."
Natasha sighed. "And I just hope...if he's alive...that he's safe. And - oh I don't know, happy and alive." She looked over at Pepper, sighing a little. "You know?"
"Don't blame this on them!" Peter shouted, still in shock. "This isn't on them - or Aunt May or Uncle Ben or on Natasha or Tony! This is on
"Clint," He chastised. "We already agreed upon never forcing Winter to come out."
Bucky stepped back and crossed his arms. "So what do you need?"
"Ca-piche?"
Peter ruffled his hair, messing with it in the reflection of an abandoned store. He was more nervous than he thought he would be. Come on, it was Harley! Sure, he looked hotter than he did all those years ago and sure he clearly grew up and yeah it's been awhile and he's nice and kind and -
Clint and Bucky came along with Steve and Natasha. Phil had called and said that if she wanted to see May she would have to come by now.
"I mean," Bucky swallowed. "The gang itself apparently wanted to create Peter. And apparently they planned on creating an army of him."
"I know," Natasha flipped her hair and stood, trialing her fingers on the computer desk.
Instead the Gauntlet seemed to have given him a different power. It shrunk to fit Tony's hand like a glove. Tony and Bucky had both moved to remove it (with Peter over-seeing) but it just stuck to Tony's hand.
"Thank God!" Bucky exclaimed as Steve touched the comm to talk to everyone.
He heard a scream.
Fifteen minutes later and they were at the cafe area. Harry had to leave to go back to the tour guide and Ned launched into a conversation with Peter on Harry after that. Peter could detect a hint of bitterness in Ned's voice and he started to feel a little guilty, realizing he spent the last thirty minutes talking to Harry.
Peter's nerves rose as he waited for a response, jumping when Sam dropped something in the kitchen. Peter let out a huff of air and shook his head, smiling when he heard Bucky start to laugh.
"Not unless I tell Tony," Bucky raised his eyebrows and Clint gave a gasp of mock-hurt.
EDIT: I FINISHED IT BECAUSE FUCK THAT WAS MEAN TO LEAVE IT OFF THERE
"What if Goose goes with him?" Pepper suggested. "Carol said there was something special about that cat."
"He just finally has the tools," Natasha breathed.
"If you want," Bucky shrugged. Bucky was found a few years ago by Steve. He brought Bucky back and at the time the Avengers had been communicating with Wakanda where they allowed Bucky to come and heal after being with HYDRA and being the Winter Soldier. He still had nightmares and moments where he turned to the Winter Soldier again but Winter was much less violent than before.
"We took her in for questioning," Phil replied.
Steve paused and then shrugged. "Yeah."
"Where are you?" Steve demanded.
Natalia stared at the elevator, refusing to eat. Bucky watched her carefully and Steve was looking at her too. Steve and Bucky locked eyes. bucky gestured to Nat and Steve shrugged helplessly. Bucky opened his mouth.
Tony supposed that this was what PTSD is. Not that he didn't already know that - if waking up every morning in cold sweats and screaming himself hoarse and having to install thick soundproof walls - was any type of indication.
He closed the drawing pad and looked out over New York from the Tower. He was out on the balcony and sitting on the edge. He was just thinking about the lab fiasco that had happened moments earlier.
~~~~~
Steve was sitting in the love seat with Tony in his lap. Bruce and Thor were sharing the couch across from them and at some point, Scott, Rhodey, Carol, and Hope had appeared because they were all either sitting on the floor or on the couch, chatting with Peter.
Phil didn't really get a chance to answer because Black Widow had walked forward, fast and then slowed down when Peter instinctively shuffled away. She slowly crouched down, an obvious sign of her trying to make herself smaller for him and Peter could see her green eyes were misting.
"I know," Peter whimpered. "She - she killed Ben and I just - I just lost it -"
~~~~~~
"Good." The man glanced at Steve. "Make sure you do it or the arm will stiffen up and I really don't want to have to remake an arm. The first was bad enough..." he mumbled, walking away.
"Fly?" He frowned. "Like, with...our wings?"
"Tony has contacts. We can get you a private tutor if you want," she assured him. Tony nodded, mumbled something and then jogged away probably to go and tinker.
"What's that?"
"Peter Parker?" the intern - Harry - asked, looking a little put off for a moment.
As a side note, Pietro also had hummingbird wings that allowed him and Peter to bond over something. Wanda's wings were osprey wings and both of the twins' wings were about six feet long. But both of their wings were looking sick-ish. Bruce deduced that they would be fine for now, but they needed to get rid of Ultron fast in order to make sure that they would live through whatever HYDRA did to them.
It took an hour or two but when May and all over stuff and the other Avengers arrived, Tony darted up from the lab to lead her to a guest room. She was thankful for it no matter what even as Tony promised to make her a new room in the future.
“Tell me during dinner, alright?”
I also needed Dum-E, because Dum-E is life! And kind of Peter's brother. Life is strange!
“I would love to,” Steve says with a smile. He takes the glass from Tony, and the two clink it together before taking a swing. When Tony realizes just how much sugar must have been poured into this sweet drink, he squeezes his eyes shut. Steve, too, looks like he’s just sucked on a lemon.
“Steve tried everything he could to be here,” he assures him, squeezing his shoulder for a bit. Tony, finally, moves, reaching out for Sam’s shoulder as well. Mirroring the movement, the two give each other a long, calm look before they turn back to the others. Tony opens his mouth to speak up, but suddenly Clint interrupts him.
“You’re late,” Thor’s attention switched over to Loki.
“Uh, because I got to follow these guys to their boss before they’re moving him, and… I don’t really want my Dad to find out,” Peter admits. Ned gives him a confused stare.
“You shouldn’t have to be saved in the first place, Peter! That bad guy, he didn’t just want to
“They made up?” they ask simultaneously. Peter blinks for a few times, but then smirks and stands up to get some more bread.
“Steve can we please just not bring this up again and again? We know where we stand with this.”
“Yeah, you look like prom king, now let’s go,” he mutters, turning around so fast that it’s clear he’s in a hurry. Peter runs after him after making sure his wallet is still in his pocket. He wonders if Johnny is going to bring along another girl tonight. Then he wonders where Johnny keeps on finding them. Especially since he’s almost slept his way through all of the university.
“I know things have been shit between the two of you,” he starts. He can see Steve opening his mouth to warn him about his language, but he stops him. “Tony, in my universe you told me everything that was bothering you. You told me about your insecurities, about your childhood. You told me about your guilt. Now, I don’t need you to start explaining everything to him, you didn’t in my universe. But you two just need to talk, start somewhere.”
He needs to be away from
“Maybe because I’m from out there,” he hissed while quickly waving towards the sky. “So, you’re from Valhalla?” Lopt threw his hands in the air after that answer.
“Hey Petey, think fast!” suddenly comes from behind him, and Peter feels a shudder going through him. The Spider-sense, warning him for upcoming danger. Crap!
“Holy crap, that’s intense,” she admits. “It sucks that SHIELD keeps these things hidden from us.” Tony just shrugs in response and takes the tablet back from her.
“Cap, honestly, stop hovering like this. I’m taking my pills, I’m following the sessions with Dr. Whatshername-“
Friday explains calmly. Peter shudders a bit at the idea that, even though she sounds extremely human, she’s still a program designed by Mr. Stark.
“I’m pretty sure you know what we’re here to talk to you about, Peter?” the Principal says. Peter nods, shame already filling his entire thought. He just wishes Mr. Stark wouldn’t have looked so… disappointed at him.
“He’s alive, but I think he’s out for this fight.” Her eyes never leave Tony’s, and for a short second Tony is glad that she’s not yet left for New Asgard. “Alright, I’ll tell him.”
Tony nods again. “Yeah, uh, I just figured it was because of all that’s been happening lately, you know?”
Yaël saw something thrown down on the floor. As she climbed out of bed to reach for it, she immediately recognized what it was.
“Because that thing inside you, it’s something we have to be careful with. Only Thor has ever spoken of Infinity Stones, mentioning that there are more of them out there, and each of them is different. They’re all very powerful and with that surely comes people or…creatures that are looking for them, no doubt with a lack of good intentions.”
It’s almost comical how Mr. Stark suddenly appears at the doorway, looking at Peter lying on the ground with his arm still raised to the destruction he accidentally caused with an eyebrow raised up high. He stays quiet for a moment, scratching the back of his head while biting his lip, while Peter just prepares himself to be thrown out of the building any second now.
