“You jest,” Steve immediately says, shock evident even to his own ears.
He moves away to reach for something and continues, “Here, want to see?” He holds a small, glass bottle up and shakes it’s contents. “I have a souvenir. Take a look.”
Her reaction was immediate and as Steve predicted. Her nose scrunches up in distaste. “I’m on the wrong side of thirty, Steve. I think you can drop that nickname now.”
for your iOS Text Message Tutorial! It really helped me a lot and if you guys want to check it out,
She’s all amiable smiles and friendly waves as she steps out, one tanned leg after the other before handing over the keys to a valet. She quickly brushes down the fabric of her black dress, making sure the shimmering skirt settles just right as it flutters around her ankles. Her strappy heels has her head coming up to his chin when she finally straightens up, tucking a matching black clutch between a bicep and her rib while she wraps her other arm around Steve’s.
The guards at the door salutes before pushing the door open as another guard on the other side announced, “His Majesty’s Knights have returned!”
Steve couldn’t keep quiet. “Why, because Toni wants something better for the company?”
"I'm serious."
this.”
"Yeah."
“You’re missing weapons?” Steve frowns at the screen, scrolling through the pages. It’s all gibberish to him, but it gives his hands something to do while Howard tells him exactly
Toni's own hands shook as she gently takes her father's into both of hers, heart squeezing in pain as she feels just how frail he is. How much of her memories of Howard involve his strong, reliable hand? He never raised it against her, instead using his palm to soothe her whenever sobs wracked her body, his fingers to correct her hold on tools, and his grip to guide her to magical places. It has been a hand that she can always take a hold of and know that her father will be there for her no matter what.
Later on, he lays in bed, Morgan cuddled up to his side and sleeping peacefully, and slides through the  photos that’s been taken that afternoon.
“And now, now they demand, excuse me,
Steve checks the time, drains his coffee in one go and sends Howard a form nod as he stands up. “I’m ready.”
And now, Toni has done the impossible.
Steve exhales sharply at the images his brain conjures and feels sympathy for Howard when he hears the man’s sob. Steve may have questioned Howard’s morals, accused him of being a warmongering bastard, but if there was one thing he knew for sure about the other man was this: Toni was his lifeline. He loves her fiercely, and was almost unbearably protective of his only daughter. Of course this would be the straw that’ll break Howard Stark’s back.
“Lend me your ear, Steven.”
"Careful!" He warned as Toni slid down from the bench, rucking the skirt of her flowery dress in the process. Howard winced at the sound of tearing cloth. Ana will not be happy. But his little girl didn't seem to notice as she dashed towards him, arms akimbo. He stopped in his steps to bend down and scoop her up into his arms with a small grunt. He wasn't getting younger and Toni was getting bigger by the day. "Have you been down here all morning?"
Thrown by the question but not complaining, Peter shrugged. "Sure."
“Is that even safe?” Steve gives her an unsure look, taking the towel DUM-E hands him, which he had fetched after abandoning his fire extinguisher.
Steve raised a hand to wave as he keeps an eye on the duo as they make their way through the crowd and towards the doors.
She settles more firmly in her stance.
Peggy slips her arm with Steve’s and explains as they walk, Edwin falling into step on his other side, “Not as much as I want to. We’re still cleaning up Hydra’s mess from last year, so our resources are still limited. Connections we once had in those areas are gone, and a lot of our agents are still hidden.”
Tony grins up at him, and the affection in the gesture was not lost on Steve.
Steve had seen the Prince once, a long time ago. It was from afar too, during the Prince’s thirteenth birthday. It was his debut into society, and no one has seen him before that, or since, really. There were rumors that he was ill, but those were promptly forgotten when three years later, the Great Civil War began. As if he were waiting for a catalyst, the Prince’s name popped up again, but this time it was attached to stories of his debauchery and Steve lost any interest in ever meeting the man.
(“Don’t put it back in-”
“It won’t,” Steve says even as he takes Toni’s empty hand.
Pants that were too baggy on her legs was pinched up around her waist, a dirty tank top clings to her top like a second skin, and a jacket was wrapped around her head and hung down to her chest in a makeshift covering as her hair whipped around in the wind.
Rhodey huffs in amusement and sweeps an arm in her direction. "Look who fell out of the sky, Miss Toni Stark."
He hands over her tray of food, making sure she’s all settled before turning to his own to dig in. There’s silence as they eat and Steve is half-way through his eggs when he realized this. It’s silent. It was silent when he walked in, too. His gaze snaps over to the boot that DUM-E was prodding at then swallows the bite in his mouth. “What are you working on?”
Especially these days, what with taking care of the Hydra/SHIELD mess. How she had allowed it to fester and grow without ever realizing it will be a burden she will always carry. But she’ll be damned if she didn’t take care of it before the good Lord takes her home.
“Just looking at him makes me want to melt,” Hawk says as Steve checks off the crate Hawk and Bucky were carrying.
“Turns out you’re my new mission,” he says, taking in the open floor plan of her Malibu home. He nods. “Nice place.”
“Little?” Tony sputters.
“Thank God,” Bucky can’t help but say, scooping up his mask from where he had dropped it on the bench.
“Oh my god,” Potts says to himself, looking a bit green around the gills.
Toni hates being in a wheelchair, but her Honey Bear gave her one of his patented mother hen looks (one that rivals Steve’s) and she had no option but to sit her butt down. Rhodey wheels her towards the lowering ramps of the C-17 with Steve at his side.
"Don't do that." Rhodey turns back to his men, chuckling as well despite himself. "Give us a couple minutes, you guys."
Steve decided now is the best time for that nap, so he walks over to join the genius and her bots. Toni spots him a few steps into his journey. “Oh, hey, Steve! You were here?”
She can still feel the water in her lungs, but she could also think clearly.
,” Tony interrupts loudly, glaring at Rhodes before turning back to them, “to be on this caravan because I want to see the new nations when they’re not going to war with us.”
“Yes. Your orgasm earlier helped me calibrate it. Your implant monitors a variety of things in your body that allow me to personally tease, edge, or ruin for you. I can also control automatic settings that remain until I change them. Even if you managed to leave me, you wouldn’t be able to take off your cage or have an orgasm without my permission. And trust me, I could make it so much worse for you, baby.”
Calloused hands gripped his hips, holding him in position to take the punishing thrusts from his alpha. Tony kept him angled so every thrust pounded against his prostate and rubbed over the omega glands deeper inside of him. As the pleasure built, Steve felt his cock twitch and slowly fill. In shock, he reached out to take himself in hand, to stroke and finally find release.
"Come on. I'm going to take care of you. J? Start the tub."
“Anytime.”
"Yes Tony." Steve tugged off his clothes eagerly, laying them over the chair, and taking a seat on the bed. Tony disappeared into the closet, coming back with the gleaming silver cage and the key already on the chain around his neck.
"No, I... Umm..." He sighed. It was so much easier to talk as Captain America than Steve Rogers. "I found the art supplies in my spare room?"
Tony pulled Steve close, tucking the blankets around them. Each time he was shifted it drew a soft breathy moan from Steve’s throat. He’d been right. That was exactly what Steve needed. And he intended to keep giving him anything and everything he needed. Anatomically and emotionally. Tony refused to lose. To be abandoned, helpless and alone, ever again. He slowly drifted to sleep, arms locked tight around Steve’s body, with several ideas on how to replicate and use an alpha’s knot running through his thoughts.
“Oh Steve. I want you happy. And healthy. I know you don’t understand it now, but one day you will.”
A hard tremor ripped through Steve’s body. He lifted his hands above his head, crossed at the wrists near the headboard, leaving his chest open and exposed. “Yes. Please. That’s exactly what I want.”
I’m tagging this as mildly dubious consent, because of the medical necessity of Steve being assigned a guardian, and the forcefulness of Tony enacting his will on Steve. However, if it’s not clear enough in context, Steve really wants Tony and is consenting after a fashion.
“What is? The plug? No baby, that’s not a punishment. I… I went into rut. It triggers a lot of instincts, just like your heat. I wanted you claimed, inside and out.”
Even as he lay there each night, his sweet omega spent and sleeping peacefully in his arms, he was dreaming of what he would do to him next. The erotic tortures he could visit on this ever so willing man. Anything he wanted, Steve would let him have. Would belong to him completely and still offer more. Was already so deeply in Tony’s thrall that he would never betray him. Never leave him. Never abandon him.
Less than ten minutes later his hands were sliding over Steve’s chest, squeezing his pecs and teasing his nipples into hard points. Steve groaned, head falling back against his shoulder. “Tony…”
Steve nodded. "So, your friend, who helped us with that mage...?"
Steve pushed back harder into Tony’s embrace, moaning as his hands came up to palm his pecs, teasing at the nipples with harsh pinches until Steve released in his arms with a cry. The scent of his slick always drove Tony wild, and today was no exception. Tony bent him over farther, pressing him into the bench as he pounded deep inside of him, Steve’s next release triggering Tony’s knot.
"I didn't want to assume..."
He rolled over onto his back, leaned up to capture the other man's lips with his own. Tony relaxed down until he was stretched out on top of him, leisurely kissing him until his lips were swollen. Steve drew in a breath when they finally parted.
Steve moaned, head falling back against his shoulder. “Yes, Tony. Alpha. So good. Thank you.”
The music in his ears grew louder. He could hear the faint murmur of voices beneath the sound, but couldn’t make out any of the words. He was floating in a dark void, deprived of most of his senses. The pulse of the vibrations shifted, the dildo beginning to thrust in and out of his spasming passage. He screamed, choking slightly on the silicone filling his throat. He needed desperately to come, would beg for it if he could. Anything for a respite from the constantly growing desire inside of him.
Steve shook his head back and forth frantically, but it was too late. Tony’s fingers were still moving inside of him, and it took next to no time at all before he was nearing orgasm again. He knew what to expect this time, thought it would make it better, but instead it seemed worse. The zap of electricity through his cock, followed by the painful and unsatisfying pulses as his balls emptied without pleasure.
“Sounds like the sooner you can get started the better?”
He nodded miserably, knowing where they were going. Tony loved playing games that Steve could never win, knowing that the soldier would be competitive enough to try anyway. "Always, Tony..."
"Okay Tony..."
A text earlier had warned him not to expect the genius before seven o'clock. It was currently noon. Seven hours of frustration, with no real end in sight. Sure, Tony had let him out of the cage after three days last time, but there was no guarantee of that this time. Tony Stark never did what anyone expected of him. He could take out the plug, even try to replace it later, but Steve was too honest for that, and after his last two punishments, he wasn't overly eager to bring about another one.
He returned to his meal. "Well, Bruce is a good friend, and he obviously cares about you. So, I'd like to get to know the person he's dating."
“Of course it is. Why would you think that?”
“This isn’t a punishment, and I’m not abandoning you. I promise you’ll be taken care of for the rest of your life. But you’ve made no secret of the fact that you don’t want me. I’d hoped you’d change your mind, but…” He sighed, shoulders sagging under an invisible weight. “It’s been brought to my attention again recently that I’m the last person in the world that should be entrusted with something as precious as a sweet omega like you.”
A dark chuckle. "I do enjoy hearing you beg. Maybe if you beg pretty enough I'll let you come." The strokes over Steve's cock became faster, occasionally twisting over the sensitive head. Tony's other hand slid into his hair and gripped tightly.
"T-Tony... Wha-?"
Steve's only answer was a whine as he continued to struggle against the restraints, trying to free himself, make it stop. The burning came in waves, peaking and then lessening. It wasn't until Tony stroked him again that he realized why. Every time he clenched around the ginger, it increased, made it so much worse. When he relaxed, it got slightly better. "Oh, shit..."
Tony paused for a moment, gazing into Steve’s glassy eyes. The moment he could, he’d be struggling again, which meant preparing him before the medication wore off. He didn’t want to keep him drugged all the time. It wasn’t good for him. He quickly retrieved supplies from the room he’d set up for corrective purposes and training exercises, knowing he’d need it to be close. A slim nanotech collar was fastened around Steve’s neck, leaving the fresh bite mark fully exposed. Tony flipped the pliant man onto his stomach, propping his hips on a pillow, ass high in the air. He removed the generic plug from the center, eliciting a soft whimper. The stretched and reddened hole pulsed under his gaze, needy and empty. A good sign. Some of the necessary instincts were in place.
If their conversation earlier had taught him anything it was that Steve had been made to feel ashamed for any wants or needs that he had. Had been forced to ignore them and soldier on. How much of a toll would that take on a person over time? No wonder he was such a wreck. But Tony had the power to fix it. To make things better.
Steve’s hips jerked into the air, desperately seeking further contact, anything to push him over that edge. He groaned despairingly when none came. Tony stood, stretching his back. “I’m going to get another cup of coffee. You want one, sweetheart?”
“If you’re good, later when it’s worn off, I’ll let you come. Alright?”
"Nothing would make me happier, sweetheart."
"You're welcome."
“Like Stark Industries?” Even with all the time Steve had spent on the streets, he had still heard of the company. Everyone had. They had interests ranging from clean energy to medical technology, with a specialty branch dealing with omega training and rehabilitation equipment.
He felt himself floating in a peaceful darkness. Soft orders to stand, the feeling of his clothes being peeled from his body, barely registered. Somehow he was on his back somewhere soft, eyes still closed. There was a sound he dimly recognized, and then Tony’s hand was on his cock, slow strokes up and down over the length. A moan slipped from his lips and he arched up into the touch.
“I know. It’s hard. But you’re being such a good boy for me. Fuck, Steve. I need you so much.”
"Yes, Tony."
"So now I have to think of a way to punish you. Obviously putting a vibrator on your sweet little cock didn't drive the lesson home, now did it? You still tried to take what's mine. Twice now. You just don't learn, Steve. I guess I'll just have to get more creative. Say thank you."
Tony ran his fingers through his hair, trailed gentle kisses over his temple. "I love you like this. So sweet for me. You're my good boy, aren't you?"
Steve’s legs were lifted into stirrups and secured at both the knees and ankles before they were spread wide, leaving him open and exposed. Tony slowly ran his hands in a slow caress down Steve’s legs, ending with them resting on his thighs. “You ready to get started, pet?”
Tears sprang to his eyes, and this time Steve couldn’t fight back the sobs that wracked his frame. Everyone else’s disapproval had been easy to bear, but from this man it had always been too much. Something deep inside of him had yearned for Stark’s touch, for his kindness, from the moment they had met. Constant rebuffs were hard, but the animosity of their last meeting had been devastating.
"Yeah. Why don't you take care of me for a little bit. Would you like that?" Steve nodded, still refusing to let go. "Okay. Go fill up the bathtub, pick one of the oils or salts from the cabinet, something you like, and add it to the water."
“I do, Captain.”
Do you know what bored at work and frustration at home mean? Another chapter of porn! Now complete with blink and you’ll miss it plot. Yes, there actually is plot, did you know that? Extra brownie points to anyone who sees what’s coming.
Before he could react, Tony had buried his face between his spread cheeks, devouring his hole the way he had his mouth earlier. One hand gripped his hip bruisingly tight, the other stayed between his thighs stroking delicately over the metal of the cage, caressing it. Steve cried out, his passage clenching around the burning heat of his tongue, slick pouring out into Tony’s mouth and over his thighs. It was overwhelming and he was just the right amount of painfully sensitive to have him releasing beneath him with a loud cry. But it wasn’t enough. He still felt empty and wanting. “Tony! Tony, please!”
"Are the two different?"
"No! Oh God, no..."
"Tony..." His name came out a breathy whine.
The cramps had eased when Tony began working Steve’s body, but he felt uncomfortably empty, needed to be filled. He breathed a sigh of relief when Tony’s mouth released his entrance, only to cry out at the quick thrust of fingers into his aching passage. Steve’s body squeezed around them, urging them deeper. Tony paused to rub firm circles into his omega gland, the pressure relentless until he released again with a low whine. Steve rocked his hips up as Tony slid deeper, hands gripping the sheets hard enough to tear. As much as he wanted the alpha inside of him, he wanted to be good for the other man more.
No more than a single lap of the track had passed before he was crashing to the ground, body jerking helplessly, overwhelmed by his release. He felt Tony move up behind him, rest a gentle hand around the front of his throat as he struggled to regain his breath. In his other hand was a small remote with several buttons and a fingerprint shaped indent. Tony scanned his thumb print and began pressing the small buttons in a sequence.
“That doesn’t mean you always will be. I think you should talk to Fury. Tell him you need to cut back.”
The wait was longer this time, a hiss of sound like a match being struck. Drops of heat fell onto a nipple, burning for a moment before cooling, trailed over his chest to the other side. It had to be wax. Dripping over his other nipple, pooling and trailing down over his side. His back arched, trying to get closer, a hiss leaving his lips. "Tony..."
"I know, baby. But I told you, you get to come as many times as you like today. You just assumed that was a good thing."
Steve spent a few days after their night at the club turning the experience over in his mind. This led him to a single conclusion, and he decided to act on it. After bringing lunch down to Tony and Bruce in the lab so the two scientists might remember to eat, he took the elevator to Bruce's floor of the tower. The elevator stopped, but the doors didn't immediately open.
Tony slid out from behind him, helped him into the position he wanted him in. He felt the solid weight of Tony resting on the backs of his thighs as he ground his hips into the bed seeking friction.
“I know. You’re just so backed up, sweetheart. Have to get you soft here. Releasing nice and easy for me.”
"Good boy." Without any further hesitation, he began raining steady, firm spanks over his ass and thighs.
"Not your fault." Were his teeth chattering?
“Thank you. What a good boy I have here.” He chuckled when he felt the harsh shudder that ran through Steve’s body at the words. “I want to take care of you the right way. So, what does an alpha do when they find an omega they want.”
Steve’s eyes widened. “H-how long?”
Trying to steel himself for what he might find, he lowered his hand to his soft cock, lingering for a moment before sliding his fingers back to his balls. All he encountered was a stretch of smooth skin leading to his plugged up hole. Horror and fear pulsed through him as what had been done to him sunk in. Steve knew it was a common practice, his mother had told him and Bucky about it when they were small. Mutilation as medical practice. Castration of omegas to make them more complacent. But he’d never thought that it could happen to him.
"I promise."
“So, now that you know it was me pulling the strings, do you still want to play like that? Or do you want to forget about the kinky stuff for a while and just be disgustingly cute boyfriends who gaze at each other with heart eyes and hold hands.”
"You want it, baby?"
“Don’t worry, baby, I’m planning on leaving your pretty neck alone. This is to help me get your cage fitted properly.” Steve screamed as Tony lifted his cocklet, injecting the medication into the base. The cool liquid worked instantly, wilting his erection and shrinking the tissue. Feeling slightly vindictive due to the pain in his hand, Tony used a numbing lube to slick Steve’s cock before feeding it into the cage. He struggled wildly, but the restraints held firm.
“Wait… Wait for what, Tony?”
Steve had just begun to proudly show his rounding belly, when they attended a formal event. Tony had hovered over him, insisting he let him know the moment he grew tired or needed to leave. It was a considerable relief when Tony’s friend Rhodey had shown up and dragged the other man away. Even better when Steve recognized a face in the crowd.
Steve tried to look away, but couldn’t tear his eyes from his expanding stomach. By the time the medication finished filling him and Tony removed the tubing, he looked nearly six months pregnant. He was startled from his thoughts by the removal of the speculum and the release of his collar from the floor. He sat up slowly, feeling the heavy shift of liquid inside him. The was sensation strange in such an unfamiliar place. The cervical plug was still lodged inside of him, the pressure inside his womb increased the cramping and aching it caused. He turned pleading eyes up to his alpha, not understanding why it was still in place.
He was content to stay there, hazy and floating, with Tony's arms wrapped securely around him. Eventually he felt Tony shift, lifting him easily in his arms and carrying him back out to the car. He dozed off on the car ride home, waking briefly as he was deposited on their bed. His clothes were removed, and his skin wiped clean with a soft damp cloth. The blankets were settled over him, and Tony slid in beside him, urging him to turn on his side so he could press against Steve's back.
"So, standard order, or can I interest you in some king pao tonight?"
“Fuck.” Steve writhed against the bed, feeling the plug working inside of him, riling him up further. His body was screaming for relief, for a break. But the idea of not allowing his Sir to come, of denying his Dominant… It was worse. “You. Always going to be you, Sir. But I’m pretty sure you knew that.”
"Steve?"
Once he was paying attention, Steve realized he felt flushed all over. And unbearably aroused, as though his alpha hadn’t taken him apart thoroughly both that morning and before they’d gone to sleep. His hole was spasming uncontrollably around the plug holding in his alpha’s come, and slick was slowly trickling from around it and dripping down the backs of his thighs. A sudden bolt of pain radiating through his abdomen had him doubled over in agony, stealing his breath, as a series of cramps rolled through him.
Steve managed to slur out an “I love you” as sleep dragged him down.
They had nearly reached the doors when a lovely blonde stepped forward and touched Tony's arm. "Tony?"
“I love Bucky. I do. He’s my best friend, and I’m so glad to have him back it hurts. But I need you. I miss you. And if you don’t want me-“
"Dressed?"
Tony gave an exaggerated sniff, turning to face James. “We’re going to start with you giving us a show. How you do will decide Steve’s fate. Understand?”
"All I want is you."
And then there was the art studio. There was nothing else to call it. A corner room of the tower with two full walls of windows. Overnight it seemed to go from completely empty, to stocked with easels, canvases, paints, pads, pencils, brushes... Tony had to have emptied out the contents of an entire art supply store to have done this. This... This was different. This was special. Or at least it made Steve feel that way.
A combination of dread and longing formed a lump in Steve’s stomach. He’d never seen Bucky look vulnerable. Soft. Had only seen him strong and proud. Determined to fight for the cause. But he hadn’t been happy like this. Content. A part of Steve wanted to run away, as far and as fast as he could. Pretend he had never seen this. A small part of him was jealous. Wanted someone to look at him that way, hold him close and offer comfort.
Steve straightened from his bent position causing the toy inside him to shift deeper, and his knees almost gave out. He grit his teeth, remaining on his feet by willpower alone. His cock throbbed insistently against the metal of the cage, forcefully reminding him of its presence.
“Well, Rhodey ditched me again to go out with his new girl, as if I didn’t know him and Pepper had been seeing each other for months. I am insulted that they think I wouldn’t figure it out! Insulted! And that they’d think I wouldn’t be happy for them! I mean, really!”
A deep breath. Was he really desperate enough that he was willing to do this with a complete stranger? Closing his eyes, Steve pictured Tony, the way he had been looking at him this morning. The caring and affection. How quickly he could lose all of that if the other man figured out how he felt. Yes, he was absolutely going to do this.
“Yes Sir…”
"This was painted by one of your contemporaries. This is The Wounded Table by Frida Kahlo. It went missing in the former Soviet Union in 1955. Pepper and I played hell to track it down."
“Excuse me?”
She leaned back on the couch with a smile, taking a drink from the bottle and passing it to Steve. "That sounds like a good thing."
With a gasp, he writhed in his restraints, pulling at his wrists and ankles, trying to close his legs, shake off the clamps, anything to lessen the sense of pressure. As usual, he remained exactly where Tony had put him. “Alpha…”
Sucking on the skin made Steve press back harder against him, soft cries falling from parted lips. So damn beautiful that Tony could barely stand it. Without letting himself think about it, Tony sank his teeth into the side of Steve’s neck, pressing deeper until he tasted blood, and a hint of something sweet. Vanilla and honey. He dug in harder, arms wrapped too tight around Steve to allow escape, heard the cries turn into satisfaction. Tony could feel Steve shuddering against him. This time the soft sobs were of pleasure.
“Well, he seems nice enough, but I wanted to get the hell out of there before things got frisky. Listening to my ex have sex with his new boyfriend is just a level of weird I am not prepared for right now.”
“Not a good start sweetheart. What did I tell you?”
"Alright Tony." He snuggled down into his side, arms wrapping tightly around his waist, grounding himself.
Steve groaned as Tony laughed. “What’s the matter, omega? Worried about something?”
Steve sighed, tucked up his knees and curled in closer to Tony. “Not as much as it used to. But failing Bucky…”
"I've liked what we've been doing Tony. I liked some of what I was seeing online too. It got me... distracted."
Steve closed his eyes, felt the tight pressure of the metal on his cock and nodded. The last thing he needed was for Tony to decide to make it worse right now. Steve bowed his head, trying to look small and submissive. He couldn’t talk, couldn’t move, and had no idea what was coming next. He lost himself for a moment, overwhelmed by misery. He’d been bad for his alpha. And even worse, he felt bad about it. Was starting to want to be good for the other man. A sharp slap to his caged cock made him jerk his head back up with a cry, thighs straining to close. To protect himself.
Steve felt the bed dip under Tony's weight as he sat down beside him. He took his time, running slow fingers over Steve's body, teasing brushes, learning where he was most sensitive. He felt the other man move, straddle his lap, and lean down to start blowing soft puffs of breath over his nipples. Steve had never realized they were quite so sensitive until Tony began to toy with them. At first, it was light breaths and fingertips, then it became hard suction and pinching. He moaned, arching into the sensations. Tony's touches became rough, almost careless, but that only served to make Steve harder, writhing under his touch.
who asked me for a follow up with Brucie bear. Enjoy!
“Good boy. Come with me.” Tony led him to a soft mat in the corner, urging him to his knees straddling something that resembled a small barrel. He gently spread Steve’s legs farther, fastening restraints around his ankles and just below his knees. His arms were folded behind his back and restrained before being secured to a post just behind him.
"We're going to play a game. One you might even be able to win. How does that sound?"
Steve arched up into the rough touches, silently begging for more. “Then do it. Wreck me, Tony.”
“Y’ say that like we ever did fair. I spent my fair share of sleepless nights waitin’ to see if you’d come home or if you died in an alley somewhere. You can stay horny for a couple.”
"Such a good boy for me. My perfect, perfect sweetheart. Such a good job. So good..."
Tony shook his head slowly. “I’m sorry, baby, but you heard the deal. You knew what was going to happen. So either you safeword, or you let me. Let us.” He softly cupped Steve’s cheek. “Do you need to use your safeword, sweetheart?” Steve shook his head, a tear slowly sliding free. “Good boy.” He pressed a gentle kiss to Steve’s trembling lips before turning back to James.
"Okay. I'll be right back. If you need me, just call. Alright?"
Steve gasped, trying to grind his ass down against the sheets hoping for some friction against his rim. “What did you do to me?”
"Alright Tony."
Steve groaned, climbing off the bed and following him into the kitchen. Today they ate at the counter, forcing him to perch on the wooden seat of the stool while trying not to squirm from the pressure. Tony didn't help matters any by constantly teasing and stroking over his skin. By the time they were finished eating, Steve's arousal had barely subsided.
He smiled. "Good choice. But I do like seeing you on your knees. How about you be sweet to me for a little longer and crawl there. Think you can do that baby?"
Steve was finally roused from a gentle doze by the sensation of lips trailing softly down his spine. He gave a languid stretch before turning over to face Tony. A low grade arousal was still simmering beneath his skin, but mostly he felt light. Easy in his own body for once.
“I’m sorry…”
“Yeah. Is that okay, Steve? Because if it’s not we can-“
Tony sat in one of the chairs and patted his knee. “C’mere honey.” Hesitantly Steve walked over, allowed Tony to pull him down into his lap. He couldn’t meet the soft brown eyes staring at him. “You still mad, sweetheart?”
“Just a second, baby. Gotta get you all set up.” Tony flipped a switch on the front of the machine and it began making a low hissing sound. He picked up one of the tubes, pressing it against Steve’s swollen nipple. The plastic was just wide enough to completely surround it. As soon as it was flush against Steve’s skin, he could feel the pull, drawing his nipple up into the plastic, stretching the flesh to it’s limit. Some of the pressure released before the process repeated, similar to a mouth insistently sucking at him without pause. Pleasure and pain wrapped up so tightly together there was no longer a difference. The second one was placed over the other nipple, making him ache and clench uncontrollably around the cock buried in his passage.
“Here, let’s get these off my good boy. I want to hold you while we have breakfast.” Tony unfastened the restraints from around Steve’s wrists, took a moment to rub the skin soothingly before pressing a soft kiss to each and releasing him. He slid into the bed, tucking Steve into his side and settled the tray over their laps.
“I’m not going anywhere, honey. You don’t want me to leave, so I’m going to stay. That’s what you want, isn’t it?”
Steve glanced at the thick leather seat. Sitting on that would drive the plug deeper into him. He shook his head. "No thanks. I think I'll stand."
Steve straightened up, and then gasped, grabbing the footboard for support. The plug inside of him was heavy, dragging against his rim and threatening to slide out altogether. He squeezed around it, turning wide helpless eyes to the brunette.
“Back then, he was my everything. My family, my home, my love, my…” Steve felt his cheeks start to burn.
Tony ignored the babbled words, following whatever his plan had been in the first place. It felt like hours, days had passed, as he tortured Steve’s body with unending pleasure he couldn’t reach, and pain that pulled him back down to Earth. When the vibrations and soreness were enough to make Steve want to scream, Tony moved to kneel in front of him, gripping his pecs tight, digging his fingers into the glands below each nipple, not trying to work a release from him, but forcing it instead.
Tony arched a brow. "I asked if you wanted bacon or sausage. I guess you weren't listening. That's ten."
Tony wasn’t the only one wanting here. This Steve, he wanted Tony too. It was the only explanation for the sheer devastation he displayed at being rejected and the immediate deference he offered as soon as they met. If he were a good person, Tony would leave it be. Let him adapt to the new world and make his own decisions. But he didn’t want to. And he was pretty sure that Steve didn’t want that either.
Peter shoots a web at another building and swings himself up unto its roof with a punch to the nearest AIM scientist there. His arrival stunned the others enough for Peter to quickly round them up and take a look at the computers they had set up inside what appeard to be a magic circle.
“No need to tuck me in, Rogers, I’m a grown ass a–” She yawns. “Adult.”
“Put that on the table over there,” Toni gestures to a metal tray full of tools and gears, “that is irrelevant.”
“I want to say that SHIELD’s going to want a full report on what happened,” he replies.
There was a picture, as if Toni needed to see to know what they meant. Still, she looked and her translator says, “This one.”
Peggy nods. “I have, and whatever the media or your own head is telling you, it wasn’t your fault, Toni.”
"Knowing the punk, he'll end up worried about me and not give his all to guarding Stark."
“Okay,” he tells Howard as he pushes himself back to his feet. “Where am I heading?”
And that was the last thing Steve says to her as the medical crew bundled Toni up and whisked her into Rhodey’s helo. Steve waves them off from the ground before turning to his crew. Their newfound enthusiasm that stemmed from finding Toni was palpable and Steve intends to use it. “Alright,” he claps to draw their attention. “Let’s go check out that explosion sight. That’s no doubt where Stark was held hostage, so I want to see the place for myself.”
“–No, absolutely not. This one stays with me! That’s it, Obie. Forget it.”
is right because they didn't see what I saw out there and I won't have any more blood on my hands. This will not be the Stark legacy."
“I didn’t know you finally caught Bucky,” she says quietly.
Toni’s shoulders quake as tears spill over and down her cheek. Steve’s not sure she even realizes she’s crying. Rhodey is by her side in an instant, though he doesn’t touch her right away. Instead, he murmurs Toni’s name and terms of endearment, kneeling in front of her before slowly taking one of her hands into his. Steve feels like he’s back to being ninety-seven pounds and watching helplessly as his Ma wilts before his eyes, as Bucky leaves for the Army, as he tries just one more time to enlist– he finally moves, projecting his movements and keeps his footsteps light.
“Good, now don’t let it touch the si-
In his haste to get to Toni ASAP, he had forgone shopping for clothes for his extended stay so with that added as a P.S. to his note for Toni, Steve rides off to the nearest Goodwill. Which turns out is pretty far away but Steve would rather spend more money on gas than he would on clothes. Just one of the things he never got over in the twenty-first century.
“I’ll munch on those.”
He feels like he’s just aged ten years.
“Okay, I got it- I got it.”
Steve tells himself to breathe. Pause. Reassess the situation. Remove his personal ties from the situation. His next exhale is steady and short. The nerves in his fingertips stopped tingling. The strength came back to his legs.
“Steve,” Toni smiles, “I’ve been called many things. Nostalgic is not one of them.”
So it didn’t really stick with her younger self how much courage it took for Steve to dive in after her thirty minutes later when she got a foot cramp so intense it had her flailing around in panic as lake water went up her nose, filled her lungs, made her choke (caused her to think clearly of circuits, lines of codes, wheels, a claw, maybe a couple of claws that could tug her out of dangerous situations–) before she was lifted above the water and she can breathe again.
Toni smiles, eyes shining mischievously. “I knew you could handle it. How’d it go?”
On the other side of the balcony-turned-barbecue area, Pops was watching Dad with puppy dog eyes as his husband brings yet another stack of Captain America comics
“Carrie.”
Reporters from every media branch crowded around the podium, watching every one of Toni’s movements, hands ready to take notes, recorders rolling and camera’s zooming close. Toni ignores it all and lowers herself to the steps leading up to the podium while Obie started the press meeting. He trails off when he realizes Toni wasn’t standing next to him.
“Those are my guns,” she tells the man next to her, barely keeping the bile from coming up her throat, “how did they get my guns?”
Phil continues to smile.
It’s an, admittedly, handsome face. Now that his judgment isn’t clouded with irritation and confusion, Steve can appreciate the man’s features. He’s about Clint’s height but slimmer in build, clean-shaven, and under his tunic, he wears a tight black undershirt that wraps around his neck. Perhaps to fight off the remaining chill of spring? They did have a rather harsh winter.
That prompted Potts into action and Steve was hot on his heels. Toni didn’t sound like she was dying, but if Steve learned anything from being around Toni as she grew up, that was hardly a tell.
Peter was tired.
“Sleep tight, Toni.”
Steve hums. “Looks mighty interesting.”
Pepper shrugs. "Not the worst thing we've been through, Toni. But we are worried, though."
“Well, I’m not my company.” She needs answers.
Natasha takes up the empty spot next to him, careful to keep some distance between them but settling a hand on his shoulder. It takes Bucky back to another time in their lives when they were still just two souls trying to survive and finding some form of comfort in the other. But that's not them anymore, definitely not him, and Bucky has to clench his hands to stop himself from reaching up to tangle his hand with hers instead.
"Alrighty!" Howard stood up, slipping the watch into his pocket before hauling Toni into his arms with a drawn out groan and made his way to the stairs. "How about we go and tell Jarvis and Ana that you're all right and put them out of their panic, yeah?"
He could never deny Toni anything.
It took Dad a month to replace his right arm, retrofitting his nanobots to act as a prosthetic, and while Doctor Cho did her best for Dad’s face, there were still obvious signs of the scars the infinity stones left on his face.
Pepper blinks, clearly thrown but quickly recovers. "Once or twice when you got absolutely shit-faced."
Steve has a lot to be thankful for, but he will forever be indebted to His Majesty, for had he not thrown the full support of the crown behind Peggy’s decision, he might have not met her on the battlefield. Sure, maybe he would’ve met her eventually, but he just knows it would not be the same. Their meeting had been fate.
The kid shuffles in his boots then says, “Captain, Colonel Rhodes told us no one is allowed in.”
“Ah.” Steve recalls the surprised look she throws his way when Peggy has casually mentioned calling in to check on their friend. “Yeah. Sorry, it slipped my mind. We got the news that you were taken right after we found him.”
Steve gives her another look.
She looks back up to Steve and find the man watching her with a raised brow.
Steve briefly slants a questioning look her way. "Okay. Where?"
“And Fury is just alright with sending his man out to a function like this?” Toni waves her glass around to indicate the room at large and side-eyes the man as she takes another sip.
"Okie dokie!"
“Neither I from you,” Steve tells her easily. He couldn’t even think about hiding anything from Peggy. “So, what else is there that has your shoulders still so tense?”
“I mean, are we even allowed to leave the castle?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Er– Right.” Steve clears his throat. “Thor wanted to come, but apparently Loki had a new spell he wanted to try out so Thor stayed behind in the event something goes wrong.”
Steve narrows his gaze on the pair. He’s not a businessman like the Starks or Stane, but Steve can understand this kind of talk.
She hums before flicking her glasses back down, just as the valet drives their ride up to them. “I’m glad.”
The brow only raised higher. “You kiss Peggy with that mouth?”
Steve shakes his head, unable to stop himself from smiling, and relaxes back in his seat. The car may be a little cramped for him, but the seats were comfortable. "Whatever you say, Toni."
“Science and the marvels of engineering.”
“No but seriously, why are you here?” Toni asks after taking a proper sip of her drink. Steve keeps an ear in the conversation as he looks around to see if he could flag down one of the servers carrying around little finger sandwiches.
In the silence that followed, Howard kept his eyes on Toni's work as she finished up with the watch, arm perched behind her to act as a backrest and to keep her close. They've known for two years now that Toni was smart, a genius even, though it's not official yet, but Howard doesn't think it needs to be official. He knows Toni is smarter than him, and that's all the confirmation he needs.
“Toni.” Obi looks resigned. Not remorseful. Not guilty.
This must’ve been the wrong thing to say because Toni’s face hardens, frustration bleeding through her words as she says, “I’m being responsible! That’s the new direction. For me– For the company.”
“Wow, I almost believed that.”
Maybe she should've called Steve down from the gym.
But then, in that moment, straddling his bike as he looked up to where Toni watched him with tears in her eyes, the autumn sky dark above them, Steve knew this was one thing he needed to deny her.
This time though, there’s no Steve to save her. This time, she’ll have to use her head and save herself.
Steve loses track of time as he sat on his bike, eying the horizon and letting his mind wander as the sun went on its merry way, painting the sky in orange and yellows as it went down and made way for the stars and moon to fill the its spot. Then Steve’s ears picked up on a rumbling sound, not quite an engine and unlike anything he’s ever heard before coming up the driveway that went down into Toni’s workshop. In a blink of an eye, something fast and silver shoots out and up into the sky, making Steve hop off his bike and stare after it with a gaping mouth.
“If you must know, then,” Tony pauses to take a drink, “I had to beg to be on this caravan.”
"You're in trouble, little girl," he called out and had to stop himself from laughing when said little girl jumped in shock.
“So, what do you need my great expertise with?” Toni looks down at the screen as Steve turns it towards her, displaying a rough draft of his uniform. Expect the tones are darker, more muted and something Steve’s been mulling over for a while now. “You need fashion advice?”
Steve hums and doesn’t stop himself from giving in to the urge to pull her into his arms. Toni makes a surprised sound but she doesn’t protest. Instead, she’s wrapping her arms around Steve’s waist and allows him to bury his face in her unruly hair. He says nothing, but he doesn’t need to. Toni, despite the years they’ve been estranged, understands him anyway.
Steve shakes his hand. “Potts. Is there a problem at SI?”
Without another word, Steve strides purposefully across the linoleum floors, gearing up for a speech because while she might be fine, Steve would rest easier knowing a professional had taken a look at her and give her a clean bill of health. He knows Howard would appreciate it, too. He reaches the door in no time, and nods at the two soldiers guarding it, backs ramrod straight. He goes to open the door when an arm blocks his action. Steve turns to the soldier.
Potts nods back and turns on his heel to leave the workshop. The wistful look on Toni’s face as she watches the strawberry blond go wasn’t lost on Steve. Then Toni catches him looking. “What?” she asks, all faux innocence.
Toni smiles.
"Let's not go home yet."
Toni rolls her eyes but complies, even as she mocks, “Caveman, Steve.”
the subtitles read.
Bucky grimaces while Natasha snaps a sharp look to the back of Clint's dirty-blond head.
Toni is barely aware the Christine follows her as she makes her way back to the red carpet. She stays a couple of steps away as Toni walks up to where Obi is still working the crowd of reporters. She gets as close as she can and taps his chest with the photographs, looking into his eyes.
He pinches his nose bridge instead and listened as Howard goes on.
“Thank you, Knight-Captain,” she finally says after a heavy pause. “It means much to me.”
Sam got
“The whole time,” Steve says, amused. “What are we celebrating?”
And with that, Rhodes ventures through the crowds to get to the bar, leaving his...friend to gape after his back.
“I resent that.”
“Alright then, I’m coming by for my pizza, then.”
She gives him a smile. “You’re eyes are red,” she says upon reaching him, tilting her head back to meet his eyes because Pepper is ridiculously tall. Taller than Steve even, but lanky. “Tears for your long lost boss?”
“Dammit.”
“In public, the press, Toni.” Stane wraps an arm around Toni’s shoulders while Steve stops the urge to scoff.
But rather from finals being just around the corner. He may be smart, but there's only so much he can cram in his head before it wanted to explode.
There was no sign of the Prince.
Howard nods again. “Good, good. Now, tell me how you did it.”
There was a short pause before JARVIS replies, “Very well, miss. And food?”
"You're good," Bucky waves him off.
Steve sees her lower her head at Peggy’s words out of his peripheral.
"Toni, where-" Howard Stark came to an abrupt stop as he reached the bottom of the basement stairs and spotted the little figure sitting at his workbench fiddling with something. He sighs his relief, shoulders dropping from their tensed hunch before he made his way over to his daughter.
Steve gives her a look in return as she goes into the kitchen. “You really think you’re not going to get a full security detail from SHIELD? The not-so secret organization your father helped make and currently ran by your aunt?”
Ana cried, Edwin fretted and Dad clung to her until they all packed up and called it a day.
A petty Tony Stark was not someone you ever wanted to cross paths with, and it seems his Pops is unfortunate enough to be on the receiving end.
Dad's laughter was cut short as they stepped into the kitchen and found Pops and Sam sitting at the bar, eating Chinese for lunch and hunched over a tablet.
They finish the rest of their breakfast in relative silence and Toni helps him with stacking their dishes together for Steve to take back up to the kitchen. She keeps the large mug of coffee with her, though. Steve deposits the plates in the kitchen sink before dashing up the stairs to his room to grab his laptop, notebook, and tablet and heads back down to Toni’s lab as casually as he can. No need to tip Toni off to his “evil” plan to get her to at least take a power nap.
Toni  snorts. “Glad to see your poker face is still shit, Steve. Don’t treat me with the kid gloves now. What else to you want to say?”
The "usual table" was out back in a small garden, cordoned off by a tall hedge of creeping vines that kept the outside world away while allowing the sun to shine down upon them. Peggy was sitting under a beige umbrella, daintily sipping at a glass of something as she reads a book. She looks up upon their approach and smiles, closing her book before she stands and holds out her arms. Toni slips her glasses up into her hair and Steve drops his hand from the small of her back as she steps into Peggy's embrace. He turns to the hostess while they hugged and asks for two glasses of ice-cold water and a bowl of any fruit appetizers they had. Your choice, he told her with a wink before turning back to the other two women. He helps Peggy back into her seat first, with Toni keeping hold of her aunt's hand before he turns to Toni and pulls out her chair.
Steve doesn’t mention the fact that Toni’s grip tightens around his hand and lets Toni ramble, “It’s not puss it’s an inorganic plastic discharge. It’s from the device not from my body- gently lift the copper wire, okay? Okay. You are probably way over qualified for this, so...copper wire.”
“Your guess is as good as mine.”
“How’s your father, dear?”
His legs suddenly feel like jelly so he turns and drops himself into the co-pilot seat. Clint gives him cursory glance, but goes back to watching the jet’s controls. “What do you know?”
Thankfully, Toni spies Steve making his way through crowd just as the other woman reaches her side with a sly smile. “Wow. Toni Stark.”
Then the days passed and Steve was ready to claw his brains out.
“Copper wire,” Potts repeats on a breath. “Ugh, that smells, Toni.”
It works.
Nobody says anything for a long while. Thor adds more firewood to the fire, Loki turns a page, Bucky pulls a knife out of thin air and begins to flip it around, Sam scribbles on the ground with his confiscated stick, and Hawk resumes to throws more twigs into the fire, never once missing the center.
Bright flashes sting at Toni’s eyes but she doesn’t blink. She doesn’t smile. She’s cold.
Dad may only be a quarter Italian, but he loves to play off the kissing stereotype.
“And his heart?”
Peggy nods. “Well...I do hope you find the cure soon.
DUM-E beeps across the room.
“Certainly, Miss.”
Toni doesn't answer, slipping behind the wheel instead and Steve scrambled back into the passenger's seat as she starts up the engine. She had slipped a pair of aviators on and mutters, "Just peachy, Cap," before peeling out of the Air Force parking lot like the hounds of hell were nipping at the tires of her sports car.
Phil tilts his head. “Miss Stark, you know better than anyone just what one can learn from
“Wha-What speed bump?” Potts asks. “What does that mean?”
Yeah...Uncle Rhodey wasn't making matters any better.
So I’m not quite sold on the “argument” Steve and Toni had so I might go back and rewrite it later, but I just really wanted to get this chapter out so here we are!!
Sir Carbonell bows his head, and from the long sleeves of his scholar clothes that Steve has no idea how he can stand in this heat, his hands begin to move, the gestures familiar and Steve is delighted to realize that he can understand.
“A...A press conference?”
Toni hums and accepts the tablet Steve hands her along with the stylus, the drawing app already open. She stared at his draft for a minute longer before she starts to sketch. Steve patiently waits for thirty minutes as she flicks the stylus over the screen, long strokes, then shorter ones, before settling the folded blanket that he found by the foot of the couch earlier around her shoulders. JARVIS helpfully turns down the temperature and kicks the AC into gear. Toni’s eyes are at half-mast not long after, and Steve is confident enough that she’ll fall asleep within the next couple of minutes that he goes back to his own work.
Howard shifts forward in his seat and types something into his laptop. “You’ll meet with him tomorrow as soon as you touch down in Afghanistan. I have a plane ready for you as soon as you’re ready to go.”
Howard takes a shaky breath before saying, “They we’re attacked by Stark weapons.”
“Right. Of course she’s coming,” Toni says. “What’s her ETA?”
Steve opens his mouth to say that she’s right, of course she’s right, but she spins on her heel and retreats back down to her workshop, her back ramrod straight and head held high, leaving him to let out another harsh exhale. “Shit. Way to go, Rogers.”
"Yeah."
Steve nodded hesitantly against his chest. Tony let him relax for a little while before lifting him in his arms and carrying him downstairs to his playroom. Steve was fuzzy and overwhelmed, not seeming to realize where he was or what was going on around him. Tony gently laid him down on a couch in the corner before getting the room set up for the night. He changed out the standard restraints for vibranium ones, wanting to ensure Steve was held securely in place. The machine he would be using was moved to the center of the room, a large ribbed dildo fastened in place.
Tony’s fingers brushed over his lips, occasionally pushing inside Steve’s mouth as he fed him bites of pastry and bits of fruit. Allowing him time to suck the sugar and juice from his skin. There was a second mug on the table, coffee with cream and sugar added, just the way Steve enjoyed it most. Every few bites Tony would press it to his mouth, allow him to take small sips.
"Good. Let's fix that, shall we?" Deft fingers quickly slicked his hole before a slim plug was slid into place, pressed directly against his prostate, making him shudder, the bells ringing quietly.
Brief mentions of genital surgery or mutilation, medical descriptions of disorders.
Steve quickly moved to obey, neatly laying the outfit over a chair and displaying himself for Tony in the center of the bed. He whined softly when his slim plug was removed, only to moan when it was replaced with a thick dildo. The toy split him open wide, putting constant pressure on all the right places. Tony flipped him onto his back, prowling up the bed to loom over him.
That was how Obie found her and that was how Toni showed him how she intends to guide Stark International from then on. The reactor works and that had just opened so many doors for her and the company. Green energy was the way to go.
Steve doesn’t answer. Instead, he finishes off the rest of his ale. Next to him, Bucky does the same. Around them, the tavern is bustling with its usual nightly festivities, the smell of alcohol mixing with pipe smoke, and loud off-tune singing.
A man Rhodes holds in high regard and is fond of, who seems to be brimming with confidence, can apparently hold his own in a war, and who’s obviously uncomfortable with compliments...Tony Jarvis.
(Two weeks after that, Peter walked in on Dad giving Pops a quicks smooch on the lips, eyes never leaving his phone as he was leaving for a business trip to Japan. The smile Pops sends him had Peter giving a thumbs up over Dad's shoulders as he got his own smooch on his temple.)
“Mr. Stane,” he says, standing to shake hands with him.
Steve smiles to himself as Peggy regales Toni with stories of the few new recruits they still trust after the fall of Hydra/SHIELD and the shenanigans they continuously found themselves in. For the rest of lunch, Steve enjoys himself, basking in the sun and the presence of the two women with him. The great food was just a bonus.
“So, how’s everyone been aside from dying of boredom?” Peggy asks, slapping her hands on her knees.
. Has it really been seventeen years since he first caught wind that the Winter Soldier was one James Buchanan Barnes? And now...
She hears a huff somewhere above her, though she can’t be bothered to check. Closing her eyes felt too damn good.
He resists the urge to sigh.
Peggy’s eyes are sharp as Nat’s blades as they cut from the blades to the archer. “Watch your tone, Hawk. I am aware of the stories surrounding the Crown Prince, and while I am not his keeper, he is still my family and I will not have you repeating
Leaning forward, Steve crosses his arms on the handlebar and drops his head forward with yet another sigh. He can’t leave. Not now, and not like this.
“Yes, ma’am.”
Steve clenched his jaw as he closes his eyes and releases several deep breaths to calm his racing heart, not paying attention to Toni’s laughter as she teases Potts and only zoned back into the conversation when Toni’s voice goes soft. It was the same tone she’d use when she first built DUM-E, encouraging the bot that he could do it, that he’s getting it, that she loves him–
State does a good job is masking his surprise. “Look at you! Hey, what a surprise.”
Howard chuckled, shifting her weight unto one arm before bopping her nose with a finger. "You gave Jarvis and Ana quite the scare, you know, running off like that without telling them where you're going."
Captain Steven Grant Rogers has failed yet again to have a full night’s worth of sleep.
She drinks the rest of her coffee (gross but whatever) and munches dutifully on the crackers as her mind wanders to the past day.
Fucking hell, but Steve hates it when he’s right sometimes.
Then he got a call from SHIELD right as they finished cleaning up the kitchen and Toni shooed him away to his temporary room. He gave her an apologetic smile and a quick forehead kiss before dashing up the stairs with his laptop, taking two steps at a time.
It's not far from her house, actually, the spot she wants to visit, and Toni can tell it throws Steve off when she tells him parks off the side of the road a mile from the mansion. But ever the soldier, he follows her wordlessly when she leads him down a well-worn, but easy to miss, path. It's a bit of a hike and not at all made easy by the afternoon Malibu sun, but Toni trudges on, letting the memories of another time she's gone down this same path wash over her. When they reach the cliff, the view still takes her breath away.
“Just hurry up and clip this in.”)
Toni itches for a pair of sunglasses. Instead, she forces a smile on her face.
"What party?" Steve asks, a frown furrowing at his brows as he, too, stands.
“There’s still some Saltines down here, right?”
Out of the corner of his eyes, Peter witnessed Pops' brows furrow. "Shouldn't Peter have lunch first, Tony?"
Toni’s answering silence is loud, heavy and thick with the unspoken.
JARVIS replies as red dutifully starts to fill in some spaces on the suit. Somehow, she could feel her AI's judgment against her color scheme.
“Yeah it does. Copper wire, you got it?”
The group starts to chuckle and Rhodey continues to try and do damage control. "Don't do that, don't do that."
, and he can heal.
“Wouldn’t dream of it!” Toni laughs over her shoulder as Steve steers he back down the carpet towards the entrance.
She nods with false humor and quietly says, "Okay." But the smile drops because it's Rhodey...she'll never be able to hide from him. Not fully. And he can tell. He can always tell.
Peter didn't witness when Clint got his, but he saw the evidence that he already did when he visits the compound again with the minions in tow to give Laura some well-deserved time off, and Dad greeted him with a hug and a cheek-kiss and the archer didn't even blink, just returned the gesture.
“The future of air combat. Is it manned, or unmanned? I'll tell you, in my experience, no unmanned aerial vehicle will ever trump a pilot's instinct, his insight, that ability to look into a situation beyond the obvious and discern its outcome, or a pilot's judgment.”
Her ruby lips twist into a wry smile. “No...I can’t hide much from you, can I?”
“Does that never stop?” Hawk joins from the other side of their table.
With jerky movements, she reaches out, jostles the table and caused the cup to topple over. She looks to the man again, gauges his non reaction to the racket, before she reaches further towards the jug next to where the cup had been and comes to an abrupt halt when a sharp pain tugged at her chest.
Steve closes the door after him and turns to Rhodes, holding his hand out for his own handshake. “Keep the castle from burning down?”
"Oh, really?" Howard chuckled again and helped Toni back up on the bench when she struggled to haul herself up onto it, before perching himself next to her and dutifully looked at the small gears and screws she points out to him and– "Is that...Toni, did you take apart the watch Obie gave to me last Christmas?"
Steve offers King Howard a sheepish smile. “Perhaps, Your Majesty. But rest assured we are more than ready to do your bidding.”
"There's a party I wanna go to." Toni stands, stretching out her back and neck. "If you don't have a suit I can have Cherry, my stylist, drive one over. Just gotta have JARVIS give her your measurements."
There’s been a five year delay (thanks a lot Thanos), but here they are.
can come up with?” Hawk flicks yet another twig from his seemingly endless supply towards Bucky, it’s trajectory set on hitting him on the forehead, but Bucky swats it away with his stick, sending it into the fire just before Sam snatched the sticks away from him.
He looks up just in time to see Peggy turn the corner, so visibly frazzled in a way he’s never seen before. Even when they found out that Hydra was still alive and right under their noses, Peggy was cool and controlled. Right now, however, she was anything but put together. Oh, she was still as beautiful as the day he met her, but the worried purse of her lips and misty eyes said it all.
you to trust in me to not screw this up. Please."
“And Sourpatch, Honey Buns. Love of My Life, the first time I got drunk.” Tony chuckles. “When you grow up together with someone, it’s kinda hard to call them Captain without laughing.”
“JARVIS, I’m going out,” Steve tells the AI after getting dressed, helmet in hand as he jogs back down to the first floor. “Call me if anything suspicious happens.”
“You’re getting sappy,” she says, simply.
Bucky taps at his earpiece and answers through the mic tapped to his throat, "I'd rather he be pissed after the mission than worried during."
Finally, he breaks the heavy silence, asking, “Who else knows?”
Unedited, as always :))
“Uh, panic. Definitely panic,” Toni quickly replies, flitting her gaze back across the crowd. No Steve. She frowns.
The short pause does not escape Steve’s notice, so he sighs heavily and shuts the front door behind him and strides towards his bike. It really shouldn’t surprise him the the AI would be a little cross with him for upsetting its creator. He straddles the seat and lifts his helmet to slip it on before coming to an abrupt halt.
She turns her head towards the sound and finds a man standing with his back towards her and guiding a straight edge razor down the side his neck. His whistling does not falter. Her throat screams for relief when her gaze catches into a small metal cup sitting on the edge of a wooden table next to where she lay.
Steve picks up the old reactor, turning to Toni. “What are you gonna do with this?” he asks, turning the device around in his hand, the artist in him appreciating the design.
“My dream died the day I found out you cuss more than the director, you know?” Phil says, completely straight-faced before he points towards the far balcony. “They went that way. Potts wanted some air. I think he panicked.”
However, as soon as the elevator opened into the Stark-Rogers floor of the compound, all hopes of flopping unto the couch was dashed when he spotted Pops' feet hanging off the arm rest. Dad still wasn't letting Pops sleep in the same bed as him, so Pops either took residence in one of the guest bedrooms, or the living room couch.
Next to him, Morgan, his little sister (because he has one now, holy shit, he’s an older brother, he shouldn’t be crying next to his little sister!) squeezes his hand in comfort. He looks down to her and finds the five year old watching him with concern.
JARVIS types out, drawing her attention away from the party with her name attached to it.
Steve’s world froze. No. This wasn’t like being in the ice. This was like being in molasses. He could see Nat slowly, so slowly, rise from her crouch in front of Bucky, no doubt seeing the way he had suddenly gone still.
More silence.
“So Ten Rings,” Steve continues as he lowered himself in one of the seats angled across from Howard’s desk, a cup of coffee in one hand. “What intel do we have on them?”
Bucky’s kind of scared at the prospect of meeting her again.
Toni thought as much. "Well, I love you, completely sober and I couldn't ask for a better PA to run my life. JARVIS aside."
The man steps into her office in a flutter of black leather and a straight back. Peggy has long since made the man stop saluting her, but seeing him physically stop himself from doing so despite all these years, still amused her.
Howard had his head turned in her direction, eyes blurry from sleep but his hand was reaching out, weak and shaky.
He comes back to Toni’s home a few hours later and is surprised to find Virgil “Pepper” Potts sitting in the living room tapping away at a tablet as some loud mouthed man rages on the TV about Stark Industries no longer making weapons.
"Hey, Toni, how would you like to go with me on my next Captain America hunt?"
“Thank you, Steve,” she replies and he nods, pushing off the car. He waves as Toni rolls the window back up and gives him a parting nod.
One of the firewood topples and another wave of embers fly into the starry sky.
Steve forced breath into his lungs and casts a look towards Rhodey. The other man looked exactly how Steve felt: murderous. “Shrapnel?”
The footage ends then replays again as a news anchor comes on to comment on the situation though Steve was hardly listening.
As it happens with all her projects, Toni easily loses herself in the work, volleying half-formed thoughts and potential solutions with JARVIS via texts and hand gestures. Then her eyes flicker towards the separate screen she has JARVIS playing the news on and gets stuck reading the subtitles.
Toni points to the bot. “Dummy, look alive. You’re on standby for fire safety. You,” she swivels around to address the other bot holding a camera, “roll it.”
“Isn’t she always?” Steve shrugs, keeping an eye on the vehicle until it turns away from his sight. When he turned back to Toni, he finds her already staring at him. “What?”
“A joint force between Army and Air Force lead by Colonel James Rhodes.” Peggy daintily wipes at her mouth with a table napkin. The name brings a memory of a fourteen-year-old Toni clinging to the bicep of a barely out of his teen’s boy with a smitten smile. “You remember him, don’t you, Steve? Sweet young man who took care of Toni in MIT. He was in the second convoy.”
“Join me on the couch.” Steve leads the way and settles back in his spot, patting the empty space next to him as he brings up his laptop.
“I’ve run out of words to describe normalcy on the third night, didn’t you notice?” Hawk flicks another twig at the fire, making it arc high in the air before landing perfectly in the middle. The fire crackles and pops, sending embers swirling into the sky.
That snaps Steve’s attention back towards Toni. Well, where Toni
Peter catches Dad’s eye and smiles when he’s sent a wink. It was touch and go for a while there with Dad after he snapped his fingers and turned Thanos and his army into dust, serving the purple grape a healthy dose of karma, and when he woke up, there were many tears.
"No, what you need," Rhodey says, enunciating her words like he was talking to a five-year-old, and it stings, "is time to get your mind right."
Steve nods. “Sounds good to me. Don’t work too hard, Peggy, and I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Seventeen years ago, Steve had stormed into the Stark mansion and had a screaming match with Howard about his weapons because Steve just got back from a mission that went FUBAR involving Stark weapons that wasn’t theirs. The argument spiraled out of control after that and with a warning to Howard (“One day this’ll blow up in your face, Stark, if you don’t do something!”), Steve stomped out of the other man’s office and almost barreled right through Toni. She had been nineteen then and already shadowing Howard as she prepared to take over Stark International. It rubbed Steve in the wrong way possible in that moment. The little girl he watched grow up was soon going to start leading a weapons company and he hated it.
With the efficiency instilled in him by the Army, Steve finished getting ready for his morning run in less than five minutes and he’s jogging down the steps and just about ready to head out the door when he noticed the lights spilling up from the stairs leading to Toni’s workshop.
Steve had been grateful at the time. His Majesty had rewarded all of them with homes after all, so he needed to get everything sorted out, but also, he just wanted to sleep. And sleep he did as soon as Coulson told him everything was in tiptop condition and he shouldn’t worry about running the household just yet.
Tony rose over him, pulling Steve’s hips up and back so he was presenting, before sliding into the tight heat of his body. He was so worked up already, that he couldn’t hold back, thrusting rough and carelessly into the spasming passage, his knot already beginning to swell. He worked it in and out of Steve’s tight entrance, each time a struggle to force it back in, until his knot had reached full size and they were locked together. Steve’s body milking around him. Tony came with a cry, grinding down against Steve’s perfect ass, feeling pulse after pulse worked from his body to fill his omega beneath him. Steve was whimpering softly, so sensitive that every twitch of Tony’s hips forced another release from his body, the pleasure overwhelming. Leaving him pliant and soft in Tony’s arms.
“Yes, Boss. James executed a one armed push up perfectly four times.”
Steve whined, struggling to his feet then yelping as the dildo began to vibrate inside of him. He barely made it a step before the intensity began to creep up and he fell heavily to the track, unable to get up. The dildo was pressed firmly against his gland, the sensations causing him to writhe helplessly on the ground. Tony stood above him, watching impassively, as he released over and over again at his feet.
"I'm not stopping you."
How could he live blithely in the past playing house with Peggy and ignoring everything around him. Leaving Bucky to be tortured. Howard to be murdered. An unending death toll that would once again be his fault. Steve didn’t know how to escape the guilt he already carried around with him, much less anything more. It would break him. In the end, the answer was simple.
The metal around his neck began to move, slowly tightening until it fit snugly. Steve reached up to tug at it, felt the slight unusual give to the metal. Tony had claimed him. Had collared him. He moaned, hips rocking forward into the air and pressing back to grind the plug against the stool. Liquid heat pooled low in his gut, and his body felt like it was burning. He was so close to release, and he sobbed when Tony stilled his motions, denying him once more.
Toni sniffs, laugh watery as she says, “I’m not. Allergies from all these damn flowers in here. Why’d you have to go and get a heart attack like that, dad?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter never had any doubts where his awkward tendencies came from.
"You know what fly-boy."
Steve immediately spots Coulson.
There’s a brief pause before the AI says, “No, Captain. Though, not for a lack of trying. Would you please bring her down some breakfast when you get back?”
He doesn’t really get a chance to reply as she was already walking around to the drivers side and thanks the valet for his services. Steve let’s himself back into the passenger’s side and they were once again speeding back down the road and towards Toni’s home.
“Captain, this Sir Edward Carbonell, a lawyer and distant relative of my wife. Sir Carbonell, the captain of my Knight, Steven Grant Rogers.”
She makes it to the dining table without any incident and Steve joins her after fixing his own bowl and brings the rest of the garlic bread with him, sliding into the chair across from Toni.
Toni smiles, exhaustion clear in the action but still gorgeous as ever. Then her gaze flickers towards Steve. “Is that...” she points at him, smile going confused, “...Steve?”
The group dispersed and Rhodey taps her arm with another chuckle. Toni tries to smile. "I'm surprised," he says, taking her in with a quick sweep of his gaze from her head to her toes. "'Swear I didn't expect to see you walking around so soon."
Peggy smiles back. “Good. Now then, it’s been a while since we got together, let me catch you up on a few things that’s happened at SHIELD lately.”
“Of course he does.” Steve laughs under his breath. “How’s Bucky been?”
Startled, Steve whips around to find an unfamiliar young man standing over him, smiling, mischievous blue eyes watching him from under a fringe of black curls with amusement.
Lady Potts smiles pleasantly and turns back to Steve. “Captain, I have asked Cook to prepare food for you and your men, so please stop by the kitchens for lunch.”
Toni catches the bottle out of the air when he tosses it to her. She holds it up to the light and observes the small shards as the man explain, “I’ve seen many wounds like that in my village. We call them the walking dead, because it takes about a weak for the barbs to reach the vital organs.”
Steve will always be amazed by the things Toni creates.
Smiling, Howard took it and dropped a kiss on her forehead. "Thank you, sweetheart."
His steps are silent as he moves around to get changed. If he didn’t know that Coulson would nag him about going out in his sleepwear, Steve wouldn’t bother getting dressed, but alas, his manservant had made such a fuss the first night that Steve had vowed never to even step foot outside of his bedroom without being properly clothed for company.
sooo...i'm back??? i swear i haven't abandoned this fic, just been very lazy and busy at the same time...love you guys!
Toni smiles. Her pride and joy sticking out the side of the cliff in a big middle finger to everyone who said she couldn't do it.
Still, it’ll be a lie if he says that this Toni, sitting before him with her shoulder slumped and a thousand yard stare, does not unsettle him. It’s selfish, he knows, but he really wants the loud, vibrant woman he watched grow up back.
What? No, that's not- that's not.
Mindful of the wires attached to the arc reactor, Toni carefully twists to flip a switch at the back of her hips, eliciting mechanical hum as her equipment came to life. “Okay. Activate hand controls.”
Just then, an eye-hole in the metal doors slid open and a man shouts from the other side in a language Toni couldn’t understand. Her fellow (presumably) captive dropped his ladle and rushes over to Toni and harshly says, “Come on. Stand up. Stand up! Just do as I do.”
His phone rings. It’s Fury. “Captain, I’m gonna need you to stay in California, after all.” Steve can feel the Quinjet turning around. “Carter’s orders. She said she’d come over as soon as possible to debrief you.”
Stane’s jovial smile slowly morphs into a grim line as he sighs. “I sent the pizza to your place. If I knew you were here I would’ve just brought it.”
“Well, you’re company did.”
"Unbecoming?" Steve repeats, an amused smile making his mouth twitch. "Really?"
A knock echoes in her silent office and Peggy checks the time. Fury, then. She had asked JACOSTA (Toni’s gift to SHIELD after they discovered Hydra) to alert Fury that she wanted to speak with him as soon as he arrived. She had gone ahead of him yesterday to their California base to get a head start on things.
By the end of the second week, it was the sounds that were driving him crazy. The low grunts and groans Stark made as he moved determinedly within Steve’s body. The high pitched whimpers and whines that mean Steve was being tormented in all the best ways. It never stopped. Bucky lay in the pile of pillows and blankets at night, hands over his ears, trying to drown out the inescapable sounds of pleasure. He wasn’t sure why it bothered him so much.
"Please. Please Tony, please. I'll do anything."
“You’re still a terrible liar. What’s going on?”
“You’d be surprised, Buck. We had a long talk while you were hiding in there.”
The next thing he looked at was medical information. Which covered a lot. He decided to start easy and work his way to more complicated topics. Castration and caging in omegas. He found articles documenting when the process started, as well as the benefits. Higher sex drive. Reaching orgasm from internal stimulation easier. Lower chances of miscarriage… Steve put a hand over his abdomen. He’d never allowed himself to think about having children. With the way he lived his life, it wouldn’t have been safe. But now… Things were different. Could be different. He shook his head. That was something to think about another time.
Steve reacted on autopilot, the way he always did. Throwing the shield, taking the brunt of the damage over his teammates. After all, if anyone deserved to suffer, it was him. He had to lock away a bolt of panic every time he lost sight of the Iron Man suit in the confusion. Tony could handle himself. He always did.
“Oh honey, no. Not at all. It’s fairly common for omegas in heat to be unable to tolerate solid food. It’s why I had so many shakes and drinks ready for you. I just worry, because of your mutation. I’m not angry, I swear.” Tony scooped him into his arms, settling the exhausted omega in his lap.
A look of immense pleasure bloomed across Tony’s face. “Oh yes, sweetheart. You were perfect. Did you think you did something wrong?” Steve nodded. “Not at all. I have exactly what I want. You don’t need to worry about things like this, Steve. All you have to do is what I tell you to. Alright?”
Bucky watched them leave, heart heavy as he said goodbye to Steve. His best friend. His anchor in a new time and place. The only family he had left and the only person who cared if Bucky lived or died. He knew he wouldn’t be there when they came back. The rogue Avengers boarded the quinjet, and it rose high up into the sky before it disappeared. Bucky stood there for a moment longer, overwhelmed by dread, before turning to make his way inside.
“You should have known this wasn’t happening without my mark on you. This cage? Means I own you. I control you. It means you’re mine.” Steve felt the cool metal slide over him, locking him away. It was as intense as the first time. As soon as the lock clicked into place and the metal tightened around him, he lost control, thrashing helplessly. He flipped over onto his stomach, rutting desperately against the bed but feeling nothing. It had been so long, Steve had forgot how overwhelmingly intense it was, to be unable to feel even a hint of touch. The metal warmed against his skin and his cock tried valiantly to harden, but there simply wasn’t room. The ache tightened his gut, and pulled soft cries from his throat.
Next to her, Steve is haunched over his legs, head in his hands, and taking deep measured breaths.
Behind the reactor, Toni’s heart is squeezed in a vice, but she doesn’t reply, focusing her attention on the photographs; Shots of war-torn buildings and death; shots of a familiar face as familiar crates are being hauled around; shots of her last name; shots of Jericho. Her creation. “When we’re these taken?”
“Oh, no. You told me to lay low so I’m laying low while you take care of the–”
“I can give you a list if you need it.” Lady Potts offers. “I’ll have it on your desk by evening. I will not budge on this.”
"What I don't get," Clint's voice sounds in his ear, "is why Cap gets babysitting duties while we go on a recon mission?"
She’s only vaguely aware of this, however, her mind too occupied to really settle on any one thing while she strides into SI’s California HQ and heads straight for the podium already set up for her in the lobby, mindlessly returning people’s ‘welcome backs’ and handshakes. Tesla bless Pepper.
Steve shifts his gaze towards Bucky, meeting his old friend’s eyes. Nat followed suit, then touches Steve’s elbow, her grip firm through the kevlar. “I got him, Cap. Leave him and the rest of Hydra to us, and focus on Stark junior.”
Steve clenches his fists.
Howard chuckled, a bit strained, but wraps his own arms around Toni's little frame, feeling as if he was finally doing something right for the first time since his daughter was born.
The man continues to translate for the other who waves his arms around like some kind of showman. “He wants you to build a missile...the Jericho missile that you demonstrated.”
“So what’s changed?” Steve grits out, clinging to the roiling rage in his blood, because he doesn’t want to address what’s twisting his insides into literal knots.
Toni grins, patting Steve on the arm because if she doesn't she might hug him and that's a big no-no right now. "You will definitely regret this. Go take a shower."
Fury raises a brow, one side of his mouth quirking up. “And by 'keep an eye' you mean, oversee? Another pet project?”
“Oh, please,” Toni says, scoffing as she steps aside to let him in, “let’s not pretend Peg’s doesn’t have a colorful vocabulary that makes you and I look like saints in comparison. And you haven’t answered my question.”
“Alright.” Steve nods to himself, his loot carefully tucked under an arm, while he carries his riding boots in his free hand.
. Not lawyer’s Knights.”
The sight that greeted them was pure carnage, and the fires that raged were so strong it was impossible to land or even get a closer look that Steve has no choice but to call it off and head back to base, all the while wondering just what Toni did to have left such destruction behind.
“Day eleven, test thirty-seven, configuration two-point-oh. For lack of a better option, Dummy is still on fire safety.” Toni pins the bot with a look. “If you douse me again and I’m not on fire, I’m donating you to the city college.”
Steve nodded mutely, overwhelmed by everything going on around him. He was led to a quieter corner, stage empty and waiting, where Tony sat down in a plush chair and drew him onto his lap. "Is this okay, Steve? We can leave if we need to."
Tony suppressed a smile, nodding. “Yes. It is.”
All the attention made him feel lightheaded, as though a part of him could float away from his body. Steve tripped over his feet as he was led back to the bedroom and tucked under warm blankets. He dimly heard the rustling of clothing, and was asleep as soon as Tony’s bare body slid into the bed against his own.
"Okay sweetheart. Why don't we go upstairs. I'll get you all caged up nice and tight for the night."
Steve followed him into the bathroom, not needing to be told twice. They spent far too long under the hot water scrubbing each other to rid their bodies of the last traces of slime. When they finally emerged, Tony flopped back onto the bed, exhausted.
Steve couldn’t contain himself anymore, hips jerking up, trying to dislodge the mouth from his sensitive flesh. Tony moved with him, grip on his thighs tightening, keeping Steve exactly where he wanted him. The intensity kept growing, still feeling good, but almost painfully so, and still Tony didn’t relent, forcing Steve to release in his mouth again and again, until he was sobbing from it, the couch beneath him soaking wet.
“Yes, sweetheart?”
“It’s possible that they might have been a part of the same group.”
Once his latest release had passed, Tony began to work again, humming softly under his breath. His fingers slid back inside Steve’s body, carrying a long tube with them. He felt the cervical plug shifting, body cramping once more in response, before the movement stilled and Tony’s hands slid away. The speculum was unlocked, most of it’s stretch released before it was locked once more. Tony waited as Steve trembled, another release building and crashing over him. It was humiliating. Not only being treated like an inanimate object, but his body being turned against him. He waited for the experience to get worse, and wasn’t disappointed.
This story is apparently eating my brain. Have some stress writing of dark kinky smut. Enjoy!
“That those drugs our parents put us on are poison. If we didn’t have mutations like we do, Stevie, that stuff probably woulda killed us by twenty five. And the fact that they started it so early? They knew it would deform our glands. Just about everybody in society knows that. They were willin’ to subject us to a lifetime of pain and disfunction, risk killin’ us, just to have their way.”
"Tony!"
“I can’t. Once it’s activated, it runs it’s course. I’m sorry, pet.” Steve began to cry loudly, unable to still his movements. “But don’t worry. I’ll be nice to you. You can stay just like that while you take your spanking. You don’t have to try to hold yourself up.” His voice turned stern. “Say thank you, Steve.”
“I would, yes. But if you’re not comfortable with it, we can take it out.”
Steve didn't have to be told twice. He was more than happy to slide onto the couch and cuddle back into his arms. Tony placed a gentle kiss on his cheek, along with a whispered "Good boy." in his ear, and they settled in to watch another obscure sci-fi movie that Tony loved and swore that everyone had already seen.
"You are. I'm so proud of you. Giving me so much. Wanting to please me and take care of me. I'm never going to let you go, Steve."
Steve obediently returned to the couch, knelt there while they ate, Tony indulging in his desire to feed Steve with his own hands. Loving how sweet and receptive it made him. When they were finished he threaded a hand into Steve's hair, guiding him down to rest on his knee, reassuring him with his presence, and letting him float in the moment.
"Always."
Steve gritted his teeth, waiting for the cage to relent, allow him to relax. Only this time, it didn’t. The cage stayed tightly compressed around him, squeezing down on him even further. Bolts of pain lanced through him, somehow also accompanied by pleasure. Just when Steve started to think he could gain some sort of relief from the intense squeezing, it relented. Still uncomfortable, and much smaller than it had been that morning, but not enough.
“You can, and you will. You’re too sensitive for me to touch, so we’re doing it this way. Don’t worry. I’ll take care of your pretty tits and neck later. Get my sweet omega releasing nice and easy for me, whenever I want.” Tony stepped back, settling himself in a chair facing him, unfastening his pants and freeing his cock, eyes never leaving Steve’s body. He began to slowly stroke himself with one hand, the other still holding the remote, pushing the setting two clicks higher as Steve watched helplessly.
Tony pressed their lips together in a soft kiss, lingered until Steve was breathless. “I just hope you don’t regret it later. You could do better, sweetheart. I just took advantage of the situation. I wanted you so much, Steve.”
“No.” Tony gripped his chin firmly, forcing him to meet his eyes. “You do not ever apologize for needing me. That is what I’m here for. Understand?”
“Shh… It’s okay. I told you. You’re mine. I am never letting you go, Steve. I know it’s hard right now, but try, okay? You’ll feel better once we get you straightened out. But Steve?” He forced his chin back, brown eyes boring intensely into blue. “I have always wanted you. You were always my first choice. I stepped aside because you pushed me away, didn’t want me. But as soon as Fury told me you needed an alpha… I wasn’t going to let anyone else have you. I need you to remember that. Especially when I have to be mean to you. Okay?”
Steve attempted to school his features into an expression of innocence. “Did I get carried away, Sir? I just wanted you to feel good.”
"Good." Tony leaned over and began idly toying with Steve's nipples, pinching and tugging at them, making him squirm. "You know, I bet one of these days I could make you come just from playing with your nipples. I'll have to try it sometime. But for now..." He shifted so he was straddling Steve, hips pressed firmly against his. Every time he moved, his cock rubbed against the other man's, teasing him with what he couldn't have. Now that his hands were both free, Tony returned to teasing his nipples, playing with them until he was desperate underneath him, moans falling from his lips with abandon.
“I… I don’t know how to not fight, Tony.”
“I should make a plug for you this exact length. Stuff you with it and watch you lose your mind every time you move. I could spank you like that. Make you run for my entertainment. You’d be begging for my cock after that, wouldn’t you?”
Steve slowly sat up. Tony was babbling, like he did when he was nervous, which meant that something important was happening here. "Okay."
“Says who? I was touching you. You were enjoying it. You were the one telling me you didn’t want it. I already got mine, sweetheart. Why should you get yours if you’re gonna act like that?”
"Yes, Tony."
"I'm doing a piece on your charity, I wondered if I could ask you a few questions."
Steve burrows closer, inhaling the scent of his skin, memorizing it. “I wanted to be someone’s choice. Not an obligation.”
They started their normal routine of warm ups and practice, but something was off. Steve didn’t feel right, kept needing to shake his head to try to clear out some of the cobwebs. A pain in his side sent him down to the ground. He thought he heard a concerned voice asking if he was alright, but it seemed to come from a great distance. The world was spinning around him, the way it used to when he’d have an asthma attack and couldn’t get enough air into his lungs.
Tony's eyes darkened and his smile took on a wicked edge. "Oh yeah." His eyes ran down Steve's body possessively. "Did you touch yourself?"
Steve screamed, jerking like he’d been electrocuted, spasming around Tony’s cock. Another flood of wetness poured from his hole, along with a small trickle across Tony’s hand from his still soft member. The contractions went on as Steve gasped for breath, the sensation so intense it finally pushed Tony over the edge. He groaned, Steve’s rim squeezing tighter around him, working every pulse of come from him, and finally staying tight around him, keeping Tony buried inside of his body. Occasional flutters and spasms continued around him, making Steve whimper from the sensitivity.
Steve reached up, gripping the metal tightly. “Whatever you want, Tony.”
A full body shudder ripped through Steve. “Please. Please, want you inside. Alpha. Yes.”
Steve gazed up at him, blinking away tears. “S-set to?”
And we’re finally back to the kinky porn that I know so well. New chapter, with a few of the answers you’ve been waiting for. Probably more to come later. But first, enjoy!
He fell into the rhythm of Tony’s control over every inch of his body, drifting hazily. It was almost a shock when Tony finally came with a throaty groan, holding him down  buried deep until he was done. Steve’s tongue flicked over his lips when he finally slipped free.
Steve shuddered, resting his forehead against Bucky’s shoulder. “Sounds terrible.”
Tony shrugged. “He’s got a point, sweetheart. You are always awfully sweet when you want to release. And he’s been through so much... If what he wants is for you to be sweet to us for a while, I’m going to give it to him.” Steve let out a soft whine, burying his face in the pillow. “Be good now, omega. Or I’ll lock you up. And not that little cocklet that you don’t like us playing with. I’ll make something to lock up your slutty hole, so you can’t touch it until I decide to let you.”
“Yeah.”
The corners of Tony’s mouth curved up sweetly. “Hi yourself. Been awake long?”
Tony urged him to climb up on the bed, pulled Steve in against him and wrapped his arms tight around him, making him feel secure. He relaxed in the hold, mind starting to slow down as the fog from dinner earlier started creeping back in. “Thank you alpha…”
His chest heaved with emotion. “No. Just… Motion, a bit. But when it locks down too tight, it doesn’t really move and…”
"Anthony Edward Stark. Please, tell me you did not experiment on yourself!"
"Touch me baby. Make me come before you. Promise, you'll like it."
"Really?" Tony grinned, wicked enjoyment clearly visible. "Just for that, baby doll, we're gonna keep this up until you're coming dry. Until each time hurts just as much as it feels good. And when you're begging me to stop, because your cock is so raw you can't bear another touch, I'm gonna make you come again."
“Figured it out, did you? That cream is filled with omega hormones. Should keep you nice and horny for at least a few hours.” He slapped Steve’s thigh again. “Okay, up. Don’t make me tell you twice.”
Steve opened his mouth to respond and a gag slid into it before a single word escaped. A dildo that pressed just far enough down his throat to choke him if he shifted wrong without impeding his breathing. Slick fingers rubbed over his hole before pressing inside, stretching and scissoring him open, taking care to avoid his prostate. He tried desperately to buck back against those fingers, press them deeper, get a touch where he really need it, but he still couldn’t move. He was held fast, couldn’t even writhe. A third finger pressed into him, opening him up wider, making sure he was stretched wide and dripping slick before they disappeared. Steve groaned around the gag, the sound morphing into a cry as he felt Tony’s cock slide into him in a single thrust.
Steve felt something cold and wet press against his hole, the slim shape forcing it’s way in easily. Once it was buried a few inches deep, liquid was forced into his spasming passage, flooding him with slick moisture. The cool plastic was withdrawn, leaving him twitching in the restraints. The sensation of dampness between his cheeks was uncomfortable and foreign, discomfort increasing as it warmed with his body. A prickling tingle began to spread where the slick came in contact with his channel. Fingers began rubbing at his entrance again, slowly slipping inside. He tried to clench, force out the invading digits, and found he was unable to. The fingers pressed deeper inside of him, stretching him open.
“Sure sweetheart. I’ll give that to you. For a price.”
“Just… Just hold me, Tony. Alpha. Please…?”
The toy stilled and he sobbed, soft broken sounds low in his throat. His skin felt tight and hot, like he was going into heat. Overwhelmed with the need for release, he babbled pleas for mercy, hoping his alpha would be kind. A hot wet mouth surrounded his tender cock, suckling gently, and he screamed. The pleasure from the touch was nearly agony. He begged for him to stop, to give him his cock and end the torment. Tony mouthed over him, licking and sucking, until he was wound up so tightly he was shaking with it. So oversensitive that he wasn’t sure if he could release.
Steve buried his face against Tony’s chest, completely overwhelmed. The gentle touches and softness of Tony’s tone slowly helped him calm down, leaving him pliant in his arms. “Thank you, Tony.”
"Christine Everhart. What can I do for you tonight?"
"No."
His hand came down hard on his ass, the shock of it jolting through Steve. Tony kept going, pausing occasionally to rub or squeeze the flesh beneath his hand. It wasn't long before Steve was whimpering and rocking his hips up to meet each strike.
"Wh- What?" His body was aroused, aching, desperate for release. Tony couldn't mean what he thought he meant.
Steve was a whimpering wreck on the bed as the last of the saline disappeared inside of him. His stomach swollen so large he looked pregnant. The extreme discomfort was warring with Steve’s desire to be good. Accessing the implant, Tony cued up mild vibrations, just enough to slowly stimulate his prostate despite the cramping in his intestines. Then he returned to stroking Steve’s hard cock, working him back to the edge and pushing him over.
A technician entered the room with a rolling equipment tray. She began setting up her supplies by the restraint frame. Tony gripped his chin firmly, turning Steve’s head to allow her to inject the permanent tracking device just below his right ear. It had already been imprinted with Tony’s information. There was nowhere he could run that Tony wouldn’t be able to find him.
"I love you, Tony."
He swore as Steve’s hole fluttered and squeezed tight around him, thrusting a few more times before burying himself deep and coming inside of him. The throbbing shaft pulsing inside of his sensitive passage was enough to make Steve release again with a soft cry. Tony ground against his rim, circling his hips enough to draw out the pleasure, on and on until Steve thought he’d lose his mind from the intensity. Eventually they both stilled, panting into the silence of the bedroom, and his body had a chance to calm.
