"By any chance, the same guy as before?"
It's maybe nine at night and people are just beginning to have fun and loosen up. There's alcohol flowing freely from the bar that Natasha has ever so graciously offered to work, people talking and laughing everywhere, a game of billiards where Barton would be fleecing the others had they been betting money with how well he's playing, music playing thanks to JARVIS working his coded magic, and everyone having a good time. Except Steve, now that Tony looks around for him like a good host. Because he isn't there, not yet.
“What? Ste—”
“I miss your name on my lips,” Steve amended with a gracious tilt of his head, still looking Tony in the eye as he delivered the lines that snapped Tony’s character and got Steve’s character what he wanted. Right now, he was a man who was betting his very soul for the gamble of his time, exposing trust and utter weakness that a murderer wouldn’t show to anyone else. “I miss   your hands in my hair. I miss losing control to the way you called me yours, the way you made me scream and
Soon enough, though, awards come out for Best Director and Best Screenplay, which fall to Peggy and the Howlies respectively. Peggy beams, smiling with her lips pursed tightly.
Tony looks around as discretely as he can and finds that no one meets the criteria that he already knows of. "Are you sure that you're not lying to me? Because there's no one here that I can see."
“Thought that the universe was trying to make up for everything I lost by giving me this. And then I lost my soulmate, and thought that maybe not.”
Steve jerked his head up and looked back at Tony, at the false emotions warring across the other actor’s face. Then, like a switch had been flipped, Tony took another step forwards, then two, and three, and four. Steve let the moment of realization settle over his face—Liam was realizing he had a chance yet still—and fell into a natural rhythm of moving backwards one step, then two, and three, and four.
questions,” Steve says, making a suggestive face at the cameras. He peels back the first one and reads, “Is Tony Stark adopted?”
had gotten laid, and that was that. Hill showed up fifteen minutes later than Steve, but she looked perfectly put together while holding a cup of SHIELD café coffee, which he knew took a minimum of twenty minutes to receive. Huh. She was good.
“Uh huh,” Rogers says with such amused disbelief that it's hard to even picture what the expression on his face is. “And my
Steve has been dreading this question since the day he read the script. And since the day that Tony joined Centre of the World, he has been dreading the question even more, because they’re no easy way to play any of it off or answer in a way that won’t have people put their tin hats up. Which means that he has spent nearly a year coming up with the perfect response, trying to get ahead of the shock factor that someone is undoubtedly looking for.
So he pulls up the camera placed in the kitchen to see if anyone’s there, and groans when he sees Steve. Tony really cannot go up against Steve right now, especially when he’s caffeine deprived. He never even has a chance against one of Steve’s smiles, or Steve’s ‘I’m concerned for your health and you should be too’ face, or Steve’s “Please?’ face or even those eyebrows of disappointment. He would at least like to put up some kind of a resistance.
Now, staring at the row of zeroes that was his timer, he wasn’t laughing anymore. He had met his soulmate. Somewhere, somehow, he had met his soulmate, and he didn’t even notice who it could have been. There had been hundreds of people at the Stuttgart Museum and the time would have corresponded to that and—he had a soulmate. He had someone out there who he had a... and Tony had played it off as a joke, and he hadn’t cared.
“Whoa, Steve, what?” Tony asks, and before Steve knows it, he’s as close as enveloped by Tony’s arms as Tony can try. He’s an ugly crier, so he feels bad for Tony’s suit. But that doesn’t stop him from heaving into Tony’s shoulders, trying to make himself as small as possible to fit.
They think he's wrapped up in his own world. They think he doesn't notice things as much as the rest of them, because he's always thinking in his own head. They think he doesn't care. They think that he can't put two and two together when it comes to people and small, hidden details. They aren't entirely wrong, but they aren't entirely right, either. Half the time, he's all dulled senses and enhanced engineering functions but the other half, he's all alert senses and enhanced thinking. With a few people, he's pays attention all the time, because they deserve him at his best, and so much more than he can give them. He tries to pay attention, and he, he hasn't really messed it up much yet, so something must be going right, right?
Tony fares a lot better than Steve does, or ever will. But it’s fine, because Tony catches Steve’s hopeless look and winks. Before he can turn pink, Steve looks away and flashes one last smile to the cameras.
up,” Tony—as Dominic—growled at him, rising up from the piano bench with a still grace that belied the feral nature of his voice and eyes. His back was still to Steve—as Liam—but Steve could imagine Tony’s face saying that to him, in real life, and he immediately tride to shut down those thoughts. Steve failed, and instead involuntarily shuddered, closing his eyes sensually as he did so. When he opened them, Steve started to remember every single time in his life when he was drunk on lust so that he could properly be eye-fucking Tony for the sake of the scene. This scene would be one of the only times Steve could ever act on any repressed feeling he had for Tony, and selfish and creepy or not, Steve at least wanted it out his system. Not that it would work, but he could try. With the impression people had of him, they would just say he was a committed actor and no one would have to know the difference.
Tony bursts into laughter, yanking the paper from Steve’s hands and reading it for himself, laughing again. “I love this! I don’t know who you are, but I love you for making Rogers read this with his own voice.”
“It’s rude to share my age like that,” Steve quips back. “Jeez Tony, next thing you know, you’ll be telling the world what my favorite color is!” He finds it extremely hard to keep a straight face.
"You're already tired, and JARVIS won't let you out of your suite or in the reach if anything vaguely interesting until you go to bed."
Tony wakes up in his bed, alone and just a little sore.
' card never works anymore either.
This is a conversation Tony does not want to be having. This is a conversation Tony’s had with himself, with Pepper, and with his therapist several times over. He thought it wouldn’t hurt with the amount of times he’s said it and thought about it, but with Steve, it’s just... it still hurts. It does.
The press and absolutely no one has a word against Captain America. Well, besides neo-Nazis, but they're also neo-Nazis. Tony's not about to go and get himself called that by calling Rogers a dick. Hell no. Even, strangely enough, villains have no actual bad things to say about Rogers. They just want to defeat him and brag. Tony's not going to be the one tells them that Steve's like a spring; he'll never not pop back up. Even if it's annoying, and even if it's seven decades later.
Of course, they all leap to their feet and cheer loudly when the Howlies win for best Screenplay. Across the room, everyone from Centre of the World are cheering. The Howlies, as befitting of their talent with words, kill their speech that Steve is too busy being happy for them to listen and soak it all in. Oops.
Steve stares straight into the camera with an unamused expression, before looking back to Tony, who’s now leaning over the sofa so that he can also be captured on camera. Tony’s using the screen to fix his hair, actually.
, but, well, there's only three people on there he wishes could still be on there (and for that matter, also alive). That list, he thinks, may soon be expanded to hold a fifth person. Even if said fifth person doesn't even realize that they're on it. Mainly because they aren't here, at the tower, more often than not.
Tomy gracefully takes his award from Selina Kyle and Margaret Smith and grins at the crowd. “Thank you,” he warmly says. “You know what? I’d like to start off thanking Steve Rogers, who just laughed in my face when I said I didn’t have anything planned to say. He was also the one who told me that the chances of either him or I winning were slim.”
“Congratulations,” Tony simply says, “To whoever it was and whenever it happened.” He doesn’t say anything else and doesn’t himself feel anything.
Tony makes a noise of dissent next to him, and the interviewer seizes upon that quickly, holding the mic underneath him and waiting expectantly. Tony takes the hint and says, “That’s not what happened,” he says, slinging an arm on top of Steve’s shoulder. “Rogers pretends like Peggy was the one that pushed the role, but I don’t think he had even an ounce of hesitation in him when he took the role. Listen, the actual things that Rogers has hesitation for are things where it will take the force of a small nation to try and shove him.”
kisser, so passionate, and it was like I melted right then and there in his arms, hoping that time would just slow down so I could—no! I’m kidding. It was kind of there.”
Tony is starting to think that this is maybe why Steve accepted so quickly, had it not been for his eye catching someone coming up the stairs. There he goes.
“Steeb,” he gasps when he thinks his face isn’t too red anymore. “Okay, I gotta be serious. Crap. I’m not even going to think about the other half; I’ll start laughing and I won’t stop. Okay. I got this. Okay. The questions asks why the background looks different. Um, you mean like...”
Tony gapes, because he hadn't known that. At all. Huh, that explained why none of them had seen Rogers in over a week. “He d—”
"Captain-y things? What captain-y things?"
Tony was adjusting his shirt when he notices his cuff was facing the wrong way. He pulls it off, wondering what the number had jumped to. It had been a day since he checked it last—the time still hadn’t changed since then. Tony had rolled his eyes and pulled the cuff on yesterday. He had thought it was going to change sometime soon, and didn’t really bother to check it.
“Hey,” the bartender protests, throwing a hand up. “I haven't done anything this time.”
Tags: Confident Steve Rogers, Dancing Steve Rogers, Post-Iron Man 3, Oblivious Tony Stark, Enemies to Friends, Unhappy Ending, Ambiguous/Open Ending, Coming Out, Dancing, Sassy Steve Rogers, dialogue-heavy (at the end), 20 Questions, Parties, Galas, Hit Drop Go, Mentions of Prostitution, Gay Steve Rogers, Bisexual Tony Stark
”Oh,” Natasha’s voice catches, in an odd way that reminds him too much of Pepper. “
“Pardon?” Steve asks.
Tony doesn’t even care at this point, and he thinks, looking back, that he hasn’t ever cared.
"You'd be his type, too," Clint continues ever so thoughtfully. "Dark, snarky, and smart."
"Tony," Steve says, a hint of a question lacing his words.
Steve takes another step, not too intimidatingly and then stops. He closes his eyes and visibly suppresses another comment. When he opens them, he says, “Ultron. Ending the fight. Going h-home.” It isn’t lost to Tony on how Steve stumbles over the word, and has a faroff look in his eye. It isn’t lost to Tony on how everyone else on the team has people and a place to go to, except for Steve minus the Tower. Even Natasha, and even Bruce, whether they’ve realized it or not.
,” Steve said in challenge, rolling Tony’s character’s last name over with the tip of his tongue in a way that he couldn’t even attempt to with Tony’s actual name, “But you were good at it, at lying, once upon a time.” He let his eyes fall down to Tony’s lips, one of the written blocking steps in the actual script since writers just loved to torture him, and said, “One of the best. I miss you.” He flickered his eyes back up to Tony’s again, teasing.
"Oh." A few seconds later, while he's thinking about it, he says, "Goodnight, I guess."
She bores a hole right through him. “You’ve talked about everyone else this interview, besides one very noticeable exception.”
“And it’s not,” Steve says, plain and simple. He knows where she’s going to rightfully take the line of questioning, and he wants to prolong it as much as possible. “We’ve always said that it’s a genre-less story of a man. The movie toes all kind of lines, and honestly, the one distinction it has is that it’s rated R.” Tony quietly laughs from next to him.
Tony boos at Steve when the doors open and Steve unceremoniously brings Tony to his bedroom and dumps him there. Not literally, but close enough.
Clint smirks. Natasha is less than impressed. "Right," she says, voice void of any inflection. "And you're dumber than Hammer."
“A virgin!” Tony crows gleefully, pulling the sticker off dramatically. He bites his lip and uses the card to cover his face as he starts laughing again at the expression on Steve’s face.
"I'm counting that, by that way," Steve says, rolling his eyes, "But he knows because he caught me out on a date."
"What? No! No. But yes, I do know that Clint knows. It's hard not for me to know that Clint knows."
texting? On the red carpet? People will talk. :|
“You’re an enabling idiot,” Tony says, and when Steve turns to make a face at Tony, he almost turns a little pink at the fondness on Tony’s face that lasts for a split second. And then it’s gone, but Steve now knows what that face looks like. Very interesting.
"What is your problem today? Fury needs you, and we're in what may as well be a bar back alley yelling about your goddamned sexuality that I couldn't care less about right now. You're saying you're off-duty, and he's saying you aren't, so we're going to get this straightened out and then, do whatever. I don't fucking care, Rogers, newsflash!"
She laughs, most likely about to change the topic to something related to Tony. “And what about you, Tony? All we know is that you’re playing an elusive pianist.”
In fact, with the way Steve looks incredibly confident in that stupid suit, he knows he's probably in the large majority that wants to fuck Steve. The fucker doesn't even have qualms about dancing anymore, even though he did before. As he dances, everyone can't help but notice how his moves are incredibly fluid and precise, just like how he fights. And no, Tony isn't projecting for once; if he looks around, all eyes are quite literally on Steve. Every single time Steve's talks to someone, there's almost always a new check donated. It's incredible, really.
And Tony leaves, silently promising to come back later at a better time for everyone, including himself, with the shield.
The press and absolutely no one has a word against Captain America. Well, besides neo-Nazis, but they're also neo-Nazis. Tony's not about to go and get himself called that by calling Rogers a dick. Hell no. Even, strangely enough, villains have no actual bad things to say about Rogers. They just want to defeat him and brag. Tony's not going to be the one tells them that Steve's like a spring; he'll never not pop back up. Even if it's annoying, and even if it's seven decades later.
"He showed up to my party late," Tony sniffs, "Later than fashionably late. That's rude."
care.
Steve—bastard—cuts him off halfway and stands right in his way. "I've gotten to her already," he says, making sure that no one else can hear in the middle of the room. "Tough woman, by the way. I didn't think she'd crack."
“We did the entire movie together and you didn’t ever think, hey, Steve’s too comfortable with this? Huh, I wonder why.”
"Chicken butt," Steve shamelessly quips, before walking in and then unapologetically picking Tony up. All of Tony's attempts to break away go ignored and unsuccessful. Steve doesn't even wince.
Steve very pointedly does not respond to that. He sticks his hand in the bucket and prays that he’ll get a tweet about Tony this time around. He pulls one out and immediately groans, placing it face down on the table. The entire thing is
Strangely enough, the team (even Natasha and
Tony tries to hide his shock at the information that has been revealed to him and instead looks at Rogers. Rogers, who’s in jeans that look like they’ve been stitched onto him for how tight and ass-flattering they are, and a green-gray Henley that shows off every flexing muscle while leaving nothing to the imagination. His hair is messy and tousled in a way that Tony’s never seen in. He can’t make much out, but he can tell that the shirt is buttoned, for hoe the light doesn’t reflect off of them right.
At least, this is what Tony tells himself when he's sitting in a mission briefing room with everyone else while Fury is yelling at the man about where Rogers is. Apparently he's not responding to his phone, and someone (Tony) has removed all of SHEILD's trackers so they can't even place him. For the first time, Rogers isn't here with a call to fight. Tony would be smirking and cracking jokes if it weren't for the fact that Fury had just ordered them to go find Rogers and bring him here to HQ. Though, picturing the dressing down Rogers was going to get after it was worth the yelling.
Still, that didn't change how Cap was partially the reason that Tony didn't care about his stupidly changing timer. It also didn't change how Steve was still the reason that Tony was not losing his mind like he had his soulmate. He was just inspiring like that, and Tony marked it down as the Steve Rogers phenomenon again.
Except for one small problem.
But at the end of the gala, when all has been said and done, Steve leaves alone, and Tony hasn't really seen him in the company of an unattached man for too long. More so than anyone else, he’s the center of this gala, this world of the famous and influential.
"That I'm gay? Yes," Steve dryly says.
"Maria," Natasha responds without missing a beat. When Tony doesn't say anything in frozen shock, she says, "
"Brunette."
"Why are you bringing up Clint again? He's not... no, just no."
“Yes?” Tony asks, eyeing Steve like Steve has lost his last brain cell.
come true, that a guy like me from Brooklyn could stand on this stage coming from nowhere and nothing. I should be on top of the world right now, but all I can think about is the fact she’s not here.”
"Now that you've figured it out," he hears Steve saying with a wink, "Come find me after this."
Characters: Tony Stark, Steve Rogers, OMC(s), Natasha Romanoff, Clint Barton, mentions of Nick Fury, mentions of Pepper Potts, mentions of James “Rhodey” Rhodes
"No, he stands out plenty," Steve grins. "I don't think a lot of people have been able to take their eyes off of him."
Rating: Most of it is T for language, but please avoid the thirst tweets interview if you’re uncomfortable with sexual overtures and suggestion. And the actual movie scene itself.
,” Steve said, semi-faking a wave of pleasure while trying to stop his own anything. “Yes. Yes, yes, I
“Hey Mrs. Rogers,” he hears Tony say, placing something down. “Sorry I’m late, I wanted to get you flowers, but Mamá started crying and then I started crying at the flower shop. The florists spent half an hour trying to calm the two us down. All of us miss you, you know. I bought lilies for you; the plain white ones you loved so much even if everyone else teased you for it. Found the shop and everything, no thanks to Steve.”
Something flickers in Tony’s eyes: guilt, concern, worry, panic, apology, regret. But he picks up the program pretty well and smirks at the camera. “Oops,” Tony says shrugging. “Hi. But I better not see any gifs of me fixing my hair online. That’s sacred space right there.”
Tony sucked in a breath, his darkened eyes looking up and down Steve in a way that made Steve shudder again, and blew it out angrily. He smiled bitterly. “Last time was a one-off,” he firmly said, though the way that Tony was eyeing Steve said anything but, per the script. Only because of the script. It was ironic, that their characters couldn’t stay away from each other for too long without chance or hunger pulling them back together, no matter how much they tried to deny themselves. In real life, it was anything but, since the feeling Steve had for Tony, the burning hot torch he carried that wasn’t mutual.  “Just a one-off. We’re done.”
showed up here randomly, asking specifically for me.” The way he says friend, almost like a double entendre, coupled with his previous words of charging money for people finding him, has Tony's mind spinning with possibilities that are all very, very unlikely. And yet, he can't help but think that Rogers's very presence here is unlikely, why not what else he's thinking?
“And the Oscar goes to... Steve Rogers, for Centre of the World!”
He realizes he hasn't exactly left Natasha at the bar yet, so she follows his gaze to Steve and rolls her eyes. "And to think everyone says he's awful at flirting." She sounds a little pissed off, and he immediately can tell that Steve's thwarted all of her matchmaking plans for him just by virtue of being his unique self. He grins and wonders if she knows she's probably been looking at the wrong gender.
He can't also believe that there's a chance that his tracker and app system is wrong, though. It's impossible to think. He just thinks that Rogers being actually at End Line is harder to believe. So he drives, and he's grateful he never brings anything but the cheapest-looking cars to SHIELD on days where he has new missions with the team. The rich and the vanilla get eaten for breakfast at a place like End Line, so virginal Steve Rogers doesn't even has a chance.
“Well,” Steve says, looking down at the ground. “She’s not wrong.” He suddenly remembers making a bet with his ma about him crying if he ever won an Oscar. His ma had bet yes, and he had bet no, thinking he’d never win one to prove her theory. Steve suddenly finds himself crying. “Goddamnit.”
Clint blinks. "Buddy," the archer slowly says. "You're really not going to tell me that you haven't noticed that Steve swings the other way, right?" Tony gapes, because since when does Clint know? But Clint takes it the wrong way and frowns. "Oh man, did I just—Tasha! You said that he fucking knew! Jesus fuck, outing someone isn't... that's—”
can pull that off like a champ, and in all the worst ways possible. As a result, it’s often best to pull him out slowly, and not like what Natasha did.
Steve didn’t even realize he was shaking while his voice broke, as if stricken by the words that his character hadn’t meant to say. Vaguely, he was thinking of what Liam would do, but it also was frightening to realize that Liam was doing what Steve would do if he was ever in this situation. He didn’t have to act any of it out, not when he knew deep down that if it were really him and Tony having this conversation, he would try every trick in the book to get Tony back. Just not with really cheesy words.
And that is how the rest of the Avengers (and Laura) find them, kissing like their lives depended on it in the kitchen an hour later, after they’ve both eaten breakfast in the few minutes they weren’t kissing. Steve has his hands under Tony’s shirt and Tony has a hand down Steve’s pants as they’re tightly pressed together against the kitchen countertop, with Steve being the one who’s pinned. He seriously wants to know just how Steve can kiss like this, and what other party tricks he has.
——————
It’s now the second of July and Tony finds Steve sketching in his book.
“Word of advice to everyone or anyone who wants to get in the industry,” Steve says, straight-faced, “Find an agent who doesn’t want to watch you suffer. Or an agent who doesn’t make fun of your slippers. Listen, anyone who disses your Iron Man slippers is a fake friend. How else am I supposed to show my appreciation for Iron Man?”
"Who's that?" Tony asks, pointing to the brunette.
Tony groans. When did he become a news article or a book?
“I flirt with everyone when I’m in the mood for it,” Steve says, giving Tony a strange look, since he honestly thought Tony knew that he’s not exclusively into a particular gender. “I thought I didn’t have to come out.”
"You were out on a date? Ooh, Rogers, do tell," Tony teases.
was this close to leaving our op, and hopping on a plane to Malibu by the way."
Steve looks at the camera again and smirks confidently. “Nope,” he says, popping the p. “I think I’ll be okay without your help. You tend to try and ‘help’ by going around and telling everyone that I’m woefully inexperienced. Or that I just need a hand and I most certainly do not need a hand.”
In fact, with the way Steve looks incredibly confident in that stupid suit, he knows he's probably in the large majority that wants to fuck Steve. The fucker doesn't even have qualms about dancing anymore, even though he did before. As he dances, everyone can't help but notice how his moves are incredibly fluid and precise, just like how he fights. And no, Tony isn't projecting for once; if he looks around, all eyes are quite literally on Steve. Every single time Steve's talks to someone, there's almost always a new check donated. It's incredible, really.
“It was my dream,” he whispers into her hair as her grips on him tightens. Is he shaking? Maybe. “And—”
“Camera flashes were gun shots and spilled wine was a body bleeding. People dancing were people fighting, lipstick was blood, and laughter was a foreign sound. I was in a dance hall after the war. Stork Club. Everyone’s dreams were what could have been or what could be, and maybe part of mine was like that but... my dream was about my reality. That I’ll never leave war and war’ll never leave me. It’s become the only thing in this life that I know and maybe I fight because I want to save lives, but evil megalomaniac robot with otherwise bad philosophy or not, he was right about me. I live pretending I can’t live without a war, because war is the only thing I have left. Peggy told me that everyone could go home, and to picture it, and the next thing I see is that I’m all alone in the dance hall, wearing my goddamn uniform. Isn’t that what happened? Isn't it? I walked away alright because it’s what I’ve been doing for the last three years. Want to know my dark side? I'm living it everyday."
Natasha smiles at him sympathetically. He blanches, wondering what on earth he's done to deserve such a scary thing. Tony shudders as she says, "You're the host; tell him." She's completely dropped her bartender character. He doesn't to know what to think.
Because Steve’s now dropped his tea—empty, how the hell did he sip so fast?—on the ground, and his cuff has fallen. No one knows why Steve wears a cuff since everyone knows he’s a blank, but Tony now knows.
“Hey Steve,” Tony says, plopping down on the chair next to Steve’s sofa and watching Steve close his book in a panic. And then Steve seems to register who he is. Instantly, Steve hardens and turns into a stoic shell of himself.
here,” Steve says helplessly, gesturing to the ceremony with a befuddled expression everyone laughs at. “I didn’t think I was going to be invited to the Golden Globes, to be honest, I—my god, I think I’ve somehow brainwashed people into thinking I’m a decent actor.” He stares at his award for a second in amazement, shaking his head in amazement as people continue to laugh. He’s suddenly aware of the looming time limit that’s going to hit if he doesn’t start talking and talking fast. “It just has to be because of the amazing cast and crew from Centre of the World, who I’d love to give a big shout-out to. They’re the true criminals, with how they killed it. Without their performances and their magic, my role would have been nothing, let alone award-worthy. Especially to Peggy Carter and Tony Stark—is this what you two meant when you kept telling me that all the crazy things we did would pay off? Well, something happened. And to Maria, Bucky, and Sam, I love the three of you dearly for all the support and patience I’ve gotten from you. Same goes for everyone who’s part of the coffee circle, you know who you are. But most of all I’d like to thank anyone who has ever watched a movie that I’ve been in. You have no idea what that means to me—an actor owes their job to the people who watch them on any screen. Thank you.”
"Steve," Tony said.
“Stuttgart Hall,” he whispers.
“Where's the tracker that's on me?” Rogers sharply asks, fishing out his phone from his back pocket. “It's yours, isn't it? It has to be yours, never mind, why'd I ask? Tell me where it is.” When he doesn't respond, Rogers's voice increase in volume as he demands, “Tell me where the fuck it is.”
"I am so sorry I wasn't there," Steve cut him off, full of remorse and apology. "I should have been, for you, I should have been there to help somehow and oh god, please don't ever do something like this ever again without calling for help. I thought you were—the news said you were—no one knew what had—god, I’m just so glad you’re not dead. And I, uh, if you need something, or someone, I'll be there, okay? Just call? I'll be there, and—hey, Natasha!"
“Where am I really?” he asks, after taking a pause.
"Did you like the pizza?" Tony says, his face leaning back a little so he can look at him.
Steve lets out a breath and remembers the moment vividly; remembers his harsh words to Tony on the carrier and how all he could think about as Tony flew himself out of Earth was that Steve wanted a second chance.
"Loki's scepter must be here. Strucker couldn't mount this defense without it," Thor comes through. "At long last," he adds.
It makes Tony and Bruce share a silent, confused look.
Allen smiles at the quip and rolls his eyes. "Lucky for you, I got you a Pike Place Roast," he says, raising the Starbucks cup and Rhodey feels like he can see the light.
He turns fast to punch him but the man's quick to draw his shield up. The vibration sends him a little off balance so he kicks him and falls on his ass.
Tony shakes his head and against his better judgment says, “This feeling like I can’t breathe around you.”
The first time he’s tasting is green smoothies and liquor and
"You already called him, didn't you?" Tony asks about Steve, his eyes narrowed.
“—and chemically recode it,” she keeps going.
Tony just smiles at her. "Well, it's me. You'll think of something," Tony says, trying to reach her for a hug.
“For now, yeah. I'm calling it Extremis,” she answers and then joins him. “Well, it's— human application,” she says at the same time he does. “Exactly! Exactly. It's central-degree vitalization.”
Thor is visibly losing his cool. "You think this is funny?"
"Unbelievable," Tony mutters as he exits the room, shaking his head.
“And you've been doing what exactly?” Bruce retorts.
“You can put that on the back seat, Bruce. I—I’ll be right with ya’,” Tony tells him, pointing out at his sports car. Bruce follows and then Tony’s turning, walking towards him.
“You wanna think about removing yourself from this environment, Doctor?” she asks instead, deflecting his question.
Natasha sighs. "Well, this is good times, boss, but I was kind of hoping when I saw you, you'd have more than that," she tells Fury.
"I don't mean to do that all the time," Tony tells him, opening his eyes comically, then he sits next to him.
Tony smiles in reply. “It’s not the only one,” he says and then runs to his desk to show Steve his designs — his hand-drawn designs.
Tony turns to him and looks ten years younger and lost. “Did you see them? The pictures?” Rhodey sighs and shakes his head slowly. “Yeah, me neither. Been running away from them, actually,” he adds.
He hears Rhodey taking several breaths before going, “You’re going to make fun of me.”
“Say ‘cheese’,” Jeannette asks Rhodey with her Polaroid in hand. Rhodey raises his diploma up in the air and smiles widely.
“A hero, like
Tony’s smiling façade fades slowly, replaced with a somewhat somber expression. He looks down, tired, but unashamed. His shoulders are curved down and he looks tiny. The angle works enough for Steve to see Tony’s lower lip tremble, like breathing makes him shake.
Tony takes a breath and looks closed and distant. More like the Tony he used to argue with him every second in the Helicarrier and less like the Tony who just gave him the best present Steve's ever received.
“Yeah, there's a lot of things Fury doesn't tell you,” Tony replies, turning back to face him before lightning struck in the sky.
Steve bores his eyes into hers and leans into her. "There's a chance you might be in the wrong business," he says, honestly.
“It’s alright Ed, I deserve it,” Tony mutters, opening the door to the living room. “Hey, Aunt Pegs,” he greets and Peggy presses her red lips together, her eyes piercing.
Steve almost wants to cry when he looks into his eyes after he’s taken off his glasses.
Tony doesn't understand what happened, but he knows it's on him.
"If that's not the case, then I will have to remind you that I'm not asking you. I'm giving you an order, is that clear?" Yu says, his fingers entwined, on top of his desk.
The Captain turns to Banner for a second and then back to Tony. He eyes him for another long second and then down and up again his body, like he’s putting Tony through a scan, both trying to figure him out and cut him open.
Tony raises a hand. “Wait, are you on that list?” he asks, pointing at
Rhodey takes a careful step towards him but Yu turns and Rhodey stops midtrack.
He punches him with all he's got, like that's gonna change the numbing hurt he feels in his chest.
“Yeah, uh, no. It’s fine, I—” Tony starts stuttering and then takes another breath, trying to work his way around words. “I feel like I spent a lot of time going on all wrong about this and that was uncalled for. Really. So, yeah. Like I said: I wanna make up for it. But also, I—I don’t know how. And my… experiences with, uh, relationships and all that, it’s less than remarkable and I don’t want to screw up because – and trust me, I can screw up in monumental ways, just ask anyone who’s ever known me – well, it’s this thing and I don’t—”
talking about my godmother while having sex," he says and then he shuts him up with kisses.
“Sounds exhausting,” Tony says, turning back again towards one of the screens. “The rest of the raw materials, Agent Barton can get his hands on pretty easily. Only major component he still needs is a power source of high energy density,” he explains, taking enough time to put his hacking chip on one of the computers. “Something to kick-start the cube,” he finishes.
“You think Fury's hiding something?” the Captain asks.
It makes Rhodey smile a different kind of smile. A softer one.
Then he shoots at them in the car but they're quick to dodge. The car breaks abruptly and he flies off from it, landing on the pavement with the help of the arm.
But then Tony looks around them and seems to find his lever. “Alright, let’s put it this way, you’re an artist, right? So, when you hit a block, where you’re, like, stuck at a point, an idea—you know how sometimes, you have to move around and try a different angle? Something else to get a new kind of—”
"Hey, are you okay?" Tony asks, sitting next to him instead. "Oh, boy, I did it, didn't I? I said something dumb and now you’re all down—"
Nothing is okay.
Tony turns with a bitter smile on his face and raises an eyebrow. “He was an idiot,” he tells him.
“I’ll go do some groceries shopping,” Tony says, sliding back into his sneakers.
"I can get Barton to the jet," Thor says. "The sooner we're gone, the better. You and Stark secure the scepter," he instructs.
"Come on, use your words, buddy," Tony says but Thor is coming close to get a grip around his neck.
Pepper takes a deep breath, relaxing a bit. “So, Rhodey called me,” she says and Tony’s fingers stop moving. “Said something about you having a ‘weird ass episode, even for you’,” she adds.
This used to be Tony’s safe place back when he had to do this 24/7. But no matter how amazing or incredible something sounded, Obadiah would always turn it down if it wasn’t something weaponizable.
"You know, I like manhandling as much as the next kinky person, but if it happens, I really want some sex to go with it," Tony says.
"Hmm," is all Tony says.
“You belong here just as much as everyone else,” Tony says. “Come on, Steve, you know you do. Just... if you don’t want the Oscar, sell it. eBay, one cent. Go for it. You don’t have to keep it. Anything that makes you feel better. Steve, come on. Steve.”
Steve turns around in surprise and stares at Tony with hope in his eyes. A smile curves his pink lips. “I think that was the shortest talk we’ve had.”
“Like I said, congratulations. Stupid me of being careless, but I really had thought that you had better things to do than track my life. Was this what you wanted, Stark? My dark scandal?”
Steve is stunned that he’s won. He knows there have to be cameras in him that are showing the country how dumb he looks, but he can’t bring himself to actually process it. He just won a Golden Globe. A Golden Globe for the best Drama Actor in a Leasing Role. Steve’s mind is shutting down, and he can’t even register that he’s walking into the stage until someone hands him the physical award. He blinks and smiles.
Natasha walks in, ghosts of her own, and takes a look at the remaining tea left in the pot. She pours it all for herself. It’s apparent that Steve hasn’t noticed her yet, for all of his supersoldier hearing. She seems to come to the same conclusion Tony did and talks to him.
“Kiss me on the cheek,” Steve deadpans.
, Steve sighs. "Also because I'm technically a SHIELD agent. Just on undetermined leave."
"Who's ready for drinks?" Thor yells, a smile on his face, as he puts his arm around the robot, who they've decided to call Vision.
“I did something,” Tony declares and Steve looks at him with a thousand questions on his face. Fair enough. “I mean, for you –for all, all of you,” Tony’s quick to clarify, his palm slightly open. “Follow me,” he asks, walking towards the elevator.
“Wow,” Tony repeats.
Steve does laugh at that and it doesn’ hurt as much as he thought it would. Maybe his ribs finally healed.
Tony blinks from his spot. "Are we still at "ding-dong"? We're supposed to be on total security lockdown," he yells, hitting the table. "Come on, I threatened a terrorist. Who is that?" Tony asks.
do, Tony,” he says, this time more quietly, more meaningful. In his darkened green eyes Tony finds all of his childhood.
“Yes, I do. One hundred percent, right, Rhodey?” Tony answers, turning back to Rhodey sitting behind the big table. “I believe you’re perfect for this position. It has nothing to do with the fact that I just insulted your grandmother’s name and am terribly sorry,” he adds and the woman looks like she’s smacking him in her head.
Steve raises his eyebrows, waiting for Tony to elaborate.
"Well, first of all, you should know you're in the presence of the soon-to-be Secretary of State," Yu shares pointing at Ross. "We were just discussing some of his angles for his future run, given that he will oversee this whole task force," he explains.
Then Tony gives him a look like Rhodey's just told him his car got toed, his dog died and his wife just filed for the divorce after screwing the mail-man: utter pity.
Bruce nods and presses his lips in a thin smile. “And that’s a first,” he comments.
“Pepper, just, one more minute, please,” he mutters into his forearm.
"Ready for the raincheck on that dance?" Peggy asks, her voice amused and muffled in his chest.
"The central building is protected by some kind of energy shield," JARVIS informs them. "Strucker's technology is well beyond any other HYDRA base we've taken," he adds.
Rhodey gives that a thought but then just shrugs. “Nah, I didn’t feel anything like that. I was just confused, and pissed, but that’s it.”
"Oh— please," Tony starts scoffing but Clint's not buying his bullshit. "You're ridiculous," he mutters and he stands up, suddenly feeling like running from this conversation.
Steve watches him go feeling like every day he makes a choice to let Tony slip through his fingers.
"But, if you don't do your part, I can't do mine. And HYDRA can't give the world the freedom it deserves," Pierce adds, his eyebrows raised.
"No, it wasn't," one of them replies and it almost makes him grin.
Rhodey gets to the Tower by 5 PM and finds it completely remodeled. The darkened windows are clear and they show New York’s landscape in its bright blue-filled sky.
“Iraq,” Álvarez says, pressing on the ‘q’ like it’s poison. It makes Rhodey slightly sober.
Tony rolls his eyes. “Of course you’d say that,” he says but there’s no malice in his tone so Steve chuckles.
Tony’s mouth zips close and it’s adorable. There are thoughts in Steve’s head he’s completely locking up: about Tony and his golden-label experience. About Steve’s abysmal lack thereof.
‘The Richie Rich joke just got slightly funnier,’ Rhodey muses as he goes to the payphone in the train station. He dials the mansion’s number and waits for Jarvis’ British accent to come up.
"Seriously? How is it?" Tony asks.
Steve's turn is up and he stands. "Go ahead, Steve. No pressure," Tony says and Steve looks at Thor, almost defiant.
In his back, far to the left, he can hear the click of a gun. He smiles despite himself.
a favor? Try not to let Mom get eaten by the mysterious mist,” he asks and Howard sighs.
"I'm just saying..."
A world Steve might as well have built just because of him.
Tony frowns down at the floor. "Honestly, I'm still trying to figure out what happened to the first mouse," he says, ignoring Killian's little monologue.
Nick had said.
“So, Major, huh? Already?” Álvarez asks as soon as he sits.
He presses his fingertips on his eyes and then cleans the tears off his face, his head still down and he knows he’d be nursing a migraine right now if he could.
If Tony’s gonna throw himself at him every time he comes back from duties, Rhodey’s gonna have to do something about his back.
Tony just gives her another soothing smile. "No. You're my best friend. Everything will never be okay," he replies, grabbing her hands in his.
Rhodey shakes his head. "You keep calling him Barnes, but are we even sure they're the same guy?"
Him. His past self. The man he was before becoming just a carcass, a shell, a container of anything his holders wished to put in for them.
The house inside is crazy empty. Seems almost a phantom place. Rhodey spots a few staff members in the kitchen, with conflicted looks in their eyes. Then some six other people in the living room, all dressed in nice black suits and a Stark Industries pin.
did you justice," Pierce says, looking at his face, up and down.
"And— you're on the right side of things, Rhodes," he adds. "Chain of command, compromise— law and order. You'd do good not to forget that because the state that we're at," Ross moves his head to one side before he says, locking eyes with him: "The world can't afford to lose men like you. Soldiers like you."
Pepper bites her lower lip just to get it from making a pout. She’s known something was wrong for way too long, now.
He rolls over, runs a hand through his hair, and before he can try to see where Steve’s at, his phone rings in his pocket:
He doesn't advert his eyes from the man. Just stands and waits for his next order, other words mean nothing.
“Captain,” Álvarez supplies.
“We did it, Rhodes!” Tony shouts in his ear and Rhodey does a spin with Tony on his back.
"He’s been looking for you, too,” the man shares but Bucky adverts his eyes from him then. Going back to Nadejda far in the back, sweeping the street. “Do you want me to tell him where to find you?" he asks, but somehow it feels like he already knows the answer.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Traitor," Natasha whispers at the other woman's belly.
Or that’s what Tony was thinking about as he drove on, away from the one place he really wanted to be.
"Until we can find Ultron, I don't have a lot else to offer," Hill replies.
“Miss Carter, can you give me a moment alone with Master Stark?” Jarvis asks Peggy behind him, and she leaves giving Tony a sympathetic look, all her previous anger gone. “Anthony, look at me,” he asks and Tony drives his eyes back up. “I have sat and watched for the last five months as you waste yourself away with liquor and people who do not care about you. I will do so no more,” he begins to say but Tony’s panic gets the best out of him.
He closes his eyes and he sees it, crystal clear in his memory like no time has passed. The frozen horizon over the artic sea, with the sun looming in just right to give a perfect light to it.
“They’re not illegal, per se. Not that many casualties have happened, at least not on record, to make it so – it’s more of a medical recommendation not to do this, it’s not like getting an abortion though I’ve already seen groups pulling some BS about it, just like they do with abortion. I say it’s up to anyone who wants to go through it that’s whiling to accept this is a developing science and might come with a price,” she explains. “But if there’s nothing wrong with you, then, yes, I’d argue it might be your soulmate trying to get rid of their mark, and that resulting in your random loss of it,” she adds, looking at Rhodey.
“—Filthy,” Steve mutters, more worried than anything.
“Maybe I can just go over the garage and find a crowbar to jimmy that thing open,” she says, walking towards Tony’s lab downstairs.
"All our work is gone," Bruce announces after they've gathered in their lab. "Ultron cleared out. He used the Internet as an escape hatch", he adds.
They start shooting back at him in no time and he dodges their shots with ease.
Tony opens his mouth to refute but he realizes there's no point. "I mean— yeah. We just came back from a mission and I smelled like sweat and metal and, well, I wanna do this, Steve," he says, and he's moving towards him again, slowly.
“What do you want? A delivery date?” Tony asks, again, taking one step towards them before the rest of the other fifteen men point their guns at him. He stops, but so do they. “I need him,” he says. “Good assistant.”
I wrote this chapter some five or so months ago and re-reading its end now, knowning how Steve's canon story arc ends, well,
When he turns, Steve stands still, worried and angry at the TV.
Tony’s mouth twists as he frowns. “What’s the other one?”
"He's dead," Clint says, looking down at his hands holding the carrot.
But, he’s brought back from that terrible train of thought when he feels his phone vibrate in his pocket.
Out of the bar, with almost shaky steps, Tony appears, frown on his face. He looks slightly less dirty than the last time Steve saw him but just as disheveled and unrested. It makes Steve heart shrink a little.
Tony shrugs at that. "Nah, just had time to read me through like I'm some sort of open book and then made me feel bad about it," Tony says.
“Oh, the ‘Steve’ on your wrist?” says Happy, a little too excitedly.
“An office?” Rhodey wonders.
Ross extends his hand and Rhodey takes it. "Of course, Air Force best and brightest. War Machine," Ross acknowledges, but even in his compliment, Rhodey feels uneasy.
“грузовойвагон.”
"I just— I'm angry. I've been angry since last year and all I keep seeing is red whenever something doesn't go the way I want it to. The way I think it should," Steve keeps going, just looking at his hands. "And I know it feels like it's you who pisses me off— but it's not, okay? It's me, I'm the problem," he adds, this time turning to look at him.
on Tumblr and inkyubus & little_hawk395 over here!
“Wow,” she interrupts, not buying it.
“I believe I made you a promise for when all this was over,” Steve simply says.
In Pepper’s finger, an engagement ring shines brightly.
“So, you think you got the other diversity slot?” Álvarez wonders, boldly, sitting back on his own bed. Rhodey turns only to frown at him and then back to taking out his white pajama shirt. “I’m only asking ‘cause I’m certain that’s what they did with me,” he adds.
"It's about time I see you again, don't you think?" Peggy adds once Steve falls silent after she extends her offer for him to come over to her house in England.
"Really? You should be ashamed of yourself. You should take another lap," the guy replies, moving his hand around and turning his face a little. Then he turns back and says: "did you just take it? I assume you just took it."
"The Maximoff girl, she's working you, Stark," Fury says, trying to reassure him. "Playing on your fear."
Of Jarvis teaching him how to drive secretly in one of Howard’s model cars, with a pillow under his butt to give him more height, and teaching him how to shave even though Jarvis couldn’t grow facial hair anymore and his hands would shake a little.
“I’m just indifferent right now. You don’t respect yourself, so I know you don't respect me—”
Natasha blinks and looks back at him. "Yeah," she says, quietly. Quieter than he's ever heard her.
They settle at the compound two days after the battle in Sokovia and Tony's really glad that his teammates seem to finally embrace the need for a common shelter-slash-base of operations.
Fuck them. What do they know?
“You? School’s good?” he asks, but he only stops to look at him for twenty seconds.
He makes it back to the vault with his chest heaving, suffocated. He keeps playing back the face of the man and his shocked stare and pleading eyes.
was the first time he heard something like that.
For some heavenly, blessed reason, Rhodey calls him the second after.
“He is a spy. Captain, he's
Everyone inside is giving different kinds of orders and Steve just stuffs his hands in his pockets and admires the view.
Rhodey stumbles back into his stool, putting his hands on his face. “God, I’m—I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have done that. I’m drunk and I—”
Tony blinks. “Ok, let me get this straight, you’re upset ‘cause I didn't die?” he asks, trying to be funny.
But no. A soldier doesn't go down that easily.
“We need you to look this over, soon as possible,” Agent guy says, offering a special folder to him.
Tony gives him a courtesy nod before making his way towards and into his car, Bruce waves him once more and off they ride. Steve stands there for a minute before his brain starts working regularly again.
She puts a strand of hair behind her ear. “I can get them for you and give it to Gina,” she offers. “You don’t find this stuff just anywhere,” she adds with a shy smile.
She runs her hands through Tony's hair before she pulls him to her chest in a hug. “I don’t know why you keep insisting on facing this stuff on your own,” Pepper says, rubbing his back.
"Colonel, are you aware of the events that transpired here in Washington two days ago?" Ross asks this time, from his right side.
“Quentin Beck.”
“Jury’s out,” Tony barely addresses him. “You really have got a lid on it, haven't you? What's your secret? Mellow jazz? Bongo drums? Huge bag of weed?” he asks Banner.
"These are smaller agents," Tony points out to Thor.
Tony frowns at Rhodey's response and tilts his head. "I thought you just got here from abroad. And you always take a few days to get back to me after you've cleared with the big guys in Washington," Tony says. "Plus, there's a weird look on your eyes right now, like you're half-here, half-somewhere else," he adds, taking steps towards him.
“I—no. Obviously not,” Allen says, after a tired sigh. Rhodey hits the gas. “What if he ends up hurting people later, Jim?" he asks, a few minutes later, as he looks through the window. "Have you thought of that?”
"Rhodey!" Hill shouts from somewhere and Tony moves on the floor to grab a fork for Fondue lying on a table.
“Stark, these things are still coming!” he explains, looking up to the skies.
It’s good to know his training comes in handy for his own benefit now.
Hell, he has to do it again just to check for certain. It's for science.
It makes Steve feel like shit for having to break that happiness, eventually.
"None of that was in the schematics we launched," Tony cuts in.
"It's fine, Steve. If it's such a big deal for you, I can eat right now, I just don't want—"
He puts his flying suit, with his brand new Second Lieutenant insignia, in his bag. And with a big smile on his face, he takes the flight to Pueblo, Colorado.
“What? No, no,” Tony begins, standing up.
“Are you serious?” Tony still asks and Steve actually laughs.
“Wow,” he says.
“A machine.”
Allen gives him a look before sighing and readjusting on his seat, so he can lean in closer to Rhodey across the desk. "Listen, Jim, I was here. Last week— it was pretty scary stuff. I told Helen to stay home for three days because I didn't wanna risk her and Hannah," he says, concerned.
“Thank you for proving a point there,” he jokes even though she doesn’t get it. There’s a beep at her back and the smell hits Tony’s nose with familiarity. “Oh, is that Moroccan coffee? Wait... no, Colombian,” he points.
“Agent Romanoff, would you escort Dr. Banner back to his—”
again.
“What about you? How come you still a Cap?” He asks, intending to be playful, but Álvarez looks down, and his smile turns sad.
“Just the weekend?” Tony asks, his eyebrows high.
Steve lets her reach out before he pulls her into a hug, as tight as he imagines she can take.
Steve thought he didn't savor the win enough.
“Strong metabolism, remember?”
"We're not doing anything here, tonight, whatever— what I meant to say is, we can try. Later, after all this is done. I think it's time," Steve says and it's the sweetest way anyone's ever promised sex to Tony.
They get Loki on handcuffs and surrendered in no time and then Tony’s repeating his idea again.
He sees the new cars, new computers (“And that’s a laptop, sir”), new clothes and even new food.
Rhodey gives him once glance and then turns away.
me?” Tony asks sarcastically and Steve lets out a breathy laugh. Tony then draws a soft smile and leans on the bar table. “Not that I’m complaining but why exactly are you here?” he asks.
Then Tony realizes maybe Maya hadn't calculated how crazy Killian actually was.
“That's because it is a miniaturized Arc Reactor. I got a big one powering my factory at home. It should keep the shrapnel out of my heart,” Tony explains.
Someday, Jimmy will touch the sky.
“And bodyguard—”
"The chance of Mister Stark surviving without my aid is of 24.6%," JARVIS declares.
Handsome, rich Tony. Coughing up blood in his arms.
"— saved New York?"
“I mean, if you’re right, and he was brainwashed—can you really hold someone accountable for their actions if they had their brains smushed?” Rhodey muses, but he’s not looking at Tony.
Then, far in the back of the room, he sees the Scepter.
The woman blinks at him and slowly wets her lips. “I am sorry, Mister Stark, but do you actually believe I’m qualified for this position?” she questions, her eyes almost glaring.
Rhodey presses his lips together in a line. “How would I know? I don’t have a soulmate, remember?”
“Not science. Magic,” Tony replies, giving Vision a look, something between wonder and uncertainty.
An hour later he takes off his jacket and puts it on a chair, still watching other people work and go on about their days.
NO CHAPTER WARNINGS FOR THIS ONE. (I'm still looking for beta readers, btw)
“Lab's all set up, boss,” Maria Hill says. Speaking of people he was surprised to see working with him.
“I am sure you have questions, there’s an apartment with your name in this building,” he says, handing him a piece of paper with an address in Brooklyn. “In there you will find a package with information on everything you missed,” he instructs.
Tony shrugs. "Well, yeah. We can't just go out there looking two-years-ago. That'd piss off Joan River's ghost," he says.
“Obie,” Tony grunts, after the man gives him a –far too hard – pat on the back. He rolls his hand up and squeezes his shoulders.
"What is it?" Peggy asks, once Steve sits in silence beside her in the couch.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve starts to say something but Tony just groans and looks down. “I didn’t mean to say that—ugh.” Tony rubs a hand against his temple. “Damn, does this ever get old?” he mutters, looking to the left.
“Hey, Dad,” Tony says again, his hand — half raised— waving slightly. Howard doesn’t turn from his papers, instead grabs another pile and starts digging through them. “So, you good?” he tries, the awkward silence slowly deafening.
"JARVIS is intangible, he is incorruptible. He won't do anything he's not programmed to," Tony explains, like he's talking about basic sums.
“I know. I wanted to,” Tony’s quick to say, taking a few steps back, back into the main room. “Are you sure you like it, though? I don’t even know if you like the color blue,” he says, pointing at the walls.
His memory tingles with deja-vu, his wrist itches with sheer panic. “Stark, you know that's a one-way trip?” Steve asks, softly, because there’s nothing else he can do or say.
“Are you sure you were expecting me?” Steve asks, his brow furrowed.
“GaTech,” Álvarez corrects.
Barnes trained at Camp McCoy in Wisconsin and rose to the rank of Sergeant. He served under the 107th Infantry Regiment of the Army and was captured by HYDRA along fellow soldiers in 1943.
Ross' eyes sparkle in a sketchy way and Rhodey's never wanted to leave a room so quickly before.
A very pregnant woman appears out of a different room and raises her eyebrows at Clint.
“What about you? Our new threat?” Tony asks, pouring the mix into tiny cups with straws.
his country, do some actual good in the world.
Tony looks at him for a second before he pouts. "Actually, Clint seems to think neither of us is the problem. It's this thing," Tony says before he can think better, as he raises his wrist a little.
“Hell yes, unconditional surrender,” he answers. “Taking down Hydra was a big part of that. But the world hasn’t changed all that much, there’s still a lot of work to be done; a soldier’s work,” he says, slowly, almost rehearsed. “The world can still use a man like you, Cap,” he adds, extending a hand for him to grab and shake, which he does. “There’s a place here for you,” he offers, but all that’s been ringing in his ears is seventy years.
“I guess we'll find out,” Tony trails, going back to his spot.
"Oh, you really hit the jackpot with him, didn't you?" Tony sarcastically tells Natasha, looking at Clint make a mess of himself with his food.
“Yeah, she knows her way around,” Bruce replies.
“Good evening, Captain. Welcome back,” the computer’s voice that runs Tony's tower greets him inside the elevator.
Álvarez blinks once but then he half-opens his mouth to say something, struggles to find his words and then closes it.
Suddenly, Natasha relaxes as she goes: "Well, you seem pretty chipper for someone who just found out they died for nothing," she says, trying to dig through his emotional state, now.
Pepper smiles widely and her eyes are almost wet. “Thanks, guys,” she says. “Actually, now that you’re all together, I thought I’d let Tony give you all the other good news,” she says, then she looks at Tony, who’s blinking in confusion. “It’s ready, Tony,” she says.
"Recall that? A hostile alien army came charging through a hole in space. We're standing 300 feet below it," Tony speaks. "We're the Avengers. We can bust arms dealers all the livelong day, but that up there? That's the endgame. How do you guys plan on beating that?" Tony asks them, and Steve knows his heart is on his sleeve.
Aideed had perpetrated an attack on a Pakistani convoy, killing twenty-four soldiers and wounding another forty-four. Making himself the UN’s —and the US’s—top priority on African soil as of 1993.
He's just been staring at the back of Tony's head.
"No— It's fine, Renata, you can go home," he says, trying to remain casual.
He's part of something bigger, he knows.
“Bye,” Maya tells them.
“Alright, that’s it, hi,” Tony says, stepping in to stand next to Rhodey. “I’m Rhodey’s best friend. Who are you?” he asks, offering his hand.
," Steve says and Tony looks at him for a second, then smiles, in an apology. Steve just rolls his eyes.
“That’s risky! At least let me get you a hazmat suit—” he says a little stained, out of breath as Pepper finishes taking her way down.
"It says here that Barnes was drafted," Rhodey points out.
With a choked up noise, his eyes pop open. The noise makes Rhodey jump on his chair and Pepper run up to him.
Steve’s smile disappears from his face and Tony lets out an almost suffocated chuckle.
“Worse things have happened, I think we're gonna be fine,” he says and then tries again a couple of more times ‘til he gets some 1000 bucks after losing the triple of that.
"Stay down, kid," Steve warns after he hit the Maximoff kid with his shield.
"You know Ultron is trying to tear us apart, right?" Tony asks, taking a step towards him.
Rhodey turns back to him then. "And we can just trust people nowadays, right? It's not like Nazis have infiltrated the country— and even positions of power within it," Rhodey adds, his hand slightly raised at Yu.
Little did Rhodey imagine the news channels would love him so much.
He was getting better at kissing Steve without having a near cardiac arrest every time. All Tony had to do was keep practicing.
His mother sighs and places her hands on his shoulder, rubbing. “He’s your father. And it’s Christmas time. So, let’s not do this, okay?” she asks and Tony gets it.
"What about López?" Rhodey asks.
And pissed.
“So, what
“Really? They want me in a submerged pressurized metal container?” the Doctor asks humorously and then they take a look.
"Look, it's been a really long day," Tony interrupts him. "Like Eugene O'Neill long, so how's about we skip to the part where you're useful."
Bruce turns from his computer. "He had a self-constructed learning spiral," he says.
Tony keeps walking ahead until he finds what seems to be a garage. A massive one.
"Yes, there was," Tony says, then he uses his phone to show the rest of them.
“Ain’t nothing respectable about being a homosexual,” Andrews adds, but Rhodey’s heard this enough times to be sick of it.
"I do. I have you," Fury says, his arms open. "Back in the day, I had eyes everywhere. Ears, everywhere else. You kids had all the tech you could dream up," he says, taking a few steps. "Here we all are, back on Earth, with nothing but our wit and our will to save the world."
“Yes, I'm not even sure what country Jane's in,” Thor says, his eyes closing a bit. Maria and Rhodey exchange a look. “Her work on the Convergence has made her the world's foremost astronomer,” Thor adds.
“I have to go,” Tony says. “My pilot will be here to take you home any minute,” he adds, walking towards the door.
The man gathers himself up and does something he would only classify as crazy: helps him out.
He didn’t count on
before Rhodey kills the line. At least it makes him go to dinner with a big smile on his face.
But this whole thing just screamed fuck-up.
"Yeah, give him time," Tony says, bending to grab his own pieces. "We don't know what the Maximoff kid showed him," he adds, looking at him.
With a lie.
“Well, you’re one to talk, Miss Bride-to-be,” Tony pokes her arm and Pepper raises her hand to show her ring, posing.
Barnes doesn't pose a threat to him.
“It was my grandmother’s,” she says, a hint of annoyance in her voice.
Something in his gut squirms with familiarity. Like he's been saved by this man before.
Rhodey takes a few steps towards his subordinate and sighs. “Listen, let’s do this: I’ll pay him a visit and we’ll see for ourselves if he’s a threat or not. If I see him as anything more than some scared cat in hiding, I’ll bring him in. Deal?”
It’s almost five days before IFT is over when Rhodey's once again faced with conversations he'd really rather not have.
“Gee, I wonder why you hired him,” Rhodey remarks, making a face at Tony.
"Oh, alright, sure," Clint says, moving to stand, and everyone chuckles. Clint grins and then turns to Steve, too.
“You know, we might be more productive if you include me in the planning process,” the man says, kneeling beside him.
The thought of giving up the Avengers scares him. Scares him more than anything he's ever been scared about.
"He's still not my boyfriend," Tony cuts in, after one shake of his head.
to their soulmate?” he asks.
“I thought I told Fury you weren’t Avengers material,” she comments, when she’s near enough.
"Right. Don't want people to go thinking you're a gold digger or something," Sam tries again to lighten the mood but Steve's laugh falls a little flat.
Tony moves back to his scan of the scepter and shows Bruce: “Meet the competition.”
“Stark Tower is about to become a beacon of self-sustaining clean energy,” Tony says, glad to have finally finished his latest project.
"No, no, it's much more than that," Thor says.
Lieutenant O’Conner appears in the room and all of them move swiftly to salute. “What are you all still doing here? Go back to your rooms, it’s almost 1900,” he orders and they all scatter in a poof.
“No—“ Steve cuts in, and presses on his floor instead.
“I can’t wait to keep looking into it,” Tony says, his eyes completely lost on the staff.
Tony just sits and looks at him.
He can see everyone laughing and dancing and eating and having not a single care in the world while he's there, disturbed and in pain.
“Well, I
(See the end of the chapter for
He gets thrown on the floor with sharp ferocity. It’s the sixth time.
Tony stares at the footage in front of him and takes a deep breath, bites his lip as memories of Howard’s endless speeches about the holy greatness of Captain America, all while he remained too busy to even play ball with Tony, flash in his mind and make his stomach twist.
"On your left," Steve says because he's in the mood to be a little shit.
And then Tony just lets out a chuckle and he fights laughter.
Steve blinks slowly and changes his tone: "Is that what this is? You're afraid of me dying?"
Tony rolls his eyes. "Oh, God, no. You're gonna have to do that on your own, buddy," he says and Steve laughs, closes the notepad and sits next to Tony.
Tony doesn't even hesitate as he speaks to the cameras and microphones. There's only the thought of Happy lying on a bed, fighting for his life, in his head.
Hydra wasn't dead. It was more alive and in power than ever and Steve would feel like crying for three days straight if it wasn't for the fact that he was pissed and ready to punch people.
What he is, is pissed.
"Whatever. Just call me," Rhodey says before he goes into the elevator and up to the common floor again, to suit up.
Rhodes rolls his eyes. “Please, don’t be ridiculous, as if being the obnoxious one isn’t
“That was an old S.H.I.E.L.D. project that I had that—never saw the light; you don’t need to worry about it. As for Iron Man,” Nick says, taking a deep breath. “Tony’s—kinda of a complicated man, hard to read at first sight, but deep down I know his heart’s in the right place, and I know that when I call him, ‘cause I need him to fight, he’ll be there,” Nick explains. “I know you must be eager to meet him but the time isn’t right yet,” he adds, and Steve fakes a deeper frown.
"Wait. I know that guy," Tony says, pointing at him. He can't remember his name but he knows there was an accent. "From back in the day. He operates off the African coast," he says, looking over at the files. "Black market arms," he adds.
And just how much he really doesn’t like
“—atmosphere,” Tony finishes. “And yeah, to get re-inspired. Yeah,” he says, pointing at Steve with his finger. “I need a change of scenery.”
"That's exactly what we used to do," Pepper says simply, and Maya bites her lip. "So, don't judge yourself," she adds.
“Even more powerful,” Tony responds, raising his eyebrows.
Steve nods with a frown. “Right. Nevermind being a good businessman,” he replies, snarkily.
Pierce shows up a little later after that; he's already managed to calm himself up just so he can maybe get a few answers.
Tony taps on his keyboard and goes: "Well, it's tragic," he finishes. Then he takes out a flash drive from one of the computers and hands it to Rhodey. "There you go," he says, handing it to Rhodey.
Rhodey stands and waits for Ross to go over to him.
He rolls the sleeve of his shirt up and Tony nearly yanks his arm off by pulling it to inspect. “What the hell happened?” he asks and Rhodey sighs.
His mother hasn’t finished opening the door of the apartment before Rhodey’s launching himself at her.
“Uhm, ябълки," the man replies in poor Bulgarian as he turns his eyes just barely to look at Bucky.
Next thing, he's having Pepper rightfully scream at him and Rhodey calling him on the phone from a foreign number to also do more yelling.
“I know guys with none of that worth ten of you,” he says, almost spitting. Up close, his icy blue eyes seem colder. “I've seen the footage. The only thing you really fight for is yourself,” he says. The words sting on his wrist but the burning hate on his gut is all too familiar. “You're not the guy to make the sacrifice play, to lay down on a wire and let the other guy crawl over you,” he adds. Tony hasn’t even blinked, he won’t cower from the stare now.
“Buddy, you don’t even know. I came to the house to run away from reporters; it’s like they’re coming for my blood,” Tony says, whispering. “How are you, Captain?” he asks and Rhodey closes his eyes, almost ashamed.
“Whatever. You just got shitty taste,” he says. Álvarez smiles and then goes into the bathroom. In the sudden quietness of the room, Rhodey remembers the missing part of him.
“Oh, right, we’ll just wait ‘til Doctor Banner can help us track our guy before we need you to step into the action,” Nick tells him.
Tony slides up to sit against the armrest and answer the call and in no time he has Pepper’s upset holographic face in front of his. “Hey,” he mumbles, yawning.
Stiff, silent, he is. Steve takes a deep breath and feels like he might start to cry any minute before the Hulk shouts and Tony springs back to consciousness. Steve’s chest uncurls.
“I think you got a lot of my weapons,” Tony mutters at the bearded man’s face.
Pepper narrows her eyes at her. "Maya, do you have somewhere you're staying?"
He knocks on the door once and waits a few seconds, no reply. He tries the handle and it moves open.
"Any help from up high?" Steve asks him.
Bruce chuckles at that, gives in and goes back to work.
However as soon as he goes back to the top level, it’s the old ones he's facing.
“Nice to meet you,” Rhodey says, to put the moment behind them, but he’s still smiling.
"Uh-huh, on my left. Got it," the stranger mutters back and it makes Steve chuckle. He takes another full lap and as he's coming close to the stranger again, the guy feels him come over. "Don't say it. Don't you say it," he says, pressing on his run a little.
“Thank you; I'll call you,” Maya tells their weird fan, getting out, too.
"Take my credit card, here," Rhodey hands it to him. "Go back to the Pentagon. Tell them I'm getting all this done," he explains, getting the suitcase out.
This was yet another victory, after all.
"Sir. He's— he's unstable. Erratic," he hears one of them explain the current situation.
Rhodey keeps watching the footage of Tony's wrecked mansion, shaking his head. "Colonel Rhodes," Vice President Rodriguez calls and Rhodey turns to him. "I just got off the phone with AIM. The Patriot will be ready to fly in thirty minutes," he explains.
When he turns back to face Natasha, she's giving him one of those cryptic, devious looks* of her. "You're a terrible liar," Natasha says, the corner of her mouth drawn up.
“Oh, and I’m supposed to?” Rhodey asks, trying to put his hand on his chest with the suit.
that?” Rhodey says, asking and Tony’s head pops up like a cartoon.
He’s tired of fighting sometimes, too.
“No, no, it’s fine, it’s fine,” Tony assures, not knowing any better. Because now that Steve was here, he might as well talk to him.
“Enjoy being alone for the rest of the weekend, son,” he simply says, before walking out the room.
The first thing Tony does when he wakes up is move his hands. Well, he tries to, anyway, because he can't. He's tied up.
“Artificial Intelligence, honeybear,” Tony says, his arms wide open.
“Good evening,” comes a robotic voice from the…ceiling— or is it the walls? Rhodey stands still with his hands and legs tensed up, ready for an explosion to go off behind his back.
“You'll be made of you, Mr. Barton,” Helen assures. “Your own girlfriend won't be able to tell the difference,” she says.
A big, blond guy with a cape laughs out loud. “
“Well, anywhere they need me,” Rhodey trails, his voice dropping a note.
“The Vision's artificial intelligence,” Steve points.
“I absolutely did, yes.”
“Captain America,” Rhodey finishes for Tony, who gives him a look filled with meaning. “That much I gathered. Colonel James Rhodes,” Rhodey introduces himself and the Captain raises his eyebrows.
“I wouldn’t have done that if you had told me sooner—” Tony begins but Pepper shoots him a look, like she’s about to open holes in his head. “Not that I’m saying it’s your fault—”
Reviews make me write faster
Tony hmms and takes a deep breath and then grabs Steve's face, hands on both of his cheeks, and pulls him to kiss him softly before moving to sit on top of him again.
But then he hears metal clanking and turns, everyone else looking too.
Tony sits upright with a force that nearly makes him fall down again. “Holy shit, what?!”
"Is it?" Hill asks. "If it was my mission— world peace, I'd probably take out Strucker too," she adds.
“Sure, but can’t make any promises on the latter,” he says, grabbing the bag he got and taking it to the kitchen. Jarvis is nowhere in sight so Tony just goes, opens the bottle of scotch and takes one big sip before going to his father’s office.
Steve smiles widely in near awe.
He rubs a thumb through the thin lines of his flesh arm and licks his lips. James was him, but it wasn't. Not really.
Steve talks to Peggy over the phone after that first night every day for an entire week, only for half hour, about little things, when she asks him to visit her.
“You know I defy government officials on a monthly basis, right? Avoiding Captain America would be as easy as reading the paper online,” Tony says, going over to serve himself his first drink. “Last call, you’re joining or not?”
And suddenly Steve realizes he hasn't had a proper meal in at least two days.
“That
Tony sighs in reply. “It’s better if we celebrate in person, Rhodey. All this has been— overwhelming, to say the least. I could really use my wingman,” he says, his voice turning down.
Steve gave a vague shrug. “It really only bothered me one time, if I’m being honest.”
good,” Tony mutters, giving him half a hug as he crashes his forehead against Rhodey’s chest.
“I got a mark, Tones,” Rhodey says and that’s not what Tony expected.
"No, go ahead," Steve says, shrugging.
“Help— help my wife. Please. Help,” the man pleads in English. He grabs him by the hair and pulls him up. The man looks at him with shock and he finds something vaguely familiar in the brown of his eyes.
Tony tries not to roll his eyes at the sense Bruce makes. “Well—I don’t need to know him, alright?” he says, shaking his head a little.
Natasha scoffs and her entire face burrows in almost a comical way. "I have no idea what you're talking about," she says.
It all happens in a messy, fast blur, like most bad, catastrophic things. One minute he's talking about the Maxim models experience of last year, laughing with a couple of young American soldiers, the next he's watching them die on him, getting fucking exploded to kingdom come.
With shaky hands he grabs the phone and dials the number listed on the paper and holds his breath, his heartbeat rising with expectation.
. “Son of a bitch.”
Steve looks at him and lets a few tears roll down his eyes. This is all too much.
Cap is a quick learner, then.
And that's all he wants to do for now.
“I wasn't. I just wanted to make sure you have a good company, and as far as I’m concerned, that guy ain’t it,” Tony explains.
"Don't tell Rhodey you said that, by the way," Tony says after the kiss, bringing Steve back a little from his head. "He's a bit of a puritan, says only the original trilogy is worth watching," Tony adds, waving a hand off.
Allen does a little pout at that and Rhodey suddenly remembers that's not public knowledge. "Really? Cap and Iron Man?" he asks, a pitch too high.
He thrusts one, two, three, four - onetwothreefourfivesix times again before Tony has to stop to breathe again.
“At the Pentagon, right?” he interrupts his father. “Don’t worry, you’re gonna love the Christmas menu at the commissary,” he tells his mother, all fake smiles.
"Oh, yeah. General Thaddeus Ross, he was at the meeting," Rhodey explains.
He’s flying.
This one is also fairly short again, considering how long I took (again) to update. Again, I'll let you know that I've written plenty chapters ahead so the story is not near of being abandoned, in case any of you ever fears that. It's all a matter of getting the chapters properly clean before I publish. For your sake and my mental well-being.
He's too busy losing his goddamned mind.
“Stark, you copy that?” Fury says.
Tony nods slowly just once and then they go raid the minibar he hasn’t finished assembling on the corner of the room. Then they talk and cry until midnight. It’s the best sleep Rhodey’s got in a year and a half.
Tony tilts his head. "Not anymore, no. It's just sensitive— ticklish," he says, almost smiling.
Allen raises his eyebrows at him as he gets up. "Good luck, sir," he says.
He knows once he leaves he won’t say goodbye. He can’t afford to. So he doesn’t say anything.
He’s been flipping through pages when he catches something interesting. Tony sits upright and looks better at the computer screen. “Holographic illusion technology, hmmm…”
“It's a stabilizing agent,” Tony answers, loudly. “—I’m just saying, pick a weekend, I’ll fly you to Portland. Keep love alive,” he mutters to Agent guy, back on their topic. Agent guy excuses himself and goes over to the side.
“This is urgent—”
"You've been busy," Rhodey comments, looking at what seems to be the Avengers' new and improved gadgets.
“It was quite the buzz around here, finding you in the ice,” Agent Romanoff addresses him, with a friendly manner, as she begins to walk. “I thought Coulson was gonna swoon. Did he ask you to sign his Captain America trading cards yet?” she adds, as they’re making the war around the carrier.
love.
Peggy hadn't been his soulmate, but he had wished for it over and over again since he saw her knock Hodge off his dumb ass the first time they met.
“Of course I’ll miss you, Tony,” he says. “Are you sure you have to leave right now?”
Aaand as an early birthday present, you should leave a comment :)
"I know," Cap replies. Then there's a whiff of air and he adds, a little panting: "Just slipped out."
"He showed up to my party late," Tony sniffs, "Later than fashionably late. That's rude."
gotta mke a gd ntrnc
But Tony looks like Christmas came early with the chance to tease Steve. “He’s been on the show before, and I haven’t, as you know. He liked it well enough last time that he actually now religiously watches it, and all but begged me to come here.”
"Come on," Steve says. "There's no way you're not sleeping within the next hour."
the normal one.”
real?”
“Tony?” Steve asks, before he catches Tony’s gaze to his wrist. He immediately turns away his wrist and tenses. “Tony.”
And with that, Steve closes out of the livestream, knowing that it’ll still stay up for the next 24 hours. He closes the laptop, and his phone. When he’s certain everything has been turned off, he sinks back into the sofa and laughs. And laughs, tapering off into a soft chuckle that he tries to hide by covering his face with his hands, as if that would muffle the sound.
“But in all seriousness, I probably should thank the idiot for being the reason I took the role. Thanks Stevie,” Tony says, smirking. “I also have to thank the entire cast and crew of Centre of the World for being absolute gems of human beings and for supporting the movie and I this entire process of awards season. This couldn’t that been possible without any of you, least of all Director Peggy Carter and our lovely producers and writing team, the Howlies. The six of you deserve this award just as much as I do, you know. I’d like to also thank the two lovely ladies in my life, my mother and the fabulous Pepper Potts, for being ever so supportive and helpful. Thank you so much.” He winks, running a hand through his hair and walking off the stage as the music plays him out.
"Blasphemy."
Still no Rogers, and Tony’s disappointed his system has lied to him. He eyes the newly freed, bloodless stool right near the handsome bartender and decides he can use a drink. Tony orders and watches the bartender do a double take, rolling his eyes.
This is Captain America.
"Well, we are headed towards your bedroom," Steve says as the elevator doors open and he steps in. "For something that's probably better for you than sex."
“Um.” Steve looks directly into the camera. “Short answer, no.”
Rogers makes his way over with a smirk, not noticing Tony yet. He laughs casually as he gives the bartender a good natured grin. “Rafi,” he admonishes with a roll of his eyes as he slides sideways in the space between two bar patrons. He leans against the counter with his back to Tony, arm on the table and propping up the left side of his face, still oblivious, and jokingly chides, “Y'know, one of these days you should stop tellin' people to come an' find me. I might start carin' an' chargin' ya for somethin' or another.”
“You didn’t answer the question,” Tony says after a second.
A comment pops up on the screen that throws him off. He knows that everyone can tell that he’s been thrown off, and what exactly caused that. Steve knows it’s nothing to be ashamed of, and
"Yes."
He pauses when he hears Tony’s footsteps right behind him, but tries to focus anyway. Lucky for him, the camera’s angled just so that the top 3/4 of anyone who walks in behind him and the sofa won’t be caught by it. Which Steve had thought would be enough, when he had planned for Tony possibly coming back early (even though the chances would be extremely slim).
“Hey Tony,” Steve says. “I have to—”
isn't also the best for anyone's lust levels, so he doesn't know yet.
Tony doesn't give anything away, though he knows that doesn't work. "Don't tell me you don't want to fuck him," he bluntly says. Both of them look like they're considering it, and he knows he's won that point.
Tony smiles and says goodbye to the latest couple and then goes to find Steve, who he thinks might make this night less painful.
No one registers who he is here, and if they do, they don’t care. At all. It’s pretty refreshing, actually, and today’s been the kind of day he’d love to drink here, but unfortunately, he’s on a  mission, no matter how self-imposed. The bartender takes one good look at him and probably jumps to the conclusion that like a few of the non-regulars here, he’s a higher middle class, middle-aged man with a midlife crisis that brought him here. He already starts prepping a drink for Tony, something stereotypical, but Tony keeps walking ahead, trying to find Rogers while ignoring all the stares he’s getting. It’s obvious that none of the other middle-aged patrons—ah he suddenly realizes he’s wearing a goddamn suit—venture this far in, where inhibitions are lowered and there’s no such thing as dancing, just sex upright.
"Nope," Clint says, popping the p and somehow managing to grin over a glass of champagne. Classy, and so much unlike Clint. "We all know your favorites are Bruce and Steve. Because of sex and science."
Tony walked around the bench, movements still imbued with both Tony’s natural elegance and a controlled madness that set Steve on edge. “What does it take you to
"I didn't think you were the type to play chicken, Rogers. If I win, I feel like you should go find this guy.”
“Don’t,” he says shakily, blowing out his breath in a vain attempt to steady his voice. He knows it’s futile to pretend that he’s okay under the weight of this stupid Oscar and the weight of his mother, but he tries anything. Steve ends up staring blankly at the Oscar. “Please don’t. I can’t.”
“I wasn’t ever in the closet, per se,” Steve argues, furrowing his eyebrows. “Everyone’s been speculating on me since my first movie. Well, maybe just Tumblr and wishful thinking, but whatever. I really, really don’t care. I just wish it could have been ours for a little longer.”
(god, he almost wishes JARVIS hadn’t found the file and the video, and he almost wishes Natasha hadn’t mentioned noticing something for a second, a little too late) and Steve fighting the Winter Soldier and someone having dragged Steve out of the Potomac.
Steve and Tony nod, though Steve shrugs nonchalantly. “Yeah,” he says, “With the exception of the two of us, everyone else is breaking their blackout silence tomorrow. The two of us can’t keep our mouths shut though, so we’re tonight.” He glances at Tony and catches the shameless grin on Tony’s face.
are you doing here?” Rogers growls, all but trapping Tony, back up against the closest wall from the stairs. The suit just might be a lost cause at this point if the wall is as
"That I'm gay? Yes," Steve dryly says.
He didn't know what to say. He couldn't say anything, not when Steve was there and so pale like a ghost and straddling the line of death and—
for once in your life?” Expressive brown eyes locked in on his, boring a hole right though Steve with how fierce they were. Fierce and angry, two qualities that never failed to make Tony about a hundred times hotter than he already was in Steve’s mind. Steve was going to melt into the floor, acting and scene be damned.
“So why me, why tonight?” Kat asks, unaware that she had opened a can of worms that Steve had tried so hard to close just hours before with Tony. He hides his wince as best he can.
, Steve sighs. "Also because I'm technically a SHIELD agent. Just on undetermined leave."
The next time Tony steps foot in Steve’s hospital room, Steve’s awake, propped up in his hospital bed, and staring at the ceiling like it has something written on it. He looks mostly healed, though his face still has a little bit of purpling and bruising that’s concerning, and his arms and everything else that’s visible out of the covers look a little beat up. Mostly healed. There are still some of Bruce’s elephant-rhinoceros-horse painkillers hooked up to Steve, but just enough that Tony wonders if they’re actually taking the edge off for Steve, or not even that.
“No less a victim than my parents and Jarvis,” Tony merely shrugs, trying to play it off, trying not to show anything, and Stark men are made of iron, they don’t cry,
"Both of them are married to their jobs. And Hill's the type to hook up and dump anyway." This, Tony did not need to know.
“No, I’m really curious,” Tony says. Steve looks at him again briefly.
Steve's eyes darken with a challenge, and the smirk (only this time it knows something, but what?) returns like it never disappeared into a light smile. He glances in the direction of the clock again, but doesn't seem to lay any attention to it as he looks at Tony again. "You're the genius billionaire playboy philanthropist, you tell
They stand in silence for a bit as Tony looks over at the footage again until Steve says, “I saw that, by the way.” Tony glances over at him with a quirked eyebrow. “Back at Peggy’s. I saw it on the news,” he adds.
“Doctor,” JARVIS replies.
“Uh-huh, or you'll be suiting up like the rest of us,” Tony says, asks.
“I always miss you when I’m left alone with Tony. You’re my back up,” he jokes, comically raising his eyebrows and Pepper lets out a light chuckle. “Where is he today anyway?” Rhodey asks then. Taking another sip of his coffee, the headache smoothly beginning to wear off.
"This is a smokescreen. Why send a message when you've just given a speech?" Natasha wonders.
“Phil! Come in,” Pepper greets back, a smile on her face.
“I believe not, sir,” Jarvis answers, following his tracks.
General Gabriel looks to the other side before going back to Rhodey. “It’s been three months without a single indication that Stark’s even alive. We can’t keep risking assets, least of all you,” he says.
“I think that’s exactly what he needs,” Rhodey shoots, clicking the doors of his rental truck open. “He needs a chance to get his head right, then he’ll come around to get the help he needs, and that’s when we’ll be able to work with him. It’s the only way this all will work out.”
“Doctor?” the Captain pushes.
“Yeah, and you— need to wear yours inside the house?”
Rhodey wets his lower lip. "It's not that I don't like him, it's just— he had this whole, odd way of going on about it, like, he said 'this is the age of freaks'. What's that about? Then there's all his history with Dr. Banner and—"
“It's like calisthenics. You might have missed a couple things, you know, doing time as a Capsicle,” Tony explains, all a little too condescendingly.
But he knows they both mean something.
“Stark, we need a plan of attack!” the Captain yells at him, somewhere between an order and a request.
In the middle of the Afghan desert, Tony stands like an imposing statue; looking even bigger than he is with his Armani suit and Carrera sunglasses.
“How does it look?” Pepper asks.
Tony nods. “Sure. You got an e-mail or something?” he says and they all scoff laughs.
Yu nods at Ross and opens the folder.
"I'm going after him," Rhodey says, turning on his heels to get on working.
And she was just a kid, in the end.
It feels like life and death at the same time.
Peggy summarizes for him all her relationship with Howard post Steve's death, how she founded SHIELD with him and all the adventures she got up before she finally reached her retirement at 76.
“Iron Man,” she says, turning back to look at the tower building behind her. “A lot of people eat here just to see him fly by,” she adds.
Pepper scoffs a fake a laugh. “Well, for starters, I don’t think that’s any of your business but if you must know, I’m not interested in him,” she says, taking a step closer to Tony. “I don’t know what the hell kind of idea Happy got but he’s way off. And I’m not comfortable having both of you check up on me like I’m some sort of five-year old,” she adds, her eyes stern.
“I’m sorry, that’s my friend James Rhodes. He’s a rocket scientist, too,” Tony introduces. Rhodey only waves slightly, waiting for her to keep talking.
Steve turns to him and tries his best not to glare. "Okay," he says.
He just pictured thirteen different ways of causing Rogers permanent harm and now he was gonna crush after him? Pepper was right, something was seriously wrong with him.
In the meantime, please know that I have at least four chapter written ahead of this one so the only thing truly stopping me from updating at a reasonable pace is the fact that I try to get them beta'd before I publish. Sometimes I don't succeed, like this time.
,” his coward of a handler calls, gun just above his shoulder. “Get me out of here,” he commands. In the back of his head something –someone—dreams of leaving him there for dead. Let his vicious comrades have a go at their creator.
Pepper gives him a soft look. “I’m glad you’re doing good. Happy’s a good look on you,” she says.
“Well, I hope I'm the man for the job,” Steve says.
"Oh, yeah. It's a word in an African dialect meaning 'thief'," Bruce shares, fixing his glasses. "In a much less friendly way," he adds.
Steve’s brow furrows. “Why didn’t you mention it? Why didn’t you say something?” he asks, sounding like Tony’s the one who kept things.
Allen sits quietly and reads then throws the folder back on the desk with a face. "Ok, so. There's definitely something fishy, I'll give you that," he says.
“It's American business—”
“Where's this coming from?” Natasha mutters, looking around her at the dark, deep blue of the sky.
Steve moves his hands across Tony's torso, his ribs, his chest, his shoulders. He moves his hands to Tony's back and he pulls the zipper of the underarmor jumpsuit slowly.
"May I?" Steve asks, his eyes locked up on Tony's.
The sight of him makes Tony still both annoyed and interested.
“Tony…”
Tony taps on his system but it's not functioning. "Reboot Legionnaire OS. We got a buggy suit," he commands.
“Yeah, no, but like, crazy smart, like,
Steve waves a hand off. "Oh, I know. There's no way you went out with twelve different girls in a single year just 'cause they were models," he says.
“Oh, yeah, hi, they told me you'd be coming,” he greets Steve, shaking his head and looking at him upside down.
“Location?” Coulson asks, walking towards him.
"The Stark Relief Foundation?" Tony asks.
A man that opened Steve into the new world, even if they didn't always see eye to eye.
"So, what are you gonna do?" Allen asks him and Rhodey looks at the watch, it's only 9 A.M. so he has enough time to fly to New York on the suit.
“That’s bullshit. You know that,” Tony cuts in.
“I have my ways— listen, I have a question about soulmate marks. I was wondering if you could shed some light into it,” Tony begins and she blinks at him. “Is there any way to undo the process, you know, kinda wipe the thing off?”
“And it is beautiful,” Tony adds, with a serious face.
Tony scoffs and continues walking, trying to make his way out. “He was out of his league,” he retorts, shaking his head. “He should have waited. He should have—”
Tony just sits and swallows.
Steve is flicking it on in a second. "Tony," he calls but Tony's already pulled the blanket over his head. "Tony," Steve tries again and pulls the blanket down. "What are you doing? What did Clint say?"
“He doesn’t want to see Steve?” Tony asks.
“Tony…” he whispers a silent plea.
"Well, I wanted to repay you the selfsame gift that you so graciously imparted to me," Killian says as he grabs tiny metal orbs in his hand and throws them on the floor. "Desperation," he says and a hologram appears between them.
Steve looks down before stepping closer, to stand next to him at the bar table. “Do you want the truth?” Steve asks.
"If I had known it was gonna be a firefight, I absolutely would have called," Steve says, smiling, as they make their way up the stairs.
“No. Don’t call me ‘honeybear’. Ever,” Rhodey says, his eyes narrowed.
“I did them just before you got here. I don’t think there’s anything missing—”
Sam raises his eyebrows at him. "That's how it is?"
They've been working in silence for a while when Tony finally speaks. "Thor didn't say where he was going for answers?" he asks.
And then Steve does the same, except that Tony can’t take pictures for shit so it’s more selfie-type stuff. He gets to take a picture of him petting a dog though, which is very, very nice. Especially when he sees Tony recording him pet the dog. He is never leaving this down; the time he pet a Pomeranian on the red carpet for a solid ten minutes instead of doing anything else. It’s just... the Pomeranian is so cute and adorable. He misses Dodger a lot.
He hadn’t believed in soulmates, because he thought he didn’t have one. And now it turned out he has one, he has one that he let slip through and he doesn’t know whether to laugh or cry or not feel anything at all. Lucky soulmate, for avoiding him and his mess, but he feels sorry for the person out there who’ll live with the knowledge that they have lost theirs. And really, he didn’t care and he doesn’t know why he’s caring right now, but he knew it was just going to have to pass.
Aw, don’t give me that face. Look out the window. 😏
"Who's that?" Tony asks, pointing to the brunette.
“At the most recent base, I found a few reports about the Winter Soldier’s missions from 1990-1995 and,
Steven Grant Rogers, unlike everyone else on the list, has earned his spot not because Tony likes/respects/cares about him, per se, but because he's fucking Captain America and a guy who is very, very hard to impress—and Tony wants to impress him just once. He's not proud of the reasoning behind it. He doesn't mention this to his therapist, either, because she'd go into a round of daddy issues and self-worth issues. And probably everything else that's wrong with him. But whatever. Tony doesn't
"Straight as my hair," she bluntly says, and he realizes she knows, she's known this entire time about Steve and the fact that Tony knew. Her hair is in ruby red ringlets and the farthest thing from being straight. "And no one else knows, so don't you dare share it."
He wants to believe it, but he knows that he will always see his Oscar somewhere and think of his ma. Steve smiles weakly, and gently lets go of her, realizing that he’s clinging onto her just as she is letting him, but still.
Steve scrolls through them on his laptop, skipping over the questions that ask about the mystery woman from his Oscars speech and where we went after the Oscars, since he had missed all of the after-parties. He finally stopped at one that encompassed what he really wanted to talk about.
“You’ve checked every single person from that day?” Pepper asks one day, when the two of them are just lounging around in the mansion, a rarity thanks to both of their schedules.
“Aright Buzzfeed, let’s do this,” Steve says seriously, eyeing the bucket of thirst tweets with apprehension. Last time, Bucky had done it with Sam and they had been pretty normal. But Bucky and Sam had also done a segment with M’Baku, and those had been on a wilder side. The ones that Bruce received... well, people still teased him about it to this day and that was putting it very, very nicely.
“It’s a beautiful day in the neighborhood, a beautiful day for a neighbor. Would you be mine; could you be mine?” Steve sings on cue, doing his best imitation of Fred Rogers that he possibly can. He’s actually really proud of it because he has spent years trying to imitate the opening theme. Reverting back to his normal voice, he sighs and says, “No. No trace of relation either. I’ve looked.”
Of course, he can't avoid Steve forever, or even at all now that they’re vaguely friends. For one, the jobs that they have make it impossible for that to happen. And for another, Steve is a goddamn stubborn bastard with no sense of social cues. Okay, maybe he does have social cues; it’s just that he doesn’t know anything about Tony. Nothing.
Tony eyes him speculatively, dropping the tweet and using his fingers to frame the so-called Dorito shape on Steve. “I’m not sure that they’re talking about your triangle torso,” he finally says. In Steve’s silence—which occurs because how does one even respond to that—Tony takes advantage again and steals another tweet.
