"I've known him two days, Benny."
He is just so goddamn
“Too early,” Castiel whines.
Castiel nibbles on his bottom lip before shaking his head. But he doesn’t leave, either. He gives the cashier a quick glance before mumbling to Dean, “Can I buy some of those gloves?”
Grinning like a little shithead, Dean does as told, wiggling his ass at me. I lean down and drag my tongue up the inside of his left thigh to collect all of the slick that had dripped down it. Then I repeat with his right thigh. After that, I lap up all of the excess slick in his crack and hole before pressing three fingers into him. He gasps and jerks forward but I hook my leg around one of his ankles and keep him nice and close, one hand working his ass, my other hand going to his front to wrap around his throbbing cock.
“The fuck,” Dean growls, hopping back to his feet and whipping around to stare at who touched him.
"I'm sorry it's all I can give you right now."
Then I'm drowning.
Castiel is yanked from his thoughts when sir grabs his right nipple and twists. The man doesn't stop until Castiel’s back is bowed, a shriek ripping from his lungs. He barely even registers when something is clipped onto the sore bud before sir is twisting the other one. Castiel sobs dryly, shaking his head. Sir has never been that rough before on his nipples. He swears they're going to tear off.
“I had a good time, yeah.”
"He climbed the ferris wheel and - and he wrote all those letters and he's building this house even though she never answered because - because that's how much he
His mouth perks up in one corner, his eyelids fluttering. Then he whispers, “Staring at someone while they sleep is creepy you know.”
“Oh! Oh-oh-oh no! You can’t do that. Come on, now. Fill big brother in.”
These past two years were harder than he thought they’d be but he had managed to stay out of the public as much as he could. He found a barber shop with a crabby old man who doesn’t like small talk to cut his hair. He found a gas station where he can pay at the pump without interacting with a soul. He checked out a few places with Gabriel - including the kink club they found in the city. He found a counselor he surprisingly doesn’t hate. Then he hired for the rest. Cooking. Cleaning. Grocery shopping.
It takes the boy a few seconds to register the order. Then his rhythm falters and his cries get louder. His hips seem to fight him, but he finally gains full control over himself after a few more seconds tick by. His body is jerking violently.
The look Castiel gives Dean is severe and unimpressed. He narrows his eyes and says in a low, almost threatening voice, “We do not skip dessert.”
? You decide to keep me, and at least one major bite is in your future sweetheart.”
Sir sighs. A moment later, something pinches the skin of Castiel’s side. He yelps. Whatever it is doesn't pull away, remaining like a clamp on his nipple would. Another is quickly added. He begins to tremble, his voice weak when he asks, "What are you doing, sir?"
“Not yours to touch anymore, pet. You and everything on you now belong to me. Only when you safeword will you be able to put your hands on that.”
When Castiel looks at the man, he finds Benny looking right back at him. The two stare for a few seconds before Benny gestures to the door. "Go on. It's not me he wants to see."
“Okay,” Dean says with a deep breath, opening his eyes and grabbing the water bottle. He helps Castiel take another drink, thankful the boy doesn’t play any more games with him. Never before has Dean had trouble keeping himself in check with a submissive, but Castiel is so different. Everything about this has been different. He’s not sure how long he’d be able to resist Castiel if the boy pressed him tonight.
But does he
"Dean. Hey. Wow, it's… 3 in the morning."
is supposed to be phenomenal. Impossible to get into, though.”
“Yes. I know.”
“Fucking hell, look at you. So eager. So good for me.” Dean brushes his free hand over Castiel’s abused ass, making the skin burn all over again. Castiel’s breath hitches, and he shudders. It’s strange how the pain surges his pleasure, but he’s not complaining. “You gonna come on sir’s fingers, boy? Gonna fuck yourself until you’re finished?”
And Castiel nods. And he asks for a dildo, so he can double penetrate the slave, so he can hear it scream. And his father grins like the devil. Watches Castiel rape and destroy the man he loves – and Castiel knows this, in the dream. Deep down. There’s this nagging that he knows the slave on the bench. That he loves the slave on the bench.
Dean looks back at him in confusion. “Lauderdale.” Then he takes a breath and shifts in his chair. “What has this got to do with security?”
“Maybe I deserve it.”
"Garrison, sir. But - but tryin' to earn a spot in arch-archangels."
"Does that fucking digust you?" sir growls, but he fails to hide the slight tremble in his voice. The terror that Castiel
“In the grocery store - you knew I was an omega.” I pull away to look at him. He lets me, his hand loose but present on my wrist just like before. “It’s - that’s why I smelled so good.”
Something dark passes over Castiel before he looks away from Dean. "Yes, but that was
“I never said that!”
“I hadn’t either.”
It’s only then, when his muscles are relaxed and his breaths are coming in slow and steady, that Dean starts to tighten his grip. At first, all Castiel can feel is the press of fingers against his skin, just as he would if Dean was holding onto his wrists or hips. It’s just a moment, though. Then other things begin to happen.
“Right.”
Once Castiel was toweled off and his hair was gently blown dry, Dean tugged a not-dirty but not-clean shirt over Castiel’s head. It fell mid-thigh and wrapped Castiel up in Dean’s heady scent. After, Castiel was told to step into a pair of boxer briefs that also belonged to Dean. Then he was ushered over to the bed and tucked in amongst a ton of pillows and blankets.
“Then watch,” sir growls in his ear. There’s a pause that Dean can sense in sir’s demeanor. It shows when he cups his cheek and turns Dean’s head so they’re looking into each other’s eyes. “Safeword?”
“Do you like it?”
Dean takes another drink of his beer as he mulls over what to say next. “I think a lot of the weight lifted after I decided I’d go back to you. All that emotional chaos, that back and forth fighting between logic and my heart, between what I want and what everyone else was telling me I had to do, it got a lot easier. Dad never brought you up again, which helped too. Before I left the first time, he spent nearly every day trying to reason with me about you.”
Besides one couple off in the far corner, that’s not the case.
Dean steps back, rolling his head on his shoulders. Then he cups his cock through his pants and moans. Castiel echoes the noise on accident, too focused on the fact that Dean -
“Just - just how it - it-” Castiel squirms, embarrassingly aware of how his hard cock is pressing against Dean’s stomach. “It’s exciting.”
Castiel sags in relief, fingers playing with the strings again. “I guess it’s my turn to ask you a question, hey?”
together. My claws pop, cutting my palms, and my voice is growly and dangerous as I step up to Alastair, ignoring the idiot beta Azazel beside him. “What the fuck are you doing here?”
That steady, familiar pulse that is Castiel thrums through our thread for a long time, growing in intensity until I can barely breathe beneath the weight of all of his emotion and need. Then it fades into something cold with little pinpricks of rage and fear dotting along it. At the same time, voices begin shouting from outside my room. I try to jerk in my bindings, wanting to be able to help somehow if this is Castiel and his pack coming for me. Nothing budges though. I’m just as tied down as I’ve been.
I got overloaded in comments recently (which I LOVED, don't get me wrong), so I ended up just replying to the ones on current chapters. If I never replied to your comment I PROMISE that I still read it and GREATLY appreciated it. I got busy and they just piled up too much for me to handle at the moment. I'm still so thankful for every comment. Even if I can't reply, each one makes me so happy and inspired <3 Thank you!
“If you say so.” Castiel frowns down at the carrot, eyebrows pulling in as he examines it.
"Come in here. But as a human. I don't want it to smell like wet dog in my room."
“How about the fact that I can’t do my own laundry? I can’t fucking cook or clean. I can’t do the dishes. I tried grocery shopping? I was a fucking mess. Oh, and I knocked a kid down and made him cry, so there was that, too.”
in life.”
“Oh. Thanks!” I turn around and stumble through my order to the girl working the stand, feeling jittery and exposed for some reason. Even though I know it’s crazy, I swear I can feel Alastair right up against me, his breath on my neck. My heart starts to pound as every second ticks by.
was telling me you were the bad guy.”
“He’s probably dropping.”
Trying to shake off the awkward silence that has fallen over them, he looks at the woman he’s been chatting with and points towards the security area. “Um, I’ll see you on - on the other side, okay?”
“Cool.” He puts his menu down all together, looking me in the eyes. There’s a moment where he’s calm and just looking at me. Then his nerves kick in and that adorable blush is back. “Um… hi.”
“You’re such a fucking idiot! You let him fucking restrain you?” Dean flinches, stepping back the second his father drops his arm. He watches through his eyelashes as his father begins to pace the auto shop floor. “What would you have done, Dean? Huh? What if he had taken you again?”
Castiel moans as he parts his lips. Sir slides his bow tie between the gap and ties it around the back of Castiel’s head so that the bow is gagging him. It’s not exactly effective, but Castiel gets a glimpse of himself in the mirror and it sure makes up quite the picture. If sir’s dark, heated gaze over his shoulder is any indication, the man likes that picture a lot.
“You acted as if the two of you had already had the talk.”
“It’s settled then. You’ll go to the game with Ash and I’ll bring you to the party after.”
A plane brought him back to Castiel.
my wolf grumbles, tail between his legs.
Before Castiel can argue - because he’s not, there’s no way he’s anywhere near good enough for sir - sir is talking again, dragging his hand up the right side of Castiel’s body. “I saw you just now. Saw the panic in your body. But you did so
"This is the living room. Help yourself to whatever you want to watch. We don't need to go down this hall here to the left, but so you know it's a guest wing. Most of the members live down there, besides my top members. This way leads to the entertainment part of the house." Dean points as he passes doors, not opening any of them. "Gym. Theatre. Library. The sports room, which is pretty much just a huge ass TV to watch games, a bar, and a pool table. This door leads to the basement. That's where the indoor pool is."
Dean’s patience breaks. “Cas,
It feels like centuries before the nurse finally comes out to let Castiel know Dean’s in the recovery room. If he was a less polite person, he’d bark at her to hurry the hell up as she leads him through the winding halls. She walks so slow she practically shuffles! By the time he sets eyes on Dean, Castiel’s heart is racing with fury and terror.
Dean approaches the room like you would a newborn baby. He caresses the curved black and white granite island in the center as his eyes roam over everything else. It’s all state of the art. There are two stoves plus a pizza oven. The fridge and freezer are massive. There’s a wine fridge as well, rows of wine meant to be warm in the shelves beneath it. It’s something Dean raises an eyebrow at, but he decides not to bring it up. Not yet.
“Castiel?” Castiel lifts his chin, looking at Dean. Dean’s smiling warmly at him, but his eyes hold a devilish need in them that sends a shudder through Castiel. “Your coat.”
“Makes sense.”
"Sir?" the man says quietly, confused eyes locked on Castiel.
Castiel scrunches his nose up, and it’s the first time in far too long that Dean catches a glimpse of happy Castiel beneath it all. “You’re like a bazillionaire with a full staff. I don’t think we gotta worry about trash and dirty dishes.”
“How do you think I’ll be?”
said Master would come back.
So terrified that, when Castiel clears his throat and opens his mouth, Dean spills what’s on his spoon.
“Okay, that’s fair.”
Castiel frowns at the pad of sticky notes Charlie holds out. “And then what?”
Ketch says, “The kiss after Ethan,” at the same time that Cole says, “When he got jealous and kissed you.”
His smile is beautiful, and I feel a surge of
“Ummm. So…” Castiel awkwardly tucks him in further. “Get some rest.”
Anna squeals. Then she makes a noise that’s impressively similar to a growl for someone who isn’t a shifter. “God, I hate this. You all just know shit because of your stupid bonds while the stupid human is stuck - waaaiiit, is the mate here?"
"Really?"
Feeling himself getting close, Dean reaches around to the bunny’s front and takes his tiny penis in his large hand. The boy gasps as Dean strokes the soft peach fuzz that dusts the extremely sensitive appendage. Little moans and pants and, “Alpha, Alpha, Alpha’s,” fall from the sweet bun’s lips as he both tries to escape the hand and tries to push harder against it.
Getting through dinner back at the house is torture. Castiel and Charlie came up with a plan, Charlie promising to keep Dean occupied for at least 20 minutes after the meal so Castiel can sneak upstairs. Having an actual plan is just making him more nervous. He sits in his seat and just repeats it on a loop.
Benny pauses, then asks, "Can you tell me any of it?"
“Why?”
"Whatchya gonna do?" Castiel asks with a very flirty smirk. "Spank me?"
“I think we found our winner,” Dean announces, surprised by how choked his voice sounds.
There’s something that passes through Dean. A desire. A need. Then he glances down at Castiel and his face smoothes out into boredom. “Perhaps I’ll stop by. We’ll see where the night takes us.”
“Tell me what’s going on.” It’s meant as an order, but comes out all shaky and desperate. I hate that.
I sigh in relief, though a part of me... this tiny, sad little part of me, is almost… sad. I shove the thought as far down as I can get it and bury it alive.
“Yes. Good morning.”
Castiel pauses. “I… how many do I get?”
“Definitely.”
"Don't be sorry, Dean. I understand. You got overwhelmed. You need to pump the breaks. I'm fine with that, okay?"
Dean chuckles. “Nope. Don’t have the legs for ‘em.”
Dean picks at a nail, and Castiel has to ball his hands into fists to keep from reaching out and taking his hand. “My brother Sam can usually see through it. My dad probably could too, but he never really cared if I was okay or not…”
“Okay.” Castiel holds his breath, trying to fight off the need to cry. When he has it under control, he says, “I’m sorry.”
Dean gets down on a knee again. He cups Castiel’s cheek and lifts his face so their eyes are at the same level. “Open your eyes, Castiel. Look at me.”
Castiel whimpers before quickly shaking his head
He screams danger.
“It’s sex in public, but not sex with the public. And in our scenario, it would be something like a small scene at the club - like with that submissive that was suspended. You enjoyed watching that, right?” Castiel nods, his cheeks burning at the memory. “Don’t you think it’d be hot for that to be you in the ropes?”
I pause. "You knew about that?"
Castiel bites the inside of his cheek. “What would that entail?”
When the man flicks the lights on again, they’re soft, a warm flickering glow like candles. Music plays quietly in the background. The kind you’d hear at a nice restaurant when out on a date.
Just as Dean gets to the bathroom door, Castiel gains his bearings, breaking free of whatever spell Dean had put him under.
“You lied. Just now. You know who he is.”
Castiel chuckles and does it again, this time with the opposite side of the groin and the opposite nipple. Then he has some real fun. He pulls away and blows cool air on the damp nipples until their buds are elongated and hard. Then he drags the wheel horizontally across Dean's chest, making sure the bumps pass straight over the over sensitive nipples.
The unexpectedness of his worry makes Castiel huff a laugh. He shakes his head. "Oh, we are. This isn't your bedroom. I mean, it could be. But that wasn't the plan. I just - I wanted you to have your own space here. To do with however you want."
The beautiful red of Dean’s cheeks makes Castiel lightheaded. His boy likes the idea of that a lot. More than Castiel expected.
This catches Dean by surprise, his muscles tensing. “What? Why?”
“Nothing good out, either,” Aaron adds.
He smirks, his eyes scanning my face, and I feel like there’s a good chance I might melt into this shitty high school’s carpeted floor right this second.
"What were you watching him for?" Dean coos, still stroking his cock as he starts to pepper kisses down the side of the man's throat.
Castiel pulls off of him, large hand gripping his cock so it’s not lonely while he speaks. “I love you too, pet. Now be quiet. Don’t want the staff to hear how much of a slut you are.”
With a quick nod, Castiel is nearly flying out of the room, leaving Dean behind without any further explanation. Dean sighs, walking to the bed and collapsing on the edge of it. He puts his elbows on his knees and buries his face in his hands. Dean may not be an expert on arranged marriages, but he knows that didn't go well.
Castiel knows he should stay quiet. This guy could have orders to hurt him if he acts up. Or this guy could tell Dean, and Dean would hurt him. It'd be smart to wait. Act small and harmless. At least until he has these people, and this situation, figured out.
Castiel had been pretending to sleep when Dean got out of the shower last night, and Dean had respected it. He had no right to kiss Castiel. The boy was clearly upset, he was confused about his feelings and their situation, and instead of helping Dean fucking kissed him. Took advantage. Probably made things worse.
"You said you weren't feeling good." Castiel frowns at his boyfriend. If he even is that anymore. Part of him feels like they broke up, but no one told them. "I asked if you wanted to hangout and you said you weren't feeling well."
"You son of a bitch, he-"
"Black, Mr. Winchester?" the tailor double checks when he's finished with Castiel’s initial intake - which had included a few mumbles about the fit of his clothes and how he needs much more than just a tux and Mr. Winchester should know better than to dress his things in such nonsense, which made Castiel blush and Dean chuckle and the tailor excited when given permission by both of them to develop an entire wardrobe while they're there.
drinks.
Castiel shakes his head. "There isn't a
“Yes!” Castiel crosses his arms over his chest and pouts. “You said!”
“He’s over there,” Dean tells her, already walking away.
“You could, yes. No one else did.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Just to test his theory, Dean says in a low whisper that won't be overheard, "He's okay. Better now. I have a doctor helping him." When Gabriel looks at him with wide, relieved eyes, Dean knows he made the right choice. This one sees Castiel as more than just a pawn.
“Mhm. I’m feeling experimental.” Dean goes down on a knee so their faces are just inches apart. “I'm gonna see how long it takes before you fall apart. Push your limits. Test you. Can you do that for me, Castiel? Can you be a good boy and let me push you?”
Castiel closes his eyes, bile rising in his throat. He can still hear it. His father’s low, dominating voice. “No, son. Too gentle. Like this.” He can still hear Dean’s screams and pleas, eyes wide as his father takes over, knowing damn well that Castiel is the lesser of the two evils. Gabriel’s father standing off to the side, chuckling. Gabriel standing next to Castiel, breathing heavy. The slick noise of Dean getting fucked through blood and cum. Dean’s broken, breathy little cries. Dean’s final, “Please,” as he looks at Castiel, begging him with his beautiful green eyes to please help him. To please make it stop.
"How does that
“Cas, you couldn’t control who you were raised to be. You were basically raised in a box where your father was law.”
“Oh. That’s easy.” Dean smiles, and something about it is seductive and sexy even though it looks like all of his other smiles. “Us being together.”
This makes sir pause. He looks down at where Castiel is now shamelessly grinding against him. His lips twitch. When he looks at Castiel's face again, he's doing that head tilt. He grins. It's a wicked thing. Dangerous. Intoxicating. "You should be afraid of me, little boy. I could eat you alive."
Glancing at the line in front of me, I say, “Dean.”
“You used to trust me,” Castiel says in defeat. “God, you trusted me so much.”
With a nod, Castiel drops his chin as well as closes his eyes. He apparently doesn’t want to take any chances.
Bobby starts barreling towards me the moment our eyes meet. My dad starts to stop him but I put a hand up, letting him know I can handle myself. I let Bobby shove me back into a wall, keeping myself calm.
Castiel scrunches his nose in confusion but obeys.
"Enough!" Castiel snaps, his voice sharp and angry. "Stuff your mouth with your underwear."
At least Dean is panting too. He’s out of breath, cheeks flushed as he stares down at Castiel with eyes blown wide with lust. “Color?”
Castiel nibbles on his bottom lip, trying desperately to fight back a blush in case Dean can see in the low lamp light. “They’re comfy.”
"Yeah. It made me feel… safe. Like even as I worked through everything, you were still right there for me."
Dean closes his eyes for a second to compose himself. This was overwhelming for Castiel. Even if that hasn’t sunk in yet for the boy, it will. Tonight was a huge step, not just for their relationship, but for Castiel’s sex life as well. He did a scene, even if he’s not fully aware of that. Dean needs to take care of Castiel now. His greedy cock can wait.
“Mmm.” He swipes the chocolate chips across the counter until he has a handful, then throws them away. He turns back to collect some more. “We did stay up and talk for a few minutes after you took Dean to bed, but I meant he needs sleep because of school. Sounds like the kid runs himself fucking ragged. If he was
And just like that, the conversation shifts, attention leaving Castiel. His heart is still racing, his chest tight, so he sits back in his chair and focuses on breathing. Dean starts to pull his hand away, but Castiel grabs it and squeezes, a silent plea to keep it there. When he lets go, Dean starts to rub gentle circles through Castiel's jeans.
Then sir…
“Mmm.” Dean shifts but doesn’t open his eyes. “Cut it when I first got home. Didn’t – it wasn’t me anymore. Like it better like this.”
. Cas, if I ask you to shut off the damn bedroom light you can safeword if it feels warranted. I won’t argue with you. I’ll want an explanation so I can understand and help you. So it doesn’t happen again. But your safewords never go away. Never. You - tell me you understand that, okay? Can you repeat that for me?”
"Okay."
Castiel doesn't hear the playroom open in time. His reaction is so late that he doesn't even try getting to his feet, just staying there looking fucking pathetic. His eyes lock with Dean's, who looks surprised but also curious. Then Castiel moves his gaze to the left, where a man is standing just behind Dean. He looks wrecked in the best way, and tears spring to Castiel's eyes.
“So? You’re not an idiot, Dean. Well, I mean, you are, as I’ve pointed out, but seriously. You’ve seen plenty of scenes that are non-sexual, or that don’t end in penetrative sex. You’ve taught scenes like that. Workshops, too.” Charlie hands Dean a towel as he steps out of the shower, not even flinching at his naked body. “Do what feels right, Dean. Trust your instincts. You have phenomenal instincts.”
“No, thanks. Benny’s driving.” I hitch my thumb over my shoulder to where Ash told me I could wait for Benny. His eyes look in that direction before focusing back on me. It’s getting easier to look directly at him, which is slightly dangerous because now I want to look at him all the fucking time.
Castiel rubs himself through his pants, ashamed, but unable to stop himself.
Suddenly, the car feels small. Confining.
“Agree to disagree,” I tease. “Anyway, he did the head tilt and I was convinced he was going to eat me. But when he came up he just, sort of - I dunno. It doesn’t matter. And then-”
Dean moans lowly at my dirty words, another gush of slick coating my fingers. “When do you fuck me?” he asks breathlessly.
But I’m being fucking serious. That boy, smelling like
“Of course.” Castiel gives him a smile that he hopes is comforting, and loving, and understanding, and all of the other things he wants to be for Dean. “Dean, we never even have to use this room if you’d like. We can take things out of here from time to time if there’s certain things you like and bring them to the bedroom. Or we can buy new things just for the bedroom. Or we can be completely vanilla, it’s-” the loud snort Dean gives him in response cuts him off mid-sentence.
"Why don't you guys try and be normal? Worst case scenario, you go into heat about a month from now. Hopefully you go a few months without dealing with it. That buys you time."
“Please, what?”
Maybe it's just that everything is hot when it comes to Dean…
“Oh.” A light goes off in Castiel’s eyes, and then he’s adjusting how he’s sitting and clearing his throat. “Great, so, mummification is a hard limit. Same with branding and - wait, what were brown showers again?”
My dad laughs softly. “Obviously, son.”
Castiel's stomach twists. "Why is that?"
I run out of the restaurant as realization dawns, trying to get a grasp on Dean and I’s thread once more. There’s nothing to hold on to. Barely even a whisper between us. How the hell did this happen? How did I let myself get distracted enough not to notice his emotions? Had he been scared? Angry? Why did he look like he didn’t feel good? Did they drug him? Threaten him? Hurt him?
“Of course not. You looked amazing in all of them. But this is the one I want you wearing tonight.” When Castiel relaxes, clearly happy with this, Dean chuckles. “Should we buy all of them so you can wear them for me some other time? Hmmm?”
"What about what I need?" Dean whispers.
“Quite the storm last night.”
“I’m not speaking of online classes.” Dean continues to stare at the wall. “I could get you a meeting at The Edlund Institute. I'm on boards with a lot of their faculty members, and the president is a close family friend.  I can't get you in, of course, but I can get you started. If you’re interested.”
“Castiel’s the one with the power. He never lost any power. He never officially fell from heaven. Lucifer is weaker without him. Lucifer is
“I came up with an idea to help you tonight. Something to keep you feeling grounded and safe through the party.”
This morning is a fucking disaster.
“You haven’t even met him. What if-”
Castiel moans. He thinks he’d like that. He thinks he’d like that a lot.
“Dad-”
“Boyfrien’s?”
Castiel and I share a wide eyed look as we both grin at each other. I put a finger to my lips to shush him before calling, “Yes?”
"I'm awful with kids."
“I know you can. I know.” My dad smiles at me, the moonlight reflecting in his eyes. “He’s an omega. There’s no doubt. It’s soaked into every fiber of your being now. I can sense it through you. Through your wolf. Your wolf knows.”
He’s in the last stall, the stall door closed and locked. I can hear his soft sniffles and little choked cries. If I was human, I wouldn’t be able to. He’s doing a great job at muffling himself.
This makes them laugh at least. Charlie waves a hand, “We’re harder to scare off than the silly boys.”
“His gene was never triggered,” I say out loud. Then, “Did I trigger it?”
"Promise?" Castiel asks as he peeks up through his lashes.
Yeah, he might have to talk this boy into doing this again.
After a brief pause, Dr. Edlund says quietly, “You know what we need to talk about today, Castiel. No point avoiding it.”
Leaning into the touch, Castiel tries to speak through the shivers. “C - ca - n - n - n- t -”
Within minutes of being brought to the bedroom, Dean finds himself with his arms stretched out and cuffed to the bed frame, his calves tied to his thighs, the ends of the rope from each thigh running up and looping through the ring of his collar to keep him from lowering his legs. Sir stalks towards the bed with a penis gag in his hands, eyeing Dean like a piece of meat. Dean whimpers. Sir smirks. “Already making noises. Do you want your brother to hear how much of a slut you are?”
“Stop,” Dean says quietly, pulling Castiel out of his head spin. He looks around to see that they’re now outside. The silence of the night air is deafening compared to the inside of the club. Compared to Castiel’s thoughts. “Stop, Castiel. Breathe. Relax. Stop.”
“That sounds like something John Winchester said. Not Dean.”
Dean is clearly conflicted, but he doesn't argue. Castiel watches him walk across the open floor plan, not looking away until Dean is kneeling like he was told.
“I deserved it.”
. But it did, at some point, because when Dean said home, that’s immediately where Castiel’s mind went. To their house. To their wing. To their bedroom.
After our third run between our territory and the Demon territory, Jack, Gabe, and I finally go home and shift back to human. We yank on sweats and shirts as we hurry into the house. Not that there’s much of a hurry to get inside. We can hear exactly what’s going on in the house anyway. Even if we weren’t wolves, we’d be able to easily hear the yelling.
This turns Castiel's smile into a twisted scowl. "Abhorrent."
“Yeah, yeah, almost.” The man squats down slightly. “Can I ask you, what cologne that is you’re wearing?”
There's drool and snot and tears on his face and chest. His cock is bright red, purple at the tip, and leaking a steady stream of pre-cum. His cheeks are blotchy and flushed, his eyes red-rimmed and wide.
“I have faith. I’ll be back on the couch, where I’ve been for the past 40 outfits you’ve shown me.”
Castiel nods lazily, eyes sliding closed, his cheek pressed against the pillow Dean put him on. The boy is totally oblivious to his new surroundings, which is fine by Dean. He doesn’t want to have to start explaining himself right now.
A choice to give up all power when he doesn't
The boy does. The sound is inserted, Castiel shuddering and gasping and whining the entire time. Dean doesn’t stop until just the bulb at the end is present.
“Had a big breakfast?”
Castiel moans wantonly, clenching around Dean’s fingers. His cock is still heavy despite Dean’s grip on his balls, but the sudden urgency has faded. Dean must be able to tell because he lets go of his sack and gently kisses it. The small brush of lips against him makes Castiel quiver.
Castiel is at Dean’s locker Monday morning holding a pie. Dean stops short, eyeing it before cautiously looking at Castiel.
Dean hears some movement on the other end of the phone. “It’s not fair. For him to make you choose, I mean. That’s not fair, Dean.”
Castiel swallows hard, images of Dean on the screen of his compound computer fluttering across his mind. It took seventeen hours for Dean’s testing to be done. Seventeen hours of him strapped to that chair.
Dean opens his mouth, probably to give a suggestion - an interesting one, too, if his mischievous smile has anything to say about it - but Castiel stops him with a finger in the air. He allows his eyes to darken, letting the monster peek out ever so slightly. Dean’s breath hitches as his pupils dilate. Castiel chuckles darkly as he watches him gulp.
That leaves Dean with just over a month’s worth of rent in his account. Factor in the cost of groceries, utilities, gas, and other random expenses, and he’ll be in debt before the first month is even over.
Dean smiles to himself, feeling overwhelmingly better. He played piano. In front of people. That’s has to be a good fucking sign. Dean has to be doing something right at least.
“But… how?”
send one of your men after my boy again, even just to spy, I will kill you in a such a way that even my own men would cringe when they look at me after."
“I’m fine. The one boy - Castiel - caught me from falling and said I smell.” I shrug, starting to feel sick to my stomach with this whole situation. “Can we go home? Are we done?”
“I don’t know what you mean, sir. I’m not - I’m not keeping anything from you.”
Dean pushes Castiel's bound leg back to expose part of his ass and his thigh. He smacks him five times, right over slashes from the cane earlier, all hard enough to make his hand sting. Then he calmly reminds Castiel that swearing is against the rules.
Except, he can’t be sure of that, can he? Because the person isn’t talking. It could be sir. It could be someone else. Castiel listens closely. It’s only one set of footsteps. He wouldn’t leave Castiel alone with one of his men. Not ever.
Well, and he’s stubborn. He’s not sure if he’d admit it right now anyway, orgasm on the line or not. Sir's laugh is mocking as he pulls away, as if he knows.
“So,” Charlie starts. Anna finishes, “Do you like Castiel?”
"I would hunt if you would just let me!"
"I'm just a bundle of problems for you to fix."
Castiel turns to look at Dean, shaking his head in confusion. "How are you surprised by that?"
“With a
He nods in acceptance. “I know. But I will keep you safe, and when this is all over, I’m going to make the rest of that up to you. I promise.”
"Probably, yes."
"Very." I lick my lips, humming in appreciation when I taste him there. Then my body tenses, and I wonder, "Was it okay for you?"
Sir always knows.
“Yeah. Kind of felt good, as stupid as that probably sounds. Once I got out of the psych ward, everyone sort of swept it under the rug, besides Gabe. We weren't allowed to talk about it. My dad wanted it to seem like it never happened. He pretty much controlled and watched my every move from then on. No need for meds or therapy if I never get the chance to do it again, right?
to, I mean. He said if you’re not open to it, then that’s okay, but he thinks it’d be really good for me. And for, ya know, for us. But we don’t have-”
"Pleeeaassse, mate," he begs, slick still dripping from his hole all over my cock and balls. My wolf is in absolute agony as I hold him back. My muscles begin jerking with the exertion necessary to keep myself under control. It'd be so easy. So fucking easy. I'd just slam him right down on my cock. The pretty little omega probably wouldn't even feel the pain of the brutal thrust, too out of his mind with need and desperation. And God, it'd feel So. Fucking. Good. All that tight, warm heat clinging to my cock. Milking it.
Thankfully, the teacher starts class after that. He has us open our anthologies to the story we were assigned for our weekend reading. I flip to the page and sit back in my seat, only half listening as he goes on about Jack London.
“Really?”
"You fucking bastard."
, and ride with whoever he
Dean turns back to look at his boy that’s strapped to the spanking bench across the room. He frowns when he sees that Castiel’s muscles are taut again, and he’s breathing hard. The wheels in his mind are turning so fast Dean swears he can hear them grinding in the open air of the playroom. Whether his boy is panicking or curious or just excited, it doesn’t matter. Dean’s supposed to take everything away for him. To shut his mind off.
There’s a tension at the party tonight, though. Dean can feel it in the way all the Novak’s are studying him. He can see it in their eyes. They're wondering if it’s the last time they’ll be seeing him, or if they’ll be seeing him for the rest of their lives.
“Sir,” Castiel whines. “Sir, I don’t like this.”
“Sure. We’ll leave.”
Castiel ducks his head, but he can't hide the way his face gets even darker as his blush spreads all the way down his neck and to his chest. "I wanna suck your cock, sir."
“Never?”
Then approximately eleven minutes later - not that Castiel was counting, because he most certainly wasn't - the noises started. Whimpers. Moans. Shrieks of pain. Sobbed pleasure.
Dean lays beside Castiel in their bed, propped up on one elbow with his head resting in the palm of his hand. The boy hadn’t even made it back to their room before passing out. Considering there can’t be more than twenty steps from the playroom door to the bedroom door, it’s a fairly impressive feat. Not surprising, though. Dean knew that the first scene had wrung Castiel out. Take into account Castiel had a hard time sleeping because his mind felt too cluttered, he almost lost his virginity to a man who wouldn’t have known he needed to be gentle or slow, and he had a panic attack, and Dean’s only surprised Castiel didn’t pass out sooner.
“Wow good?” Ash asks.
Well, fuck. That’s just not fair. Sir knows how much Dean hates complimenting himself.
“Don’ ‘member. Sleepy.”
When sir’s hand makes its way to Dean’s balls, squeezing, Dean gurgles behind his gag and thrashes his head.
“I need to run to the store. Need anything?”
“Is that it?” Dean asks, amused by the question. When Castiel nods, Dean chuckles. It’s dark and menacing. Castiel’s entire body shudders in response. “Oh sweetheart, we’re just gettin’ started.”
“It’s our rival game,” Benny adds, looking at Dean like he hung the fucking moon. Which, like, he
“You’re okay, baby,” he coos to Castiel, trying to sound confident. Usually it’s Castiel doing this to Dean, not the other way around. Castiel is the expert at handling breakdowns. Dean feels clumsy and useless right now. He knows this is what Castiel would be doing, though - holding him and promising him that everything’s okay. So, that’s what Dean keeps doing. “I’ve got you. You’re okay, Cas. I’m right here.”
“What if I’m pregnant?”
Both times I ended up at Dean's house. My dad dragged me back each time, growling ferociously, sending things like
“Elephant in the room yet?” Gabriel asks with a raised eyebrow.
He's only checked Castiel's Instagram and snapchat twice, which is much better than last weekend when he did it 9 times. Then again, Dean spent all day laying in bed looking at old photos and watching videos of the two of them, so he's not sure if
,” the boy breathes, his hands moving so he can cling to Dean. “Oh god that’s
The one thing
“Right.”
his face clean.
When the kiss breaks again, Dean's eyes are brilliant, his grin heart-stopping. "I'm so proud of you for gaining weight, baby boy. Look at how healthy you're becoming. You're letting me take care of you. That makes me so happy. You're such a good fucking boy."
Castiel whimpers and shakes his head, knowing he can’t do it. “Too hard,” he pants, squirming as if he can escape the buzzing on his prostate.
Something sharp and instant hits Castiel’s thigh. He tries to yank his leg up, wanting to relieve the pain somehow, but his bindings don’t allow it. It was something whip-like. Maybe a belt. Or a crop. Not a flogger. It was singular. And painful. And out of the fucking blue.
"Dean?"
In fact, too popular. Castiel quickly stops smiling when he realizes many of the people coming up to Dean are submissives. Available submissives, not wearing any collars. Ones that give Castiel a quick dirty look before pressing against Dean.
Dean can sense the way the weight lifts off of Castiel, even though he can’t see him. “Yes, pet?”
“He has a compound where he handles more… private business. The kind you wouldn’t read about online. He keeps his slaves there. His men-” Castiel stops, shaking his head.
“Yup. You got two bonus questions, remember?"
“Not really.” Dean sighs heavily. “But we probably should…”
The thought is enough to yank me out of the moment. Then it’s like a bucket of ice water has been poured over my head. I gasp and shake him off, stumbling back a step. He looks like he’s going to follow me but one of the guy’s yanks him away. Castiel growls at the guy. Actually
Love you all so much!!!
“Mmmm.” Castiel nods as he makes the noise, smiling like a goof.
Castiel wishes he was like the naked waiter boy on his knees right now. At least he’s gagged.
"What?"
Castiel whimpers again, his hips moving unconsciously to try and get friction against his own erection. "Yes," he admits. "Yes, sir."
"I'm sure he'll be fine."
“Good morning. I’m Ellen. Would you like some breakfast? There are leftover pancakes, but I’m more than happy to make you something fresh. Anything you want.”
“I - I - I took all the punches, ya - ya know, so he’s worn out by the time he got to Sammy.”
“Still with me, Castiel?” Dean asks as he drags the tip of a finger down the side of Castiel’s neck and across his bare shoulder.
“Yup.”
He decides not to prep Dean any more than just slathering his cock with lube. It'll just be another layer of pain and pleasure to add to the rest.
He also feels so unbelievably proud of Castiel for being brave enough to ask for the gloves. Now he just has to find a way to one day make him brave enough not to hide the scars at all. Hopefully, over time, Castiel will see that the people here - and the people at their house - won’t judge him.
Then sir is standing up and stepping back, smirking as he takes in Castiel’s spread out, vulnerable body.
“Yeah.” I duck my head, focusing on my book as I search for the assigned reading. “I am.”
Sam just shrugs. "Don't forget the carrots."
“I figured it wasn’t in the cards for me.”
“Yes, sir.” Castiel breathes out a sigh of relief that he feels like he’s been holding for a lifetime. He can’t stop the small hum of pleasure that escapes him. He leans in the direction he thinks Dean is in and whispers, “Thank you, sir.”
Castiel turns the bath on with his fancy phone app, then helps Dean prepare the food. It's really a shame they're in a hurry because Dean has lots of plans for the gorgeous kitchen. It's disappointing to use it for the very first time only to make pb&j sandwiches and cut up fruit in a tupperware container.
And then he goes back to hitting him.
Dean puts the few new items he found on the counter to be bought later before making his way over to Castiel’s dressing room with the briefs. He finds Castiel already standing out in the open, staring down at himself like he’s mesmerized by the black lace surrounding him. His cock is half-hard and thickening by the second.
"You look fucking wrecked," Dean whispers. "You're gorgeous like this, Castiel."
"Oh god. I hope he's happy with one of these then. The others will need alterations and-" the man stops himself, blushing. "And I'm complaining to his fiance. I'm so sorry, sir. I didn't mean to come off ungrateful. Please don't tell Mr. Winchester I'm worried. I don't want him to doubt us here. He's such a loyal customer."
"But its not a choice… the connection we have, its fucking with my mind. I'm not really even me anymore. If I left, maybe I could fix-"
"You wouldn't be overwhelming me, Gabe. You've always taken care of me."
Not trusting his voice, Castiel nods. He watches with heavy-lidded eyes as Dean raises a slim leather collar up to his neck and begins to secure it. There’s a silver ring at the front, almost like a dog’s collar would have for a leash. The thought of Dean leading him around on a leash makes Castiel flush.
“You swore a lot. Called me a fucker.” Jimmy smiles fondly at the memory. “Said you’d kill me if I died.”
Dean looks at the two of us again. All I want to do is pull him into my arms and tell Benny that he’s mine. There are two problems with that, though. First, I don’t know if Dean even is mine. Second, I doubt Dean would appreciate me going caveman-wolf boy treating him like my property. He’s far too stubborn and independent, as I’ve learned.
“Okay,” he whispers, peeking up at me through his lashes. “For you.”
Just the thought of all of those choices is enough to make Dean clench around sir and moan again. Sir's chuckle is dark when it fills Dean's ear, making him shiver in both fear and lust.
"So close, baby," Castiel growls into the phone, his orgasm barreling forward now that his concern about aftercare is dealt with. "So fucking close."
“Cas, babe… can you look at me?” It takes him a second but after a deep breath Castiel meets Dean’s eyes. His expression is wide-open. Vulnerable, but
By the time sir enters the playroom, Castiel feels like live wires are connected to every cell of his body. He’s shivering in anticipation, goosebumps erupting on his flesh. Every breath is shallow and shaky. His cock, heavy and aching already, is dripping against his thigh.
you," Castiel says with a cocky smile.
“Okay.”
"Cool. That's where I am if you want to come this way? Breakfast on me."
The sob Dean’s been trying very hard to contain finally bubbles past his lips. He hunches his shoulders in and continues to cry, knowing there’s no way in hell he’s going to be able to stop at this point. He just settles for burying his face in his hands, hoping to muffle the embarrassing sounds.
"I woke up and - and-" Castiel pauses, unsure how to explain.
Apparently Uncle Bobby really hates the wolves. Almost as much as he hates the Novaks.
“Good. You’re killin’ me too.”
With a smirk, Charlie gives him a patronizing pat on the shoulder and heads to the door. “Good thing he doesn’t know how to be a sub and in love. You’ll just have to learn together.”
Castiel releases a wrecked sob when he feels the first spurt of hot cum inside of him, realization dawning that he's not going to get to come. Sir jerks once more inside him before slowly grinding his hips against Castiel's ass, filling him up with every last drop. He hushes Castiel and kisses his throat, moaning as he finds his release.
, I'd make him-" Gabe stops, his face going white. He hangs his head in shame.
“Yeah?” Castiel can hear the very thin line between Dean’s anger and confusion starting to crack. “That’s it?
“It’s public sex, isn’t it?”
Someone shouts, “Opt out - male assist!” and the man pushes forward.
"Oooh you think so, huh?"
"I remember you," Jimmy whispers in awe.
Castiel feels panic for the first time tonight. True fear is right on the edge of his senses. Keeping something from him…
With a deep sigh, Dean does the obligatory, "Cas, the cat doesn't exist."
Maybe it's time to change that.
"Good morning," Castiel says softly, surprising Dean again.
And Dean - who had not heard these rumors yet - jolts up in his seat and releases an intrigued gasp.
Dean smiles, gently caressing his wrist again. It’s therapeutic for Dean, even though it probably shouldn’t be. Maybe it’s the reminder that Dean almost lost him, and didn’t. God, he’s so fucking thankful he didn’t. Even if he wasn’t Dean’s to lose at the time. He’s Dean’s now. Dean already can’t imagine a life without him in it.
I feel embarrassed tears pricking my eyes, but I blink them back and force myself to breathe through it. Then I look up at Charlie who is sitting across from me. She’s watching me carefully, and doesn’t bother trying to hide it.
"Here's what's going to happen, Chuck. Between what happened with Tamiel, and the fact that your 48 hours are officially up, I'm going to do three things. Listen carefully, because this is important, understood?"
Caught somewhere between drunk, exhausted, and sex-induced relaxation, it takes a moment for the card to sink in. It's not until he flips it over to find words on the back that he pieces it together. Then he's grinning.
This time when Dean shifts, his eyes do open. He looks at Castiel’s chest and begins to draw random shapes right over his heartbeat. It takes him a minute to speak again, but Castiel doesn’t mind.
God, he’s so damn beautiful. I feel like I’m in a trance as I watch him walk to the table that Benny and his friends sit at every day. He’s smiling. If I focus, I can hear his laugh through the din. Soft. Tentative. Nervous.
Dean whimpers, the sound turning high pitched and needy when sir surprises him by hooking his thumb inside of him. He alternates between rubbing Dean’s walls and pulling the thumb out to massage his rim and perineum. His blue eyes are dark and swimming with lust as he watches himself work, which only makes Dean harder. He loves when sir loses himself to his needs and desires.
"Come here. Rest your weight against me," Castiel instructs as he kneels once again, this time in front of Dean. Once the sub has his head on Castiel's shoulder and his body leaning mostly on him, Castiel slowly releases the buckles on his leather cuffs. They hang loose at the sides of the chair he brought in from the playroom - they had made a deal that Dean only had to wait one hour instead of two if Castiel was allowed to bring something from the playroom downstairs to help edge him. Without being told, Dean is wrapping himself around Castiel the moment all four appendages are free.
“Maybe one day we’ll see, Castiel.” Dean tugs ever so gently on the ring of Castiel’s collar, chuckling under his breath. “Let’s explore some more. That was a bad start to the night.”
“Just chastity.” Castiel blushes, looking away. “I liked the… edging.”
"I, uh… I don't have clothes for you. You're-" my eyes wander down to his towel where I can see his bulge. I gulp. "You're bigger than me."
“How about I get us in a nice bath and we can talk about it then. I’ll explain what’s going on and we can talk about anything else you want to talk about. Okay?”
“I trust it,” Dean says without hesitation, making it so Castiel can breathe again. “I trust him. I’m just saying that it’s what hurt the most.” Dean turns to look at Castiel now. His green eyes are sad and full of tears, but he’s giving Castiel a genuine smile. “You said on the beach 2 years ago that I could leave, but that you wanted me to stay. To give you a chance. To give us a chance. And I made that decision, in that moment, to stay. To willingly be with you. And then you just… took that from me. You promised no running. You
Deciding to put his trust in Dean once again, Castiel lets it all go.
Castiel is definitely going to hell.
"I know we will need to talk about this more when you're not so out of it, but I've made a decision." Dean pauses, and Castiel forces his eyes open to look at him. It's all he can do with his lack of energy to show Dean he's listening. "I'm going to step in now. Your body - you - you aren't taking care of yourself right now. And with this added on? At least until you adjust, I'm stepping in."
But Castiel has work too. Castiel needs to grocery shop. He needs to stop giving orders. He needs to hand over the control that he spent nearly 3 decades ingrained in him. He needs to rebuild his life. His future.
He raises an eyebrow at me. "Sam says you
Castiel rolls his eyes but finds himself smiling. “Of course he was.”
“One more,” Dean declares. “You’ll take it for me like a good boy.”
“I love you, too.”
“Yeah. What else are we gonna do? You can’t sleep, and I slept off my whiskey so now I can’t either.”
“We can skip dessert, then.”
Tonight, though, my wolf is exhausted and my mind feels at ease. Acting normal with them is easier to do. Acting like I care about football, acting like I care about the current gossip, doesn’t aggravate me.
Surprisingly, it’s Gabe who argues first. “No. Fuck that, Sam. Just because you can’t take this particular operation down doesn’t mean there aren’t others that you can. You want to save people, and help them once they’ve been saved. It doesn’t matter if those are people from the Novak operation, or from some other operation, or even from a cheap fucking brothel in Mexico. Every life matters. Don’t give up.”
Castiel screams as sir laughs.
“Don’t know. Never had gay sex.” Gabriel tries for a smile, but it slips. That’s a first too. “Just be good for him, Cas. Behave. Maybe he won’t be so bad.”
“I got the TV, too. The dude that installed it said he and his wife have one, and I know how much you love movies, so… yeah. The TV there works. Has my Netflix and all that shit on it.”
"No. Calm down."
“What?”
for me, you know that?”
"Yes, sir."
Dean hikes Castiel up further, aware that the guy has stopped moving or talking. He's probably out cold. He uses his key to get into his bedroom and quickly enters before anyone can see them. For some reason, this feels private. It feels as if Castiel needs to be protected even more so than just being somewhere safe while he sleeps his drinks off.
Castiel’s stomach flips.
There’s a strong wind coming off of the water. It’s sharp, stealing Dean’s breath, but he just tilts his chin towards the sky and breathes the salty air in. He starts rolling his pants up to his knees.
“Of course.”
to hear.”
He zips his pants back up but leaves the belt hanging open. Once he's back on his feet, he puts his hand on the door handle and pleads, "Unlock the door for me, baby."
"Yesterday!" I sit up straight, feeling angry and confused. It happened. I know it did. The wolf was real. "We got into a fight about me going into the woods and the wolf I saw, and then I showed you the picture."
"Yessir." Tammy gasps, then whimpers. "Oh please, sir. That feels...
“Blank slates are fine, Cas. But eventually you have to put things on them. Plans. Hopes. Dreams.
Dean slides the scalpel along the man's ribcage, using the flat of it so the man escapes injury. He still gasps as if it hurts him. Dean smirks. "I suggest you introduce yourself before my mood gets worse."
There’s a brief pause, and Castiel can actually feel things turn serious. “What’d you decide?”
Jimmy flushes.
“Fuck, yes. You’re such a good boy for me. Go ahead. Come for sir.” Sir turns so he can bury his face against the side of Castiel’s neck, his breaths coming fast and hard as he fucks himself into Castiel like he’s never needed anything more.
When he takes a final look at Castiel’s ass, however, Dean makes the decision that this round of pain needs to be mild. He wants to heighten the boy’s pleasure, not diminish it. Even if Castiel can take the pain, he shouldn’t have to.
Hitting the insides of his thighs.
“No, son. He doesn’t.”
"I- I-" Castiel gulps so loud the sound is clear in Dean's ears. He's starting to tremble.
Hiking my bag higher up on my shoulder, I give myself a 5 second pep-talk and head inside. Students filter in all around me. Uncle Bobby was right. Everyone seems to know each other.
"I think we have our next class together. If I remember right. I only glanced at your schedule this morning." I sound so fucking casual, someone should give me a gold star. "College lit?"
“Well, ya - ya know, hell if I was gonna let anythin’ happen to him,” he says, looking down at the man.
between you guys, and I'd love to kick Benny and Ash's asses."
This gets me interested enough for my humiliation to go on the back burner. I drop my hands and sit up straight, looking at him for the first time. “What?”
but it was also so much
Castiel replaces his fingers with his tongue, starting his exploration right at the crest of Dean's leaking cock. Dean bucks up the best he can with the way his body is restrained, jumbled words falling from his lips.
My head spins. My body aches. My mind fills with an urgent,
“It’s not,” Dean assures him. “It’s dangerous to be. The dominant will have made sure that nothing is being pinched or pulled. That nothing is tingling or going numb. And the submissive will immediately safeword if any of those things changes.”
Castiel sets a death glare on Dean. The death of his sex life at least. He already knows what his boyfriend is going to say, but he still winces when Castiel growls, "No sex! No. Sex. For. You!"
Dean releases Gabriel, and Castiel's brother immediately offers his hand. Chuck and Michael are clearly confused by the sudden shift, but Dean doesn't care. Chuck has already proved he doesn't give a shit, and Michael is his second-in-command and heir. He probably idolizes his daddy.
"Oh, yes. I've known Dean since he was just a baby. Great man. But of course, you know that. Or else ya wouldn't be with him."
I don't even notice the wolf moving until his cold nose is pressing against my right hand. I lock my body up and hold my breath as it sniffs me. I wait for it to clamp down and tear my arm off. Or maybe to bite first. Take his time gnawing on my wrist.
Ten minutes later, Castiel Novak has learned some valuable lessons regarding the topic of washing dishes.
Thankfully, Castiel just curls up in his blanket and lays back against his pillow when the water is taken from his lips. He watches Dean with hooded eyes as Dean walks around the bed and climbs into his own side. He turns the light off and rolls over to face Castiel.
My stomach drops.
“I’m pretty good with all the H’s. Not sure how I’d feel about heel worship, but I’m assuming you don’t wear heels.”
"Where are you going?"
Castiel pleased him. That's better than getting to please himself. He’d make that trade any day.
“Okay, don’t skip around. Here. Will you look at this list for me?” Dean hands Castiel the list he has up on his phone. “That way I know that whatever you don’t say soft or hard limit to, I know you’re educated on and are good. If you’re reading off of a different list then there might be something on my list that wasn’t on yours, and there I go thinking it was okay with you when really it’s something you would have made a limit. Does that make sense?”
Dean squeezes his hand, not saying yes but not saying no, either. He drags his thumb along the soft skin of Castiel’s pointer finger in the meantime. Not sure if Dean is even going to answer him, Castiel relaxes into the mattress and lets his eyes fall shut. When he inhales, his senses are filled with
Dean hesitates. “Why, sir?”
He's definitely going to need more booze on this flight. Enough to forget all about blue eyes and pillowy lips. About messy hair and a rough voice. About strong, capable hands and sexy smiles.
“Shhh,” Castiel hears behind him, a hand resting on the small of his back. That’s when he realizes he’s sobbing. “You’re okay. It’s okay, Cas. Shhh.”
"Because I wanted to know if I could really love someone who does the things you do!" Castiel yells frantically, the words sort of blurring together but clear enough for Dean to hear. "I told myself to be your husband, I - I have to be aware of the monstrous side of you. I won't be someone who is blind to the darker sides of their husband. I don't want a marriage like that. But I didn't- I didn't know if I could handle it. If I could still…
Two days later, his receptionist pops by his desk to deliver a message someone left for him.
That’s an easy one.
Dean’s hand presses against Castiel’s back, bringing him in tight. Almost painfully so. It’s not, though. It’s good. It’s so fucking good.
“I don’t deserve it. God, I don’t fucking deserve it.”
I frown. “How?”
Lieutenant Winchester perks up and grins. "Really? They said you might not."
Castiel nearly jumps as Dean yanks him from his self-hate spiral. He blinks, trying to register the question, then tenses up. “Um. I don’t know. Can I think about it?”
“Sooo,” dad prompts. “Details?”
“So, it’s for punishment.”
coffee. Then I'll be amazing for sure."
He winks to show he’s just messing around, and I laugh. It feels good. Normal. “I’ll get right on that.”
Another 15 dollars.
Ruined everything.
“At least one for sure, yeah.”
“You almost lost control today,” Uncle Luke says carefully. “Standing here, right now, you might think it’s ridiculous for us to be worried about this, but today in that store, you were close to losing it.”
“About what?”
This is when Castiel realizes he’s not a very good slut at all. He barely lasts five seconds before he’s gagging and pulling away in a panic, spit spluttering. He feels awful and defeated. This was his reward and he ruined it!
Now, I’ll take care of him.
“Just Ash?” he asks far too casually, keeping his eyes on his keyboard despite the fact his hands aren’t moving.
“Well, perfect then.” Castiel winks at him, more playful now. “But I like your legs.”
"Mmm. I'll accept that, yes, but
It's his third day in the hospital and they still haven't been able to get Jimmy to remember a damn thing. He knows how to speak. Knows the names of everything. He understands how things work. Is aware of bodily needs and functions. He has all of the knowledge a man in his 20s should have, but when it comes to anything personal, anything at all, it's just… blank. A void in his head that he keeps trying to swim through, only to wind up exhausted and drowning.
Castiel scrubs a hand down his face before pausing with it covering his eyes. He laughs softly, the sound void of any humor. “Fucking nightmare.”
“Don’t you dare!” Dean growls, his voice is so fucking angry but so fucking aroused at the same time. “If you come before I say so, you’ll fucking regret it, boy.”
I spend Saturday night sitting in the window seat of my bedroom. It’s a cloudless night, the full moon bright enough to hurt my eyes if I stare directly at it. Wolves howl off in the distance from time to time. It makes me smile for some reason.
Dean chokes on a laugh next to him, making Castiel blush - which he’d like to go on record by saying he never used to do before, and Dean Winchester has ruined him.
Jack’s fingers dig into my knee, drawing me back to reality. He and Charlie send waves of calm towards me through our threads. When I have myself under control, guilt begins to eat away at me. I thought of Dean as mine again.
Dean smirks, his confidence growing with every nervous squirm and blush and shaky word Castiel gives him. “Yes, Castiel. Dinner with me tonight.”
Groaning, Castiel adjusts his grip on his gun and forces himself to do as told.
of me but
It's just… gone.
“I think, after everything you’ve been through, and everything your father went through, that shouldn’t matter. You deserve to focus on what
with that?”
"Ya know, Cas, I never want to be that guy that forces sex. I don't wanna be that boyfriend who thinks you owe him or you can't say no because we're dating." Dean huffs an angry laugh. "But you can barely kiss me. I see the way you shrink in on yourself when I touch you. You can't even get hard anymore."
Laughing, I inform him, “You were asking when I’ll fuck you.”
“You are, sweetheart. You’re taking care of sir right now. Just by existing.”
The smile slips as Dean remembers the past few minutes. "He hit me.”
“Yup. Kid ate, made fun of me, googled shit, and watched what I’m assuming was some very nice porn.” Castiel startles, his face flooding with heat as he realizes Benny was fully aware of what Castiel had been up to. He stares down at his dark tablet, refusing to look up at either of the men in the room. He’s mortified.
“Cool.” Castiel perks up. The room is suddenly fun instead of overwhelming. He gets a glimpse of the sparkly glitter suit and grins. “How much would Dean hate me if I made him wear that?”
All the lights are off except for a lamp beside the bed. The sight he finds melts his heart. Castiel is asleep on top of the covers, wearing a pair of Dean’s sweatpants, and one of Dean’s old football shirts from high school that’s way too small for Dean now, but still drowns Castiel. He’d love to see the boy in something Dean fits in currently,  since he's grown so much. Castiel would look fucking adorable.
“Jesus fucking Christ,” Dean hears
As long as it means being with Dean forever, he’ll take it.
“Elephant?” Gabriel asks.
“It’s not that bad.”
“Yes.” Dean finally looks at Castiel again, giving him a mischievous grin. “Let’s begin.”
"Okay," he whispers under his breath as he approaches the wide basin full of plates and pans. "Dishes. Can't be too hard."
"Do you know what that means?" Before Castiel can guess, Dean smashes their lips together violently, his mouth hungry and demanding. He growls into the kiss, "You're healthier. You're fucking healthier now." Then he goes back to kissing Castiel so hard Castiel gets dizzy and breathless.
Cupping the back of Dean’s head, I guide his face to my claiming spot and run the other hand along his spine. He practically purrs as he presses harder against me. “Thought you left.”
“Wow.”
“Good.”
“No,” Dean says again. “I’m not letting you bathe alone.”
Dean still has money left over from Castiel - plenty of money - but he doesn’t want to use it. The idea of being reliant on Castiel financially doesn’t sit right with Dean. Plus, it’d be nice to keep it for emergencies.
"But what if, like, some of his cum somehow got in there or whatever." I cover my face again. "Oh my god, I can't believe I'm talking about this with you."
Castiel doesn't say a word until Dean is done. As Dean reaches for the other washcloth, intending to clean himself, Castiel asks, "Can I?"
“Oh. I was just-” Castiel pauses, biting his bottom lip. Then he sighs and admits, “I don’t know what any of this shit is.”
“I’m sure he’ll let him soon,” Dean says in a slow drawl, keeping the possible double meaning of the question in mind. “Since he’s being such a good boy.”
The two of us fall into a silence for a while. Surprisingly, it’s my dad who speaks first. Even more surprisingly, it’s about Dean’s dad. “John liked sleeping with me as a wolf, though. I’m sure Dean will too. Apparently we’re like a fluffy, warm body pillow.”
Dean shakes his head. “No. Just thinking about how much I - how happy I am,” Dean corrects last minute, his face heating up.
Mouth suddenly very dry, Dean licks around the inside before darting the tip of his tongue between his lips. His voice is crackly and low when he speaks. He still can’t look at him. “Yes, M-” Dean hangs his head. Growls under his breath. It’s been two fucking years. Two fucking years and his instinct is still to kneel for this monster. To call
Dean nods in agreement, laying down on his side and tugging at Castiel’s arm to get him to join. They settle in their usual positions, Dean's head on Castiel's shoulder and Castiel's hand on the small of Dean's back. Dean nozzles the man's throat, sighing happily at the scent of him.
“Well, for one, he’s too well behaved. No fun at all. Two, he looks for relationships, which I don’t do. Or, well,
“I have to find him.” I push to my feet, now feeling just as shaky as Dean had looked. “Shit, I have to - someone call my dad. Jack. Jack, call my dad.”
Anger that he’d ever even doubt me on this makes my wolf thrash. “Of course!”
The flogger stops.
“It’s going to be full soon, you know.”
Dean surprises him, though. Apparently he’s not focused on Castiel’s hole. Not yet, at least. “Snap the fingers of your free hand if you want to lake, and drop your ball for ocean. Snap if you understand.”
"Go ahead. Get him nice and wet. I didn't bring lube."
Once the skin that was covered by the soaked boxers is dabbed mostly dry, Dean picks Castiel up again, carrying him out of the bedroom. If Castiel notices, he doesn’t show it. Dean knows he must be pretty out of it when they walk through the playroom door without Castiel even flinching.
Instead, it looks like my dad’s on the edge of a smile. “Your claim to him is being honored.”
After a quick lick to Dean’s slit to collect any remaining pre-cum, Castiel looks up at his pet and says in a low, almost taunting voice, “You’re in trouble, remember?”
“You didn’t say I couldn’t,” Castiel growls back.
Then soft pink lips brush against his adams apple and Dean's raspy voice confesses, "I love you so much, Cas. Love you so much."
"I have faith in you."
“Yes, sir.”
Can he?
“There’s nothing-” he doesn’t finish the sentence, his air choking him as his balls are grabbed and twisted. It’s not until they’re finally released, an awful throb pounding between his legs in rhythm with his own heart, that he even notices the sudden body heat of sir being near him again. He had missed it.
Before Dean can even process what’s happening, Castiel has grabbed the scraps of fabric he used before and wrapped them expertly around Dean’s wrists. The binding is nice and tight, digging in just enough to remind Dean it’s there without causing harm. Dean’s breathing slows, and his heart rate evens out as he slips into the safety of the moment.
, I’m going to fuck you.”
Phi Delta Theta's Stupid Cupid party couldn't have come at a better time if you ask Castiel Novak's opinion. He failed his midterm, putting his scholarship at risk. His roommate just got back together with his ex and they've been having obnoxious marathon sex the past week, neither of them giving two fucks if Castiel is sitting right there. His best friend Charlie just got a new girlfriend - which is great, don't get him wrong, he's ecstatic for her - but that means she's never available lately. And, to top it all off, Castiel's ex - who he broke up with this past fall after finding out he was cheating on him the entire 2 years they were dating - just got spontaneously married to the very same guy he had been using to cheat on Castiel with.
Dean shivers. “Definitely.”
Dean hangs up before Castiel can say anything more. He pushes up to his feet on shaking legs and walks back to the vehicle he was working on, ducking his head beneath the hood again. He shuts his mind off and works.
Dean is shocked at the level of authority in Castiel's voice. So shocked, he answers honestly. "It's my playroom."
Dean just laughs and pats his head like he’s an adorable kitten.
So, it's not because they're demons that Castiel doesn't like these people he's currently sitting with at lunch. It's
“Hey now, staff doesn’t come in here, remember? Don’t be shutting down my future fight inspirations.”
I wonder what her part was in the drama that occured all those years ago.
"Dean, it's just not a good idea."
“Yes?” Castiel asks with his eyebrows raised, looking over at Dean like he’s a puppy waiting for a treat or praise.
We finished our lunch quietly, only exchanging a few words here or there about homework or school gossip.
At least, all of what happened at the end. With the good Castiel. The real Castiel.
“You’re not meant for dates, omega,” the other man says with a harder than necessary smack to my ass cheek. “You’re meant to be
It burns because it's not a lie. Dean
“Why?”
“No, Dean. It’s okay. Let him.” Castiel untangles his body from Dean’s, pressing a kiss to his forehead before fully pulling away. Then he stands and strides over to his computer. Gabe and Sam gravitate towards him. Dean takes a few deep breaths while staring at the ocean before joining them.
"It was…" Castiel drops his gaze to the ground, suddenly much more ashamed of himself than he was a minute ago.
“Why?”
Castiel takes a deep breath, shivering as he smells what I’m sure is a whole lot of me. I’m about to ask if I smell different when I’m in heat when he asks, “Can I fuck you?”
Hopefully this was worth the wait <3
"Yes?"
"I know. He said I can come visit soon. He wants you to get more comfortable there first, and for you to adjust to your meds a little. Which makes sense. I don't want to overwhelm you."
My favorite time of the year.
Castiel can't do anything but whimper. He's painfully hard now, and he knows Dean is aware. His boner is pressed against Dean's right thigh, and it's not shy.
“I couldn’t keep him safe.”
“Benny,” I growl, pressing my body between his and Dean’s despite his reluctance to move. Ignoring him, I give Dean the smile I’ve learned makes his heart race. “Hey, you.”
Gabriel laughs softly. “Alright, yeah. Figured that much. Anything specific?”
“I promise.”
“No. His friend is gay - a girl kind of gay. She’s a lesbian, I mean. He probably just wanted to talk to her. But she’s into the same kind of stuff he is. Ya know, like bdsm and all that. I’m just worried that he wanted to talk to her because he regrets it or something. I dunno.” Castiel buries his face in his free hand and groans. “Does that sound stupid?”
It’s not right.
"Look at me." Dean releases a breath of relief and lifts his chin until his gaze meets Castiel's. When Castiel gives him an encouraging smile, Dean matches it. He even puffs up a bit with pride and confidence, probably able to see in the way Castiel is looking at him that Castiel is extremely pleased. "Thank you for submitting to me, Dean. I hadn't expected you to kneel for me tonight. You doing so makes me feel very honored. I want you to know I understand how big this is for you and I appreciate your trust in me. You are such a good, sweet boy for me. More perfect than I can express. Thank you for your control."
“Stop looking at him like you’re trying to figure out how to soften the blow each time you’re about to answer me. Just tell the truth. Don’t patronize me by exchanging looks like parents trying to decide how to handle their troublesome child.”
Dean adds in his mind.
The kitchen.
"Nhhmmmh. Goo - so good."
“Good.”
He had forgotten how much he loved waking up to Castiel's smell.
“That fucker stopped, right?” Gabriel growls.
This makes Dean laugh some more, but his eyes are getting too heavy and his mind is fogging once more. He thinks he'd really like to sleep.
“I figured out a way to sneak in there. And he - he sort of caught me.”
“Ahh. Okay.” Dean nods, almost smiling. That’s easy. That’s something he can fix. “I have an intercom system here. It’s attached to my phone. If you’re ever up here and I’m doing something elsewhere, I’ll have my Bluetooth in my ear. The moment you speak your safeword, I’ll hear it as if I was here with you, and I’ll come as fast as I can. I will never leave you in here alone during anything else but kneeling, I swear. But if it still makes you uncomfortable, then it can be something we talk about. Okay?”
Castiel swallows down all of the swears he wants to spit at sir, settling instead for an angry, “If you’re going to kill me, get it over with.”
"He said you're nearly done with the adjustments. It's up to you, but he thinks you should push through this last bit."
A warm hand slick with lube is suddenly wrapping around Dean’s cock then, drawing a muffled moan from him. Sir chuckles as he glides his thumb down the curve of his erection towards his balls. He rolls each one in his hand, leaving them wet for the cool air to kiss once his fingers disappear.
“Mmm. No spanking, perhaps, but don’t you worry. Your ass will still be red by the end of this.” Sir chuckles, his hand remaining tight in Castiel’s curls. “I’m going to use you as my little test subject today. How does that sound, boy?”
for me. I’m so very
Dean laughs, which makes Castiel’s entire face light up. “I don’t want you to pull my chair out, Cas. But thanks for offering.”
“Oh, thank god. Great. Hard limit. Feet are just… ew. No.”
His smile grows as he chuckles. “Are you sure? You don’t sound sure.”
The waiter nods, then takes their menus. When he’s out of earshot, Castiel says in a low voice, “You don’t have to eat the soup, Dean.”
"Yeah. I - yeah." Dean takes a deep breath, looking off at the mountains. "I'm getting married."
For the first time in years, Castiel falls asleep smiling.
," I argue, my face hot.
Dean shakes his head. "Normal people live apart at first. They - they go on dates and they-"
“Did they know right away though? I mean, that they were true mates?”
“Pssssh. Excuses excuses.”
Too much of a coward to call his brother, Dean settles for sending a text, inviting him over for dinner tonight. When Sam accepts a minute later, Dean sends another asking him to come early so they can talk.
Jack and I exchange a look. Charlie fills her in. "He's an omega."
He unravels beautifully.
“Sure. Fine. Whatever.” I pull my wallet out, blindly grabbing a handful of bills and tossing them on the table. It’s way more than our meal would have been but I really don’t care. “What’d his friend look like?”
“But, little Sammy-”
“I take it back. Nothing happened.”
“Yes. Yes, he is.” The male cashier licks his lips, openly appreciating Dean’s boy. “You have a very good boy there, Mr. Winchester.”
Castiel pours lube on his cock. Lots of it. He wants his handjob to be nice and loud. If the gasps and sounds of fidgeting against bedsheets are any indication, Dean can hear every slick movement of Castiel's hand.
him. To let go."
I should start immediately.
I have to cough after trying to swallow, choking on a lump of emotions. "Yeah dad. Yeah, it is."
He’s so out of my league, it’s not even funny.
Speaking of movies…
Yes. That’s an excellent idea.
"Shhh." Dean cups the back of the man's head, resting his forehead against Tammy's. His other hand starts stroking his cock again, slowly working him back into a state of arousal. Castiel knows what that feels like. Not to this scale, of course, but he does. That sudden shift from pain to pleasure. The relief. The gratitude.
them. And I’ve seen these last 2 years, and this last hour, that you are a man very capable of love.”
John’s upper lip curls in a snarl. “No son of mine would have fallen in love with a monster.”
His boy throws his head back on his shoulder and whines, his hand going to his lace covered cock. Dean grabs it just before it reaches its destination. Castiel makes a confused little sound before looking up at him in betrayal.
“That’s an excellent question, Castiel. I’ll sometimes be somewhere else, but never away from the house. Perhaps I have a meeting downstairs, or a call to make, or a discussion to have with Benny. I’ll send you up here to strip and kneel for me like this. And you’ll wait.”
"Please tell me Dean likes this place, because I'm coming back as often as possible."
Charlie answers. “You haven’t heard? He found his mate.”
Just as Dean is finished getting dressed for his… whatever you would it call it - Awakening? Informational session? Counseling? A hit upside the head? Pow-wow? Who knows? - a knock on the wing’s door draws his and Castiel’s attention. Castiel sinks further into the bed as Dean leaves to open the door for Benny. No one is supposed to come in here, at least that’s what Dean had made it sound like during the tour, and Castiel wonders if this is Benny’s first time or if being Dean’s best friend has allowed him to be in here before.
"Okay," Castiel whispers, his lips moving against Dean's skin.
Bobby sets eyes on me within seconds. He shoves away from my father and storms over to me, grabbing the front of my shirt and slamming me up against the wall. It doesn’t hurt enough. I want him to hurt me. To destroy me like I know the Demons are probably destroying Dean.
After a sweep that lasts only a few seconds, Dean has Castiel backed up against the door, hands on both sides of Castiel’s head to cage him in and ensure that the door won’t open. Not that Castiel believes Benny would let anyone inside, anyway.
"Okay…" Dean let's go of Castiel's hand to run his own through his hair. It feels like there's suddenly an ocean of space between them, and Castiel is drowning in it. "What hurt most was him dropping me off there, I think. He broke so many promises that day, and he took my choices away
(See the end of the chapter for
Anywhere he fucking wants.
With a sharp nod, Castiel bites down on his bottom lip and plays a reminder on repeat in his mind to stay quiet. The rope is cut and the pressure on his shoulders and neck is released. He relaxes into the mattress, but that only lasts a second before he’s being shoved down, his face in a pillow and his ass in the air.
"Grab my drink, pet."
"Most likely."
But which hall is mine?
The doctor catches his reaction, pausing with his pen hovering over the chart. "I'm sorry. Am I incorrect that you are engaged to Mr. Winchester?"
I pull my hands away from my face but continue to stay focused on my coffee, unable to meet Uncle Bobby’s eyes. “Right…”
Home.
A hand touches the small of my back, making me jump. I turn around and look up at Alastair in confusion. He just smiles. It's wide and toothy. “Do I make you nervous?”
“Exhilaration. Arousal. Desire.” Dean chuckles darkly. “You may not have liked that he was watching you, but you liked that I talked about you with him. How he appraised you. How he exposed you.”
The moment Castiel has me alone, he backs me up against my locker and takes my chin between his thumb and forefinger. I shiver beneath the touch, but I still manage to avoid his eyes. His hand lingers on my face for another second before he drops it. The paper in my hand crinkles between us. When I look down at it, I see he’s gently holding the corner. “May I?”
“Um… yeah. Yeah. Okay.” Castiel white knuckles the book he’s holding, using both hands as if the 4x6 tiny clump of papers would try to tear itself out of his grip. “Dinner tonight sounds… good. Great. Really great, actually.”
There’s a post-it note on Castiel’s steering wheel when he slides into his car before work.
"Ahhh!" Dean tries to buck forward and pull back at the same time, his body unsure of what it even wants. "I - ngh - j - ffff."
“T-too-” Dean chokes and coughs. Gasps. Castiel doesn’t let up on the pressure. “Too des - esp - ‘t.”
Castiel whines. It’s not fair.
Benny's whole face falls. "That's the least exciting ending to a story I've ever heard."
“Would you like to know what I plan to do with you once you’re bound?”
A virgin.
“Are you ready for your reward for being such a good boy for me today?”
The second thing is:
Just as the final song begins to crest, Castiel finds the
"What?" Benny charges toward him. "That's bullshit. We don't keep secrets, Dean. We never have."
“Stop talking about him, you son of a bitch!” Bobby barks, shoving my dad away. I know that my dad let him. Or maybe let him isn’t the exact word. My dad looks wrecked. Unable to meet anyone’s eye. His breathing labored. His whole body trembling.
Unfortunately, Castiel doesn't get to stay there long. He has to sit up, turn, twist, stand, sit again with his feet on the floor. His pulse, blood pressure, temperature, and blood is taken. He's asked a lot of questions. Most of them Dean has to answer for him.
“Game,” Castiel whispers, his voice an echo of sir’s in which he sounds
“Eat five spoonfuls, and you can be done. Eat the whole bowl, and you get a reward.”
“That’s two questions,” Dean says after a very long stretch of silence. It’s an excuse. A poor one.
“Dean and I. We have a thread.”
“Easy there,” he says with a charming smile. “Are you o-” his smile pauses, then drops until his expression transforms into something cold that sends a shiver down my spine. His grip on my elbows tightens until I whimper. The sound affects him. Relaxes him. His lips part like he’s a breath away from an apology, his eyebrows pulling down in concern. I watch as his nostrils flare with a few long, deep breaths. “You smell-”
Master.
That could work.
Nothing.
Castiel watches his friend for a few more seconds. He’s really twisted up about this. More than just in an amusing sort of way. “Gabe, you aren’t - I mean, do you plan on…
“Okay,” I whisper, feeling a little dizzy.
“Shoppers and cleaners and all that shit. It’s excessive. If we’re going to be using that money, we’re going to be using it to survive. Not to act like spoiled brats.”
“So beautiful, pet,” Castiel whispers breathlessly.
Castiel nods again, his eyes starting to slide closed. Dean better hurry this along before he loses him.
"Castiel? Are you okay? Oh god. Dean said you'd be fine today. Are you feeling sick? Is this - are you having an attack? Hold on, I'll call Dean."
“Okay.” He takes a deep breath and nods. Then, more firmly, “
“I never promised to be nice, now did I, little angel?”
Dean looks away from Castiel, his eyes traveling around the room. “It may be fancy, but it really is a prison, isn’t it?”
“Brats are…” Dean trails off and Castiel feels like shriveling up in a ball and disappearing. “Brats are long-game. One scene with them just isn’t - it isn’t enough, in my opinion at least. The thing about brats is how diverse the play is. Fluid. If I wanted to play with a sub, I’d talk terms with them beforehand. What they want from the scene, what I want, and negotiate from there. The scene starts, they obey the rules set up, you give them whatever was discussed, punish them if they fuck up, scenes over, you do aftercare, all is well.”
“Those boys are trouble. No good for you.” He waves a hand in my direction. “If you’re smart, you’ll steer clear of them.”
control himself. He can be a good boy. The perfect boy. Sir has to give him a chance to show him.
“Pet?” Castiel asks, and by the tone of his voice Dean thinks maybe he’s asked it more than once. When he speaks again, there’s a tinge of panic in his voice. “Dean?”
"Not appreciating the
“Why? You’re gonna kill me either way!”
“But he likes you too!” Charlie nearly yells.
"Fuck," Dean growls, his own orgasm becoming unbearably hard to hold back. He laughs breathlessly as he fucks into the body beneath him. "You stubborn fucking boy. You're really going to sacrifice your orgasm, aren't you?"
I dig my nails into the dirt and grumble low in my throat, unable to stop myself from imagining Dean getting raped and hurt.
Castiel takes a seat on the couch and leans back so he can watch his boy obey orders. He studies every movement, committing them to memory. The way Dean picks up his shirt from the bottom and lifts instead of reaching back and removing it from the collar. The way his arms move as he flutters the shirt in the air so he can fold it neatly on the table without wrinkles. The way his stomach twists when he bends over and stands again. The way his gorgeous hips sway as he shimmies out of his jeans and underwear. The way his ass just screams to be colored pink.
Since they’re in the louder part of the club now, Dean has to slightly shout over the music. “Home!”
slave. Willing or not, that’s who I was. Once I let go of that, it was like I was free to figure out what else I was about now.”
Getting an idea, I grab his slim hips and easily flip him so he’s on his hands and knees. He doesn’t complain about the new position. Probably because he can hide his face in the pillow now.
Dean shifts on his feet before looking down at the ground and asking, “Can you just give me more time, please? And… space?"
Castiel types Aleksandr Belov, Moscow. 9,280,000 results appear on the screen. Google informs them that it only took 0.66 seconds to find them all.
Part two of date night - Dean learns some things about Cas, & Cas learns some things about himself (;
Then the soft, loving moment is gone, replaced with a desperate urgency. Castiel sits back and grabs Dean’s shirt, not even hesitating before literally ripping it off of him. The boy beneath him gasps and blushes. He’s not innocent, though. His trembling fingers are working frantically at Castiel’s belt while Castiel sucks and bites marks into Dean’s neck, marking Dean as
"Please!" Dean moans. "Please."
Now, Castiel stays up at night terrified that he’s too much like him. That he’s keeping his father alive by keeping himself alive. That he has monster in his veins. As inescapable as the need to breathe.
It doesn't help that Dean is late for dinner. Everyone else is talking and laughing as they stuff their faces with food, but Dean's nowhere to be found. No one has told Castiel why that is, either.
Dean takes it, writing his number on the inside of the cover. When he hands it back to Jimmy, he gives him a dazzling smile that takes Jimmy’s breath away - literally, one of his monitors beeps at him. “See you soon then.”
“Still?”
"But that means you need to be punished, Dean."
hooks him up to a machine to be fucked.
Castiel’s eyebrows pull in, as if my reaction shocked him. "What do you want me to do, then? Go back outside? I can, if you want, but you were upset when I was out there."
He gets…
“For what, Cas?” Dean asks incredulously.
“Just be safe. For me.” He takes a deep breath in through his nose and his eyes flutter shut for just a second. Then he gives me a tight smile and backs away. “See ya later, Dean.”
His brother grabs his laptop and brings it back to the bed. The two of them settle on their stomachs and look at the screen.
“You’re my mate.”
“Sure. No problem.” He looks over my shoulder, then gives me a small smile. “Your turn.”
“Is that so?” I grin. “Any particular reason?”
I whisper too. “I thought I got a picture of it.”
By the time they get to the shooting range, a separate building on Dean's property that Castiel had no idea existed, Castiel's heart is beating so hard he can barely hear the gunshots through the exterior walls. Dean presses a red button beside the door and a buzzer sounds. Within seconds, the building goes silent. Castiel sees why when they enter, Dean's hand on the small of his back to push him forward. Red lights are lit up above each aisle in the building, and everyone in there has put their guns down on the metal tables in front of them.
There’s a brown leather padded trunk at the foot of the bed. Castiel wonders what’s inside of it, but is convinced if he lifts the lid, something terrible will happen.
He allows his smile to stay in place for another second before dropping it, pulling his dominant mask down after. His body follows suit automatically, his back straightening and his shoulders pulling back. Castiel shudders.
Dean catches Benny smirking, but ignores it. He nods at Ellen and mumbles something about showering, then heads to his wing. Dean doesn't make it twenty feet before Benny is beside him. "What was that?"
“Dean…”
“You’re thinking loud enough for me to hear you all the way over here,” sir says from far away. Castiel turns his head to the left, where sir’s voice is. He’s unsure what to say. He’s unsure if that means he’s in trouble. “Let’s see if this helps you relax.”
"Mr. Novak," Dean says when Benny leads Chuck through his office door. He stands up and offers his hand, eyes darting to where two younger men are walking in behind him. One looks like Castiel, except the hair is cut short and the body is full of muscle.
step out of the shadows. He's not sure if it's that or the slight cutting off of his oxygen, but Castiel goes dizzy.
"Your parents invited me."
Dean's pupils dilate but his muscles gain tension. "But I'm not yours."
A plane brought him home.
Castiel nods. “Okay. I think I met her yesterday. Red hair, black glasses?”
Hell, there’s common theory that there are omegas that never even get the chance to present. They die without ever even knowing they had the gene in them. Without ever getting close enough to wolves to trigger the change.
He pulls his head back so he can look down into Dean's brilliant green eyes.
, sir." Castiel moans as he tosses his head back, slim hips frantic as they work his cock against Dean. "Wanna be good. Always wanna be good for you."
I nod, both because I fucking believe him and because I'd never do that to Dean anyway. "Yes, sir. Crystal clear."
Dean drags the bathroom garbage until it's beside the bed, then places a glass of water and a bottle of pain relievers on the end table. He scribbles a note and puts it folded against the bottle before placing his key beside it. He plugs Castiel's dead phone into his wall charger. Then he locks the door from the inside and walks out.
Dean's heart stutters, his throat closing. "You'll be here?"
“Wh - what if I did like it?” Castiel asks, confusion and arousal making his voice shake.
His brother’s eyes slide closed, and Castiel doesn’t think he’s ever seen Gabriel look so crushed. “I hope not. But he might, Cassie.”
“You fucking better.” They both laugh softly. Gabriel has always been skilled at pulling laughter from people, even when devastated. “Maybe Winchester will let us visit.”
," Dean says in exasperation as he watches Castiel toss cans of fancy feast into the shopping cart. It's been six months. Six months of Castiel saying there's a cat when there isn't. Him and Sam are past worried now. They're just annoyed. Cat food costs money. Especially fucking fancy feast.
“Alright smart ass.” Dean chuckles. “I mean it, though. I’ve never had another man in my bed. Not even in my room.”
Castiel’s confused. “The community? Like the mafia community?”
He frowns to himself as he realizes Castiel might not even know that Dean
pleasure. Nothing but holes for sir to use.”
It’s the Dr. Seuss of gorgeous kitchens.
This makes Gabriel pause, which is impressive because he was about to squirt whipped cream into his mouth, and Gabriel pausing sugar consumption is never something Castiel thought he’d see. He even puts the can down, frowning. “I’ve… never really thought about that.”
Dean wakes with a gasp, his heart already pounding as if it’s aware of a situation Dean’s mind hasn’t figured out yet. He reaches out to Castiel’s side of the bed. It’s still warm, but it’s empty. Just as he’s about to call out for him, Dean hears what sounds like a sob coming from their bathroom. He sits still, holding his breath as he listens. When Dean hears it again, he launches off the bed and hurries to the source of the distressed sounds.
With a shaky exhale, Castiel asks in the tiniest voice, “Are you going to have sex with me now?”
. That's fucking unacceptable.
“Well, I woke up in the middle of the night and went to play the piano. I-”
And he does. Castiel sits in the sand, far enough away so they won't get wet but close enough to hear the waves softly curling against the shore. He puts Dean in between his legs and holds him close, Dean's back pressed to his chest. With one end of the blanket in each hand, Castiel wraps his arms around Dean, cocooning him in warm cashmere and Castiel.
Dean grabs Castiel’s cheeks with one hand and squeezes, making him gasp. “You’re still my sub right now. We haven’t stopped our scene. You’re wearing my collar. Your ass is stuffed with my plug. Your cock is poking out of your jeans right now because of me. Show me some fucking respect, brat, and address me properly.”
“What to do to my slutty little hole first, hmm?”
I push the fabric of his shirt up and over his head, tossing it off to the side. Then I start to work on his jeans. His tight briefs are wet in the front from his precum. When I run my fingertips along the cups of his ass, I feel that he’s still dry back there. No slick production yet.
“This part is real,” I explain. “But I found this clearing and I laid down, and now I’m thinking I fell asleep there. But it doesn’t make sense if I fell asleep there, because then I would have had to wake up to come home, and part of the dream was me coming home and then I was just home but I shouldn’t have been home if it was a dream.”
Then, “But what about his dom? Doesn’t he… wanna come?”
Dean leans on the windowsill and takes in a deep breath, eyes closing as the salty air fills his senses. “It’s perfect.”
Castiel smirks. “Not so easy to find the words, is it?”
“I can get one and you can get the other. Then we can share.”
Dean blushes. “Thank you, sir.”
Apparently love, at least Dean’s love, hurts.
Castiel shivers. “Yeah… he’s - he’s bein’ really good.”
I laugh. “Well, that didn’t take much convincing.”
"I don't want to wake everyone up."
“And the moon?” he asks with a grin.
“I can’t explain it. There was a man, and he - we - I can’t explain it.”
“I promise.” Castiel shifts his pinky finger, wrapping it around Gabriel’s in a tight hold. “No killing myself.”
“After the bath we should take a nap.”
“No. Alphas and betas are shifters. Omegas aren’t shifters, they never shift, not that I’ve ever heard of at least. They're human… but
“Oh.”
When I get back to my father, Bobby has arrived. The man is yelling, his arms flying through the air, but he can't fool us. We're wolves here. We can all smell the terror coming off of him in thick waves. The grief. The desperation. His rage is barely an afterthought, even if that's the only thing he's willing to acknowledge himself.
“Oh, sweetheart, no. Not at all.” I kiss along his jaw and down his neck, nuzzling his claiming spot. “I just went to get you some snacks and drinks. I need to take care of you, remember?”
“Either,” Castiel begs around his silky gag. “Anything. God, anything. Just fuck me, sir. Please. Please, fuck me.”
“What’s what like?”
“Ahhh.” He sits down beside me. “And by everyone, you mean the
The wording doesn’t go unnoticed by Gabriel. Castiel promised not to kill himself, but he didn’t say anything about not hurting himself. That coping mechanism will most likely come into play. It’s not often Castiel hurts himself, but they both know this upcoming period of time is going to be the hardest yet for Castiel. They’d be naive to assume Castiel can go without his crutch.
But is dinner the right first move? Or does he bring Castiel to a club tonight instead?
Dean stares at me for another second or two before blinking rapidly and looking at Benny. He forces a wobbly smile. “I’m okay. Thanks, Benny.”
"Mhhhm."
With the first true hit, harsh and direct, painting a slash of pink across the fleshy underside of his ass cheeks, the boy keens. Dean informs him casually, “That was for not listening when I told you to hold still the first time.”
“I’ll be right back, okay?”
He’s not fucking
“Did they hurt you?” he asks, one hand holding me up while the other starts to roam my body again. “Did they touch you? What did they do to you?”
"Walk with me?" Dean asks, nodding toward a door that leads outside.
“Yeah.”
“Smaller side,” I say with a smirk. “He’s a virgin.”
“And I spent two years failing,” Sam says dryly. “Failing at the mission your abuser who you claimed
After settling on a documentary about honey bees - Castiel has realized in the past two years he finds nature quite fascinating - he puts the remote down.
“I - I think I’ve got it.”
Maybe he can talk to Castiel about that in the future. Maybe the boy will one day let him play this game again. If Dean knew ahead of time, if he was able to prepare, this would be… well, he’d say amazing, but this is already amazing. It’d be even better, if that’s possible. It’d sure be more fun. More creative. Longer. Harsher.
“Do you think maybe I could call my brother?”
He yanks his phone out of his pocket and collapses to the ground. His eyes are too blurry to look at the screen, but Dean’s fingers somehow manage to dial the number he has memorized. Castiel answers almost immediately.
Castiel watches Dean’s every move as he fills a glass with ice and water before bringing it to Castiel. He places it on the table beside Castiel’s plate, blushing when Castiel thanks him.
. Because of
“I’m going to go get a drink of water,” Jimmy says quickly. He gives Dean a fake smile. “I think I just got a little dizzy there.”
?” Castiel asks defensively.
“We fought that night, you know.”
Suddenly feeling like a giddy teenager, Castiel smiles. “Yeah, I’d like that.”
“Out!”
“Make my drink a strong one.”
“Yeah, I ain’t passing that up. My view in Lawrence is of a wrecking yard.”
Trying to shake him off of me, I scream, “No!”
I like that a lot. I want to sit with him for hours, peeling back each individual layer, studying him, memorizing him.
“Am I?” Castiel asks, perking up with a desperate need for it to be true. For him to be a good boy.
Castiel’s heart skips. He doesn’t think he’ll ever get used to that. “I love you, too, Dean.”
Castiel regrets asking for this whole bdsm outside of the playroom thing because he'd give anything to reach out for Dean, and he knows that's probably against the rules now.
“I – do you?” Castiel’s eyebrows pull in, his gaze flicking over to the chair next to Dean. He puffs up a little as if preparing for a challenge. “I can do that.”
“Mmmm.”
“Not being in control,” Castiel says with a ‘duh’ expression.
“No, you said it’d be a bad idea because you didn’t want to upset them. I don’t give a fuck if I upset them. Therefore, here I am, doing this.”
I suppose I'll just have to wait and see.
“Well, you are more than welcome to wear them any time”
“Ya - ya know, I don’t know how many times I went to bed busted up,” Dean admits, having no idea why he’s telling some stranger any of this. He’s never told
“So…” Castiel clears his throat, eyes darting over Dean’s shoulder before landing back on Dean. “What do you think?”
"What do you think of him?"
Castiel spends his afternoon out on the bedroom balcony, fiddling with his brand-new guitar. It's a great place to think. And the doctor gave him a lot to think about.
Castiel laughs softly. "Is that so?"
Dean’s eyes soften. He returns to the man he always is outside of this room, shedding
Benny takes a simple light blue pocket square that matches the dress shirt beneath Dean’s vest and suit jacket, placing it in Dean’s pocket with a presidential fold.
Gabriel makes a humming noise. “You sure he’d be cool with me there?”
Strangely enough, Castiel believes that. He honestly believes Dean would give him anything in his power.
"Both of you stop," Meg hisses from off to the side. "And someone come makeout with me."
Fucking them.
“Good.” Dean squeezes his hand once before letting go and returning to a comfortable position in his chair. “Now, my three questions.”
Dean nods. He does know this. Gabriel is the black sheep of the family. He sleeps with angels, demons, and non-presenters. It makes his family ashamed but he promised them to never have kids - to never soil the family line - so they allow him to stay instead of disowning him.
Surely, that means he should at least try this.
This time, Castiel remembers what he’s been taught. He relaxes his throat, only gagging once more, this time just a soft thing before his body gives in again. It’s not long before the boy starts to squirm on the ground. At first, it’s just a subtle roll of his hips, rocking back against his foot to get the massager in his hole to move a little. Then it was more like little hops as he tried to fuck himself on something too small to do so. Then it was shifting side to side, his thighs trying to make contact with his neglected cock.
“You’re lucky I like you.”
I start to stand up, but he grabs my wrist and tugs me back down, his laughter loud and booming in the air around us. “I’m sorry. I’ll stop. But you guys did get together, right?”
And he’s never been happier.
“I’m thirteen… fourteen, maybe.”
. I try to assure him I’m going to come for him. I try to promise I’ll always take care of him. I tell him over and over that I love him.
“Great. Then, yes, I like him. But friend code - you can’t tell him, because I would
Dean chuckles. “You’ll just have to wait and find out.”
No. He wants to come whenever he damn well pleases.
“You deserve it,” Castiel whispers. “I wish I could give you more.”
A waitress shows up just at that moment, and Dean mumbles under his breath, “Oh, thank god.”
"What do you say we watch a movie and then call it an early night, hmmm?"
“No. Lebanon.” I gesture towards the field. “You?”
"I don't care, Cas. I don't care what you wear."
“I disagree.” When Dean doesn’t respond, Benny asks, “Have you spoken to Sam about it?”
“Yes,” Castiel says quietly.
Castiel smirks. “Noted.”
Castiel begins jacking himself again. He's already close, but he wants to draw it out a bit. Make Dean's punishment last. If they were together, the boy would be in for at least an hour or two of torment, but since Castiel won't be there to care for him after, he's luckily getting off with this. He'll have to listen to his master -
“Yes, and no. I smelled you, and I knew you were an omega, but that’s not all of it. We’re - you and I are - we’re something more. The others couldn’t smell you until today, until the gene was activated, and they say you smell different than what you smell like to me. To them, you smell like every other omega. To me, you - you smell way fucking better. You smell like Christmas.”
Did they make him? Did he have me and decide he didn't want to do this anymore?
Fighting the urge to look over at Dean, Castiel admits, "I don't know where to start."
Dean has to find some way to make it up to him.
Castiel can't remember the last time he was just
. It’s intoxicating, watching him bloom beneath Dean’s hand. He energizes, more life in him than ever before, but he also relaxes. A weight lifts from him, a weight he trusts Dean to carry, and that honor means more to him than the world.
Leaning my hands against the stall door, I hang my head between my shoulders. A fear of mine bubbles past my lips without my permission. “Did I fuck up while you were sick?”
“Promise!”
I read the note three times in a row, frowning at it.
“Of course.”
do celibacy.
Dean squints down at his empty glass of wine, considering. Does he like it? He thinks he does.
Castiel almost looks at Gabriel again before catching himself last minute, quite obviously focusing on Dean instead. He gives him a tight smile. “I’m sorry.”
“Thank you, sir,” Castiel whispers, not even sure what he’s thanking him for or why he’s thanking him or what his life means anymore.
Castiel fumbles for a dish towel, hurrying to mop everything up. When he feels Dean come up behind him, his body hotter than the damn coffee Castiel spilled, he lurches away from the counter and hurries out of the room. He closes his bedroom just in time to hear Dean’s amused, “Okay, sure, I’ll clean this up for you, Cas.”
Castiel reaches over and grabs the TV remote. He turns it on, ignoring Dean standing there with his cock hard and leaking. There’s not much on, but that doesn’t matter. Castiel doesn’t exactly plan on paying much attention.
“Alpha,” Castiel whines, his little body shivering. “Alpha, please. Please. Alpha. Please.”
“I’m going to go see if your mother needs help in the garden.”
Dean’s eyes fall on the shorter woman behind the podium as he hands her his ticket and ID, still talking to the blonde woman. “Where you goin’ to?” He looks over at her ticket and reads her destination. “Lauderdale? Me too!”
Just when Castiel thinks everything is finally done, the doctor and Dean exchange a look. Castiel feels his stomach twist as he watches them. The pain gets worse as Dr. Warren says, "Castiel, I need to check your cuts. Just to make sure they're healing properly."
Instead, he lightens the mood.
As he comes down from the high, he starts to fully grasp what just happened. He knows Castiel is probably getting hit with the same reality, and Dean knows that boy well enough to know he's slipping straight into panic mode. Mutual masturbation or a full scene in the playroom, it doesn't matter. Dean's giving that boy aftercare whether he likes it or not.
“That’s so-” Castiel stops, shaking his head in awe.
Frowning, Dean closes the fridge and cups the side of Castiel's face. "Be honest with me, how much have you eaten since you came here?"
An easy smile pulls at Dean’s lips. “Very much, sir.”
Benny's nostrils flare. Dean isn't sure if he's ever seen the man look so pissed at him before. He's seen him enraged, furious enough to kill, to rip people apart with his bare hands, but never has it been directed at Dean. "Why are you acting like you couldn't care less about this? For fuckssake, Dean, if you don't care about yourself or us men, you at least care about Cas. What happens to him if things go south and we lose our stronghold on this city, huh?"
"Oh. Ouch." Anna winces dramatically, which means she doesn't feel bad at all. I glare at the little shit. No one would suspect her with her pretty outfits and kind smile, but she's a snarky little brat. She's lucky I love her to death. Plus, I suppose she’s earned the right to be bratty. She was born human into a pack of shifters. I can admit that’d be pretty damn frustrating. "I gotta be honest, I didn't expect you to mate with a human…"
“Yup.”
The man nods rapidly, whimpering and shuddering, little gasps falling from his lips.
Castiel shrugs. “Possibly. As far as I know, Alek never told her, or brought the slaves around her, but she wouldn’t be the first wife to just look the other way and keep quiet.”
“No, little angel,” Benny says in amusement, his body heat disappearing. “It’ll be the boss that’s fucking you.”
did he ever chew my ass out the second I started to tell him. Never even got through more than 2 or 3 sentences before he was biting my head off.”
“What about everything else?” the Lieutenant asks. “The rest of your injuries? How ya healin’ up?”
He should wash that off so he doesn’t get wax inside of his tight channel when Dean fucks him later.
Dean wavers slightly on his feet. “Sir?”
“Aaaaand we sort of - well we - I -”
"I don't know. I figured you planned on having them."
“Not that! Jesus Christ, Dean. You’re gay! Did you honestly believe I had a problem like that?”
“Try to sound less enthused. My goodness. Someone might think you’re weird if you keep this excitement up.” Charlie’s teasing makes Castiel laugh softly beneath his breath. He relaxes as she guides him toward a door. He likes Charlie. She reminds him of Gabriel.
Dean chuckles. “Ahh, I see. Well, mummification is basically your entire body being bound. Sometimes it’s with tape or rope. Other times people wear full latex suits with a hood or body bags. Things like that.”
At least now it makes sense why I was always Team Jacob.
I glance at the line again. It’s moving way too slow for my liking. Partly because it’s freezing, and partly because I suck at small talk.
Castiel’s head snaps up, his eyes widening. “Are you sure? He - he knows everything. He’ll want to talk about our past.”
"For?"
What Dean loves even more, though? The moment when the show ends, smoke filling the air and people clapping, when Castiel turns his head and looks at Dean with a goofy grin. Dean swears in those few seconds every year, they’re back on that roof again, two idiots that had no idea what a beautiful, messy life they were about to get into.
“Really?”
“Yeah?”
But Dean corrected himself. And Dean answered properly. So Dean deserves even more of a reward.
-----
Castiel is then tugged off of the pedestal and into a dressing room with far more room than Castiel thinks is necessary. The tailor seems ten times kinder once they're in the space, the man dropping his professional demeanor and taking what seems to be his first deep breath since they met. He blushes as he meets Castiel’s eyes, then shakes his head. "I don't know how you spend so much time around him."
“Understood, sir.”
“Oh.” Ellen grins. “They’re in the entertainment room.”
. Considering Dean is now tying Castiel’s wrists to the metal hoops on the headboard, the bed can only be so safe.
It's when the fireworks begin that I go to find Castiel.
Wondering if Castiel would be okay if he couldn’t be a father.
He thinks he might die if Dean doesn’t.
When Uncle Bobby wakes me up on the fourth day after the funeral and tells me it’s time to go, I don’t ask where. He asks me if I want any of the stuff left in my room. I look around to find that most of it is gone. Someone must have boxed it all up. My closet. My dresser. Even my bedside table is empty. There’s still bedding on my mattress and posters on the wall. I don’t want them. I tell him as much.
Bobby tightens his grip on my shirt and growls, “Use your thread!”
“Where are you from?” she asks as she inspects his ID with a flashlight.
Castiel looks guilty, but he keeps his gaze on Dean as Dean had requested. “When Sam and I met outside your home, when he had hugged me and thanked me for saving you - I asked him to take care of you. I told him you were going to need him more than ever.”
“Even though he totally likes you too,” Anna adds.
When John slams the door, Dean curls in on himself and begins to gently rock back and forth. His lungs refuse to allow any air in, no matter how many times he tries to coax them. He ends up in the small bathroom of the shop, spilling his guts into the toilet. The violent heaves of his body only worsen after that.
The door never fucking opened.
"You sound happy."
"I love you."
He shouldn't have gone alone.
"Yes," Castiel whispers, remembering that day all those years ago, the two of them standing in front of the bathroom mirror. Two men who were about to flip each other's worlds. "Thank you, Dean."
“Tell me about it.” Gabriel smirks. “Yours was strong enough to blow both of our decks into smithereens.”
This seems to leave Jimmy a bit perplexed, but he eventually nods. “Burgers and milkshakes it is, then.”
"Oh." I stare at Dean through the window, my heart racing. Heat. The poor boy is going to present and go into heat. He's going to be so confused. So terrified. I have to be there for him. “Dad, what am I going to do?”
Castiel smirks. “Then you can ask me a bonus question when it’s your turn.”
"Hey. Shhh. It's okay," Castiel promises. He can see Lucifer moving slowly off to the side. "Just stay here, okay?"
My mind finally gets a strong enough grip on our thread, allowing me to wrap myself around it. I hold on with everything I have and barrel through the house, not caring that Bobby will bitch at me for my claws scraping the floors and the lamp my tail accidentally knocks down. I’m already going to be in trouble for the front door that I had knocked down upon entering anyway.
“Watching movies in the bath with you will be great.” Dean closes the windows again and turns to look at him. The smile on his face is infectious. Castiel can’t help but match it. “This is… amazing, Cas.”
“It’s not bad for you. It’s not bad for an angel.” Dean pushes by Castiel and begins to turn the dial on his locker. “We don’t all have that privilege.”
happier.”
It sounds so simple. They're getting married. It shouldn't be hard.
“I’m trying, sir.”
Dean spits at him, then chucks the knife to the ground and turns his back on him. He looks over at Aaron and growls, "Let him bleed out. Make damn fucking sure he's
It’s embarrassing.
“Shhh.” Dean leans forward, pressing a kiss to the bunny’s tear-soaked cheek. “Don’t worry sweet omega. Your alpha has you. I’m gonna take good care of you, baby.”
“I like ‘em.” Castiel’s eyes flutter closed as Dean’s thumb skates along his jaw and down the curve of his neck. He shivers as it passes over a sensitive spot. “When are you gonna want me to - to kneel and stuff?”
Castiel takes a slow, deep breath and removes the coat. He hands it to Dean and immediately looks down at the ground. Dean’s dark chuckle is full of amusement and arousal. It makes Castiel want to drop to his knees on the spot, something Gabriel had mentioned submissives do a lot when they talked last. Gabriel had given him a lot of information about stuff like that. A little bit too much… Castiel had to tell him to stop after a while. Some things he just didn’t need to learn from his brother.
Castiel tilts his head back in an easy laugh. “Wanna bet?”
. I could hear him so clearly. See all the things he did to me. It was like I was reliving it. It was fucking awful."
“But-”
Castiel’s smile falls as he looks at what’s on the third shelf. “The - the plugs?”
“I used to feel really itchy in the city. Like I didn’t belong. But here… I feel like I’m home.” He shakes his head, pure confusion in his eyes as he seemingly pleads with me for something. I wish I knew what. I’d give it to him in a heartbeat. “Isn’t that weird, Castiel? To feel like that?”
His boy’s face turns bright red. He hates that he’s getting asked that right now because this is him admitting that he wants it to continue. Dean has a feeling his boy likes a little humiliation, though. Considering the fact he’s gently grinding himself against the bench. “Green, sir!”
“Right? Hot damn.” Gabriel winks at Castiel. “I’m not even gay, but he’d be nice to experiment with.”
Dean brings him first to the bed. He takes a deep, shaky breath and asks the mattress instead of Castiel, “Can I pick and choose what stays and what goes?”
says so, then yes, sir."
“Kind of.” He shrugs, looking at his friends. His cheeks go dark with a blush. It’s adorable, especially when compared to his usual confident demeanor. His friends are all smirking at him. Rolling his eyes, Benny looks back at me in exasperation and adds, “Couples do it. And, like, people… with crushes, and stuff. But that doesn’t have to be - I mean, friends do it too. It’s not a big deal. If you want. You don’t have to. Just if you want to. Wear it, I mean. The jersey. You don’t have to wear the jersey. You don’t have to come to the game either. Or the party, you know? I mean, I want you to-”
“I was, uh - it was the future, I guess.”
Sam makes an awful noise before muttering, “Fucking monsters.”
He bats the notebook away like a fly and catches the textbook easily in one hand. "Sweetheart-"
. The Demons are the main issue on the table. An alliance between The Hunters and The Angels is the only solution.
“It’s fine. It’s okay.”
“He’s an attractive young man, Mr. Winchester. I assure you. Let me show you a photo.” Chuck Novak begins to shift, ready to pull his phone out, but he stops when Dean puts a hand up.
This has to work.
It’s when Dean is placing Castiel on the bed that Castiel’s heart begins to race.
Dean grabs his squirt bottle of lube and presses the tip to Castiel’s hole. Castiel jumps and cries out, probably expecting more pain. Not wanting to scare the boy, Dean places a hand on the untouched skin of Castiel’s lower back and strokes him in soothing circles.
“But, full disclosure-” a small smirk pulls at Castiel’s lips. “You’ll have to do the laundry. I can handle dishes and sweeping or whatever, but laundry… I still haven’t mastered the laundry.”
I expect it to at least
Dean turns a tear-soaked face toward him and whispers in a broken, terrified voice, "I thought you left me again."
is here now. You can go,” Castiel says from the doorway, startling the two of us. I look over to find him standing in the doorway, hands pushed into the pockets of his jeans, his flannel sleeves rolled to his elbows. He leans a shoulder against the doorframe and arches an eyebrow at Anna.
“No, actually, it’s surgery. Full surgery.”
“You can’t promise things like that, Cas.” I give him a warm smile and nuzzle the palm of his right hand. “But I love you for trying.”
Castiel releases a shuddery breath, close to tears himself as he clings to Dean. “I’m sorry I forgot to call you sir.”
flirt with the Dean Winchesters of the world.
Dean shouts before nodding rapidly. “Yes, sir! Yes! I - yes, sir!”
Sir says nothing. He doesn’t even laugh. Which is how Castiel knows he’s angry. Maybe pretend angry, maybe real angry, but angry nonetheless.
When Castiel goes quiet, frowning slightly, Dean decides to take a break from the heavy talking. "Would you like to see the house?"
Castiel manages to grind once against the sheets before he’s screaming through his gag in agony. It takes a moment for his brain to push through the white-hot pain before he realizes what’s happening.
Legs shaking in anticipation, Dean hurries back into the living room to deliver sir’s drink. He almost stumbles to the ground when he sees what’s waiting for him. His sir’s cock is standing free and proud, sir gently stroking it as his eyes stay focused on the bee documentary. Dean’s so thrown off that he has to try twice to put the glass of scotch down without spilling.
“It’s supposed to be cold this weekend. I think it’s better if he wears a sweater.”
Sensing the desire Dean has to submit, but also sensing that Dean’s too afraid to take the first step, Castiel helps the boy by stepping in. “Get yourself a glass of ice water and a plate, Dean.”
“Yes, sir,” Castiel begs. “Please. Please, I want that really really bad.”
. It’s only a matter of seconds before I find him. He didn’t get far, having ducked into the boys locker room just around the corner from the cafeteria.
“What do you say?” Dean growls, tightening his grip until he knows there will be bruises on his boy’s skin. Marks. Claims. “What do you say to sir for making you feel better than ever before?”
Dean pulls away, patronizingly pats Chuck on the shoulder, and finishes with a smile that's easy as breathing, "Great talk. Don't let me see you around."
Castiel hasn't heard his father's voice in months.
The massager drops.
“Because you’ve dreamt of going away to college since you learned what college was. Then, after realizing how fucking amazing you are with music, you’ve dreamt of going to The Edlund Institute. But dad said absolutely not. Refused to even let you leave the house. Makes you take online classes. And you never fought it. You’ve been a legal adult for nearly a year now, and you’re still right here, miserable and angry.”
The thought startles Castiel as he realizes he should probably be on his knees.
Speaking of the ocean - the kitchen’s outer wall is shared with the outer wall of the dining area and living room as well, and the portion of it that’s in the kitchen is made up of four large, white panels of floor to ceiling windows that are framed by white linen curtains. It’s a perfect view of the ocean. Almost as good as the bathing room upstairs.
"Castiel-" Dean warns, and it
"Hey? Are you alright?" Nearly jumping out of his skin, Castiel snaps his head up to find a girl with red hair and black square glasses looking down at him. He tries to sink into the wall, wanting to disappear, but the laws of physics, unfortunately, haven’t changed. "Are you Castiel?"
"Umm - uh… yes. Yeah. Of course." Castiel stares down at the menu like it's in a foreign language, his brain spinning. He can't be falling in love with Dean Winchester. He
After throwing up once more, Castiel goes to the attached bathroom and takes a shower. It's probably not the politest thing to do but Dean did say to take his time and Castiel reeks of sweat, vodka, and vomit. Not a great combination.
Castiel finally manages to close his eyes. It makes things worse. Now, he has no idea what Dean looks like. He could be laughing at Castiel. He could be angry. He could be turned on. He could look like he wants to eat him alive - which is Castiel’s personal favorite Dean Winchester expression as of late.
Instead of standing to let Dean up so they can go to the room, Castiel stays in his lap. He’s staring at him with something in his eyes that Dean can’t figure out. “What?”
. Is he hurting you, Cassie? Has he-"
Castiel looks at the target with wide eyes. “I can try.”
“You just expected people to do whatever you said?”
With a smile, Dean lifts his head to ask Castiel if he has lube. They’ll make it work if they don’t have any; obviously Dean can take a cock with nothing but spit, but lube would be prefer-
Dean may have gone a bit overboard on all of the new stuff he bought Castiel for this. He may or may not have made him a pimped-out aftercare kit, as well as stocked his fridge to the brim with everything he could think of.
Then, "It's really not polite to ignore someone. Didn't your boss teach you that? Oh, wait, Chuck doesn't have good manners either..."
Benny rolls his eyes, then says in a falsely high voice, "
Castiel moves his head side to side like he’s debating. Then he counters. “Ocean, food in the bath, bed, sex, then sleep.”
“No, no, no. Details.” Castiel leans closer to me, his eyes bright, his smile wide. “What did he do?”
Grinning, I carefully fold the note up to save it for later and head back to his room. The books are pushed off of the bed, the only thing on the mattress a beautiful Dean wearing nothing but his oversized pink sweater he had already been wearing, his tight black briefs peeking out from the hem, and fuzzy halloween socks.
“I’m not like him,” Castiel whispers, testing the words on his tongue. They still feel wrong. Heavy. Textured. But not as much so as the other times he had tried them. In fact, they feel like they could actually fit there, if he was willing to make just a bit more room. “I’m not like my father.”
"Sure is."
The thought makes him smile.
Dean grabs the first thing he can find. It’s not much - a hand towel hanging from the oven handle. It’s enough to whip
Castiel snorts - which is a tad rude considering Castiel's boyfriend is going to
"Fine. Not love. But you like him."
“Yes, sir. Thank you.”
"He kissed me once. But it's complicated."
“Okay.” Castiel nods, releasing a deep breath.
Castiel is taken aback, only managing to nod in agreement.
Before Castiel can ask any questions, he dribbles lube over the sound and begins to press it into his slit. Castiel jerks, Dean easing up right away. The monster in him pouts, but he remembers the rules. No lasting damage.
My little sister Anna and Charlie the younger sister of Gabe’s mate, are already sitting at our usual table in the cafeteria. It’s always such a trip seeing them together, with Anna in her flowery dresses and pretty bows, and Charlie with her currently blue-streaked hair and leather jacket. The two of them are bickering, per usual. I couldn't care less about what. I just sit down with my stupid tray and my stupid pizza and search the cafeteria for Dean.
After reading it a few more times, I carefully fold the note back up and slide it into the front pocket of my backpack to keep safe. I'm running a little late because of my re-reading of the note so many times, so I grab my books and hurry off to my first class of the day.
Dean gently grips Castiel's chin between his thumb and forefinger, lifting it until they're looking at each other. "What were you going to say just now?"
Dean squirms, clearly trying to hide his face, but Castiel holds his chin in a tight grip to keep him on display. It just makes Dean’s blush ten times worse. Castiel kisses each red cheek, then rubs the tip of his nose against Dean’s. “I’ve missed that blush of yours.”
Once Castiel is rinsed, Dean turns the water off and stands up. He runs a towel over his body, then focuses on Castiel. Dean wraps Castiel in the softest towel he has. Using another, Dean gently dries Castiel’s curls the best he can, making sure to wipe at his face after.
want, Dean. Whatever it is. Everyone here loves you and wants whatever it is
“Well… yeah. It’s worth it.” Dean sighs dramatically like he just can’t believe Castiel made him admit such a thing. “I suppose it can stay.”
“Which one? How many were there? Was it just Castiel, Gabriel, and Lucifer?”
The next question… Castiel doesn’t understand.
(See the end of the chapter for
"To what?" Dean asks breathlessly, his heart still racing.
Dean doesn’t even fight back the low groan those words pull from him. He also doesn’t fight the way his hands are now starting to explore Castiel, one sliding beneath his shirt to brush through his happy trail, the other drawing circles on his hip. “Would you be quiet for me? Would you be a good boy?”
“You have one choice, Castiel. In the next two hours, no matter what we’re doing, you’re getting one choice. That’s it. Okay?”
“No shit.” The Lieutenant rocks on his heels, crossing his arms over his chest and smirking. “I’m from Kansas. Lawrence.”
“I already let you take John from me. You moved on, Michael. You found a new mate. Pretty soon after, if I’m remembering correctly. Popped out babies. Made your own shiny new pack.” Bobby spits in my dad’s direction. My dad growls under his breath, but does nothing else. A thick, suffocating swarm of guilt and grief is flooding our pack threads. I’ve never seen him lose control of his emotions like this. “I won’t let you take Dean.”
“Let me guess. You are - a bourbon and coke man?”
“How lame is it to watch a movie on the first date? Is there anything good out right now?”
“Good.”
With a dark chuckle, Dean reaches over for the nipple clamps he had grabbed earlier. He had grabbed an assortment of things, not entirely sure what he’d end up using. Now that he knows Castiel’s nipples are this sensitive, though, Dean plans on keeping these around.
But no wolf.
“Steamy details? Really dad?” I groan, covering my face with a hand. “Could you be more dorky?”
“Yes, sir.”
“As the dom, sure. Have at it.” Castiel gives him a mischievous smile. “As my future husband? We’re on equal ground, my friend. And we do not skip dessert.”
It takes a minute, but then they're approaching the massive wooden doors that lead to the Master wing of the mansion. An armed guard is standing beside them, and he nods at Dean while Dean walks up to the door and puts his hand against a censor.
“No. Surprisingly… I find it
“What are you thinkin’ about, angel?”
"I think he just wants to say a short hello."
“Alright, sweetheart,” Dean coos, reaching a hand down to his sweet boy’s cock and ball ring. “Alright, you can come. Sir wants you to come. Can you do that for sir? When sir frees your little cock and balls, are you gonna come for sir? Are you gonna show him how good he’s making you feel?”
them. Play a game with me, Tammy. Will you do that?"
“I don’t want to hear it, Dean!” Uncle Bobby slams the door and surges into the house, not bothering to take his dirty boots off. “Never again. Understood?”
Castiel just sniffles, feeling dazed and horny and torn between coming and sobbing.
Castiel doesn't know how he feels about that. On the one hand, he's insanely jealous, both of Charlie, as well as of anyone who knows how
Castiel lifts his gaze to look him in the eye, pupils blown. “Yes, sir.”
Castiel wakes up feeling gross. His throat is raw, his mouth and lips dry, and his body is covered with sweat that's cooled on his skin. He rubs at his eyes and tries to sit up but feels too woozy.
A soft hand rests on the spot between Castiel’s shoulder blades. Firm. Steady. Reassuring. The bowl of yogurt, granola, and berries is put in front of him. Dean settles his lips just an inch from Castiel’s left ear, making Castiel shiver from his breath.
“Hey, hey, hey, shhh,” Dean’s warm voice brings Castiel down from his mental spin. All of the thoughts still pulse beneath the surface, ready to overwhelm him again, but for now, Dean has them at bay. Especially once Castiel looks up into Dean’s kind green eyes. “Shhh. I’ve got you, baby. I’m right here.”
"Well, that's apparently not enough anymore."
“What changed?” Sam asks, eyes narrowed in a challenge.
Sam is also his moral compass, and Dean doesn’t have to ask to know what he would think of this current situation Dean has found himself in.
“I don’t repeat myself,” sir warns in a voice too soft to be anything but terrifying. “Answer the question.”
"Do you
"Mmm." Dean runs the pads of his thumb along the man's slit, collecting precum. Tammy moans, his head falling forward. "Watch him for what?"
"I think maybe I'm falling in love with Dean," he nearly blurts into his hands.
Not when sir drapes a thin, elegant collar around his neck before hiding it with his buttoned up shirt and bow tie.
“Let’s get you naked,” I tell him, letting my wolf deepen my voice. Dean shudders and nods.
Dean’s heart seizes in his chest as he rests his forehead and his hand against the door. “Cas, please come out. Please. I’ll never do that to you again, okay? I swear. I’m so sorry.”
And then Castiel’s gone. Running away from him. Dean blinks hard, trying to gain his bearings. Then his mind catches up and he’s sprinting after him, stomach turning bile as he realizes what he just did.
“You’re not a very good liar.”
“I loved his dad. We were true mates.” Shit, does that mean - disgust curls in my stomach, which makes my dad laugh. “No, no, no Castiel. I’m not about to admit he’s your half-brother or anything crazy like that. The two of you aren’t related.”
"Shhh," sir whispers, his tone gentle and caring. Castiel tries to push forward, wanting to prove himself, but sir keeps Castiel's head firmly in place. "Slow down. No need to rush. Let yourself enjoy it. You like it, angel, don’t you?"
“Okay. It’s okay. We don’t need to talk about it right now,” Dean promises, hoping to comfort Castiel. He doesn’t think the boy is aware of it, but Castiel is crying again. “I’m going to shower with you, okay? We’ll sit on the floor together.”
“Ah, yes,
“Please get out of my room.” Castiel looks at him, his blue eyes full of flames. “For once in my bullshit life, let me fucking breathe.”
fucktoy for
“You don’t have to make any decisions right now, Dean. There’s no time limit. You can leave tonight if you want, or months from now, or years from now. You can decide to be with me now and leave me later. Or you can decide you don’t want to be with me now and change your mind and be with me later. We can never have kids, if that’s what’s freaking you out. Just because you can doesn’t mean you have to. You’re under no obligation to me or the pack.”
He puts Castiel’s ear protection on again and hits the button to put the target back in place. Then he nods to show Castiel he can begin.
Uncle Bobby shifts his hands on the steering wheel and peeks over at me. “Yes. You’re 18, so once you’ve gotten yourself together and you’re ready to be on your own, you can leave if you want.”
Follow me on tumblr @destiel-love-forever (:
"I think you'd be amazing at that, Cas. You should do it. Does the Institute have a degree for it?"
"Hey you," Dean says softly when he notices big blue eyes finally focusing on him.
“Perfectly fine, babe. That’s why we’re talking.”
He doesn't.
bed tonight. You'll be
Belly full of warm apple pie and Ellen's homemade vanilla ice cream, Dean tucks Castiel into bed and heads down to the dungeons. He mirrors Garth's wicked grin when he gets to the door, giving him a wink as Garth steps aside. He tells Garth to go ahead and call it a night. Dean plans on killing this fucker when he's done with him, and then he'll just call in some rookies to clean the mess up. There's no reason for Garth to have to stick around.
Dean takes a sip of his scotch, staring down at the liquid after. He frowns. This isn’t what he wants to do. Not at all. But he talked it over with his second in command, Benny, and both agree that this is smart. It’s
He turns to look at me, our gazes locking. That rush of heat that I usually feel when we look into each other’s eyes is more intense. I have to bite back a hiss from how hot it burns. It’s enough to knock the breath from my lungs.
His future.
The last thing I expect is for Uncle Bobby - the man who hates all of these people, the man who nearly burst when he found out I came anywhere near Castiel - to say, “No, bud. I need you to stay here. I’m staying too. Not leavin’ until you’re okay again. But you should be here. With Castiel.”
“Yet?” Castiel tightens his grip on Dean’s body, fingers digging into his sides in a possessive but non-harmful way. “Promise it’s a yet?”
Sure… why not....
“Dean?” Castiel whimpers just a few seconds later.
Dean looks down, about to say something about how good the bunny is, or how pretty, or how much he loves him, but he’s distracted by the most adorable sight he’s possibly ever seen. Castiel’s tail is wiggling like crazy, the little ball of white fluff apparently just as into this phenomenal sex as Castiel and Dean themselves.
Anna decides to stay home, leaving me with just Jack and Charlie at the game. I feel myself slide into my usual persona as I stand outside the gate with my friend group, which is a few members short considering they’re about to take the field. Jo says we should sit with them and I shrug and say sure. We probably would have anyway.
“You’re the dom.”
"Yes what?"
Frowning, Jimmy tries to remember what he had just seen in his mind. He tries to make sense of it. The room. The screams. The figure. And he tries to understand what any of it has to do with Sam.
Garth gulps but stands his ground. “You were about to run into oncoming traffic, sir.”
“Called an Uber.”
“I could use more cereal, I guess.”
Dean grins.
“That was for forgetting to address me properly.”
He flinches away and hurries to his feet. He doesn’t look at me as he speaks, staring off somewhere over my shoulder. “I’ll - gotta - just - I’ll be back.”
My card memory is running low by the time I reach a beautiful clearing full of bright green grass and wildflowers. I curse myself for not thinking to pack more, but decide to let it go. There will be plenty more days like this. I definitely want to stay in this town for the rest of the year. Maybe even longer. Lebanon is sleepy and peaceful. I can breathe here. It feels safe.
"That's for wasting my time," sir growls as he clips Castiel’s other nipple. Whatever he's using isn't the usual clamp from their playroom. It feels different. Scratcher. Lighter weight, but with a sharper bite. "I don't have all day. Answer my fucking question."
I need something to kill. Something to claim. Something I can shred to pieces to keep from finding that boy, pinning him down, and marking him as mine.
At least the table covers his wet pants.
Dean plants a kiss to the top of Castiel’s head, then hurries out of the room to get his boy a bottled water from the fridge. He stops in his playroom to turn off the fucking machine and the lights, stopping first to grab a snack from his snack basket he keeps in there.
“I-” he stops. Then he chuckles, shaking his head. “Damn. This thread thing can really bite ya in the ass…”
“I was sick.”
“Selfish bastard,” Sam growls off to Dean’s right.
Once he has Tammy's cock nice and hard, Dean asks, "What was your job,
follow me on tumblr @ destiel-love-forever !
It takes Dean a full minute of standing in the hall, just staring at the sliver of light coming from the room before it processes.
It feels really fucking good.
,” Castiel whispers. His hand trembles in Dean’s. He swears that he can feel it echoed in his own heart. “This
“It’s a surprise.”
Chuckling softly, I sneak out of the bed and tug on a fresh pair of sweatpants so I can go get some things for him. This happened far too fast. Supplies would be good. At least a few things.
,” Castiel says on a shuddery breath.
.” He makes a growly sound before removing his hand and taking a step back. When I get the courage to open my eyes and look at him, I’m surprised to find he’s as far away from me as possible. “I need to talk to you before you slip under. I need your consent.”
“What?” Castiel turns to look at Dr. Edlund incredulously. “Are you fucking kidding me? What about our time together has ever fucking indicated that I’d make a good father?”
Jimmy shrugs, laughing a bit incredulously. “Everything else is… fine. Really fine. Other than my memory, I don’t even have a scratch on me.”
Dean doesn’t want to think about the compound, and he doesn’t want to watch the video because he’s pretty damn sure he’ll mess up more if he does, so Dean fixes his gaze on the fireplace beneath the TV and lets his mind drift.
around.
.” Castiel goes quiet after the one word, probably hoping Dean will clarify. When Dean doesn’t, Castiel guesses. “Us getting back together, you mean.”
Dean looks at Castiel out of the corner of his eye. “But… was it?”
I just wanted to thank all of you lovely people for reading - & commenting on! - this fic. I'm so overwhelmingly glad you all love it as much as I do <3
Disappointing.
! You’re gonna
"J - just lay here?"
Before Dean can figure out which part of himself to indulge, Castiel says, very quietly, “Dean, I love you. I love you so much. And I’m - I’m so fucking sorry-” when Castiel stops, choking on his words, Dean gives in. He crawls across the bed and half climbs into Castiel’s laugh, half pulls Castiel on top of him.
Since it’s the monster playing with him and not Dean, he just shrugs. “Actually, I would, but they’re all sleeping like you should have been. I won’t wake them up just to have to deal with a pathetic little slut like you. I’m more than capable of handling the situation.”
“Nope. They have my information.”
Because of that look, Dean goes out on a limb. He steps back from Castiel and grabs the boy’s hand, leading him closer to the fucking machine again. Dean easily flicks on the power, having used it enough times where he doesn’t even have to pay attention to the thing, his eyes focused on Castiel so he can see his reaction the second the dildo begins to move.
“Get. Him. Back.”
, but it’s background noise. Castiel can almost ignore it now.
Castiel doesn't understand.
A heavy boot in his ribs. Cruel laughter.
He smiles, white teeth flashing in the moonlit room. "I have my own bathroom, sweetheart. You've been using it for days now."
This is the man he’s going to fucking marry.
“Look at me, Castiel.” Castiel just squirms, peeking at him through his lashes without lifting his chin. That won’t do. Not at all. “Look at me.
“Anything.”
“Hush now.” Sir’s hands grab his ass cheeks and spread him apart, putting his hole on display. Castiel buries his face against his arm to hide how hard he blushes. He’s never felt so exposed. It’s dirty. Slutty. Wrong.
By the time he's in his dressing room with clothes he doesn't even remember choosing, he's crying softly. The tailor gives him privacy to try everything on. He just stands there staring at himself in the mirror instead.
And then Castiel does something really very stupid. In his defense, it's the middle of the night, he's tired, he's horny, and he just witnessed his first murder.
“Okay.” Dean puts his hands in the air and steps back. “What can I do? What’s going on?”
It's probably just the future husband thing. Obligation. Nothing more.
Castiel nods. “Yeah.”
“Probably. But I’m doing pretty okay in that department.” Castiel’s cheeks burn. “So… um… a thing happened last night.”
“I want Cas, I want Cas, I want Cas, I want Cas-”
“Hmm? Oh. Fuck.” Gabriel quickly flips the pancakes, grunting in annoyance when he sees that they’re all burnt. He dumps them in the garbage with much angrier movements than Castiel is used to seeing him use. Even after he removes the smoking pan and turns the stove off, he just continues to stand there and stare down at the burner that assaulted his pancakes. He doesn’t seem to be actually seeing it though.
Dean perks up, beaming. “Really?”
Right now, Dean's leaning on the railing of the second level and peering down at the dance floor below. He's not sure what kind of person he's in the mood for tonight. Girl. Boy. Somewhere in between. More than one.
with his monster.
He feels the smack of leather against his skin. He feels the hot tears on his cheeks. He feels the moans rumbling in his chest. He feels the heavy weight of the gag on his tongue.
Dean shakes his head. Then he huffs out a laugh. “No way! I’d suck at it!”
The air goes heavy around us. "Duly noted.”
“Ah, I see. Perhaps you aren’t the best one to take in a curious little thing like him. Isn’t he a bit too tame for you, Dean?”
Dean’s eyebrows fly up. “Now?”
It makes him want to come right then and there, untouched, all over the boy’s sad little face.
Alistair scoffs. "Who happen to be demons."
It’s… strange, yes, but also pleasure. Lots of pleasure.
“Right.” Castiel winds the phone cord around his forefinger.
Aaron is in a navy blue suit with a rose gold tie. He’s holding a bouquet of white and pink roses that’s full of a lot of green shit too.
“No,” Castiel whispers, grabbing at Dean’s shirt with a weak hand. “You.”
“Yeah. That’d be nice.” Castiel really wishes Dean would look at him. He picks at the blanket nervously. “Thank you, Dean. For The Edlund Institute. I mean, I know I might not even get in, but just the chance. Just to know. You have no idea what it means.”
Castiel gapes at the man. "No!"
“A lot.”
“Yeah. Just a little sleepy. ‘N my head kinda hurts.”
“I’m fine. I’m fine,” I cry, the bright green of our relief meeting the deep blue of sadness between us. “I’m fine, I’m fine, I’m fine-”
“Do you have a question, Castiel?”
Castiel’s eyes slide closed, but he doesn’t pull his hand away. “I’m sorry I wasn’t there for you,” Dean tells the cuts in above his wrist.
. I know exactly who it is. Just the one word he spoke so far - or maybe it’s just his body so close to mine - or his voice - or… I don’t even know, but whatever it is has me spinning, feeling lightheaded and nervous like I had in the store.
Castiel chokes on his own spit, eyes turning into saucers. “I - I - do - w - you would-”
It's an interesting shift from the flustered boy from before but I have to say I enjoy both versions. This one seems riled up and haughty.
“You didn’t have to spank me,” Castiel sneers. “Not my fault you never explained what to do.”
Castiel’s face goes hot, which says enough. He still forces himself to answer the question, though. At least, somewhat answer it. “I didn’t
"Then why were you in the hall?" Dean is in front of him now, placing his hands on the arms of Castiel's chair so he can hover over him. "Hmmm? No answer?"
. It took the world my father showed me and it didn’t just flip it or turn it, it fucking
Dean hums happily. "Ditto."
Dean goes a little breathless. “Okay…”
“Y-yes, s-” Dean coughs and tries to move his head back toward Castiel to get some more air. Castiel just tightens the belt.
“Well?” Castiel raises his eyebrows and twirls a finger. “Turn around.”
That slick sound slows, then stops altogether. “W-what?”
From his new position, sir says, “The rules are simple. I ask a question. If you answer, I don't hurt you. If you waste my time, I hurt you. Easy enough, right?"
Retracting his hand, Dean puts it in his dress pants pocket and casually answers, "My fiancé is just fine. Thank you for asking."
Dean wouldn't be able to fight his smile even if he wanted. "I know who ya are, Cas."
. His eyes dart around to the bed, the fireplace, the TV, the bed, the closet, the bed, the bookcases, the glass balcony doors, the bed. Dean clears his throat and awkwardly says, "The bathroom is through that door there. There's a walk in closet in there that I cleared out for you. You'll be able to pick out new clothes tomorrow."
“It’s beautiful.”
“Oh, darn.”
They really need to figure this distance thing out because Castiel can already feel weird and disconnected knowing he won't be there for Dean after this.
“Bu-” the fabric muffles his complaint, making him growl in frustration instead. A sharp tug on his nipple clamps makes him arch his back and cry out.
"Yes, sir."
When Castiel's eyes slide shut again, Dean knows that was the wrong answer.
When Castiel’s parents find out he’s back with Dean, they make Castiel renew his promise. He does without blinking.
“This is ridiculous.” Castiel pushes to his feet and tries to pass by Dean to leave the bathroom. Instead, Dean catches him by the bicep and keeps him in place. He stares down at Castiel with a look that’s clearly meant to be authoritative. It sends a shiver down Castiel’s spine but he stands strong. “Let me go.”
"Slightly adjust?" Castiel asks with a raised eyebrow.
Benny frowns when he sees them, Castiel’s body leaning heavily against Dean’s, the boy’s eyes only half-open.
"S-sir's slut," Castiel rasps, his voice rough.
“Where have you been?” Dean asks in a casual voice that doesn’t match the sound of his racing heart. He doesn’t look at me. I wonder if he feels the same thing I do when our eyes meet, and that’s why he’s avoiding them.
The wolf makes a noise that I could swear sounds amused. It lifts then to stand on its four legs, making my hand fall from its head. When it lifts its chin to look me in the eye, I realize the wolf is tall enough to press its nose against my chest.
"Please!" Castiel calls through the door, his body twitching against the wood as a low whine is ripped from his lips. "Please let me come, sir. Please."
Castiel laughs softly. “I’d like to go through some of it with you at some point. There are a few things that technically fall under that category that I think you’d actually be open to. For example, there are a few cock cages I’d like to show you.”
I growl at her, baring my teeth. Jack puts his hand on my shoulder and squeezes hard enough to hurt. "I'm not interested."
Castiel nods in patient understanding. “No for which part, baby?”
“It’s okay for you to like it, baby. Doesn’t mean anything. Plenty of grown-ups, kinky or otherwise, like them.” Dean brushes a curl off of Castiel’s forehead, smiling fondly at him. “It’s soft, isn’t it?”
With a slap to his forehead, Castiel finds himself laughing again. He even finds himself joking, “Hey, now. Back off. That’s my future husband.”
That dark, dangerous laugh returns again. “My men would strip you. Did I mention that? Strip you and douse you in freezing cold water.”
“But-”
"What does that mean?"
"Why would I hate you?"
"Do you still cut yourself?"
“Ahhhhhhhh!” Castiel tries to sit straight up, forgetting all about the ropes. He falls forward and partially onto his side. Instead of helping him back up, Dean just straddles one of his legs and comes at him from a different angle. His free hand presses down on Castiel’s hip that’s pointed toward the ceiling, holding him in place. Forcing him to take it.
Castiel gives him a very sleepy smile. "Hey."
When they do run into each other, they successfully avoid any awkwardness. Even the sexual tension dwindles over time.
“I dunno. Maybe? He smiled… and said good morning… to everyone. Drank some water. And then grabbed his friend and left to go take a shower.”
"Do you like your toes or your fingers better?" Dean asks, glancing up at Tamiel now. "If you had to choose."
"Please, sir," Dean sobs, his face bright red and dripping with tears. He tugs against the leather cuffs keeping his ankles and wrists in place. Bucks against the chair he's forced to sit on. Squirms away from the relentless vibrator beneath him. "Please, sir. Please, please, need, oh, please, help - le’ me, please, please, sir, sir, sir-"
"Sir-"
Dean can’t help but smile just at the mention of his fiance, lover, and submissive's name. Well… hopefully submissive. “Actually, the boy is Castiel. We’ve been… trying things out.”
"Plus," she adds before I can speak. "You started having feelings for Cas before you ever even presented, which means your omega gene - the part of you that the whole True Mates magic applies to - wasn't even active yet. That's why it's crazy that he could smell you like he did. And it's crazy how strong your thread was so soon after meeting. You two are anomalies."
"Get on your knees." Castiel obeys, his mind already filling with that safe, fuzzy feeling sir never fails to give him. "Take my cock out, but don't go near it with your pretty mouth."
Dean wakes up with a jolt, his hand immediately reaching out to where he always keeps a gun velcroed to the side of his bedside table. His fingers curl around it just as someone else's fingers curl around his wrist. “Boss. It’s me.”
Castiel arches an eyebrow at him. “Oh?”
He likes it enough that he accidentally perks up and looks directly at Dean. The man is gorgeous as he leans a shoulder against the doorframe, sunlight making his bare torso glow. Athletic shorts hang low on his hips, revealing the beginnings of his well-kept pubic hair.
"Hey, nerd."
The two best friends stare at each other. Then Benny arches an eyebrow and threatens, “If he doesn’t know by six tonight, I’ll tell him instead.”
“I know, I’m crazy. I’m calling a dangerous, huge, scary as hell wild animal cute.”
"We still have that final question," Dean reminds him as he settles the head of his cock against Castiel's hole.
Wanting to be good for Dean, Castiel nods quickly.
"Yeah?"
Castiel accidentally whimpers. “Limits, sir?”
Dean’s pupils dilate. “Tell me, boy, what is it that you like about being my little brat?
“I guueesssss,” Castiel says rather dramatically.
“Question is,” Dean continues. “Are you a good kisser, Cas?”
“That was an accident, and he only cried because his cookies and milk were ruined. I brought him to get new ones.”
“Oh.” Castiel does the head tilt thing again. “Fascinating.”
Clearly, having a hard time focusing, it takes a moment for Castiel to answer the question. “Feels…
"I promise I won't. You'll be stuck with me until we're crabby old men with saggy asses."
This is his virginity.
Too afraid to ask, Castiel just puts his guitar down and stands up. He gives Dean a confused look when he accepts it. "Hello?"
Bile rises in Dean’s throat.
She gives him a strange look but then pastes her smile back on. “Okay. Well, can I help you?”
First and foremost, thank you all for your lovely comments! I can't reply to all of them right now, only the ones who asked questions or I felt warranted a response, but I read every single one and you have no idea how much they mean to me. <3
“I love you, Dean.”
The look Castiel gives him is harsh enough to make Dean cower. Literally cower. Before he can come up with some sort of half-assed apology, Castiel says, "I'm human - just like you guys."
“Great.” Dean presses a safeword ball into the palm of Castiel’s hand, then begins to secure the gag in Castiel’s mouth. Castiel growls again but he keeps the ball firmly in his hand, so Dean ignores him.
. The taste. The texture. The smell. It’s like being wrapped up in him. Castiel’s eye roll behind the blindfold as he begins to suck. He thinks there's a good chance he somehow died and went to heaven.
“I - wow. Okay.” Dean looks at Castiel fully then, his chest aching when he sees the anguish in the man’s expression. His instinct is to pull Castiel close and hold him until he feels better, but there’s still that tiny part of Dean - the stubborn asshole part that probably won’t ever fully forgive Castiel for all that he’s done - that wants to make Castiel squirm a bit.
100% my fault.
I’m pretty sure I growl.
Castiel looks up at him, blue eyes glazed and rimmed red. He doesn't look at him any differently than before, but Dean doesn't trust that.
She smirks. "To just… be teenage boys that like each other. To go back to who you were before you presented. Go to football games. Flirt. Date. Sneak kisses. See if you want to be with him."
Then sir surprises Castiel. He doesn't pull out, keeping his cock buried inside of him, half-hard and twitching with valiant effort to already reach full hardness again. When Castiel's legs are brought back down, his toes touching the ground, sir tips them forward until Castiel catches himself on the mirror, the quarter miraculously staying in his palm but definitely chipping a small piece of the glass mirror when hitting it. Sir wraps a hand around Castiel's cock and begins jacking him off in rough strokes that make him squirm and moan. His other hand grabs Castiel's hair with a fist and forces him to keep his chin up so he can't look away from his own reflection.
Castiel pauses, but it’s brief. He’s nervous, but he fucking wants this. He wants it so much he feels like he might die if it doesn’t happen soon. So, he nods.
Pushing away from Dean, Castiel shakes his head violently and puts a hand up. He doesn’t deserve Dean’s love right now. He doesn’t deserve to be comforted. Castiel has to go. He has to get away.
Then, just before their lips meet, the man yells obnoxiously, “All clear!” right in his face. Dean stumbles back, shock swallowing him up as the fluorescent lights flip on and the music goes silent. The man takes his cup from him and leaves him just standing there with his belt undone and his cock obviously hard in his jeans.
The sound Dean releases makes Castiel cringe.
The way Castiel is beginning to shake causes Dean alarm, and he immediately jumps in and cuts this subject off. “Castiel, I will never be doing that with you. Okay? It’s clear it makes you uncomfortable and it’s already a soft limit of mine, okay? And for the record - if for any reason something like that happens in a scene with us, on purpose or on accident, I would absolutely stop to check on you. Okay?”
Once he’s soaked in the two of us, his skin shiny and warm, my wolf practically purring, I press a kiss to his temple and ask, “You still awake, sweetheart?”
When Dean turns around, his breath catches at the sight in front of him. Castiel is sunk low into the bubbly water, hair already extra curly from the steam and cheeks flushed red. He lazily looks up at Dean and gives him a nervous smile. “It’s creepy if you just stand there. Might as well sit.”
“I think I’d like that very much. You go and put those on for me. I’ll get the others.”
Castiel pretends to do the same.
“Yes, please.” Dean bows his head so it can be secured at the back of his neck, holding perfectly still for him. When it’s fully locked into place, he lifts his head again to look at Castiel. His fingers start to come up to touch it, but Castiel catches his wrist and squeezes once.
"Who wouldn't?" Dean steps forward so he's standing in front of the four-step staircase that leads to a large basin that could easily fit ten people in it. It's about the size of a small jacuzzi. The walls are a light blue color that looks almost white at certain angles, ever so slightly contrasting the two white window-doors that open up to the best view the house has to offer.
"So, Castiel, you visited The Edlund Institute today, right?"
“Strangely… yes.” Jimmy stands up and starts walking to his room. His memory isn’t the best, but he’s pretty certain boxers and a ratty shirt that claims someone in Idaho loves him does not work for a late night meet-up at a restaurant. Especially with a cute man.
Dean whimpers. “Yes but… felt good too.”
. “Color sweetheart?”
"Mr. Winchester is hard to please. Perhaps he's different at home, or with you, but I've been working here for a year now beneath the head tailor, and trust me, that man doesn't settle for anything but perfect. I'm surprised he's letting me help. I figured he'd insist on waiting for my boss to be back in town."
That’ll change.
Really big.
I flinch back. “No! What the fuck? You promised you wouldn’t-”
Dean won’t always let that slide, but he will for tonight. “I think you’d look beautiful in all of them. Should we have you try each on for me?”
“Did you hear all of it?”
“Do you like them?” Dean asks, knowing the answer already.
I wake up slowly, my body heavy and sluggish. Wherever I am is… dark. Cold. I start to bring a hand to my face, wanting to rub at my eyes so I can see better, but something stops me. The sound of chains clinking fills the air. What the hell? What’s going on? Where am I?
“Good. Strip him, spray him down, lower the temp, and hang him up by his wrists. I’ll deal with him later.”
at anything, Sammy." Sam just scoffs. "And I thought you hated him because of what he had done to me.”
“Oh.” Castiel smiles slowly. When it finishes growing, it’s a full-blown grin, wide enough to make his cheeks ache. “Okay.”
“Go on,” the man prompts, looking up at him from the ground.
“Oh.” Dean slumps against the railing. He hadn’t even thought about it. It wasn’t a moment for him. It wasn't something huge. Honestly, it was meant to be sort of teasing. To test the waters.
Our thread still feels like nothing more than vapor. I want to ask him if he feels that too. I want to ask him how it happened, because it’s been fading, sure, but this morning outside his window our thread wasn’t like this. I want to ask him how I can fix this with us.
Castiel closes his eyes as if he can escape the humiliation. His cock is painfully hard, though, stretching the lace at his crotch as it begs for attention. The boy might be embarrassed and flustered, but that doesn’t mean he doesn’t like it.
When Dean says nothing for a very long time, Castiel whispers, “Dean, I love you. I love you so much. Please give me a chance. Give
“So, this place has great burgers. Milkshakes too.”
"Sick orange shit and toilet paper. Got it." Dean points a finger at Castiel. "You?"
“Okay.” Castiel drags his fingertips along Dean’s spine, smiling when he shivers. “How long until I see you again?”
“Please,” Castiel begs, his eyes squeezed shut so tightly it must hurt. “Please, sir.”
It's not until Dean whispers, "Lake," that Castiel realizes something might not be right.
I suck in a breath, convinced there must be a neon sign above my head screaming that I’m a virgin. Then I remember that Benny might not even be gay.
“Gotcha.”
Dean will go as slow as a damn snail if that’s what it takes.
When Dean says nothing, his throat clogged up by an overwhelming swirl of emotions, he hears Castiel mumbles under his breath, "Probably stupid."
"What's your safe word?" Castiel asks quietly, not wanting to yank Dean out of the bubble he's starting to float away in.
Castiel shrugs. “Maybe the story will explain that too. And maybe it’ll explain why your uncle fucking hates us, because he used to be my dad’s best friend. I don’t know any of it, to be honest. I just know that your dad got pregnant by a wolf, and you were born omega, and moving here, near a wolf pack, triggered your gene. Now you’re presenting.”
"I - I don't know."
“Yeah. Good.”
Castiel tests his bindings. There's no room to budge. He freezes when he feels sir's breath against his right ear. "Does it scare you that I could do anything to you right now?"
First things first, Dean needs to rein things in immediately. There’s no more being in denial about his feelings. He can’t be. It’s Dean’s job, not just as Castiel’s future husband but also as his potential dominant, to do what’s best for Castiel. Lying to himself, lying to Castiel, will do nothing but cause damage and confusion. It would hurt Castiel, something Dean never wants to do.
Dean takes the chance - he has to, for his fucking sanity - and tilts his chin to the side so he can take in their surroundings. It’s Castiel’s kitchen. Or… their kitchen.
“I - I guess not… I mean… no. No, he can come whenever, right?”
“Here, in town. You didn’t fly to Lawrence and hunt these men down. You didn’t kill them. Even though you and I both know you could. You’re still well connected. It’d be a breeze, and it’d make you feel better, and you’d know they’d never lay hands on Dean again.” The doctor’s smile grows. “But you’re still here.”
“Keep it up, brat,” sir growls as he lifts his palm. Castiel flinches, but nothing comes. He relaxes, figuring sir was just adjusting someth-
“Dean?” Ketch asks.
"You better." Castiel's expression flicks to serious for a second as he looks at Dean. "I mean that."
. Those all should be followed by a
Castiel chuckles. "It's okay. I know what you mean. I'm relieved."
Every time Castiel switches his technique, going from kitten licks to lapping at him, or going from teasing pokes to full-on tongue fucking him, Dean’s cock does a harsh bounce and fills more. By the time Castiel’s nipping at his ass cheek, the tip of his finger circling Dean’s hole in a teasing motion, Dean’s not sure how it’s humanly possible to be this hard without combusting.
