“Maybe not that last one,”  Steve murmured with a wince.
“And so the body?”
There was only honest admiration in those blue eyes, perhaps a bit of gratitude as well, and Tony found it more than a little bit surprising how deeply that warmed him, how quickly it disarmed the stinging words that usually rose to his tongue when someone wanted to tell him how well he was getting along.   He sighed, turned his chair and hauled himself out of it, and into the sofa with a sigh.  “I guess I got all my screaming at God done early on,” he said as the silence stretched out long between them.  “Three months with the Ten Rings, and another three healing up from their tender mercies in a dirt poor village where everyone was hungry and scared, and nobody had more than ten words of English, but they took care of me anyway,”  Tony laced his fingers together, flexed them against each other to quell the jittering urge.  “That makes you figure out pretty quick whether you're glad to be alive, or mad about it.”
It really was dreadful.  The texture of the cloth made the painted costume look like some hairy kind of carpeting, and the velvet's brilliant hue made the pale skin tones look like the man was half dead.  Steve could only imagine the outrage the designer of his original USO poster would have felt at seeing his work reproduced this way.
“Oh yeah, sure,”  Clint picked up the thread of his reasoning at once,  “You know most accidents do happen in the home, right?  We’ll definitely need to have our people check her over and make sure she’s okay.”  He nudged the kitchen door open with his foot and held it back while Rogers edged the bag -- thrashing madly now, and all but squealing with outrage -- through.
And here, Jarvis had to smile.  “James, you mustn’t look so shocked,” he said, patting the man’s elbow.  “I’m an 89 year old man.  Spry as I may be, what chance would I have had at getting the better of a brute like Obidiah Stane without some manner of chemical interference?”
There was no hiding the expression that bitter memory brought to Tony's face then, so he didn't even try to do so.  "Yeah.  Yeah, I do know those feels."
“Some nut with a gun and a grudge killed your father, Tony!”
“Darn it,” he muttered, sticking his head into the humming transformer box in case it had fallen farther back behind the machinery.  “These stupid things are too expensive to...”
"That depends on how much a person thought they knew about Brooklyn in the 40's,"  the other man offered mildly.
Hesitation.  Wariness and some other, fleeting thing darkened those bright blue eyes for a second as they flickered over Tony, took in his clothing, his wheelchair, and returned to his face.  "Are you sure?  I don't want to intrude."
“Your priorities remained unchanged to the very end, I see,”  Jarvis said to the tombstone, and was immediately surprised to find the sentiment accompanied not with bitterness, but with an odd pang of nostalgia.  There had been good times, working for Howard, of course -- mainly those years when his Ana had been alive, and Agent Carter still a vibrant force in the shallow tapestry of life with a genuis playboy insustrialist, but he had loved his position in Howard’s household once.
Tony’s cock lurched unhelpfully in his shorts again, even as his brain cursed him for putting himself into this (delicious) torture.  He wouldn’t say it.  He wouldn’t!  It was too much!
"Yes,"  Steve sighed, even as he tugged, smiling against the hold, "Yes, that's good."
“So instead of leaving the number with Jarvis, or putting a note in my message box, you decided you had to come out here and scout the terrain?”
In which pride is challenged, comfort is shared, and someone looks for what is lost.
Which made it kind of a
apparently need more motivation than just a passing grade in Gym class to get your muscle tone up to par, here we are.  And where we go from here depends on you, but I should say that you haven’t actually earned the kind of reward our last session ended in,” he lifted Tony’s arm a little more as he leaned in close, “yet.”
“So you all thought he was dead?”  Rogers asked, fiddling with a file folder.
Steve summoned a theatrical shiver, and darted a glance at the horrible painting again.  "Only if you turn that creepy old man to face the wall.  I don't think I can get it up with him staring at me..."
They rode in silence for awhile, the radio silent as a compromise between Barnes’ love of modern pop music and his suspicious resistance to indulging Phil’s love of vintage swing.  That had caused more than one fight between agent and handler before Barnes began to believe that Phil wasn’t trying to trigger Bucky memories with his choice of music, he just genuinely liked the stuff.
“That’s terrible, Tony!”  But she was laughing even as she groaned, and surrendering even as she gathered the empty takeout containers to take to the trash.  She’d gone to the mat once to defend him, them, their company, their dreams, and Pepper knew she’d do it again in a heartbeat... but not if Tony wasn’t fighting for it with her.
a socially challenged science nerd would- oop!”  She yelped a little and grabbed the doorjamb as her shoe skidded on something just at the threshold.  Pepper bent to pick it up, prepared to gripe at Tony’s housekeeping, but instead of being a stray receipt or scribbled class note, the paper she’d slipped on turned out to be a tidy little envelope, sealed at the back, and with Tony’s name written on the front in an elegant cursive hand.
He pressed a heated, sucking kiss to the spot instead, wrung a long groan from the root of Steve's cock, and licked the salt from his lips to whisper,  "What do you want, Steve?"
"Wow,"  he whispered, eyes huge and shining in the gloom, arms slipping from their annoyed brace across his chest as he stepped up to the stair as if helplessly drawn by gravity.  "That's..." his hand drifted out as if he wanted to touch the candy-apple red exoskeleton, but didn't quite dare.  "So you can just... climb the stairs."
What, you didn't forget that Raina was gonna be in this too, did you?
(See the end of the chapter for
“What?”  Tony laughed, rolling closer so he could jostle the man’s knee with his own.  “It's ok, Steve,” he said when that won him a flickering, sidelong glance, “you can say what's on your mind.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"It wasn't my back,"  Tony was usually better at letting silence wear itself out, but with his nerves singing and adrenaline charging through his chest, the urge to babble was irresistible.  "You're too damn polite to ask, but I know everybody wonders why I'm in the damn chair."
“Well, Lieutennant Colonel Rhodes,” Jarvis said, pushing off the stone, “see that you do not accidentally or with deliberate intent sell my charge into indentured servitude with enemies of the free world, and I shall have no cause to wish you ill at all.”
He changed clothes quickly, picking out a new tie and socks from the store, and taking care to leave money for them, in case someone honest also worked there.  Then he wiped the place down, packed up the computer, gun, and the remains of the rooftop security cameras he’d ripped from their mountings, and left; shabby clothes and sneakers in a plastic bag, unconscious would-be assassin tucked up snug in his duffle.  He put both into the teal Smart Car, and crammed himself behind the wheel to take them all back to Manhattan.
“First thing when I got back to the states,” Tony said, cuddling close, “I got a cheeseburger.  It was just the most disgusting thing I could remember eating in my life, but goddamn, was I glad to have it.  I guess that would be my watershed moment.  All the rest, the walker, the Center, teaching, they were just the things that drifted by while I was figuring out what to do next.  And before you go looking up to me, I want it known that I’m still not sure how to answer that question.”
“Ooh, salty!”  Tony laughed again.  “Just for that, you’re buying.”
"College, huh?" Steve deflected another poke at his ribs, but didn't move out of range.  "See now I'm picturing that hanging over your bed, watching you make time with- Oof!"  Tony's fingers were pointier than expected, and Steve hadn't realized he'd be ticklish there.
Steve let it go with a grudging smile.  “Okay.  This might seem... um,” he ran a hand through his hair again, almost dithering with a sudden, nervous energy.  “Okay, it’s weird, and you might not like it, but I’m just gonna ask anyhow,” he declared, then turned on the sofa and reached for the discarded flyer.  “Could I maybe help you fund the Arts Center? Because I can tell it’s good work you’re doing here, teaching important things to people who are probably never gonna be able to afford college, and your website said the Center operates on tuition and donations, but I don’t want you to think that I’m trying to buy, um,” the flush on his cheeks went bright as Steve waved a hand between them and stammered, ”-
Steve bit his lip when Tony’s thumb moved off of it, considering for a long moment.  “It didn’t seem like you wanted me,” he answered at last.
"Well it's
"Sir?"  The British man prompted, all ironclad politeness, blank and immovable, and damn it all!
“Yeah, well they should really give me another day in the week, too,” he answered smartly.
"This is Captain America we're talking about here,"  Barton said, fiddling with the knotted gauze.  "This is the guy who took the serum without knowing whether it would  kill him or not, and this is the guy whose very first combat experience was when he went AWOL on a solo rescue mission
Steve looked down, ears pink.  “I can’t... um.  I can’t do that.  Go with people I’ve only just met, and just...” he waved a hand vaguely toward the bedroom before using it to fix his hair again.  Then he gave a sulky little glower when Tony laughed.
As expected, when Tony got himself into the living room, he found Steve in the recliner, rosy and golden in the low light of a single lamp, wearing his own blue t shirt and a pair of Tony’s boxers as he peered at one of the promotional pamphlets that Tony had picked up Friday.
intended to chase the guy off, it's just something in the stubbornly defensive tone got Tony's back up quicker than any 'friendly drink' with his old man, God damn his soul, had ever done.
“I’m used to him this way,”  Phil answered, putting his phone away and standing.  “I don’t suppose you can do a French 75, can you?”
been a massive op, and it had pulled every single one of White Star’s people far out of their comfort zones, and there had been more than a couple times when it looked like critical and absolute failure was in the cards.  Even though Director Stark and Agent Barnes had both made deliberate targets of themselves in Hydra’s crosshairs, none of them had expected the car bomb that took out Director Carter and her escort.
“Sorry Tony,”  Steve said as he rolled his chair around to the reading corner, “I didn’t mean to snoop, it’s just I couldn’t sleep anymore.  I usually go for a run around now, but, well.  And when I went into your kitchen to see about some coffee, your lamp kept throwing these flyers at me.”
“Who is ‘her,’ by the way, and is there some reason she can’t walk on her own?” Clint asked, jogging up the front steps and muscling the big formal doors open.  His hearing aids picked up a muffled grunting that sounded a lot like it wanted to be furious cursing, but was having trouble enunciating around something thick and fluffy stuffed in the curser’s mouth.
“Well, he would be a lamp if he was brighter,” Tony said fondly.  “As it is, he’s just a charming quirk of artificial intelligence, so long as you’re willing to define ‘intelligence’ loosely.”  He gave a nod to U, who was dutifully illuminating Steve’s reading material without any menacing behavior.  “His brother seems to think you’re okay, if that makes you feel better.”
that the only reason we can afford to let his ass run around New York at all is because SHIELD and HYDRA each think the other one killed him getting him outta the ice?  Did he maybe tell Rogers that the game of Three Card Monty we had to play on those two agencies to keep them from dissecting him to harvest Project Rebirth's only success is what killed Stark and put Carter out with an injury she is never coming back from?  Did he maybe explain what could happen the instant any agent of the Government figures out that Captain America's ashes are not buried at Arlington because he's walking around Manhattan
"Were you looking for anybody in particular, sir?"  the man on the phone prompted.
"Not until I've earned it,"  Tony answered, twisting in his chair to grab his phone out of the bag hanging off the back.  "Now come on -- digits."
"Ahoy, Barkeep!"  Tony yelled over the din, drawing every eye in the place, "I'll have the Black Tiara of Envy, and two Jameson's on ice for me and my buddy whose name is ..."
And to that, Jarvis could only smile, and give the man’s shoulder a steadying pat.  “I will tell him, James.  I cannot guess at what he will say, but I think perhaps it would be good for Tony to have a friend such as you again.”
Barnes was quiet for the rest of the ride.  Not his customary ‘nothing worth saying’ quiet, either -- this was his ‘sniper’s nest’ kind of quiet.  The sort of quiet that told Phil that even if he put the effort into getting a look at Barnes’ shrouded face right now, he’d find it as opaque and inscrutable as a kevlar mask.  The sort of quiet that got heavier and more menacing with every turn Phil took toward the place he clearly did not want to go.  One day, Phil mused, he’d have to let Barnes know just how telling that quiet was to anyone who knew the first thing about him.  But that day wasn’t going to be today.
“Look.”  That was Barnes, Brooklyn born and bred, and uncomplicated as the vodka in his fist.  “He’s my brother,” he said to the bartender, with just a hint of loss haunting the word.  “I just wanna know; if he didn’t leave alone, do you trust the person he left here with?”
“It’s a loaner,” came the reply.  “Is.  Uh.  Is James up there at the house right now?”
“Looking for this?”  A girl’s voice, all smirk and smugness.
He leaned in and dropped a kiss on her nose -- or rather he leaned in and smooched the air when she evaded him, but it had the intended effect of cutting off her threat regardless.  “It isn’t,”  he told her, “Rogers didn’t have to come back here at all.  He coulda left Flowers outside the Manhattan office with a bow on her ass, but it’s just like you called it --” and here, he boosted the plate of bagels in his hand by way of proof.  “His point’s been made.  Now you get to figure out what the fuck Flowers’ deal is, while I debrief the Raccoon Whisperer.  And when Barnes turns up, we get to finally find out what happens when those two relics actually
“Uh, sure,” Clint shrugged, because hey -- bagels.  “You get any sesame?”
In which is found a run, a gun, and only one shoe.
Tony cut him off, ducking low to kiss his nose fondly.  "No, sweetheart, your real name.  I just..."  He laughed again, and sat back at last, freeing his hands to begin undoing the straps that held the bulky walking chair to him. "I can't sit here calling you Steve Rogers in my head while you're sucking my cock," he said, stealing a wry glance.  "I just... it feels too much like I'm thirteen years old, and terrified my Dad's gonna come in and find me masturbating over his comic collection again, and... I just..."
He left the tiara behind on the table, figuring his odds of winning it fairly by next Thursday were looking pretty good.
“I know,” Tony smirked.  “But I figure my aura of mystery can probably take it.  Now choose wisely, young Padawan!”
Tony blinked.  “It didn’t?  Because I did.  I mean I obviously did want you.  You really couldn’t tell?”
Clint glanced toward Rogers, and the thin strand of hope he held out for a rescue from that quarter, but that one glance was enough to drop the play right out of his mind, and bring both feet solid to the floor.  The man had gone bloodless white, so pale that tiny blond freckles stood out across his nose and cheeks.  His blue eyes were wide, focused on the middle distance and flicking restlessly at nothing as he checked and rechecked some unseen tally in his mind.
(See the end of the chapter for
Clint took a deep breath, blinking as the data points started to line up in a whole new way.  Over by the desk, he saw Barnes narrow his eyes, clearly thinking just as hard.  Fury just took a breath, laced his fingers together, and regarded Rogers over them.  “Go on...”
That caught Tony up a little bit, but he clamped down on the urge to deflect and really made himself look at Steve, to comb that handsome face for any sign of pity or condescension.  As if aware of his misstep, Steve chinned up to the examination and said, “I know people who’ve been through loss like yours,” he said, and Tony couldn’t help remembering last night’s stories about Steve's buddy James.  “It’s not a contest or anything, I know that.  Every survivor is different, and they do what they’ve gotta to get through the bad spots, but you... you seem happy.  Or like you want to be happy, and you’re working toward it, and that,” he shrugged.  “That gives me hope, I guess.”
“Yeah, well it’s better than drinking,”  Tony answered, realizing only after he’d said it just how bitter and defensive that had sounded.  “I specialized in robotics when I was at MIT,” he offered by way of an olive branch.  “Among other things.  These guys were actually supposed to be my lab helpers, to hold up heavy things when I was welding, fetch tools when my hands were full -- I even tried to teach Dummy to cook once.  Only once.”  He had to stop there, swallow against the quaver in his voice that rose up on him every time he was reminded how close he’d come to losing them too.  If U and Dum-E had been at his ARC workshop instead of at home, they’d have been seized along all the rest.
In which is discussed the value of a sharp dressed man, and the proper care of shoes.
Well, we're flying without a net now, death-dumplings!  We've just run through the 'already done and waiting to be posted' bits of story.  Which means, if I get the next scene done tomorrow, that's when you'll get it, and if I don't, you'll just have to console yourselves with another viewing of Captain America 3: Civil War.
Tony pressed his fingers again, smirking.  “Yeah, that’s what I thought.  Okay then, here’s the deal.  You can donate funds to the Center.”  He gave those soft lips one tap, and then leaned away.  “
“Oh ho, so you’ve been watching me, have you?”
"Irish,"  Thursday agreed with a nod as Tony turned to catch Karl's attention
Rogers put on the kind of face that Clint interpreted as ‘Aw, debriefing...’ but he nodded anyway, and bent to drop the will back into the file cabinet he’d jimmied earlier.  “I’ll have Ms. Arbogast call your office to set up the meeting, shall I?”
“Last call’s in half an hour, honey,”  the bouncer smirked, waggling a rubber stamp between thumb and forefinger like a cigar.  “But Downstairs serves till four.  Private club.”
This guy though, he was smooth.  Gracious to everyone, with a wide, camera-ready smile that never got into his eyes for long; a good tipper, a better listener, and just shy enough to blush a charming pink whenever he got a little flustered.  (That quickly became a competitive sport among the twinks, and Tony didn't even pretend not to be as entertained as all the rest.)  Best of all though, Mr. Thursday Night never went home with anybody, and never let anyone, no matter how insistent or charming, lure him out onto the dance floor, or into a booth, or into the makeout corner.
“It's worth the wait.  You should totally make those assholes take you for Carribbean sometime,”  Tony said without thinking, then mentally kicked himself as he watched the mirth bleed out of Steve’s eyes in two seconds flat.  They'd been soldiers.  Of course they'd been soldiers.  And soldiers die.  And other soldiers have to live on without them.
Bucky paused, one knee on the bed as Natalia pushed past him and grabbed a double handful of Clint’s blanket pile.  “Why would he do that?  Steve’s hardly set foot in Stark Industries since the will was read.  I thought Arbrogast and May were handling things over there.”
The man tsked, and shook his head.  “Now honey, how long d’you think I’d stay open if I tattled on my people like that?”
“I guess I was,” he said, leaning into the arm of the sofa and shoving a pile of student workbooks off to make room beside him.  “When it all came down to shell casings, being mad just didn't have the staying power it had when my whole world was parental drama and corporate combat.”  He reached out a mute invitation to Steve, who immediately shifted from the recliner to the sofa, leaning warm and solid against Tony’s side, as if he’d always belonged there.
This is it, Death lilies!  It took me a lot longer to knock the final chapter into any shape I liked, but it's here at last, and all for you!  If you like it, I'd love to hear from you about why.  If you REALLY like it, I hope you'll direct thence other friends who might like it too, because I don't write these things for ME, after all.
The look Barnes shot him then was eloquent with scorn, but he put it into words anyway.  “Please.  I may not be as good with code as the Widow is, but I can manage a little backup like this.  Not even the SETI screen saver noticed I was there.”
Later on, Tony would think back over every detail of the encounter, and realize with a flush of awe, how perfectly Steve had behaved for him -- he’d followed where Tony led with an eager grace, let himself thoroughly enjoy being put to use without greedily pushing for more.  He hadn’t even rutted against the bed as he opened Tony with two, and then three of his thick, long fingers, though his throat hummed and worked with moans, and his back glistened with sweat.  When finally Tony growled “enough,” and slapped a condom into Steve’s other hand, he rose from the bed with his cock standing scarlet, damp, and eager.
It had been a year and a half since Tony had gotten laid, that much was true, but it had been far longer than that since he'd been with a sub or a lover as eager and responsive to his every touch as Steve was.  He drank in Tony's touches hungrily, gasped and arched and left no doubt whenever Tony's hands, teeth, or tongue found a new sensitive spot, or when he just lingered at a known one, and worried at it till it glowed with heat.
him into a symbol instead, and he had to go AWOL, commit mutiny, and rescue 359 men before anybody took that symbol seriously."
And so she did.
"Ah," the man replied, slightly more pleasant now.  "I'm afraid Mr. Carbonell is teaching a welding class this morning, and cannot be disturbed."
And Steve... well, he wasn't ready to throw in that towel yet.  White Star Security might need him to be their public face now that Howard was dead and Peggy's health was too shaky to do the job, and maybe Steve owed it to them, given that White Star people had saved Bucky from Hydra and Steve from the ice, but by damn, he was gonna do it on
"Avoiding,"  Tony prompted, skeptical. "So someone doesn't know it's over?"  And yeah, that was a test, because the very
“Isn’t gonna do anybody any good now that Stark Industries has the patents on it,” he cut back.  Then he sighed and rubbed at his cheek with grubby fingers.  “Look, Pep, I know you want things to go back to the way they were before,” and there was a hitch in his voice there, a moment of careful word choosing that made Pepper’s heart twist inside her.
“I’ll go,” he said, clipped and short.  “I’ll find him, and I’ll bring him back.  Then everyone can stop worrying.”
“Oh sweetheart,”  Tony sighed, shaking his head.  “I grew up with money.  I know those feels.  But what made you come to the Eagle at all?  I mean, look at you --” and here, he ruffled Steve’s hair askew again, just to get a grin out of him.  “You can’t get a drink at Starbucks without finding a barista’s phone number on it, can you?  You hardly need to hang out at a shady queer dive to get a little willing company.”
came on the radio just after he’d disappeared down the alley, and the song was nearly down to the final drumbeats by the time he turned up empty handed at the passenger’s side door.
interesting...?  “We don’t have to do anything more than this,” Tony warned, gentling his grip to a coy caress and tickling his thumb across Steve’s balls.  “I’d be willing to keep you here awhile; hard and gasping and desperate to come...” he licked the ear he’d bitten, and pressed a kiss to the sweaty hair at Steve’s temple.  “Bet we could do this all night...”
Clint grimaced, trying not to imagine everything that could go wrong with letting Steve Rogers talk to a reporter about anything at all, let alone a bulldog like Everhardt.  But while that might be arguably his monkey if, say, Everhardt were to try and kill him during the interview, it definitely was NOT his circus.  The Ringmaster himself was coming down the stairs, leather coat flapping like bat wings, and hell to pay in his eye.  Barnes was three steps behind Fury, sniperface firmly in place, but cracking just a bit around the eyes to show a simmering combination of anger and relief.
As always, much love to the commentors, especially in these troubled times of Civil War battle-camps.  It's fun to come together in a nice little AU armistice for a bit, isn't it?  #GoTeamStony!
“And even if he is really dead and gone, we still don’t know if he acted alone,”  Tony answered, too gentle for her rising temper.  “We don’t know if he was the mastermind, or somebody’s catspaw, but either way, putting my foot into Stark Industries now...” he shook his head.  “I don’t wanna make guns, Pep.”
That was when the phone rang -- not Clint’s, but the one on Howard Stark’s desk.  Rogers put up one finger to Clint, and plucked it out of the cradle.  “Rogers.  Oh, hello, Ms Arbogast.  Bambi, of course.  Sorry.”
"Yes I do, genius!  It's called 'e-mail'!"
"Bartender said that, huh?"  Tony took a glance at the bar, and found Karl leering from behind it, flashing Tony a completely unsubtle hand sign that might have stood for 'OK', or might have meant  'Hit That Till It Breaks'.  He grinned, and nodded the gorgeous blond back toward his chair.  "Well, he's not wrong.  Take a load off."
(Hint -- I'll do my best!)
But then when he’d asked to see Steve, instead of pride or lust, Tony watched those blue eyes fill with chagrin, worry, and a baffling sort of regret.  Then Steve had stripped, as quickly and efficiently as a soldier with two minutes to get through his shower; nothing enticing about it, nothing drawn out or coy, nothing done for show.   He looked perfect, gorgeous, and fully as miserable about it as Tony had felt, and all of a sudden Tony had found that he
When he'd come back the next week, he hadn't removed his gloves at the door.  The mystery had endured, the betting pool had swollen, the debates as to top or bottom, kinky or vanilla, and Dom, sub, or switch continued as Mr. Thursday Night, (who was just asking for it if he kept on telling people his name was Steve) held to his pattern, sat in his corner, and spent his money like nobody in their right mind would wonder what brought him there, or what it would take to bring him somewhere more private.
But he’d swallowed his pride and asked for help.  Begged for help.  Then been something of a little bitch about taking the help he’d asked for.  And now...
Okay, it was cheap, but at least it made Rogers laugh.  And it made Natasha freeze, her eyes narrowing as she took in the captive’s face, furious and defiant, and then scared when the satisfied smile spread across the Widow’s face.
Tony shook his head.  "Twenty questions ain't near enough, Cap," he laughed, tongue numb and cold against his lips.  "Few years back, I went to Afghanistan to do a technical stint with Doctors Without Borders.  My... I'd designed a low-cost, portable dialysis machine with a new kind of power supply, and I needed to be sure the clinicians understood how it worked, and what to watch out for before I just left it with them."  He licked his lips again.  "It was new tech.  Not experimental, but not like anything else anybody was using.  You can't just ship that kind of thing through the mail and hope nobody screws it up, right?"
*** Tony ***
Tony turned back to him, still grinning.  "Hey now, don't harsh," he chided.  "I'll have you know I paid good money for that in Vegas!  Like... twenty bucks, at least."  Steve snickered, as he was pretty sure he'd been meant to do, and deflected the poke Tony aimed at his ribs.  "Besides -- Captain America on Blue Velvet has been good luck for me since College."
“Shit,”  he blurted as Steve looked away, smile frozen in place.  “Shit, I’m sorry, Steve, I didn’t think.”  He reached across the table, snagged Steve’s hand and held on.
"Well, I've heard those things can be traced, you know," he bullshitted with a big grin, as if he knew Tony wouldn't be buying, but intended to shovel it anyway.  "I don't want uh, Hydra to use it to find me while I'm here with you."
“Son of a bitch,”  Hill grumbled.  “That was deliberate.  He bitched about those shoes when Phil brought Stark’s tailor in -- said they didn’t look like a thousand dollars worth of leather.  We couldn’t get him to decide on anything until we made the tailor stop talking up the money, but by then he knew.  So assuming he wore the cheap suit to SI today, Rogers just gave away six grand in Italian couture tailoring, in trade for used jeans and sneakers!”
"Or to have your location triangulated via that cell service tower over there,"  Tony agreed, smug and sly as he stole a kiss.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mr. Barton?” The immediate reply shook off the last of Clint’s sunbaked doze, and shocked him upright as Captain Steve Rogers leaned out of the window and squinted grinning up at the gate camera.  “Sorry to bother you, but could you buzz me in?  I need to drop something off before I head uptown.”
She sniffed hard against the infuriating urge to cry, and pressed on.  “Stane hasn’t been seen in nearly a year, Tony.  They’ve been
Steve swallowed, and held that stare while he shifted his weight and pulled the other leg of his jeans off.  He hadn’t bought underwear when he’d stopped at the little vintage store for these clothes, and he’d known better than to assume anything at all that White Star had given him was free of trackers, so now his cock stood high and proud against his belly, defiant to the sense of nervy, defiant exposure Steve was weathering in every other inch of his skin.  But then again, the damned thing always had had a mind of its own, and no damned sense of decorum.
“What’s that?” Tony asked, rolling up behind her.
From the corner of his eye, Tony saw Steve’s head lower, and turned to find him staring way too hard at the publicity flyer in his hands, that pretty blush staining the creamy skin of his all the way down his chest.
Then Clint got busy with the bagels while Rogers secured his ahem-guest to one of the barstools, and finally unzipped the duffel to reveal her flushed, rumpled, and furious face, and, “Holy shit, is that
let it bother him.  This was New York.  People shouted in public twenty times a day, and if they could ignore it then, they could damned well ignore it now.
Tony laughed.  "What, that's it?  No suggestions?  No invasive questions about what flashy new treatments I might not have tried yet?"
“He’s fine,” she answered fondly as she got her coat and bag, “Coaching boxers over in Queens these days, but he still does a little security work now and then.  He asks about you too.  You should really make time to see each other, you know?”
“You have something you need to say?” It was no invitation Daisy would’ve ever taken, but she guessed Hill knew her way around the Acting Director’s minefields after all the time they’d worked together.
*** James ***
“You know this was the last place I actually saw Tony face to face, right?”  James asked as he left the path and crossed to meet Jarvis at Maria’s stone, as polished and precise in his civilian clothes as in any officer’s uniform, but this had pretty much always been the case with James Rhodes.  Jarvis had briefly, futilely wished that the trait would wear off on Tony, but of course it never had.  “Right over there, under that hydrangea.”  He pointed to a tall bush beside an empty fountain, and Jarvis returned a nod.
“Northern part of the country.  Nowhere near Tora Bora.”
“Now I can’t order you to put your faith in Captain America if you haven’t got it to give, but I can and will ask you to dig deep and find a little bit for the ones who recruited you to White Star’s cause in the first place.”
who do.  And in a war zone with more factions than one or two in play, there’s a whole lot of ways that things can turn out.”
“Oh thank God!”  The words escaped him in a rush, and he found himself rather glad that Maria’s stone was so high, as it afforded him a convenient prop when his knees went a little weak.
“Whichever you don’t want,” Clint said, beaming as he offered the cup,  “I like em both ways.”
It was a shield, Tony realized, watching Steve pay the bill in cash -- a thing he hadn’t often seen back when he'd had more money than he could care about, but saw all the time now that he lived around people who worried about money all the time.  The courtesy, and charm, even those cardboard smiles that almost,
Definitely too conspicuous to go missing without comment then.  Phil huffed a sigh.  “And the transmitter?”  Barnes just smirked, and held up a spent Widow’s Sting between two gleaming metal fingers.  Which made Phil sigh again, imagining what Johnson would say about her ruined and abandoned tech.  “And the books?”
“Pepper,”  Tony reached across the table and captured her hand in one of his.  “Pepper, I can’t do that.  You know why I can’t.  We’ve talked about this.”
“Yeah, really,” Tony agreed, spreading his thighs as wide as he could, and cocking his good knee up to make room.  “You’re gonna do the heavy lifting tonight, big boy.  If you think you can handle it, that is.”  And oh yeah, that was the face of a man who never met a dare he didn’t take.  Steve made his answer with action however, and it was Tony who hissed in a breath at the sudden, firm swipe of a wet finger across his entrance, and oh fuck yeah -- not shy at all.
“Hmmmnh,” Steve agreed, eyes falling closed as Tony pressed his cock inward along the strong curve of his tongue, until the press of his throat fluttered around the head, and good god, but that was a pretty sight.  Tony let himself enjoy it for a long moment, and the rhythmic press-pull of tongue and suction as Steve held still and suckled at him, and hell yes, it was tempting -- the idea of spilling himself down that warm, eager throat.  But long dry spell or not, Tony wasn’t a teenager any more, and it would be a damn shame to lose out on the rest of Tony’s brand new and specifically Steve-related wish list.
Hell, for a time, Tony had been one of them; all bad boy chic, runaway millionaire come slumming to shock the fuck out of Dear Old Daddy with as much raunchy sex as he could fit into a day... But Tony'd had too much to prove back then, with a gigantic, Howard-shaped chip on his shoulder, plenty of high-end designer baggage to sling around (new-minted as well as heritage stuff), and no real world practice at not being an utter douchebag.  He hadn't been the darling for long, and if dear old Arnie hadn't taken him under his wing, Tony might've burned every bridge in the Village before he managed to figure out that it was him who was on fire.
“Hon, by my watch, you and me have known each other for less than two days, and believe me, you did just fine.”
“Not as hard as his father’s survival.”  A hint of bitterness in the not-quite-neutral words, but of course there would be; that was the bleeding heart of the matter, the bone they could not pick between them for biting at the other.  James the son of a single mother, with a void where he had always wished a father might be, and Tony with a living, present father whom he despised, and blamed for his mother’s death.  Both of them too young, too bright, too easily wounded to step away from the pointless fight before their bridge was in flames, both of them too prideful to try and reach across the gulf after it had fallen to ash.
He leaned in close, hands curled between the cool enameled steel and the warm, slightly damp skin of Tony's hips, and savored the velvety slide of that cock along his cheek as he pressed his nose to the crease of Tony's hip and just breathed the man in.  He felt the prickle of coarse, trimmed hair against his cheek, the slight burn of salt against his lips as he breathed the other man's scent deep, deep into his lungs.  The tension melted from his jaw, his neck, his shoulders as the musky, hungry smell of Tony's arousal rolled over Steve's tongue -- he could feel it bleed from his mouth on the gust of his groaning sigh as he pressed an open mouthed kiss to that smooth olive skin.
“You wouldn’t have to make guns, Tony.  Howard died owning more than 73% of SI’s stock.  That would give you enough of a controlling share that you could tell them to make bricks for children’s hospitals and get away with it!”
The club was still half full, though it was clear at a glance that hardly anyone was sober, and quite a few were deeply impaired.  Most of those were reeling about the postage-stamp sized dance floor though, grinding against anyone who’d grind back as the thumping bass and wailing guitars made their introductions for them.  Phil could feel Barnes close the gap between them, his mute menace radiating as warmth from two inches behind Phil’s left shoulder as they made their way through the taproom’s constellation of tables, toward the bar, where two people hunched over drinks and a cell phone at one end, and at least three people were engaged in some level of congress in the shadows behind the waiter’s station at the other end.
It was a tough job, but he was up to the challenge.  Even after the protection detail had shifted from Stark to Rogers, Clint had done whatever he could to maintain his weekly devotions to the Saints of towel, oil, and lounge chair.  Especially when there was a shitstorm brewing over at headquarters, and nothing he could add to the atmosphere besides another butt available for the chewing.  He figured if anybody needed a slice of his particular butt, they’d know where to find him, so it was best he should stay put and make some good use of sunscreen while everyone else panicked.
This time Tony did whimper.  But he also put every ounce of willpower he had into smoothly bending his elbow and wrist, drawing the tablet in from full extension while keeping it carefully level on his palm. When finally, the ridge of plastic touched his own naked chest, Tony dared to breathe, dared to hope.
“Yeah,” Steve sighed, reaching for Tony’s hand.  Tony steeled himself to pity at that, but the look he got when he met Steve’s eye instead was simmering with a deep, banked anger that strangely made it easier to let his own annoyance slide.
make everything worse if he let them out, Tony lifted the arm that was balancing the full teacup on top of his tablet.  His shoulders were screaming at him, his thighs trembling under the weight of his spread stance, and his extended arm felt like it had been on fire forever, but he managed to bring the liquid level inside the translucent china without sloshing any on the screen.
"Yes, he was,"  Steve said evenly, and began to rub his thumb back and forth across Tony's knuckles, circling each one as he went, as though to keep him present at the table, anchored from the past that was prickling like high desert frost across Tony's skin.  "He came home just before Christmas last year, and they say he's making great strides, considering."
"I'm sorry,"  Steve managed, hands hovering, the words like gravel in his throat.  "Tony, I'm sorry, I thought you... God, I'm so-"
“You did?” Rogers grinned as Clint clambered along an I beam so he could drop to the workshop level at the base of the stairs.  “That’s great.  Would you arrange a meeting with her for me?  Casual setting if possible.  Yes, I know she’s a journalist, that’s kind of why I want to talk to her.  Well, from what I can see Everhardt was the only one actually doing any digging at all at the time, and I think she might know some more beyond what she was allowed to put in her stories.”
"He'll come back,"  Romanoff opined after a moment.  "I give him the weekend.  Maybe a day or two longer, and then he'll come back.  He won't leave Carter, and he won't leave Yasha.  Just give him time to feel his point's been made, and he'll show up with bagels like nothing ever happened."
He smirked to himself at that, thinking of Tony, and the sharp little thrill his captive heart had given when Steve had walked away from his customay spot at the bar and pulled out a chair at the enigmatic man’s table instead.  Maybe this thing with him, whatever it turned out to be, would be what Steve needed to settle in, cool his blood, and find something worthwhile to do with himself in this weird world he’d woken up to.  The thought set up a pleased sort of hum under his skin, like a buzz he could faintly feel through the pulse and thrust of his muscles, and the rhythmic slap of his feet.
And no, that hangdog note in the man’s voice did not make Tony’s flinty heart suddenly turn to goo.  Not at all.  Especially since he knew damned good and well how protective Jarvis could be ever since Afghanistan, and there was a good likelihood that he might not have given Tony Steve’s number for several days.  Or longer, if the ‘Old Friends’ Tony wasn’t supposed to know Jarvis still kept up with from his Loyal Stark Employee days had trouble digging up a profile that looked kosher to the wary old bulldog.
Phil took the data-stick and turned it over in his fingers.  “You leave any traces?”
And he never, not even once, turned up at the speakeasy entrance and asked to be allowed Downstairs.
“Heya, Widow,” he grinned back, “Looks like Cap brought us Flowers as a peace offering.”
Steve hummed a sigh then, snuggled his head down against Tony’s chest, and clung like he wanted to belong nowhere else, and Tony decided that the practicalities of clean up and condom disposal could wait a bit.  This moment here, cooling and sticky, and panting and perfect while the blood sang, and the air calmed between them, felt more important by far.
“One of the lab techs said it looked like a fatal dose,” he challenged, and Jarvis shrugged.
Rogers kept that smile on though, and folded his hands on the desk in front of him.  “Well, if I’m going to be held publicly accountable for what White Star does,” he said in a far-too-reasonable voice, “then I figure I ought to know what White Star is actually up to.  He can tell you I’m no good at making up lies on the fly,”  Rogers tipped a nod to Barnes.  “But give me a bit of fair warning, and I can make you think a house fire’s a candle in the wind.”
“Hilarious,” Steve deadpanned.  “You still played it cool though.  And even if you hadn’t asked for my number, I enjoyed talking to you that night.  I probably would have gone to sit with you again on Thursday just for the conversation.”
He gave a slow blink that could have been acknowledgement, or a warning.  She plunged on anyway.  “And maybe if you’re gonna put a depression era kid from Brooklyn in thousand dollar shoes?  You should probably not put our best trackers in them, because now we’re gonna have to go buy them back from that vintage shop before she sells them to someone who’se likely to take them through an airport and figure out what’s really in there.”
“So,” he said,  smiling when Steve startled upright, “You thinking welding and fabrication, or more like the coding or drafting classes?  I’d suggest auto repair, but that can be hard on the hands, and I like yours the way they are.”
“Uh...”  Clint dithered, completely unprepared for this turn of events.  “Maybe you better page James, okay?  Or Fury maybe.  Or... y’know, maybe everyone.”
“I think you don’t much want to shoot me at all, ma’am, or you’da done it before you spoke up,” he answered her straight.  “Which means you’ve got it figured that I’m more valuable to you alive.”
“Colonel Fury,”  Rogers cut in, a note of amusement in his voice.  “Good to see you.  I was about to ask Clint if he could track you down.”
she said it like spitting, and James held himself very, very still.
Rogers grinned in reply, and lobbed the bag Clint’s way.  “Yeah, they’re my favorite too.  Hey, can you get the door for me?  I don’t want her to whack her head on the way through.”
“So you get to continue your fellatio rights without the benefit of latex, because I’m clean too,”  Tony told him fondly.  “Which is good, because I want you to put that gorgeous mouth back on me right now,"  he stroked the silky hair back from Steve's brow and smiled as he took firm hold again and made Steve's eyes go dark and wanting.
And then, of course, he had come to love young Tony better.  The son he’d so dearly wished he and Ana could have had, a brilliant child, merry at bizarre times, somber at others, sensitive and courageous, and so very much
Tony stretched into the space Steve had yielded, and offered back a grin.  “There you go, ruining our ‘intimate strangers’ paradigm with your curiousity,” he shook his head in theatrical disappointment.  “I’ll give you three questions.”
Phil just took out his phone, opened the gallery, and began to scroll.  He’d found the shot he wanted by the time the bartender wandered close and asked, “What’ll you have, boys?”
“And you were glad.”  It wasn’t a question, and Tony was grateful for that.
Tony had never been tall, but now he’d be looking up to everyone, yes, even Justin fucking Hammer.  He’d never taken dancing very seriously, but now even hump-grinding on a crowded dance floor was off the menu.  He’d scorned athletics as a waste of his time for years, but now athletics would scorn him.  He’d never walk somebody down the aisle now, even for a joke.  He’d never get to follow through on that threat he’d once made, to dance on his old man’s grave...
Phil was preparing to translate when the barkeep laughed, and replied in the same language, but with a decidedly Warsaw accent.  “
And with that, he stooped below the bar, rattled around for a second, and came up with a shotglass, and an unlabeled bottle that steamed an icy breath into the club’s sultry darkness.  He plopped both in front of Barnes, and turned a wolfish grin to Phil.  “Don’t give him too much of that before you take him Downstairs and beat the aggro out of him -- This vodka makes ‘em mean.”
Steve’s breath heated the nape of his neck in a sigh though, raising the fine hairs there to trembling attention, and Tony found himself yelping, “Is it cool enough yet Captain?”
Phil led the way to a secluded table with good sightlines.  Barnes followed, bringing the vodka.  Once they’d settled, Barnes poured himself another shot and asked, “How did you find out?”
Phil’s request for the vintage cocktail made Barnes scoff loudly, even as it made the barkeep beam with delight.  “Ooh, you do know the way to a mixologist’s heart, don’t you?” he crowed, flapping at them with both hands.  “Go sit down, lovebirds.  I’ll bring it out in a minute.”
The man pretended to think, one finger tapping at his bearded chin.  “Mmm, no,” he decided.  “The drinks are for sale, and the Downstairs club memberships are for sale, and that’s it.  But you can’t blame a guy for trying to make a profit before he throws you two suspicious characters outta his bar.”
,” he said.  “So you need to figure out how to let me lead from the front.  There’s too much at stake right now to have the two of us at odds over this.”
was the interesting one, and Captain America no more than an amusing resemblance... that had woken the hungry, lonely thing inside him that Steve had never been any good at talking sense to.  Made it snarl and claw and rattle its cage to get at what it wanted -- what it had wanted for as long as Steve could remember.
she went on, challenging him to point out that she had looked for ghosts, rivals and hidden threats just the same after she’d decided to stay with White Star.  He didn’t.  That was a trap, and they both knew it.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well. You're of age now though, right?" Steve tried for ‘gently ribbing’ in his tone, but from the softness that question brought to Tony's warm eyes, he guessed he'd fallen somewhere short of it.
Her warmth lifted from his chest as she turned a look of pure annoyance on him.
three hours ago,"  Natasha growled the correction deep in her throat, as though the fact offended her.  Nick hoped to hell it did offend her, because it sure as fuck offended
Then Tony smiled -- not the rakish grin, nor the mischievous smirk, but rather a soft, comforting thing almost like gratitude.  “Nothing,” he answered, and his gaze didn’t flicker away from Steve’s face.  “I just wanted to see you.”
That made Steve look up in surprise, squinting past the worklight to examine U’s manipulator arm.  “Well I’ll be,” he murmured, reaching up to trace one of the grippers, and then grinning when the claw gently closed on his thumb and gave it a little shake.  “You built him, didn’t you?” Steve asked, “Both of them.  And your chair... That’s what you do here, when you aren’t teaching, isn’t it?”
Steve's expression was hung halfway between awed and delighted as he watched the chair start rolling gently forward up the hill without the aid of Tony's hands at all.  But he only answered with, "That seems rude to me.  Mind if I walk beside you?"
She didn’t dither, she absolutely did not.  “I was looking for Mr. Coulson,” she answered, brandishing her tablet by way of excuse for interrupting what had probably been some kind of world saving, evil-confounding business, to judge from the cold-water glare Ms. Hill was giving Daisy over the Acting Director’s shoulder.  “Thought he might be in here with you?”
"Three months,"  Tony said, the words feeling something like relief as they escaped him.  "Then the prototype blew the whole cave system to rubble.  Killed everyone inside it but me, and one other doctor they'd kidnapped.  A trauma surgeon who'd specialized in cardiac..." he flinched away a sudden flash of Yinsen's face; battered, dusty, smiling.  Dying.
“Sir, ma’am,”  Daisy said, setting her tablet on the Director’s desk, and activating the holo projector above it.  “I activated the codes for six tracking devices this evening.  Three pinged back, but two of those went out pretty much at once, and haven’t responded since then, but it’s not hard to cripple those nano-gel trackers with a little salt and water.  Even some kinds of soap will drain the batteries down to useless, so...”  She caught a restless movement from Hill in the corner of her eye, and hastily let the details drop.
, please do.
Steve drew in a trembling breath, hung on the choices spread out before him.  The rosy thrust of Tony’s cock, still gleaming from his kiss beckoned, but so did the tautly muscled abdomen, dusted with dark hair like that on his slender legs, and the spread of his chest and muscled shoulders gave testament to just how rarely Tony used the powered functions of his chair.  In the end, it was his hands that Steve reached for first, nimble and scarred, with fingernails chewed low, and tiny burns sprinkled across the knuckles like stars.
Steve looked down, bashful.  “I didn’t mind all the flirting, I just...”
The most obvious damage was the left knee, back-thrust, a little sideways under Tony’s weight, and knotted thickly above and below with scars.  It was all too easy to imagine bone  shards punched through that pale skin, and months of bad healing to set that awkward angle up to last a lifetime afterward.  Steve wanted, for a shaky moment, to kiss that poor, abused knee, but that far this indulgence surely could not stretch.  Instead, he lifted his hands to settle gently on Tony's ribs, and looked to the other leg.
“Don’t know,” Steve mused, chin resting on Tony’s shoulder now, “Bring it here so I can check. Slowly,” he warned, even as Tony’s elbow wobbled with eager relief, “With control.  Be a shame for you to spill it and have to start over again now.”
This time, Fury took the hit.  “We had a lot of other things on our plate when Howard’s son went missing.” he said, and he was probably aiming for patience in his tone, but it was hitting closer to defensive.  “Between Hydra finding you, SHIELD nearly capturing Barnes, and the COO of Stark Industries disappearing under suspicion of illegal arms dealing, we didn’t have the spare resources to go chasing after ghosts just for fun.”
Steve clenched his eyes shut and hesitated, heart pounding as his stomach twisted with futile, feeble guilt.  Above him, Tony had stepped off the landing and turned down the hallway with quiet thuds of his walker's legs.  Keys were jingling Tony's hands, and Steve's erection pulsed against the crease of his jeans like a trapped and angry thing, and there was simply no way he was backing down and running for cover now.
“Oh ho, tricky, going for the two-part answer,” Tony crowed, trying and failing to poke Steve in that ticklish spot under his ribs again.  He settled back against the arm of the sofa when Steve fended him off, and let his face relax into sobriety.
"I'll take that as a yes?"  Tony murmured, threading his fingers into Steve's hair so he could get a solid grip.
“You trusted me with your submission,”  Tony smirked, ruffling Steve’s soft hair into even wilder spikes.  “I kinda feel like I should be the one saying thank you for that.”
"It's okay,"  Tony shrugged, tapping his nearly empty glass against the tiara that was still sitting on the table.  "I don't typically do hookup sex with strangers until I've had their phone number for at least a month."
The yellow and red caution sign glared at him as he reached in past the wires and collected his bag of clothes, but Steve just gave it back a smirk.  He’d counted on the metal box to block the passive signals from whatever bugs White Star had put in his clothes, and on the electrical interference to baffle whatever active trackers they’d had on him, and to judge from a whole weekend free from the crawling, itchy feeling of watching eyes on the back of his neck, Steve figured it had worked pretty well.
what a chickenshit that man was under fire.”
“Oh, you know her then?” Rogers asked, tipping the stool precariously onto its back legs when Flowers got a look at Clint and immediately started thrashing again.
"He."  Tony swallowed a ghostly mouthful of sand and granite dust, blood and cordite smoke.  "He was a POW?"  The words staggered getting past his numb lips.
Okay, do I get to keep the explicit tag yet?
"Home...?"
Barnes swore softly in Russian, and Clint was pretty sure all four of them were imagining having to turn over Stark Industries, the mansion, and all of White Star’s operating capital to a man who already had his reasons for hating his father, but might just be under HYDRA’s, thumb as well.  Clint stole a glance at the acting Director, to see how he was handling the idea, but there were too many moving parts in that one-eyed scowl for him to make it out.
“How... How fast?”
“You sure of that, Sir?”  Hill came back, sour and mad, and that made Fury look at her at last.
“Are you on the subway, Steven?”  Tony asked, incredulous.
“Erm.  Right now?”
, damn him.  And now this -- Nick couldn't even send out teams to search Cap's few favorite haunts, in case one of his agents got made and led Hydra right to the man.  Nick gave up and pinched at the budding headache between his eyebrows.
Rogers stared back without blinking.  “I think it’d be stupid of us to leave that to chance.  After all, no matter what his relationship with his father might have been, the kid was still a Stark, and he must have gotten more from Howard than just a lot of money.  And I’ll tell you this for nothing -- Howard might’ve been more of a tinkerer than a fighter, but I still wouldn’t want anyone with his kinda smarts working against me.”
“No, he’s out looking for you, like everybody else!”
"Well,"  Tony said, nudging the chair to corner up the walk that led to the Center's main entrance, and keeping hold of Steve's hand to tow him along up the ramp. "I guess we'd better get you upstairs before you cause a scene then, hadn't we?"
ANYway!  To all those taking the time out of their weekend to read and comment -- THANK YOU!  You're what keeps me at the keyboard!
Fury signed as Rogers and Arbogast finished with the pleasantries and ended the call.
Tony’s stare never wavered from Steve’s face though, and the look in his eyes now that Steve stood, bared and blushing before him, was one of rapt appreciation.  “You’re so beautiful,” he breathed, without a single glance at Steve’s body.
(See the end of the chapter for
*** Pepper ***
In which is noted location, distance, time of travel, and who picks up the check.
In which is debated red versus black, losses against gains, and the merits of a bohemian steampunk ideal.
"Well.  It was a civilian venture, not military.  We weren't there to fight the war, we were there to help people survive it, and we went by civilian transport all the way, so we wouldn't be a target for insurgents, you know?"  He smirked, rubbing a hand on his pants.  "Only it turns out the I was a target anyway.  They had... This outfit called the Ten Rings.  Somehow they got the design specs for my machine.  For the power source.  They wanted me to weaponize it."
“Oh hell no,”  Tony cut him off, savage and grinning over his desktop collection of bills, biochem tracts, coffee cups, and lesson plans.  “You don’t get to ninja your GQ ass all up into my business, drop your digits on a note, then backflip off of the roof and disappear into the night.”
she demanded.
Nick closed the door, shutting out the murmurs from the rest of his crew, then put his shoulders to the door, crossed his arms over his chest, and waited.  It didn't take long.
He blinked.  “Well, that’s good, because he’s, uh-”
Steve let Tony play him like a grand piano, eagerly rising to every stroke and bite till he gleamed with sweat and knotted his fists in the rumpled blankets, till Tony had rendered him glassy eyed and gasping.  And oh, but Tony wanted to test his range; wanted to see if that lithe back would arch as high for a rake of nails down his belly as for a stroke of tongue; wanted to see what the pitch of that sigh would sound like if he were to slap Steve's cock instead of just licking it; wanted to find out if this lovely boy would yield and yield and keep on yielding until, say, all of Tony's fist had slipped inside him.
“It’s just,” he began, then halted, biting his lip.  “It’s amazing. You're... you're just amazing, is all.  It's... it's humbling to me.”
In which is measured loyalty, nostalgia, and the full duration of Sing, Sing, Sing.
Steve was still exploring that notion when he arrived back at the vintage shop, and so it was with perhaps a bit less caution than was warranted, he ducked into the alley and made the climb back up to the roof again.  The transformer box was sun-warm already, dusty and dull from the rains of a dozen years, but it opened up with barely a squeak for him -- he’d taken care to oil it well when he’d first come up here to break the lock and get it open.
“Absolutely.  Let us have a gentleman’s agreement then,” Jarvis declared, and offered his hand.
.”  Then he ducked out the door, neatly evading her grab for his bagel, and not even feeling bad about it -- he’d seen two pumpernickels in the bag, after all, so she wouldn’t even have to share hers with Barnes.
It was almost as weird as the way the aching muscles, shaking limbs, and burning humiliation that made him utterly, ferociously useless in the Gym class he’d insisted on taking, led to him being utterly, ferociously, helplessly aroused when it was this intensely gorgeous asshole dishing it out in a private session.  Tony wasn’t going to think about that though, because the unbuttoned collar of Steve’s cheap cotton shirt was pressing tight against his naked back, and he could feel the bobbing ridge of Steve’s throat against his shoulder as the cup tilted, and the tea drained away.
“Yeah, well make sure you don’t lose your wallet before you get that ass of yours back down here to Jay street,”  Tony laughed.  “I’m starving, and my favorite Thai place is just down the block.  If you hurry, we can beat the dinner rush.”
terms.
And then Tony kissed him, and Steve let himself be kissed; leaning into Tony, face tilted upward in a drowsy smile, as if being kissed at such an angle were a comfort to him somehow.  It was unlike any other kiss with any other hookup Tony could remember in his life -- warm and slow, unhurried and tender as if they'd been lovers for years, and easy kisses and reverently wandering touches were a daily thing between them.  As if easy kisses had been any part of Tony's life at all in the three years it had been since Afghanistan spit the chewed remains of the Estranged Stark Heir out, and Jarvis brought Anthony Carbonell home in his place.  As if there had been anyone in all that time, whom Tony had wanted to bring close enough to him that he
“Ready to show me what you’re made of now?”  Tony asked, tracing with his fingers the quivering tapestry of muscle that made up Steve’s abdomen.
“Well, I’m not all that hard to find,”  Fury replied, helping himself to one of the workshop chairs.  “Just look for the idiot making the biggest pile of trouble, and I’ll generally be there kicking his ass for it.”
Fury just let that mean smile of his.  “Howard told me he had cleaners gather up all of his belongings and photographs after Maria died and Tony moved out,” he said, continuing his climb to the garage.  “I figure most of it should still be up there now, waiting for you to get started.”
Tony allowed the point with a nod, but rolled on anyhow.  "But I think mostly he'd be somewhat appalled at having been turned into a poster boy for the modern Gay Pride movement without any say so of his own."
There was exactly one level surface in the whole place not buried in papers, books, and arcane, unknowable robot-clutter, and that was the seat of the recliner.  If Steve was going to be generous, about half of the small table beside it was clear too, give or take a beer bottle.  And in pride of place over the recliner...
And so it was that he happened to be the only Agent on the grounds when it counted.  Because of
Tony thought, licking open the soft seam of Steve's lips as he slid both hands into the warm welter of Steve's jacket to feel the eager breadth of muscle beneath it.
"I mean, Jesus, those things are way bigger up close than you'd think, and fifteen, maybe twenty raccoons running around in Grand Central Station at rush hour on a Friday?"  Barton went on, picking up the carafe as though to drink from it directly.  "You couldn't ask for a better distraction."
.  And something fragile and barely mended inside him collapsed under the thawing weight of that promise, thin as it was.  He dragged in a breath, shivering and wet over his tongue, and then he managed a smile.  “I’m just a kid from Brooklyn,” he said.
From: Ghostface -- Disgusting as usual.  Is he with U?
"Just like that,"  Tony grinned.  "Now first, when was your last STD check?”
The whole of the White Eagle's Saturday night crowd lost its everloving mind and began to scream in unison at the revelation of the coveted Last Name, and yeah, point to Mr. Thursday, because it was nearly a quarter of an hour before Tony could so much as look at that gorgeous face and the merry hell sparkling in those eyes, without breaking into giggles.
“That’s it,”  Barnes agreed.  “Alone coming in.  Alone going out.  Every time.”  He poured another shot then, and cut his eyes at the barkeep, who was approaching with a single, very full champagne flute balanced on an old tin tray.
Huh.  Bambi?  Since when was Rogers on a first name basis with the fearsome shadow-dictator/admin assistant over at SI?  Last Clint had known, Arbogast didn’t let anyone from the White Star end of things get cosy with her.  Rogers was turning out to be an intriguing exception all around.
Tony shook his head, but didn't stop staring at the driver's license for which Steve had neither tested, nor paid, as if he could spot the forgery.  "No, honey, no.  I just can't decide whether your parents were the biggest nerds ever, or completely sadistic, naming a kid who looked like you after Captain America."  At last he tore his gaze away, and reached out to push Steve's wallet down so he could get a hand into Steve's hair again.  "It must've been hell for you in gym class," he purred, scratching as if Steve was a giant cat, and he meant to get a purr out of him.
***Steve***
Clint had to stifle a snicker at that, but he was glad he had when Fury glared back with a nod.  “Fine.  And while you’re busy with Hill, you can have Barnes and Barton go through some of the boxes in the attic.”
Thursday sat back in his chair, his smile truing up just a little as he gave Tony and his sudden, uncomfortable self-awareness a searching stare.  "Huh.  Wouldn't have taken you for a Cap fan," he said after a moment.
In which is discussed autonomy, automation, cash flow, and task lighting.
She shrugged, glowering.  "It was a big crowd.  Panicking mobs are stupid, dangerous, and impossible to navigate.  He took advantage of that."
Nick cracked a glare in her direction.  "You seem pretty confident of that."
to the Center.  I’m not taking any of your money for me, because despite evidence to the contrary,” and here he gestured grandly to the cluttered, mismatched, shabbily well loved wreck that was his living space, “I have all the money I need.  Are we clear, Mister Big Bucks?”
"I'm afraid Mr. Carbonell will be quite busy today, sir," the man deflected so smoothly Steve just knew he had years of practice at it.  "There's a luncheon meeting with the Centre's accountant, and in the afternoon, Mr. Carbonell teaches the drafting and robotics classes.  Very popular, you understand.  Perhaps if you'd like to leave your name and number, I could have him ring you once he's free?"
"You know what?  It's fine,"  Steve said, letting annoyance shave a hard Brooklyn edge onto his voice.  "I'll just find him next time we're both at the club."
Which, when you put it that way... still sounded about right.  The only other thing Tony had intended to do with the evening was to go over the latest Extremis data to see if he could help Maya out with her little exploding posy problem, and frankly that was a cold second to the idea of seeing Mr. Thursday Night sweating and flushing over a big bowl of tom yum goong.   “Gold star to Captain America,”  Tony grinned.  “How far out are you?”
That won a breathless, half-desperate giggle, and Steve's arm bunching under Tony’s weight, turning at elbow and wrist to gently, shyly stroke at Tony's cock where it thrust warm and heavy against Steve's side.  "I..." he licked his pink lips, shivered in a breath and tried again.  "I don't beg," he said, and his voice was suddenly steady as steel, "and I really don't like mean names, or... or insults.  Had enough of that as a kid, and it'll just make me wanna sock you in the nose, okay?"
“It wasn’t like I was trying to change your mind or anything,” Steve went on.  “Even aside from how I’m crap at talking to people I like, there’s about a hundred good reasons why I shouldn’t be doing anything like this at all,” he waved vaguely at the two of them, the bedroom, the robots, “but what I really wanted that night was to talk to someone who wasn’t trying to get into my pants for once.”
Hill cursed again, staring at the ceiling as if praying for strength.  Fury, though, gave Daisy a searching glance, and scooted her tablet a little bit closer to her on the desk.  “Can you get me the shop’s transaction records for the past three days?” he asked.
“Apology accepted,” she said, flicking a glance toward Rogers before making a tentative gesture at his captive.  “May I?”
Steve chuckled, and let himself be led across the apartment.  It was clearly the man's haven; untidy and enthusiastic in a way that was at once chaotic, and deliberate, as though Tony might be able to find any book, any paper, any tiny fiddly screw he wanted in the uncertain landscape within minutes, so long as nobody ever snuck in here and cleaned anything up.  The furniture was of the slouching, sturdily comfortable sort; too well loved to be cheap, but too well worn to be valuable, no one item matching any other, but all of them broken in the way that none of the furnishings in Howard Stark's mansion seemed to be.  Though technically it was Steve's mansion now, signed, sealed and notarized by a lawyer who seemed to find the whole thing just as baffling as Steve himself did... but honestly, it was a relief to find himself in a place where the furniture looked like you were
"Jesus, Steve!"  Tony gripped his hair tight now, tugging, warning, so Steve shifted for a better angle, fixed his grip on Tony's hips and shoved in close, tongue pressed up to strafe the underside, throat open to accept the weighty thrust as he pressed his nose to Tony's belly and- "Steve, stop!"
“Well it does make sense,”  Natalia sighed, shoving Clint over mercilessly when he tried to fight her for the covers.  “May had some eyes-only paperwork for him to sigh earlier that morning, so he did spend some time over at the SI den yesterday afternoon.”
“Right, Steve, sorry.  I’m gonna go back up to the Garage for a little, and, uh...”
He froze, skin suddenly taut with horror like a dousing of icy water,  Tony pulled his hips back, fingers still clenched to hold Steve's head still until his cock slipped free, and he dropped to the bed with a gusting sigh and a screech of bedsprings.
“A little,” Steve admitted shyly.  “I mean, not in the creepy way, but... yeah.  I noticed you at the club, and you intrigued me, so... I kept an eye on you.”  Tony met his wary glance with his biggest grin, propped his chin in one hand, and settled in expectantly.
in this man’s bed.  He closed his eyes and sighed in relief as Tony brushed gentle kisses over the lids and murmured, “that’s all I need.”
“You wouldn’t?” Steve pretended to be disappointed.  That was an awfully big gun for a hand as small as hers, especially with the added weight of that silencer hanging off the end.
“But if he ever thought his son was taken alive, why didn’t Howard put any White Star resources to work finding him?” Rogers asked, with the air of someone who couldn’t quite believe nobody had asked that question before.
Nick laced his fingers together, hard.  "Please: educate me."
Then he turned back to Maria’s tombstone, and leaned carefully to brush a few fallen leaves from the top.  “How they did miss you, madam,” he told her, as he always did when he found himself holding this audience with the dead.  “I’m sure it would shock you to see how well you held those two together.”  Because, of course, in her absence, the two Stark men flew instantly, violently, and irrevocably apart.
“Yeah.  Stane’s armored SUV was recovered from an insurgent encampment by a troop of Marines last month,” he said, watching Jarvis so closely he could not have missed his involuntary flinch at the news.  “In Panjshir.”
He felt laughter under his sweating back, and a moment later, he was swept up off his feet, like the noodly little nerd he was.  “Sure, Tony,” his beautiful tormentor allowed, carrying him back to the sofa, and the belt still draped over its back,  “You can have a little reward before we start again.”
“Oh, I do believe you will,” replied the bartender ominously.
“I know,”  Phil kept his tone friendly, but arid.  “It’s almost as if none of us know for sure what your remaining triggers are, and talking to you about what’s going on is the only way we have to know whether you’ve lost time again or not.”  The argument between them was so old and worn by now that neither of them could quite manage the sharply edged irritation, and now just let it slide into the realm of ‘weary fondness’.  It was easier, after all, and Phil got the sense that the occasional reality check was actually reassuring to Barnes, even after all these years.  He liked to know they weren’t being complacent with him.
are a seasoned field agent, sir.  You’re a spy.  We all are.  And what we’re doing here, the war we’re fighting is a cold one, not like the one he remembers.  There’s precious little room in this game for Grunts.”
From:  TheLastOf -- Workshop.  U back?  How was Jersey?
In a way, Tony came to realize, the chaos of his preferred seat seemed to calm the man as he sat there, week after week, nursed his drinks, and watched the slumming Suits gradually get outnumbered by the Twinks, Bears, Queens and Daddies who ruled this roost by night.  And there he'd stay until last call; happily watching the people around him as if he himself were somehow invisible, and not the total focus of every horny queer in the place. with his blue eyes, his impossibly wide shoulders, chiseled jaw, and plush lips that looked built for sucking cock.  He spent more time cheerfully scraping men and boys off his lap than any other club favorite Tony had ever seen come through the Eagle -- and Tony had started coming here when he'd left home after his mom's funeral in '91, so he'd seen a lot of darlings rise and fall from the White Eagle's favor.
He gulped a breath and thrust roughly to his feet beside the bed.  His cock, too long strangled between his bunched thigh and deeply creased denim, gave a blood-hungry surge of pain as he did so.  That wrung another grunt from him, but the ache was bracing too, and in its shadow Steve made short and efficient work of his task.  Simpler than one of those suits; tee shirt over his head, folded in two quick swipes; boots toed off in a quick tumble, socks whipped free and tucked into each boot as he righted them; jeans yielding almost as soon as he popped the button open and began to tug.
“Do I get to finish you off this time?”  Steve dared, even as he let Tony steer him down by the hair.  The stubborn challenge in those lips made Tony’s eager cock lurch, even as his own face spread around the joy of rising to it.
“Just checking,”  Phil replied mildly as he put Lola in gear and pulled easily away from the curb.
Steve held still for it, the skin of his wrist so smooth and hot under Tony's fingers, that it was a trial make himself let go while he still had some cool to bargain with.  The way Steve slid his hand out from under Tony's when he was done though -- slowly, gently enough to let the fingers drag and almost, almost tangle together on their way past -- that suggested that maybe Tony was doing better than he'd thought.  "Carbonell?"  Steve asked squinting at Tony's handwriting in the gloom.
“Admit it now,” Tony pressed, leering as he tried for another snap, “You just want to see me in the Tiara.”
the wounds that had broken him... There was a very good chance that Tony had lost his goddamned mind, along with every single protective instinct he’d ever had.  But he did it anyway, and Steve's gentle reverence as he complied took his breath away as a reward for the simple trust.
The man managed to give a put-upon sigh even as he was clearly ogling Barnes, but he waved a passing hand all the same, saying “No one lets me have any fun.  In you go then.  No cover for Leatherbois and Hot Dads at this hour of night.”
"I can just climb the stairs,"  Tony agreed, "If I wanted to, I could use the chair to walk, run, or even fight, in a pinch, but really,"  he reached out two fingers to hook Steve's chin, and urge him to lean in close.  "Right now, think this is the best perk to the standing formation..."
Steve nodded.  “Lipstick!  All over ‘im! They all did!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s fine, Tony,”  Steve answered after a silent moment of staring at their hands.  Then he licked his lips and turned his wrist to bring their palms together on the table.  “I’m fine, I promise.  It’s just... one moment we’re all alive and doing okay, and just a year later... well, there’s only two of us now.”  He stared at the scarred table, and a crease dug deep between his brows.  “And James... some days I wonder how much of himself he still has left after... after his capture.”
Hill didn’t look happy about that either, but she gave the nod they all knew she was expected to before she headed for the door.  “Anything else, sir?”
The light came on automatically as they entered, revealing a bedroom exactly suited to the living space outside it -- bed unmade, laundry flung against one wall, books and papers piled everywhere that would hold them, and a series of paths just wide enough to roll the chair throughout it all.  Further detail he didn't bother with, because the feeling of Tony's mouth moving under his, the scratch of his trim little beard against Steve's chin, the firm swell of hip flexing against his knuckles was far more relevant than any analysis of Tony's housekeeping skills.
Yes, I used Skye.  I’m not sorry, she’s an awesome character.  As usual, once you're back from the movie, come and speak to me in the comments, my apple trees, my whippoorwills -- I value your thoughts!
, and-”  He stopped abruptly, but only because Tony’s fingers were on his lips again, and if he didn’t, they were gonna be in his mouth.
Steve heard the past tense in that sentence, heard the weight of loss behind it, and he wondered just for a second, how far the gulf between Tony and his friend had grown.  There were so, so many ways to lose a friend, after all, and Steve knew some of them were more absolute than others.  It didn't take death, or even a world of distance to feel loss like a rotten tooth when the voice that meant home to you spoke in a stranger's tones, suspicious and terse when chance crossed your paths in the house you shared with him and his friends, in the future you never asked to see...
“Because nobody knew his son was dead yet,”  Clint went ahead and jumped through the hoop when a long beat of silence proved the others were just gonna stubborn it out.
“Did...”  Rogers swallowed then, and dredged up a cheap plastic smile from somewhere as he blinked the two of them back into focus.  “Did he say Howard’s son was named
“Um, sir, ma’am, waitaminute?”  Daisy waved both hands, palms out before her.  “I said the tracker hasn’t moved.  Like, not even shifted attitude or slid a little bit.  Like it’s still sitting exactly where he put it down when he took his shoes off.”  Then she leaned over the desk, and tapped the grid map over to street view so they could all get a good look at the building around that single red blip, and the hand lettered sign that hung over the door.
Steve stopped, one leg hovering as he followed that soft word to Tony’s face.  His generous mouth quirked down a bit, those wide blue eyes fixed on Steve’s face with what could be concern, but could also be doubt.  He swallowed.  “What?”
Steve chuckled, and let Tony withdraw his hand to get out his keys at the door.  "Well, I'll admit I was curious about that,"  he said, then shrugged at the eyebrow Tony shot him.  "You said you lived upstairs, but I didn't see an elevator when I was inside, just that open central staircase, and..."  he fidgeted under the weight of Tony's stare. "And you obviously manage just fine, but I was just..."
And yeah, Tony probably should have expected that he’d get little more than a wordless croak and a hip-thrust in answer, but he had to chuckle anyway.  He tightened his grip just a little, and gave Steve’s scarlet, straining cock another slick pull with his fist, then he slithered up to put his lips to Steve’s ear to whisper again.  “What can I do to make it good for you?”
"Jay Street Technical Arts Center," he repeated to himself.  Then he grabbed his empty cup and plate, and headed back up to the counter to ask the girl there if they might have such a thing as a phone directory about the place.
“Hi Clint,” Rogers waved, slinging his thrashing luggage over one shoulder and brandishing a waxed paper bag in the other hand.  “I brought bagels if you want one.”
“Sounds exhausting,”  Rogers came back with a smile like butter wouldn’t melt off it.  Barnes made a noise of strangled humor in his throat, and that made Rogers’ smile turned just a little more genuine.  “You should let me help you out with that.”
“That would be you, sir,”  Hill answered with a brief, wry smirk.
“Well, I’m sure she thinks she could,” Rogers grinned, all bright teeth and wholesome innocence, except for the glint in his eyes that gave away how much damned fun he was having at everyone else’s expense.  “but truth be known, she took a pretty bad fall before we came over from Brooklyn.  I don’t feek safe letting her walk on her own just until we have one of our people take a look at her.”
'When can I go home?'
“Sure, but anyone who
“Steve,”  Barnes began, only to pull up short when Fury put up a silencing hand.
She smiled back at him, declaring with her eyes that she wasn’t taken in by his act at all.  “And you’re awfully calm about a gun in your face, Captain Rogers.”
“You don’t think he’d have made a try for the inheritance by now, if he was still alive?”  Fury asked after a moment, probing Rogers’ theory for cracks.
, and he hasn’t crawled out from under any rock they’ve kicked.”
“We’re not going back yet,” he replied easily, as if they both were calm as a Sunday picnic.  “There’s one more place I’d like to check out before we head in.”
Tony cracked up then, and pushed the door open.  "Geez, your
“Backflip off the... I... what?”
Tony didn't though.  Not with Steve, not yet.  It had been so long, but no, not yet.
Instead, he pressed his lips to her hair and murmured,
?  Oh, and did Barnes maybe tell him any details about HYDRA's little super soldier reeducation program while he was telling his best buddy all the rest of the facts of twenty-first century life?"
There were a million savage questions in Steve's eyes, and Tony watched him sort through them all before landing on, "How long?"
She laughed, and bent to kiss his cheek.  “You’d only fill it up with classes and tinkering if they did.”
"They need a dancing monkey, they'll get a dancing monkey."  Steve shaped the defiant snarl in his head into hollow whispers, air barely a tickle over his lips.  "Don't much matter who the monkey dances with on his own dime."
Tony rolled his eyes.  “No, last week.  Of course right now!  It sounds like a bank vault full of monkeys and washing machines over there.  Is that dubstep I hear?”
"I'm sorry,"  Steve said, soft with regret.
Tony nipped at Steve’s ear, not the soft lobe, but up high, where the cartilage resisted his teeth.  The sudden pain of it shocked Steve’s equivocation silent even as it made his cock lurch and drip precome over Tony’s knuckles.  And wasn’t
Steve’s long arm reached around him, over his bicep and across his chest to pluck the cup from its saucer, and bring it past Tony’s ear for a sip.  It was like he was a doll, or a child.  Or a wiry, whip-thin nerd who’s spent most of his childhood building computers instead of playing outside, and now had the body to prove it.  And a hard-on that felt like he could use it to pound nails through concrete, too. Tony was never going to stop being freaked out by how incandescently
“It’s adorable how you say that like it’s a good thing, not the end of the night’s fun,”  Tony smirked, lifting his cock away from his belly and rubbing the head along the soft, open swell of Steve’s lips.  “I’ll tell you what you get when I want you to have it, gorgeous.  Till then, you just enjoy yourself and leave the planning to me.”
She cut a glance at the noise of offended disbelief Barton made, but managed not to smirk as she nodded toward the bandaged hand.  "They're also recommending that anybody exposed to them should probably get rabies shots, just to be sure."
***Phil***
Steve snickered and shook his head.  "You really wanna put that thing on, don't you?" he asked, clear eyed and not wobbly at all as he shot the rest of his drink and capped the now-empty bottle.
something I ever want to do again.  Bodycount from a stand up fight is one thing, but this shell game bullshit is bad for my blood pressure!”
he found it when Steve Captain Of The Wrestling Team Rogers stopped being polite and went over all growly, possessive and dangerous.
"But if it isn't,"  Tony winked as he turned his chair toward the door and tipped the man a sarcastic salute, "it's damn sure a better alias than Steve Goddamn Rogers!"
“Is that
Tony wasn’t sure he wanted to do that math, really, and there was something about Steve -- some watery relief to his giggles, some lingering edge of pain beneath the tears in his eyes -- that suggested that he wouldn’t much want to show his work on that equation either.
"Sure, Tony," he said, making careful, but short work of the clothing so that Tony could step delicately out of the sprawling framework of metal, leather, and canvas.  His weight stayed solidly braced on Steve's shoulders though -- a heady kind of trust, and in its way, strangely more intimate than the feeling of Tony's cock pressing down his tongue had been.
“If you spill it, we start over.”  A warning more pointed this time. The pencil’s scratching stilled, and God, but Rogers was hot when he glared like that!
“You don’t know the field,” Fury said.  “It’s a different war, a different game from the one you played in Europe.”
He turned to take his leave, but a gentle hand on Jarvis’ elbow stopped him.  When he turned back, James’ face had gone sober, a hint of worry in his eyes.  “Will you,” he began, then licked his lips and tried again.  “I miss him.  Tony was a real little shit in college, but he was still my best friend, and I miss him.  We were hothead, idiot kids with big mouths and chips on our shoulders back then, and it kills me that I let so many years go by without trying to track him down and make it right. And then one day there you are, kicking that door back open again, bringing Tony back into my world because if I don’t help you get into a war zone, that little shit stirring brat’s gonna get killed.”
(See the end of the chapter for
When the walker nudged up against the bed, Steve halted, dropped to his knees and thumbed open the button of Tony's flies.  The walker offered just enough room between the bracing around Tony's ribs and the hinged struts over the hips for Steve to yank Tony's pants and underwear down around his thighs.  Not far, but just enough to let Tony's hard cock spring free and slap up against his bare stomach, and this... oh yes, this, Steve could do.
“I let her corner me,”  Rogers shrugged back, a satisfied smile tickling the corner of his mouth as he balanced the back of her barstool in one big hand.  “But if she’s that slippery, maybe we’d better secure her someplace more-”
Rogers flipped the folder open then, spun it in place, and shoved it to Fury’s side of the desk.  “No he didn’t.  If he’d thought his son was dead, the will wouldn’t have given three years to show up and claim the whole kit and kabootle, pending a psychiatry exam and a DNA test.”  He leaned his elbows on the cluttered blotter, and pinned them all, one by one, with a piercing blue stare.  “Howard thought his son was
“Bring that here,”  Tony demanded, meaning both the cock, and the condom that Steve was unwrapping, and with no more hesitation than a quizzical glance, Steve obeyed. Then it was his turn to gasp, swear, and hang on tightly as Tony proved to himself that he did remember the trick of putting on a condom hands-free.  Most of the way, anyhow.  He was definitely not at the right angle to try getting his lips all the way down on Steve’s gracious plenty.  Still, the tremble in Steve’s thighs as Tony finished the job with his fingers was reward enough for his effort.
Steve ground to a halt, not quite able to believe what he was seeing.  "You should start with suing whoever sold you that painting," he said, pointing past what looked like a very tall swing-arm lamp with a sort of claw where the light should be.  "It's terrible."
Steve let his smile grow wider, shifting his weight to idly rest one hand on his hip, the other gripping his shoe by the toe.   “You’re awfully worried about a little trespassing, ma’am.”
“Oh geez, Tony no!”  Steve cut in again, flustered and rushing over the words.  “I just... You said you wanted a phone number, back when... and I didn’t have it that night, so I just-“
“Is it,” Tony murmured, keeping his voice absolutely level, and completely respectable, “cool enough yet?”
So he fetched out one of his better naughty grins and said, "If you've ever used the White Eagle's bathroom, you've stepped in worse there, too. But come on," he edged his chair a bit to the side and beckoned Steve to step up beside him.  "I'd rather have you loom over me from the side than be responsible for ruining those shoes of yours."
And Hill answered, “Sir.” in a way that somehow translated into ‘I could go on, but I figure I’ve dug myself deep enough for now.’
Okay, so I didn't expect this pairing/tripling until boom: suddenly there it was, and now I won't lie, I love it more than just a little bit.
Clint shrugged.  It wasn’t a very likely scenario, given the curvature of the drive and distance from the gate, but smart money would have a metric fucktonne more cars converging on the Stark mansion from every point of the city soon, and they were going to need every inch of driveway space they could get before all was said and sifted.  So, “Sure.  You wanna bring it around?”
Nick gritted his teeth until the urge to shout had faded just a little.  "Well, did Barnes bother to tell
Tony grinned.  “But in the bedroom, I get to call you sweetheart, honey, and dollface, right?”
“I said move,” the girl demanded, not quite so far behind him now.
Steve stared back at him, sober and unmovable, his hand still gently curled, palm up on the table where Tony had abandoned it.  Then he gave a single nod, and clearly settled down to wait.  And shit.  Now Tony really did have to figure out what to say.  He stared at Steve's hand, thoughts churning, until those fingers flexed wide again -- an invitation, and one he was surprised to find himself taking.  His own hand was trembling like a bird as he let Steve's broad fingers curl around it.
“That the tracking report on Rogers?”  Fury cut in, eyeing the tablet, which showed a rough map grid, a red dot, and a set of coordinates.  She nodded, and he stepped back abruptly, the door’s wide swing equal parts invitation and command, and all over drama.  Still, she followed him in and shut the door -- it wasn’t like anyone at White Star HQ was in the dark about the Missing Rogers Problem, but there was a good chance there would be yelling involved in this particular report, and nobody liked an audience for a telling off.
One thumb press brought up Tasha’s phone, ringing to voicemail at once, like it always did.  “He’s here,”  Clint reported as soon as the beep stopped,  “He’s alone, and uninjured far as I can tell, and ... well hell, that’s the same suit he wore outta here last Friday,” he added as he came around the hedges and caught sight of Rogers unfolding himself from that ridiculous toy car and trying to smooth his clothes down before he reached into the back seat and drew out... a kicking, swearing rucksack.
"Yes.  Erm.  Sorry,"  Steve checked the number on his arm one more time.  "Is this 867 5083?"
Except for the problem of his missing left shoe.
Thanks again to all of you who are commenting -- Your words give me life!
And Tony had to cackle at that.  Hydra, indeed! "Yeah, that would be the worst possible way to blow your cover, wouldn't it, Captain?"  Then he reached for Steve's hand again, and pulled a sharpie out of his bag with a grin.  "Okay then, since you obviously need some tech support in this modern era, here's my number.  You give me a call sometime, and I'll show you how to fix that phone so the bad old Nazis can't use it to find you."
And then it was done.  Steve slid his mouth away from Tony’s with a gutted sigh, and collapsed across him, catching his weight on his elbows until Tony dragged him the rest of the way down, and tucked the golden head low under his chin.  “Good,” he huffed, stroking Steve’s sweat-damp, heaving shoulders as his heart began to slow inside him again,  “That’s good.  That’s Perfect.”
“Hawkeye,”  Natasha said as she came into the room, but her eyes were all for the Captain.
"Aw, don't be like that, saucepot,"  Tony said, dumping the keys into his pocket and wheeling himself over to the stairs; a rising bulwark of concrete and steel under linoleum, flanked along the inside by incongruously ornate wrought iron and walnut balustrades.  "I still haven't shown you my chair's second-best trick."
"I'm not hiding, exactly,"  Steve answered after a moment, voice softly thoughtful.  "More like avoiding."
Tony hummed, reached across to turn Steve's left hand to the light, and examine his ring finger for a tan line.  "So you're on the run then, I take it?"  he asked, and there was probably too much truth in the way the muscles tensed under Steve's skin for just a second before he gently took his hand back.
“God, look at how perfect you are,” Tony’s breath ruffled the fine hairs at Steve’s ear, his lips close enough to brush along the curl of flesh there, and send shivering fire coursing down Steve’s skin.  “Will you let me see you, Steve?  Will you take those clothes off and let me see all of you?”
“He’d been dead inside for years when that happened,” he said with a sad shake of his head.  “Look, just give me this for now, Pepper, okay?”  A sweep of his hand took in the tiny, rumpled office, crammed with books and tools and crazy ideas Tony would never stop turning out.  “Give me my crappy little steampunk bohemian ideal for a year or two.  I might go back to the Corporate Jungle one day, sure, but for right now I think I’ve earned a break.”  And here, he flashed her a wry, sad smile that broke Pepper’s building rage and her heart into tiny splinters.  “Just give me some time to get my feet under me first, okay?”
' Steve mentally filled in what the chummy voice wasn't quite saying, and grimaced at his coffee cup.
Natalia said, leaning close again after a long minute.  James didn’t answer.  It was true, he suspected, but then again the same was probably true of all of them, together or apart.  Who but fools would take on a secret war against enemies who had proven they’d stop at nothing, flinch from no crime, scruple no cost in their agenda?  All soldiers were fools, at the core of things, but they were fools on which the world relied sometimes.
"Well I didn't give you my home address, either!"
Phil hastily turned the radio off.  “Didn’t find the clothes?” he asked as Barnes slid into the seat and buckled up.
“Still unaccounted for, we’re okay.” James’ voice was all comfort, and Jarvis did not scruple to take it.  “Army CID tested the vehicle for blood spatter once they brought it back to Kabul, which as you know, they found plenty.”
Natalia’s look was skeptical, but then she was a Widow; words were her snares, her traps, and her weapons.  Declarations weren’t anything but air.  Clint though, gave a decisive nod, as though that fully settled everything.   Then he thrust both his arms out of the blanket cocoon and made grabby motions at both of them.  “Now come on.  I want to get at least a few more hours of shut eye before Fury sends us over to comb through Stark Industries’ dirty laundry.”
“Yeaaaahhh,”Clint answered dubiously.
“What’s wrong, you don’t like Thai food?  Who doesn't like Thai food?”
," he giggled, giving Steve a shove through into the darkened front hall.  "I'd apologize for yanking your chain, but that was just too adorable for words!"
They'd been
“It wasn’t,”  Barnes said after a long silence.  “He didn’t come here because of that.”  The word ‘that’ came along with a telling nod toward the two women chatting with the doorman.  Barnes picked up the full shotglass in his gloved left hand, held it up and peered through it like a kind of lens.  “Place like this, the bouncer at the door looks at you.  Talks to you.  Flirts.”  He tossed back the drink and poured another.  “Remembers you.  Not even I could could follow him in here without him knowing about it.”
“Bright...Pink!”  he managed before the laughter overcame them both again.
Which, when you put it like that, Daisy could kind of see what had Hill so pissed off, but still.  If the guy wasn’t comfortable with the fancy clothes, why had they got them for him in the first place?
He blinked, and her smile grew wider.  “What’s wrong,” she teased, “Do you think I’ll miss at this range?”
"Well," Tony temporized, waving at Karl to draw attention to the fact that his drink was now empty, and Mr. Thursday didn't even have one, "For one thing, the fact that he died in the 40's could lead to some conjecture as to what a wholesome boy from Brooklyn might think about a bunch of men drinking, carousing, and making time in a public house in the middle of Greenwich Village."
, was what those words sounded like to Steve though,
Fury just smiled though, unlaced his fingers, and tipped his head back to nod.  “Well, that may be true, but I invite you to think real hard about the fact that the Grunt in question managed to ditch the very best protection detail we employ -- which is made up of our best spies -- and he did it while he was scrapping every one of the trackers he wasn’t supposed to know were in his suit, and ditching those pricey shoes you’re so worried about.”
"Tony.  I'm... That is, I don't-"
Phil chose the stool in the middle, and sat down, wallet beside his hand on the scarred wooden bartop.
Tony didn’t bother to stifle his chuckle at that.  “Well I hate to say so, darling, but you failed pretty badly on that account.  I was just as into you as all the rest, and look” he snaked a finger in to give the waistband of the boxers a snap, “you’re the one who got into
Natasha turned her frozen bag to the colder side until the door shut again.  Then she fixed Nick with an unrepentant stare and said, "Yasha told you Steve would not like the protection detail."
