Getting in wasn’t the hard part. Younger than everyone, Tony is small and growing thinner now that Jarvis can’t sneak pies onto his plate.
He had come to California to escape New York, only to be greeted by a massive portrait of Howard in the lobby and a Regional Director determined to kiss Howard's ass.
"Mister Tony," Billy frowns disapprovingly, "stealing is bad."
, the bold red letters of the magazine proclaim. Beneath them, the face of Doctor Stark with that curious goatee. A Van Dyke, apparently.
Steve wishes he had a coat to wrap around himself. Singapore's humid weather means he's wearing a light jacket, but he longs for the sense of safety that comes with warm coats in a cold winter.
"It might not be their fault at all. We were lucky to be able to get food out there, sending letters was a luxury," Steve shrugs. He would have liked receiving any word from Tony, and the bitter taste of late nights wondering what he'd done to ruin their friendship wouldn't go away anytime soon. But he likes far more that he's here again, back home against all odds, with a chance at fixing everything they'd twisted wrong.
, Steve had blushed an even deeper crimson,
But it had felt selfish, and when Bucky expressed the need to fight again to reclaim part of what he'd lost, Steve had thrown himself back into work.
"Thank you, Captain."
“I don’t disapprove,” Steve gives up trying to pack as long as Tony is in the room. He sits beside Tony at the edge of the bed, at the edge of a cliff Steve doesn't know if he can afford to fall from. “I just – you go too fast.”
Stark Industries' production being ramped up, the company launching more breakthroughs than ever, the vest that had saved Bucky's life and the bombs that had nearly taken it, Natasha's teasing about the jet - the pieces fall into place, a horrible, dawning realisation.
“And yet you’re becoming a doctor, not a policewoman like her,” Tony points out.
“I'll wait for Thor to finish with the wires,” an equally ruffled voice replies, and Tony barely resists groaning when he hears its familiar stubbornness.
The last time Tony had been this close to him, they'd been teenagers, children who didn't know how much they had to lose.
And did Rhodes turn down Tony’s hand in marriage five hundred and sixty one times? Who would
He's seen no hint of Tony since he got here ten minutes ago, the fire shows no hint of abating. Whatever chemicals Hammer had spilled to cause such a hot fire, it's persistent and dangerous.
“Bruce didn't have time to stitch it up,” Steve eventually explains, “and Officer Gamora needs more help than me.”
To his right was –
He drops one last kiss on Tony’s cheek.
When the sun rose, however, he would find himself preparing too-sweet coffee and searching for the nearest donut shop and it wouldn't have been fair to anyone.
His hands curl into fists in his pockets, because as much as he’d like to reach out and touch Steve, he’s all too aware of passing parkgoers whispering about them. He doesn’t want to ruin their anniversary night with paparazzi pictures.
He gives a weak smile, tamping down another yawn. “Thanks, J.”
"We're only doing our due diligence with this many weapons. My only interest is in keeping good men safe."
Nope, still insane.
He thinks back to the magazine stand from earlier, the new weapons printed beside Tony's face, and all the truths he knows about Tony. He doesn't know who he'll find at the end of this - because he will find Tony. He
The conversation's hard enough without old family wounds flaying them both open. "Peggy didn't know that I knew you. Thought you didn't want Howard to know about us and you weren't that much of a celebrity yet when I still received your letters."
Bullshit.
"That doesn't mean you can't die!" Tony yells again, and it feels good in a twisted way, letting his pent up frustrations be heard, because
Steve is quick to nod. “You saved them. They wouldn't have survived the evacuation. Thor stopped the fire before the heat seeped into the NICU's fire compartment.”
His north star. His home.
Humming quietly, he carries him to their bedroom, sidestepping the socks on the floor. Lowering Tony on bed is always a careful act. He hadn’t bothered to tidy their bed when he had woken up from his restless sleep earlier, so he slowly lowers Tony on top of the rumpled sheets.
“Fine," he relents with a huff. "As long as you promise not to murder a national icon, Fuzzybear.”
At the center of the green space is –
"I thought you wanted to stop its weapons production."
Steve paces the length of the station's breakroom, frustrated with being benched.
, the small post-it from Steve had read,
To be more precise: there is a fluffy doll. In the shape of an eagle. That happens to be twelve feet tall.
mention you. Told me you’re pleasant if I don’t catch you near the end of your shift,” Steve feels brave enough to say, which for some reason makes Stark squirm.
Huh. Carefully, Steve takes a glance at Tony’s profile, scanning up from the leather shoes to the thick burgundy red coat that frames him perfectly. A man comfortable in his own skin.
“And we’re miles away from there.”
It would be too easy to let his tools clatter on the floor, lean into the familiar comfort of those strong arms, and breathe in the same scent of
Steve frowns at the camera, suspicion making him sick. "Did he - " his throat is dry. "Did Tony never erase them?"
Tony lifts his hand from the patient’s thigh, satisfied. “Any other diagnosis, Doctor Wilson?”
“I don’t need rest,” Tony mutters, sitting up straighter. His lower back pulses with new pain, and this time, he can’t quite hide the wince.
Steve chokes, which causes Liberty to jump on his chest. “Ugh, down girl.” Liberty keeps her new spot on his chest, dripping dog slobber over his shirt. Shame. The white shirt was one Steve liked. “Nat,” Steve says into his phone, “I don’t think I have time to handle pups if you’re talking about what I’m thinking.”
To put it kindly, Steve was relieved that Tony wouldn’t have to spend so many hours cooped up alone in the labs when Colonel Rhodes was there with him.
At the other head of the conference table, Peggy clicks her pen. "Don't bully my agent, Howard. This is a serious matter."
Besides, with all his shifts at the hospital done for the month, he can allow himself this evening of indulging in a fantasy fueled by the pleasant buzz of alcohol.
Back then, at sixteen years old and his traitorous AI child only a fickle of his imagination, Tony had hacked into the Pentagon, scouring for details on the supersoldier program Howard had been obsessively working on and Steve had been enlisted in.
When that upward tip turns into a positively smug smile, Steve realises with sudden alarm that there's more to this than Stane.
“We can make other things. More profitable, Obie. I promise.”
Steve blinks. “Do you always move this fast?”
The bright light in Tony's chest.
Thermodynamics.
Now, the man was taller than Tony, with a very objectively beautiful body, and a pile of letters that read like a teenage girl's diary.
Sitting at the back end of the red firetruck, clutching his hand close to his chest, is Captain Steve Rogers. There's a scratch on his forehead, crusted with dried blood. His helmet is on the ground next to his boots, a small crack running through it.
It was a petty jab at the web of lies Steve had built around them, the betrayal and shattered trust, but it was one that Tony knew would work in driving his point further home, tipping the scales in his favour.
“You,” the truth tumbles out of him.
Hindsight was a wonderful thing to have, and as a futurist, hindsight is as useful as it is useless.
Tony props himself up drowsily to sit next to Steve, rubbing his eyes with the back of his hand. Harsh. Trembling. "Did I wake you?"
But he had never worried about either of that with Steve, and look where it'd gotten him. Here, contemplating years' worth of returned letters.
"Technically," Tony says through gritted teeth, finally lying down on the stretcher, a bead of sweat running down his hairline, "I found you."
There had been no chatter on the underground radios, no hint that something would go astray.
When it comes to himself or Steve, Tony will always,
He should have known that Steve would rise up to that challenge. It wouldn’t end well in any universe. He can imagine Steve standing firm against Howard, achieving nothing except making him angrier at Tony, and likely ruining Steve’s life for the audacity.
Can keep loving Steve without making things awkward.
. He hadn’t come to bed last night. He had hoped to clear his head, get some space away from his argument with Steve to cool off before talking things out, but if he had let Steve sleep alone last night – that might only make things worse.
He glances at the sketch he had made of the Avengers Tower, way back in that cafe when it was still being built as Stark Tower and he didn't know yet how it represented everything beautiful in New York.
In the tired heaviness of the question, it suddenly clicks in Steve. '
Natasha must pick up on his short temper because her tone turns more sober. “One of those white shirts that’s definitely two sizes too small. Simple, neat, flattering, but not too suggestive.”
weren’t two words that Tony ever expected to go together. Steve was righteous, yes, but holding a weapon was different from punching a bully.
- ten years!” Tony cuts himself off. “Did we really waste ten years on lost letters?”
“I hate that you’re right.”
, is Tony’s first thought,
"We were young and stupid."
Instead, they head for the bar counter, Carol helping Stark up onto one of the tall bar chairs, and Natasha serves Stark one steaming mug of what must be coffee.
Better that they never realise the full extent of JARVIS, so he makes a limited AI to install in all the company's tech, monitoring all data inputs and the flow of the production line.
“You had the largest chance of survival,” Tony says, because they both know that this isn’t an argument that either of them will win.
"Whatever you're planning, you should be careful. Nothing we find looks good - missing names, addresses that've disappeared. Mr. Stane doesn't seem very pleased."
Sheepishly, Steve shrugs. "Supersoldier. Superhearing."
Going back to bed with Tony was an option, but Steve doesn't think he'll be able to sleep, or to even touch Tony when a secret this big was wedged between them.
“No. I barely did anything except being a glorified biscuit dispenser,” Stark says. “Tell Miss Potts your visit is on the house.”
Steve snorts, disbelieving. "I've had to wipe your drool off my pillow. There's no need to be polite."
Tony glares at him. "You gonna call security on me?" he parrots the question back at Bucky.
“Except you have the same friends, and are in the same bar.”
Tony swirls his tea, adding two more sugars to it. If he can't have coffee, some sweetness will have to do.
"Is that why you're investigating Howard - or the company, at least - for fraud?" Tony asks, sharp and all too-knowing.
“Tony – ”
“That’s her only issue? No lethargy, no vomiting?”
this much - "
For a brief, hysterical second, Tony sees the numbers flash behind his eyes.
“Perhaps you will find some clarity after your rest, Sir,” JARVIS pointedly says. “Captain Rogers has just returned from his morning run, you may find him on the common floor couch. All other Avengers are still sleeping.”
“If you’re happy, I don’t want to hear about it," Steve lets out a ragged breath, fists clenched at his sides, back straight. A soldier facing adversity. "And if you’re getting married, I don’t want to see it. I can't, I can't say goodbye to you again – but. But if you need somebody and there’s no one else to turn to," Steve turns to their bedside drawer, where a sketch of them by Steve was framed, "if you need a friend, if you come through a rainy patch and you need a shield, you can always find me.”
All the partying he needs, he gets right here in between Natasha's badgering and Kamala's bright hope reminding Tony why he does what he does, why the city is worth staying in despite the hundreds more residency programs elsewhere willing to pay him triple.
“Don't you dare – ”
Scoffing, Tony wrenches his hand out of Steve's grasp. "
Carol's winning smile should have been a warning for Tony, but –
He’s rewarded with a bark of laughter, accompanied by a grin. “You’re not unsuspecting, and you’re not a patient either, Captain.” The grin fades into something smaller. “But Kamala's family is fine?” Stark asks.
was too close of a call.
And that
Nodding to himself, Steve has one last thing to say.
Tony fiddles with the red shirt left on the bed. "I don't have the best record for self-preservation."
“Yes to the proposal? Or yes to you being insufferable?”
Tony huffs, freeing himself from Pepper's final touches. "I've been kidnapped before. I'll survive it."
Steve rolls his eyes, but his smile stays on, long after they take the car back to the mansion, and even after he finds his rest in Tony's perfectly large bed.
But if Tony knew Steve, it was also true that Steve knew Tony, and he glared at him. “You hacked the mainframe, didn’t you?”
Rolling up the sleeves of her leather jacket, Carol gives Tony a smirk that he's come to associate with unfavorable things for himself. “More a matter of principle,” she says, “but my morals say I can’t let you mope around town alone for much longer.”
“No. Whenever I take a date – a friend home,” Steve feels his cheeks warm, and he hides it by going to scratch the back of Liberty’s ears. “She barks at them. Really aggressively. I don’t know if it’s my PTSD getting to her or not.”
Tony bristles at that, but for now, he holds his tongue. This prosthetics project was more important than his pride. He stands a chance at fixing some of the wrongs he's done to the world, and he knows his fight is better fought in a different way.
"The shield can't protect you from
None of it matters, anyway.
Tony scoffs, but there’s a brightness to his eyes that settles Steve’s worry. “I am in no way little,” Tony firmly says.
Except Steve has known him since before he knew how to lie properly, since all his tells were for the world to see. Through the small patches of sun falling over his face, he watches with dread as Steve's frown softens back to his earlier smile.
“You did that first. You gave me a home.”
. No harm in making a new friend.
Steve pockets his handkerchief. "You know what would cheer you up?"
"And I did my duty," Peggy turns away from the kettle to meet him with her steely gaze. "I kept my promise to your father, and I made sure their final will was held."
to hug at night,” Steve corrects, taking another step closer to Tony. His pride isn't worth Tony being upset.
“Is there medicine for that?”
He knows that as a founder of SHIELD, Howard Stark is technically his boss. But he's also fairly certain that should Agent Carter get wind of what was happening to her godson, she would be on Steve's side.
JARVIS counted, and Edwin Jarvis frowned at him, which meant Rhodey did too, and Pep followed not long after.
. "If you wanted to piss Howard off for me, there's about a million one other things I can suggest you do."
"What's wrong?" Steve asks.
And the incentive of getting a hug at the end of it is more than enough. He misses Steve.
. Jane is one lucky girl.”
The pudding cup in his hand is cold.
Steve’s loss.
"I know I'm crazy," Tony forces the door open, "but I'm pretty sure you're going to get us arrested."
"Not even you can know that."
"You're the best."
As if reminded, the bruise on Steve’s rib throbs again. “I didn’t do anything,” he scowls. “She punched me.”
hoard the spare parts he could squirrel away from Howard’s lab. One day he would have enough to build himself a small robot to help Jarvis make the morning juice.
you're trying, Raza - "
This time, Steve can't hide the bark of laughter that escapes him, and the heat rising to his cheeks when Tony smirks. "Exactly like a guardian angel," Tony whispers conspiratorially at the children. "A very strong, very handsome, guardian angel."
“I have some other ideas,” Tony begins slowly.
, give me more credit than that. You visit orphanages just to stop the babies from crying.  Nobody who knows you would say you're capable of doing that much harm willingly. The only person you're likely to hurt is yourself."
Tony doesn't know what changed that he finds himself trusting Steve. Maybe it's the winter snows that have finally come, blanketing the landscape in white. Everything seems stopped in time, a stillness hanging in the background as everyone rushes to study for their exams. Steve goes studiously through his books despite never missing a question when Tony quizzes him, and it's one of those nights, surrounded by textbooks about the long history of art, that Tony finds his courage.
don't get to meet him?" Bucky teases. "All these years hearing about him, I might break down his door for you."
A month? He’s missed their anniversary, and the ring —
Steve files that away for later. The most important things first. He knows Rhodey has been using JARVIS' satellite help to scan the deserts, but Steve can't only sit here not doing something concrete to actually find Tony. "JARVIS, can you do a scan of smoke in the area around Tony's last location? Especially at night time, any particles associated with smoke."
Steve nods, stepping closer. "I know. But you're going to the campus of your dreams, Tony. One day, I'll get to say
"I told him he didn't need my permission to be happy," Sarah says, hand rubbing small circles against his back. "And I don't think I ever thanked you for putting a smile back on my boy."
lives?”
"Here to address a complaint."
Swallowing, Tony moves his gaze away from those bulging biceps to the wound: it must've been something pretty sharp to cut through the thick layer of cloth from the discarded uniform.
"Re - really?"
Twenty nine days, twelve hours, and forty seven minutes.
“The 107th,” Steve tells him as he fills out his contact number and signs his name on the form with a flourish.
“Hey,” he lamely says. Fucking hell, he’s Tony Stark. He can do better. “Hi.” Scratch that. He’s tired of being Tony Stark, and he’s starting to think in circles again, which he’s pretty sure his therapist recommended he try to avoid. Shaking his head, he walks around the couch, hovering until Steve glances up from his book.
Tony doesn't ask Aunt Peggy '
But their anniversary is in a week. He’d wanted to propose on a special day.
“Tony
"If not now, then when?" Her heels click against the Mansion's marble floor. Logically, Tony knows she's a year younger than him. Even more logically, he fears what she can do with those sharp heels.
he say that? How dare -
Steve wonders how much he should say. "I lost a friend to a fire," he settles on telling Stark the bare truth. "Didn't feel like going to the bar for some time."
Beside him, Tony has already taken advantage of Liberty’s newfound trust, handfeeding her some more dog treats.
He’s trying to play the piano, but the notes slip and slide away from him until Steve puts down his paintbrush to sit next to him on the piano bench.
They trudge obediently along into an adjacent room, where bright letters and framed artwork adorn the walls. Upon closer inspection, the artwork displays crayon drawings with a mismatched vibrance that screams of innocence and dreams.
bad if you’re here.”
the right moment.
Stark makes a thoughtful noise, shoving his hands into his coat pockets.
Tony wants to promise, but the explosion rocks the building and sends them into a world of bright oranges and grey dust and - the ceiling starts to crumble, there's a sharp pain in Tony's leg -
Steve grins in reply. Tony shakes his head. "You should go back to your rooms, Steve."
Pouting, Tony pokes back at Steve's stomach. "My leg doesn't even hurt anymore." The doctors will fix it in five hours tops, and he can get back to his priorities: trying to kiss that smirk off Steve's face without turning everything into an enormous disaster. With the investigation going on, Steve tasked to protect him, and their friendship hanging in the balance, things were bound to get messy.
Dating Tony was like dating a hurricane.
"Take care of Tony."
"I hate you for worrying me," Tony huffs.
Large hearts are a medical condition that Tony has built tech to solve, but he thinks, this time around, a large heart might just be his undoing.
The laugh that Stark lets out is bitter, disbelieving. “Have you seriously never looked me up?”
the only way he can scout out whether Steve is worth the hassle of sneaking around.
Fifty one times.
“Saving people’s lives is fun,” Steve grumbles.
', but I appreciate the sentiment.”
Well. Bucky was family to Steve, and while Tony's heard of the friendzone, he didn't know a
An almost perfect crime.
Steve feels his hackles rising, confusion crashing against indignant anger. What was Tony accusing him of?
Steve can't inflict that hurt on anyone. He still grieves for his Ma, for Bucky.
“I always notice you.
To be more precise: there is a robot. In the shape of a spider. That happens to be ten feet tall.
Tony pokes at Steve's arms, pulling at them until his fingers close around Steve's wrist, smile smug. “You want to join my harem.”
“Idealism gets you nowhere, son.”
"Steve
"Then let me ask you this, Tony: why haven’t you shown your Steve to the world? Are you afraid of something? Are you afraid he won’t stay when he knows the truth about your life? About
"I'll come to bed in fifteen minutes," he mumbles into Steve's shirt.
The two words -
Tony doesn't dare look back.
“Do you really think I couldn’t file an injunction against you, Tony?” Obie paces the large length of the basement, pausing to rap his knuckles against the wooden crates housing Tony's unpacked workshop equipment.
“Rhodey was right. I didn’t want to believe him because you couldn’t possibly – but you are.”
"I'll leave the chute for you!"
The words blur before him.
“Doesn’t the scholarship give you pocket money?”
“Not too much.”
“I’ll limit it to maiming.”
Steve adds the number to his contacts before he replies, fingers hovering over the small keyboard of his phone as he struggles to come up with an appropriately neutral but not too severely neutral reply.
He had even resorted to flipping through the magazines Bruce leaves around. That hadn't helped much either: he only found himself staring into yet another article about Doctor Stark's revolutionary genius.
“With all due respect,” Steve shakes with the effort of controlling himself, “your son doesn’t need the serum to be great. And if you’ll excuse me, I’d very much like to find my friend.”
changed? Says the man who literally took a serum to make himself
, Steve has to remind himself.
secluded retirement at a very pleasant cottage, Tony is left to expanding JARVIS' capabilities, testing out new hologram design technologies, and scrapping all the voicemails Pepper leaves him. He's overhauled the car company that built his parent's last car, made a mini AI to add extra controls to their braking systems and ramped up their fuel efficiency.
, it reads out, the hyphenated name squeezed into the round, silver surface. Beneath it, a set of unfamiliar words:
Children. Not ready yet for what life would throw at them.
' question either, because he knows she takes her secrets to the grave.
"I'm glad," Steve nods. He himself might not be the best for Tony, but as long as there's someone looking out for his old friend, it's a relief to know that Tony hasn't been going through all these years alone. And yet, Steve isn't blind to the optics of it. Only something big would nudge Tony enough to seek Steve out himself after the fiasco that had been the brunch with Howard. "I'm guessing you're not here just for a social call, though."
Captain America."
“Is this a ploy to get out of calling me Doctor Stark?”
He thought he had found a home here.
This time, Tony laughs a little louder. It makes his healing stomach twinge, but love was always worth a little ache.
“I just got back from my morning run.”
Peggy's standoff with Stane lasts a while longer before Peggy gives Steve the subtle gesture to allow Stane's departure.
If Tony were to be entirely honest, he enjoyed goading Steve into a fight because it felt nice to know that there was still someone who
Steve chuckles. “I don’t mope.”
"- send your agents away."
job to worry about you. Not the other way 'round."
"Whoever said Stark would be the most difficult to handle certainly hasn't met you."
Steve dips down to kiss away the frown. “Yes, I'll marry you.”
"I heal faster than people. I'm Captain America."
Tony, the thought of someone twisting the brilliance of Tony's mind into this -
Through the chopper's open door, Steve watches with a tight chest as Tony collapses into the stretcher laid out for him, and
Sitting up hurts marginally more than the possibility of Steve doing this out of
His fists ache for the calming momentum of the gym's punching bag, the quietness that usually comes with exercise. But when he thinks of exercise, he hears the memory of Stark quipping about his oversized muscles.
“You're too good to me,” Tony mumbles into Steve's shirt. Then, “I'm sorry too. Note to self: don't fight with Steve.”
"Tony is family."
"Please tell me nobody kissed me," he mutters, squinting at the few bits of sunlight trickling over the piles of bricks and crushed steel.
Steve and Tony try to make sense of the spider's web they've found themselves in, and a car crash happens.
He wishes he could hold her, wishes that her parents could hold her. But her recovery from her surgery three days ago means he can't jostle her too much. For all that he grumbles that babies can be loud, their shrieks headache-inducing, there's so much hope in those small eyes.
Those days, Tony will fly the armor, higher and higher until it strains its limits, no matter that the more he flies, the faster the poison crawls through his blood.
He wants more. But if it’s not in the cards anymore, he can at least do his most to be brave one last time.
“Yes, you’re alive,” Rhodey confirms from somewhere to his left. ”Told you we’d find a way.”
Tony stands his ground. “We can win the war without weapons.”
He flips over to the next letter from the pile surrounding him. His looping cursive mingles with the blocky letters that even boarding school hadn't been able to train out of Tony.
, Steve feels the words stick to his throat. They go unsaid.
Steve stares him down for another second before he heads to the door, not bothering to deny what they both know to be true.
Fixing his grip around her hand, he keeps his smile firmly up. "You're pressing on the trigger now. Letting go of where you're pressing on that blue wire there is going to set it off. But there's a three-second window because the wires are... long."
“Tony!” Steve reaches out to grab onto Liberty’s collar. “Libby,
, because Tony isn't supposed to feel the curl of hope in his stomach.
” Steve raises a brow.
“Alright.” His pacemaker ticks on. He understands the horrid disorientation from too many days on drugs. “I need to sew this up. Think you can handle that?”
Steve really should have expected it when his phone chimes with a new message.
He knows how much Pepper disapproves of Ty and Sunset - which was fair. After all, she
But Steve is fifteen and Tony is thirteen.
honor of being the voice of a tech revolution."
Still, Tony gives him a thumbs up, and when Obie walks out of the room, Tony winks at the nearest camera.
“He also carried you out of the hospital,” Natasha adds, pausing by the door to smirk. “An authentic fireman's carry.”
It doesn’t take long for Tony to realise that Steve is as stubborn as him, and perhaps as smart too, in different ways. Tony starts making excuses to slip into the library, starts bringing his blueprints along when he sneaks into Steve’s room.
," her grip on him loosens. "I didn't suspect, but I had to - I have to be sure."
And since their conversation last night, Steve wonders if any of them really knew the Tony to Tony Stark. He spots Tony barely eating, his hands busy with something. Sunset was prodding him about something, her smile turning sharp when Tony barely minded her.
"A friendly?" Steve shouts back, all too aware of everyone staring at him, waiting tensely.
But Howard wasn't currently Steve's priority. It was Tony who mattered, Tony whose letters had stopped coming years ago, abruptly cutting any hope of reaching him.
On the other screen, Peggy points at Bucky beside him. "You're dropping Barnes off at the Gulmira airbase. Then you're coming to New York, Captain."
“Hello? Cap? Muscle Man?”
"It's not guilt," Steve argues. At least, not all of it.
It isn't an offer. Steve nods his agreement.
Steve straps on his helmet.
And when Tony's foot keeps creeping up Steve's legs, dangerously close to his thighs, Steve stands up, clearing his throat.
"You know, Jan from Accounting is still free if you need company," Nat grins. She flicks a switch. Ten minutes to location.
Tony blankly stares back, clearly trying to remember something. Then –
All that's important about Tony is in his head already - the rest of the scandals, rumors and indiscretions are not for Steve to think about.
, Tony tries to repeat to himself, hollow and false. On the other end of the line, Steve is talking again, asking questions about what new flowers Tony planted in the garden.
of this place?”
Fury's team was helping Thor handle the fire much faster, and any second now, it'd be safe enough for Steve to go in. Strapping his helmet back on, Steve nods to Carol.
“I don't think I like you working with her.”
The man takes the bundle, frowning at the address beneath the
Park Avenue turns out to have the perfect ice cream and the innocuous SHIELD offices where Level Five Agent Nick Fury corners Steve with the flashdrive Tony had gotten from Pepper all those months ago.
"Risk can be minimalised," Tony drums his fingers on the side of the mug, jittery and half-afraid. He knows about choice and the futility of it. "Danger can be controlled for. Nobody chooses to
Deciding to take pity on the state of Steve's ruined shirt from earlier, he starts the engine again, parking the car off the road for Steve to take his stuff out the back.
“Fire captain – ”
you’re alright?” Steve asks with a frown of his own. “Iron Man?”
"Next time, you ride with me," he hears Rhodey say even from this distance, and that's - that's Tony in his arms. Unmistakably Tony.
"What?"
“To ridiculous firemen,” Tony retorts.
"A knifemaker isn't responsible for what the knife cuts."
“Call me Tony, Steve.”
"Evacuate the building," Steve's orders are clipped. "Get a bomb squad here, an ambulance, a firetruck, and forensic."
The newspaper stand has another magazine with Tony's face splashed across it.
Tony’s beard tickles as he burrows his head further into Steve’s stomach. “Are you doubting me, Steven?”
"I don't doubt that. You're as bull-headed as they come."
He doesn't want to have to admit it outright. It feels childish and petty, now that he considers simply telling Tony the whole of it, but it also feels too close to the real truth simmering just beneath the surface.
The pain grounds him. Focuses him.
No matter what new heights he achieved, no matter what breakthroughs he'd accomplished, he would come back to an empty dorm room and 'friends' who only wanted him for his name. And when Peggy had tried to intervene, he had rebuffed her, spiralling further away.
Steve laughs, and with his hand trapped in Tony’s pocket, their shoulders bump. “It was worth a try.”
on his way?”
"Yeah, well," Tony flippantly replies from behind Steve, expertly massaging the salve across his shoulderblades. "I don't like it when you're hurt."
“He’s also in the fire department, so it’s natural that we have a rivalry,” Carol takes a particularly loud slurp of her juice. “
. Everything laid out at the tips of the fingers, the vision tantalisingly close, waiting only for the right tools. He can do it, he
Maybe Sam’s right. His problem might be that he’s spoiling her too much.
“He left you.”
Damn him.
“Thank you, Doctor,” Steve relents, patting Liberty’s head and following her lead into the cab.
"How strong?" the black-haired girl regards Steve with slightly less suspicion.
That was the one redeeming act that Howard had done over the years, but even then he knew that Howard was only trying to stop him from starting a new company.
“One day soon, I hope. I’m sure my fiancé would love to do the paperwork for our marriage,” Steve says evenly, surprise melting away into easy contentment.
Steve, if it
. Now!” he snaps, but Liberty ignores him, paws scratching Tony’s chest and
When Steve sits, the bed sinks much lower than before. "Peggy told me she talked with you."
fight with a shield?"
Steve shakes his head, looking up to the window Sam had pointed at. “He's my friend, Carol.”
"Alright," he nods. "Let's pack it up. This goes straight to Peggy, no one else."
flustered, Tony wipes the back of his hand over his lips. "I'll have you know my body armors are already the best of the best."
He can't save everybody, but he can do something. Placing the mug carefully on top of the pile of mail on the coffee table, he reaches inside his suit to take out a flashdrive.
"Just in time for dinner, then?" he teases back, trying his best to summon a smile through the hazy cloud of pain. Anything to get that frown of displeasure off America's face.
And then Steve's body is curling around him, and the shield a blur of red and blue as Steve brings it up over their heads: "stay with me," Steve pleads.
That won't do.
“Just wanted to tell you: I finally got to first base.”
Sam groans louder, passing Tony some tissues. They both liked having the ER not too close to the Neurology department – Doctor Strange’s penchant for strange rocks was unsettling.
Tony groans. "
It’s selfish, though, and Tony tries to stay silent, relishing the stolen moments of freedom he gets.
Can't he, for once, have an anchor?
Steve shrugs.
sound like a dying cat.”
“You’re alive,” Tony answers instead, voice croaky. “Steve.”
stamp.
Tracking the way Stane's hands clench into fists, rings glinting in the sunlight from the office windows, Steve does his best to keep his face a blank, impassive slate.
"Because Howard wanted him to. Howard was slipping away, driven to paranoia by enemies he couldn't see," her hand rises to Tony's shoulder, its weight settling there, "and he wanted to protect his legacy."
Stark glances at the loose bindings that Bruce had wrapped around her burns. “Is your
"Stevie doesn't come back here often," she grins, "and when he does, he comes home with
"No," his Ma pats his cheek, grinning. "America isn't ready yet to have me as her Captain."
Howard’s jaw tightens. “He’s a Captain with a Medal of Honor, Anthony. A scientific masterpiece. Show him some respect.”
“Hi, Captain.”
Steve smiles. "But I see you and I see my friend who I lost because I was silly and young. And I see someone older, wiser - did my Ma say smarter and handomer? - who I'd very much like to be friends with again."
“Are you admitting I’m right?” Steve teases gently. He doesn’t expect an answer, so Tony doesn’t give one.
“Seems you managed to,” Steve slides down the door, ending up seated right next to Tony. Liberty happily climbs into his lap, her tail wagging in Tony’s face.
"Hey, J, point our Homer Project satellites at the desert? I want a visual of the convoy."
He is nowhere near the dignity, honor, kindness that Steve represents, and by accepting Steve's protection, Tony submits to the very real possibility that Steve might take the fall for Tony's sins.
He gives a non-committal shrug. “You seem nice. And less boring than Sunset’s magazines.”
Then, Steve returns the nod, clearly reluctant.
Working is more useful than grieving. More useful than resting.
"Why not?"
If he focuses enough on Bucky, he might not have to grapple with the fact that Tony Stark is standing in front of their small apartment, trying to break in just as he had broken into Steve's dorm room as a child.
He stands aside as Sunset’s lips twist into a sneer. When she speaks, her tone is all prim and proper despite her words – their upbringing demands decorum, especially in hostility, and Sunset is nothing if not her parents’ perfect daughter.
“And you know who to call if you get stuck in a tree.”
The shield slams back into Steve's arm, and he flexes his fingers to activate the magnets there, grateful that he had thought to bring it along with him. “Good.”
Steve debates whether or not to stay. He has his own schedule: a visit to the children’s ward at the hospital, lunch with Commander Hill about protocol. But it’s barely half past six, and he smiles down at Tony peacefully taking his next breath, all the earlier tiredness and pain gone.
Ever since the car crash that had killed Howard, Maria, and nearly taken Tony too, he had felt indebted to the paramedics, doctors, nurses who had saved him. He had invented the world’s most invasive pacemaker to be able to escape being tied to a machine by a bed, and with his ticker problem out of the way, a year of physical therapy was more than enough for Tony to poke and prod the doctors for their knowledge – for someone with three PhDs, a proper MD was a walk in the park.
"I don't want to put you or Steve in danger."
“That’s amazing.”
When Sam deigns to attach a ‘Doctor’ to his name, things are either going very right, or very wrong. By the paleness of Sam’s face, Tony decides on
He breathes in deep. Banner being here means the 107th was dispatched. No time for distractions, though.
He squints at her otherwise empty hand. “Weren't you supposed to be getting lunch?”
“Thor!” Steve commands, scaling up the ladder of the firetruck again. Third floor, Sam had said. “Clear me a path with the foam unit.”
Their thighs press against each other, Steve's hand resting on Tony's lap, dangerously close to his hip.
“Like that time you wore those yellow pantsuits in college?”
“Tell me what you did today,” Tony demands instead.
"Shrapnel caught your thighs, it's not bleeding much but it doesn't look good."
“Don’t blow anything up before I come back.”
Physics at its most basic.
Beside him, Steve shrugs, making their coats brush. “You said you had no time for training exercises or protocol paperwork, I said you’d better make time.”
There is a battle going on in the streets, ambulance sirens coming closer, and the occasional flashed of lightning coming down from Thor's rage. Their team can handle the last of the bots, Steve decides, giving in entirely to Tony's gentle touches.
The longer he waits to talk with Steve, the worst their argument will go, and he supposes that he might as well accomplish something today. Repair his relationship with Steve.
“No, but I wouldn't mind carrying you over the threshold.”
“JARVIS, window opacity to 90%.”
“And you grew taller.”
Team cohesion is important.
did you get in here?”
His hand hovers over Tony's arm: Tony is curled up on his side, facing away from Steve. There's sweat collecting on his temples, jerky movements and whispered pleas that are too soft for even Steve to hear.
Tony tamps down on the hint of disappointment welling up. Because Steve
In the mirror, Steve's head jerks up. "Are you - you're breaking up with me."
That was... that was a first. Tony flicks his gaze up to the shadows under Steve's eyes, the crease between his brows that seemed ever-present these days.
"Nothing good will come from digging deeper," Stane unclenches his hand.
They’ve been a team for three years now. Surely Tony would mention it if something was wrong?
"Aye, Captain."
It's 2008, and Steve goes on a mission to find a missing person. He finds some other things, too - including a ring.
“I know," he nearly reaches out to squeeze Tony's shoulder. "What is it that you can't do?"
Compartmentalise.
"Nuh uh," Steve shakes his head. "No talking shop while there's food between us."
It goes like this: Tony is sprawled on Steve’s bed, his blueprints scattered across the sheets, and Steve sits at his table, not reading his book.
The conviction, the utter faith laced deep in each word should terrify Tony. He’s had people believe in him before, but never like this. Steve saw him as
put '
fingers grip around his, allowing himself to marvel at the fact that she might not be alive if he hadn't cut open her chest and fought for her heart.
He can imagine Bucky crossing his arms and glowering. "What, you gonna call security on me?"
, Tony wants to explain, to take back all the bitter words,
"I'm sure I made a mistake teaching you sarcasm."
“Then you fix it and find a mop to wipe the floor,” Tony shrugs, unworried. After a long twelve-hour shift, he’s ready to crash in bed, and he’s even more ready to forget about ridiculous firefighters.
The tabletop was the finest marble, the ceramic was the rarest china, and the silverware set for three people.
Then, after a surreptitious glance at the small living room, she drags him out of the tiny kitchen and into another, dark room.
Taking a step closer, Steve shakes his head. "I'm here," he tells Tony.
Item eight hundred and sixty one on his list was:
"Are you sure I qualify as good?"
"Not true, you've also kissed some people along the way, and saved an orphanage or two."
They would much rather keep it a Steve and Tony affair, and in that regard, the bodyguard duties made it far easier to sneak some time together with Tony, who had taken to spending alternate weeks in New York and Malibu as the groundwork started on the cliffs to build a new mansion there.
"Technically," Steve straightens his back, "I
leaving you."
“It took me two days to make!”
A junior agent scuttles forward, handing Steve a large, round packet before helping her up, draping his suit jacket around her to help with the shock.
Steve isn't in the business of eavesdropping, but the serum meant he couldn't help it, and he feels his heart swooping down in dreadful expectation.
“I don't have to,” Steve agrees, but he offers up both his hands for Tony to take. “I'm sorry. Missed you last night.”
“My knight in shining shield,” Tony prods at the scrape marks on the shield, grinning up at Steve. “Marry me?”
"I'm still angry at you, Rogers."
“The letter came last week.”
“Small, but not important.” Carol fishes out her phone. “Have you seen the fire station's latest post?”
My friend is going off to war, of course it matters!”
"Bring Tony home, you hear me?" his Ma kisses the top of his head. "Stay safe."
," Steve finds himself confessing, "I nearly took him on."
“Tony, don't,” he shakes his head again. He doesn't need pity.
vision of the future.
“Good, because I have the best ideas.”
“I owe you everything,” Steve insists, because if he had forced Tony into this hellish cycle of war, Tony should at least understand that he
Who do you think you are?”
The words hang in the air for a while longer.
Dimly, he recalls having a rebar stuck through his stomach.
“That's – that's good.”
"His arm?" Tony asks.
"Better than good," the answer comes quick.
“Tell Bucky not to go, then,” Tony pleads, already half begging. The blueprints in his hands have never felt more useless, meaningless, and he sits up on the bed, back tense with panic.
The quiet also helps Tony talk, almost like he’s in the laundry room next to Jarvis, rambling on about his thoughts without any fear that he’d be told to be silent.
The clipboard feels heavy in Steve's hands. He thinks his mother would have loved Stark's no-nonsense attitude. Steve coughs to clear his throat. “She has you to look up to, Doctor.”
“The ice cream's gonna melt if it gets any hotter in here,” Tony says, eyes flicking away from Steve as he folds up the post-it note into a small square.
,” Rhodey’s voice is harsh, insistent. “You’ll make it out. You always do.”
“I’ll be fine.”
"I don't think we could afford the scandal of taking down the
So he tucks the two of them away where nobody can see them, this secret he wraps carefully in his heart. No one will ever be able to use it against them, Tony promises.
Tony groans.
From across the room, DUM-E makes a sad beep.
There wasn’t time to spare, then. This was Tony's responsibility. Crude designs shape themselves in his head. Armored protection, shielding, weapons to fire from afar, better targeting systems, a phone to call. He doesn't know what he's doing.
Steve drops a kiss on Tony's shoulder. “Not as handsome as you are now, though.”
It sends Tony reeling. He had readied himself for a harder question, an interrogation into every corner of his life, like the reporters with their cameras liked to do. This felt too simple. A trap.
For a moment, he stares around his room, hand hovering over the next shirt he needs to fold into the suitcase.
hasn’t made breakthroughs in quantum physics or nuclear power, has he?” Tony argues.
Steve ducks his head, shy, but ultimately he looks back up and meets Tony’s gaze. “Happy belated anniversary.”
He gets pointed silence and another spoonful of pudding from Steve.
"Dance with me," Tony blurts out.
Tony winces. "I'm sick. Dealing with bureau - bureaucracy makes me crazy."
schools?”
, he'd almost forgotten how frightful it was to be in the care of a man who would, and
“I can. I want what’s best for all of us. Including Steve." A pause, another puff of smoke. "Tony, you remember what your mother was like at the end of it, don’t you? Do you want that for Steve?”
“You can be anything you want.”
he can –
that?
Steve looks down, unable to meet those knowing eyes. “Thank you,” he says. Whether it’s for the door or for taking care of Tony all these years, Steve can’t decide.
There's a time for fighting each other, and there's... the small downward twist to Tony's lips, the slight bounce to his leg that betrays his unhappiness, nervousness, uncertainty.
"What's going on with the company? I've always been able to keep myself safe."
Peggy Carter was the wisest woman Tony ever had the fortune to meet. Of course, he would have liked to put his mother on the same high pedestal, but Maria married Howard, and that always seemed to be the opposite of wisdom, no matter how much Tony loved her.
." Sitting up, Tony uses one hand to help Steve up, his free hand sending repulsor blasts to any bots who dare come near.
Old letters and old wounds and old friends.
near it until I'm sure there won't be a second explosion."
finds sneaking to be the best way to get a hug from Steve. It hasn’t gotten any less endearing. While he wishes Tony would feel comfortable enough to simply ask whenever he needed anything from Steve, but he’s learning that there are some things that don’t need to be asked for.
"We don't have anything else except Stane's whiskey," Pepper says apologetically.
Did he hit his head too hard or does Steve look even more delicious all mussed up like this? Either way, a date sounds great if he discarded all the reasons it isn't. Like the fact he doesn't know whether Steve is into men, much less men as disastrous as himself. But being as disastrous as he is, the word slips out of him.
he had felt safe in as a lost child looking for a rock in a sea of lies.
The war, Bucky, Peggy, the Valkyrie, waking up seventy years into a world he never asked for – he just wants one good thing to hold onto.
Tony, however, had always been good at cutting wires, and before he starts the car, he types in an extra line of code into JARVIS through his phone.
Bucky cranks open another crate. His eyes meet Steve's, the consequences adding up in his head too, and the questions of
Steve can’t figure out if this is good or bad.
beautiful," Steve says softly. "Lonely, peaceful. We're so small - I, sorry. It's rare that I get this kind of quiet."
“Technically,” Tony starts, “I’m engaged to all the Avengers plus a few villains.”
Sneaking a glance outside the window, Tony finds himself peering out onto the moonlit woods secluding the school from the rest of the world. If Steve wanted to play this game of stubbornness, Tony was more than ready to out-stubborn him.
“No can do, Cap. One: I'm not alone.” Another cough. “Two: the hallway's a bit hot.”
"Well," Steve shrugs, "I'm around to stop any fires. I'd be happy to help."
Peggy smiles right back. "I'm not looking for good. I'm interested in the truth, Mr. Stane, and until you're willing to help me find it, we have enough shovels to keep piling the dirt on your front lawn."
He knows he’s loved.
It's unfair, Tony thinks. People insisted on remembering that one time he got drunk on a yatch while forgetting the fact that he wasn't Mr. Stark. He was
“I don’t do well with dogs,” Sharon had said apologetically.
“This is about – Rhodey's waffles, Sam's wings, Natasha's robot – a
He has lives to save today.
She nods. From her bag, she takes out a packet of frozen blueberries, offering it to him.
Steve nods. “Is there anything I can do? She barks at every person I bring home.”
He had kept writing letter after letter for three more years until the stack of returned letters had grown too large to maintain.
“Waffles,” Tony declares, voice still slightly raspy from sleep, “I smell your waffles.”
He peers inside, searching for the right end, mapping out the circuitry and tracing -
, but they were in their twenties with the world on their shoulders.
They jump off into the cloud of dust that's starting to settle down, and Steve hears some soldiers coughing. He follows Rhodey's lead, the faint sound of lone shouts guiding them both.
Lifting one finger in the air, she shakes her head. "Tony adores you. I'm glad he has someone worthy of him looking out for his happiness."
The scar from the incision might follow her for the rest of her life, but she
It must sound childish, entitled. All his money, his fame, his genius, couldn’t Tony be happy with what he had?
Bucky lets the lid of the crate fall, a loud thud echoing the dark.
The pitter patter of small feet are drowned out by loud, excited yells, and Steve can't move because suddenly he's pestered with questions left and right.
There! Over the sand ridge to the east -
emotionally compromised for this, but he trusts that he and Bucky can be enough of a distraction for Nat to dig through unseen.
Fury stops him from hurrying back to his interrupted date. "We have reason to suspect that the attempt at the Ritz will be repeated." That's enough to perk Steve's full attention. "There's chatter, whispers of them trying to send a message to Stark Industries that they're tired of waiting for new weapons."
“See! He has muscle problems.” Tony says perhaps too defensively, but if Rogers has something to say about Tony, he should very well say it to Tony’s face.
“Visiting beaches, going halfway around the world – JARVIS booked you first class tickets. I have a private jet, you know.”
making yourself
"This is bad."
"I'm sure I'll find a way."
"Mrs. Stark, pleased to meet you," Steve takes her hand. "I'm Steve Rogers."
“I love you,” Tony puts away the StarkPad, mindful to not pull at the tender new skin of his abdomen.
Except, he finds only Doctor Wilson waiting, seeming rather jumpy. “Captain Rogers. Mrs. Carter,” the doctor greets them, helping Steve lift her off the truck. “Let’s get you sorted out.”
Tony laughs almost ruefully, ducking his head. “I’m not your therapist, but there’s not much going against your Tinder profile.” A shrug. “Sam told me about you: Medal of Honor recipient moonlighting as a freelance artist, respectable brownstone in Brooklyn, and I’m guessing a fit body beneath all those sweaters.”
His eye tracks the voice, and it's –
“Do you ever get tired of being nice?”
Seeing the spark of clarity in Howard's eyes is jarring, and the man's smile is empty, hollow. "I do," Howard tips the rest of the tumbler down. "My question is: can
work in kicking you out of here,” Tony points out, half joking, half worried. He doesn’t want Steve to leave, not when Tony’s only just found him.
“You have every right to be happy, Tony,” it should be a gentle thing to say, but the way Carol says it is more of a tired argument.
Steve meets Carol's eyes.
that.”
just ask him.”
Bucky pats his back. "
Preferring to hold onto the clipboard, Tony gives the Captain his friendliest customer service smile. “Right, Mr. Rogers, unless you have a problem other than oversized muscles crowding up my ER, you’re free to go back to sliding down poles.”
“Not at all, Doctor!” Kamala pokes her head out of the storage room in the far corner. “Just helping Clint replace the dart board, then back to earning cash for my med school.”
He’s wasted so much time, and yet. Small mercies.
A reporter. Second row, center seat.
For a moment, Tony feels buoyed by the small, brief smile Steve flashes at him. His very own sunrise.
Tony kicks Steve's shin playfully under the table. "You're a dork." There's no heat to it, only a fondness that curls warm in Steve's stomach. "Captain America is a
“What?”
“You’re trying to start a harem,” Steve ends up snapping out.
“I thought I was the doctor,” Tony manages to open his other eye, this time to glare at Steve. Steve, Tony realises, who is not in uniform but in a very
Surprisingly enough, Stark shakes his head. "Not for a few more minutes. Hammer's lab is a big fat fire hazard. I'm not going to go
But as he starts to turn back to the car, he catches Steve's face.
, his mind supplies,
He gets a letter in return, although the more correct term would be a short diary. Thin, looping handwriting scrawled on pages and pages of old, yellowed paper, sending Tony cackling about Steve's latest adventures.
"I want you to stay safe. To not make any ripples that would draw attention to you."
this one's a rough one after the fluff, but i hope everyone's doing alright, and staying safe in this new year :)
Red sand dust puffs up as the choppers descend, obscuring Sam from view, and Steve resists the need to move, to bounce his legs, waiting for the slight thump that signals a proper landing. Rhodey already has his hand on the door latch -
Compensating for the lack of grounds in the city, the mansion’s garden was small, the short pathway leading right up to the terraced entrance, its marble pillars imposing, the brown bricks distant instead of homely.
changed, though. Somehow, Tony has managed to make edelweiss flowers grow beneath the glass waterfall, with a shrub of blue forget-me-nots tucked beside it, hidden away from view if you didn't know where to look.
These walls were loved.
“You have been gone too long from the bar, Captain,” Thor announces. “'Tis time you had some fun. And time we remind them who the bar belongs to.”
“Alright, show me where they are.”
Only then does Steve look up. “I couldn’t possibly.”
“I wouldn't – ” Steve's smile grows brighter. “I wouldn't mind that.”
“You're awfully, unhealthily single for a man your size, Cap.”
All that matters is that no one other than Tony is going to die because of him today, and all that's left now is to wait for Steve to give in.
With Rhodey distracting Steve using military talk, Sarah gets free reign over Tony, stuffing him full with cookies that taste like home.
Steve glances at Tony's peaceful sleep, face slack with blissful rest. He's loathe to leave Tony alone, but he slips out of bed anyway to lessen the risk of waking Tony up.
Tony visibly swallows, gaze darting uneasily at the doctor and nurse seated next to Rhodey. "Don't let them take - my heart. It's - "
"I'll go to bed soon. Give me fifteen minutes."
“You want to try?”
"Actually, this isn't so bad. The view's nice, don't you think?" Tony decides. Yeah. He could get used to a view like this.
Rhodey shouts something - and suddenly Sam is back, tugging Steve out of the second chopper towards the one Tony is in, half dragging Steve's feet through the sand.
Well. Tony
Either their bed became drastically smaller in the past five minutes, or Tony has been slowly inching his way towards him. Steve debates what to do next. He pretends to continue reading through the evening news on his StarkPad, every so often glancing to the side to note the smaller and smaller distance between them. There’s an endearingness to the way Tony assumes that Steve doesn’t notice – the small scrunch between Tony’s brows, the bitten edge of Tony’s lips as he tries to move silently, and the fleeting glances Tony sends his way, all the while pretending to be playing a game of cards on his phone.
"I never
He blinks some more, but Steve stays unmoving except for the slight crease to his brows that usually means Steve is worried.
Liberty barks, moving to yap at Miss Potts. Steve quickly clicks his tongue, motioning for Liberty to sit. Sullenly, with a heavy thump of her tail on the floor, she quiets down. Steve scratches the back of her ear consolingly.
"Happy?"
. Assuring the girl’s mother that a nurse will drop by soon, he holds up his palms to slow Sam down.
If Tony knew, he would laugh at Steve.
She hangs up after Tony makes smooching noises to the phone. He's thrumming with the need to draw out his thoughts, the support beams he can already picture jutting out of the cliffside, a workshop drilled into the rock, an open air balcony as a middle finger to the stuffy mansion halls he'd been forced to grow up in, gardens and a sleek design: a proclamation that this is
“Sorry for asking. I didn’t mean to push.”
"My boy," Obie holds both arms wide in greeting. "What're you doing down here? I thought Whitney was in town?"
When he glances up, however, Steve calmly smiles, lips quirked up to one side with a thin line of soot across his cheek.
Because, at the end of the day, he isn't selfish enough to keep Steve.
“Good night, Captain Rogers,” Tony gives the man one last wave, quenching down the incessant happiness bubbling up.
The only one worth meeting from school was a certain Steve Rogers, and as much of a masochist as Tony can sometimes be, he already sees Steve often enough each week to fulfil his pain quota.
Slowly, almost reverently, Tony takes one, and then both hands, fingers splaying out over Steve's palm as his eyes dart all over Steve's face searching for a lie.
"After you take me on a proper date," Steve laughs, and he lets himself drift off.
Snorting, he reaches out and lets DUM-E's claw nudge into his hand.
Steve sighs, turning his back to the door and gripping the edge of the suitcase tight. Even this, he realises, is Tony. Any other suitcase would've been crushed under his grip, but this one that Tony had built – somehow Tony had found the perfect balance to Steve's strength.
’, which the Hulk responds to with a gruff ‘
"I'm sure Miss Potts and Major Rhodes would disagree."
When Steve drops the thick bundle of letters at the Stark Mansion, he meets another man.
He’s a mechanic. Repairing should be easy.
"Didn't you promise to keep all of us safe?"
"I know. He designed the cloaking tech for this bird last year. Right around the time you joined us on active duty."
It's only later – after Tony has left, running from Steve badgering him to rest – that Steve realises he can't find his post-it list anywhere.
want to live, does dream of living old enough to retire behind a white picket fence in a lakehouse with bots instead of children and fuzzy alpacas instead of dogs.
“I did.”
fault,” Kamala protests.
He trails off, and they stand silently across each other in the dim hallway.
“I won’t ask,” Steve tells him firmly. “Are you waiting for a cab?”
been the one tasked with reframing Tony's public image into someone more respectable.
Rhodey gives Steve's shoulder a quick squeeze as the chopper lands in the air base.
He insists on tailing Tony most of the time when his boyfriend isn't cooped up in the Mansion's basement workshop. When he spots the brown leaves signalling another turn of a season, however, Steve catches himself off guard.
"I took the serum to protect the country!"
"Steve?"
Tony stares for the longest time at Steve’s closed eyes, the falling dust coating his cowl in a gray sheen. “Don’t let Steve stay alone for too long.” They’re so far away, he aches for the chance touch Steve one more time, to wipe away the blood now dripping onto Steve’s cheek. “He has nightmares, and he has – he likes those cookies on the third shelf of the corner store, you need to make sure he has enough sugar after – ”
him with new things that made Steve want to know him more.
The library was supposed to be his haven. Few people cared enough to spend their free afternoons here. They much preferred the swimming pool, or a trip to the nearby town.
That had been the Tony he knew, and
"Captain Rogers, I presume?" Her voice is cheery and bright, Southern accent thick. This isn't Maria Stark. "I must apologise for not being dressed for the occasion," she continues, "I confess I didn't expect to meet you today."
Stark’s smile drops, head tipping sideways. “What kind?”
Second, when Steve brings home a new date, don’t panic until they pass the six-month mark.
go to Natasha’s bar again to see his chances of finishing their cut conversation, but that feels too much like a surrender and Tony
, Natasha’s warning plays on repeat in his head.
Tony blinks at him, at Steve’s slanted smile – almost a smirk, really – and there’s an IV needle in his arm, and the heart monitor he’s hooked to is beeping more loudly than before.
"Attaboy. You just need some more personality," he muses. "Remind me to add that to your code."
“I happen to like donuts,” Tony notes, taking a cautious sip of the coffee. It's as good as any of Natasha's drinks are, and he ponders whether saying '
Tony latches onto the distraction. “So, Miss Khan, you come out of hiding for Carol but not for dear old me?”
. He had never felt this easy with Ty and Sunset.
Its loud sirens are enough to snap Tony back to attention.
Steve's communicator buzzes, and he very reluctantly shifts out from under Tony's arm to reach for it.
“No, it’s fine. You know I wouldn’t have come here if I couldn’t handle Tony.”
"Alright." There's a time for pushing, and a time for prioritising. "Do you need me to sing some more?"
“Hey Tony?” he calls out.
“It's stupid.”
That's - "How do you know Steve?"
This week they were enjoying the breezy warmth of New York - at least, when Tony wasn't holed up in the lab building a thousand and one new things.
Steve's lips twitch up. Special is an understatement. "You love him," Steve says. There's no jealousy, only a kindred feeling.
Natasha rubs her temples, stepping away from its giant legs. “No.”
Billy perks up. "Like a guardian angel," the boy's eyes are wide as saucers, no longer suspicious of Steve.
It's more than normal for Tony to forget appointments - god knows how many dates Tony had nearly missed with Steve.
"Mister Steve is my guard," Tony explains more properly. "He makes sure I'm safe."
"Dammit," Stark curses. "Tell Stephen that if Hammer ruined my experiments again, I'm
Always, Tony had a way of unbalancing him, of chipping away at his defenses, and Steve refuses to fall apart this time.
The bandage stuck on his forehead from yesterday is still there.
A shadow falls across Steve's eyes at the names. Nonetheless, he tries his best at giving Tony a smile. "Take care."
Then, he'll squeeze his small body into the bed next to Tony, pull the blankets over them and think of home, squished together beside Bucky, huddling for warmth in the winter.
“Just a scratch, Doctor Stark,” Steve answers sheepishly. Next to him, Quill glowers, but before it can go any further, Tony raises his hand.
"I do."
He leaves the food with the receptionist, who tells him it might be a few more hours before the surgery and post-op checks end. Steve nods his thanks.
They tour Southeast Asia.
“Now, either you’re playing the long game strategy, or you really care – ”
The evening traffic won't be pleasant to navigate.
Tony's spoon clinks on the bowl. “Do you have something against tech?”
He had always doubted at some level that Rhodey meant what he said. He doubts even more the truth of Steve's words, especially when he's met Bucky and Sam and Sarah and the rest of Steve very un-fucked up family.
They walk past a couple of carollers as they cross the street to Prospect Park’s Dog Beach. Sam leads them, talking about how maybe what Steve needed wasn’t a set up date. This final straw was supposed to be a spontaneous thing at a dog park – Sam hoping that Steve would spark a miraculous flame with fellow dog lovers.
“You’re a little shit,” Tony mutters between the kisses, nipping Steve’s lips in retaliation.
Only then does the realisation finally, visibly sink into Tony. The insides of his cheeks are bitten: nervousness warring with excitement. "We’re really doing this," Tony slowly says, as if testing the words. "You’re not joking."
“This isn’t even Beethoven.”
to want to reach out and feel Steve move under him.
They go in the same strand of futile negotiations for several more minutes before Howard decides to leave. Peggy rises with him, and Steve stops Stane from following.
It feels like a victory. A small nudge of progress that adds three more items to Tony’s list.
"We're not asking you to build anything," Rhodey moves to dodge Tony's swinging fists. Then, to Steve, "he's having a flashback, I think it's the stretcher."
Steve thinks it'd be easier to be more stubborn if they were still forced to see each other in the hallways everyday. He glances down at the mess of unsent letters, words he'd meant to tell his friend from a lifetime ago.
It’s both an ‘
, he thinks, because in another life where he hadn't been building weapons since he was twelve, he might've stayed up through the night laughing together with his friend, painting worlds of possibility together over stretching summer holidays.
"You said that to me two hours ago."
He watches as Steve fiddles with the IV needle sticking out from Tony’s arm, pressing on the edge of the tape there to get it to stick back properly on Tony’s skin.
One more night somehow stretched into three weeks.
of it was maddening – “off you right here and now. That has to count as training.”
. Intellicrops,” he corrects. “I don’t think you’d want to see me garden. That would be plant cruelty. Crop tops are the nearest thing to plants that I can do – I’m sorry,” Tony cuts himself off before he can dig an even deeper hole for himself, and he tries uselessly to rub some of the sleep from his eyes. “I should have remembered to at least say good night to you.”
The man sitting two seats down from Steve is carrying a tabby cat in his arms, and Liberty has been growling intermittently at them, putting her big golden retriever body between Steve and the cat. Liberty’s head reaches up to his hips when he stands – big is an understatement. Of course the cat would be afraid.
Taking an alcohol swab from the kit and a numbing solution, he calmly dabs at the long gash that only bleeds out intermittently when he puts too much pressure on the inflamed skin around it. “Did you get scraped rescuing the driver?”
Stark steps back from the door, glancing down at the clipboard. “And this is, uh, Liberty?”
The next morning, Jarvis makes him his favorite pie as a gift, and sneaks him a burger for lunch.
Family, however, does not imagine each other naked, and family
“I heard you’re staying over for Christmas,” Tony says accusingly as he flings open Steve’s door. “Didn’t you want to get
The door of the private room swings close behind Natasha, clicking pointedly. In the silence, Tony flicks his gaze to Steve, wondering if he'd get away by pretending to sleep.
Later, Rhodey would call Tony a traitor for dragging him into a minefield of awkward conversations, but Tony maintains that as the official military liaison to Stark Industries, Rhodey had orders to protect him.
, Tony tries to sit up, lashing out against the doctor trying to push him back down.
"It's good to be back, sir."
“Doesn’t matter. Bullying is wrong.”
This time around, Steve makes very sure to greet the man properly.
Forty five days, now.
His heart aches. He hates this part of the job, hates seeing Tony hurt when he's supposed to be resting. "JARVIS, give me a piano melody." Steve doesn't have to tell him which one. The first quiet notes start, and Steve hums.
“It wasn't
hope you guys are doing alright 💕 things are going to escalate from here, so get ready ;)
How many years had Steve wasted by staying away from Tony? Tony had been the one to push him away, but if he had cared about Steve all along, then
Tony nods. Leaving the ground floor living room, he leads him upstairs to the guest rooms, not missing the way Tony curiously eyes the punching bag over the dining table or the old buckets of paint lining the far corner.
“Not when we're like this.”
A pause. “Maybe.”
. "We need you."
"I'm not letting you walk away again," Steve sighs to himself. "I'm not letting myself walk away from you."
He supposes he'll have to find out.
more person talk about the latest Versace, I might burn this place down.”
,' his mother had said, and, '
crying, but he makes sure he isn’t heard, makes sure his words are steady so he doesn’t add to their pain. “I love you too,” Tony says the words slowly to keep his voice from breaking. “Tell that to Steve for me?”
The fire has spread up to the third floor by the time Thor's unravelled the hose and Steve has the truck's ladder up to the fourth floor, directing the spray of water to stop it from spreading further.
” Tony laughs, half hysterical. He marches to Steve, hands thrown in the air. “You’re jealous. You’re – the universe is laughing at me.”
He actually feels himself smile at that, irony sending a frisson of amusement. "I don't know how."
It makes him sick.
Mariah Carey's
Did he accidentally turn on the heating too high? It’s December. Why is it so hot?
She isn't alone, however. Beside her, eyebags dark and hair sticking out wildly, is Stark. He's half leaning on Carol, the white medical coat that's usually on him is slung on his shoulders.
He drowns his thoughts out until all he can hear is the thundering drums that rattle against his heart, until he can forget, for even the slightest moments, that either of them existed.
Steve nods, quickly dodging out of the doorway. Remembering the new size of his body comes easier when he isn't this tense. Before Ana leaves, she places a quick peck on Tony's cheek, whispering, "you never told me he was
Tony follows him out of the room, giving a far too cheerful thumbs up to everyone else.
The science of deduction. Why does Sherlock make it seem so complicated?
Obediently, Steve shuts his eyes, and Tony uses his other hand to move Steve's hair away.
The pounding of Tony's heart is starting to slow. That's good. "Because you're worth fighting for," Steve corrects.
Steve blinks, pausing. “I couldn’t – ”
when he'd written this, two years into his training in the Army, right at the cusp of Erskine's final serum that would tip him over the edge, turning him into a symbol, a shield, a weapon.
Slowly, Tony learns of Steve's inhaler, his arrhythmia and why he had been so spooked by Tony's arrival in the library. Tony took care to announce his presence louder, and if he whizzed through several bookshelves of medical books to spot the symptoms which meant he had to drag Steve off to the nurse, then, well. He was being a good friend.
“You didn’t give me a spoon,” Tony manages to croak out.
Steve stands, feet stepping over the shreds. "You asked for space. I gave you space."
“After graduation,” Steve confesses.
“Go ahead.”
“Blueberry?” Tony offers him instead, an olive branch to soften the blow.
“Easier said than done.”
Stark shakes his head, rummaging through his desk for something. He comes back with a jar of dog biscuits that, again, sends Liberty growling cautiously. “No,” Stark says. “She’s perfectly healthy. Pepper did a prelim check on her heart rate and gums, yes?”
“I don’t want to know his name,” Natasha groans.
"We don't know what or who caused the crash."
Steve had always thought -
'," he tries to deflect.
“Come on, Libby,” Steve tries to coax her away from the dog. Liberty barks in protest. The Shepperd stalks over, and oh, the dog isn’t leashed.
“Tony, I – ”
He jumps.
If Buck knew, he would laugh at Steve, too.
Obie drapes his hand over Tony's shoulder. "Well then, Captain, I promise to return Tony in good shape."
But even after the coffee scalds the back of his throat, Steve still has his handkerchief out, looking expectantly at Tony for an answer.
“But he's got a point,” Tony raises his voice over the music of the bar, louder now that Clint has taken over the old music box. “Hard to have fun when you've got 12-hour shifts.”
The thing is: there are only four people Liberty doesn’t bark at.
"I'm glad you're home."
Liberty barks.
Tony wouldn't trust himself to be a father, even if he had a heart large enough to fit the world.
Stark to you, Muscle Man,” Tony hands the clipboard back to the paramedic. “The kitchen fire guy is in my hands, so he’ll be more than okay.”
, those were some very sharp cheeks. With wide shoulders. A bright yellow soot-covered helmet complimented the flashy red uniform, which all only served to make those
a painter,” Tony observes, “and you
A sound of confusion slips out of Stark. “You know her?”
"What?" he whispers, afraid.
And if he wants to keep tinkering, he has to keep them happy.
, bit of a jump there, but it
“No reason,” Steve grits his teeth.
Steve, now with the uniform draped over his shoulders, falls into step next to Tony. In the setting afternoon sun, their shadows fall long over the bridge, large sceptres of themselves beside each other.
Staying any longer would
“This is the ER, Doctor Wilson, if you’ve got time for sucking up, you’ve got time for paperwork,” he laughs. It’s six thirty in the morning, which means his shift ends in half an hour. “You can ask Strange if you’ve got questions.”
“Maybe later.”
“I know that,” Steve says quietly. An apology.
Turning to Steve for defence, Rhodes waves his frying stick in Tony’s direction. “Captain, stop your delinquent superhero from stealing my breakfast.”
It was a work in progress.
He wakes up to the sound of movement.
"And you're as kind as ever," Tony tells Sarah, forcing the words out of his scratchy throat.
“Steve?” he manages to croak out.
Tony huffs, annoyance returning to him. He didn’t keep Ty and Sunset away from Steve just to be belittled. “I’m a MENSA certified genius. Highest score ever. Why wouldn’t I understand?”
Always thinking of others first. Steve shakes his head: that isn't important. "Can I touch you?" he asks Tony.
Why does he feel so numb?
, Tony carries so much that Steve sometimes feels powerless. He glances down at Tony’s closed eyes, and he continues carding his hand through Tony’s soft hair. There are so many things going on in their lives – Stark Industries, Avengers duties, dealing with the press, liaising with SHIELD – these moments have become rarer.
It becomes harder to keep his other friends away from Steve, and yet, the extra hours of companionship are more than worth it.
Steve braves a step forward. The sand makes his boots heavy. He takes another step.
Like a second chance.
Stark’s smile turns amused, sneaking a curious, appraising glance at Steve. “Did he?”
There are already sirens outside that he can hear.
"Howard's
It's either very brave or very foolish to go against Captain Carol Danvers, and Tony settles on the latter when Rogers shakes his head. “Not everyone has an 8-hour shift job, Danvers. Some of us have to do actual heavy lifting.”
Except, it happens again, almost too fast for Steve to notice.
Carol latches onto Steve's arm, knuckles white. “Steve. You can’t go in there.”
"What did you tell him when he asked of me?"
“Of course it is. And you can ask Carol all about it,” Kamala points at the door, which chimes to signal, as if on cue, Carol's entry.
“What’s your mother like?”
"You're the supersoldier, Rogers."
“Been here three times now. Couldn’t help but be curious.”
here," Rhodey tries, motioning with his free hand for Steve to come even closer. "Do you mind if he helps me get you in the chopper?"
Beside him – because there really is less than five inches of space between them – Steve laughs quietly. “I’m sure we can find something else to argue about soon.”
It's been so long, Steve just misses his friend
Somebody clears their throat. A woman by the sounds of it.
“Is that what you think about me?” Stark’s jaw tightens.
"This isn't working," Tony quietly says. Maybe if he does it quietly, it doesn't have to hurt too much. "You and me, it can't work."
"But I've known you since before you could lie properly," Steve smiles, sad. "And I know leaving won't help."
“Bye, Nat.”
compromise his already shaky resolve, buzzing alcohol tempting him to do stupid things like kissing Steve's ridiculously high cheekbones.
“Which conveniently stopped arriving.”
wearing that abomination in this car. I'm leaving you out here if you dare."
"Exactly. You were happy whenever you dropped Steve home for Christmas," Sarah takes out an envelope from somewhere behind her. "And Steve would look at you like you were his world."
“Why'd you cross out '
Obie was supposed to be on Tony's side.
“Is this some sort of conspiracy?” Tony groans, glaring pointedly at one of the cameras. “J, you better have some good results for me, or else – ”
The key card, Steve discovers in the privacy of the SHIELD-issued car, gives access to Tony's Malibu Mansion that Stane has so far barred any investigators from entering.
The potted plants
Liberty barks at him.
“If this is your idea of being romantic – ”
"I'll send further instructions."
Right. It’s a miracle enough that they’ve gone two weeks without any of this being brought up, and now that Tony can sit up and eat his own pudding, he supposes it’s natural that Steve’s pent up worries would bubble up.
“Yeah. It's the scientific research division. They want me for testing,” Steve lets out a shaky breath. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know how to tell you. You hate war.”
recall," Peggy taps her red-coated nails against the metal table, "it was your decision to pick the building and the room."
“That isn't very sweet of you.”
“But this man you’ve become?” Steve finishes with none of his earlier bitterness. Only an aching tiredness that echoes itself in the hollows of Tony’s heart. “I don’t know who you are or who you’re pretending to be. I just know that the Tony Stark I loved would never have let this happen. And I know that
No one, that is, except for themselves.
“Get yourself out, Tony,” Steve grips his phone tight to stop his hands trembling in relief. Tony is
Stark hums. “Army?”
Why did he think an evening down at the bar would be relaxing? “The man looks like a poster child for steroids and rescues kittens for a hobby. Pets are a vector for diseases!” Tony protests. “We have nothing in common.”
He shoves his hands in his pockets and steps further into the cramped space, picturing Steve's holidays here, all the summers he had asked Tony to come over.
"Tony?"
He meets it with all his resolve. "I understand."
Then shrugs.
"You were the first he wanted to see when his duty to the Army expired." A pause. "I couldn't promise you that he would come home. I didn't want to hurt you any more than you were hurting." That's as much of an apology as Tony can expect from her. He's about to say so when Peggy continues, "I sent him to you as soon as I could, because there's no one else - except perhaps your own Captain Rhodes - who I'd trust to keep you safe."
"College was hard, Ty and Sunset are bitter that we're doing better than their family companies, Howard thinks you're God's most righteous man," Tony lets out a small sigh, "and it turns out I need to fix the postal service."
“Still winning as a kebab,” Tony tells her, because he doesn’t know how much longer he can keep it together, and humor is always a good distraction.
But now?
Serving on the fire department was often a thankless job, and in a city like New York, it was a job mostly involving simple cooking mishaps, ill-advised uses of scented candles, and people who couldn’t plug their electronics properly.
. That would do no good to convince Steve, though, and Tony turns to something else.
"J, where were we on Project Capsicle?"
He's supposed to be a genius. "Adrenaline," he pulls out an excuse.
Tony is in the process of making miniaturised pacemakers that can last more than two decades. Little Maria was the first baby to receive it. A thin filament that's keeping her heart beating. She's a fragile thing, but when she hears Tony greet her, her brown eyes open, small fingers reaching out for Tony beyond the glass.
“Because I read up on you,” Steve admits sheepishly. “You design crutches for elephants, first aid kits to save gunned down wildlife.”
But he’s not afraid. Not when there’s Steve.
Steve laughs. “No. Ma wants me here, and I don’t want her to pay for my school on top of everything.”
"If by race you mean utter victory, yes. A lot of the research behind our product development already uses massive amounts of computing not available in the market yet, but let's keep that a secret for now, yeah?" he winks as the cameras go off again in a flurry of bright clicks.
Steve is standing close, so, so close.
They'd retrieved the bodies of everyone in Tony's humvee except for Tony. Tony's phone had been found a behind an outcropping of rock, screen cracked, in a pool of blood that was a match for Tony. The desert winds mean Agent Wilson is on site collecting any evidence they can before the winds carry all traces away in the dust and merciless sands.
"You're too kind."
,” Tony shoves his hands into his pockets to keep them from straying.
"Now, where were we on scanning warehouse cameras and facial recog?"
Day forty is when things start to crumble. Stane is tired of waiting, and the government is tired of expending resources in a strict war zone.
Without Steve's hovering, it is much easier to put the rest of his plans in action. He had planned on promoting Pepper from PA to Head of HR or Accounting, but if he wants her safe, he needs to keep her unnoticed and near him where he can watch over her.
', Cap?” Tony's voice is carefully blank.
Steve's ire when he comes home late, without any guards tailing him, will be even less pleasant.
Tony sheepishly turns away from his phone, flashing Steve a small smile. “I was trying to see how long it’d take for you to notice.”
He can hear Tony's eye roll. "Hit the posterior hatch of the goddamned bots," Tony says dryly, swooping low to fly in front of Steve and shoot the robot advancing on him.
It feels right. It feels
Fair enough, but with solid proof that Steve didn't mean for his letters to get lost, and with a potential ally to tackle Howard, Tony is more inclined to forgive. “Yeah, I’ve got JARVIS tracking that down.”
“Nothing ever is. But it’s the truth. We were children and you were there when I had no one else,” Steve puts down the picture frame, opening the drawer to toss his items on the bed - a notebook, dog tags, an old burner phone. "You want me to leave? I'll leave. You want me to come back? It better be because you need me. Not because you want to lie to me again."
“Aye, Captain!”
Right. That's it. "Steve," he says as sternly as his aching ribs allow him. "My leg is bleeding and my chest hurts and at least your chest is comfortable but somebody has a target on me and there's nothing except a few feet of cement separating us from getting burned to death." He takes a deep breath, finding some courage to meet Steve's eyes. In the pale light, he can barely see their familiar blue. "I'm gonna need you to spell things out very, very unsubtly."
“I’m telling you now.”
“A) I'm not a nurse, and B) she must've had one hell of a time wrangling you,” Tony finds a laugh slipping out of him.
Predictably enough, Sam groans. “I still have my burnt guy.”
Indulgent, Steve leans forward, but the warm press of Steve's lips fall over Tony's temples, at the crinkles of his smile there, soft and searing all at once –
think Tony is in on this. "Peggy," he nearly pleads. All through the gruelling years of training, of receiving excruciating doses of the serum, never once had he broken to the strict discipline imposed by her. "I need to know. Do you suspect - "
“Get your dog off her!” Steve yells at the owner, dropping his cup to try reclaim the end of Liberty’s leash.
Steve freezes, a soldier bumping harshly into his back.
"Hard to believe that, Rogers," he scoffs back quietly, pushing harshly down the useless hope that bubbles in him, bright despite the throbbing pain.
“He's my friend too!” she raises her voice, and the crowd around them flinches. “Stop the fire, Captain.”
“I – ” The argument dies on his lips. “Alright,” Tony agrees. “Is it possible for me to take care of myself
Which is all well and good, because Tony ends up spending the evening huddling next to Steve for the team’s game night, but Steve begins truly introspecting when Clint –
"That's impossible to do."
They're lying tangled in bed when the news comes.
“I signed on for this job to save lives, Cap.” Tony coughs, but through the haze of sirens and smoke and panic, “make sure the kids get out alive.”
, control yourself.”
“You’re – you’re asking me to marry you?” Steve frowns. He hadn’t expected tonight to take this sort of turn. When he had pictured Tony proposing – when he had pictured himself proposing – he had thought of bright, loud colors, maybe a few fireworks. He hadn’t expected it to be this quiet. “Are you
Calculating trajectory and speed and force comes easily now to Steve. He wonders dimly as he picks the shield up whether it was this thrilling in Tony's mind too, being able to count the world so precisely and bend it to his needs.
, he adds in his head, already running out of space.
“Is everything a joke to you?” Steve snaps.
“Will that do?” Steve whispers, pressing another kiss behind his ear.
“Isn't sugar unhealthy?” Rogers asks.
Rogers sets down a mug of black coffee on their table, holding a bottle of beer. “Nat told me you might like a coffee better than lime soda, Doctor Stark.” He sits across the table, next to Carol. Visibly, she adjusts her jacket, resting her chin on her hand.
“There were two babies who wouldn't survive the stress of moving.”
"You're more than that. You know that."
to focus on more explicit problems, Steve fixes a stern gaze at him. "You didn't program it to hack anything, did you?"
He does know. He really does - has watched Tony protect himself since they were both too young and too foolish, using persistent guile and charm where Steve often preferred the brute force of stubborness.
"Did you sell them illegally?" Steve challenges, meeting fire with fire.
Tony laughs. Only Steve Rogers would dare. "I just might."
Scoffing, Tony shakes his head. “There’re going to be bullies in any school you go to. Are you going to get yourself kicked out of
, he had once taught Steve before an exam,
find Tony.
He can't simply do
They're standing beneath Van Gogh's iconic self-portrait. The ocre strokes of the straw hat and the eternity of the man's gaze puts a startling perspective on the magnitude of Steve's fears.
Steve closes the door again, then points Tony to the living space. “Did Thor tell you I'm here?”
he makes for his godmother - and looks across the table to her graying hairs, the small uncovered scar on her cheek, her unpainted nails and her lips free of her warpaint lipstick. Here, in her Washington home, she's still every bit Agent Carter, but she's chosen to meet Tony as the Aunt who had given Tony a flowerpress for his birthday when Howard had given him an engine, and later blueprints when Obie had given him champagne.
"If you say so."
Flicking on the lights, Sarah closes the door with a final
Tony is smiling, and Steve thinks of what they’d talked about earlier at the clinic – why Tony had chosen to be a vet. Steve wonders if he’ll forgive himself for letting Tony slip away, for letting Tony be only another name in a long list of people who could’ve been, and finds that he doesn’t want to have to know.
"You were his friend before you were ever his protector. I won't take you away from him."
Steve never really stood much of a chance with Tony, did he? As soon as the thought comes, he squashes it down. He shouldn't begrudge anyone's happiness, much less their life. He should be
“So you want to stay the night?” Steve says.
, he has to get himself together before he hurts Tony more. “I
“I love you.”
Steve opens one eye, blue and bright. “People like you.” His smile tilts higher. “My mother was a nurse. She helped make lives better.”
“The hell I can’t!” he wrenches his arm away from her grip, but Carol shoves him away from the building.
,” Stark shoves the rest of his potata wedge into his mouth. Rubbing his hands on his pants, he fishes out the small device from his pocket, then turns around the room in search of something while mumbles, “sorry, gotta dash.”
do I have a meeting with the Secretary of State?"
And despite his wheezing chest, despite the IV in his arm, it feels like coming home.
She actually accepts Charlotte the Spider even if no nuptials were involved, and Steve has to admit that the recording of Fury when Charlotte had shown up to a debrief
“Guh,” Tony groans, throat dry.
, he loves Tony so much, and he can imagine the pout on Tony's face right now, the furrow between his brows that Steve aches to kiss away.
“I’m sure Liberty disagrees,” Tony turns his smile on Liberty, who seems to have tired of barking and has resorted to growling low. He rummages his coat pocket for something, coming up with – is it in the vet’s job description to carry dog treats everywhere?
He can't find an answer.
“If I wasn't scared of you rileing Bruce up, I'd have tried to poach you a long time ago,” Steve stubbornly refuses to be distracted. “You're someone I'd want on my team, Doctor.”
“Well, I'm now – ” he coughs, and his pacemaker whirrs in protest, the oxygen cannula in his nose shifting, “completely fine.”
"I'll leave you two," Sarah eventually squeezes his shoulder one last time, "Captain Rhodes must want a drink."
Tony stares at him, and Steve has the grace to look berated.
His eyes fly open again.
So, if Steve hasn’t done anything worthy to receive such high thanks from Tony, that means he hasn’t been the best of friends.
to turn his gaze away from Steve, but he looks up at Carol striding through the door with a bag full of takeout boxes, with Sam and Thor following behind.
Steve blanches. “Tony -”
Saving both Steve and Tony at the same time isn’t possible. They have to prioritise, and with the odds stacked already so much against Tony, the choice is purely logical.
"Obie?"
“He told me,” Steve ruffles Liberty’s fur to give his hands something to do. “Not the Christmas dinner part. The part where he doesn’t date.”
“Well, your parents are wrong.”
Steve's frown fades. "Perfect." The word flips Tony's stomach - he's never been nervous for one of these, confident he can get the press to eat out of his hand - but the way Steve's smiling at him is a universe of reasons to feel his heart churn. But Steve's smile slants into a smirk, "like I could perfectly strangle you. And I'll do that if you make us run behind schedule."
"Well, you have your friend here to help ward off the beasts, don't you?" Maria smiles wider at Steve, extending a hand.
Bucky is waiting for Steve to come back to their hideout, and Steve lengthens his strides, uncomfortable with leaving Bucky for too long alone. He's more worried than usual with this being Bucky's first mission in three years, the first since Bucky had gone off radar for a year, captured by HYDRA until an anonymous tip had led Agent Carter straight to the newly named Winter Soldier.
Steve had just wanted to give Sharon some ice cream in the park.
“What?”
“Are you trying to get me to hug you?” he breaks the silence.
He should feel angry, but the sudden warmth only feels safe.
“We’re both young,” Steve shakes his head. “And you have the entire world. You’ll forget about me soon enough.”
There's more that he wants to say, and to ask, but he doubts that he'll get the answers he wants.
"I think that it's my job to make sure no one strangles you to death out there," Steve says dryly.
“We can have a very long engagement. Or not. Whatever you want,” Steve shrugs, pulling away to give Tony space to process, but Tony stops him, moving closer to Steve on the bed, a small smirk starting to form. All the shadows from his nightmare are gone, and Steve's life is brighter for it.
Tony groans in reply, but without any heat to it. Fond. Hopeful, even. The morning sun bringing them both clarity that they hadn't had last night.
He's aware that he has a type. Ty: tall and blonde. Whitney: equally blonde and whipsmart. Apparently, that list now includes Steve: tall, blonde,
And even if Tony never wanted to talk with Steve again after this, after the vitriol of their earlier meeting, he only needs to understand and perhaps have some modicum of closure.
"Hold up," Steve reaches across the table, taking out the clean end of the napkin. "You've got - " he swipes the sauce off the corner of Tony's lips. "Alright. Go on."
Steve thinks of Doctor Stark’s sharp smile and barbed teasing. He’s met a fair share of doctors on the job, but having grown familiar with Doctor Foster’s easy professionalism, Stark’s swift quips were... different.
He needs time to think, to process. "No. Ty and Sunset are waiting for me," he lies.
did?" the first voice hisses, low and outraged, "you don't know half the things I built for that stubborn - "
. Get a grip. “I don’t do well with charity. I’m sorry.”
Kate eyes the pack strapped on Liberty’s back, with the VA logo declaring her a service dog. “Oh,” Kate mumbles, “Liberty seems… sweet.”
"It's the
“Sleeping. Pepper’s calling Doctor Cho.”
Which is how he's figured out where Steve is.
first before
Yes, he had Bucky, and now Sam, Natasha, Agent Carter - and yet, Tony had been his friend in a way that none of them could be.
“No.”
The other part wants to crack at having to make yet another choice.
The answer is simple. Determined. “Yes.”
“Sure.”
Shawarma, game night, bruised on the couch after a long battle, a reporter's snapshot of Steve holding his shield over Tony as an umbrella, a picture taken from JARVIS' archives when Tony had fallen asleep in Steve's lap after karaoke.
Tony knows he's being unfair. He knows he's being cowardly. He doesn't know how to stop.
Tony's face plate flips open, and Steve is treated to a very unimpressed look. "Medic
Compartmentalize.
The tone he used – ridiculously reasonable – was too much to bear, and Tony snaps.
"I hereby give, devise, and bequeath all the property and land of the address Malibu Point 10880, 90265 to Captain Steven Grant Rogers, absolutely and forever, on the condition that he learn the difference between Beethoven," Pepper frowns, "and a dying cat. Don't leave the piano unplayed, don't let DUM-E feed you smoothies."
“I just need to recharge,” he waves off the concern. Then, he quickly amends, “not my arc reactor. I need coffee.”
October flips onto November. While Steve’s gotten a new commission to keep himself going, the new month also means a new date set up for him by his ever-wonderful friends. He had given them a deadline of December. No more setting him up with a gal from accounting or a guy from admin after that. For all that he wants to settle down, for all that he might be lonely, Liberty gives him enough company and enough reason to get up each morning.
Spending time with Steve was much less boring. Already, he was thinking of ways to get around them all.
“Here’s hoping you score a better date, Captain,” Stark gives him a tight smile.
"Of course," he replies quickly.
There's a disconnect between the
Then he gets to work: flip off the sprinklers to keep the room from flooding before the fire reaches them. Use the water on the floor to soak up the spare baby blankets in the cabinet and clog the gap beneath the door.
How many of these were Tony's designs?
“I hate protocol. I
She licks Steve's shoulder.
Balancing the cup cautiously with the leash wrapped in his other hand, Steve sips the drink happily. “Good. There’s a gallery showing soon, and my art’s going to be featured.”
“She’ll be alright?” Steve immediately comes closer, letting her nudge her nose into his palm.
not Howard, not someone's to control.
“Your name comes up in
“Captain Rogers?”
Steve tries to forge on. “A little bird told me you like Carmine’s?”
"Good," Obie nods slowly, "good. You're going to surpass us all one day, my boy, and you need to keep your eye on the focus."
Steve frowns. The few times that he had made waffles for breakfast, he hadn’t gotten nearly the same enthusiasm. He cranes his neck to see the pan over the Colonel’s shoulder.
He squints at the IV bag hanging by the bed. Is he on hallucinogens?
Everything would be empty, Howard would keep tipping back the next bottle of overpriced whiskey, and Obie would always have his eyes on the
Patting Steve's shoulder, she places a hand on the door handle to keep it closed. "In any case, I've assigned Agent Wilson to the new Falcon project. He'll be our eyes in the skies for weapons movements in the desert."
Missing weapons, a malfunctioning car crash, demands for new designs - Tony doesn't - "I don't need to breathe," he snaps. "I need time. I need Pepper. I need to buy that goddamned car company because no more. No more deaths because of their shitty mechanics."
"Less magic, more madness," Steve laughs, scratching the back of his neck.
There’s a clatter as Stark takes the clipboard from the desk to sign on it. Then, “come back if Liberty keeps giving you trouble,” Stark unclips the form and offers it to Steve. “That’s all I need you to promise.”
He had been desperate to feel
"I do, Obie," Tony thinks of Aunt Peggy and her SHIELD. "I do."
Except, now he doesn’t have Jarvis to quickly pull him away from the fire, and he stares wide-eyed as Steve crosses his arms stubbornly.
"If you need a friend," Steve repeats his promise from a decade ago, his words a whispered prayer, "if you come through a rainy patch and you need a shield, you can always find me. I will
Even now, Tony understands Steve too well.
Steve scrambles to check.
The slew of names pricks at all of Steve’s questions about Tony Stark. The way his voice hardened over his father’s name, softened at whoever Obie was.
Steve’s first thought is:
', because he knows she always has a
“Because of people like you,” Tony fiddles with his pen, uncapping it and capping it again. “I know what Butterfingers did for Rhodey – my friend – after coming back from his tours abroad. These dogs, these pets, they can’t speak for themselves, but they care.”
“No,” Tony tries his best to sound indignant while already half asleep. Then, he rethinks. “Yes. Actually, no.” He pauses. “I was hopin’ for a kiss too,” he struggles to shape the words. “Guess I’ll settle for do’uts instead.”
The only reason he doesn’t act on it is the worried frown that Steve gets whenever Helen comes by – the way Steve nods at every single one of Helen’s instructions, no doubt memorising them all.
He's in Stark Industries' Los Angeles office. Obadiah Stane wants control over the company to handle the fallout from the company losing not just leadership, but also the brilliance of Tony's genius.
"If Obie or Howard asks about it," Tony cuts in, because he wasn't ready yet to wrap his head around the idea of Pepper and Steve colluding, "tell them I've gotten a burst of maturity and I think the LA Headquarters could benefit from senior leadership."
' that flashes brighter than bright, a deep-seated certainty that makes itself known for a second before the waves of fear and doubt buries it away.
A gold blur rushes past him, the sound of a loud thump, plastic clattering on the ceramic tiles, and –
Her seat. It must have been taped under her seat, placed there for its proximity to Tony.
did the paperwork?” he doesn’t bother hiding his pleased surprise.
"There's an organisation that SHIELD was founded to eliminate, your father worked with Doctor Erskine to create a supersoldier army in hopes it would be enough to stop them," she keeps them swaying to the music, the words urgent in his ear.
“What you just did,” Tony meets Steve’s eyes. “Breathe. You’re going on a date, not getting a dressing down from your C.O.”
The quickest way to get Steve to do something was always to challenge him. That, apparently, hadn't changed.
Stark waves it off like it's nothing. “Mrs. Carter told me to thank you.”
"Yes," Peggy confirms. "We're taking this problem from two sides." More softly, she adds, "Steve, we need your head for strategy. Your memories, too."
my fight. I built those things.
boy," Sarah pulls Steve into a hug. "I heard the news."
"Your friend."
"What was I thinking when I programmed sarcasm into you?" Tony crosses his arms.
He tries to reach back out to Steve, but the med wing blanket is heavy over his hand, so he leans his face into Steve’s touch and rasps out, in barely a whisper, “happy belated anniversary.”
“Steve,” Tony tries out the name. It's far too simple a name for someone as maddening as Rogers. “I think Thor's looking for your attention.”
Friendships have been ruined by things less monumental than lust, and he doesn't think he can stand losing Steve again, especially when they're both tangled in a web of lies and Howard's pride.
had noticed, and if someone as young as her could see right through Steve, is this Tony toying with Steve?
“We also need to find a new home for this giant eagle.”
“I’m not a Spice Girl,” Tony resists the urge to thunk his forehead on the bar table. “I don’t need Rogers adding more chaos to my ER.”
“So you’ll let yourself die with him?”
Beneath the pictures was a small stack of three well-worn books.
Steve barks out a loud laugh, and when the wall shakes, showering more dust over them, he shields Tony's eyes with his hand, brushing away the dust that lands on his cheeks with a thumb.
“Hi, I’m Doctor Stark.”
The last time he had seen Steve before everything had gone to shit, his friend had been a skinny,
I’ll admit I’ve come very close to that during some parts of my life, but not recently,” Tony blurts out, indignant. “Recently I, well. It doesn’t matter.”
’, except with an amped up level of grandeur and drama that Tony enjoyed adopting.
Obie comes even closer, almost towering over him. “I understand your grief and the idealism of youth, but and what will you say to the government? What will - "
of it. And I was only halfway through reading about it when Captain Rogers saved me from the upstairs candle.” Shorthand for how Steve had stopped the fire from spreading through the entire apartment building. “Turns our doctors aren't the only heroes.”
“Pepper told me you were hitting a wall with your gardening project. She said to give you time.”
“I’m fine,” Steve says. Then, to prove his point, he holds up the two shirts, one red and one blue, forcing a bright smile. “Which do you think I should bring?”
"You don't have a more romantic place in mind?" Steve asks.
Steve looks supremely unimpressed. “Yes, you’re Tony Stark. And just because you’re younger, smarter, richer than everyone, it doesn’t excuse you from acting callously to the staff or from
Suddenly, he feels something warm press against his cheek, the scratch of a beard, then as quickly as it came, Tony darts away. When Steve takes a sideways peek, there's a bit of pink dusting Tony's ears.
Steve throws his shield at the robot. “Where are the other Avengers?”
Miss Chavez, emboldened by her friend's forwardness, shuffles closer to the tiny chair Tony has claimed as his 'throne'. "Mister Steve looks like he's going to a party. Are we having a party?"
With his useless faceplate tossed to the side, the rest of Tony’s helmet nestles his head, keeping him from angling his neck properly to see the man he’s loved for five years now, the face he’s woken up to every morning for the past two years.
“Carol told us to tell you she's not above cuffing you to the bed,” Natasha smiles. “And I'm not above tasering you if you try to leave before Sam discharges you.”
Process the information. Internalise the important pieces.
“That implies you sometimes disapprove of me,” Tony cracks a helpless smilethat borders amusement and bitterness, “that sounds about right.”
He meets Steve’s eyes head on, refusing to be intimidated. He realises, belatedly, that if he had wanted to befriend Steve, he shouldn’t antagonize him, maybe start with an actual apology. But Tony’s mind had jumped ahead several steps, and it was too late to back down now.
He keeps walking, ignoring Steve.
Tony huffs. “Typical. The love of your life proposes to you, and you’re thinking about paperwork.”
And he’s always been drawn to the forbidden.
“I know it doesn't mean anything,” Steve mutters. “If it doesn't mean anything, then why do you never – ” he waves at himself. “I'm your friend.”
Unaware of Tony's plight, Steve doesn't bother hiding his amusement. "That I dance better than you."
"Doctor Erskine was shot by HYDRA. Steve is the only one."
He was never good at lying, and even worse at lying to Tony.
borrow Tony for a moment." Maria takes out a name card. "I'm sure you can arrange something with his latest assistant."
"I knew you were going to build a world worth fighting for, Tony. You never needed me for that." Steve's hand brushes against the star of his shield. "I couldn't ever build something this grand."
, however, what's got you in such a – ”
Other times, Tony would look more reserved posing with Howard Stark and Stark Industries' newest Chief Operating Officer, Obadiah Stane.
"Bring an umbrella in case it rains."
And why Stark had taken so much offense at Steve’s words.
Which is bad.
“How about you rest first before we talk?” Steve suggests. “I shouldn’t have brought up the training exercise issue when you were clearly stressed with work, it could have waited and it can wait now.”
It’s a cloudy night when Tony finally admits it to Steve, the churning pit in his stomach. The pool of horror slowly growing larger in him.
"No."
Steve wonders whether he should reply to that, but before he can weigh his options – how to stay on Rhodes’ good side while keeping Tony this happy – Tony outright
He storms out of the kitchen, the words ringing in his head, and he has to sit, heaving in heavy breaths inside his car before he feels steady enough to drive. JARVIS' speaker on the phone blasts out rock songs to drown out the loop of Christmas songs jingling in his head.
. Were they really going out to the airport for a Christmas getaway? Was the road really empty? Did Howard really drink that much before - before the accident?"
“I'm willing to try,” Steve cuts him off.
"Have you run facial detection?" Steve asks JARVIS, who replies in the most disgruntled tone an AI can have.
he felt disappointed. He slides into a seat in the corner, waiting for Clint to finish setting up. Kamala spots him, making a beeline towards his table.
One, her finger is on the pressure trigger, which means it has to
All the craziness of the world, and yet –
, the will had dictated, forcing another legacy for Steve to carry on. He had stood on these cliffsides before Tony had built a home here, and something in him fears that he might stand on this cliffside long after everything Tony built has crumbled to dust.
“You mentioned a ring and not wanting me to find it. I had to make do with pudding cups.”
a hopeless man.”
Steve files that question for later. "I also need one of your agents to contact Pepper Potts. Tell her you suspect Stane of fraud, but don't let her confront him."
One day Steve is in Washington cleaning up in headquarters, the next he's halfway across the world.
"Thanks for the assist," Steve lets his shield slice through the bots at Tony's six o'clock. Iron Man gives him a red and gold salute.
“You must be Tony,” Sarah pulls him into a hug when they drop Steve off at the stairs of an old Brooklyn building, “thank you for your kindness, Mr. Jarvis. It means a lot to have Steve home for Christmas.”
“I thought you don't make those kinds of promises?”
"Agent Carter is... she didn't tell you?" Rhodey asks. "She's stepping down as Director of SHIELD."
It's time they solved this old case, root out all the rats hiding behind the towering riches of Stark Industries.
The two of them had been children wrapped up in a secret world, finding solace in knowing that they were both too different for everyone else to understand. More different than ever, Steve wishes he could go back to climbing rooftops with Tony, to simpler times without any gunshots ringing in his dreams or the taste of sand lingering between his breaths.
, you hear me?"
DUM-E rolls over, dropping the gear he fetched into Tony's lap.
“Steve?” Tony asks when they pull away.
The flashdrive his Ma gave him has all of Tony's research on the missing weapons, a backup of an AI named MARIA, dating as far back as when Steve was still involved in the mission. It fuels him on, the need to find Tony, and it lets him forget about the ring he had left with his Ma.
Peggy raises an eyebrow - which,
“I already don’t get enough sleep. You think a chihuahua would help?” Steve drily asks.
Tomorrow is the new year, and there are no galas, no parties, not when the world mourned and the country grieved the loss of a national hero.
“What’re your thoughts on a wedding pudding instead of a wedding cake?”
The silence is stifling.
Tony Stark.
veterinary place to go to in New York, and Steve wants only the best after all that Liberty’s done for him.
Affairs of the heart counted for little when there were things far, far larger than them at stake.
Steve snorts, amused. Then, he remembers the very frightening fact that he finally
“He has infants with him,” Steve argues, losing valuable time. “Where's the NICU?”
Steve jumps in front of him, hand tight around Tony's arms to keep him behind.
crowded, a cacophony of noise that hits Steve with a sudden memory of days spent with his mother nursing himself and others back to health.
The inky black sea spreads out beneath them, the night a perfect cover for them to approach.
She stands up, taking her bag with her. "You deserve a break today. Get out of your own head. I'm calling Rhodey and Happy."
Kamala pumps her fist. “Yes! You're the best.”
Steve glances forlornly down at the brown staining his own suit, and the ruined white shirt under it. "Hi."
Was it too much to ask for a December spent working peacefully? He supposes that this at least allowed him to skip out of social engagements for the next four months, six if he played his cards well.
He's seen Steve with blue lips after an asthma attack, joined Steve in stealing pastries from the kitchen with only a flashlight, dusted off the dirt that came with their climb all over the roofs.
He laughs bitterly. "No one's around to care anymore. Just don't let Steve know what I'm doing."
“If you keep massaging me like that, I might marry you right here and now,” Tony sighs, leaning up to kiss Steve.
Carrie nods quickly.
Tony barks out a laugh, lips tipping up into a careful smile. "But it is. Nice. Very you." He waves the paintbrush at the framed picture of Steve, Bucky, and Sam in the deserts. "Didn't expect I'd meet your legendary Bucky Barnes like that."
Tony snorts. “You've got some crazy nerves, Rogers.”
“You get trimethoprim and amoxicillin.”
To spare Steve the pain, Tony quickly threads the wound close. Loop, and gently pull, then loop again. Twenty three stitches later and Tony ties the knot near Steve's elbow, where he's less likely to disturb it than his wrist.
And some things he already knows the answer to.
"Only because you're hopelessly stubborn."
,” Steve curses, nearly knocking some books over. “How did you even know I was here?”
do that for him.
“Make my father like me," Tony quips quickly. "But, really it's no big deal to make an arm. The best way to keep our country safe isn’t war, and I need to make him like me - ” Tony's phone rings, and he rolls his eyes at it. Another, louder ring. "Ah, shit. Sorry, gotta go. Nosy shareholders wanna know what I'm up to."
And yet, and yet.
Rhodey had only hoisted Tony out of the dumpster, bringing them both back to the dorms. Unfazed and unimpressed, the man confessed to delaying his own career for the sake of
into my room.”
A straggler in the middle of a vast desert. It
The thing starts off without a hitch. With his back to the tall arching windows, he has to trust that the view really is worth all the hassle. From the corner of his eye, he spots Steve standing just the slightest bit behind him, his lips twitching up when Tony makes a crass joke. Cameras flash every so often, the reporters managing to stay in their rows of assigned chairs even after a protype of his reinforced material is rolled out and rolled back away. He spots a lady - or three - and some men with whom he spent several
"We don't choose who loves us, or why. I hated everything you did that hurt him," Rhodey takes a drink from a flimsy paper cup, and Steve swallows down the guilt. "But you never really forget your childhood home. The streets, the rooms, the paintings on the wall - they don't quite leave you like everything that comes after."
Stark cracks a real smile as he pushes the door open, small and harried. A smile, nonetheless.
“I know about triage,” Rhodey snaps, temper short with worry, “and I’m not going to lose you.”
But she does smile.
“Let us do the hard work,” Rhodey says, and Tony can imagine the fond smile that must be on Rhodey’s lips, tired, ever–faithful. “You just keep holding on.”
"I guess I'll, uh - oh! Your number. Can I, may I have it?" Steve doesn't know
The unspoken message is clear. Sam’s way of gently telling him to not push his body too far, to take better care of it. A few years back, he might’ve gotten sullen over the reminder. Today, he’s getting better at letting others care for him, especially with Liberty making him used to having a constant friend looking out for all his tells. Steve lets himself quirk a smile.
Tony huffs, pointing at the blueprints for the next Stark fighter jets. "Obie wants those done by next week, and I'm thinking - I can install trackers on each item manufactured. I've thought of how to change the materials for the chips to make them even smaller. Howard and Obie won't even realise they're there."
That brings a real laugh out of Tony, a spark of lightness he didn't expect. "I missed you," the words slip out of him without much thought.
. Didn’t he know how much Tony hated the war? The bloodshed, the injuries, the death. “Steve, you’re a skinny artist from Brooklyn. You can’t paint others into submission.”
Now, Obie must be referring to Tony's newfound push for another direction, and the investigation throwing everything into a frenzy. They've delayed product launches, halted manufacturing, seen their stocks wobble precariously on the market.
But the oversized uniform had hung adorably over Steve’s small shoulders.
Most nights, Steve ignores him, staring hard at the blank canvases slowly filling up. The quiet of the room is a calming respite from the inane chatter of Sunset and her other friends. Tony had always liked being alone, tinkering with things quietly, away from the spotlight that Sunset craved and Ty hoarded.
“Tony!”
Tony doesn't
Taking the stairs down, Steve calmly keys in his code.
Lips tipping up to one side, Steve smirks amusedly. "Shame. I'd be fine with putting out on the first date."
Admittedly, that second rule was harder to follow than the others, but Tony
"That I love you," Tony's words cracks with the smile tugging on his lips, small and grateful. "I'm sorry. I love you."
There's precedent for it: Tony didn't start out liking Steve, and the more Steve learns of Howard, the more Steve has to concede that it's natural for Tony to have an aversion to Steve.
"No," Tony admits, putting down the brush. "A few years ago Pep - my PA slash godsent savior - noticed this error in our books, and I used to think it was an honest mistake. I had her look back at it last night," he rummages inside his pocket and takes out a small device. "here. You should have a look."
Rolling his eyes fondly, Rhodes tips the pan to the side so more waffles slide on Tony’s plate. “America betrayed me. All my years of service, and I get my breakfast colonised.”
"Don't put words in my mouth," he gives as good as he gets.
"Maybe you're manipulating me into taking a break."
Snatching back the glass and draining it in one go, Steve smirks infuriatingly at him. "I'm supposed to be guarding you, which means making sure you don't choke on vomit in the morning."
“Don’t bring our kids into the fight,” Tony’s smile comes back, the heaviness in his head receding briefly. More confidently, he moves another inch towards Steve. There’s less than a foot of space between them now. “You smell sweaty.”
“What if we fall?”
The sea continues to crash below them, persistent and unyielding. There's a metaphor somewhere, but right now it's just him at Steve at the precipice of everything. "Hundred percent."
Well, except for JARVIS who is most certainly judging him. The bots follow him to the holotable that flares up with various machine parts that Steve tries to piece together in his head. He thinks he's looking at the schematics of the newest Jericho missile, and there's a collection of - "Was Tony planning to launch a new line of health tech?"
Young as they both were, Tony had known even then that joining the Army wasn't the answer. The world wasn't as black and white as his commanding officers had tried to make him believe, and ultimately, it wasn't Steve who had paid for that naivete.
He doesn't remember falling asleep.
The robot explodes -
, the
Then nods.
Clearly, Obie doesn't enjoy his answer, and he lights up a cigar right there, the smoke puffing in Tony's face. “Let me make this very clear: you make weapons, or you give up Steve Rogers. There was a reason why Howard chose Maria. And it wasn’t because Maria was pretty.”
Stopping Steve from going apparently wasn’t an option, but protecting him?
Footsteps slow on the marble tile, Steve walks inside, taking the thirteen long strides to reach Tony. "Then let me help."
"Whatever you say, Captain Tightpants."
"You," Howard points at Steve, "you keep my boy in line."
"I found your address, really think I can't get your number?" Tony smirks, then bites his lip, shifting from one foot to another, "sorry, that actually sounds scary, please don't repeat that to the press, I'm trying to keep a low profile."
He supposes he knows the answer to that, too.
“Three minutes out.”
Tony sniffs, glancing down at Steve's hand. “I thought the whole point of this was to
Steve nods once. Outside, the waves crash. In the sudden silence, they crash loud against the cliff, chipping away at it inch by inch. “When you’ve changed the world," Steve meets Tony's eyes with a terrifying resolve, "don't call me."
Another roadtrip, Steve decides, is in order.
How many more people have fallen asleep on the sofa?
She had come to his attention three years ago after she braved Howard's staff to inform him of an
"Being stuck in a crumbling building isn't
Steve honestly doesn’t know if Stark is greeting him or Liberty. “Hi,” Steve clears his throat. “I’m Steve.”
The thing is, soldiers leaving their beaus for war would often pop the question on their last night, with too much whiskey in their veins to cover their shaky hands at the thought of war, of death.
to make more weapons for - "
"One car should be enough. They're waiting for us at the gala, and the earlier we come, the more money for charity," Obie leans on the doorframe, thoughtfully knocking on its metal. "I like what you've done with this cliff. They're calling this place the Malibu Mansion in the papers."
Right on cue, Liberty barks at Stark and Stark placatingly puts down the clipboard, closing his hand into a fist to offer it to her. She growls, tail stiff, unrelenting in her protection of Steve. Patiently, Stark kneels down, hand held out in peace until Liberty sniffs cautiously at it before barking again, less loudly this time.
"Is this entire building clear?" A plan starts to form, snippets of old conversations coming to light through desperation. Mentions of vibranium, Howard's hunt to synthesize it, Captain America's skill with it.
"Are you sure
"You're not taking it," Tony snarls, "I'm not building you a single damn
And again.
He watches Tony fiddle with his car keys under the street lamp, his heart beating too fast.
insist.”
"I wish I could give you my serum," Steve leads her to sit down on the couch. No matter how hard Steve had tried to give her a bigger, more comfortable home, she insisted on staying in their tiny Brooklyn flat. He can't quite blame her: he got his stubbornness from her, after all. But he
Well. Steering the company into a new direction to make more money without blood.
This time around, there wasn’t a fire when they had been called out. A local school had a major lab accident, and while Thor and Bruce had stopped it from becoming worse, the lab teacher had gotten some deep glass cuts in her shin.
Smiling, Maria reaches out to perk up his pocket square before she presses her cheek against each of Tony's. Her perfume hits him like home: a flowery lightness as subtle as her simple dress.
Stark has his hands shoved in his pocket, the edges of his black gloves peeking out slightly, standing close but far away enough to keep Liberty’s barking from getting more agitated. “Call me Tony. I’m off the clock.”
Perhaps an email. After all, Tony has been poking at Steve to start using that more.
“I've got a 24-hour shift,” Rogers replies.
"What
"Four - four minutes and thirty nine seconds." Her voice is shaky, on the verge of tears.
Steve's only consolation is that Stane didn't win. Not a single dollar of Tony's belongings fell to Stane's hands, and Pepper's new control of the company's ownership let her freeze the new weapons production.
“Come on, girl,” Steve mutters at Liberty, shoving his phone deep down in his pocket.
The words suddenly flash in his mind. One of the first seven things Steve had thought about him.
“I like having
Liberty
He fishes his phone out again, searching for the Marvin Gaye soundtrack Sam had recommended. There's news about the next Yankees game. His eye snags on the article beneath it, and he clicks on the headline, grateful for the distraction. The latest development in the Stark inheritance case. Stane was contesting large sum of money Maria Stark left for her son Tony, who –
was dead. People expected him to run a billion-dollar company. Senators were calling him about the war in the East, and Obie was... difficult.
No more casualties. Tony had to keep that promise.
There's a small slant to Tony's lips when he looks away ruefully. "Ten years, and you're still lecturing me to go to bed."
Briefly, he had considered stopping everything and living a normal life, go to art school with the hefty sum the Army had paid him, spend his life with paint-splattered hands rather than blood-soaked ones.
A practiced line, said so many times to so many thankful soldiers who'd never know that the hands that dreamt up those blood-stained guns and missiles were the same hands that once planted flowers of
"Maybe."
Stark nudges the potato basket closer to Steve. “It did help. I think you've earned Sam's undying loyalty.”
She slips in the space between Steve and Tony on the couch, leaning her head on Tony’s shoulder and taking a blueberry for herself. “I’ll marry you when you’re an inch taller.”
It’s been a decade since he’s last spoken to Tony. He wonders if he can still call him a friend.
sent you letters. Every week. And they were sent back to me without explanation or any reply from
Tony snorts, wincing when the laugh grates in his chest. "Are you always like this?"
There are patterns, and then there are
is uncomfortable with how those words sound too much like euphemisms.
The holidays pass faster after he throws himself into work. Obie asks whether Tony made any improvements to the rockets, Tony comes up with rockets stronger than Howard could ever make them.
"They want weapons?" Tony smirks. "I'll give them weapons. A stick so big they won't be able to lift it, so big it'll fall over their heads and flatten them to dust."
“You don’t seem nervous.”
"Better than it blowing up in my hand," Tony argues fiercely back.
good," he grumbles, shifting slightly. His head feels woozy, and for a few selfish seconds, he's glad Steve didn't leave.
Tony scrunches his nose. “You're going to wait two weeks to kiss me?”
' clamor in the air until Tony seems to take mercy on Steve's increasing confusion. In Steve's defense, he was trained to carry bombs and shields, not kids who he could easily hurt.
Steve grimaces. His misplaced questions, how he had offended Tony.
“Don't look too upset, Cap.” Tony pokes his head around until he finds the breakroom with the coffee maker. His black shirt snags on the door handle, giving Steve a brief glimpse of shockingly toned muscles. “Your friends said you were a bit wound up,” Tony goes on, unaware of Steve's plight, and lifts the plastic bag. “I brought butter pecan for the recovering patient.”
Steve thinks of his Ma, who must be sleeping as peacefully as Tony right now, and he thinks of Maria Stark -
“We're bound to fight,” Steve cups the back of Tony's head, letting his hand smooth out the tangles of hair there. “Let's just not fight when we're both tired from a battle, yeah?”
They wouldn't be using this communicator for that sort of news. Usually, it was more urgent, more -
, the
JARVIS had gone out when the rebar had gone right through the armor’s systems, and it’s mere luck – mixed with Tony’s engineering genius – that the hardware remains functional enough for Rhodey’s voice to anchor Tony to consciousness.
"You'll find Tony," she cuts right to the core of it. "Or Tony will find you."
, that’s blood. The Shepperd, too, makes a low growl as Liberty lashes back out. There’s never been a time when Liberty’s been this fierce. Steve doesn’t know what’s wrong.
"You know Aunt Pegs?"
"Can I see Tony's phone data?"
A flash in Steve’s eyes, dangerous and hurt. And suddenly, Tony regrets his words. Pushing Steve away wouldn’t help. Challenging Steve wouldn’t either. He would only grow more resolved.
“A portable IV delivery system,” Tony declares when he finishes sticking the needle into Liberty’s front let and strapping the small IV bag onto her back. “I designed it a few years back for some polar bears, modified it for at home use. She should be able to move around just fine.”
“'m tired,” Tony sleepily mutters into Steve's skin before lifting his head up from Steve's stomach and opening one eye. “We're having our proposal sex tomorrow morning.”
something.
“No one is a lost cause,” Kamala grins at Steve. “Captain Danvers was the first responder when his parents' car crashed. Tony was the only one to make it out. Everyone knows that story. She's why Tony chose to stay in New York.”
“Bucky knows about me?”
What is he without the looming spectre of Howard's war? Without the clunk of Iron Man's boots beside him on the battlefield and the technology of Tony's heart lighting up the rooms he lives in?
responsible."
staining his hands red.
“Welcome to my harem.”
“Not too much,” Steve agrees.
“No, I – ” Tony pauses. “I actually
Tony makes a frustrated sound, and –
“Your face has healing properties,” Steve repeats, which makes Tony snort, the careful blankness swept away. “You're a good man, Tony,” he explains more truthfully, feeling bad for hiding behind witty quips. “And a good heart counts for more than a handsome face.”
," he insists, because he's tired of everyone telling him he can't. Sure, the arc reactor isn't as efficient as it could be, but even at its most expensive, the reactor could end the war for oil altogether.
He starts to understand
“Only for you,” Tony promises, feeling his worry suddenly well up with a fierceness that terrifies him. JARVIS knows most of what needs to be done, but there’s so much more they don’t know, and his time is slipping away. “Tell Steve I’m sorry we missed our date.”
“I’ve already stopped bleeding out,” Tony feels afloat, and he’s quite sure it isn’t because of all the medication he’s on, “and yes to
"It'll be powered by a large arc reactor."
Tony is right, maybe Steve
Only then does Tony realise how close he's gotten to Steve.
Steve aches to go down when Bucky leaves the plane at Gulmira, but he doesn't. He gives Bucky a hug. "Don't you go missing too."
“I wouldn’t mind,” Steve takes a kiss of his own, “and by the way, I expect the wedding flowers to be grown from your Intellicrops.”
Until Steve takes Tony’s hands gently off the piano, wrapping his paint-splattered hands around the new calluses on Tony’s fingers.
“Just worried for Libby,” Steve sits on the bed. Liberty curls around his feet, the stitches a long line across her chest. She’s a strong girl, stronger than Steve. “I need to know, though: did Sam introduce me to Tony to set us up?”
"Hello?" he whispers, thankful that Tony was a heavy sleeper.
If Tony is wreaking havoc on the common floor, that means the labs should be a safe hide out.
Steve braces himself up on his hands, his gloves catching on the rough asphalt. "I'm fine." Correction: "If you're fine, I'm fine."
responsibility, no one else's. "Sorry, Steve," he swallows, his free hand twirling the wirecutter. Contrary to popular belief, he
"With pleasure."
Steve is tired of all their leads turning to dust.
And despite everything that's happened between the two of them, that had to count for something, didn't it?
“How the
Steve coughs. “I, um, I put Libby to bed, if that’s alright?”
“What're you doing?” Steve suspiciously squints his open eye.
. She would have loved you.”
Steve tried his best to hold tight.
“I listened to the recordings,” Steve cuts him off. “The conversation you had with the team when the two of us were trapped under the building and I was unconscious and you insisted that I was more important than you.”
, she had reminded him when he finally called her to weather the storm.
They’ve only lived together for seven months, but Steve had found himself drawn to how Tony represented everything
"That'll thrill them," she shoots back wryly.
“We’re nearly through,” Natasha’s voice comes back in his ear, “we’ll be able to do an airlift.”
Steve tips his chin up, summoning the courage it took to walk through fire. “You're more than handsome.”
“You’re doing one hell of a job here too, Doctor Stark. Thank you.”
, having a working relationship with medical staff is necessary, and SHIELD Memorial’s proximity to the fire station means they consult the hospital’s ER often. If Stark is now Head of the ER, Steve has to figure out how to make it work with the Doctor.
“No, just glad to know I'm in safe hands.”
Was that guilt?
He shakes himself. “Not at all.”
As it was, without the benefit of hindsight, he strolls easily into the lobby of the
From his hiding spot behind the eagle's large claws, Tony pokes his head out.
“No college classes today, Miss Khan?” Steve asks, grateful for the distraction.
Tony carefully avoids the wreckage of the car, slipping between the railing of the bridge and the end of the electric pole. He scoffs internally at the rust on the metal, his engineer's mind noting the sloppy work. Some firefighters work on keeping the electric cables safe from catching fire, removing flammable debris from the car, and they part for Tony to pass through.
The government was upset that Stark Industries would be undergoing a leadership change, not mourning Howard or Maria.
"Tell you what, you let me keep my Steve, and I'll let you keep my Captain A-bear-ica," Tony fishes out a merchandise teddy bear sporting the A helmet and an American flag.
"Yeah, no," Tony looks up to glare at whoever - "
Blearily, Tony looks around them.
"The letters. You worried about me, collected articles and - nevermind, all of this was stupid. You left me for a reason."
“If you insist.”
“Well, it takes two to tango, doesn’t it?”
"And you know it's impolite to leave your poor mother without a dance partner."
, Steve thinks again.
“No,” he answers, “the pillar’s crushing his spine. Serum can’t work properly.”
“Like how
“Righteous indignation,” Natasha rolls the words around slowly, “we can work with that.”
That had always been Steve’s dilemma.
The words settle in Tony, bright and warm.
Stark gives him a smile, but it’s all wrong. Sharp at edges that don’t usually show. “Not your fault that my heart’s broken.” Fingers drumming on his chest over his red scrubs, Stark lets out a long breath. “Shrapnel, from a car accident. Doctors saved me in time. Now I’m returning the favor. Balancing the scales.”
Steve wrenches his gaze away from the camera-ready smile splashed across the front page. “Who's the smartest?”
Steve sighs, but his lips twitch up in reluctant amusement. “Do I want to know what you know?”
been expecting that answer. He’s also noticed, however, that Steve isn’t forcefully removing him from the room, which means that Steve doesn’t wholly want Tony to leave.
“Get Doctor Wilson, stat,” Tony repeats.
The smug amusement in Steve's words makes Tony jam the elevator button harder.
"Then let me at least give you something to be happy for, hmm?" Sarah points to the old couch for Tony to sit on, which he gratefully does as she putters in the kitchen to get a plate of cookies.
Tony knows a total of nine hundred forty three things about Steven Grant Rogers.
“And you’re planning to snoop in the armory,” Tony doesn’t miss a beat. “So take that frown away from me and aim it at someone else.”
His schedule changes after that.
“Hey, Tin Can.”
They eventually manage to get themselves out of their pile on the floor, Steve taking Tony’s coat to hang as Tony unpacks his kit.
He frowns. HammerTech was among the weapons they most often recovered from the black market, but
"I'd salute him anyway for surviving your lab explosions." It's the truth, a silent
They don't even look Steve's way.
Tony's face ends up cradled in the nook between Steve's shoulder and neck, where he chooses to kiss Steve. “Yes, dear.”
“Jesus
The NICU room is a fire compartment, with fire-proof walls and floors to withstand the heat. The incubators have an oxygen supply that will keep the infants safe from the smoke. Tony is trained for this.
“We could go back to having morning runs together,” he suggests.
Pulling out his cufflink drawer, he watches from the mirror as Steve fiddles with one of the tubes on the vanity. "Tony, I don't understand what you're trying to do." Steve puts down the tube with a loud thud, strength too much. "You drink, but you
There are shadows under his eyes, uncombed hair sticking out everywhere, and he's wearing the same shirt as last night, when Steve had stormed out of the building before either of them could go too far in their anger and tiredness.
He mulls over that until Maria gets forced away by an acquaintance that he dodges, leaving him alone with Steve.
“Sometimes. Other times I go to Nat’s gym.”
, the fleeting thought crosses Steve's mind, because
“Had to make sure the kids were safe,” Tony coughs again. It takes some time for it to stop. “The room's a fire compartment, just had to make sure – you guys aren't worrying about me.”
"Captain, I have isolated the two most likely locations," JARVIS cuts through his wallowing. "Data from MARIA's archives show an uptick of missing palladium-based weapons making their way through the coordinates."
“We don’t do energy,” Obie says with a harsh finality. “We make weapons. Protect Americans by having the bigger stick.”
A click of a pen, and the rustling of paper before Pepper replies. "Is Steve with you?""
Steve had written.
wish that his mother wasn't getting sick more often, wasn't coughing every five minutes or so, her lungs giving her trouble.
“I will, when you stop drooling over the Captain.”
"If you're supposed to be protecting me, why haven't I seen you in the past week, Rogers?"
Guarding the door, Steve nearly winces at the hard edge to Peggy's reply, sharp enough to cut. "Someone put the heir to Stark Industries at risk."
Tony swivels in his chair, resisting the urge to wince. Whitney was the latest in the long list of ladies the press speculated was involved with him, and while they
It feels
“Again, why do you suddenly care so much?”
How does Tony tell him that if this blows in any of their hands, there's no surviving at such close proximity?
, why can’t something go right today?
It makes Steve sick to the stomach. If it had been his Ma who was -
"Exactly. I'm chaining you to that hospital bed 'til we find out who's responsible."
They sit in silence for a few tense seconds.
"Agent Barnes and Rogers would be more than happy to help."
“You really trust me, Cap?” Tony asks, trying to make the question flippant but utterly failing. It comes out raw, feeble, his defenses crumbling.
and intellicrops for your thesis while playing around with satellites. None of your dreams started with blowing things up."
Obadiah Stane doesn't budge in his seat at the other end of the conference table, lounging back with an air of tired indifference. "Ms. Carter, you have found no solid evidence for black market arms dealing in Stark Industries. Whoever was involved in bringing the weapons into enemy hands must be a third party."
“I don’t think you did all this to be vindictive.”
"Mister Steve is boring," Miss Chavez frowns. "Work is boring."
, a small childish voice in him wants to cry. But he's cried enough tears over her, and he has no grief over Howard. Only a strange emptiness that left him adrift.
His nose catches a whiff of motor oil mixed in with the sharpness of their lemon shampoo.
Scratching the back of his neck, Rogers shakes his head. “You've already called me crazy. No harm in calling me my name.”
But after an argument that had spiralled from taking unnecessary risks to Steve's penchant of waking up early to the Avengers messing up Tony's schedule, Steve had thought some space might be good.
He sucks in a breath. Of course Tony would offer. It would be the best prosthetic Bucky could ever hope for, but he would see it too much like charity, and could compromise further their mission with the Starks.
Next to him, Rhodey nods. "We'll get some burgers flown in for you, if you can keep some food down."
It doesn't matter if Steve is displeased with him. He looks Steve right in the eye, taking in its blue, the frown between them and the stubborn jutting out of his chin.
He meets with Peggy again to reach a mutual understanding with her. Weapons of defense for SHIELD, in return for intel about the rot creeping into Stark Industries, the missing accounts that show up sporadically, flagged by MARIA and analysed by JARVIS.
"Have a good night," Steve gives his soft farewell.
"Yeah," he nods quickly, cheeks warm from his ramble. "I'm glad you're doing better now."
Steve speeds up his steps, taking the stairs three at a time. Being able to run was always something he was grateful to the serum for, and he's doubly grateful for it now.
until whatever they had between them had snapped.
She had been a junior officer when Howard's car crash was called in, and she had visited Tony often during his recovery. Her gruff frankness kept him sane when everyone else was walking on eggshells around him.
Steve knows she's displeased that Howard had brought Stane along to the meeting, and she'll use Steve as a distraction to have a longer word in private with Howard later.
Steve's shoulder bumps against him as they stand side by side at the edge of the continent. Before them, the Pacific Ocean spreads wide across the horizon, almost wider than the night sky they used to gaze at as children.
don’t recommend a repeat,” Rhodey says, fondness tinged with exasperated worry. “We’re going to talk about your priorities and why we’re not going to give up on you.”
He thinks of the neat lines that had graced Tony's blueprints, of another lifetime when Tony had admitted
“Steve was here for three days?” Tony repeats dumbly, even as Steve's cheeks flush pink. Adorable.
Tony balks. “Twelve hours? I’ve only been in here since five.”
“Well, then,” Rogers tips his helmet slightly down, “only because it’s your safe hands, Doctor Stark.”
Tony’s brightest intern.
"I hated you, you know? Tony would have given you the world if you asked for it, the stars if you wanted it," Rhodey quietly confesses, the fierce anger receeding into cold fact. "And you walked away from him."
“Because you had a very riveting discussion about her parents’ privilege?”
"I don't look at him like anything," Tony defends himself instinctively, but he sits down anyway.
Steve helps crank the bed up, letting Tony sit properly. "And that's scientifically proven, Doctor?"
The answer comes in rote. "Village rescue mission." That was what it was supposed to be. "Somehow the other side got American weapons and they didn't want us to know how much or where from," Steve stops, shutting his eyes, the screams still too loud. "They blew the place to kingdom come."
Pepper bites her lip. "That was in the envelope, marked for you."
Besides, staying unattached wasn’t particularly hard to do. Nobody was interested in Steve’s non-existent networks or wealth, nor was Steve interested in wasting his money and time attempting to gain their favors. Steve prefers his life. An honest one, simple and warm, without any of the lies that seeped deep in the walls of this school.
Tony's face crumples in his restless sleep, body curling up more into a ball. "Steve," he murmurs.
“I know who to call if I get mugged,” Tony nods in Carol's direction, making Steve huff yet another laugh.
"That's proof that I know your friend."
The lockpicks are still in Tony's hands.
"I heard Mr. Jarvis is enjoying a peaceful retirement," Sarah says amicably.
Tony reddens, and Steve feels his own face grow warm.
Steve kisses him quiet.
“I thought you don’t date.”
“Tony – ”
Gracefully, Steve leads Maria to the center of the ballroom, swinging her in time with the light jazz. Tony switches the empty glass to nurse a tumbler of whiskey, trying to spot whoever Agent Morse was. He doesn't get much of a chance, though, with the Fitzgeralds coming over to try win a contract from him and the Secretary of Defense pestering him about the latest manufacturing timetable.
something about it," Fury grumbles. There's a small '
The blurry yellow blob in front of his face starts to come into focus, and he realises that it’s Steve’s blond hair, and Steve is
“Sarcasm sounds
: I actually do give a shit when people around me are upset.”
Going into this silent war of wills with Obie meant that any blindness in his part could be a deadly stumbling block. Being protected had gotten Tony nowhere, being protected had only gotten Maria killed - whether by Howard or a malfunctioning car or outside interference, it doesn't matter.
, Steve had promised Tony that last night years ago - a lifetime ago.
At least for the next five minutes.
dancing at the edge of thought. "
“Really?” Sam’s eyes widen.
Tony can't help his eyes that trail down.
Not that Tony was happy with them trying to target him personally for new schematics.
It's ironically apt for the situation, and Peggy's lips twitch up despite everything.
Despite everything - the sharp pain of being left behind, the bitter acid that after all the years of hiding his friendship, Howard preferred Steve's new body over Tony, and the sting that Steve might have been in a league with Howard all these years - despite everything, there had been a sense of
Tony was happy that he was apparently of high enough importance to warrant a twenty-four-seven Captain Patriot guard. It made things like these far more bearable, especially when Rhodey was back on the field and Pepper had squirreled her way out.
Steve leans back, head thunking against the front door, feeling the tension and the fear of the day leave him in a rush. He’s lightheaded, dizzy from the sudden burst of adrenaline.
The SHIELD files had always been kept out of Tony's reach, but Tony was
“I hope friendship won’t be as slow,” he tries.
It's been a week since the HYDRA attack. Steve should've known a nightmare was bound to happen soon.
“Well,” Steve gently puts the compass beside his StarkPad on their bedside table, and kisses Tony’s nose, “you have my full attention, Mr. Stark-Rogers.”
"She monitored the supersoldier program before it was shut down."
Tony tries to work on a phone for Steve, but Obie finds him again and hands him some of Howard's blueprints. "Your father doesn't know about this. He's getting old, and we need someone new. Now, look, I know you're young. I also know you're smart enough for this."
“And if I don’t want to be anything?” Tony asks, the precipice looming. If he wasn’t born a Stark, how different would his life have been? He could be running with Steve through the city, trying to win teddy bears and relishing the thrill of rollercoasters, or staying late in libraries, dreaming up stories of other lands better than this. “I want to do normal things.”
“Thank you,” he says, ducking his head, counting the gravel stones on the path. “For tonight. For this past year.” He has Steve’s gift waiting in their bedroom: the ugliest knitted sweater he could find, and a new adamantium-vibranium compass to replace the old one Steve keeps carrying around. “I know I’m insufferable most times, and
Steve brushes away the dust gathering on the staircase railing to the workshop.
he heard so much of in school, the Obadiah Stane he's read so much of as he scoured for any news of Tony, and the businessman standing in front of him now.
Tony can't help the laugh that bubbles out of him too.
"What
He clears his throat loudly, making the squabbling men pause.
Natasha tosses Tony a packet of blueberries during movie night, and Tony smacks a kiss on her cheeks. “Marry me, Nat.”
“You wouldn’t understand.”
Liberty’s leash gets pulled taut, her tail stiff in the air. Steve glances around, spotting a large German Shepperd that’s growling at her. The owner, a tall blond man, seems to not care, leering at Steve.
"Steve?" Tony eyes shift into focus, hand making an aborted move towards him.
“Yeah,” Stark shrugs with one shoulder. “Sucks when your ticker doesn’t work properly.”
No world-ending weapons, no demands for the latest invention to define the future.
"Your body is certainly the best of the best," Steve smirks, enjoying for once the slight pink on Tony's cheeks. Fair play for all the times Tony had tried to get Steve flustered.
"I will. I - thank you, Ma."
Until —
"You know," Steve starts as Tony studiously avoids his gaze, "there was a time when I thought of the future and all I could think of was you."
Hand shifting from Tony's temple, Steve makes an aborted move towards Tony's own hand. "Stop me if you don't want it?"
If word got out that he had created an intelligence as advanced as JARVIS, he doesn't know what something like J could do in the hands of the wrong person.
“What were we even fighting about?” Tony bumps their elbows together as they walk.
For all the world, he looks confident, undisturbed. To Steve, who has spent countless nights beside him, the nervousness is clear.
Jarvis is as immaculately dressed as ever, red tie bright against his polished black suit. It sends Steve reeling to hear his name said in that calming British tone, but this time colder, more calculated.
"Great, run that in the background."  Tony turns back to the computer screen, and the blueprint sketches of the arm, "now let's get this baby up and running."
"Did you send him to the mansion?"
"Don't pull over here," Steve nods his chin towards the strip of sand leading to an outcropping of rock. "You'll block the road less there, and I can change out of this."
If he can't get his way with Stark Industries, so be it. He already has JARVIS secretly working on the funds and documents needed to build again another company, all for him to call his own.
. He hates having to calculate, to pretend around Steve, and his head feels so heavy – why is the sun so bright?
Suddenly, the coffee cup isn't in his hand anymore, and Steve has a cloth pressed against the lingering drops of spilled coffee on his fingers, the softness of it soothing to Tony's tender skin.
“I still don’t make those kinds of promises,” Tony says, fingers drumming on the table’s wood. “It would be entirely unprofessional and Pepper would have my head.” At Steve’s questioning look, Tony adds, “Miss Potts. You’ve met her. Her heels are very sharp and scary.”
But full of warmth and gentleness and
did Steve slide out of the armchair?
That’s not it.
He has to be stronger than that, and he walks away from Steve, pretending to check on DUM-E's charging port. "You know what?" he raises his tone, "I'm too tired for this argument."
Reinvention.
He's clawing his way out, but every time he thinks he finds a grip, he loses it.
“Oh? Are you going to use it with me?” Tony raises a brow.
' on the list.”
He considers the other boy from across the dining hall. He had piled Tony into the same boxes that he had put Tiberius and Sunset in, and yet, in the scant few months he had been in this hell of a place, Steve had found Tony to be simultaneously louder and quieter than all the rest.
The lawsuit with Stane. Steve taps his foot uneasily. “I see.”
“Not close enough to deserve the truth,” Tony scoffs, standing up and walking to the door. He doesn’t care about the blueprints left behind, he just needs to scream, to run, to break. “You must have planned this a long time ago, and you thought it wouldn’t
"I wanted to make sure you were alright," he feels his smile crack.
Flushing, Tony's eyes dart away.
, Tony wants to say,
The board needs to know he's trustable if he's to get some control over Howard.
Eventually, Steve finds them both, somehow managing to balance a tower of pastries on a tiny plate.
“To saving lives,” Steve clinks his bottle with the edge of Tony's mug.
"I also heard Steve spends his nights alone in bed."
Carol scoffs.
This escalate when Tony
“Definitely not, Cap.”
Tony was too busy loving, too busy desperately stopping death that time feels like it's slipping between his fingers like sand.
He can't risk losing Tony, especially not after everything. Not when this was their second - third? - chance. Not when Tony was so...
That doesn’t seem to be an acceptable answer for Steve. “Why do you suddenly care so much?”
Better for Rhodey to leave him earlier than to give Tony false hope that he would stay.
There is a spider.
to be, it - don't hope.
"Your spine might've cracked if the bot's blast hit you," Steve lets out a sigh as the salve works its wonders to soothe the throbbing mess of his back.
lodged irremovable in his chest.
"Or the doctor," Steve kneels low to be level with Tony. He knows better than to touch someone in a flashback without permission, and he swallows down his guilt and fear to shove away the tremor in his voice, keeping his words firm and steady. If Rhodey can't bring Tony out of it, he doubts he'll be of any help. But he has to try. "Tony, you're safe. We found you."
Clipping the longest yellow wire, he hears Steve sigh and Carrie sob when the timer freezes at
Tony smirks, vindicated. “You need to strut, Bruce.”
Steve swallows. Once. Twice. Thrice.
There’s a shaft of light breaking through the dark that lets Tony glimpse Steve’s closed eyes, and the trace of blood dripping onto his brow. Steve had fallen on his front, having shoved Tony away from the falling pillar – they had been the last two people in the building after rescuing the hostages from MODOK – and Tony finds some irony that Steve’s act of trying to save him might be what saves Steve.
With any other person, Steve would dismiss it as coincidence. "What're you implying?"
Important things like that.
Short. Chaste.
“I'm glad they dispatched you,” Steve says.
“Captain,” Thor asks, “is anything amiss?”
he isn’t supposed to do that. Howard had said it was far below his station. Even Obie agreed. But he had always loved tending to the flowers with Ana, watching something bloom into life under his care.
that? "It
Something to the way that Tony kept pushing him, kept
When had he given up art to paint with blood?
“Ah, Tony! My dear Jane speaks of him often,” Thor offers him a cookie. “He is very smart.”
“Not until I know these kids are going to be safe.” A scuffle. Something falling? Then, “Steve, is Sam there?”
“He was going to leave?”
That, at least, had never changed, no matter how hard they fought or how Tony felt about it.
Tony slips her a few pepperonis.
It's been nearly ten years since he last spoke with Tony. But he wears Stark tech that SHIELD provides him with. He knows he can trust his weapons, but he doesn't know if he can trust his heart.
Ten years. Ten.
“Marry me.”
"Howard," Tony grits out. Then to Maria, a small smile. "Mother. I hope you're doing well tonight."
With any other patient, Tony would have no trouble staying coolly professional.
A knock comes on the chopper's window: Sam, flying next to them in his Falcon gear, the Afghan sand dunes stretching beneath them.
Tony has no patience staking out the studio.
Carefully, Tony removes the crusted blood. Betadine is next. “I'd be out of a job if I wasn't.”
"Yes?"
It sounds like -
of you, Rogers," Tony laughs, "but I'll call you."
Steve has to bite his lip to stop himself from laughing. “Are you offering to shower with me?”
Steve hums, watching Tony’s eyes drift close. “I love you, too.”
While it hurts, he's glad that at least Tony has someone who's clearly got his best interests at heart. He nods in understanding. "Could you tell him to at least not burn the letters before he reads them?"
Steve can think of no better seal of approval than that.
'. Steve does his best to hide his smile.
"Is Romanoff being called in?" Bucky asks, metal arm squeezing Steve's shoulder. A silent plea to
calling off this investigation," Peggy's fists are clenched tight, knuckles white in an effort to control her anger.
to celebrate your leg finally healing properly," he defends himself.
“Leaf – ” The doorbell rings.
Pepper laughs too, though she manages to sound stern when she says, "Steve, please limit him to one impulse buy a day."
Immediately, he’s greeted by a family portrait. A woman on a chair, her blonde hair tied into a bun, her painted rosy cheeks contrasting the pinch between her eyes. She’s flanked by two men, who needs no introduction.
“No, clamp his artery there, we want him to stop bleed – ”
Steve squeezes his shoulder. "She knew."
Fifty one times.
That’s… that’s unexpectedly sincere, and it hits too close to home that Steve finds his throat dry. “They know love,” he rasps out.
"I don't want bed," Tony rasps out. He wants - he had another ring made: similar to Maria's but more understated, one small diamond embedded in a golden band. A star to shine on Steve's hand, an anniversary gift with a promise of more years to come.
Carmine’s is a fancier place than Steve would usually be comfortable with, but Natasha’s friend had gotten them a table and they have a special service for dogs so Steve can slowly introduce the date to Liberty after dinner. Liberty paws at Steve’s legs when he leaves her with the clerk at the front desk, making Steve feel a twist of guilt for leaving her out front.
“Stop that,” Tony forces the words past the sudden tightness of his throat, “I’ll start to think you really mean it.”
“I don’t,” Tony throws his hands in the air. “Because they’re either sharks looking for a scandal or they’re looking for money. You turned down my money, and you’ve had every chance to go to the press after I told you about my mother.”
. Happy. Warm. Beautiful.
“Perfect,” Tony steps aside to let Sam pass through the ER’s glass doors, and he smiles at the tall firefighter, “now I get deal with this pest.”
“He’s done more for this country than you have with your trinkets, you’d do well to be more like him.”
Steve refuses for an argument to be the last thing - the last time he ever sees Tony.
in those pantsuits.”
“Sourpatch, he sent letters.”
Take deep breaths. Follow the rules.
Stark snorts, loud enough that the nurses and other doctors glance curiously their way. He stifles it quickly, grinning again at Steve. “If you say so, Captain. Now, unless – ”
