‘-Yes they generally are in a fight to the death,’ Loki rolls his eyes. ‘Are we going to continue talking or get on with it?’
‘Wanda? That you?’ his tongue feels too big in his mouth and the words are a little slurred but he thinks they’re intelligible.
‘I know,’ he smiles reassuringly. ‘Last Christmas we all had together my friend and I went a bit overboard too and drove everyone insane trying to get the damn thing back. Where’s your car?’
When she’s gone Peter stifles a yawn. ‘I think we should head off too, Wade,’ he says tiredly, letting his head fall onto the mercenary’s shoulder. ‘I’m beat.’
‘What the hell does that have to do with anything?’ Bucky’s voice isn’t quite as bitter as it was earlier, which Tony takes as a good sign.
Tony just sits back, watching the teenager happily move around his work station reaching for the various different chemicals he’d asked them to get in. He’s experimenting on his web fluid, the lab coat they’d ordered for him is sitting around his shoulders, goggles on his face and he’s still chatting away about the training session he had with Natasha that morning. He’s been talking about it for two hours non-stop.
Steve makes a thoughtful noise. ‘I might get Nat to take a look into it, see if we can work out if it was Monty.’
‘Can we get back to the dance please?’ Steve cuts across the argument, looking the most uncomfortable Loki has ever seen him.
‘Tony,’ Steve’s face is now serious, ‘you can’t tell me you’re going to encourage a relationship between a
‘Spider senses remember?’ he says with a smile. ‘I can tell that stuffs heading towards me super early. Come on let’s have a film marathon. What do you want to watch?’
‘No! Mr Stark!’ Peter tries to get to his feet but someone hits the back of his head with something hard and he sees stars, trying to fight the darkness threatening to claim him. ‘Tony!’ he calls out.
‘I am Groot,’ comes the reply from the tree next to him, who is playing on a games console similar to one Thor has seen Peter play on.
It’s a brown haired teenager now, flanked by Steve’s best friend and the man he’d walk through hell to keep safe. ‘Ready when you are.’
‘Ow! Alright, alright,’ he puts her down and closes the baby gate to the kitchen. ‘Geez, there’s no need to damage my hearing. Hey! No! No don’t play with that. That is not a toy that is my- mph!’ Rosie manages to get his web shooter, which
The German representative turns to him. ‘He is currently meeting with your President,’ he replies. ‘Once he is finished there he will come here for our discussion.’
Loki had all put their foot down and left him in no uncertain terms that he couldn’t visit Jotunheim until everything has settled down with Thanos. If they thought the kid had sulked before it was
Tony is stood in front of another tunnel exit that came out to the left of where their one enters, his suit is in place and he’s watching the fight in the middle; opposite them is a single Jotun standing against the wall, apparently overseeing the fight. In the last exit of the chamber stand the remaining two Jotun. In the centre are two others, one of which Bucky recognises as Loki’s half-brother; the other takes him a moment to place before he recognises Loki in his Jotun form.
‘Don’t mention it, Scott. I owe you big time.’ Once they’d gone into the elevator, Steve puts a hand on his shoulder. ‘We need to get the team together and let them know what’s happened. No one leaves the facility alone, not until we’ve got Hammer in a jail cell
‘It is,’ Peter says, ‘that’s how we’ve reached an agreement. Venom and me. We’re trusting each other to get through this. And then…then we’ll work it out.’
‘Bullshit, but I understand if you don’t want to talk about it,’ the man says, walking over to him and putting his arm around his shoulders. ‘You know we’re all here if you ever do though, right?’
‘The Jotuns are the sworn enemies of our people,’ another of the crowd responds. ‘No wonder he betrayed you, my king. We should not allow the traitor to live! A Frost Giant at the heart of Odin’s household? It’s an abomination! They must have switched him with your brother when he was a baby.’
‘Well not at the start. I was checking out some wankers we thought were with HYDRA, then I saw them give these cock-wipes a package and the energy signature was familiar so I followed them.’
‘Fuck,’ Wade says again, pushing Peter away from him and taking a few steps back. ‘No, no, no I can’t be doing this. You’re
‘What are you talking about? All the tests were fully operational and functioned as well as a human arm, if not better in some aspects.’ The smile falling from his face again.
‘What the hell?’ they look up to see Sam standing in the doorway with a shocked look on his face. ‘What have you two been doing?’
Thank you so much again to everyone for your continued support with this story. I'm enjoying writing this series so much and it is honestly mostly because of all you wonderful people!
‘Err… yeah right. Can I just say you’re really screwing with my spidey-sense and this is so not fair.’ He barely misses the punch that Vision throws at him, and he hears it crack the wall where his head had been. ‘Dude, not so hard! I want a face left at the end of this.’
‘Don’t even think about saying that’s not where you were going,’ Natasha cuts off whatever Sam is about to say. ‘Because we all know you were.’
‘Oh. Wait one moment,’ he opens a portal next to them, and Natasha’s surprised face can be seen on the other side. ‘Please come and join us, Widow.’
‘It was my pleasure, Captain,’ he replies. ‘But when you return remember what I said: don’t let something tear you apart again. For all our sakes.’
‘I’m sure there is a good explanation as to how you convinced Jotunheim to join us,’ Thor laughs as he swings his new weapon and cleaves enemies in two, ‘but I suspect it shall have to wait until after we have achieved glorious victory, brother.’
‘Francis you mother fucker, I should have known you’d be here!’ Wade yells, heading after the man as he begins to back up towards an exit.
‘Yeah come on Spidey, I heard most of your report. I doubt directing tourists to Central Park is fucking taxing.’ There’s a slight pause. ‘Is it to do with the hostage situation the other day?’
‘Yeah, just in a way I’m going to miss this place,’ she laughs. ‘You two going to wait at the facility for us to get back or you going to wait at home?’
Tony throws his hands in the air. ‘Peter do you realise what you got yourself into? Hammer was trying to kidnap you, he brings soldiers to your school, and when we’re trying to come and help you, you take it upon yourself to bring a mercenary with a frankly sketchy history of mental stability into the middle of said firefight.’
anything for certain,’ Wade snaps. ‘Hell, I’m just being honest here we have no fucking clue what is going on. HYDRA have disappeared into thin air and they’ve taken back the two members of this team they helped create.’
Someone manages to pin him against themselves, arms wrapping around his torso and pinning his arms in place, legs trapped beneath theirs. The voice is strange though. They’ve never tried to sound comforting before.
‘Hello,’ Steve replies, and tries to ignore the sniggering from the bed. ‘You really weren’t joking when you said you’d get it all sorted were you?’
‘Right, sorry. Yeah I’ve met him a few times on patrol. He’s not taking jobs in the city, he’s just… I don’t know. I think he wants a new start.’
One swing of that alien’s club has him spinning into the side of a building. Once he’s righted himself he glares at his attacker through the suit. ‘Ok. Now I’m pissed.’ He fires up the repulsor arms from the back of his suit and sends some shots into his enemy’s face, seeing him lurch back and roar in surprise, before swinging out with the club again, which Tony only just manages to avoid. Meanwhile Steve is running towards them, using a car as a springboard to launch onto the alien’s back and attempts to put it into a choke hold. Strange and Wong are engaging the other one, who appears to be using his own brand of magic.
‘Aha!’ Peter holds up the ice cream tub in victory and grabs two spoons from a drawer. ‘Because I’m a genius?’
There’s so many good memories in the training room now, starting from his first days as an Avenger right the way through to today. Even if they are preparing for an alien invasion and the potential end of the world.
‘I sleep better with you here,’ he admits. Steve doesn’t say anything, just adjusts them both on the bed and pulls the covers over them. ‘You don’t have to ask to come in here you know.’
he grins down the link before sighing as first T’Challa and then Steve launch themselves into the middle of the fighting. ‘You know,’ he says through the comms, ‘I know how Stevie stayed alive through the war: me shooting every damn bastard who tried to take a pot-shot at him. How the hell has he survived since if this is the kind of shit he’s
‘Alright, kids, everyone gather round,’ Steve greets the class as they approach the assault course, ‘we thought you’d all want to be together for this one seeing as you’re going to have to help each other out a bit.’
A/N: Hi everyone! I'm doing double updates from now on so I shall leave this and go and get the next chapter ready to post!
‘Err…’ Peter takes his phone out of his pocket and then groans. ‘Oops. I forgot to charge it last night. I must have run out of battery.’
Steve’s face starts to turn pink and Tony has to try to keep back his grin. ‘I don’t see why we can’t just get someone else to do it.’
‘Don’t you worry, Peter, I made sure there’s plenty of food made for tonight’s dinner,’ Mama Rhodes reassures him.
‘Yeah. You alright? You’ve been out a bit longer than me. I was starting to worry you wouldn’t wake up.’ It sounds like there’s tears in her voice.
‘Nah, if it was Uncle Rhodey the Honeybear just had to glare at the monsters to make them run away. Just like he does with Dad,’ Peter counters.
‘What do you mean you were on a school trip?’ Tony demands. ‘You didn’t tell me you were on a trip today.’
The only times he enters the training room is if someone has hurt themselves and doesn’t think it’s serious enough to head to the medical wing but still want to get it checked. Or in the case of Tony Stark: doesn’t want to go to the medical wing at all but knows the team will tell him off if someone with some medical training doesn’t take a look at his injury. Sometimes Bruce really wants to question the label ‘genius’ for that man.
well indeed. ‘Wade what are you doing? If you think I’m going to stand here and have an argument over this you’ve got another-mph!’
, Stark,’ Bucky’s voice rises as he continues to talk. Then, in a much softer, more broken tone: ‘I killed your parents.’
‘I’ll keep him distracted,’ Tony flies in front of the alien just as he manages to get the webbing off of his face and fires repulsor shots into its face. ‘Come on Frankenstein, take your best shot,’ he says, weaving in front of it and continuing to fire repulsors at its face.
‘Pleasure to meet you Sergeant Barnes,’ Stephen says, snapping his folder of notes shut. ‘I don’t intend for you to be the patient to break my perfect record, so I suggest you prepare yourself to recover.’
‘I don’t deserve you, Baby Boy,’ Wade crushes him against his chest, holding on painfully tight and Peter knows he’s trying to hold back tears.
He compromises, knowing the soldier’s stubbornness rivals his own, and looks down at his lap rather than out of the window. The mattress dips from Steve’s weight as he moves to sit next to Tony’s knees. Then a hand is on the side of his face, gently urging him to look up and wiping away one of the tear tracks.
‘I’ll make a point to prove it to you. Although…perhaps I should not do so too much whilst Wade is around or I may find myself at risk of losing appendages.’
He’s never been known for his sensible ideas so it’s no surprise they don’t decide to turn up now. Before he can consider any other course of action Tony begins walking forwards and saying a sequence of ten Russian words that he knows are forever etched in his memory.
‘Hey guys, mind if I stay with you on this trip? I’m getting a bit fed up of Flash’s comments,’ she admits, with a shy smile at Ned.
She smiles a little at that. ‘Alright, alright. Now go to the bar and loosen up you lot, you’re all becoming worriers. There’ll be lines forming on your faces before you’re back if you aren’t careful.’
‘I understand if you don’t want to talk about it yet, Tony. But I wanted you to know that I’d worked it out and you don’t have to feel like you can’t talk about it. I promise not to use it as an excuse to try and beat up Cap during a training session.’
‘Can I come in?’ his answer comes in the form of the door opening with tendrils of red light. He walks in, pressing the door closed behind him with his hip.
‘I mean I literally had five seconds to take it in before the next bombshell hit, so I’m sorry my brain didn’t start thinking of other possibilities when I’m trying to process the fact that Tony Stark is now your legal guardian.’ Harry tilts his head in thought. ‘Although thinking about it, when you came out as bi to me and we were talking about different guys you did always go for the broad-shouldered type like-’
he keep his promise? Made when he didn’t think there was the faintest chance that his friend could become the mindless instrument in front of him once again.
better at it than I am, Nat’s not the best when it comes to scientific jargon. She’s going to need you to help make sense of a lot of stuff.’
‘What you still doing up, Cap?’ he asks, voice a little husky from tiredness, looking over towards the kitchen area.
‘Tony you son of a bitch,’ Bucky laughs down the ear piece as he hears Natasha make her way down the stairs behind him. When she’s drawn level with him he thinks the smirk on her face is probably a match for his own; she takes the paper and saunters the distance between him and Ross, holding out the paper for him to take.
‘How about we go get some breakfast,’ Steve suggests, ‘and discuss this more up there? I’d rather keep work out of our bed if you don’t mind.’
‘Is he conscious?’ she asks, heart pounding in her chest as Vision puts another guard through the wall.
‘Oh come on the kid threatened to put me on my arse when I looked at the guy funny,’ Clint says, ‘either they’re brothers or there was something else going on. Not even Steve looked like that when someone threatened Bucky.’
my Captain,’ Steve frowns. ‘We’ve been temporarily assigned to his squad until we’re ready for active duty again. But I’m not going anywhere until Bucky’s alright. At this rate,’ Steve pauses and swallows past the lump in his throat.
‘You can’t take him on, Stark,’ Hammer spits at him, ‘he’ll bring the whole team down if you try. And then he’ll go for your
‘What is it Tony?’ the blond asks, looking up from his conversation with Vision. A few of them are sat having breakfast, he’s just finished a workout with Sam and Bucky and they’d come up to find Vision at the table. They still weren’t sure if he actually needed to eat, but he seemed to anyway.
Tony presses the arc reactor, putting his sunglasses into his jacket pocket as the nanites spread out to cover him. ‘Rhodey you and Bruce get the civilians out of harms way. Brucie baby? Try not to go green on us alright? Clint you think you can help without any- where the hell did those come from?’
‘I imagine he’ll be running me out of the city as soon as he realises I’m here anyway, Baby Boy. I’m surprised they haven’t been knocking at my door yet. Maybe I’m more subtle than I thought.’
This is the first of the stories that I'll be posting that are based around fairytales, some of them (like this one) are VERY loosely based on them, and others will be much more in line with the original stories. I know, it's more Stony. I feel like I should do something different so let me know if there's any particular pairings or pairings with a fairytale that you'd like to see!
‘I can’t leave him, Nat,’ he replies, going back to the front of the truck with the other two following close behind. ‘Not after Wakanda. I don’t care if he can come back-’
‘I’m certain we will,’ he nods, ‘especially when you consider all of the other food we’ll be making.’
‘He wasn’t supposed to be there at the shoot out,’ Peter says, ‘he was out of town on a job. But he turned up just as I was about to call Mr Stark for help and took out one of the gunmen.’
‘He turned down being an Avenger?’ she’s finding it a little difficult to take in all this information. ‘Why haven’t I seen him here?’
‘Fine,’ Peter huffs, crossing his arms over his chest, ‘I had a crush on my childhood friend before I even
She shakes her head on a small laugh. She catches sight of Peter as he exits the building with Ned and MJ and waves when he sees her; he turns to say goodbye to his friends and Wanda pushes herself off the fence she’s been leaning on. Hopefully they’ll be able to go soon, as much as she doesn’t actively listen to people’s thoughts sometimes they just think too loudly for her to be able to ignore, and schools are one of the worst places. Her powers have been a little temperamental since they faced Thanos in Wakanda which is making it harder for her to block them out; she can’t go down into the workshop when Tony’s working any more because he thinks too loudly and too quickly and it’s sure to give her a headache.
‘Let’s just hope they don’t take as long as you and Steve to work out there’s something good in front of them. For a genius you sure were pretty stupid.’
‘When you two first met on the Helicarrier I could see the sparks flying, I just didn’t know if either of you would ever act on it,’ she replies, then continues with what she had been saying before. ‘You and Steve always had
‘We were down the corridor but I could still hear what was said,’ he tries to keep his tone calm, though everything about the mercenary is screaming defensive. ‘Who is he, Wade?’
‘The worst you’re going to do is end up trashing a hotel room. That’s why you’ve got my card in your wallet.’
He does the only thing he can think of. He reaches up and pulls the man’s lips down to meet his own again, stifling the surprised sound as he kisses him. Wade’s arm tightens around his waist, his other arm cupping Peter’s cheek; both of Peter’s arms wrapped around the taller man’s neck.
Bucky sighs. ‘I wish you’d stay.’ Is the last thing Stephen hears before the ex-assassin walks past him and starts a conversation with Sam and Rhodes.
‘The latter,’ she rolls her eyes, ‘I’m trying to get him on a creative binge but he’s having none of it.’
Steve just smiles and shakes his head, he’s about to respond when Tony’s phone goes off and the man answers it. ‘Pepper! Wonderful timing. I need you up at the facility today. No, the terrible twins are behaving themselves today. Well now Steve’s back Bucky can terrorise him instead of me, and Rhodey just follows his lead. Plus I may have scared him with the Macarena protocol. I am being nice! Did you see my message on Ross? No I didn’t do anything stupid, Steve and I have just been to meet the Council. No they were apologising to us for once. I know right? So will you please come up to the facility tonight? I need help with PR. Yes the great Tony Stark is asking for help. Pepper just come up to the facility.’
Which, although they can be fun, are not as enjoyable as some of the stories he hears from the rest of the team. So he has yet to fully appreciate the apparent wonders the training room can possess.
There hadn’t even been that many incidents yet. Well apart from Bucky being chased around the majority of one floor after he’d tried to shove a wreath around the top of Sam’s head; Natasha having to break up a good natured argument between Peter and Steve about the best lights to use in the garlands in the hallway; Rhodes getting tangled up in some of the said lights whilst trying to help Natasha resolve the argument and nearly falling over; and Wanda and Tony arguing for the best place to put the mistletoe. Vision was sensibly phasing through walls as soon as any energy stared getting a little too high.
‘Wha- I think so? I’ve never held this form for long so I’m unsure how to do so, but I know Jotuns can usually create ice weapons as an extension of their limbs.’
-Yes well as entertaining as my comedy is, there are more pressing matters to attend to- and with that memories begin to flash across the back of his closed eyes. Memories of him and Steve playing as children, fighting in the war with the Commandos. Then some more recent ones: arriving back in the States, training with the team once everyone was back, kissing Tony in the lab.
Tony’s heart warms at the gesture. ‘We’ll see what updates there are when we get back, but I’ll take you up on it at some point I promise.’
‘Aww you’d tear down your lab just to stop little old me? I feel so special. This is much better than flowers and chocolates. I do think the traditional gifts are just so boring now aren’t they? So unimaginative.’
‘Thor you great oaf let go of me! I’m hurting you!’ he shouts as he hears the sound of singeing flesh. Thankfully his brother does as he is told and Loki pushes himself to the other side of the bed. ‘Give me a moment,’ he says in response to the crest-fallen expression on the blond’s face, taking a deep breath and concentrating on the well of magic he can feel restoring at his core. ‘There,’ he says, feeling his Asgardian form snap into place.
‘I really hate that film,’ Bucky mutters has he follows the inventor out. When Tony had first used the nickname he hadn’t understood the reference so Tony and Wanda had forced him to watch Frozen. It still made Tony smile at just how painful Bucky found the whole experience. The nickname was most definitely staying.
A/N: Hey everyone. Thank you so much for all the love for this story so far. I'm posting the second part of Christmas Eve now!
Steve comes next to him, putting an arm around his waist and replacing the picture on the piano. ‘Why was it so lonely here?’ he asks. ‘I thought you and Rhodey grew up together?’
Tony had told her he was working on a new link to FRIDAY for all of them from the field, so they could upload information straight to her servers rather than having to rely on taking flash drives or using his suit, he was working it into their comms devices. Natasha had had to use all of her training to hold back her excitement at the prospect. It would make her job a hell of a lot easier.
‘Because we found something you might want to check the cameras on,’ he replies, ‘down on the lower levels. They’ve got people down here.’
‘Can we order in?’ Clint suggests, making a point of sniffing under his armpits. ‘I’m not sure any of us are in a fit state to be seen in public.’
‘How are you guys able to talk whilst doing this?’ Sam puffs from behind them, ‘I can barely breathe enough to walk!’
‘Wakanda would certainly be more willing, and more able, to help and support the team under the new conditions,’ T’Challa agrees. ‘However with my role as king of Wakanda I do not think it would be a good idea for me to be one of the nominated leaders as there could be a conflict of interests.’
‘No more,’ Peter pants, barely able to hold on to his web as he lets himself down, hanging upside down from the web, using his feet to keep himself in place by attaching them higher up the web. ‘I will literally collapse if we try and do any more.’
He steps into the open doors and presses the button for floor ten, watching the number on the screen above the door slowly climb. He’s still lost in his thoughts when the doors open on floor ten and he nearly misses jumping out before they close again.
Peter thinks, his head on one side, then turns a grin to Wade. ‘Alright let’s do it. You got your snowballs ready?’
‘Tony’s words were along the lines of: we’d have to buy the equivalent of the Amazon rainforest in Christmas trees to stand a chance of denting his bank account, so we’re allowed to go crazy if we like,’ Steve sighs. ‘You ever been to cut down a tree before Quill?’
‘Come on,’ Ned’s pulling at his arm but Peter can’t look away from the merc, wishing he could take the other’s mask off.
Peter nods and then looks back down at the cover. ‘Well, I’m guessing you heard about the fact that when we got here Vision let it out the bag that I might be seeing someone.’
‘Vision?’ Steve asks quietly, as the conversation at the table starts up. ‘Where did Wanda take Sharon?’
Her joining the experiments had been one of the few times they’d had a proper argument, but she’d reminded him of their promise: “Where you go I go. Together, always.”
‘Maybe we should start calling him Papa Stark,’ Bucky suggests, the grin on his face threatening to break it in two.
‘I’ll fill them in when they get here,’ Rumlow replies, ‘this,’ he holds up the letter he was reading, ‘is an invite for the squad to the Stark Industries party next week.’
‘Pete,’ Tony cuts him off, voice a little hoarse, ‘of course I don’t mind. I…I’m not going to lie, kid, it sounds really awesome.’
‘I think I’d still rather be on a battlefield if I’m honest,’ Steve replies. ‘How do you propose I manage to relax enough to enjoy it?’
Bucky watches him leave and then turns his attention back to the sorcerer and the trickster; they seem to have become very friendly since Loki had gone to visit this morning and now Bucky’s worried he’s left it too long. Not that he
‘He told you no kissing?’ she laughs. ‘Ok in all seriousness, this guy is good. I’ll admit I’m still worried about the age gap, but considering he’s putting in rules like that I think he’s good.’
Tony leans back against the kitchenette counter, surveying the destruction in the common area. There’s wrapping paper everywhere, with piles of opened presents and plates, now mostly empty, that had been holding snacks and mince pies. He chuckles as he watches Peter taking a swipe at Bucky, only to be ambushed by Wade. The initially frosty pair had managed to bond over winding up the youngest team member. It had started with Wade trying to test how much the teenager’s wall-sticking ability applied to anything other than walls by throwing pieces of wrapping paper at him. As soon as some had become stuck he’d started throwing more and more at the teen, which caused the teen to become more and more aggravated, at which point Bucky had joined in. Apparently it was the new way to make friends.
‘I’ll keep them in line, honey,’ Steve assures him, ‘and Wanda will make sure Deadpool is still in one piece.’
‘Take care of yourself too, Valkyrie,’ Steve smiles at the woman, ‘we’d like to actually get to know you properly at some point. Though I’m not sure how much good you’ll do for Tony’s drinking habits.’
‘Loki says we should be grateful Thor wasn’t around to join in,’ Bucky says from where he’s on the floor behind the counter, ‘and that we shouldn’t mention it around him or there won’t be food left in the entire state.’
Loki, to Tony’s amusement, flushes. ‘I only did it once at the beginning to ensure they listened!’ he protests.
‘Past actions do not negate present ones,’ Ross cuts him off. ‘When Captain Rogers left he still had not answered for his crimes.’
Peter had been having the time of his life talking with the Jotuns about life on a different planet, and Bucky had had to hold in his laughter when Tony, Steve, Natasha
If possible, Tony’s smirk gets wider as he reaches into his jacket and pulls out his trump card. ‘I don’t care if it does or not, because I don’t need to release anything right now. See Rhodey and I paid a visit to the President; a wonderful guy, by the way, and still likes to keep in touch after we helped him during the whole Mandarin incident. You know the White House does these amazing cookies? I need to get the recipe sent over at some point. Anyway, we got talking about our blond friend back here,’ he jabs a thumb over his shoulder at Steve, who has been staying mercifully quiet throughout this whole exchange. Part of him wonders if Natasha is having something to do with that, but doesn’t want to risk looking back. ‘I may have expressed some nerves about just such a thing as this happening on his arrival back on US soil. Now it seems the President’s dear old dad was one of the men that Cap saved from Hydra on that solo mission I mentioned. Turns out he’s still really grateful about that, so he decided to write and sign an official pardon, just to make absolutely sure that the hero who saved his dad would stay free.’ Taking great delight with every word, Tony reads the pardon aloud, watching as Ross’ face goes from red to purple. ‘Nat? Do me a favour and show this to the Secretary? I wouldn’t want him to think I was making all of this up.’
died. But…there’s been those HYDRA shits that were coming to the bar and mentioning Ajax, then when I was on the mission before purple bollocks face turned up there were just so many things that were turning up that had
‘Why would I want to kidnap you?’ Steve asks, wondering who on earth he’s managed to stumble into. The guy is clearly a bit strange.
‘Well I don’t think there’s anything wrong with it,’ Wanda crosses her arms and leans against the wall next to the couple, ‘and if we’re so worried about age gaps how come no one’s saying anything about Steve being about sixty years older than Tony?’ Loki just about manages to stifle a laugh.
‘I thought you said we couldn’t do this for a year?’ he’s trying to be snarky, but is still breathless from the kiss and Wade can’t help but feel proud of that fact.
Wanda comes to his side and gives him a hug. ‘You don’t need to be scared today, Tony,’ she reassures him, ‘we’re all here with you.’
‘Wanda literally turned up with a new outfit after facing Agatha,’ Hope points out, ‘and Strange and her were acting like she’s a ticking time bomb, yet neither of them know enough of what the Scarlet Witch is to know what to do next. And the only one who knows anything disappeared after the shapeshifter got her out from under our noses.’
A/N: Hi everyone! Hope you enjoy these two updates. Thank you so much to everyone who has left comments and kudos. Please do let me know what you think of them!
‘Tony!’ Rhodes has entered behind them and caught sight of his friend. ‘Hammer you bastard what the hell have you done to him?’
Please do let me know what you think of these two chapters, I really do appreciate hearing your views and seeing if this is going in a way that sense to you as well as to me.
‘It is too late for platitudes and pleas of mercy now, brother,’ Lautenus growls. ‘Face me. Or are you now a cowardly Asgardian?’
‘Are you trying to egg them into a fight?’ Wanda hisses in his ear; he just waves the question off and goes to grab a cue.
‘But you already gave me a present, Steve,’ Tony sits up from his place on the bed, ‘I thought we agreed not to go overboard?’
‘Maybe we should hang up the shield and suit and let these two take over,’ Steve laughs, catching the apple that Wanda throws at his head. At the smile Steve sends him Tony can tell he’s as happy at this turn of events as he is.
‘Is something wrong with Strange?’ he asks, getting what amounts to a nod in response. ‘Lead the way.’ It flies along the corridor and Loki hurries after it, taking out his daggers and letting his armour fall into place as he follows.
‘I give up,’ Peter sinks to sit on the ground. ‘Shall I go see if anyone else can come and help or shall we try and do it ourselves?’
Thankfully, as far as Tony is concerned at any rate, they agree to leave the invasion and Accord related discussions in the briefing room and avoid talking about it when they leave to get the pizza that has finally arrived. Peter and Wade ran ahead earlier to go collect it, and Tony resists the urge to roll his eyes at the scowl Bucky sends the mercenary’s way.
‘Don’t you dare,’ he narrows his eyes at the doctor. ‘He doesn’t even know I’m planning to attend, he thinks Natasha is going in my place. I
They’re quiet for a moment, watching the team as they wait for the microwave to ping with the last bag for the second bowl. Natasha’s got fed up with the boys’ arguing and has sorted out the pillows herself; Bucky and Sam are trying to steal popcorn from the bowl and keeping the others away at the same time, but Peter’s sitting on the ceiling and dropping down by his webs every so often to steal some as Wanda distracts them. The two youngest members of the team sharing the spoils, and Wanda’s sharing some of their hard earned treats with Vision.
Tony laughs. ‘Fair point, kid. So I take it from your downcast expression and the topic of our conversation that Deadpool is spending Christmas alone and you wish he could be here?’
‘You’re no fun; you listen to Steve way too much,’ she grumbles, ‘taking the sensible option. Can you
Wanda turns to concentrate on stabilising Vision’s wound, as Tony looks back at the fight to see Steve and Wong both get pushed backwards and the alien come running towards him. ‘Oh joy,’ he says. ‘Buzz off gobo,’ he says, sending some blasts flying at the alien which makes him veer off course.
Rumlow stomps back into the living area, pulling Steve from his thoughts, Blake and Andrew behind him looking curious, followed by Sam who looks more than a little annoyed at being dragged out.
Natasha nods and sips at her coffee. ‘I get it. Get each of them their own reputation that is as safe as possible, so if anything does happen with Ross like last night there’ll be backlash from the public not just from the Council.’ She smirks at him over her mug. ‘You want to start a proper PR war.’
Natasha rolls her eyes at Steve’s muttered ‘Language.’ Tony turns to leave but Peter scrambles to his feet.
‘No Tony,’ Steve says, placing his hands on the shorter man’s shoulders. ‘Please let me do this. You came into my life like some kind of Prince Charming and saved my best friend’s life, got me out from under Rumlow and gave us all a job here. Just let me do something back for you.’
Suddenly Peter feels tired. The week of being distracted, of forgetting homework assignments and playing catch up, of nights with little or no sleep that are filled with nightmares when he actually does, worrying what Mr Stark is going to say at the weekend, it all catches up to him. Somehow, before the
A/N: Hi everyone. So who was expecting that little turn of events? I had to throw in a curve ball from somewhere other than the shows and the films after all! Just to clear up for those who may not be aware: in the comics Vanessa is a shapeshifting mutant known as Copycat who Deadpool and the X-Men occasionally face and/or work with. For those die-hard comic fans I am not going to be sticking to comic story-lines because I don't know enough about them so please cut me some slack. I like finding out these things about the characters and finding my own way to work the principle into these stories.
‘No,’ Wanda argues. ‘I found out they aren’t staying at the facility, and I damaged the building which should help slow them down.’
There’s a rumbling sound. A little like thunder, and a little like an out of control train. Everyone on the battlefield pauses, as a kaleidoscope of colour shoots down from the sky. The skies above them turn dark and angry, and lightning flashes. Tony can’t help but grin.
‘Stomach and back ache like mad,’ he responds, he notices Bucky looks a little sheepish. ‘But they’ll be fine in a couple of hours.’
Steve lands a punch which knocks the attacker out and looks up to see Ross and two other soldiers jumping out of the building. ‘Tony!’ he shouts. The red suit flashes past the gap in the wall, off in pursuit of the escaping trio.
‘You take after your Mom then.’ Peter states, looking at one of the other pictures. One of Howard receiving a medal for his service during the war.
‘Sure why not? We’ve enough toppers to put on that most people will have a go. Just take it up the top and try not to knock Tony on the way up,’ she answers.
‘I knew you’d dodge,’ comes the reply and Peter’s pretty sure he hears a shrug as well. Or that could be him priming for another punch.
Bucky looks at the doorway where Loki is leaning against the frame. ‘You really need to ask now?’ he looks back down, knowing his question is unfair.
‘Err… yeah alright,’ is the reply, the lawyer looking flustered for possibly the first time Peter has seen.
‘Oh they never do,’ Sam laughs. ‘Hang on, everyone’ll kill me if I don’t tell you’re on the phone.’ His head disappears and then they hear him yelling down the corridor. ‘Hey! Guys! Mama Rhodes is on the phone!’
‘Whatever you say,’ he shakes his head and then moves away to join Rhodes at the breakfast bar, where the other man is pouring drinks.
‘And tried to kill him! Before that you would have been happy to leave him to rot in a cell in a government facility somewhere. You didn’t even give a damn if he was innocent or not.’
Peter frowns as he recognises the inside of the Stark jet. Happy’s voice comes through the speakers. ‘You handle the suit. I’ll handle the music.’
‘No, Tree, it is not idiotic it is necessary,’ Thor responds to him. ‘Thanos is attempting to collect all the Infinity Stones and I must replace Mjolnir with a weapon that can destroy the Titan.’
Deadpool sighs again and nods. ‘Ugh. We’re so having a talk about how you’ve kept being a baby model away from me for this long.’
‘I’m surprised he’s admitting how much support he needs,’ she says, ‘he doesn’t like to admit to you that he can’t do something.’
to be going out and dating alright? No one is going to be good enough for you, and even if you think they are then we’ve got to have the whole team run a check on them, because we’ll know if they’ve ever stuck gum under a table and if they’ve done something like that you never know if they’ll do something worse in the future. So anyone you want has to got to go through us first. Save yourself the trouble and apply for a nunnery. But yes, back to my Mommy Spider: she’s the best. She’ll sit and give you a hug if you’re feeling crappy, and she’ll teach you ballet – and by the way she is an
‘He’s after the stones?’ the male who looks to be human asks, the green skinned woman at his side narrows her eyes.
Monica lets out a bark of laughter. ‘My mother wouldn’t have grounded me, she knew I’d better work through it if I had work to occupy me. But he wanted me out of the way so he could work on getting comfortable in her old position.’
‘Do I want to know?’ he asks, then cuts himself off with a laugh as Wanda levitates over his cake, seventeen candles burning on the top. The whole thing is decorated like his Spider-Man suit. The team start singing and he can’t help the huge grin on his face.
Wade smiles back and raises his near empty beer bottle in a toast. ‘Wouldn’t dream of it my beautiful Widow.’
‘Right sure thing, Mr Stark,’ he briefly repeats what he told Sam. ‘Thing is Mr Stark these are sounding more like Vulture’s weapons I’m sure of it. But it’s not quite the same. Sort of like alien tech went into it, but different to what I’ve heard before.’
‘Do you not understand the meaning of the phrase “fuck off” now or something?’ Tony’s voice is still quiet, he’s sitting on the end of the bed, still wearing what he came off the ship in, staring down at his hands.
‘It was all of our faults, Steve,’ Bucky says. ‘And it was kind of all over me so yeah I feel I own a big chunk of the responsibility.’
Peter shrugs, then remembers the man can’t see the gesture. ‘Well I guess I can’t expect you to keep my identity secret if I won’t do the same for you.’
Quill opens the window enough for Sam to be able to fly through, before following him out and the two of them speed across the air to the cover of the trees. Wanda’s plan had been very simple really: everyone on their team had strengths which lent themselves to outmanoeuvring their opponents, so they’d been given basically free reign to make their way towards the other team’s flag. Wanda has stayed with their flag, arguing she should be able to contain anyone who came to try and take it; Valkyrie, Wade and Rhodes are guarding the front door, and Carol the back door. Mantis had offered to patrol the corridors in case anyone managed to slip through; Natasha and Steve had gone in the opposite direction to them. No one was entirely sure where Hope had disappeared to.
‘Why are you giving it to me?’ she asks, looking down at the weapon that fits perfectly into her smaller hands.
Rhodes chuckles. ‘Just as long as I can DJ so I don’t get pulled onto the dancefloor I’d say I agree with that suggestion.’
‘So, while you shacked up with Spider-Man, poor old Vanessa here had to deal with a broken heart, feeling abandoned. Unloved. Discarded.’
‘Come on,’ Peter says to his friends and half runs down the aisle and down the steps. ‘Nat!’ he runs and gives her a hug, causing the assassin to let out an ‘oomph’ and a laugh. ‘I thought you were still in Wakanda until the weekend?’
Tap. Then he lifts his finger for a second. Taps and rests it on the reactor for a split second, two quick taps, and then again with the tap and rest before lifting it for a second. Tap, two tap and rests, tap. Lift. Three tap and rests. Lift.
‘All the bad guys too scared to deal with the Spider-Man now?’ Deadpool teases, listing up his mask just enough to let him eat one of the tacos he’d brought with him. It had taken them a while to get to the stage where the merc was comfortable enough to eat around Peter; he’d never asked if the scars covered more than just his face, nor what had happened to give him them. Deadpool was obviously not comfortable about them, so he avoided mentioning them as much as possible. Not that they phased him at all.
‘Pepper’s in with him now, I imagine he’s in a worse state than you are,’ she laughs, straightening his jacket and tucking a strand of hair behind his ear. ‘Now do you want to be out there waiting for him or be the last one out?’
‘At this point I don’t think they’re any more likely to listen to me than they are you, Pete, but I’ll try,’ Steve sighs.
‘I got you, kid,’ Steve reassures him, the blond’s hand tightening around his own in an almost punishing grip. ‘I’ll swing you the rest of the way, Pete.’
Despite all of that, though, the whole group were happy and chatting together as they finished up their lunch of sandwiches, which Vision had grabbed Rhodes to help him make.
‘You will not take my prize from me,’ Proxima hisses, and launches herself over the combined Jotun and Wakandans blocking her path.
‘Yep,’ Peter presses a kiss to Wade’s lips again before moving out of his arms. ‘But I’m your brat.’
Loki gives him a half smile and looks at him out of the corner of his eye. ‘Some of your dream-memories came through the link.’
The grin on the teenager’s face could have split it in half. ‘Are you serious? Dr Banner that’d be so awesome! I’ve loved reading your papers for years! Like how did you even think to try using gamma radiation with-’
‘Just answer the question, Steve,’ Tony tries very hard not to snap. ‘Please?’ He adds in a softer tone.
‘I never thought anything would be more irritating than Thor’s attempts at singing, but the so called music your stores play in December wins the competition,’ the trickster grumbles.
‘We could do with one in the dining room this year,’ Bucky muses, ‘we’ve certainly got enough decorations, and it’d be nice to have one when we’re eating.’
‘Huh,’ the dark haired man raises his eyebrows at that, ‘I was genuinely expecting more of an argument over that one considering everything before.’
‘Only one way to find out,’ he grins. Then, before he can register what he’s doing he’s pressed his lips against Wade’s again in a quick kiss. He turns and runs before Wade can say anything. ‘Come on, we’ve got some spies to beat!’
‘This better not be some weird way of saying the interior décor sucks,’ Tony mutters, glancing at the clock and surprised to see it’s nearly three in the morning. ‘Hey FRIDAY didn’t I tell you to let me know when it got to midnight?’
‘Thank you,’ he says, letting the comforting warmth from the man’s body finally ease away a lot of the tension he’d been feeling since he was taken. Acting on impulse, he pulls the hand that Steve has resting on his stomach to lie over the arc reactor.
‘Pleasure’s all mine, Widow,’ the mercenary comes into view, walking past Steve and the others, and putting his gun away. ‘I don’t take kindly to people threatening my friends. That one’s for my Baby Boy, asshole.’
‘Course I am, Steve’ll be too busy to notice and we’re not going to get through enough to get you drunk if it took a couple of bottles of Vodka last time.’
‘Tony,’ T’Challa enters as Loki takes a seat on the sofa on one side of Wade, Peter taking a seat on the other; Loki notices Bucky’s frown and grins, raising his glass at the soldier, which only earns him a glare. ‘I wanted to propose something.’
‘Please don’t do anything,’ he mumbles as Tony’s hold on him begins to relax. He’s still too embarrassed to look up at anyone in the room.
He half considers grabbing one of the crappy cafeteria coffee’s for Bucky, but decides he’s already wasted enough of Steve’s time to waste any more taking a cheap shot at the dark haired man. Besides he’s going to be in enough trouble as it is.
Strange smirks. ‘No, Wong has been called back to Kamar-Taj. Apparently some of the new students have created an issue in the library, and as the temple’s librarian Wong has to go and sort it out. I pity the students, it wouldn’t surprise me if he turns
There’s a big round of applause for Peter as the boy blushes bright red and then retakes his seat. Steve doesn’t hear much from the remaining presentations, but does remember to clap at the end of each one.
‘Sounds like Steve might actually be losing his temper,’ Bucky chuckles, bringing in another box filled with fruit to be prepared.
Peter huffs in annoyance at himself, then takes a steadying breath and nods. ‘Yeah, just give me a second.’ Once he’s calmed himself down he does as Bucky suggested and closes his eyes, taking a few deep breaths.
‘The amount of time he spends listening to everything you tell him Tony it’s a wonder he’s still as nice a kid as he is,’ Rhodes says from his spot on the couch.
‘Only that he wants to tear the Avengers apart,’ he replies, ‘reclaim the two assets they’ve stolen from us, and take his own revenge.’
‘Sorry I didn’t warn you,’ he mutters to the merc, ‘but she really wanted to meet you and I knew you’d freak out if I warned you.’
Except when Tony had asked Steve that question he’d just been answered with a raised eyebrow, fond smile and shake of the head. So he’s not entirely sure
Thor lands next to Steve from where he’d been outside helping Tony and Rhodes. He hangs his head. ‘I apologise, T’Challa,’ his voice is grave, ‘they managed to reach their ship and their magic user was with them and concealed them from our sight.’
He hears the hiss of the doors ahead of him and quickens his pace, hearing a yawn as Tony emerges from the workshop, blearily rubbing his eyes.
‘Wade put the wreath on the damn door,’ Peter sighs. ‘Bucky stop trying to strangle Wade with the lights! You know that won’t work.’
Natasha appreciates the chance to celebrate and tries to stop thoughts of what is to come from ruining her evening
‘We’re together, Wanda,’ Bucky reassures her, ‘no matter how hard they try it won’t be easy to break us because we’re here together.’
Natasha looks confused then her face slips in a smile and she comes round his side of the work station. ‘I have no idea what you’re talking about, Tony Stark,’ she says, ‘but then I’m used to that by now. I trust you,’ she presses a kiss to his cheek. ‘Thank you. I don’t think I deserve to have this, but it means a lot that you think I do.’
‘Ever feel like you’re surplus to requirement, Spangles?’ Tony quips as Wanda starts outlining the basic plan for the day.
‘Peter, we all make mistakes on missions. Things go wrong,’ Steve’s voice is tight, ‘hell we wouldn’t be in the position we’re in now if we were all perfect. The important thing is we put them right when they do go wrong. Out of all of us, you’re the one who has shown that the most, and hell kid you’re still younger than most of us were when we started in our roles. Except perhaps, Nat.’
‘Why is it my fault they dragged you shopping?’ Bucky demands from his spot on the wall that Peter’s webbed him to, one hand trying to prise off the webs from his metal arm and chest.
his fault, but just make sure you don’t blind yourself to Tony’s faults, kid. As much as I love Tony, he is a live wire and he needs to be told when to stop.’
come first for me, even before I realised it.’ Natasha nods and gives him a soft smile before turning back to watch the two soldiers. ‘I did wonder if you two would get together you know,’ he says.
Steve chuckles, and Tony is startled to find a couple of butterflies making their home in his stomach at the sound. Before he has chance to think too much about it the blond has a smirk on his face and lets go long enough to spin him around before bringing him back into his arms. And if Tony is a little closer to the soldier than he was before then he isn’t going to say anything.
Peter swallows back his fear, hearing the sounds of shouting downstairs. He raises his hands and steps forwards.
Clint nods. ‘Yeah I know, I got a look at you when you pulled the whole mind control thing just like you did with me. Taken me a long time to work out just what it is I learned though, and I very much doubt I even brushed the surface.’ They’re silent for a few minutes, though it’s not as tense as their interactions have been in the past. ‘Thing is, I realised I wasn’t exactly setting the best example to my kids, by not trying to move on. How can I expect them to forgive each other and us when we make mistakes if I can’t do the same for someone else?’
‘The Soul Stone has been lost for eons,’ Thor explains, ‘so that at least is safe from him. We have the other three here and we need to make sure he does not get them.’
Bucky unzips his hoodie and throws it in the back to Peter. ‘Take off the coffee stained shirt and stick that on, kid. Otherwise Tony’ll think I’m the one throwing drinks over you.’
‘Oh yeah she did that to me,’ Tony laughs as he enters the room behind Peter. ‘Just give her a minute.’
Steve steps forwards, taking charge. ‘Wanda, you and Nat stay here in case he comes back and we miss him. Tony, Vision and Rhodes can check inside the building. You guys know him best and the places he’s most likely to try and hide away here. Bucky, Sam and I will check outside. Anyone finds anything you get FRIDAY to let us know. Meet back here in an hour.’
‘Promises, promises,’ Clint mutters and Tony gives him a look which has the archer rolling his eyes.
‘And tell her she’s flying on the Stark jet and no arguments,’ he cuts off his friend, already getting out his phone to type instructions. ‘I’m only trusting them to look after her properly. We’re having a proper Avengers Christmas right here.’
‘We didn’t take into account the fact you’re keeping your identity secret,’ Tony continues, ‘when we invited your school here, and we should have done. We didn’t think about what the impact could be on you. In our defence our resident mind reader is on a study vacation in Kamar-Taj until this weekend.’
Loki just smiles and shakes his head fondly. Each visit it gets harder to leave this group of miscreants behind as their bonds strengthen.
‘I don’t think he meant to, but he had some of the drink Valkyrie made for me not realising what was in it.’
The end of the day, however, is bringing fraying tempers. With no leads, and everyone tired from a day of cleaning, there’s more than one face showing a frown.
‘And just to be safe,’ Tony adds as he and Steve join them all, ‘I’ve put a special protocol in place so FRIDAY will intervene if it looks like it’s getting close to an accidental reveal.’
‘I was hoping you could help me decide on what gift to get Wanda this year,’ the humanoid admits, ‘I’m afraid I’m having some difficulty in deciding what to do.’
‘Of course she did,’ he sighs, ‘I think my sister is just as fond of you as Nakia is. I apologise in advance for her enthusiasm.’
‘You’d be better off speaking to Nat about that,’ Steve says, putting an arm around him and pulling him close as he sits on the sofa, handing over the bowl of blueberries he’d requested a couple of minutes earlier.
‘Shell exploded,’ Tony shrugs, ‘when I came to I was in a cave, a magnet in my chest and a car battery powering the magnet.’ Then he tells him about the time spent as a captive in Afghanistan, about Yinsen and making the first suit, and briefly what happened with Stane when he returned. For the large part Bucky is silent and unmoving, only occasionally asking questions, though avoiding any related to the arc reactor that had once kept him alive.
‘Just your word would have sufficed,’ he reassures him. They are standing near the doors to the balcony, Loki having been taking a small break from the pandemonium caused by so many enthusiastic people in one room. Honestly his brother can be worse than the children at times.
‘My king,’ the female Jotun speaks again, ‘you are the only one of Laufey’s line left; if you do not take the throne our world will be plunged into a civil war whilst rivals fight over the throne. I, for one, would rather the stability of a continued succession.’
getting shot by the frankly terrifying guns the group were holding. Everyone who’d been shot had all been burnt to shells.
Steve grabs Tony and pushes them both down to the floor between the two rows of chairs, half-covering him with his own body.
‘Here you go, Pete,’ Natasha tears the piece of paper and hands it over to him. ‘Try not to get into any trouble.’
‘It’s usually best not to argue with him on these things,’ he advises, ‘otherwise he starts threatening to tell Cap all these things you didn’t even realise he knew.’
‘Harry Osborne,’ the brunette folds his arms over his chest, staring Flash down with a look that is remarkably like his father’s, ‘since you’re so obsessed with your own importance maybe you’ve heard of my dad: Norman Osborne, owner of Oscorp.’ Peter has to try not to laugh at the way Flash’s eyes bug out of his head. ‘You might think that you and your crowd of spoilt brats is who I should be spending my time with, because money should stay with money right? Well you can piss off, Thompson, I’ve spent years around false people like you and I’d rather have Pete as a friend. He at least will only be friends with you if he likes
‘I take it you did, right? Although how could the reactor kill you if it was in your suit?’ Bucky asks.
‘Who did you get to take a look at them? Was it Pepper?’ Steve asks, curiosity entering his voice and some of the ‘Captain’ tone leaving it.
Peter tries to keep the smile off his face as he lifts the mask enough to eat. He doesn’t do a very good job of it. But at least there’s an answering one when he offers the box to the merc.
‘- and secondly, it wasn’t the same two children you were throwing. One of those guys nearly broke my back!’
There’s silence for a while. ‘You’ve done well, Pete,’ Natasha says eventually. ‘I’ll admit I’m impressed. Keep me updated if you hear anything else, but you
‘I know,’ Steve says, and can’t find any reason to justify following so stays where he is as Wanda disappears with the floating woman.
Tony hurries over to join them, his Iron Man suit falling away so he can shrug his jacket off and put it around his friend’s now shivering form. ‘Hey Brucie Bear.’
‘It’s not that I don’t think he’s capable of doing something nice for people,’ Steve hurries to explain. ‘It’s just…’ he struggles to find the words for what he’s feeling.
‘He said I couldn’t do it,’ he gestures with a thumb over his shoulder to a grumpy looking teenager leaning against a wooden railing. ‘Proved him wrong.’
Hi everyone. I'm updating two chapters a week for the next few weeks as this story is already posted on fanfiction.net and I'm a couple of chapters ahead on there. I'll have caught up soon though, so don't worry.
Steve shakes his head then turns back to the gathered students. ‘This is just to give you a taster of the kind of physical training that the soldiers and agents we work with go through, and the kind of teamwork we expect from them and from anyone on the Avengers.’
‘Oh come on, you know I can be worse than this. This is me being friendly.’ Peter has to bite his tongue
Please do let me know what you think and thank you to everyone who is reading this story and sticking with it.
‘It was certainly tiring I’ll say that for it,’ Steve agrees, staying where he is at the door and watching the dark haired man.
‘We should- we should get back before they send out a search party,’ Tony says, clearing his throat as he takes a few steps back.
Clint’s quiet while he digests this information. ‘Maybe, but we’ll never know unless he gets those memories back. It doesn’t matter though, because she associates that relationship with too much heartbreak and blood to go back to it.’
There’s a laugh from behind him. ‘Yeah I reacted much the same way when he first saw my face; I swear this guy has
‘No!’ Tony, Bucky, Natasha and Wade all chorus at the same time. Peter just pouts and crosses his arms.
‘My money’s on Mantis,’ Tony says, ‘she’s definitely not been around alcohol before and she’ll feed off everyone else; either that or Rocket or Groot simply based on body mass.’
‘Peter!’ Strange is kneeling next to him, rubbing his back and speaking calmly, getting him to breathe and stop hyperventilating.
And of course everyone wants to know: does Tin Can still die? How do they beat Thanos? Well we still get the stones to the Iron Gauntlet, but its yours truly who plays the hero and snaps his fingers. So saving Tin Can, the universe, wiping out Thanos, oh and saving the author a ton in not being sued for emotional distress.
Steve’s looking at the archer with wide eyes. ‘You are a brave man, Clint Barton, I’ll give you that.’
They make it to the bottom of the stairs before Flash catches up to them, and he’s got some friends from the year above with him. ‘You gone deaf, Parker?’
‘Let’s just see what he has to say first, Drax,’ the human sighs, ‘then we can make our decision as a group alright?’
‘Alright everyone find your seats,’ Steve says, and Peter can see he’s trying to hold back his laughter as he surreptitiously looks between Clint and Natasha. Wanda looks over at him with a questioning eyebrow so he replays some of the conversation in his head for her; she bursts out laughing and then tries to cover it with a cough.
‘So do you. Come here, soldier,’ he replies, stepping closer yet again to undo Steve’s tie and retie it.
‘There’s something we found in Venom’s memories,’ Peter tells them, feeling a little stronger now he’s admitted what happened. ‘The guy in charge of the group that took him? I recognised him.’
Do let me know what you think, getting reviews really does make my day, plus it lets me know if I'm doing the characters justice. Also if there's any requests or suggestions I may be able to find a way to incorporate them into the story.
‘I just wish you’d be more careful,’ is all he says as they leave the warehouse and hurry after the other two.
The next special in Another Chance series featuring a poker game and a long-needed chat between Bucky, Steve and Tony about their memories of the Howling Commandos.
Thank you so much to everyone who has left comments on this story, I am part way through catching up with all my replies so you should have one (if you haven't already) by the end of tomorrow. Thank you also to everyone who has left kudos, and to all of you who are still sticking with this story.
Tony sighs dramatically. ‘Fine. But next time I say I want to find a way to make the shield more portable you are
‘It’s Bruce,’ she admits quietly, after the quiet stretches out for a while, the only sounds the faint ones of the grenade moving around. ‘You might want to make these things a bit quieter.’
‘I’m deadly serious. Now you better get out of here before someone thinks you’re here to gate-crash properly.’
A/N: Hi everyone. So these three extra chapters are being put up early as a tribute to Stan Lee. I thought considering the update yesterday was Peter and Deadpool having an argument, I'd get us all back to a superfamily chapter. And Tony Stark being a parent.
‘Nothing, just relax and focus on me,’ Strange replies, ‘in an attempt to make this slightly less distressing for you I shall not place my hands on your head. Do you mind placing your hands in mine?’
‘Kid it’s been nearly ninety years since I was in school, I’m not going to be much use with homework,’ Steve replies.
There’s a convoy of three vehicles just pulled in. One is a longer truck, the other two are SUVs. A motorbike pulls in behind them and the rider turns the engine off, pulling the helmet off and turning to the men climbing out of the SUVs.
‘Hi,’ Peter looks down at the young girl tugging on his sleeve, ‘I’m Cassie, my Dad’s Ant-Man. Are you really Spider-Man?’
Tony tilts his head. ‘I said you have free run of the facility. Go wherever you like. I wouldn’t suggest leaving the facility grounds just yet; I’m not sure how the public will react to you and we are, technically, not supposed to let you wander off.’
‘Fine,’ Valkyrie huffs, ‘anyone who wants to take part in the drinking contest has to be sitting around that table,’ she points to one in the corner, ‘ten minutes after midnight or you don’t get counted.’
‘It’s not a bad idea,’ Sam says when she finishes speaking. ‘Not only will it improve relations with the public but they’ll be more likely to trust us if we they get caught up in something we have to deal with.’
‘They’re in effect from Monday,’ Tony cuts him off, voice not quite as steady as he’d hoped. ‘Secretary Ross already agreed, with a bit of persuasion from the Council.’
Once they have another round of drinks Valkyrie sits back, tankard in hand. ‘Now. How about we tell you what we know and then you take your turn? I get the feeling you are against Thanos as we are.’
‘You’re just upset you didn’t get to join in,’ he grins, watching the blond out of the corner of his eye and knows he’s guessed right when Steve clears his throat.
A/N: Hi everyone! Sorry it's a little later than normal this week, but I hope you enjoyed the opening clash of the Battle of Wakanda. I'm not going to lie, I took the opening of this chapter from a post I saw on the internet one time; I found it so funny I couldn't not include it here.
‘You’ve avoided catching him under the mistletoe because you’re scared that when you do you’re going to have to face all these things you’re avoiding. So you’re trying to encourage him to get back with Nat because you think they’d be happy together and it gives you a reason to
‘He was under mind control, Sam, you know that, and anyway he’s changed and helped us….’ Bucky trails off and Sam sees some understanding dawning in his eyes.
‘If Mama says someone’s a good man, you don’t argue with her,’ he says. ‘That woman is always right. Just wish I knew how she does it.’
The four of them are down in his workshop as he talks away. Sam had noticed on the first evening that Tony constantly fiddles with things when he’s nervous so suggested he continued to tinker in his workshop while they talked. Tony isn’t sure he’s ever going to repay the man for that suggestion, and he’s already put together a long list of possible ways to do it in the future. Including paying for his entire wedding and honeymoon if he ever gets married.
‘I’ll get hold of Clint and tell him to change his destination to Wakanda,’ Natasha says, taking out her phone, ‘he’s picking up Scott and Wade on the way.’
Bucky sighs, his hand falling from Steve’s shoulder as he looks up at the stars peeking through the clouds. He nods. ‘Yeah. Yeah I do.’
'Deadpool's been spotted in New York,' out of the corner of her eye she notices Peter look up from his book.
‘Thanks, Mama, that means a lot coming from you,’ he presses another kiss to her cheek. ‘Now why has everyone left you here alone?’
Before Peter can reply his senses go haywire and he feels something pressing into the back of his head through the mask. The merc’s eyes go wide and he scrambles to his feet.
Peter’s heart sinks at the news. ‘And she doesn’t want to accept help from Tony it seems,’ he muses to himself. ‘Hmmm,’ he taps the table as he thinks. ‘Hey, FRIDAY? Has SI been looking into any products to do with food production?’
Brock smirks at the two of them and Steve barely restrains himself from punching the bastard. ‘We have a summons and this time, it seems, you two are requested to be there.’
‘Why are you still reading my messages?’ he pulls his phone back out of her line of sight, blushing bright red.
‘Damn the kid can talk,’ Bucky says, wiping at his eyes. ‘And like talk himself into so much trouble.’
‘Oh do be quiet, and tell me where you keep your tea things. I need another mug if I have to deal with you when you’re injured and I’m sure you won’t be adverse to one either.’ It appears the lure of tea is enough to bring the doctor out of his grump and he explains to Loki where he keeps the items he requested, so by the time Wong joins them they are already drinking from a mug each and there’s enough in the pot left for the other man as he sits down.
Peter had wanted to go as well, but Tony had left him in no uncertain terms that he was staying with the rest of the team at the facility.
‘And three,’ he counts softly, reaching a branch to cross to the other side of the path, ‘two,’ he scampers along it trying not to laugh, ‘one.’
Steve’s never voiced this particular fear to anyone before. ‘At this rate I think he’s more likely to die than he is to recover. I almost wish,’ he sighs and leans on the stone banister, looking down at the stone beneath his arms, ‘I wish he’d never volunteered for the program. Even when I had nothing I had Buck, and there’s nothing I can do to help him.’
Tony spins on his chair and pulls his goggles off. ‘Hey Cap. I just thought we could get started on your dancing lessons while everyone else is too busy wondering if Peter is going to get an alarm clock to the head.’
Tony releases the two soldiers and turns to face the lawyers making their way towards them. ‘Good morning,’ he greets them with a nod.
He looks after me without making me feel like I’m useless- he’s got my back. And he’s one of the few people I don’t have to worry about getting wrapped up in something from Spider-Man’s life and being in danger. Like I said: he’s got my back and I’ve got his. He can be there for me as Spider-Man
There’s a ringing silence. ‘My king,’ the female Jotun steps forward and sinks to one knee in front of Loki, ‘you have won the duel, and you may now claim the throne as yours. What are your orders?’ The other two Jotuns follow her example and sink to their knees.
‘Oh god that was the wrong time to come and ask a question,’ Wanda’s voice comes from behind him and Tony has to lean against Steve to stop from falling over laughing. ‘Tony
Peter’s face sets into a frown, and Bucky is struck by the new hardness to the boy. Something has happened with Beck that he hasn’t had time to process.
Tony looks over at Steve as he copies what his husband had done with Morgan and pulls Peter into his lap. He knows the look on the blond’s face well by now: barely controlled anger with a hint of loss. They’d decided to adopt and had managed to be accepted fairly easily, despite being a same sex couple, and the result, a few years later, was the beautiful boy and girl they were currently holding. Steve had insisted they would take on some of the more challenging children, the ones who had kept being returned because no one could cope with their problems. They were both stubborn enough not to give up and they had the resources to provide whatever support the children needed.
He opens his mouth to shout, and inhales warm water. Closing his eyes, he thrashes around, trying to throw off the ghostly hands that are pushing him down. Phantom sparks of electricity dart across his chest, reminding him to protect the battery. If the battery stops he’s dead from shrapnel. His hands reaches to his chest, but the reactor’s gone.
He knows the punch is coming, and he staggers backwards, feeling the air stir as Steve’s fist moves past his face, missing him by inches. ‘Good,’ the captain’s voice is happy, ‘try to keep steady on your feet, don’t move so much.’
‘Peter?’ Wanda comes over with a small smile on her face. ‘I just got you a little something extra.’ She looks a little nervous as she hands him a small box.
‘I swear it’s never been this hard to find a tree for inside before,’ Bucky says as they finish chopping down the last of their outside trees; Steve had stopped them at five, pointing out they needed to save some for other people. Bucky had still insisted on one huge tree, though, saying it was now a tradition for them. Sam thinks Quill is slightly worried about how they’re going to decorate though.
‘Ok, so no pressure,’ Wade rolls his neck. ‘Just nearly fourteen sweaters to get knitted before Christmas. That’s roughly one sweater every day and a half.’
‘You want to take on HYDRA at less than full capacity just because you want someone to babysit your boyfriend?’ Fury snaps.
‘I agree!’ Peter huffs, passing him a glass from a cupboard. Loki thanks him and gives him a genuine smile, offering the carton to the boy when he’s finished.
He shakes his head and huffs another laugh. ‘Nope. You continue your little dance lesson and I’ll go practise my climbing.’
Fury, Loki and his council have worked together to come up with a form of alliance between Jotunheim and the Avengers, so both parties are willing to help where necessary; once Thor returns Bucky suspects they shall do something similar with Asgard. When the three Jotuns had learned of the threat Thanos posed they were more than happy to lend their support and assured both Fury and Loki of the rest of their people’s cooperation.
‘Alright,’ she agrees, though she couldn’t say she was exactly happy with the situation. ‘But no unnecessary risks that could mean we get delayed going back while we wait for you to regenerate enough to crawl out of some bolt hole.’
‘Hey, what’s happening do you think?’ Steve gestures in front of them where there seems to be a few people having a bit of a heated disagreement. ‘Isn’t that where the carollers are supposed to be?’
Steve sighs, but his smile gives away his actual lack of suffering. ‘Never mind, I’ll take that as a yes.’ He comes over and pulls him into a loose hold, letting their foreheads rest together.
‘You know he actually admitted to me he was really nervous to meet you that first time. He also admitted he acted like the world’s biggest asshole because of it; and he was a little hurt when you weren’t exactly his biggest fan to begin with. Somehow, and I have no idea how, but he managed to put all his past feelings aside and decided to give you a clean slate. Now that’s not something Tony
Tony just laughs along with the rest of them, and pitches a roll at Sam’s head which the other man catches with a grin. No one comments on the fact that their hands remain clasped on the table for the rest of the meal.
There’s a chorus of agreement for the plans and Sam can’t help the smile that tugs at his mouth as they all lean in to the plans hovering in front of them. Everyone looks a little more relaxed as the conversation turns to good natured arguments on how much of the basement Tony was allowed to keep for his workshop and whether Bruce was allowed some of the attic for his lab or if he had to share the basement with Tony.
Pepper laughs as the puppy yaps and licks his face again. ‘I think he likes his name. I wonder who got him for you?’
Steve chuckles and opens his eyes, smiling up at him. ‘If there is one thing you are never doing, Tony Stark, it is
to go there didn’t you?’ Steve groans from next to him, not even attempting to get the room to calm down.
‘Shall we perhaps leave that until tomorrow?’ Steve suggests, wiping his arm across his forehead. ‘I mean we have just cut down a tree that’s probably three times as tall as us, and twice as thick as the Hulk.’
‘So what happened to make him silent if this is nothing worse than he’s faced before?’ May demands, arms crossed over her chest.
‘Hmm,’ Peter says, letting his eyes close. He lets out a protest as Wade moves his shoulder. ‘Stop moving I’m comfy.’
The smug grin Lautenus gives him in answer does not fill him with confidence. ‘Of course dear brother-’
Peter tells stories that he and Bucky have told the team from Steve’s pre-serum days when they were growing up together; stories about shared Christmases between the two families, Bucky pushing Steve to try new things and not become a recluse despite his health issues, and of course of having to rescue Steve from getting beaten up because he couldn’t keep his mouth shut.
Steve is about to turn on his heel and walk back into the party when he makes himself stop. ‘Tony I… thank you.’
‘Thank you,’ Thor says, feeling true hope for the first time since arriving on this planet. ‘My name is Thor, what is yours fair maiden?’
Ross lets out a bark of laughter. ‘You’re following to heel like a dog, Stark. And the Council thinks you’re a leader of the team! At the end of the day you’re nothing without that suit, so you’ve just got to fall into step like a good little soldier.’
‘What’s got you all energetic today, Baby Boy?’ Deadpool laughs. ‘Finally asked the girl out you’ve had your eye on and she say yes?’
She gives him a funny look but nods and goes to sit behind the desk again. He busies himself texting Natasha for his check in and doing some more of his school work as he waits; then he messages Ned to see if he’s available to meet up tonight. Something tells him he’s going to need his guy in the chair to help put everything together.
Bucky looks at the doorway where Loki is leaning against the frame. ‘You really need to ask now?’ he looks back down, knowing his question is unfair.
‘I realised it wasn’t real just after that but…it still stung you know? And it was all based on something I was scared of being true anyway. It was like when Venom first got control of me and was feeding my fears back to me to try and get control, but they’d been put into a video right in front of me. So then when Mr Harris said the school was coming here and I hadn’t known…’
Flash just scowls at her before running off before he gets left behind. Harry glaring at his back. ‘Hey Pete, would you be pissed off if I decked that guy?’
I let Francis get away. And the fucker knows as well. The fucker knows I’m not from here. Shit what if he tries to find a way to cross… no Wade, don’t think about that yet. Step one: get out of here. Step two: find Barnes and make sure he’s alive so I can go back to the facility. Step three: find Widow and get back to said facility.
Scott looks up at him through one black eye, the other covered by an ice pack, and heaves a sigh of relief. ‘Thank God.’
‘Can I suggest,’ Strange says, joining their group, ‘that instead of planning our retribution on the street for everyone to hear, we instead find somewhere safe? We have injured team members to see to before we can make any moves. You’ll be glad to hear Sam is conscious and well. Perhaps a slight concussion but it shouldn’t be anything lasting.’
‘Grab the chair and see if you can help me understand some of this,’ she says, gesturing to the spare chair in her room. ‘I’m wondering if the stones produce some form of radiation when their power is used.’
Peter doesn’t answer, just nods his head, slowly letting his arms circle Tony’s waist to return the hug.
‘Weasel I don’t give a fuck what’s happening at the pool table, all I want is to get enough charge to make a call and then go home and collapse until next year.’
‘I can’t believe you had a food fight without me, Baby Boy. I mean, really it hurts, cuts me real deep. How could you even think to start something like that without me? I honestly thought it was you and me to the end, you know? And then you go and do something like this? I’m not sure we can ever move on from this. It’s just-’
‘You,’ she whispers, tears falling down her face and she can’t help the feeling of despair that fills her. ‘
‘He’s following strict instructions and not allowed to deviate,’ the soldier reassures them, then goes to take Mama’s arm and lead her to the elevator.
Tony shakes his head. ‘For some things we’ll visit there. But no…I’ve got an idea of where I can take them where we’re off the grid and can be as safe as possible. Here,’ he hands each of them a slip of paper with a location on it. ‘Burn these so no one can find it. This is where we’ll be.’
‘I’m afraid I have no experience to correspond with this concept. However, no I would not want to be something that I had always thought of as being evil.’ Vision thinks he’s probably said the wrong thing again when the dark haired man only nods with an odd expression on his face and turns away to concentrate on changing his shape. He’s still not comfortable with what he deems emotional conversations as he still finds it difficult to understand how to navigate the intricacies and pitfalls. And there are so many pitfalls.
Natasha laughs at the look on Tony’s face. ‘Yeah, he’s going to ruin the competition when you let him take over SI. You’ve created a monster Tony Stark.’
‘So, what I need you to do,’ he says, ‘is slowly make your way towards me until we’ve got the platform titled as far as it’ll go, then you need to jump back as fast as you can to flip me up towards the bars, run up and jump and I’ll swing you over to the end of the bars.’
‘Well, not planning as such…it’s more of an idea I had that I wanted to run past you before talking to anyone else about. How does the idea of an “Avengers Retreat” sound?’
‘Never underestimate my powers of persuasion, Capsicle.’ Tony closes his eyes and leans back, imagining for a second the other man is here in the room with him and they were back to how they were before the Accords. ‘Steve, do you want to come home?’ Suddenly he doesn’t have the energy to dance around the question.
As he turns back to ask Vision a question another portrait catches his eyes. Peggy’s portrait. It’s the same one he saw in the bunker when he and Natasha found Zola in his weird computer. He walks closer, swallowing past the lump in his throat to read the plaque.
The last of the team arrive back on American soil, only for Tony to have to take on Ross to make sure they all stay free.
you. Just until the circus,’ he gestures towards the gates of the facility where the journalists they’d had to drive through earlier had been camped, ‘has left. For
‘But you’re able to keep your mind reading abilities which is interesting,’ Strange muses. ‘Keep it secret, and see if you can read any information on where you are from the guards when they do visit.’
‘Definitely not.’ At the pout on his face, Tony sighs. ‘But you might be able to one day in one of the new suits I’m working on for you.’
‘Bucky what are you doing?’ Sam shouts as he and Peter leap to their feet from where they’ve been sitting on the couches.
And just like that Bucky was released from Tony’s care into Peter’s and the billionaire glides over to where Steve has made his way to the entrance of the rink. ‘Ready to give it a go Captain?’
He sets her in the back seat next to Vision as Rhodes rides shot gun. He climbs in behind the wheel and can’t stop the smile on his face as he starts the engine, noticing the clasped hands of the pair in the backseat.
‘I can’t believe you talked me into this,’ Peter grumbles as he opens the door to Sister Margaret’s.
‘I’d throw more than a book at you if you tried to make me feel better,’ Peter mumbles, wondering just what the soldier had tried to do. ‘What’s wrong with her?’ he asks, worrying about his friend.
‘Each of them comes back on mutually agreeable terms, Mr Cardy. Certain restrictions could be put in place, for example, or certain training regimes in order to enable them to control their powers better.’
Loki clearly has enough of the alien’s words because he summons his dagger and slits its throat. ‘We need to get back and prepare,’ he turns to the others, ‘Thanos will bring his army, and he will know of our strength from Proxima Midnight.’
Vision rushes across the street, quickly pulling pedestrians out of the way as she feels sweat trickling down the side of her face.
Natasha raises an eyebrow at him from where she’s nursing a cup of coffee in one of the chairs. ‘What have you done now?’ she sighs.
As Wanda’s voice fades away, the Guardians following in her wake, Bucky raises an eyebrow at Natasha. ‘What do you think all that was about?’
Natasha sighs. ‘They’ve gone to have a break for a few days, we sorted them out with a hotel in New York. Far enough away for it to be a break, but close enough that we’re on hand if they need anything.’
Clint narrows his eyes at Peter and shakes his head behind Natasha’s back. He just grins back at the archer while Steve tries to get everyone’s attention and cover up his team’s antics.
‘Alright, let’s try again,’ he says, feeling Steve squeeze his shoulder in reassurance before releasing it.
Hope has some advice for Natasha, the team regroup with T'Challa in Vienna, and Bucky and Loki talk after their fight.
‘When she pulled that trick on me every time I called her that,’ Peter admits, then leaps to the ceiling to avoid the swipe from the metal arm.
‘As soon as everyone’s up we’ll get on the quinjet and go,’ he responds, gulping down his coffee as though it’s his lifeline.
Steve nods and heads back the way he’s come, just as he’s about to join the street he looks back and sees Tony still stood watching him and raises his hand in farewell before he turns the corner and loses sight of him.
‘Ah Colonel, lovely to see you again. Perhaps you can help me convince your friend to be a little more cooperative, I’m afraid Anthony hasn’t exactly been playing ball so to speak. My new friends haven’t taken too kindly to that, have they Anthony?’ The look Tony sends Hammer is toxic, and the man gestures to one of the guards. ‘Show them.’
‘Well that just ruined my mood. You make it sound like you’re a zombie or something, and I’m into a lot of things but necrophilia is not one of them I’m afraid.’
He sighs happily and snuggles back into the warmth as Steve presses a light kiss to his shoulder. ‘Good morning,’ Steve murmurs into his ear.
Tony finally looks up at him and Steve's heart breaks. There's so much pain in those brown eyes that he does the only thing he can do. Steve reaches up, cupping one of the bloodied cheeks with his hand, running his thumb over the dry, chapped lips.
‘And you’re not worried about sending two Avengers into a situation we don’t have the full intel on? Didn’t you once chew me out over not giving you all the information on a mission I sent you on?’ Fury challenges.
Just when Peter didn’t think his day was going to get any better he sees who is meeting them at the entrance to the facility.
‘I thank you, young master, you are a truly kind warrior. I look forwards to making your proper acquaintance,’ the god of thunder says.
‘You really think we need this much?’ he asks, looking at what seems to be industrial sized mixing bowls.
Vision looks at the woman in the seat next him and finally understands why the rest of the team get so nervous around their respective partners. The ballet is coming to a close but Wanda is still completely enthralled by the display on the stage, but Vision can feel the small box in his pocket pressing against his side and, if he was capable of it, he’s sure he’d be sweating.
Please let me know what you think and thank you so much to everyone who has commented this week. I will get round to responding today. The support for this series is incredible, I really can't thank you all enough!
A/N: Hi everyone, sorry if you were looking forward to Steve taking a dip in the mud! I was very tempted to do it but thought I'd have Peter be nice to him.
Wade hops down and pushes the doors closed, then he and Natasha creep round the side of the van to stand near Bucky’s rolled down window. Wade stays standing, keeping an eye back behind them, while she crouches down and peers round the front of the truck.
‘A variety of small tasks, their main role is to make life more comfortable for each individual member of the team.’
‘Yeah but you don’t have a sniper scope to do the work for you this time,’ Natasha teases, going to stand in front of her target. ‘Now are you two ready or am I going to have done all five of my rounds before you even find your way to the target?’
‘No damage done,’ Tony’s voice is a little strained, but as FRIDAY hasn’t raised an alarm yet Bruce assumes what he’s saying is true. ‘Why don’t you three have a think about what parts of the Yule traditions we may be able to do here and we can discuss it over dinner? I think everyone but Wade is due in tonight so it’ll be a good time to talk it over, and I’m sure he won’t mind us deciding a few things while he’s away.’
‘Well he has saved Peter’s life in the past, and he did come and help when Hammer tried to take him at the school.’ Peter feels his breath catch at the inventor’s words.
‘Not going to lie I agree with Nat on this one,’ Tony chuckles. ‘What I’m trying to say is: you don’t have to be Spider-Man at school. Just be Peter. Which means letting me speak to the Principal about why he’s allowing my intern to get bullied.’
The tension at the table spikes, and he knows the man is watching him intently. Part of the giveaway is the forgotten chimichanga halfway to his open mouth. ‘Would-is-would you like it to be? I mean… would you
Despite everything Steve chuckles, remembering the words from their first battle. ‘Yeah, but we picked you up a cheeseburger so I hope you can forgive us.’
‘So you want to go AWOL from the army and me not help them track you? Somehow I don’t think that’s going to work, do you?’
He looks back towards their opponent as he hears a grunt of pain from Steve, seeing the soldier has been thrown against the side of a building and is climbing to his feet, a little disorientated. The big alien picks up a fallen lamppost and swings it towards the blond in an arc.
‘To be fair,’ Sam tries to defend the absent soldier, ‘he was going to walk by it after joking about how we could win it twice over with him and Steve. But the guy manning the stand heard and said he didn’t believe him, and that he was all talk. I don’t think he realised who we were until after he’d made a couple of jabs at Bucky. Steve and I tried to talk him out of it, but he just shrugged off his jacket and made a point of not using his metal arm and lifted the thing above his head.’
Tony’s bark of laughter stops short when they catch sight of the group on the lawn. Thor and Bruce are supporting a motionless body between them and struggling up towards them, behind them is a group of maybe twenty or thirty people, all who look like normal civilians rather than the warriors they were expecting.
There’s a grunt from Francis as Wade manages to kick him in the stomach. But Bucky would say it was more a grunt from the air being forced out of his lungs with the blow rather than one of pain. He frowns, but continues to prepare his shot, resting the rifle on the crates and waiting for his opportunity.
‘Hey is it time for Hallowe’en already?’ the merc asks as they take in the stranger. ‘Did I miss like half a year or something?’
‘I hate it when she says that,’ Steve replies, sounding out of breath as he runs. ‘I’ll be with you in a few minutes.’
‘It’s the man in the big red suit,’ comes an irritated voice from the other side. ‘I’m here about our mutual friend, Deadpool.’
I'm going to keep the ban on any kind of spoilers in the comments until I've finished posting this story. You can start the discussion in the sequels I promise.
be one to be telling Steve he’s gone too far in his parenting, but he has to trust in Pete’s decision. Not that I don’t agree with him, don’t get me wrong, but we can’t be causing division in the team right before we go up against HYDRA-’
‘I didn’t realise he’d been working himself that hard,’ Sam mutters, swirling the last bit of his whiskey around the glass, frowning at it.
Loki smiles and shakes his head. ‘No it was not. I must admit to much preferring this way of doing things.’
‘Wanda help me convince Peter that pineapple on pizza is heaven,’ Wade turns to the young woman. ‘He won’t see sense and now he’s holding my Hawaiian hostage.’
It had reached the news yesterday that Tony had been taken by person or persons unknown and the Avengers were searching for him. Natasha had sent him a message last night to say there were going after him; from what he’d heard from Matt and Wade, both of whom had gotten home with minimal injuries, the team had managed to get Tony out. The problem is he hasn’t heard anything about how the man is doing. It’s now mid-afternoon and he honestly didn’t give a damn about Spanish. He just wants to know how Tony is.
Strange’s expression melts into something more reassuring. ‘Not at all. It shall be completely painless. In fact it may prove rather interesting for you.’
He ignores her, turning to the faces staring at him out of the back of his truck, the headlights from Natasha’s illuminating the inside. ‘Any of you drive?’ he demands.
The door opens and Deadpool looks in, his eyes widen as he takes in Peter, still half in his suit. ‘Oh man you got to give a guy some warning!’
‘Now,’ T’Challa sighs, ‘now we must reveal that HYDRA has been involved in the committee. I am hoping that it will tip the scales in our favour. Show that the team needs more independence to be freer from malign influences.’
‘I know it’s frustrating,’ Tony adds, ‘because you’re ready for the next step and he’s holding back. But you’ve got to respect
‘Get the others out, I’m going after her,’ he tells Sam. ‘I’ll send you coordinates when we get there!’
Sharon's smile of greeting turned into a frown. 'Unfortunately not a general social call. I'm here to see him,' she gestures at Tony.
‘He was being temperamental before,’ Bruce admits, giving Loki a dark look, ‘but ever since we fought Thanos on the ship he’s completely refusing to come out.’
‘Alright, but…Harry I am here if you want to talk. Or if you want to pretend you can beat me in Star Wars trivia quizzes again.’
‘Wait. What?’ Peter sits up and catches his wallet as Tony throws it at him, checking inside to see the inventor is right.
‘We’ll keep you updated on any changes,’ T’Challa reassures him. ‘Shall I tell Fury where you have gone when he returns?’
‘Peter if you get a detention to do with school work or your grades start slipping the school has been informed to notify Tony Stark. It’s to make sure that your internship doesn’t affect your education.’
‘Just as long as we don’t have to spend an afternoon in the medical wing,’ she laughs and follows him out the door and to the training room, taking one of the boxes from him as she does.
‘Merry Christmas, Sam,’ Rhodes raises his glass in a cheers as the other man joins him at the counter. ‘And thanks for my present, man, those warmers are going to be a godsend for my back after missions.’
I'd love to hear your thoughts on who the enemy is and where you think the series is heading next. As always let me know if you have any requests. The next instalment is done, so I'll start posting that in a couple of weeks but I think the next thing to be posted after that will be something different. I'm struggling to get the writing flowing for this series again, so like before I'm going to work on one or two short projects to get the creativity flowing again before coming back. Hopefully I'll manage to do it all before I finish posting the next instalment so it won't even be that big of a gap for you. Let me know if there's any requests for different projects! I'm thinking of another fairytale so if there's any preferences let me know - I'm contemplating a WinterIron one this time for a bit of a change.
‘Butler,’ Tony lets a smile creep onto his face, ‘yeah right, just a butler who could kill you quicker than Nat on a good day.’
‘Well, Stark I must admit I’m impressed. You weren’t lying when you said the brainwashing wouldn’t work on him anymore,’ Ross’ sneering voice comes through the speakers.
‘How much food did they bring with them?’ he asks Steve, eyeing the plates of food that had been laid out on the giant wooden table. ‘Did they actually eat any of it the first time around?’
‘What?!?’ Peter’s so surprised he loses his grip on the ceiling and ends up landing on his head, thankfully missing both of the children. ‘Ow,’ he grumbles, ‘Wanda!’
He’s cut off by a cry of pain from both Bruce and Thor and the pair drop Loki to the floor. Except Loki looks very different to how he was a couple of seconds ago.
‘If I wanted your advice I’d have asked for it,’ Harry’s tone is cold. ‘I know exactly what you’re going to say Thompson, I’ve heard it out of every spoilt, stuck-up rich kid’s mouth I’ve had the misfortune to be forced to spend my time with. I don’t need to hear it from another one.’
‘He’s done it,’ Tony breathes, looking over to Thor. The god is curled in on himself, his left arm lying on the ground next to him. ‘Thor!’
‘And if we try and keep him away he’s just going to find a way to get there anyway, and he’ll probably get himself into a lot of trouble doing it,’ May sighs. ‘Alright, we can move it up to every two weeks,’ she gives a small laugh. ‘Do you know how disappointed he’s been that he’s not been able to come up while you’ve been helping the Winter Soldier?’
‘Make a move, dude!’ Sam says coming over to him again with Clint. ‘Or me and Clint are going to tell him.’
‘Mr Stark I know what you’ve just been saying isn’t going to help you believe me, but he’s not a bad person.’
Tony chuckles and brings up one of the files. ‘This one might interest you as well, Loki, it’s a dig at some caves in Norway.’
‘A what now?’ he looks between Bruce and Thor hoping for an explanation. ‘Because to me he just looks like a freaky smurf and I’m pretty sure I’d have made some comment about it when we fought him if he’d looked like that before.’
‘You know,’ Fury slurs as Wanda helps Ororo, who has also decided to bow out before making a fool of herself, to her room, after the priestess gives T’Challa rather enthusiastic goodnight kiss, ‘I’ve always liked you guys the most out of everyone I’ve worked with.’
‘Right,’ Tony’s face is set and he stands up, ‘Nat I need a location on this guy and I’m going to make sure he leaves New York unless he wants to spend the rest of his stay in a cell.’
say another word.’ She doesn’t give Sharon a chance to do anything as she drags the older woman behind her with her powers, heading towards a corridor at the other end of the area.
The dark-skinned lady is beautiful, with long pure white hair and piercing eyes that make Peter wonder if she doesn’t also have some sort of telepathic abilities. She’s wearing a black dress and cape and looks as if she could have stepped out of a fantasy novel. ‘You should thank Nakia for our involvement,’ she replies, and Peter is surprised to hear an American accent, ‘it was her report of you that allowed me to convince my tribe to lend aid. Although I am willing to help the outside world, my tribe is not; they see it that they nearly lost my mother and me to the influences of the outside world, and were worried I would return there.’
‘Woah, woah, woah champ,’ Natasha laughs, grabbing hold of his arm. ‘You need to help out here first before you go running off. Mr Harris I assume?’ he extends her other hand for Peter’s teacher to shake. ‘I do apologise for Peter’s apparent lack of manners.’
‘You just hope she doesn’t teach Pete those tricks,’ he counters. ‘We’ll get these people in the van, let us know if you need a hand.’
‘Tony just press the call button,’ Steve’s exasperated voice rumbles behind him. He’s currently using his boyfriend as a pillow to try and give him the courage to call May Parker.
The soldier takes a deep breath, then looks straight into his eyes, the blue ones filled with pain. ‘Tony, the doctors aren’t sure they can remove it. When they put it in… when they put it in they apparently caused a lot of damage to the structure of your chest. They think- they think if they were to take it out, your chest may collapse. Tony taking it out could kill you.’ He finishes on a whisper.
of the team would. Pushing the thought away he focuses on Daredevil’s next question. ‘Why the concern for Spider-Man, Deadpool?’
‘Hey Tony, you alright? What did you need help with?’ Steve says as FRIDAY allows him entry to the workshop.
‘And I also saw what you did afterwards,’ Tony’s voice is soft and reassuring. ‘I also know I’m only here today because
‘If he ssssucceedssss, half the universsssse will perisssssh. Including your new family. Let me bond with you again. Let me fight with you. Then when we have defeated him, let me go free and I will never burden you again.’
A/N: Hello everyone! I hope you're still enjoying the story and this chapter was a bit of a peek into where we're off to next.
‘Aww,’ Wanda wipes away an imaginary tear, ‘my little brother all grown up and threatening mercenaries.’
The inventor’s eyes go wide. ‘Rhodey you wouldn’t.’ At the hard stare he receives in reply he sighs. ‘Ok maybe you would.’
‘Yeah your mother hen started right then, I was trying not to laugh the whole time we were watching him, you looked like you were torn between shitting yourself and running after him.’ Bucky laughs as Steve takes a swipe at him.
‘Like Daredevil for example,’ Peter nods, slowing in his chewing now that his stomach isn’t protesting quite so much. ‘Or even the rest of the Defenders.’
‘I swear to be impartial, as is required of me,’ she adds. ‘Only physical weapons may be used. The fight is to the death. May luck be with you both.’ Loki actually believes she means it. ‘When you are ready you may begin.’
‘Perhaps,’ Wong’s tone is thoughtful, ‘there may be a way to trace the mystical energy. I shall speak with some of the masters in Kamar-Taj.’
‘Oh there’s a special area I can go to climb the walls, May. Besides I think I’d be dead if I accidentally pulled down any decorations.’
‘He hasn’t started speaking yet so all in all not too bad,’ Tony responds, arms crossed over his arms. ‘Alright, Peter, you have two minutes. I suggest you talk fast.’
‘He told me not to,’ he admits. ‘He said not to worry you and… and he told me to be more careful in the future.’
Peter laughs. ‘Don’t bother, Harry, he isn’t worth it. Come on I’ll show you guys where you’ll be staying.’
‘Steve’s following something up from the HYDRA documents,’ she explains, ‘and honestly? Pete needs training with someone who can match him with strength, and you
He frowns and pushes the hand away. ‘Mine is a valid point rather than me being overly modest,’ he ignores Steve’s eye roll and continues. ‘Yes I can keep up with science and technology, but we’re moving into a time where you need someone who can keep up with and understand magic and multiple universes as well and that’s not something my brain is geared to manage. If anything Brucie may be a better candidate seeing as he now has experience with space travel and magic.’
‘Oh my god you’ve been spending way too much time with Peter and Wade if you’re using pop culture references on me.’
if he doesn’t have anything to do. All that’s going to do is make him force himself out of the med bay faster than he normally would.’
Sam’s just taken over from Steve sitting at the genius’ bedside, the man is currently sleeping soundly, and the sound of the argument in the common room reaches his ears before he can see the participants.
The dark skinned man looks at him as if he’s grown an extra head. ‘Dude I appreciate you’re sometimes a little behind the times, but how do you not know
He’s not sure what makes him say the next part. ‘Maybe in the future, when I know you a bit better. But for now I don’t think its a good idea.’
‘You still have school to finish and you are not slipping in your grades because of your Avenger duties. If they do you’re off active duty until you finish school,’ Steve tells him, he tries to ignore Tony, Nat and Wade silently laughing behind the very irate teenager.
‘Sam? Sam!’ she turns to look at him, seeing the man’s eyes are closed and tries not to panic. ‘Dammit, don’t do this to me bird brain.’
Peter laughs and lets go before heading round to the passenger door. ‘How’s things with Pepper?’ he asks as they close the car doors on the noise outside. ‘You popped the question yet?’
‘Because the neurons were fighting against us because we were trying to get them to do something that wasn’t in their original design,’ Tony rolls his eyes at Vision’s questioning glance at the two of them.
‘Why do I feel like everyone is enjoying the fact this kid is ignoring me way too much?’ Fury sighs.
‘We need to make a decision quickly,’ the vigilante pipes up. ‘We’ve got a convoy on the way here, sounds like one of the weapons transports. If we don’t hurry we’re going to have even more weapons and people to contend with.’
‘I thought I already said: our mutual friend. Now open up.’ Still keeping hold of the gun, Wade opens the door and steps back to let Tony Stark enter his apartment. He closes it behind the man, watching as he surveys his apartment.
‘What did he say?’ the blond looks at Peter with a frown. The teenager looks wide-eyed between Thor and Loki and then just shrugs and shoves a bread roll in his mouth.
He’s grateful that the king doesn’t try and give empty words of comfort; everyone can see how badly shaken Steve, Natasha and Clint are, and it’s knocked the rest of them. Tony barely slept last night, keeping watch over Steve when the soldier managed to catch an hour or two of fitful sleep. Everyone this morning has dark circles under their eyes and lines showing the strain on their faces. ‘HYDRA is wanting to get the entire team under their control or kill us, so we’ll go back to the US where we can fight on home soil with home advantage.’
I can't tell you just how much it means to me that I've still got people sticking with this story, and the love from comments has been incredible. I've had a particularly difficult week at work this week, and getting a message to say I've had a comment and reading it has been one of the things that's kept me sane. So thank you all my wonderful readers and reviewers. Please, please, please if there is anything I can have a go at writing that you would love to see, either in this series or as a separate one, do let me know; I'd love to be able to show some appreciation back to you all.
‘Wanda, get Vision out,’ he tells her, gesturing to where the humanoid is laying on the floor, clutching his side.
‘Shit,’ Natasha curses, turning and downing the new arrival with a well aimed bite from her glove. Unfortunately the one behind him managed to run. ‘Guys I’ve been spotted. Carry on to the end of the corridor, turn right and you’ll be back by the vans. I’ve got to set the timers now.’
‘We just want to help,’ Steve says, moving to stand next to him and putting a hand on his shoulder. It’s only when he turns to face him that he realises Steve has placed himself between him and the rest of the team to try and block out some of the intensity of the situation.
‘Right, no problem,’ he takes the star from her and powers up his boots, heading for the top of the tree where he carefully places the star at the top. She sees him and Tony exchange a few words and Quill laughs before heading down to take some of the icicles from the inventor.
‘He was probably thinking you’d need as much extra strength as possible seeing as we’re allowed to bring back several trees so we can decorate around the Yule table,’ Steve points out, ‘and I don’t know why you think me coming is as bad as Buck coming along. I didn’t exactly encourage him that time you know.’
Peter casts a quick glance around to make sure no one heard Ned’s statement. ‘Keep your voice down. And I am
‘No,’ Natasha sounds worried and that genuinely scares Scott, ‘and if he goes towards the facility.’
Barnes, decorated World War Two veteran and former Howling Commando, so we can get this ballet recital over with.’
‘I’ll get Hulk’s,’ she says. ‘Steve’ll be here soon.’ With that she runs off towards the sounds of Hulk’s roars.
‘My, my, Captain America I never would have thought it,’ Tony teases him, ‘I expected to be wined and dined before such a proposition, now I just feel cheated and cheap.’
‘I’m not leaving until I know what’s happened to Deadpool,’ Peter can feel his irritation rising. ‘And you are not going to be able to make me leave.’
Strange is quiet as Wong leaves, and Loki only lets him stew in his own thoughts for a little time before interrupting them. ‘The team are your friends you know.’
‘Wakanda Forever!’ T’Challa shouts, earning himself a chorus of replies from his army as his helmet slips into place.
‘Seriously, Flash?’ At least Bucky knows that joke is crap, Flash obviously thinks he’s the world’s best comedian.
‘Roger that, Cap,’ and only a few seconds later Rhodes flies over and grabs hold of Clint, taking him to another spot on the compound.
The look he receives tells him exactly how much of that story his teacher believes. ‘Parker I don’t know what’s been up with you this past week, but I know I’m not the only one you’ve been handing in homework late to, if at all. I’m going to have to give you detention tonight, you do realise this means a note is going to be sent right?’
He shrugs. ‘That’s what the team calls it. Guess I just picked it up. Besides Civil War sounds a bit overdramatic if you ask me.’
‘Only if you join me,’ Tony says, turning his head to face him and running a hand down the golden body in front of him.
A few days after the hostage incident finds Peter swinging through the streets of Queens. He’s had a pretty busy patrol today, the universe is obviously wanting to prove Mr Stark right.
Steve nods and then looks at a spot behind Peter’s shoulder, obviously lost in thought. ‘Well without Dr Erskine the serum wouldn’t have existed, and I never would have been chosen to be given it for one thing. Tony’s dad Howard was the one who made the machine that administered the serum, and he made my original shield; plus he flew me behind enemy lines on that first mission. Peggy Carter of course, she and Howard ended up founding the original SHIELD you know.’
Tony watches as the soldier continues to vent his frustration on the gym’s punching bag, occasionally turning to get some better form of satisfaction by taking it out on a poor unsuspecting chair. Luckily none of them came flying his way.
So now it was just the group of superheroes that had been left to their own devices. What’s the worst that could happen right?
Tony looks at them both for a couple of minutes, before obviously realising how much his information means to them and leaning back in his chair. ‘Let’s see…it’s hard to tell you much seeing as I was a kid at the time and they treated me like a kid you know? They were the fun uncles who came round and helped me get up to all sorts of mischief, and I swear were the cause of several of Mom’s early grey hairs instead of me. No matter what she might have claimed. Unless Aunt Peggy was there, then they were on their best behaviour,’ he laughs.
Tony tries to control his laughter, and fails epically. ‘Oh yeah, Steve’s definitely going to be taking part.’
‘I’ll make sure there’s a good bottle of whiskey waiting for you,’ he promises and receives a nod in thanks.
‘-he just likes to fuss,’ Bucky snorts as he comes into the room, accompanied by Natasha who is looking absolutely stunning in a royal blue dress.
‘Do you want me to make you something, Tony?’ Natasha offers, he gives her a grateful smile and she slips from her stool to the fridge. ‘Bacon and eggs alright?’
Peter just nods and mutters a thank you. He’s telling the truth the kid does look beat, and if it isn’t for the fact Tony
with Deadpool and the drug dealers. He’s been so distracted since then he may have been slipping a bit with his homework. ‘I’m really sorry Mr Wheeler, I must have done it in another book and left it at home.’
‘I’m not supposed to be causing you any aggravation, and I imagine arguing with you would do just that,’ Steve smiles at him, and Tony can’t help the answering tug at his lips.
Tony teaches Steve how to dance, but the two have a huge argument. The only one able to get through to Tony is Bucky.
Peter looks at the man, wearing a pair of black trousers and a dark blue shirt that only just fit around his toned body, and a look of complete uncertainty on his face. He takes hold of the man’s hand and gives it a squeeze. ‘Come on, Pool, you know you can ask me anything,’ he says softly.
‘Well technically we buy them for her rather than make them. I think this is the first time I’ve ever actually made one,’ he replies. ‘But we usually let her choose the films and have a duvet day.’
‘But it’ll be a talking point,’ Steve points out, catching it as the tree starts to fall, ‘besides we could all do with a reminder that we weren’t always as well off as we are now, and some of us came from more humble beginnings.’
‘You know sometimes I think you just make me write those reports because you want to kill some trees.’
‘I don’t know,’ he all but wails, flopping back on the bed so he’s looking up at the ceiling. ‘I just feel like I should tell Tony at some point and I’m not sure how to bring it up, and I don’t want him to find out by accident because that’ll just be worse. And it’s not like I don’t trust him that I don’t want to tell him, I just don’t want him to be disappointed, and I’m worried he won’t be happy.’
So next up will be a special, but I won't be posting it for a couple of weeks as I've got some really busy weeks coming up. Do keep an eye out though, it's going to be called 'A Spider's Week Long Interview', and then the proper sequel will be uploaded. Check out the special though, because there'll be some hints as to what's happening in the sequel!
‘Are you honestly telling us that he can be trusted after being brainwashed by Hydra? We know he was responsible for attacking the Avengers whilst in custody in Germany because of it. He is a former wanted criminal and we are expected to trust him on American soil?’
Gradually as the others finish their jobs they come and join them at the tree to put up some decorations, and the others come in from outside to help. Eventually there’s only the angel to go on the top.
‘It makes me wonder if Gamora and I would have been like that had she still been here,’ the blue skinned woman admits.
‘My thoughts almost precisely,’ Strange adds. ‘I’m going to guess that these are some of Thanos’ lieutenants, come to claim the stones.’
‘She stayed to await my return with the stone,’ he cackles, ‘we did not think it would need more than three children to collect them. Clearly we were mistaken. And now Proxima will return to warn Thanos of your strength, and nothing you can do will stop him.’
Clint looks between her, the teenager and the mercenary before back to his friend. She nods and his stance relaxes slightly. ‘You really think you’re going to take me out with that stance, kid?’ he says, voice a little easier again. ‘You’ve been learning too much from, Nat. Remind me to show you some proper fighting moves before I go.’
I hope you enjoyed this final chapter, please do let me know what you think of this series' opener, I'd be interested to see where you think the series is going to go as well. Please do let me know if anyone has any requests for the Christmas story as well. I'm literally only three chapters in so far and have a VERY loose plan for it.
Loki frowns and sighs, ‘Then I shall add another bowl of ice cream to Peter’s tally.’          ‘What? Why?’
He’s not sure who looks more surprised: Harry that Wade is his boyfriend, or Wade that Peter introduced him straight away as his boyfriend.
Bucky shoots Wanda a warning look. ‘No trouble from me, fellas,’ he says, holding up his hands and walking slowly up to them. ‘Now, which way we going?’
‘So what I really want to know,’ Loki hears Bucky say as he enters the common area, ‘is since when are you gay? I thought you took some girl to Homecoming?’
Tony steps forward, wrapping an arm around his waist, and then shooting up into the air, heading for the lab. Thor is flying with his new weapon not far behind them.
They turn a corner and see a very smug looking Bucky and a very apologetic looking Steve standing next to possibly the tallest Christmas tree Tony has ever seen. And he’s seen some tall ones during some Stark Industries Christmas parties.
of energy, and make sure he’s still tired for tomorrow. ‘I’m sure you could, Pool,’ he turns, grinning despite the mask covering his face, to his boyfriend, ‘but I’m not sure you’d want Widow catching you suggesting what I think you are.’
‘You look…Tony you look incredible,’ he says, taking in the perfect cut of Tony’s suit, his perfectly styled hair, and the teasing smile on his face that makes Steve’s knees go weak.
‘Not that you’ll remember it the next morning if you can get your hands on enough drink,’ Loki smirks, flickering out of sight as a cushion is launched in his direction and reappearing, cackling, at the breakfast bar next to Sam.
‘When we spoke to them before Loki lost the link, they seemed to think they were waiting until they’d broken Bucky before they tried to start on Wanda,’ Steve mumbles back, ‘I would have thought it would have taken longer to have an effect on her.’
When they finally break apart they’re both breathless. Neither says anything as Peter take’s the man’s hand and leads him through the facility to their rooms. When they part outside, Peter presses another soft kiss to his lips.
‘I’m just hoping we get acknowledged by the team when we arrive, then we get to be as cool as you will be for this entire trip,’ is Ned’s response.
‘And I also found young Peter, though I imagine he would appreciate it if you didn’t comment on the way he turns bright red every time I grin at him.’
Bucky grabs his weapons from the passenger seat, strapping them on with the same kind of detached habit as he had when he was the Winter Soldier. ‘Tell us when you’re a couple of clicks out.’
trained me to do,’ he spits out the word ‘they’ so Steve can be in no uncertain terms who he means. ‘I felt like a monster and there was nothing I could do to stop myself.’ Steve remains quiet next to him and Bucky glances at him out of the corner of his eye. ‘No righteous speech for me Captain?’
‘So I didn’t want to bring this up with those two around,’ he says, looking Tony dead in the eye. ‘And I’ll understand if you don’t want to answer the question. Your nightmares Tony: is there by any chance something associated with Siberia in there as well?’
‘So someone who was also at the prison to make sure everything went to plan. Probably also the same person who caused a distraction by trying to get Bucky under his control, which I imagine would have gone very differently for us had he actually managed to get the brain washing to work, and then may have hinted to me that he knew about my feelings for Steve. Something that he only would have known about had he seen a certain interaction between me and Bucky from our surveillance. One that I now know was copied and sent on to someone. Tell me I’m getting close, Justin, come on.’ He smirks at his former rival, whose eyes have suddenly gone wide. ‘Wouldn’t also be someone who has been trying to get this team under his control as long as we’ve been separate from SHIELD? Wouldn’t also happen to be someone who is now pressing for enhanced individuals to be registered? I imagine so he can build his own team to fight us?’
‘So we’ve got to put a load of things on this giant bush?’ Rocket says as she comes over with Rhodey and Sam.
‘Is it because Loki’s insisting he stays here for a few weeks and you’re getting jealous thinking he’s going to run off with another magic user?’
Loki looks away from where he’s sat at the window and looks out over the city. ‘Are you here to chastise me like I’m a child?’
Rambeau,’ she corrects Steve, standing up and holding out her hand for him to shake, ‘it’s a pleasure to meet you all.’
‘May,’ Stewart laughs, coming in and rescuing Peter, ‘I think Peter would have said something by now if he wasn’t sure of anything. Now let’s go because the sooner we go the sooner we can get back and spend some more time with Peter.’
‘Un-aliving some gang members,’ he responds, voice harder now. Peter doesn’t say anything in response. ‘I don’t take contracts unless it’s people on the wrong side of the law, baby boy. Not anymore.’
‘Knew it! Sam owes me twenty bucks.’ At his questioning eyebrow she laughs and explains. ‘Sam said you just watched Steve’s ass and never looked away, I said there was something else to it but he didn’t believe me so we made a bet.’
‘Matt’s out at the moment and may not be back for an hour or so at least, he’s getting some stuff for a case. Sure I can’t help you?’ the fair haired man asks. Peter just shakes his head, and looks back at his textbook. ‘You’re from the gala right?’ Peter looks back up and nods at the question, he sees the frown on Mr Nelson’s face and then the man gestures for Peter to follow him. ‘Come here, kid.’
Vision isn’t entirely sure what happens in the next few moments, he’s so happy it clouds everything that follows. All he knows is there’s a ring on Wanda’s finger now and they walk through the park hand in hand, and this time when he steals a brief kiss from her he knows one day she’s going to be something more.
‘I lost my temper,’ Bucky admits. ‘I’m sorry you had to see that, kid.’ He curses as the sound of footsteps getting closer reach them. ‘Ned can you get Peter to safety? I’ve got a spare comms, put it on,’ he hands it to Peter. ‘Let us know where you are and someone will pick you up.’
‘Each base would have to be able to run independently should the need arise,’ Rhodes points out. ‘Let’s say the organisation is compromised like SHIELD was before, every base would then be shut down unable to access the others. Fail safes would have to be in place so they could continue running and be able to keep information out of enemy hands until the team were able to contact them.’
‘Let’s do it Christmas Eve, start a new tradition,’ Natasha smiles, ‘Clint’ll be arriving Christmas Eve so he can join in, and so will Carol.’
He notices Bucky’s grin during Meg’s song that’s directed at Steve and he can’t help raising an eyebrow in question. He only gets a shake of the head in response.
‘I’m not complaining,’ he chuckles in response, then he notices Steve’s frown as the man looks down. ‘What’s wrong?’
‘Tony?’ Vision’s worried voice comes through the comm link. ‘He’s managed to knock Doctor Strange unconscious, if we can’t defeat him soon or get Strange away then we’ll lose the Time Stone.’
Steve laughs as he comes into the room, sitting at the end of her bed. ‘Let me guess, he’s telling you his own version isn’t he?’
‘Well this could have gone better,’ Peter mumbles to himself as he follows Tony to the elevator, his last sight of the common area is of Wade hurrying to hide behind Wanda, and the girl threatening Bucky with her glowing fingers as he starts stalking towards them. At least he knows Wanda will keep Wade safe, and Vision will side with her.
‘I’m a merc, baby boy,’ Deadpool explains. ‘I’m used to getting called into fucked up situations. What if I said I’d give you my contact, then if you’re up shit creek like that again, I’ll come kick the bastards’ ass?’
‘Haven’t you learned never to underestimate Tony Stark by now?’ Steve chuckles, keeping his voice low so they can’t be overheard. ‘He overdoes things when he thinks he’s to blame you know this.’
‘Dr Monroe has been doing some work with Dr Jane Foster,’ Vision supplies, ‘she’s become one of the leading lights in theoretical inter-world travel.’
‘We thought we’d make sure you hadn’t got lost,’ Sam winks. ‘But it looks like you’ve just been staying out of trouble.’
home, Tony,’ Steve sighs, ‘you know so you can get on with some of that work that Pepper is always complaining you need to get done?’
‘Try doing hand to hand training with her,’ Bucky genuinely shudders and Rhodes laughs as the two of them take their places either side of Natasha.
‘So you all ready to give us your big performance, Stevie?’ Bucky grins as he joins him at the wall.
‘Right,’ Tony says, putting the teenager on speaker so Steve can hear as well. ‘So how did you end up drunk?’
‘Hammer came to Midtown High,’ he explains, cursing when his hands fumble in his bag and only come out with one shooter. ‘Iron Man turned up to help but he’s on his own until I get suited up. There’s soldiers everywhere, I think they want one or both of us. People are going to get hurt. Please Wade.’
‘I know,’ Peter cuts him off more sharply than he means to. ‘I just want to make sure. Just in case.’
‘It’s not your fault,’ he tells him. ‘I know what I have to do to keep both sides of my life separate and I just got careless.’
‘Not quite, sugar pie,’ she winks at me, then brings her knee up and sends me sprawling. ‘Ready to go, boss?’
‘Alright?’ Peter can feel his stomach sinking. He knows he messed up badly with Beck, and he’s been hoping to put off this conversation as long as possible.
‘Ok, getting too long now,’ he says after a few moments, earning himself a small smile from Peter. May gives him a grateful look over Peter’s shoulder. He stands up, pulling his suit jacket into place with a swift tug. ‘I better get back and see to our new guests. I expect you’ll be paying your usual monthly visit to us next weekend?’ At the kid’s bright smiled nod, he then adds. ‘I may have to speak to your aunt at some point about possibly making them bi-weekly when we’ve everyone back,’ he says half to himself and half to the other two occupants.
‘No, they put me in a cab and told him to take me wherever I needed, I told him a random address, then managed to slip into the suit and got Ralph to carry me somewhere else. I did that in a couple of cabs before getting into the one that brought me here. Hope I threw them off.’
‘It’s a bit of a long story, but I’ll shorten it as much as possible, bear with me and you’ll see why I’m telling it. So…if you’re sitting comfortably, I’ll begin,’ Tony adds with a smile, trying to ignore the nerves building in his stomach. ‘As I’m sure you know from working with my dear old dad back in the day, Stark Industries was first a weapons company. All of my billions came from manufacturing things that could blow up hundreds of people in a single hit. They used to give me a lot of names in the media, but you know what the worst bit was? My favourite one used to be ‘The Merchant of Death’.
‘Have you tried making her a banana split?’ he asks. At the disbelieving looks he receives he adds. ‘What? When MJ’s having her time of the month and being unreasonable we know to take her to have a banana split and if it’s really bad we let her choose the film.’
‘We do,’ Peter forces the words from his throat. Taking a deep breath he looks up from the table at Doctor Strange. ‘Do you think you can help me look at Venom’s memories? Like we did when you checked to see if he was still there?’
‘How many people do you think we lost in New York? In Segovia? How many do you think Cap lost during the war? Hell he thought he’d failed to save his
‘Yeah well as I’ve already told you, we don’t know any Wilson and I’m definitely not having underage kids in my bar. Now unless you want to buy a drink I suggest you both leave.’
‘Only because I let you,’ he responds, looking over his shoulder at the newcomer, ‘and as always you have impeccable timing. You’ll have to tell me how you do it, I think I need to be more dramatic.’
‘I’m ready when you are,’ he answers. They’ve stopped off at the facility to check on a few things, Steve and Sam are elsewhere and they’re due to leave to go back to the house at Long Island soon.
how Steve wants to spend it. He looks up at the three soldiers with a smile. ‘Rhodey you invite Mama Rhodes up here and tell her no arguments because we’re going to need someone to supervise the kitchen.’
is awesome,’ he says, going to one of the cabinets and peering inside. ‘It’s a good thing Wade isn’t here or he’d have lost his head,’ he chuckles to himself, looking at the mace behind the glass cabinet. ‘This place supposed to be a home or a museum?’
‘Practical,’ and Tony swears he sees a small smile on Nebula’s face. He sees Wanda helping Mantis in a similar way, the alien is not quite so steady on her feet as Nebula is.
‘Hey Sam, on your left!’ he shouts. The man takes the bait and looks back just as Steve swipes the ball from his feet.
It’s only when they enter the bathroom and the man spins him around and pins him against the wall with his walking cane that he places it.
-Relax, Barnes. I have formed a temporary connection so that I can more easily assess you, this means I can communicate with you telepathically and means I only need to concentrate on one place. The mind is more complex than you could begin to comprehend, even yours.-
‘Dammit Tony this isn’t just about the Accords. But now you mention it, yeah this is what you were like. You wouldn’t listen when I tried to tell you Bucky was innocent, when I tried to get you to give me time to find out what was happening.’
‘I’m wondering why you would have this kind of technology. I doubt it’s something you would have made just for me, this kind of thing would have taken years of research to put together,’ Bucky muses aloud.
Steve swallows and takes a deep breath. ‘Would you like to go on a date with me, Tony? I’d like to take you to Giacomo’s if you want to go for dinner?’
‘Why don’t you guys go ahead? We’ll join you in a second,’ Bucky tells the others, waiting for them to go through the doors before turning to Steve. ‘You alright, Stevie?’
Tony leaves before Wade can voice any more complaints. He stands for about half a minute in shock, trying to process what has happened. Then he heads to the drawers under his window and pulls out the carefully wrapped box, with the tag “Baby Boy” attached.
‘Well it’s not the most outlandish theory we’ve seen so far,’ Steve tries to look on the bright side. ‘Let’s face it Tony, if you could you’d adopt Peter in a heartbeat.’
Please do let me know what you think of these chapters. I'm hoping to finish writing this story next week so I should be able to start getting a lot more chapters up. The idea is to have it all up and posted by the new year.
need that drink in order to make this call, he grabs the phone from the table and flips it open. Bringing up the contacts he just sees one name.
‘Yes, thank you Bruce I think we get the picture,’ Natasha rolls her eyes. ‘And I’ll be honest it’s frankly terrifying.’
‘There’s still a couple open, I already checked. We may not be able to get everything, but we can still get most of it.’
‘Me? I’m the gal who’s going to teach you all you need to know about magic, dearie. After all, they really didn’t do a good enough job of it the first time around. Honestly! You just cannot get the staff these days. And once we’ve solved the problem of your lack of education, you can be an even greater asset to us than your friend there.’
A small team goes to deal with an attempted prison break, but Ross has a surprise waiting for the team that has Tony seeing red.
going to forgive him. As soon as Thor even looks as though he’s walking in the direction of the staircase down to the labs Tony’s glaring at him.’ He looks at the dark haired man out of the corner of his eye. ‘Should I ask why you needed such strict instructions when it comes to buying trees?’
about it yet; we’ve shouted things at each other that hints what we’ve thought and felt about the whole thing, but we’ve not had a proper conversation where we listen to what the other has to say without emotions getting in the way. I don’t- I’ve screwed up too many times by not talking about things like this and I don’t- I
‘Here,’ Tony fixes a small devise to one of her gloves. ‘It’s an emergency transmitter. Nothing should be able to block the signal so you get in trouble just press down on it. Make sure your glove is off though, it’s linked to your fingerprint.’
Once everyone has a slice and the rest of the cake has been levitated to the table with the rest of the food Tony comes over with a box in his hands.
He looks up to see if he can spot anyone else and he sees Wanda walking down between the chairs, her expression dangerous and her magic a darker red than he’s seen it before. Her hair is held back from her face by a dark red crown, and her dress is now replaced by red armour. She looks like something out of a fantasy novel. She looks like the title Agatha gave her. Steve briefly wonders if she’ll always end up wearing this armour every time she uses her powers.
It feels like an eternity passes before the man reaches up, fingers curling under the mask. He pauses, and Peter desperately tries to keep the hope that’s bubbling in his chest from his face, then slowly peels the mask the rest of the way off.
‘Slow it down, Ant-Man,’ Steve tells him. ‘We need to get the team together and do Hulk containment until we can get him to turn back into Bruce. Think a lullaby would work?’ His last question is aimed at Natasha.
‘But May,’ he puts on the puppy dog eyes he knows she has trouble resisting. And Tony definitely can’t. ‘I’ve just been told I can do whatever I want.’
‘You’re such an idiot,’ he huffs in response and follows his mentor inside, ignoring Wade’s protests as he does.
Peter makes room at their table as his childhood friend heads up the classroom to join them. Mr Harris turns his attention to the trip and the rules that they will all need to follow whilst at the facility.
‘How many hostages, Secretary?’ Rhodes asks, slipping into what Wanda has come to recognise as his ‘military face’.
‘Please tell me this is not the only topic of discussion?’ Peter all but begs as he sits at the table with his friends.
‘A couple of broken fingers,’ Steve’s voice catches, ‘but they think, as long as you follow instructions, you should have full mobility back once it’s all healed.’
‘Let’s get out of here before anything else tries to attack us,’ Wong suggests, leading the group back towards the Sanctum and the portal that will take them back to the facility.
Just then a great hulking beast that Bucky honestly has no idea how to start describing crashes through the opening in the barrier and barrels through their forces, scattering fighters from both sides in all directions.
‘So you mean you’ve arranged it so that the team has been working with him all this time without our knowledge?’
‘It won’t,’ she tells him, resting her head on his shoulder. ‘Why do you think Pete let Venom go?’ she changes the subject.
Steve takes hold of the hand over the reactor and brings the fingers to his mouth to press a kiss against them, then rests both of their hands over the bright light. ‘Tony, no matter what happens we face it together alright? Whether it’s Thanos, or fighting for the new Accords, or you know dealing with Peter’s new boyfriend,’ he grins at him, ‘we’ll face it all as a team. Whether it’s just you and me, or whether we’ve got the whole team with us. Just…don’t keep feeling you have to do everything alone.’
At the way Wanda’s eyes widen and the smile breaks out slowly, Peter’s heart sinks. ‘Is it a girl you’re seeing?’
‘Obi found me,’ he replies, his fingers moving slower over the pieces of an old repulsor in his hand. ‘His engineers couldn’t get the arc rector technology small enough to power up a suit and he knew we were on to him. So he came after the one I had.’
‘Yeah Pepper’s starting to get the last of the guests into taxis,’ the soldier says, ‘then it’ll just be us. I think I heard Tony bribing the DJ to play a couple more songs after everyone else has gone for the team. Knowing Tony we could still be going by the time the sun rises.’ Steve simply chuckles in agreement, which rapidly turns into a full blown laugh as they watch Peter attempting to teach Vision a dance move Steve is certain is called ‘the robot’.
‘Of course it is,’ he growls as the men in front of them collapse to the ground. ‘Clint! This was just the distraction. We got another one headed straight for the courthouse!’
‘My name,’ he says, taking hold of the top of his mask and ripping it off before he has time to reconsider. ‘It’s Peter Parker, Deadpool.’
sit here while they’re in trouble. Don’t make me. Or I’ll find my own way there.’ For what must be the first time ever he holds her gaze, refusing to back down.
Wanda just laughs as they wave goodbye to Ned and the two youngsters climb into the back of the car; his phone pings with another message and when they’re sat back and buckled in Peter takes it out and smiles, chuckling to himself as he reads the merc’s response. ‘So who’s that messaging you?’
‘Oh crap,’ he hisses, checking at his ear that the dial was turned off for voice. Thankfully it was and he heaves a sigh of relief. ‘How’s your night going?’
‘So you’re all going to be in teams of five, as that’s what we normally split the agents into, and you’re going to see how well you can tackle each obstacle, bearing in mind that each one will need to be handled differently,’ Bucky says.
‘It’s an Italian isn’t it? I almost feel bad going to an Italian restaurant that Tony hasn’t recommended,’ she laughs.
‘Ok then,’ Scott wonders if he’s hit his head harder than he thought during his flight. ‘So…what do we do now?’
‘Is that because you never let it end any other way?’ Vision suggests. When Loki doesn’t respond he doesn’t press for an answer. ‘I admit to enjoying our time today, Loki, I would be happy to do this again. It is a long time since I have been able to put my full abilities into play and I should like to do so again.’
‘What hasn’t been easy?’ the man is much more focused now, looking at him with intense dark eyes. ‘What happened with the prosthesis?’
Peter turns the beautiful ornament in his hands, all silver and gold across the clothing, and a serene smile on her porcelain face. The girls must have spent the most on this decoration. He looks up as the two girls come back over from the kitchenette where they’d just gotten a mug of hot chocolate each.
‘Senora Valdez and her knitting group made us all Christmas sweaters,’ Sam explains, ‘that ones yours and I say we all have to wear ours over Christmas.’
‘He’s not going to risk it at any rate,’ Rhodes agrees, looking over at Steve. ‘Tony taking the blame for Berlin-’
‘I wonder the opposite,’ Peter mutters to himself as he heads towards the bedrooms; he waves through the door to Scott and Hope, helping Cassie to unpack, and tells them of the new arrivals.
‘You’ve been spending too much time with Bucky,’ Sam frowns, glaring at the aforementioned soldier who starts sniggering.
‘Hey,’ he squeezes the soldier’s hand, ‘we will. I promise. How about this: every two months minimum we spend at least one night somewhere else. Even if it’s just a visit to the Cali house or something.’
The back hand cuts him off and sends him flying into the legs of one of the guards. The room behind her erupts in anger, and she gets a sinking feeling at the satisfied look on Hammer’s face. He turns back to the team. ‘Send me the schematics. Or I’m afraid, Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes, I may let one of the guards beat you in your little competition.’
‘And Tony is an expert in recognising that, Peter,’ Steve chuckles, ‘since he does it so much himself.’
Peter’s insides twist uncomfortably, remembering the last time someone had come to his school. Then he catches sight of the red-head a little down the corridor. ‘Natasha!’ without thinking he runs towards the assassin, seeing the worry tightening her features, and wraps his arms around her. ‘Please tell me he’s alright,’ he mumbles against her as she holds him tightly. ‘Please, please, just tell me he’s alright.’
, Wade. There’d be less of us sat here if it wasn’t for you. Do you accept the position on the team?’
‘They’ve just arrived themselves, Peter, I’m sure you’ll be there before I get chance to send anything,’ Karen says, sounding amused. He realises she’s right as he lands on the rooftop; the force of his momentum sends him skidding on his backside and coming to a stop right in front of Tony just as he’s stepping out of his suit.
The next hour or so is spent introducing Ned properly to each of the team members, Natasha is taking care of May and Peter doesn’t dare interrupt those two, they’re scary enough alone, together is just terrifying. The team had clubbed together and got him a range of limited edition Lego sets which he and Ned had geeked over and decided they were going to spend all tomorrow making. And no Peter wasn’t giving Tony the choice about sending his friend home this weekend.
‘So, what? The agreement that if he could be healed from the brainwashing he’d be allowed back as a full US Citizen was just a load of bullshit?’ Tony demands.
‘You’re doing alright, Cap,’ he says after a couple of minutes, and he sees the soldier visibly relax a little. ‘You’re just thinking too hard about it.’
‘He’s using the Time stone,’ Wong says, coming up to their group. ‘I’d guess he’s using it to look into the future.’
. I managed to make it out of the car and one of the shells landed right in front of me. Want to take a guess at what it said on the side?’
Steve laughs and kisses him, running a hand down Tony’s side. ‘You are impossible at times, you know that?’
He chances looking up as the trickster takes a seat opposite him. ‘Any ideas?’ he asks pointing to the clay on the counter in front of Stephen.
By the time they’d emerged from their room the couple had discovered everyone else at various stages of eating breakfast, and Wanda and Peter had taken it upon themselves to be the leaders in the decorating ‘mission’. FRIDAY had been instructed to play every Christmas song ever written and there were already separate piles for which rooms the decorations were going in to.
‘Yeah, yeah, whatever. Now go for a run or whatever crazy exercise it is you do in a morning. I need to finish this car.’
‘Exactly that!’ Peter says, latching onto Steve’s attempt to save him like a drowning man. ‘Yeah, nothing serious at all, Wanda’s just getting over excited about nothing.’
Bucky doesn’t give him any platitudes for which he is grateful. ‘You know the first Christmas we celebrated after I was free of HYDRA I had no idea what to do. Steve and I had always spent it together growing up but we couldn’t go and do what we used to do as kids, and everyone else we spent it with was dead. I almost wanted to miss out Christmas, it felt so familiar and yet so different it was so disorientating. But then I realised that Christmas, or in this case Yule, is not about doing the same things you always did, it’s about making memories with all the people you most want to that you can look back on and smile about. It doesn’t matter
‘This opponent was the fiercest of all in his protection of the prince and the princess,’ Tony’s voice gets quieter now the children are starting to fall asleep. ‘He was their Guardian Angel and would alert any of the other guardians if an intruder managed to make their way to the castle. No monster, no matter how small, no matter how sneaky, could escape his notice. And none of them would escape him.
