And that wasn't something John was sure he could give just yet.
to get pregnant for two and a half years. It might take some time for us to get it right." He didn't mention that his own age was likely lowering his sperm count or the fact that they still didn't even know if Sherlock's body was in good enough form to conceive.
Sherlock closed his eyes as if he hadn’t expected John to figure out what had happened. For a moment, thoughts flash in the back of his mind, making him wonder if he should have played dumb. But the pained look in the other man’s eyes when he opened them again--a deep and empty sort of hurt that show a sheer vulnerability--made John sure he had taken the right path.
Sherlock’s sensitive skin had a bad reaction to three of his seven home remedies, which he had spread onto seven separate divisions on his lower abdomen.
“My point--My point, Sherlock, is that you’ve deleted everything you don’t think is relevant to you. But you know fairy tales and nursery rhymes. Why do you think they survived deletion?” John threaded his fingers through Sherlock’s. The detective opened his mouth to speak, but John didn’t let him. “Some part of you thought you’d need them eventually. Whether it was the carrier’s instinct, a deep-seated hope, or a conscious thought, it doesn’t matter. You knew. Someday. And--well, that someday is approximately seven months away. We’re going to be ready. We’ll be great parents.”
The man in black was pressed against his back a moment later, urging John into the room, where there appeared to be a large, ornate bath filled with... lavender bubbles. On a small silver table next to the tub was a glass goblet, which John approached slowly, trying to fight it the whole way there.
"What if I was to spin you around right now and kiss you?"
“Six,” Sherlock said, not looking up from where he’d continued to plough through his list with the marker.
When he followed a moment later, the other man was cocky, standing much too close for John's comfort when he knew he could easily snap the smaller man's neck if he could just break away from the curse.
Most people assumed she was his niece. Of course they did--he was a single parent. No one assumed an unbound Omega would have a child. It was a perk afforded to him purely because of his status as the Little Brother of Mycroft Holmes. He was loath to admit it, but his brother’s position as the British government did come with certain benefits.
Sherlock scooted himself back up on the bed, lifting his knees and spreading his thighs in preparation. Surely John wouldn’t postpone their coupling for
The sound of all the air being sucked in his chest and the dull thud from the other side of the building played for him whenever his chambers got too quiet. It didn't matter that he'd been able to fix cracked ribs with a wave of his wand, and it didn't make it better that he'd been able to stop the bleeding and guarantee that no scars would mar white skin.
Sherlock's eyes flicked away from the window. There was a faint echo of firelight from the candle as he looked at John, and then he turned his attention back to the street. "Girlfriends are... Not really my area."
, John thought. He sank down onto the bed as he passed through the bedroom.
"Sherlock Holmes," the man said, not offering him a hand, but instead leaning forward to press his lips to John's and
John stopped himself just then, squeezing his thighs together covertly as he signed the last form for the day. All he needed to do was check in on his patients and promise them he'd be back in the morning, and then he'd be able to go home.
It felt like a betrayal of trust to John, and it wasn't sitting right in his stomach.
There was something in his eyes that John didn’t want to let go.
“Oh. You’re... back.” John starts for just a moment before catching himself and the Tesco bag. Grips the plastic. Moves through the entryway. The hall. The sitting room. Six steps to the kitchen. Two steps around the apparition.
Actually, John wasn't sure what would've happened. He didn't necessarily fancy himself as gay, or even bisexual, but he knew he wanted to keep having sex with SH and it wasn't just because he couldn't get a steady woman to sleep with. It was because that voice in his ear had woken him up three nights out of four with a persistent erection and he had never, never been able to get off just thinking about
Instead, John had sat himself astride Sherlock’s hips and was looking down at him with an air of confidence radiating about him. He looked
"Cutting alcohol out of one's diet is recommended while trying to conceive."
No matter how many people believed Sherlock Holmes to be numb and unfeeling, John knew that that had never been the case.
And every last bit of this picture of John Watson is for me.
John's wand arm lowered to his side against his will and he found his legs moving stiffly underneath him toward a blank wall on the side of the corridor. But it didn't stay that way--as soon as he came to a halt in front of it, John bore witness to an intricate carving that came over the stone before it fashioned itself into a door which opened for him automatically.
--it was all enough to send him spiraling over the edge himself.
If you can’t beat ‘em, he supposed.
"Your lot, indeed." Mycroft tapped his wand against his left palm twice. "I suppose you've had a day and would like to rest. I'll leave you to your chambers. I hope you find them comfortable."
John let out a small, breathy moan. He hadn't thought about it, but he was now.
“Just one night?” The receptionist asked. He had rather untidy hair and looked a little out of place in such a posh hotel. But the place was on Mycroft’s tab while the flat was inspected and de-pinkified, so John couldn’t complain.
When he returns with a damp flannel, he wipes me down and then hands it to me so I can clean up the couch.
That was when John's stomach sank. The moment their eyes met, the moment he saw that doubt flicker across blue-grey eyes in golden lamplight. His heart pounded in his chest and he struggled against the Curse, wishing for relief from its bonds.
“And... why two copies?”
Sherlock shivered. Everything was laid out in this. If he could make John agree to this, if they could safely make love with the assistance of the toy he now held in his hand, then they could bond together--and there would never be another date to call John away from, there would never be another scent lingering in the air when John came home the morning after.
he thought.
"Fuck me, John. Fuck my fist like you'd fuck my bare arse."
But here was John Watson, who had taken him apart with his hands and mouth and proved why Mike Stamford had jokingly referred to him as “Three Continents Watson” when he realized Sherlock had gone home with him. John Watson, who had clearly made it this far in life without accidentally bonding himself to some unsuspecting Omega.
"I do believe the courtesy of knocking is voided when one just enters without invitation, brother." There was a dark figure at the front of the classroom, slightly hunched over with his back to his guests. John assumed he was observing a busy cauldron, if the slight light silhouetting the dark mop of his head and curved lines of his shoulders was any indication. His voice was as cool as the room they stood in; deep as its place below the castle. John nearly shivered, though he couldn't be sure why.
John unfolded the small scrap of paper.
"You know, I'm not actually a pervert."
How obscene it looked behind his closed eyes. He spread his legs further, wantonly, practically begging for it with the answering silence of a man who had agreed to unspoken terms.
Sherlock’s eyes rolled back as John held his arms against the pillows next to his head. John leaned forward with all intentions of biting away every button on Sherlock’s infuriatingly tight burgundy shirt, but he was distracted by the neck being presented to him. He was always distracted by that neck, but now....
The woman pushed her braid back over her right shoulder and sat down on the rolling stool on the other side of Sherlock.
"You carry your neck and shoulders like a Hufflepuff," the other man said, his tone even and not insulting the way some tended to be when speaking about the Badgers. He had clasped his hands behind his back and was eyeing John the way a curious puppy might observe a new sound. "Your face is also expressive, but guarded. Too much so to be a Gryffindor, and you don't have the eyes of a Ravenclaw." John hadn't known they all had particular looks, but he didn't quip. "Of course, your biggest tell was the state of your knees."
Or what his lips looked like. John had felt them around his cock, on his neck, on his ear. He knew they could form wicked words that could make John leak, but he didn't know if they were pink or dark or what they looked like after kissing for hours....
"A quill?" John repeated. He stepped further into the classroom, his shoes tapping along hard stone that had always been a bit damp. The castle was full of memories, seemingly sprouting up with every step. He felt childish again, stepping forward toward an almost imposing shadow.
He was tired and had been looking forward to a good suck for
John looked at the flourish on the initials for a moment. He was about to stuff the note in his pocket and be on his way when another elf appeared in front of him.
It wasn’t uncommon for Sherlock to get lost in thought, but John couldn’t remember a time when it had ever happened in the
John edged up the bed a bit and rested his hand on Sherlock’s arm. “Where’s this coming from, then?”
I break away before we can start rutting like a pair of teenagers and lead him over to the couch, gesturing for him to sit in the center. While John makes himself comfortable, I go to the table to dig out a tube of lubricant from a drawer.
John was right--they didn’t need to talk about Annabelle right that minute. There was enough to be getting on with.
He couldn't keep still, and he had no intention of doing so, but the slow thrusts upwards into Sherlock's body were maddening, those supple lips against his own were demanding and breathless, and the only sounds in the room were overwhelming to him in a way that echoed quietly off the walls of the places he'd once stored howling fantasies.
True enough, when the blond-haired Holmes is finished, he announces to his fathers that he knows exactly what he wants. John and Sherlock, who are sitting on the couch with two cups of tea perched on the table in front of them, inquire to his wishes.
He met John’s eyes as the doctor’s fingers deftly unbuttoned his trousers and pulled down the zip, never breaking contact with the rapt grey-blue stare. John pushed down his jeans and pants to his knees, and Sherlock’s eyes finally dropped. The scent was threatening to overpower him again, and the bead of clear fluid at the tip made him lick his lips.
“Mmm?” John’s hand came to rest on Sherlock’s, but as far as he could tell, John wasn’t opening his eyes yet.
“What would you do if you found them?”
"I'll keep a chart. The... websites all say I should keep a chart." That normally deep, sure voice was drowsily breathless, as if Sherlock couldn't believe John was actually, kind of, maybe agreeing. "I could make a temperature graph to track my ovulation cycle, and I could make lists of the most commonly successful conception techniques. I've been researching."
It was signed with an elegant "SH."
He chose another blow job video, this time a redhead with small, perky breasts who was swallowing down an unrealistically large prick, moaning around it in high-pitched squeals. It was a little less accurate than he usually liked his porn (he'd never heard a woman squeal like that), but it would work.
"But only three men know what happened that night, and whatever it was is locked away somewhere in your mind that you won't be able to access." There was something in his words that made John feel like he was failing someone. "And my brother won't say a word about it beyond what he reported to the Aurors. He was much more concerned with seeing that you were watched over while you came out of your sleep."
Overwhelmed. Can’t be real. He knows there are tricks to dealing with this--to remembering to breathe--but can’t remember a single one of them. The illusion has never lasted this long; has never touched him.
And then Anderson had to go and open his mouth in a falsified whisper. “Guaranteed. I’d have been out of that flat before he could finish the unfortunate announcement--”
“Oh, fuck,” he says when I slip my lips back over the head of his cock. It’s more comfortable for both of us, I think, when he’s seated this way. His legs attempt to spread further for me, but his trousers won’t accommodate him. Instead, I hold be base of him in my hand, curling my fingers to steady him, and then slowly glide my lips down with firm suction.
He sucked on the other man's tongue just a bit too hard and ground his hips down. There were too many sensations to take in. Sherlock's hand inside his cloak and under his arse, the hard heat pressing insistently against his own, the warm promise of a bruise where Sherlock had sucked his skin.
Fortunately, living and working with Sherlock Holmes meant that John Watson had become quite adept at lock-picking. After finding an old credit card and a knife, he was able to jostle the lock into submission.
“Afternoon,” Sherlock said as he disappeared out the door, his billowing blue coat barely keeping up behind him.
John watched as the two men bustled off toward the door, Sherlock speaking animatedly, but quietly. Only a step or two from the exit, the taller man stumbled into the other so convincingly that John moved on instinct, only stopping himself on principle of instruction.
He dipped his tongue just below the glans to the tempting ridge, flicking lightly and taking the light tug on his hair as a good sign. His head was guided further, further and John was taking what he needed, stuffing Sherlock's mouth full of his cock and then holding him there.
Times weren't usually so desperate, but his computer had been struck down with a virus a week and a half ago, and between sleep and double shifts at Bart's, he hadn't had time to hit the pubs to find himself another short-term girlfriend.
“Your brother’s got us tickets for next Saturday,” John says from the doorway.
John supposed it was a good thing that he had somehow ended up in Sherlock's good graces, though he didn't have a clue how he'd done it, just that he hope to stay there.
that Sherlock decided he should never stop pressing John’s buttons.
His entire cock fit on the man's tongue when he was soft, and the sensation of it was odd, but pleasant. The stranger was working him with his lips, pulling roughly and stretching out John's cock, waiting for it to harden with obvious impatience.
The other two men shared a glance, and then there was a small nod from the Headmaster to the Auror, and the silver-haired man took a deep breath.
.” John ran his hand through his hair. He turned, took a few steps away, and then returned, pacing: “I thought I was meeting... I thought I was meeting, you know, a potential step-child, I thought maybe you and I--”
One of Annabelle’s little hands came up to clutch at John’s jumper, and both men looked at her closed fist in curious study, as if they could see through his clothes to where the scar was puckered beneath it. There was no way for her to know the significance of the man who held her, nor the scar she’d unconsciously found.
to John numbers at less than a dozen for their entire relationship.
That, and he was curious how long it would take the little toe to explode in the microwave.
How could he possibly have expected calm?
The angle was much more forgiving with a woman, but John paid it no mind, pushing up into Sherlock and gripping those thin hips to help Sherlock find their rhythm again.
with Sherlock Holmes.
“And what do I do once I have you to myself?” John asked, mouth dry. “Since I’m so hesitant.”
John was walking back from the cafeteria when he heard the voice.
“You’re pacing again,” Sherlock grumbled from the bed.
He figured he only needed between two and four to solve the murder. May as well have some fun with the leftovers.
“I’m not going anywhere, Sherlock. Not now, not ever.” His fingers held Sherlock’s wrist loosely before twining their fingers together. The angle was awkward, but the sentiment was there. John moved closer and he slipped his left arm further around Sherlock’s back. When they settled a moment later, they were sitting in the center of the couch, Sherlock’s left hand wrapped with John’s right, John’s left arm settled along the curves and folds in the blankets to rest on Sherlock’s right hip. There were so many blankets. It was like John was hugging a linen space pod.
He'd always gotten a drunken feeling from their soft moans as they moved toward cries of ecstasy; he'd loved how he could take the most conservatively-tongued woman and have her fisting hands in his hair and shouting curses to the gods.
"), and left hazardous potions ingredients strewn about in every nook he had to spare. John had come to expect waking to a summons from an elf, or to find that he was being called to the Potions classroom to bring a salve for third-degree burns the professor had inflicted on himself for the sake of his latest scientific venture.
“You’re thrilled, I suppose.” John joined him under the covers, getting close and waiting patiently for Sherlock to put the phone down on the nightstand. After a moment, the detective noticed and set it aside.
“Are you sure that’s--” Sherlock bit his lip when John’s teeth grazed over his collarbone. John touched his lips to the center of the other man’s chest, just above his heart as Sherlock took a deep breath. “Are you sure that’s a good idea? I thought you preferred--”
“I am, John. I’m here. I fought so hard to be here, John.” The steady repetition of his name on those lips shatters something. The ghost tries to fade away, loosening his grip. John pulls when he knows he should be pushing. “I’m not going anywhere.” That voice. A promise. A lie. John never thought this man would stop lying to him; he’s being proven right. “John, look at me.”
. Non-negotiable.”
Those words were a steady mantra in John's mind as he settled into the dark video booth.
, would he? God, the judgmental look the man was giving him made him want to crawl out of his skin. “Mr. Watson, Alexander here has let me know you wish to speak to me regarding our policies.”
Not that he'd ever considered it in the first place.
God, that coat really did work wonders for concealing that bump.
"I knew you'd come eventually."
Going up just a bit before Saturday because I have work alllllll day tomorrow.
John’s mouth presses against Sherlock’s throat and he laughs quietly against his skin, a puff of air and a ripple of his stomach against the leaner man’s. “Oh, God, this is absurd.” His hips falter for a moment in their slow slide and he shakes his head, grounding himself by sucking a delicate bruise into his partner’s shoulder.
"If the child was lucky enough to be anything like you, John, I'd consider it a success."
“For the love of God, John, get on with it,” Sherlock said.
"Oh, I know exactly where Molly's quarters are," Jim replied, his voice bored and a bit more singsong than John would've expected. "But it's so boring down there, don't you see? Little Molly, sweet Molly, with her kittens and flowers and
He groans, dropping his head back onto the sofa.
"I've pinpointed when I believe my ovulation cycle will begin next month," he said, switching the slides he was studying. "It would be most beneficial for us to have sex every two or three days for the full month but to have sex once per day in the four days when my body will be most fertile. There is a margin for error, but I'm confident that it should work."
There were a dozen thoughts that probably should’ve been going through John’s mind--most of which involved some level of concern for his impending children and also questions of his own sanity for choosing this man as the bearer of his children.
Sherlock shook his head. His nose was pressed into the spot where John’s neck met his shoulders, breathing warmly and evenly for what was surely the first time in hours. John carefully ghosted his hand along the curve of Sherlock’s hip before settling on the small of his back. He didn’t fully rest his hand on the other man’s skin until he felt a soft sigh on his own.
Now, of course, he could admit that he was overreacting. Annabelle was asleep in her bedroom upstairs, safe and warm. She’d wake up and demand to go outside to play in the rain, and he’d gather her boots and coat and bundle her up for an afternoon of puddle-jumping. No Alpha was going to break down the door and try to claim her, or Sherlock for that matter. There was no precedent that Sherlock could think of--as Mycroft had said, people simply
He drops the teacup, nearly scalding himself. It cracks on the counter and spills. Brown stains on his trousers and plaid button up. Doesn’t matter. Heat of an uncomfortable sort is overshadowed by the pressure on his left shoulder. A gentle squeeze. Friendly. Loving. Apologetic.
But this--being in John's protective arms after a forceful session--was something that he hadn't been able to have in his dreams. Now he could.
The bed creaked below the dreamer's shifting weight and Sherlock's mind tried to theorize what was coming next. He arched his neck and rolled his shoulders a bit, but he was pressed down into the pillows by a commanding hand on his shoulder.
“You want to share my heat with me,” Sherlock repeated, for the sake of clarity. He despised people who did that, but he was thrown; that was not the question he’d been expecting.
“You’re perfect,” John whispered. “Absolutely perfect.
"You smell like mould," John said against Sherlock's lips with a small smile before kissing him again. John's tongue snuck out from between his lips and pressed between Sherlock's, licking into the other man's mouth and then quietly retreating, inviting Sherlock to follow.
“High-end rent-boy, obviously,” Sherlock huffed. He didn’t sound offended in the slightest. John, however.
They were in Sherlock's quarters and it was nearly dawn, but John was too high-strung on adrenaline to be worried about the fact that he'd be knackered all through his Monday morning duties.
John curled his fingers with Sherlock’s and complied.
John was a doctor. An Alpha doctor, at that. He knew exactly what that scar was from.
A gentle squeeze to his silk-covered elbow would suffice, and he knew, without a shadow of a doubt, that his own touch would never stain Sherlock’s skin with more than a flush of pleasure.
"Of course, you're quite right, brother, but Professor Watson will also be filling the role of--"
The blue silk was draped over the alarm clock, where it had been rather unceremoniously tossed at the beginning of their lovemaking before bed. It was six in the morning, almost the same time as it had been yesterday morning.
“Happy Christmas,” Sherlock added as an afterthought, and then the door closed.
of me.
John was torturing him, though; he refused to fully seat himself without a few tentative thrusts, thrusts that made it feel like he had half the length on him that he did. Knowing full well what John and his cock were capable of, Sherlock let himself push back against John’s prompting, begging for the itch to be scratched.
“Another.” His request is wrapped in a gusty moan, nearly cut off.
In the end, it happened at a crime scene.
John and Sherlock, who had been sharing yet another look at the word “husband,” immediately turned their attention to the screen.
"I am working on a case for the Ministry," Sherlock said, settling back behind his work station. He touched the tip of the silver nib into his inkwell and started to scribble on his parchment. With his other hand, he held out the
“It will be fine,” Sherlock said. He truly believed in his hypothesis; their bodies would react perfectly to each other with the introduction of the synthetic omega lubricant. “I know you want this too, John. Holding yourself back now isn’t going to change the fact that this will all come to a head eventually. It’s just a matter of whether or not we’re prepared. Right now, right here--we’re prepared.”
“How do you propose we tell Hamish he’s going to get a little brother or sister?” John asks a few minutes later.
Sherlock arched his back, pushing up onto his elbows and letting John nose at the nape of his neck. It tingled in anticipation--the way the rest of Sherlock’s body seemed to--and it was at that moment that John’s cock aligned with Sherlock’s hole, making them both cry out in relief.
And so began their pattern.
Fuck.
“You’re covering yourself up because you think you’re different--and you are, but not in a bad way. I know you’re a vain man, Sherlock Holmes. No one dresses themselves in fine clothes and poofs out their hair like you do without a level of vanity. And I appreciate every single tousled curl--not to mention my admiration for the man who tailors all those trousers to fit your arse. But you don’t have to have a tailored waistline for me, Sherlock--your body is growing and changing because we’re having a baby--fuck, we’re having
One thing Sherlock has learned from early enough on is that, especially with Christmas and fairy tales, it’s okay to lie to your child. One thing Sherlock and John have learned is how to convey--with a single glance--that they are going to agree with each other on whatever lie the other has improvised. This is one of those moments, and the small quirk of John’s eyebrow tells him so.
Sherlock's eyes glanced at him in the low lamplight. "Of course."
Against everything his body wanted, Sherlock found himself falling backwards against the bed, arching into the body above him. Suddenly, he craved John’s hands on his wrists, missed the feeling of being held down from mere minutes ago. His skin felt like it was on fire at every point of contact and he turned his head away, groaning.
Now that the initial burning urgency of early heat had come down to a low simmer, Sherlock found he quite enjoyed savoring the feeling of John inside him. The man was different now than he was outside of heat--there was a possessiveness in every touch that Sherlock wanted to bottle and save for later. John’s fingers were on his hips, not squeezing, not even guiding him, just a present reminder that John was with him. Not to mention the thickening knot at the base of his cock, the sole difference between Alpha and Beta men. As Sherlock gave a twist of his hips, he felt it push impossibly deeper, preparing to bind them together for an indeterminate amount of time. The sole purpose of the knot was to ensure conception--but of course their mutual use of contraceptive pills nullified that risk.
But he had a week, he always did. A week to decide if he'd return.
Sherlock Holmes was sitting at the front of the classroom, sitting with his feet on his chair. His fingers were steepled beneath his chin, knees against his chest. "You look surprised to be here, though I'm not sure why you would, as you were invited, unlike most who cross that threshold."
It had been bad planning to keep his trousers low on his thighs, as John couldn't spread his legs enough to get him closer to the wall and to maintain proper balance. His balls were pressed halfway through the hole, the dull wood digging into him as he tried to press further into the warmth that was sliding up and down on him. He supposed he could have adjusted himself, offered his balls through he opening, but he didn't want to risk anything.
And then he went home and promptly collapsed, wondering what would happen next Thursday.
“So we are going to go to bed now,” John said. “And I’m going to show you exactly why you can be your gorgeous, confident, closetly-vain self while simultaneously carrying a set of Watson twins. Sound agreeable, Mr. Holmes?”
It looked rather like an incredibly thick torch with a flesh-toned silicone anus on one end. As ridiculous as it looked, he imagined that if he could find one large enough to fit two erect alpha cocks into, it could be just the solution he was looking for. The very idea of sliding his cock along John’s and into a tight, wet passage was almost enough to flare up his desire once more.
John raised a surprised eyebrow down at the frying egg, but he didn't say anything. Sherlock hated doctors--he hated being a patient. John had told him he'd be willing to perform a physical for him to determine if he really needed to see a reproduction specialist, but Sherlock had insisted on keeping John's work separate from the bedroom.
John's right hand tapped twice against his right thigh from behind him and Sherlock took it as a queue to spread his knees. He did as requested, wondering if this was another instance where he wouldn't hear John speak until climax.
He wanted
Their toy had rolled against John’s hip, temporarily forgotten but invaluable to the whole operation. The arms trapped by the half-removed jumper shrugged upwards, not necessarily trying to escape from the dominating alpha, but trying to get closer to
Where could a Romeo and Juliet romance like that of the Gryffindor Head Boy and Sytherin Head Girl go if they couldn't escape to quiet shadows in the dead of night?
We groan simultaneously as he enters me once more, and when he’s steady enough, he lets both hands return to gripping, spreading my cheeks as he watches himself penetrate me.
"I'd like to schedule you for an ultrasound sooner than the twelve-week scan."
“For your information,” John said, pushing himself up from where he was squatted down next to Sherlock. He’d been trying to give his medical opinion about an almost-undetectable poisoning, but, well, he wasn’t going to stand for their shite anymore. “Sherlock and I planned this pregnancy.
(See the end of the chapter for
In the morning, they’d become fathers--and it was a terrifying and electric thought to John, who had thought he was the more prepared parent in their game of house. But the side of Sherlock that had emerged since that conversation at the breakfast table had surprised him every step of the way, leading all the way up to this night, the day before their baby girls would enter the world.
He was waiting. John had to come home eventually.
“Home remedies?” Sherlock questioned.
"You know better than any of us how he likes to do things on his own, John. If you remembered what had happened, maybe you'd be the one telling us. But you don’t have that ability. We can’t let him go at this alone. If he does, there’s no saying if he’ll come out of it alive.” The Auror fidgeted with his robes a bit and stood straighter. “The Ministry wants to work with us on this, they want Sherlock to come forward willingly rather than resort to using a potion to get information from him.”
And as he watched John reverently press his lips to Annabelle’s curly blonde head as she slept on in his arms, he decided it might not be so unpleasant to take a step into the unknown if John Watson was by his side.
Yet here he was.
Four months, three weeks and six days and it was arse o'clock in the morning, but there: the little pink strip they'd been waiting for and no one in the whole of London cared that John Watson was half-hard from morning wood or that Sherlock smelled faintly of stomach bile and sweat--okay, maybe John cared, a bit, when he pulled the detective down for a kiss laden with morning breath and morning sickness and an overpowering feeling of success.
John stopped with the Headmaster and stared up at the entrance to the Potions classroom. He had come a long way from the scared first year walking into doubles with his housemates and the Ravenclaws. He barely remembered that boy now. Long gone were the days when Professor Severus Snape had been the scariest wizard he could imagine. Twenty-five years after the Battle of Hogwarts, he considered the man a hero. Who, then, now filled his shoes as Potions master?
Hot, sticky, sweaty,
So there he was, standing in the hall with a small cooler in hand, when the Alpha was once again in his proximity. His sense of smell was more in tune with his surroundings since he’d made the decision to skip his suppressant dosage every other day since the incident. It would change the timing of his cycle only a little bit, but it was worth it for the added awareness for peace of mind.
* * *
There was no reason for John to suspect anything. He just thought he was telling a casual anecdote about an accidental Baby Watson that was out there somewhere, probably getting pushed in a pram or tripping over wobbly feet and skinning knees.
“You can take it off if you promise not to run,” Sherlock said. He was holding John’s arms tightly in the jumper and breathing harshly between his words. He bit down on the lobe of his partner’s right ear, breath hot and humid as he whispered, “I’ll be so good to you if you don’t run.”
John maintains eye contact, breathing heavily through his nose as I slowly bring my mouth to the head of his cock and close my lips around it, dipping my tongue into the fold of his foreskin.
it was very different from kissing a woman, but not as unpleasant as John had imagined it would be. Soft lips with a trace of stubble at the end of the day, a tongue slipping along his bottom lip, a hard cock pressed against his belly and, oh, it was going to be so nice to live the man's promise from the hall.
"I meant about the boyfriend. I met him, he didn't seem off at all." He refrained from adding "Though my brain was still a little muddled from a lovely, homoerotic wank."
Sherlock clenched his teeth, his entire body tensing with the movement. It was another moment of small circles being rubbed into his back before he relaxed marginally. “I was fourteen.”
“It’s okay, you don’t have to tell me yet. I just...” John trailed off, withdrawing his hand to run it through his sand-and-silver hair. He wetted his lips, and Sherlock had learned to differentiate between nervous lip licking and the kind he exhibited in the early stages of arousal. This was the former. There was a long moment of contemplation that wrote itself on John’s face before he came out with it: “I feel like I should tell you that, well, I... also have a child.”
” John jabbed his thumb in the air over his shoulder. “A bloody
“I was planning to get a takeaway before taking this specimen home.” Sherlock gestured with the cooler. “But I could be persuaded into dinner.”
Third photo finished. John stepped forward to hand Sherlock the phone, but he was waved away as Sherlock reached for his shirt, which was laid out on the bed.
“You don’t have to answer me right away--I’ve got no expectations,” John added, “but I can tell your scent is changing and I, well. With your heat coming, I suppose I wanted to... offer to share it with you. If you wanted the company.”
"A murder," she sneered. "He gets off on this--on going to crime scenes, seeing the bodies, touching them. He's a freak."
“What are you looking at?” Sherlock got down on his knees and leaned in close to the roses. “Can you see the veins in the petals, just here?”
"It's so much more than that, John." Almost a whisper, just barely loud enough for John to know that it had been meant for his ears. John didn't add anything, thinking that Sherlock had reached the end of his emotional capacity for the night.
Most of his interactions with her outside of the infirmary had doubly involved Sherlock, so he knew that she was quite enamored by him. However, now she was walking toward him, arm in arm with a skinny fellow wearing a set of night robes and brown slippers. Molly was similarly dressed, only she was mostly in pink.
Sherlock nodded. John wanted him to speak, but he wasn't sure what he could say to bring a conversation into the mix.
John's breath was being panted hotly against his ear. John's head was resting in the space created by Sherlock's arms above his head, and the dark haired man twisted his head almost uncomfortably in search of that mouth that had so pleased him days ago.
"Bad luck, that. Must've dropped it while I was chasing a madman Potions master through Hogsmeade."
"What do you smell, Miss Weasley?" came Sherlock's almost-bored drawl through the open classroom door.
"Offer still stands," Sherlock said.
. When she’d been a newborn, he was certain there were times when he put her to bed only to find that she didn’t fit in her clothes the next morning. He sat an entire night once, just watching her, measuring her intermittently as she snored her tiny baby snores and keeping notes. It was hard now to imagine not being captivated by the very act of her breathing. He’d never wanted this, before. If asked again, he wasn’t even sure he’d say he wanted it now.
John Watson was not single-parent material.
“Is this what you wanted?” He rubs the head of his cock over my stretched hole, just barely kissing it with his tip. My spread thighs, burning and trembling already from the exertion, can feel the heat radiating off of him through his suit, and I nod at the wallpaper behind the sofa. I’m leaning forward on my elbows, nearly putting my cheek against the wall.
The base of the toy was only slightly wider than the rest in order to compensate for their knots swelling at orgasm, and it hadn’t been entirely clear exactly how that would work when Sherlock had been examining it earlier. But he was never one to shy away from an experiment, so when he felt the tingling heat at the base of his spine, he was partly curious to experience the results. However, he was mostly just praying their impending orgasms would trigger the bite to the neck he’d been desperately seeking since the night John Watson killed a man to protect him.
John raised an eyebrow, but smirked. “You don’t trust my ability to write complete sentences?”
His tongue glided along the side of Sherlock's throat, slipping around and applying a careful pressure to a slow-bobbing Adam's apple. If there was one part of Sherlock's body that was more sensitive than the rest, it was most certainly his neck. John had learned it very early on in their relationship and had used it to his advantage ever since.
Before he had time to question it, Sherlock was retreating while simultaneously pushing John away. The way their bodies forcibly disengaged was uncomfortable and startling, leaving John splayed to one side of the bed, bracing himself and trying not to crack his skull on sharp edge the bedside table. He didn’t get to ask Sherlock what was going on--his lover had disappeared into the en suite bathroom without a word, the door slammed shut and secured behind him.
“Efficiency” is
Okay, so maybe updates won't just be on Saturday.
Well, anyone important.
He supposed at this point it was sheer luck that no one had died or lost vital appendages.
That was the year someone first called him a freak.
Which brought John to a decision: did he leave Sherlock alone and assume he had control over the situation or did he barge in and risk making things worse?
More absurd:
John looked between the two men from his chair, but said nothing. Sherlock’s relationship with Lestrade was more involved than John could attest to--the men had known each other for years, and if Lestrade wasn’t a bit offended by Sherlock’s refusal to share his news, John would be surprised.
It had been a very awkward conversation that led them to the point in their relationship they were at now, but it was worth it for this. For the quiet; for the sort of intimate touches of breath and body that John couldn't remember having or wanting before Sherlock.
The look on John’s face could’ve moved to offended territory, but instead he looked--the only word Sherlock could think of for it was “smitten.” Which was a problem, all things considered.
John glanced up from the second page of E’s. “Six what?”
He ran the feathery end of his new quill along his bottom lip.
“So, what, I passed a test? I got you through your heat satisfactorily, so now you’ll settle--”
His hand on the back of my neck creeps up into my hair, gently, regretfully pulling me away even as I willingly retreat. I give his cock one last kiss, wetly, holding his eyes once more as I let my tongue snake out to collect the bead of moisture at the tip.
And for Sherlock Holmes, that was simply unacceptable.
I pull at his shirttails. “I have been told I’m bad at following standard operating procedures,” I reply, pushing down his trousers and pants in one go. “But I think a memorable shag like that calls for cuddling after, as you no doubt remember I’m quite fond, and I’d like to have you naked for that portion of the afternoon.”
They have an agreement going in. Leave it to Sherlock to throw it to the wind.
I roll my eyes at his wheezed attempt at sex humor and grab the lubricant from where I’d dropped it on the couch upon my return. It takes a moment to properly lubricate him without getting too much onto his suit jacket, but when I lift myself onto my knees to wrap my slick hand around his cock, my own erection rubs itself against the silk of his black tie, leaving a wet spot of its own in stark contrast.
John looked up at the ornate statue that guarded the office and said "Lemon cake" to make it spring to life. He ascended the steps mindfully, wondering why he still felt sleepy, even after sleeping in later than he'd usually be allowed.
. Immediately, his mind flew back to hours ago, when he’d climbed on top of Sherlock’s pliant body and announced his intentions only to be greeted with immediate apprehension. He’d written it off as performance anxiety. Now he knew better: It had been a trigger; one that open-fired memories even Sherlock Holmes couldn’t lock deep enough away.
Two updates this week to make up for it though, so hey, back on track on Saturday!
A hand splayed over his lower abdomen, pressing lightly before sliding down, forming a V with two fingers on each side of the base of his cock. Sherlock shivered when the hand moved back up, slid back down, and continued to repeat the motion. The only sound in the room was his own breathing and the gentle glide of skin on skin, the light scritching sound of those fingers parting in his pubic hair.
“Yeah,” he said. “He’s always like that.”
“Magunifying lens,” she responded confidently. Her clear blue eyes sparkled with the challenge.
When he found an empty break room, he dropped into a chair and pressed his hands to his face, rubbing the sleep from his eyes and trying to calm himself. If she lived through the night, it could be ten years.
There, in the blackness of the screen, were two grey shapes where only one had been a moment ago. John blinked and leaned forward, resting one hand on the side of the exam table while slipping his fingers from Sherlock’s to grasp his hand instead.
“Mrs. Hudson is sitting with her. I had... something I needed to tell you, and it was best I did it before you came in.” Sherlock thought that if he had been more of a simpleton, he’d be wringing his hands to release anxious energy. Instead, he held steady, facing John and preparing himself for the worst.
"Oh," John gasped, cock spilling into the other man's fingers. "Yes, yes."
Sherlock looks for a common thread and John learns the true meaning of Hufflepuff loyalty.
Sherlock was a madman, certainly. He stayed up until all hours, broke into John's chambers ("It's not breaking in if you keep making your passwords so
2. Jeremie
“Yes, because she was the older twin by an entire fourteen minutes and yet she was the less-loved Watson child.” Sherlock drew a large black X on three pages of names, but John wasn’t going to ask about it. He was sure he’d see it in his own copy when he went to browse later. “Our children won’t be quite so untamable, but if I didn’t expect a certain level of rebellion and outspokenness from them, I wouldn’t be giving our respective genetics enough credit.”
For a long moment, John stood staring at the dark, wooden door that had just closed five feet from his person. Christmas was in two weeks; Sherlock really intended not to see him in that entire span of time? Or longer?
“It varies by person, honestly,” John said, taking a step forward. “There are going to be more as time goes on, likely darker and deeper, but there are remedies we could try.” He found one of the mentioned stretch marks on the right underside of the baby bump and ran a finger along it, slowly and carefully so as not to make Sherlock uncomfortable.
The man was a bloody whirlwind.
“You wouldn’t have brought him to meet that sweet girl if he wasn’t a good man, Sherlock Holmes.”
And then there were two hands on him, running up his sides from hips to armpits, thumbs brushing lightly over his nipples on the downstroke. He arched his back into the touch and was promptly pushed back down onto the bed.
Oh God, what Sherlock would have given to truly see these events rather than supplying a mental image for the entire dream. The fingertip pressed further, seeking, and John's knuckle curled upwards, eliciting a shower of sparks behind Sherlock's eyes.
John hesitated at the cupboard as he pulled at a stack of towels. It was a long moment before he could take another breath. There were so few options. There was only one option, really, with a dozen variables, and he didn’t want to consider it. Didn’t want to take into account what he knew; what he didn’t.
until it was time.
"You caught that with your right hand," Sherlock noted after a short period of silence.
John came, burying his cock as far into that mouth as physical limitations would allow, and as the spasms jerked through him, lips tightened around his base and squeezed rhythmically, tongue coaxing him through his orgasm.
But he didn't.
.” John had one hand on Sherlock’s left hip, pulling him down without mercy. The air fought its way from John lungs in rasping, wheezing gasps, unimpeded as it had been in previous couplings. “Beautiful.”
"You know that it takes time to conceive," John said one night when they were readying for bed. It was nearly one in the morning and he was exhausted, but the pills out that morning made him feel like it was time to broach the subject again, as if he'd been able to think of much else in the last days.
It usually took a little longer than they'd been at it to get Sherlock ready, and it was certainly a snug fit, but John didn’t see any discomfort on his husband’s face to cause concern. Which was excellent, really, because John wasn’t sure he had the aforementioned stamina to survive this portion of the night, let alone last longer than a few minutes.
Because John--John Watson was having something of an attack in his head. He'd imagined a thousand different ways this test could go wrong. The heartbeat could be dim, or gone. They could see nothing, even though he'd slept spooned against Sherlock with his fingers on the barely-there baby bump just the night before.
"Rumor has it there is a pool-sized cauldron of the stuff inside the Ministry, but it surely isn't brewed as skillfully as I'm capable of. They aren't aware that I brewed it, but if they can't deduce that from my disposal notice, they're worse off than I'd hoped." A small smile played on the corner of Sherlock's lips. "Now, I believe you were going off to lunch or some other pointless human endeavor. I have work to attend to, so if you wouldn't mind."
John could hear a warm smile in her voice. He wondered if she had been prepped about what she was looking for. When there was potential for diagnosis of a miscarriage, he imagined a technician wouldn’t be quite so chipper.
Now, she was looking closely at a yellow rose with intense focus and curiosity.
he thought.
Sally and Anderson--and pretty much every other person in a twenty-foot radius--gave a little gape at the plural, but no one was saying anything.
"The interfering bastard already knows." Sherlock tugged at his left coat sleeve anxiously. "He thinks we'll name the baby after my--"
“Master Holmes has assured Fizzy that Master Watson has permission to be in the Manor, sir,” an elf with a low voice said, “even though Master Watson is a Muggle-born, sir.”
John's eyes snapped open and his hand stuttered to a halt, quickly covering himself out of modesty, like a teenager getting caught having a wank. He looked to his side, now snapped out of his reverie, and wondered if an enthusiastic wank on the other side of the wall had just made him paranoid. He took a deep breath, telling himself he just had a guilty conscience about being in a porn shop.
John followed him with inquiring his eyes, turning. “Are we not going inside?”
His partner had a light stubble on his chin today, which was unusual, but it wasn't an unwelcome texture against John's balls whenever the other man reached the base of his cock with his lips.
Beside him, John had simply said "poor sod" and excused himself from the room to inquire about technical details that Sherlock would likely want later but couldn't be arsed about now.
Sherlock looked at the clock. It was half six. No surprise that Mrs. Hudson was up and about. He'd gotten about three hours of rest himself, though what constituted as "rest" to the rest of the world simply meant he'd closed his eyes and entered a body that didn't require physical energy so that his own could replenish its stores.
He didn't mention that some carrying parents experienced it through the entire pregnancy. He was sure Sherlock had come across that in his research. But everyone was different--surely Sherlock's body wouldn't betray him quite so indefinitely.
“Sherlock?” He walked into the living room and found Sherlock looking up at him from the couch, sitting with an almost-empty plate in his lap and a huge volume opened in front of him. The plate that had had almost half of a three-tiered chocolate cake on it last time John had seen it.
“You’re forgetting that you need to sleep. This is likely one of the last nights of quiet we’ll have for quite some time. I’d have thought you’d take advantage of it and get a full eight hours.”
John watched Sherlock's pale features for recognition. There was a small bit, but John suspected all Sherlock knew about Jim was the bit about the hair product, which had all been an act in the first place.
John stopped, mid-stride, mid toweling his hair, and looked across the kitchen to where Sherlock was returning to stare down his microscope. There was an open notebook next to it with several hastily scribbled lines, but John didn't see a pen anywhere.
And when he slid his fingers into those beautiful curls and pulled that heart-shaped mouth down on his cock, John knew he agreed, whole-heartedly.
"Headmaster." He inclined his chin toward the Headmaster, fearful for a moment that he was breaking some sort of curfew from the way the imposing man was looking at him. Then he realized he was being completely silly. Of course professors didn't have a curfew.
“Sherlock--”
Then the detective’s arms were around him (quite awkwardly, considering the twins) and John nearly dropped the ring onto the poor, poisoned bloke at their side, but Sherlock caught his hand. John barely managed to get the ring onto Sherlock’s finger single-handedly before warm lips brushed his, a quiet whisper of “yes” before closing in.
The wand was snapped into two pieces, each of them tossed in different directions in the woods. They wouldn't be traced back to him, even if the twigs were found.
“Doctor Watson.” Mycroft nodded his greeting as John approached.
“Six names.” Sherlock finally looked up at him, sliding a piece of paper with three sets of paired horizontal lines. “We need a set for a boy-girl pair, a girl-girl pair, and a boy-boy pair.”
No regrets!
He excused himself wordlessly and headed for the Great Hall, considering Sherlock's state of mind as he did so. They had been working on a case for Lestrade for several weeks, a case that had so far nearly gotten Sherlock killed on six different occasions, the most recent being the fall from a rooftop in Diagon Alley. Three suspects had thus far been apprehended, but John could tell Sherlock was getting reckless in his frustration.
"Any use of fertilization drugs or home solutions?"
He let out a sharp breath through his nose, clamping his mouth shut when John's lips closed completely around him, just below the ridge of his head. The doctor began to slowly lower himself, until--and Sherlock imagined that such a maneuver was only possible in dreams--his nose was pressed into the thatch of dark hair at the base.
“Oh, was that not your... friend?” She asked, eyebrows raised in suggestion and concern at the same time.
John looked up from where he was collecting the various sheets and pillowcases for cleaning.
The jumper smelled of John, though not quite as strongly as a pair of his pants would have. Those had been suspiciously absent from the set when Sherlock had gone in for his heist.
Mycroft’s face was an unchanging slate, but if John had to guess, he’d say there was a hateful smugness below the surface. “My father hasn't been heard from in more than a decade.”
He hummed a bit, rubbing up and down, giving himself a slow tease before taking himself in hand at the base. The last time he'd had a nice mouth wrapped around his cock had been--what? Six, seven months ago? God, he needed to be less of a workaholic. If he could just get away from the hospital for more than an hour outside of needing to sleep, maybe he'd have better luck finding someone who would sleep with him more than once.
"I'd like to send you to my family home, where my brother will be staying for the duration of the winter holiday. I'll remain here in the castle." He picked up a piece of parchment and held it out. "This is a map of Holmes Manor, as it's very large and I imagine you wouldn't have a hard time getting lost inside. My brother spends most of his time in the East Wing. He keeps a bedroom, a  laboratory, and a few other rooms there." The tip of the quill skittered over the paper in a small circle as John held it at army's length for the Headmaster to direct him. "In this room--" The quill paused. "Is a wardrobe. The password to open it is 'Adler.'"
“John?”
“I know it’s a lot--”
Sherlock groaned and clutched at his stomach. "Leftover Thai," the consulting detective said before retching again into the toilet bowl. John stroked his back, not even wincing at the smell, and offered to make a run to the store for crackers.
He should have known Sherlock would deduce that he was checking up, but it was for their own good. There was no use in trying for a baby if Sherlock didn't understand how much their lives would change, not only immediately after the baby was born and for the rest of their lives thereafter, but in the trying and the subsequent pregnancy.
“Even if I can’t-- I don’t think I could do it, John--I’ve--I’ve never wanted to and if you need that--”
Mycroft moans and bites his neck hard as he comes hard into him.
The horse starts to walk to the right. “Excellent. Now if you want him to stop pull back gently on the reigns evenly “
"Mm tell me your safe word." He kisses and nibbles on his neck.
He kisses his bulge, looking up a his face.
Sherlock shakes with every breath, his grip on John’s hand tightening. “J-John, what.. what’s happening? What am I.. am I okay?” He whimpers as another wave of panic flows over him. He slumps against John, still shaking.
Veronica growls against her and kisses her deeply.
Greg nods, not opening his eyes. “It would feel stalker-ish if you watched me sleep.”
“Mm cuddle and a nap.” Morna purrs.
He smirks as he watches them all approach her, waiting for someone to start things off.
"Gorgeous." Collin praises as he moves around Sherlock taking pictures from different angles.
He moans around him, closing his eyes in pleasure.
Mycroft smirks and easily pushes into Sherlock’s mouth.
He smiles and hums.
"Of course dear," she pat's his cheek then steps back to allow him to leave.
She mewls softly and relaxes.
Greg chuckles. “You didn’t do as I said. Plus I know how to put cuffs on people so they can’t get out. Giselle Dimitri. Greek? Where is it?” He asks, still refusing to give them pronouns or acknowledge them as people.
Cecil smirks and rocks up against her, moving the plug. "You've made a mess."
“Your good boy..” He mewls, quivering a bit.
Michael moans loud as he comes hard into her.
Sherlock presses the top of his tongue against the spot where John’s neck meets his shoulder and he twists his wrist on every up stroke.
Sherlock nodded. "Yes, my omega."
Sherlock nods. "Would you like to tell them, brother dear, or shall I?" He nods at Mycroft's silence and continues. "Sherrinford has always been rather.. jealous of the two of us. He's eccentric and strives for greatness in the wrong way. He's currently the leader of one of the largest cult in Europe. He also isn't too fond of our 'choice' in sexual orientation. It would be my understanding that he would like to separate the two of you."
“Well, he may have a clearer head about everything since he’s a beta. Seeing things from an outsider perspective as it was.” Sherlock rubs John’s back.
He hums happily and nuzzles him back.
Mycroft smiles and drags his finger further up, resting it on her hip. “How are you feeling ma’am?” He asks softly.
Kia struggles to move, being left like this a treated like meat wasn’t her joy. Unknowing her powers leached out of her in search of her joy whatever that may be. She stops struggling when she hears Myropis’ footsteps coming towards her.
Dominic shakes his head. “We’re both happy. Thank you Margaret.” He smiles.
He gasps and rocks with her fingers, moaning breathily. "Yes.. want to squirt buckets. Want to be able to come from my cock and squirt at the same time.."
Sherlock smiles and goes to kiss him.
He gasps and moans loudly. 'Yes!'
“He has but he’s never met one he wanted to top him.” She giggles.
Zack smiles as he watches Chloe and his mum hug.
“If you say so.”
"So what is going on exactly?" John asks. "That's what I'd like to know." Greg sighs.
"Duty calls." He chuckles.
He frowns and shakes his head. "N-No.. I pushed you too far the other day. I should've let you be."
John glared a bit at Greg but took his hand, the vibrations driving him mad.
He licks up the drips of water as the run down his skin and Jake fucks him with three fingers.
But Annabelle--Annabelle was more interesting than he ever could’ve dreamed.
A moment later, John felt the hips behind him still and a soft groan was uttered against his ear, his own name slipping out with it a moment later. "John," the stranger said. "Oh, perfect."
John watched the other man as he turned and walked away, his shoes clicking against the stones the same way his words had bounced off them only seconds ago.
Obviously nothing, but for some reason, it was instinct.
His own cock was aching, and he wondered if he could finish without being touched outside of a dream. He was curious to find out.
Nor did it matter much, anyway.
It meant something so much more than anything he could ever remember feeling.
The look John received from the professor was clearly one of the "I am not on such a low level" variety.
“You thought about having me over the table before they’d even got downstairs,” Sherlock notes, pressing up so that his cock rubs against John’s navel. It’s warm and a little slick, but not enough to get him off. Anyway, he does it again. “You keep thinking about how long it’s been since we’ve--”
“Sherlock,” John said, closing his laptop.
Hands gripped his hips and held him in place as John fucked his mouth with Sherlock's arousal. That glorious tongue was swiping in small curves on each up and down stroke, keeping Sherlock's mind at war with what he wanted--torn between wanting to climax and wanting to ride it out for as long as the dreamer would let him.
“Hamish, remember helping Mrs. Hudson bake? And how you had to wait until the pies were ready to come out of the oven?”
that he’d rushed off into a hail of frozen water.
know that the big man in red was a fraud. He blames Mycroft.
It was healthy on him, and no one would dare say otherwise.
"You heard me speaking twice today, both times close enough that you would've been able to put a face to me, a name to me. But you avoided the obvious choice, instead choosing to avoid me. Why?" They were shadowed by the surrounding buildings and John could already feel the other man pressed into his back. He leaned into the warm body on instinct.
The brief dispelling of the Curse was enough so that when Moriarty stepped in front of him, John could feel his body twitching with the need to get the man in a hold to give Sherlock enough time to get away. If he could get him out of the room, he'd be safe. They'd be okay. He could take care of Moriarty on his own if he knew Sherlock was alright.
John toweled off and dressed for the day, ready to use the walk down to Sherlock's chambers as a ten-minute self-berating for so using his friend's trust. He tucked his things into a corner for the house elves to retrieve and, once he'd fastened his tie, he left the bath and headed down the hall.
"This is where the wardrobe comes in, John," the Headmaster explained. "Inside it is a Pensieve, which my brother would refer to as his ‘Mind Palace.’ He empties excess thoughts into it regularly, so that he never has to worry about forgetting anything. If he has gone home to recollect his thoughts and get everything in order for a potential showdown with Mr. Moriarty, I believe your incident in the Room of Requirement would practically be swimming on the surface." The Headmaster pointed to the room again, the one with the wardrobe in it. "Just get into this room, John, and you'll be able to get us the information we need."
“Just a moment,” Sherlock said, and John could hear the rustle of cloth as Sherlock dressed.
He came with a barely stifled gasp against Sherlock's shoulder, moving carefully in and out of Sherlock's stilling body until the last drop had been taken from him and over sensitivity began to kick in. He stopped moving but held Sherlock near, bodies still joined, while their trembling slowed and breathing returned back to a more regular rate.
None of the other professors would be in the bath quite so early; he'd have all the privacy in the world to spare. He packed up clean robes into a little pack and headed toward the nearest bath chamber that was meant for professorial use.
"It's customary to wait until after the first trimester, when one is considered 'out of the woods.' We're almost to that point, so I don't see why we wouldn't want to tell people." Sherlock's fingers wound in his scarf and gave it a tug. He was looking flushed. He was used to wearing the coat in the middle of summer; it wasn't anywhere near the normal heat he subjected himself to. But it seemed that the new hormones weren't fond of warmth, at least from John's point of view.
John had he miserable realization on Tuesday morning when he saw on the news that a local porn shop had been shut down after its owners were arrested for a string of vicious murders.
he thought as he watched the other man disappear in a haze of green.
A knock on his half-open bedroom door pulled him out of his thoughts. Had he truly been thinking for that long?
--and not think that he is the most incredible person in the room is beyond my comprehension.” John paused, daring anyone to say a word. “He is--”
"Is he going to be okay? Should I send word to my parents?" The red-haired teen watched as her brother stopped growing, his skin stopped stretching, and his robes began to cling to his girth as they soaked through with the water.
And yet there were moments like this, where Sherlock would parade about half-dressed.
An hour later, he had settled himself into his plush new chambers and was happily sinking into a rather comfortable armchair by the fire when a house elf appeared in the center of the room with a
“Tell me you didn’t eat that whole thing by yourself,” John said, trying to remember exactly how much cake had been there.
John shook his head, curling one hand's fingers into Sherlock's hair in a desperate act to keep the other man's mouth against his. "He'll still be evil in the morning."
John, of course, is out among the common folk tending to daily life. He’s at some cousin or other’s funeral. No one he was close to, but John Watson is a terminally loyal man; he had to pay his respects even though he wasn’t even sure he’d be able to pick the fellow out of a lineup.
even with a pair of children growing inside his body, Sherlock had been more comfortable. He’d stopped wearing thick t-shirts to bed, he’d stopped getting fully dressed before coming out of the bathroom.
"Pumpkin pie?" the boy questioned. "And... Um." He turned around to Sherlock and shook his head, heading back to his seat, where he sank down and blushed furiously.
Sherlock takes the better part of the next hour making sure “
And maybe he never thought much about it before--there had been small, fleeting glimpses of coming home to Sherlock with the positive test, small hopes of getting a visit at work with the news--but it made sense that it turned out to be the first of many messy mornings when Sherlock promptly pulled away, a small, almost apologetic smile on his lips, and dashed for the bathroom with his hand over his mouth and the test dropped in John's lap.
and he was just about to think about how Sherlock was a lucky bastard that he could ignore his body's pain signals--but before he could spare another thought, Sherlock drew back barely an inch from where they’d simply been breathing together, mouth falling open in a quiet
But those were things they could deal with. Maybe not in public, but it would all be dealt with on their own time. Sherlock and John--they were untouchable.
All she had to do was survive the night.
, next time.
He had to stand to properly divest himself of his trousers, and John nodded toward the overnight bag on the chair, figuring it was probably best to be prepared for all eventual outcomes so they wouldn’t have to leave the bed again. Once he found the small bottle in the side pocket, Sherlock crawled back onto the bed, positioning himself between John’s spread legs like a cat of prey prepared to pounce.
John was determined to see her again. Now he’d had a glimpse. That had to count for something. If the clock ran down again, he’d just look around. He was bound to recognize those short curls. It would probably be a bit mad of him to chase her down, but honestly, it was getting ridiculous. Three times? That was practically unheard of.
He couldn’t feel his toes, couldn’t even be sure if he was still at Baker Street. The whole thing made him feel like he was in a drug-induced delirium with the pleasure from the bonding. He held John closer.
.” Sherlock plucked the lens from his pocket and handed it to the grabby-handed toddler who was digging into his coat. Her little fingers grasped it and tugged gently. He narrowed his eyes, lips turning up softly, and waited for her to repeat him.
John watched in horror as Sherlock dropped his wand and began to do the same rubbing and patting motions that John had been subjected to moments ago.
"What do you smell, then?" John asked, though he didn't expect an answer. Sherlock probably didn't smell a thing; the man was celibate as a rock.
The morning of his ultrasound--one with an internal probe to get a closer look at the baby--Sherlock wasn't allowed to drink anything, because they needed his bladder as empty as possible. Thankfully, his morning sickness was mostly gone (or at least at bay) and he wasn't quite as miserable as John was.
And then Sherlock would turn. That belly would turn with him, and there were the twins, housed safely inside that lovely, lovely man.
Why does John feel hungover? And where is Sherlock?
All in due time, he supposed.
A pregnant woman across the room gave John a stern glare, and he wanted to tell her that he wasn’t serious about the whole “tying Sherlock up” thing, but he wasn’t sure that would be telling the truth.
His mouth watered and he licked his lips, waiting.
to bed someone like Sherlock? He was Three Continents Watson. If anyone was going to be a high-end male prostitute it would certainly be--
It was a bit of a long shot since Sherlock had already started experimenting for the morning, but it was worth a try.
I stop for a moment and catalogue everything about the way he looks—the peachy-rose glow of his cheeks that spreads down his neck and below his shirt collar, how his eyes roam over my naked body with both pride and possessiveness behind them, and the jut of his full cock from the zip of his trousers, hot, red, and leaking.
The door opened and there was a quick intake of breath as Sherlock knew John's eyes were raking over his mind's fondest wish, spread and ready for him. And Sherlock was ready for anything John wanted to give him, he'd taken care of that with John's own lubrication.
At the top, there was a short corridor with a pair of rooms on either side. None of the rooms made a sound, but John didn't trust the silence. He peered into each one through dark cracks until he found one with a faint flicker of light that seemed unnatural to his eyes.
But the water wasn’t running any longer and
There was an odd pause in John’s ministrations after he undid the final buttons, and Sherlock came crashing down from the short-lived high of the potential fling thanks to the reminder of his Caesarean scar. John’s finger ran along the vertical line that started at his navel and trailed down, the remnant of emergency surgery that stemmed from Annabelle’s placement in the birth canal. No one outside of his daughter and his doctors had ever seen the scar before, but here it was being looked at curiously, traced reverently with a gentle hand.
"I understand, but why not just... I don't know, tell him how serious this is?" Even as he said it, John wanted to laugh at himself. Sherlock never took anything more seriously than he had to, and he certainly wasn't going to cooperate with the Ministry just because they
He could feel his balls drawing up and he pumped into that tight hand-and-mouth combination, grappling with the wall for anything to keep him on his feet, something to get him through the wall and closer to the other man. He was so close, but he needed just a bit more. The stranger had gotten everything right so far, had worked him so well, he just needed to--
The doctor crossed the room slowly and hovered by the edge of the bed next to Sherlock's face.
He could tell when the doctor was getting close. It felt like he was swelling further in his mouth, pressing more desperately into his throat but trying to hold back at the same time.
John realized belatedly that Sherlock was struggling as they got closer to the bed. He stopped a few feet away and just held Sherlock, letting him breathe, grateful that the other man wasn’t drawing away from him. His eyes were closed as he drew deep breath after deep breath and his teeth chattered. John felt more determined to warm him up, but the living room was so much farther away and it was certainly the only other place that Sherlock might find comforting.
could keep track of it. Why should Sherlock bother with something so
“Your finest suite, I think,” John said, still flustered. What did it say about
“I can just... ride you, if you’d like to try to sleep through it.” Sherlock kept his tone light and joking, but he was completely serious. He couldn’t wait another 82 minutes for John’s sleep cycle to complete; he could already feel the heat pooling between his hips, a waiting emptiness. Neither of them had more than three hours of consecutive sleep since this began, so he could understand if John needed... a respite.
He gave John’s cock a few firm strokes. It was amazing how differently it felt in his hand when the knot was essentially activated by his own pheromones. It was hotter, thicker than it was outside of his heat, and he found himself wanting to get a measuring tape to compare.
"Sherlock." The man was buried under the blanket and pillows, only one hand visible from under one of the pillowcases. John took it, stroking the open palm with his thumb.
We’ve never done this before—never had such a clothing disparity between us. It’s usually a duel of hands to see who can get more buttons undone in less time, who can get naked first. But the more of me that is bared to him, the more determined I am to keep him fully clothed.
"Effie has a note for Professor Watson," she announced with a small curtsy. Her wide, grey eyes looked up at him expectantly. When he hesitated, she held out her note again.
"I thought maybe you weren't coming, doctor," the man said, and John froze in a panic, wondering how he knew what John did for a living. He couldn't possibly have known him in real life, John didn't know anyone with a voice that deep. No one else who had ever spoken to John had such a
When he came into shaking fingers a moment later, it was with Sherlock's name bitten down on his lips and with fingers grasping uselessly under the water to pull an invisible head of dark curls down, down, begging for something deeper.
Lips parted and closed against his own, teeth occasionally sneaking out for a teasing nibble at his bottom lip. John let his hands slip up his lover's pale back, knowing every blemish and freckle on that expanse of white without having to see, pausing to thumb over the sensitive sides of Sherlock's ribs before wrapping back around to pull him closer by the neck and shoulders.
But John wasn’t pressing about Sherlock’s scar--it was only fair that he return the courtesy.
His arousal began to trickle down the backs of his thighs. Perhaps experimentation could wait.
“We can multitask.” John pulled his jumper over his head while kicking off his shoes. When Sherlock reached for the button on John’s jeans, wanting to unwrap him like the gift he was, his hands were swatted away. “You have to get naked too, you menace.”
"Do you think we should have a child?"
“I thought ‘One to be the control,’” Sherlock spat. “My brain is hardwired for experiments, John, so much so that when I was seeing our children on that monitor for the first time, when I was holding your hand and worrying about a heartbeat or miscarriage--as soon as those fears were unfounded, I thought ‘I’ll have a child to be a control now.’ What kind of parent am I, John, that I would jump to thinking about testing a child?”
He had attained
"You have thirteen pills left in this cycle," John said. "What do you say to finishing them?" Sherlock pulled a face while looking down at their fingers and John squeezed his hands. "It'll take time to do this, Sherlock. We should have tests run, we'll have to put a few pounds on you so you get back into a regular cycle, and we'll need to ween your body off its nicotine and caffeine addiction."
John let out a long sigh through slightly-parted lips and withdrew his hand, holding the base of the toy with both hands as though to keep them to himself. “We have to be very careful about this, Sherlock. We could hurt each other--God, look at what happened last time--”
and crushed their mouths together.
John closed his eyes, waiting for the kiss, waiting for the aforementioned lips to press against his. He was suddenly lost in this fantasy, and he could see it clearly. Could feel the apprehension in the pit of his stomach, the same way he’d been nervous about taking his friendship with Sherlock to another level. First kiss, first time, marriage. All of those nerves were back.
It’s slower now, possibly because John’s taken over and decided he wants it to last. Sherlock can always tell what he’s thinking about based on how he’s moving--and right now he’s trying not to remember how they used to be able to do this all over the flat. Over the couch, the kitchen table, the desk, the bloody television set.... And then suddenly they’re both remembering the fact that their son, who is currently downstairs with their landlady, was probably conceived on the steps to what is now his bedroom.
“Give me one second, one second and I promise I’ll give you what you need. Just--just let me--” John was wriggling away from Sherlock, which was simply unacceptable, reaching to the other side of the bed and digging under the pillow. His body was stretched out on top of Sherlock, apparently not going anywhere. All that skin for the taking, so Sherlock did. He nipped at John’s left shoulder, just above the scar, and let his tongue trace around the starburst of silver-pink skin.
Christmas morning marks the third day that Sherlock has known, but it’s all been so busy that there just hasn’t been time to do more than confirm the news with himself, let alone
Though perhaps it’s best to not mention that he didn’t pay attention to a minute of it. Instead, he settles for: “Three weeks before Christmas. He’s losing his edge.”
John, who was still angry at himself for his morning wank the day before, couldn't say as much.
“You were telling Mike about your limp as I came around the corner--I ran into you and you were instantly able to stabilize the pair of us, even though I’m significantly taller. And you’ve been standing since without the assistance of your walking stick.” He inclined his head toward where the walking stick was abandoned on the tiled floor. “You’re not favoring one leg over the other right now--even if you were posturing to show Alpha strength, I’d be able to see through it--so you’re simply not aggravated by pain. Ergo, a psychosomatic limp.” Sherlock released John’s hand with something resembling reluctance rumbling around in his gut and bent to retrieve said walking stick. The cooler containing the toes was just a few steps away, so he retrieved that as well, and when he stood back up and offered the stick to the doctor, the man was smiling. Beaming, even.
"I am careful," John protested. "You're just a bloody mind reader."
This--now--it was right. God help him, he was proposing at a crime scene.
Obviously a jilted lover. Castration tended to be a crime of passion. Girlfriend, wife, or boyfriend, then. Done while he was tied up, probably while he was aroused and ready. Trust, of course, was probably not the best thing to give someone who you were pulling one over on. He'd worked out almost all of it, but he didn't say so just yet.
But for now, the detective supposes he’ll have to deal with the fact that his son has visions of flying sleighs in his little blond head. Not a single sensible thought is given to physics or the biological makeup of reindeer. No one else at Baker Street seems to remember that one man--especially one who looks like a pre-gastric bypass Mycroft Holmes--could ever fit down the chimneys of every child in the world in a single night.
After John's last fantasy, Sherlock wasn't surprised to hear a zipper being pulled, nor was he surprised when John got closer and he felt the wooly jumper pressed against his back.
A tentative finger pressed between Sherlock's lips and he took it in eagerly, drinking in the soft moan that escaped John as he slithered his tongue all down the underside before swirling back up to the tip.
John slipped two fingers into Sherlock's arse after an almost unheard of amount of foreplay. He had completely ignored his lover's cock and arse outside of the general friction of two bodies on top of one another. He wasn't surprised by the tight, wet heat that welcomed him. He'd practically been torturing his lover for the better part of an hour by the time he was ready to get to the main attraction.
But no, he couldn't.
“There’s something I’ve been meaning to ask you,” John said, reaching across the table to rest his hand on Sherlock’s. The intimacy of it, this small, public gesture, made Sherlock feel like he really was in a relationship with this man. Anyone who looked at them could have passing thoughts on how long they’d been together, if they had children, what a handsome pair they were, if this was a special occasion. But Sherlock’s stomach was sinking, because he’d kept their conversations light--well, as light as descriptions of murders and kidnappings could be. They focused on work, on hobbies, experiments.
“Sthop’t,” John said, muffled.
“I was contemplating my list of six for our children.”
"How did you know about Father's affair?" The thirteen year old had cornered his brother in their father's unoccupied study. He was at work, and Sherlock had announced his news to the entire lunch table only moments prior.
What would that feel like
John smirked. “Obviously.”
He wrapped Sherlock in a blanket and made sure he was sitting properly on his own before leaving him for a moment to get towels. “I’ll be back in a moment, I promise.” Whether his words did any good or more harm, he didn’t know. He said them for himself; there was a guilt to leaving Sherlock behind in that state, even for linens. When he’d had nightmares, Sherlock had never left--not even after John had fallen back asleep.
“Well, yes, but I’ve never claimed to have a strong sense of timing.”
When he went to Sherlock a moment later and crouched down next to him on the cold tile, hand pressed to the small of the pregnant man's back, he couldn't help thinking how brilliant it was to have this knowledge; to know that they were one step closer to the more they'd been seeking.
John bit his lip, but shook his head. “I mean, of course I’ve thought about it. But I can’t abuse my power like that. I don’t even know what I’d find. The Omega may not have even been able to carry to term. Artificial insemination is tricky.”
"They actually let you brew the stuff?" John remembered when he was in school, they'd been told there wasn't even a public set of ingredients for the potion.
deceased--”
"Yes," John gasped, damn near panting now. "Oh God, yes."
When Sherlock emerged fully dressed from the bathroom in a steaming cloud, John realized he couldn’t remember the last time he’d seen the detective in anything less than three layers of clothing.
If John didn’t react well, then... Sherlock would simply have to call in a favor, loath as he was to involve his brother.
” before he was spilling onto the sheets. Distantly, he was aware of John’s fingers clutching at his chest, the wheezing at his back, and the hot flood inside him as the Alpha simultaneously reached his peak.
“I assume this is about the fact that your brother is traipsing about London without proper attire? I’ll have you know I fully intend to smother him in winter accessories the moment I can get my hands on him.” John hoped that would be sooner rather than later, though considering Sherlock’s talent for escapism, he was sure he would only find the man when he wanted to be found.
Sherlock’s reactions. They’d been willing, hadn’t they?
“About twenty-three weeks,” Sherlock said, pulling the robe around himself and sitting up.
As we move I catch him trying to shrug off his suit jacket.
“I can’t do this right now. I need--I need to think. I have to go.” He turned away from Sherlock and stopped, just facing Baker Street.
"We are not conceiving our child on the kitchen floor," Sherlock said, still turning his head to give more access to the sensitive expanse of his neck.
Sherlock rolled out of bed and tugged on his dressing gown before stalking out to the kitchen to check on the fragile hair follicles he'd left resting in saliva samples. He had a lot of work to do, things to catch up on after his selfish nap.
I have some certainty that
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and John was about to go on, but a sudden shudder worked its way up through the detective's frame and he was once again sputtering into the bowl.
They stayed like that, breathing and shaking together, until Sherlock’s knees threatened to give out. With John still locked in place, it was up to them both to coordinate down onto the bed.
But a moment later, Sherlock turned onto his side and faced his lover before inclining his head in a vaguely hesitant invitation. John didn’t need to be invited to the comfort zone twice. He was pulling the covers over himself before Sherlock had time to blink. It was only when Sherlock curled up against him and pressed his face into his neck that John remembered that his love was still naked.
Had they reached the peak of desperation? Was Sherlock's body trying to give them what they wanted? Hysterical pregnancies weren't uncommon in stressful situations, and Sherlock had been rightfully down about it--
he felt the regret. It was just a dull, questioning nagging in the pit of his stomach.
The Headmaster knocked twice on the door before waving his hand to open it without being invited. The lighting was dim as John remembered, and the heavy stench of mould was just as strong as ever. He'd never understood the appeal of the castle's dungeons, but that was neither here nor there. He supposed they were solitary when one sought out the quiet.
The idea had come from Molly after Sherlock had gone to her for a bit of unscheduled sensitivity training. John had thrown him out of the flat at four in the afternoon after the teething incident. While he’d gone to the mortuary at the time in hopes of securing a severed right foot, he had to admit that Molly was rather good at fixing his relationship flubs. He’s never given much thought to the fact that it’s probably because she spent so much time imagining
"He's had terrible morning sickness more days than not," John answered, forgetting she was addressing Sherlock. "And a fair bit of spotting around the estimated week seven, but I understand that's to be expected."
nifying lens, Annabelle. Mah-
Knowing how well they fit together outside of heat, Sherlock couldn’t even imagine the ecstasy that awaited them.
He fell back against the pillar.
It was nice not to have to worry about babies or bonds or anything but the feeling of the man below him. Sherlock rose up a bit on his knees before sliding back down, giving in to his body’s need to be full.
John had caught Sherlock getting out of bed around one for a late-night snack. It wasn't too uncommon these days, since John had him eating small, frequent meals to keep up his metabolism while also ensuring that he was getting more nutrients than he ever had at any other point in his adult life.
“Christ, you’re gorgeous,” John said, standing a few feet away, stroking himself in time with the long fingers moving in and out of Sherlock’s arse. He released his cock, letting it hang heavily between his legs, the knot at the base just barely swollen. Sherlock’s eyes were drawn to it--that was the source of all his relief for the next few days, and he licked his lips slowly, teasingly, in anticipation.
"I'd ask you to get us back to Hogwarts, but I suppose you've lost your wand," Sherlock suggested innocently, eyes looking over John's head into the forest.
“John, I need--I need you to get off me,” Sherlock said suddenly.
Perhaps it was realistic to think so in a house of such a size, but that was only if they actively avoided each other. John had no intention of doing such a thing, especially when he was here to figure out what was going on with Moriarty--what had gone on with him--and to help Sherlock develop a strategy for defeating the madman.
"I'll call and tell him we'll be at the Yard in an hour, then?"
On December 14, right in the middle of week 27, they got a clear look.
"I know it's fine," Sherlock replied, eyes darting from the almost murky windows to John's face and then back again as they had a moment ago.
was always learning. And
And they agreed it would be perfectly within reason for the twins to call Lestrade “Uncle Greg.”
He barely needed to use his hand to maneuver through the hole, since his cock was just hanging there, small and unassuming, not even interested enough to give a little twitch.
He shook his head, but barely. He found it hard to move, afraid the other man was going to disappear.
Sherlock chided himself.
“Take it out,” Sherlock said, staring unashamed at where John’s hand was stroking absentmindedly. His mouth was watering, and he filed away that fantasy for another day. Once the alpha-alpha novelty began to simmer and they grew more used to each other’s scents--then it would be safe. But now....
"Of course I solved the case. What else would I be doing in a
In a perfect world, the awkward silence of the car ride would have taken him to a warm, secluded area where Sherlock was recovering from his stint in the snow with a steaming cup of coffee. That way, John wouldn’t have to worry about finding him laying in an archway somewhere, collecting snowflakes on his person in an attempt to discover how long it takes his extremities to develop frostbite.
“Just don’t drop it--we wouldn’t want it to scratch would... we...” Sherlock trailed off, pausing and looking around. There was a change in the wind, and a scent he couldn’t quite place. It smelled like... Annabelle.
“Do you want to order a takeaway?” John asked. “I’ve stocked the fridge, but--mmf.”
He sank back into his thoughts.
he reminded himself. This was a breakup, not a courtship.
"Is there still a scene or just photos?" he asked when he'd sat up again. His voice was rough and low.
2. January
He didn't want it to be over, but he did want to experience John's orgasm. He didn't want that sleeping form upstairs to wake a moment before climax and leave them both unsatisfied.
Healer.
he thought to himself.
Then blatant disrespect from Anderson--something about Sherlock’s baby coming out with scales or other, John didn’t remember, he was too angry to pay any further mind to it. Insert some cliche about smoke coming out of ears and you’d have an accurate depiction of John Watson at that moment.
"I have been reliably informed that I don't have one," Sherlock replied.
was what John presumed was the most important part of that sentence. He knew Sherlock was underweight, and if the andrologist had determined that Sherlock's body might not be in top form to conceive, he wouldn't have hesitated to tell him. The doctor thought it would take longer.
Sherlock reached for the Alpha, drawing him down.
“Ah, thank you. I need you to take a series of photos.” Sherlock placed himself in front of the wall, facing John, and stared at him expectantly, as if John was just supposed to start snapping.
John squeezed Sherlock's hand.
3. Bond night
John stood, holding her with one hand in her curls and one forearm tucked under her bottom for support. His eyes fell closed as he breathed her in, recognizing the unique combination of their two scents that was strongest at her nape. All Sherlock could do was watch the moment play out.
Behind him, his phone chimed.
right now.
The room was warmer than it had been in the early afternoon, though John wasn't sure where that extra heat was coming from. No potions were brewing, and the torches on the sides of the room seemed to be dimmer than they had been. The dark stone walls looked more cavernous than he remembered from his childhood; more haunting.
went out the window as a viable excuse.
Instead of kissing him (as he clearly expects, based on his droopy eyes and the instinctual leftward tilt of his head), I tilt to my left, ducking to press my lips just below his ear, barely keeping above his collar.
, John?"
He didn't seem to mind taking John's time to do it, though, and he tossed an unsteady flap of black his way.
Stubborn git.
“Sherlock, I know you’ve probably seen this coming for a while.” John was surprised that his lover didn’t try to interrupt him in the affirmative. He got down onto both knees in front of Sherlock, who was still sitting likewise. “But I was wondering if you’d marry me?”
He paced around the hallways, listening on guard for necking students, impromptu duels, and the like. He'd only had to break up one or two of the above since returning to the castle. To be honest, he'd turned a blind eye on more than one occasion.
“For some reason, I find it hard to believe he could think less of you,” John said, knowing that it lacked tact and wishing he had turned his phrase more carefully. Mycroft was being perfectly cordial; it was John who had started the argument with Sherlock, so John would have to finish it. Obviously, Mycroft was not the one he was meant to finish it with.
Though perhaps there’d be a bit more hesitation.
“I want you to fuck me like this.” I run my free hand down the side of his clothed hip, hoping the message is clear.
. Perfect. It would be perfect.
For John, who had been telling himself for over a month that it was okay to be sucked off by an anonymous bloke as long as he never reciprocated, this was another layer to his sexuality crisis. It was tighter than a woman, it was
Sherlock's lips parted and he began to breathe almost raggedly through his mouth, already feeling overstimulated. How much had his body gone through in this dream world before he'd joined it?
"I made that perfectly clear, yet here you are."
His hips arched up into the other man, and he spread his legs even further--absolutely, shamelessly wanton--so John could fit better between them. They’d done this nearly a dozen times; it would only take a quick rearrangement down below for John to slide home. It was funny how quickly his heat could overtake him. Mere minutes ago, he’d been deducing the armchair by the door, and now the only deductions he could think of were the calculations of the angles it would take to get John inside him, how thick the knot would be when it fully expanded, and how many times they’d be able to drive each other mad with pleasure before his heat ended.
Sherlock scowled. "Anderson isn't people, he's barely fit for shoe polish. I was thinking Mrs. Hudson, maybe Lestrade."
They had an agreement of sorts. Sherlock wasn't supposed to deduce John if he could avoid it. And by "avoid it," they had decided that he would keep his observations to himself.
“No,” he said, “John isn’t... bound. He’s--as far as I know, I’m the only Omega, and I’d certainly know if there was someone else. I meant that--well. Annabelle is... his.”
“Is that a yes?” He gives a little nudge with his cock, a hint that he’ll give me what I want if I just give him a verbal response.
"Bare," the other man said, deep and dirty, into his ear. Instantly, familiar fingers were wrapped around his cock inside his pants and John closed his eyes, hands reaching out to the wall to steady himself.
"I'm so sorry, John," Sherlock said.
“You--”
He held up a single finger to the hole, figuring that the man was watching for action on the other side. He'd need at least a few minutes to work himself up, and to do that, he needed to pick his pleasure on the little touch screen.
like a prominent scar carved by his own silence.
Lips pressed against his neck--soft lips, bottom slightly chapped where it'd been bitten and chewed, nervous habit. He barely had time to register it further when those very lips parted and teeth grazed over the sensitive bump of his Adam's apple.
Sherlock's hard cock was resting against his hip, his legs were spread open even though they weren't bound, and his hands and wrists were relaxed, even though they were stretched back behind his head. Had he been unwilling, he surely would've been very uncomfortable, and Sherlock Holmes had never been one to suffer willingly.
Sherlock's mouth was against the side of his neck, suckling and tonguing a spectacularly sensitive bit of flesh just below the doctor's ear, and when a soft gasp escaped John's lips, a heart-shaped mouth claimed his own to silence him. Breath and body, that was all they were right then--sensation that couldn't be diluted with words and uselessly attempted articulation.
"Look who I found." Jason smirks as everyone turns to look.
“What would I have to be jealous about?” Sherlock said, his nonchalance thwarted by his blush.
Morna’s whole body jiggles as they fuck her, feeling each of their cocks work in and out of her slick engorged cunt.
“We have. When I was a little girl. Just imagine this mess if red curls in two plats.” Margaret smiles as she drives.
"Are you nervous about hanging out with my family and stuff tonight?"
Michael smirks, stroking his cock as he looks at her. "Spread your legs, I want to see your dripping cunt. I want to see how wet you are for Daddy."
I designed
He whimpers as he gets close, opening his eyes and blushing as he sees Greg and the others in the door way.
“Why? Not a fan of damaged goods?” Crystal laughs.
"I love you, too."
"Mm please."
“Okay.” Sherlock smiles softly. He presses a button and another vampires comes in. Sherlock orders John’s food.
"Alright sound like fun. Are you still going out with Stacy?"
"Have you ever done it before or was that your first time?" He squeezes his hips gently and nuzzles his thighs.
"Mum was happy," John says softly, "Dad was happy too, and he provided the best life for all of us."
"Mmhmm.." She nods. "I've always loved the stars."
"Food sounds lovely."
He hums and nods, bringing over the smallest horse.
Cecil and Violet smile and get dressed.
Sherlock moans and slowly takes him into his mouth.
"Yeah? What do you want?"
She blushes and nods, trembling a bit from the intensity of her orgasm.
"Good good. I was thinking we'd do a tasting menu tonight. Smaller portions with some of everything on the menu." Arron smiles.
She relaxes her throat and takes him down further.
Mycroft moans and arches, taking him deeper. “Love the way you feel. Big. Hard. Hot. So hot.”
He smiles. "I love you, too, My.." The walk down the hall and to the room where families stay. It has a small counter, a bathroom, and a very large comfortable bed.
He looks up at him, whimpering.
He closes his eyes as he listens to Greg sing. He whimpers softly.
"Tell me what you need."
He groans and covers his face.
"Daddy! Please!" He whimpers starting to feel close. He loves having Mycroft inside him. He loves feeling full and being fucked hard.
“Because I wanted to spend time with you.” Greg answers easily.
She moans loudly and arches, dripping in his sticky delicious cum. She mewls and rubs it into her skin, licking it off her fingers greedily as of it was a melted treat. "Thank you, Daddy. So good. So yummy." She purrs, rubbing his cum on her belly.
She moans and nods, rocking her hips on Mycroft’s fingers. “Yes, Daddy.”
Anthea gets on her hand and knees. Her mouth towards Duke and her cunt open for Mycroft.
Slick and Sherlock's come oozes out of John. For a moment he wants to reach for a flannel and clean himself off. But he's hard again, and he knows Sherlock won't be far behind.
He nuzzles against him.
“Physical or metaphorical?” Sherlock looks at him.
"You should be dead."
“Fuck!” She cries out and comes hard, squirting around him.
Camille holds Anthea close. “It’s okay to cry. Crying is normal.” She says softly, rubbing her back.
"Yeah yeah just like that." He mewls and fists Sherlock's hair.
He starts to move faster.
He strips him and nips at his lips.
"Yes, sir."
He kisses him back deeply, holding him close.
Sherlock looks at John and his eyes squint, confused. “You’re back?”
He smiles happily.
He smiles and hums, taking her hand and leading her to the bathroom in the guest room.
He pulls him a bit closer by his hips as he slowly deepens the kiss.
With John's pseudo heat behind them, they discuss bonding and what that means.
"I've wanted you for so long.."
He fucks him with his tongue as he fucks him with his fingers.
He grins. "Yay, thank you!"
He smirks as he leads her to the back room.
He hums happily and goes to see Sherlock and John.
"Dad's being nice. I remember it sounded like they were murdering you."
“I’m sure.” Mel kisses him softly.
He gets them a cab and they head to Collin's.
She rocks against his mouth unable to help herself. "Oh Daddy!" She whimpers as he fucks her with his tongue.
"Yeah I guess. If you say so. I'm just worried that there's somethings wrong and she's hiding it."
He smirks and kisses his cock softly.
He frowns a bit and kisses his jaw. "Because you're amazing.."
"Jaaaaawn..." Sherlock moans.
"Ah." He thinks about that for a moment trying to decide if that was what he and Sherlock were doing but there was something more. "Maybe it would be easier if that were the case for Sherlock and I, but I know I still have feelings for him and I'm hoping he has them for me as well."
"I'm glad.." She rubs his back soothingly.
He moans again at her saying his name and moves to bite her neck.
Margaret nods and smiles. “Let’s take this in to them and then I have to go take dinner up to Dominic and Leona.”
She giggles and smiles softly.
John whimpers as his cock leaks. "Turk and James have such massive cocks.. if I cum, I want to be punished."
‘I know more about babies that I do pups.’
“Maggie’s energy is attached to the castle. They feed off each other.” Crystal hums.
Sherlock let’s out a sigh of relief as he climbs into bed beside Morna, Mycroft on her other side. “John stay.” He begs.
"Sky.. She.." He whimpers. "I couldn't.." He shakes his head.
"More," John groans, pushing himself down further onto Sherlock as if that could add to the amount of fluid being pumped into him. Rolling his hips he rubs his cock against Sherlock's body. He cried out as his body shuddered, and his own come decorated Sherlock's stomach.
His walls break a bit as she speaks. He clenches his jaw, holding back his tears.
He nuzzles him happily.
"No, I'm alright."
He smiles softly. "Yeah, probably."
“That’s good.” She smiles softly.
He smiles softly and nuzzles her.
"I'm half way to the coffee shop near the Yard." The car pulls up next to Greg and the back window rolls down. He recognizes the man in the back seat from Mycroft's family photos when he was young. "It's your brother." Greg says to Mycroft.
‘That I understand I need your cock to save the species so it is more than good enough. And that you understand that even though you’re going to have to breed me often I decide how often. I maybe a bitch in heat but I’m also going to be the mother of your pups.’ She looks at him.
“I am.” She smiles. “You want to help me get Cara ready? I should feed her and change her before we go so she’ll be good for the ride.”
She gasps as the machine turns up, loving the way it feels to have it thrusting into her, moving around the ‘cum’ that it had already put in her.
He gasps and moans with each thrust.
He growls and thrusts harder.
Sherlock soon calms down.
She hums softly and smiles.
He nods and keeps his eyes on the ground. "Y-Yes, sir."
“Come, baby.” George smirks.
“He still thinks keeping her hidden sill keep her safe. He couldn’t hide her parents in time and they died.” Magdala frowns.
"You let them come to Sussex. Of course they'd meet me, don't be daft." Sky smiles at Mycroft.
"Oh.. Look at that.. Getting hard in public?"
He smirks and takes it over, rubbing the tip of his lips.
He nods shyly, licking his lips a bit.
“Mm?”
"So when they have the ball they try to make it to our end and we have to stop them from getting the ball to out end and vice versa." Bart smiles at Zack.
He holds onto him and moans loudly as he’s pushed into.
"Was Carol playing the harp?" George pokes his head into the music room and looks at Collin. "She was." Collin smiles. "Ha! Brilliant!" George smiles.
He nuzzles him and smiles.
He nods and signs back. "Alright. That's fine."
He offers her one.
Michael holds her hands.
Sweat was forming on Sherlock’s brow now, his eyes shut tight as the strokes of his bow became erratic.
Sherlock leans into John. “Don’t forget about me, when she’s huge.” He whines.
He smirks and pushes into her.
He smirks and picks him up, sitting him on the desk.
He grins happily.
He gasps and moans, starting to submit to him.
He frowns and rubs his hand over the back of his neck, feeling guilty that he didn’t appreciate her more.
"How?" She kisses and straddles him. She moans softly as she grinds her pussy against his cock.
"Yes. Always ready." He starts to thrust into her again.
“A bit more specific would be nice.” She rolls her eyes and subtly starts reading the mans mind, knowing if she’s not careful the other telepath will know.
Mycroft mewls and rocks against him as they kiss.
She sleeps pressed against him.
“Good.”
He smirks and licks over the mark on his neck.
She hums happily and deepens the kiss, enjoying relaxing with him.
"You're such a slut for me.. My own personal whore.. And you love it."
He nuzzles him back happily, leaning in to kiss him.
She cries out and rocks with him.
“She was toddling out to the kitchen with me and Mrs. Hudson.” Sherlock chuckles and passes her over to Mycroft. He turns on the cartoons for the kids.
"When we first met Sky it was about six months ago. She just popped up one day and said 'I'm going to change your lives forever'. We never imagined she'd bring us you." She smiles.
He ignores Lestrade’s calls for cases as they already have a case and they’re supposed to be keeping a low profile. He and John argue whether or not they should take a case because they’re supposed to be looking like they’ve given up on the whole soulmate case.
“She threatened me, her Sire. She attacked me, and she tied me up. She is currently in the basement, cooling off.” Camille turns to Mycroft. “And if anyone tries to free her whilst I think of what to do with her, you will all be going in there. If you don’t know John, everyone in this room will be tied up with silver, with no permanent damage. But they will get hungry and you being the only human, against four starving vampires, it won’t end well for you.” She states, turning back to John.
“Well your mother always had pretty bad morning sickness. Especially with you, Sherlock. We tried everything. Ginger ale, crackers, smoothies, and medications. Nothing worked. One day she was complaining so bad and I didn’t know what to do. So I put her on her knees and.” Cecil says but Violet cuts him off. “You shoved your cock down my throat. Oh my god that’s right.” Violet giggles. “Your mother has one hell of a gag reflex but not when she’s sucking cock.” Cecil laughs.
keep him safe, at least until the pups are here. Oh, don't look at me like that...'' Mycroft sighs then explain, "No, not because he is an Omega. Because he is essentially my brother in law, and he's carrying my kin. I might... Be a tad fond of your mate. And if you ever tell him that I will murderer you. I enjoy the little threats he gives me."
"I can't wait until I'm showing... And I can see the lust in your eyes whenever you look at me," he whispers.
John chuckles softly and nuzzles him.
He hums, grinning a bit. "Mm, so why did you want to go home with me?"
He smiles softly against his lips.
“More comfortable?” He blinks and tries not to get hard, not wanting to seem like a rude horn dog.
He relaxes between them.
"You feel so good. Such a good boy for Daddy." He kisses his neck and rocks his hips.
Sherlock blushes and hides his face in the bed, mumbling into it. He mumbles something that sounds like "Lestrade. Or James."
He smiles softly and kisses him back.
John carries Maragaret and lays on her the bottom of the bed. He leans down, kisses and sucking on her neck.
Greg smiles. He makes himself another cup of coffee.
He blushes and nuzzles her back, arching a bit.
“We has to alter it. It’s been cleaned, and it’s not technically silver. I don’t know the ins and outs.” Sherlock explains. He sighs sadly, “put a shirt on, you’re going to get cold.”
He blushes and hums happily as he eats it.
"Hi.." He nuzzles into him.
"Turk wanted to take me out and show me off then John wanted to John and he bright you out here, Sir." Sky blushes.
He eases the plug out, setting it on the seat next to him. "Ride me, my love."
John hums and nods. “I’m sure she’ll be expecting questions.” He takes his hand as they walk around the booths.
They finish getting ready and head out to the shops.
“Show me.” She whines.
He smiles. “What about you?”
He closes his eyes, moaning softly as he drinks from her.
Sherlock felt the tops of his ears redden, remembering the night before's escapades. "What kind of treat?" He mused. "I'm hardly going to be satisfied with a lollipop." He smirks.
"J-John, close.." He gasps breathily.
He smiles softly and nods.
“Because I was happy. For a bit. Until I found out what happened.” Camille sighs. “I just.. I don’t think I’m meant for a great love.”
She rocks back against him. "So good, Daddy.."
"Of course really. Pick whatever you like." He smiles and kisses his head.
He smirks and opens his trousers, taking his cock out for her.
"Such a loud little whore.." He smirks and thrusts his fingers.
Rachel blushes as she watches.
"You don't have to get anything else if you don't want to. But if you do we can get it." He smiles softly, rubbing his back. "Just have a look around. We can go to other shops as well."
"I love you. I love you so so much." She holds onto him and kisses him softly.
Sky gets on her hands and knees, ready for Mycroft. "Mm fuck her for a bit. I want to watch you." Michael smirks, stroking himself lazily.
Greg frowns. "I.. We didn't know.."
'Do whatever you want to me. I'm yours, Daddy. Fuck my mouth, my arse, my pussy, my hands. How long has it been since someone let you fuck their tits?' She purrs, knowing he liked breasts nearly as much as he likes arse.
He opens his mouth for him.
"You'll have to uncuff me first." She nips at her lips.
"Oh I think we can. Mycroft and Sherlock are such size queens. They'd probably cum in their pants just seeing Eli's cock." She giggles.
“Hurts.” He grits his teeth.
He carefully hands her Jared.
Crystal mewls and arches, wrapping her legs around Mycroft.
“Then let’s go back.” John nods.
Sherlock watches John as he sits on the bed. “I’m sorry I made you my blood bank. I know you’ve offered before, but... I panicked.” He says quietly.
"She spilled something while cooking, didn't want to be wearing dirty clothes." Michael covers for her, smiling softly.
"Yes! Please, sir, make me ache for your cock. I want to be your little cockslut."
John smirks and pounds into him.
As the sun rises through the windows, Myropis steps back and lets her rest, looking out over their hone. “You like that didn’t you, little slut. Taking daddy’s big cock. Going to produce so many babies for him.” He smiles, his magic washing over her.
She moans and starts to ride him.
John moans loudly as he comes hard into her.
Morna grins and holds Sherlock close, kissing him back happily.
He smiles. "That's a brilliant way of thinking about things."
"I was afraid you'd ask me to leave, if you found out. I've been careful, soaps, and scent neutralizer clothes. I think seeing that Omega in stress set me over the edge. I was worried that if I accepted their offer of a safe house, I'd come back to find you gone, or my things on the pavement."
He moans loudly as he comes hard into her cunt, filling her womb.
"Think you can stand?" He nuzzles him.
"Mm, want Daddy to fuck you?"
Sherlock groans as he pulls away.
He nuzzles him back affectionately, cuddling him.
Eli slowly works his fingers in and out of Josh.
He goes to him and hugs him tight. "I'm sorry. I'm an idiot. I'm sorry."
He moans breathily. "Yes.."
John kisses down his body and removes Sherlock's pants, taking his cock into his mouth.
He pushes all the way into him, pulling his hips closer.
Sherlock frowns a bit. “Where’s Greg?” He looks up to John.
She holds onto him and kisses him back deeply, licking her cum off his face. She tries to press closer but her belly gets in the way, making her whine a bit disappointedly
"You put Lestrade and Watson down for names. Thinking about changing yours?"
He blushes and smiles shyly.
Greg's eyes widen. "You can't be serious."
'Okay..' She nuzzles him.
He blushes at the praise. “Thank you, sir.”
She blushes brightly and whimpers. “I can’t help it. Need it.”
He follows him.
He smiles and nods.
"Christ, you made me come three times, John.."
"Sorry I was grumpy earlier," John whispered as he dragged his teeth over the nape of Sherlock's neck. "I got caught up in everything that needed to be done. Didn't stop and think that we could be loud with Percy gone."
"You can always adopt. And I'm sure that the boys would help you. Or you could ask Michael."
Mycroft enters the room. "Sky."
He sniffles and nods.
“Thank you.” Crystal kisses his cheek.
They groan and kiss her neck. "Such a good girl.."
He nods, smiling. "Alright.."
He blushes and mewls against his lips.
Mycroft turns the key and opens the door. The smell of roast chicken wafts from the kitchen. Mycroft sighs softly. "Anthea."
Mycroft whimpers and presses against Collin's hand.
He hums in her head as he leans down to clean the floor.
They smile and eat with him.
He nods, taking both of their hands. "Yeah, me too.."
John wakes up and for the first time in days he feels refreshed. He takes a shower, shaves, and actually eats a meal that's not from a take away box.
"Can I?" He looks up at Collin hopefully.
Mycroft bites his lip. "How did she get home?"
“They’re trying to avoid an all out war. We’re throwing a match into a powder keg.” John sighs.
He smiles. “Definitely.”
"Sweetie, I think you know what Daddy needs." He lets out s groan.
He blushes and points to one of the taller men.
Sherlock moans loudly and arches. “Yes! Yes, Daddy! Please, let me be Daddy’s toilet!”
"Keep talking." She bites at his throat.
She whimpers softly and presses closer.
Sherlock hums. “I’ll carry him.”
“Mm the way you say minor doesn’t make me believe it to much.” He chuckles softly.
She hums happily and smiles.
He blushes and smiles. "Brilliant."
Magdala shakes her head. “You are a warlock. Witches and warlocks have an extended life. You’ll have at least 100 years with Sherlock if not more naturally. But you could attach your life to his energy if you wanted more time. You’d be living off his energy and he could still live off your blood. You’d be feeding off each other.”
He adds a third finger and kisses him.
He kisses him back softly, relaxing against him.
“Couch.” Sherlock nods. “Or your chair..”
“I can’t lose you.” John pulls him close.
He rocks his hips as he comes hard, untouched.
He bites his lip holding back a groan. “Good.” He chuckles.
"Please!" Sherlock begs with a whimper.
How can I love when I'm afraid?
"I'm sure you'll try your very best."
‘Yeah. Four from him, three from you, and surprisingly one from Peter.’ She smiles softly and looks up for a kiss.
“Mm. Need something?”
‘Really really.’ Sky hums softly. ‘I’ve gotten a lot better at using my powers.’ She smiles softly. Her younger sister was only her half sister. They had the same father but different mothers. Sky got her powers from her mother’s side. She didn’t know if her sister would develop powers.
Mycroft's team drinks.
"She didn't go wrong, she let us have fun."
He moans loudly, nodding the best he can.
He smiles and hums.
“A spy contaminated the candles. When I lit them they released a toxin.” Sherlock frowns.
"Good boy." He kisses him as a reward before teasing his nipples and putting the clamps on them. "Alright?" He tugs gently on the chain, licking his lips as he sees the pull of his nipples.
She blushes snd smiles softly. "What did you have in mind for dinner?"
Greg holds her close, stroking her hair softly as he watches over her.
Cecil groans and pulls him closer.
Sherlock hums as he perks up and picks up a few of them.
End of part one
Harry reaches down with both hands and is soon pulling Mycroft's belt from the loops in his trousers, tossing it on the floor with a clatter she grins down at him. "You and your brother are so dumb, for geniuses... blind to those around you. Your PA has a dirty little secret, and I'm not going to tell you what it is." She winks over at Anthea, then rips Mycroft's trousers open, heedless of fabric and zip.
'It's over.. Just waiting for the house to open..' She hums softly in Mycroft's head.
“Go away, Mycroft!” Anthea shouts.
She nuzzles him in his dream. "Do you want me to be here or just sleep?"
He blushes and smiles, kissing her back. "Mm, yeah?"
“Sherlock.” John sighs. “It doesn’t matter when you ask me, I want to be turned. I want to be with your forever.”
Morna giggles and nods. “I know.” She whispers and kisses Sherlock.
He kisses him back lovingly. He continues his slow building pace as he makes love to Sherlock wonderfully slow and sweet.
John moves with Sherlock, always ready to be his back up. “Excuse me?” The man snaps at Sherlock.
‘When we get to the estate we’ll talk and I’ll get ride of them. It maybe a take a while..’
"Easy, baby." He says softly, kissing his neck.
Samuel cuddles him close and presses softly kisses to his neck as he rubs his belly.
"Greg already knows you watch him, Mycroft. He specifically places things around his office so your cameras won't be impeded in their viewing. He knows and he doesn't mind.."
He looks up at him as he swirls his tongue around his nipple.
Peter blushes brighter as they get into the cab.
Cecil smiles and carries him to the couch with Violet and Mycroft following.
He groans softly, squeezing the base of his cock to steady himself. “Yes. God I miss his perfect fucking arse.”
“Hardly anytime to. Mummy is going to give birth any day now and she’s insatiable.” He chuckles and licks his lips.
"You're not a terrible father. Rationally no father wants to know what their daughter does in bed."
“Gorgeous slut.” He kisses him hard, stroking him faster.
“My legs are open for your cock anytime.” He groans softly.
He hums, kissing her softly.
Irene nods. “Lots of butter.”
He groans and collapses against him, kissing him softly.
He mewls softly as he relaxes.
He smiles and kisses her softly.
Mycroft picks Magdala up and stands up, pinning her against the wall. He thrusts in hard, moaning each time.
Sherlock gets released from the hospital. They suck each other off when they get home. Mrs. Hudson first appearance.
Michael mumbles as he wakes. "Mm?"
He nuzzles against him.
She gasps and moans loudly, riding him hard and fast.
“I have no doubt.” Margaret laughs and goes to finish up her final business for the night.
Morna holds onto the bed, moaning as they take her.
“I.. I don’t want to look like this when we go..” He mumbles softly.
"Cheeky as ever." Eli sips his drink. "You love it." Duncan laughs.
"Yeah alright. That's good.." He nods.
Udos smiles and plays with Morna’s breasts, squeezing and pinching them until they’re leaking over him.
She smirks a bit and straddles him, leaning in to kiss him deeply.
Sherlock gasps softly as he lets go and pisses. He moans as the pressure eases and his pants become soaked.
‘You’re mouth is so good, Mummy. Makes my pussy so needy.’ Sky whimpers. Carol crawls over and starts to lick at Violet’s cunt, sucking her clit.
"What've we got here?" A man asks at a table outside a restaurant.
"Of course, hun." He hums and smiles softly as he sips his coffee.
“I know. I love it too. Just having you though is nice sometimes.”
He looks up for a kiss.
He kisses her back deeply.
He whimpers quietly and presses against her.
Lily purrs and turn into a relaxed puddle of tiger as Sherlock pets her.
“No Sherlock. She wouldn’t have laughed. When a pregnant person falls it’s very serious. They can hurt themselves of the baby badly. They were both very worried until I examined you to make sure you were okay.” John frowns.
He unties his tie and ties it around Sky's waist, pressing it against her wound. "I need you to hold this in place. Keep pressure on it. I need you to come with me."
He blushes and smiles. "Hi."
As soon as John presses his palm to the floor the floor glows, his hand print on the floor now. “All done.” Margaret smiles, knowing John and Sherlock will feel a connection to the room now.
Crystal moan and arches, pulling him closer. “Yes yes. So good.” She arches and rocks up against him, her legs tightening around him.
“Umm one of the ones that lived I think? If he killed me you would have killed him.” Pythia hums.
Sherlock cries out as Collin praises him and comes hard into his hand.
Greg smiles happily because he knows Mycroft is always a bit grumpy before his first cup of coffee. Lydia moves John's bed closer to them so they can all eat next to each other.
“Oh wow.” Maggie raises a brow.
"Hello." James smiles.
"Feeling better?" The landlady asks, pushing John into a chair while she fills the kettle.
“Alright. Missing you..” He mumbles.
He smiles at him adoringly, following him.
John holds Sherlock's head and slowly start to fuck his mouth. He groans at the wet hot suction Sherlock makes with his mouth. "You're brilliant. You mouth is fantastic. You're lips look so fucking perfect wrapped around my cock." He babbles.
Sherlock hums. He waits for a few more minutes for everyone to leave and the guards to do a final check. He slips out of his hiding place and stretches his aching limbs. Creeping out into the main museum, Sherlock listens intently for any guards that could be near. He pads over to the Egyptian jewellery exhibit and looks for a way to get through the glass. He notices the screws and frowns, there must be a screwdriver close. Searching in the drawers below the exhibit, he finds a jewellery cleaning set and a screwdriver. He pockets the jewellery cleaning set and starts to undo the screws around the glass. Hoping there isn’t an alarm on it.
Sherlock looks up at the man behind them, noticing the badge he’s wearing. “Is there a problem, sir?” He asks the man, trying to sound innocent.
Sherlock pulls him into a deep kiss.
“I’m ready.” Anthea nods and relaxes into Mycroft, being an orphan he’s the closest thing to family she has so she trusts him completely.
Greg deepens the kiss and pulls Mycroft into his lap.
“Mine. You’re mine, Sherlock Holmes-Watson. My alpha. My husband. My whole world.” John holds Sherlock’s hips tight as he pounds him.
Mycroft steps out with a towel around his waist.
Turk nods. “He’ll be okay. Just needs to rest.”
He holds him close and kisses him deeply.
Sherlock shakes his head. “Your blood. It smells... I can’t... you would leave me.” He says sadly. “You’re the only person that hasn’t left me after finding out the truth.”
Sherlock smiles and murmurs. “John, I have good news.” He hopes that John will answer in his sleep, rather than wake.
Sherlock pulls him up and kisses him deeply, moaning as he tastes himself on John's lips.
“Yes, Daddy.”
He hums and nuzzles her.
“Tell me what you need, baby..”
He nuzzles him back and snuggles him.
He blushes, biting his lip.
"Oh, My. I told you that you're perfect for me. You're exactly what I need. Always. I'll always need you and want you. I know you'll try your best but I want you to know that I'm not going anywhere because right by your side is where I want to spend the rest of my days. I love you so much. So so much that it hurts when I'm away from you. So much that you're constantly on my mind. So don't think for a second, an instant that you are anything other then what I need." Greg kisses him as passionately as he can manage.
He moans loudly and arches up. “So good, Mikey. So fucking good.” He whimpers, his cock leaking.
He smiles happily. "Did you get the champagne?"
‘Better than I expected, honestly..’
"John!" He cries out and comes hard into John's mouth.
He kisses her back deeply as he comes hard into her.
He groans and thrusts up into her harder. “God..”
“She love it. She’ll come so hard in my cock she’ll scream. I’ll pour so much fun into her she’ll leak for days. She’ll have so many babies. She crave my cock. My spunk. Beg for me to knock her up. I’ll make sure you watch every second of it. Make you watch as your wife makes babies for me.” He fucks him harder.
He frowns and his eyes widen. "Wh-What about Mycroft and John?"
"Mhmm." She nips at his neck.
He tips his head up to kiss him.
He whines and rocks against his face. "Daddy.."
“Need to come, baby?”
“Daddy, look.” He smiles happily.
“No you don’t. You can choose not to be privy to it.” John frowns.
Sky cries out and comes hard, clenching around him.
“Short.” She smiles and nods.
He hums as he holds her, loosening his grip enough for her to answer the phone.
He smiles softly and nuzzles him. “Okay?”
They get into the car and Mycroft slumps against him, his eyelids heavy.
Greg kisses him for every 'I love you' and holds him. "I love you. Always. Not matter what. There's just you for me."
“Mm don’t you dare come yet.” Riley squeeze the base of Greg’s cock to keep him from coming.
"I love you too.. So much. You did so well."
Sherlock kisses him back softly, still blushing.
He smiles and holds him as they relax on the couch together.
He nods and presses closer to him, soon falling asleep. Mycroft holds him and looks up at Greg and John.
Greg is putting the cookies in a tin when his phone pings. He smiles. **Baker street. Headed over there soon. How are things there?--GL** He hears Sherlock getting cleaned up and ready to go to the hospital.
He blushes brighter and smiles.
Brian smirks, knowing he can be deeper inside John from this angle.
John lets his mother guide him through the new house to the kitchen in the back. They silently putter about looking for pans and independents (after rudely not finding an already made cake waiting for them.)
John frowns and bites his lip. “That sounds like it’s from experience.”
"My pleasure." Mycroft stands and goes over to Sherlock. "Mm you did so well, Sherl.." He hums softly as he wraps his hand around Sherlock's cock.
She helps him drink.
He leans in and kisses him gently.
Greg hums and kisses his head.
She smiles softly and leads him to the bath room. “Or would you rather a bath?” She asks as she takes off her robe and heels.
Sherlock glares at the woman before going back to John. He sits by his side and takes his hand.
The cab soon stops.
“Well were about to see.” Diōnē smiles and does some test. “Have a look.” She smiles and pulls back from the microscope, so he can see live sperm.
Sherlock cries out and comes hard with Mycroft.
He slips and falls onto his arse.
"We're not exactly the average couple, love."
"Oh fuck yes." The second sky moans. "Mm I said it." The first sky moans as she pushes into Michael.
"You're a lunatic. You need to be stopped. At whatever the cost."
He hums and kisses his head. "We should be going. Come say goodbye to everyone."
‘Saying you can’t handle it? Pity.’ She giggles. ‘Why do you think I keep a hoard of willing men around? Ready to fuck me and breed me whenever I bend over and ask nicely.’
She smiles. "There is only so much one can take at any point in time.." She tilts her head hesitating slightly about what she wants to say next.
She whimpers and presses against him.
“Violet.” She leans in and kisses him again. “How would you like to be my play mate, Francis? I’ll let you pick and choose who gets to fuck me. Who gets to compete with your cum to knock me up.” She nips at his lips.
"She can. She really can. She's amazing and brilliant. So brilliant."
He moans against him.
Francis blushes at the praise, lifting his head to see what she’ll pick.
He goes up to get ready, an obvious erection in his trousers as he gets into their room.
She nods and kisses him softly taking them back out to the real world.
He pushes deeper, groaning as he feels his balls pressing against Mycroft’s skin. “You have me. All of me.”
He nods, relaxing against her.
“It’s another word for sweets or candy. Someone who makes them is called a confectioner.” Sherlock explains.
And it's hard to learn
“Oh! You’re awake. How are you feeling?” he asks.
“Mm. Which hole do you want this time, Greg?”
“So what do you know about me so far then?”
‘No, I think we should be fine’
“I think Sherlock would like to see you Greg. May I alter it so he can?” Camille asks.
Mycroft gasps and whimpers softly, fumbling for his phone. **I.. Christ.. --MH**
He blushes and nods. “Kiss me.”
“Thanks.” She blushes a bit embarrassed and smiles shyly, drying off.
Sky presses against Michael.
“It’ll be great.” Crystal smiles.
He leans in and kisses her softly, swaying with her to the music.
“Easy, baby. You can take it. Just take your time.” He kisses her neck and rubs her clit gently to ease any discomfort she’s having.
"That you're tipsy.” He starts giggling.
John laughed. "We'll, I hope someone thought to bring me clothes... Can't leave here stark bollock naked..."
Mycroft whimpers, grinding against his fingers. "Daddy.."
She huffs and finally lays down, huge belly distended.
Sky is putting Malcome to sleep and picking up Wyatt as Matthias comes in. “Hi.” She smiles softly at him before looking down and making sure Wyatt is latched properly.
"Yay!" She smiles and they go.
**Hey. We're still on for dinner tonight, right?--Chloe** Chloe texts Zack.
“Daddy’s got you. Daddy and his friends are going to help you come over and over again.”
Mycroft wakes slowly, pulling Sherlock closer. "Mm.."
His moans grow louder. "Close!!"
“Good.” Ms. Cheyenne grins.
Sherlock sighs and nods. “Fine..”
"Oh? Your place?"
“Thank you, Mommy.” He blushes. “I wanna be your perfect little milk slut.”
Mycroft chuckles and kisses him again before pulling back.
He feels the sun finally setting and quickly texts Mycroft the single letter S before putting the phone back in his coat pocket. He turns to look at John and notices the vial in his hand.
Violet cries out and comes hard over and over, loving the rough treatment. "God, yes. Fuck her. Fuck my wife." Cecil growls and bites George's neck as he pounds into him.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Mm.."
Mycroft kisses Crystal’s cheek over and over again. “I love you. You’re perfect and so caring. Let me care for you Crystal.” He turns Ceystal’s head softly and kisses her lovingly.
He moans around him, relaxing his throat.
“I was thinking that as well.” Camille nods. “Did you speak to her yet?”
He blushes. “Yeah.”
She smiles and pulls out a large blanket from the cupboard, spreading it across their joined beds. "Rest well, dears." She winks and leaves.
"It looks good. You're flatter with this than the binder I think. How do the bruises feel?"
He pushes until he bottoms out. “Oh.. fuck.”
Mycroft downs the drink quickly.
He smiles and kisses the tip of his nose.
They go back to the main bar.
He nips at his ear and his hand moves between Sherlock's legs. "Shh you'll wake the others.. Or is that what you want?" He smirks and strokes him teasingly.
"I may have overreacted at the den.."
“I’m here. All yours. Always.” Sherlock kisses and sucks on his bond mark.
Magdala gasps, dripping wet around him. “If you put me on my hands and knees you can go deeper.”
"Seems that being new teachers isn't the only thing we have in common then." He reaches his hand out and places it overtop Sherlocks.
He soon falls asleep against him.
"Alright.. John can look at my hand and you'll talk to Lydia.. Thank you.." She puts the veil back into the bag. She's going to fix it for Lydia.
"I want you to cum in your pants. Make an even bigger mess for me. When we get him we'll piss on you. Cover you in cum and piss."
He hums softly. "And you don't mind that I'm submissive?"
"Thank you, Douglas." She smiles and takes a sip.
He smiles and kisses him softly.
He groans and comes hard into him, filling him with his big load.
John suffers and Sherlock tries to make things better...
“Really?” He blushes and chuckles. “I’m sure you make a lovely audience.”
Pythia smiles. “That would be wonderful. But only if it’s their choice.” She nods. “Do you and Dominic participate in the coven orgies? Diōnē and I were talking about orgies. Covens still do them, right?”
He reaches down to stroke him teasingly. "I know you do."
Sherlock pouts slightly as he's wheeled to the lift. "I swear, if Grant or Anderson see me like this.."
He gasps and arches. "Ah.."
Mycroft is sitting up in bed when Greg returns, frowning.
Sherlock comes out, avoiding eye contact with both Greg and Mycroft.
John nods and gets a towel. He helps Sherlock out and dries him quickly so he doesn’t get chilled.
Sky cries out and comes hard around them as they fuck her. She licks and sucks on Carol's clit.
"I've no problem with wearing dresses." He smiles.
“Nearly there, Ma’am.” Sherlock chuckles as he parks the car.
Mel cries out at Carol makes her come. Carol trembles as John rubs her.
"Anything you want." He blushes.
“Jesus Christ Greg! You cut Crystal’s hand off after she saved your life! What kind of psychotic shit is that!”
"Mm can I see it now?"
Greg looked up at Crystal, “but you’re their boss.” He frowns.
George moans as he fucks himself on Greg’s cock and thrusts into Chloe’s mouth. “Harder, please, sir. Need it harder.” He begs, leaking heavily into her mouth.
She hums. “That’s how it is when you work here.”
“What? What are you saying? Slow down, John.” He concentrates, his brain not processing things from the shock. John seems to be speaking rapidly.
Turk and Fitz smirks as they start to thrust into her.
He kisses him back, humming softly.
They cuddle to either side of him.
He whimpers and nods. He spreads his legs. "W-Will you fuck me?"
“I won’t. I promise.” Lydia nods.
"Mm, think you can take both of us?"
She squeals happily and takes Sherlock's hand leading him to the tiger.
He licks at the kitten’s fur, being gentle so he doesn’t wake her.
Greg cries out and comes hard.
She grips the sheets and rocks back into him, arse bouncing as he fucks her.
“You left a note. All you said was that you were done and that you were taking Rosie. I.. panicked first of all. After mycroft confirmed that it wasn’t a kidnapping and that you were both safe I.. I basically sat on the sofa for a month straight completely frozen. And then I got to work.” He hums. “I’m surprised Mycroft didn’t kidnap you. I told him not to go near you and Rosie. I’m surprised he listened.”
"Harry boxed everything up within months. Right after we were told... You had, erm, died, she got notice that she'd been accepted to a few universities in London. So that summer we packed up and got a small flat. I finished school in the city, then went into study at St Bart's. Did my internship there in London, then worked in a trauma ward for a while. Eventually it all... Felt like politics."
Sherlock chuckles. *Very true.-SH*
Ryan suddenly seemed to snap out of whatever had made him waiver and he pulled a wicked curved blade out of his pocket. "I said *let's get to the bedroom*." He growled.
Sherlock holds John tightly to his chest. “Put your face into my chest. I want to do something with you, but I don’t want you to get whiplash.” He says softly.
He hums. "We should get one."
Sherlock's heart rate on the monitor speeds up as he slips into consciousness. He barely registers John's figure in the room. “John..?
“It’s okay, love.” John kisses him back softly.
“It’s intimate. It’s closer than sex. You’re tasting their essence.” Sherlock sits with him.
Lowering his head, so his lips were facing the ground, he whispers to his companions that they're being watched. Mycroft nods once, and ushers them to the car, leaving the two agents behind.
John nuzzles against him. “Your turn..”
Mycroft chuckles softly. *Greek for Moon, Latin for Sun... sounds like you two.* He wrote. *She **is** strong, and she has you to help with that. Look after her, Anthea.*
“Oh you little whore. Trying to find more cocks?” Collin smirks.
She gets wetter around them.
John smiles at him as he pulls out of the parking lot and directs the car towards his flat. The whole time Rosie is talking about all the details for Mina's party and what she's thinking of getting her. Before long they've arrived at the apartment building and John is searching out a place to park.
He whines and kisses him back.
“I want you to be mine, John. Mine and mine alone.” Sherlock whispers.
He smiles a bit and hum. "Got anything?"
"Never. I'll always give you more. Always." She whines and kisses him deeply.
"Why John," Sherlock pretended to look affronted. "If I didn't know better, I'd think you were after a submissive bottom." He grinned. "I can do that."
Sherlock rolls his eyes and pulls off of him. "Don't hold back, Gregory."
She smiles and everyone goes to take their seats.
He smiles softly and takes his hand, leading him out.
"Ho-oly shit," John can't believe how much the room had changed since the last time he saw it. Sherlocks even painted the room a lavender color to go with the whole fantasy look.
He gasps and moans breathily, arching against him a bit.
Sherlock smiles, holding John's hand.
She hums happily and kisses him back, cuddling close.
Sherlock pants against John's neck.
Sherlock frowns and sighs. “We need to strike. Pythia gave us the name of Greg’s attacker. She’s one of Alderose’s Sired. She’s gaining forces to attack us because we killed her Sire.”
He gasps and tries to deepen the kiss.
He smiles fondly as he looks at them.
John watches Sherlock, tiredly. "I hope you're right, Sherlock..." He murmured, taking one of the man's larger hands in his.
Michael gasps and moans, pressing back against him. "Fuck.. You feel so good."
"Mine..." Sherlock growled.
John kisses his head, holding him as they’re driven to the casino. Eli takes them up the private elevator to the penthouse.
'Mm I don't think it'll take much to convince him. He's been half hard this entire time talking to you.'
Chris blushes and takes her finger into his mouth, sucking the icing off. Violet grins and lips her lips.
He curls up against him.
“Bored.” Sherlock sighs.
John smiles and leads Margaret into the underground garden. “Hey Sherlock, are you here?” He calls.
“Mm alright..” Crystal laughs softly, not really wanting to let him go.
He gasps. "Yes, John.. Please.."
She moans breathily, thighs trembling as she gets closer.
“Christ, I’ll get on that. Keep an eye on Sherlock.”
“I..” Sherlock thinks. “They’re all so stupid, John. If we have any hope of the human race lasting I have to do something to help these idiots.” He groans.
He leans in to kiss his neck, his hands rubbing over his chest.
She hums and smiles.
“She is?” Sherlock asks. “How is that possible? It’s about Greg isn’t it?”
"Mr. Turk?" A small girl says from the doorway.
"Mm.." He smiles an nuzzles him.
Sherlock’s eyes widen a bit as he starts to figure it out. “I.. you mean a break from all of us..” He mumbles quietly, dropping his gaze.
“What do you want?” He asks softly, rubbing his thighs.
“Mind if I join you?”
Greg holds Mycroft's face in his trembling hands and wipes away his tears with his thumbs. "You have nothing to be sorry for. I've got you and you've got me and we're exactly where we're supposed to be."
John hums. “Would you prefer me to eat more iron?” He asks softly. “I won’t be getting high for you though.”
He mewls at the praise, rocking with him.
He gasps and bucks into his fist. "T-The vibrator.."
He smiles softly and relaxes against him.
He smirks softly. "Time to eat."
Greg hums softly and gets into the shower with him.
‘I think Eli said a few weeks.’
He smiles. "Let's get you cleaned up, yeah?"
He growls as he pounds into Violet, already leaking into her. His cock throbs inside her, Sky's words only making him harder. "My Mummy and my baby girl have brilliant cunts. They grip my cock so nicely. I wonder if our children will be like this, so desperate to fuck their Mummy and Daddy."
"I walked further than I need to because I wanted to feel that sweet ache in my arse for just a little while longer.." Greg bites his lip.
Mycroft smirks and leans against the wall. "Perhaps Sherlock should be worried about his own sex life, yeah?"
Mycroft gasped and arched against Greg.
Sherlock and Greg whimper and writhe against their fiancées.
“I don’t want to hurt you,” John says, suddenly feeling insecure. He wants nothing more than to crawl up on there and cuddle him properly, now that he is free to do so, but this is Sherlock. Unattainable Sherlock.
He tilts his head a bit, smiling. "What're you thinking about?"
He kisses him and pushes a lubed finger in.
John holds Pythia. “Are you okay?” He asks softly.
She blushes and nuzzles him affectionately.
Pete hums and latches onto one of her nipples.
"I love you, too." She kisses his head.
He looks up to kiss him.
Mycroft is in the entrance room as they come in.
Sherlock lets out a deep sigh, closing his eyes.
“And the drinking?” Greg asks directly, never been one to pussy foot around.
Mycroft makes his way to the pub, seeking out John.
He blushes and tips his head back for him.
John smiles before kissing her deeply and letting her go. Greg and Crystal step up to them both. “Everything’s set up.” Greg smiles as he turns everything up max and releases fake come into Crystal.
"Mm." He smiles and kisses him.
He smiles and somehow manages to get he and Sherlock out of bed. He carries him to the shower knowing that Mycroft and John would probably join them.
Zack smiles a bit. "We're going to shave our heads together, Danny."
He hums as he moves to sit in Greg's lap, straddling him.
John hums happily and pulls Sherlock into the shower. He didn’t care about Sherlock’s past as long as he got to be in his future.
Sherlock sips his coffee, enjoying the warmth. He gets up and starts a fire in the fireplace, taking the chill out of the flat so John’s shoulder doesn’t tense back up. He sends a text to have some cannolis delivered.
"You're so beautiful.."
“I know, love. You’ve nothing to be sorry for. You didn’t do anything wrong. You are not a slut or a whore or broken. You are amazing and handsome and brilliant. You are my whole world.” Greg says softly.
Mycroft moans breathily, sucking on his tongue.
He growls, thrusting harder until he comes hard into her, pushing his knot inside. ‘Mine.’
Sherlock smirks and stifles a yawn. "I suppose I should get some sleep, if there is a promise of *rigorous exercise* tomorrow." He teases.
He moans and rocks with him. "Yes.."
"Really. His brain has already started imprinting on us. He's decided we make a good pack for him to belong to." She smiles.
She blushes and moves her hands, smiling shyly.
"O-oh.." He gasps and moans. He tries to rock into Mycroft's hand.
Sherlock nods. “After I’m with child we need to go to earth. We need to look for scrolls, books. Evidence of their existence. Statues.”
Ooh in the name of love
He sweeps the papers off his desk and sits Michael on top of it, kissing him teasingly. "You need to be more specific than that, baby."
“Look at you. Taking my cock so good.”
"You're such a good whore. So obedient. All for me." He strokes himself back to full hardness.
He smiles softly. "I love you."
He smiles softly and wraps his arm around him.
He grins happily as he watches him.
He bites his lip. "Y-Yes.. Thank you.."
John curls into Sherlock’s side. “How are you feeling now? How is the pain?” He asks softly.
Mycroft groans and collapses on the bed.
He lays him on the bed and slips off his shirt. He kisses his chest and neck softly. He rubs his sides and worships him.
‘Where? Where are you?’ She laughs, knowing when Mycroft got her out he shut down the facility because of their shady practices but she never knew where the others went because she blocked out most of her time there to protect herself.
"We're always going to be here for you.."
“Fuck me.”
“Then take me to bed and fuck me as long as you’re hard for.” She whines and shows him her neck.
He bites his lip. "It's okay.."
"Good boy. You're doing so good. Just a bit more." Violet praises.
Molly clasped Anthea's hand. "That sounded like it went better than expected." She said, quietly.
John grins and follows Sherlock out. “Honestly it was pretty good.”
“Who else can we get to play?” She smiles excitedly.
Mycroft's eyes widen and he sits up. "Really?" He smirks slightly and follows John out quietly.
Sherlock moans loudly. "Never, sir. Just keep me full of cock."
John moans softly and he holds into Sherlock's shoulders to steady himself.
He blushes brighter. "I.. Are you sure? I don't want to be a bother.."
He blushes harder and hides his face under his arm.
“Mm..” Camille nods, understanding now. “You’re so much like him..”
She moans and arches.
“Need something?” Benny smirks.
“Being pregnant would bring true happiness but as I can’t have that... I’ll be around some people who are pregnant.” Myropis hums.
He blushes and smiles shyly.
"Good. Do have them returned to my office in a timely manner."
“First of all this isn’t a flat, it’s a room with a toilet and a fridge, you twat. Secondly I only signed six months to begin with. Not a year. So my agreement is up.” John continues to pack.
John gasps softly and tips his head back, giving Sherlock access to his neck. “All yours.” He mumbles and relaxes. “What does it feel like? To be bitten?”
He kisses him back deeply and holds him close.
He nuzzles him softly and holds him gently. "I'm here if you need me.. I just want you to know that.."
Weiss just smiles and does her best to finish up the exam. Once she's done she quickly discusses the next appointment with John then leaves the parents alone, pointedly not taking the Doppler device.
Until the tears have left your eyes
Her mouth drops open as she cries out, loving the rough treatment.
"Use me, Daddy! I'm yours! Please! Please!" He wraps his legs around Mycroft and meets him thrust for brutal thrust. He's moaning and crying out nearly constantly from the over stimulation and feeling so full of Mycroft's cock and his come.
Molly laughed quietly. "Sure. I'm going to enjoy seeing you come home hyped up on red bull, pissed off about something and needing to calm down."
Crystal whimpers and comes around Greg, her cunt muscles spasming around him.
He nuzzles him back happily. "Mm. I'm always cuddly."
“Obviously I was an idiot and wrong.” Sherlock rolls his eyes. “And if I didn’t solve that case those siblings would have died.”
Sherlock screams and comes hard while he's filled.
Leona collapses back onto the bed and rubs her stomach. “Fuck Dominic. This is fucking unreal.”
He groans and thrusts into her mouth.
“Dark!” Sky screams his name as she comes blindingly hard and squirts as she squeezes their knots together tightly, blacking out for a few second.
He frowns as he understands, nodding.
“Yes yes. Please.” He whimpers needy.
“Happy but.. But so empty, Mummy.” She pouts, watching them feed the babies made her feel even more aware of her empty womb.
He blushes brighter. “Want your cock..”
“What did you want to see me about?” Sky cuddles into him, her hands roaming his body gently.
He rubs his back and kisses his head.
“Y-Yes, Daddy. Feels amazing.”
He gasps and moans, arching up. “Oh yes..”
John tore off the apron and left his shoes by the door. If they were quick, they'd have just enough time for a desperate mutual wank in the shower before Percy came home.
“I think we’ll make it fit.”
He passes by Greg and nips at his neck.
"G-Good morning, Sir.."
“Yes.” Chris groans and kisses him back hard.
Mycroft hums as she comes in. “What about them?”
He kisses her back deeply. "Mm, anything for my little girl."
"You're mum and grandma are good quilt makers." Sky smiles as she looks at the quilt on his bed.
Sherlock squirms and leans back against him. "Stroke me.. Please.."
"Good boy." He praises, fucking him with his tongue slowly.
He smiles and they go to his office. "I keep the good stuff in here." He chuckles as he pours.
**I may have been thinking of a bit of revenge fucking.—SH**
“Been busy, hm?” He chuckles. “I’m guessing this isn’t your first stop tonight.”
He nods and presses closer to him.
“Mm I know you said you didn’t want to come but Daddy loves it when you come with his cock inside you.” He bites at his neck, pounding him.
He gasps and arches a bit, mewling. “Oh..”
She moans and arches, relaxing around him and taking him deep.
“Yeah?” Sky smiles and sits with her on the couch.
She mewls and rocks back into him making him go deeper inside her as she fucks herself in his cock, absolutely desperate for his cock.
He blushes brighter and smiles.
John and Greg both blush brightly. John clears his throat. "I.."
He frowns a bit. “I hadn’t really thought about that.”
He fucks himself on his fingers. "Yes.. Please.. I always want you.."
'Okay.' She smiles softly. 'You can ask anything else about it if you want.'
‘Of course.’ Sky closes the door and sits in the hall, waiting for her turn. “It days here that your name is Gregory Lestrade. How would you like me to refer to you? Mr. Lestrade? Gregory?” Dr. Parker asks.
He smiles softly, feeling better.
She smirks and starts to push into her.
“So what’re you up to?”
He pulls him back closer against his chest and continues to kiss his neck and shoulder.
Sherlock strips down to his pants and crawls into the very large bed with John and Greg. He snuggles against John's chest as Greg spoons John.
“Yes, baby boy?” Cecil smirks.
“Awww poor thing.” Greg chuckles softly. “We’ll bring balloons and flowers, the whole nine yards.”
She smiles. "Try telling me what some of the symptoms of a concussion are since you're so smart." She asks wanting to see if Sherlock can focus on questions about things he knows.
"Yeah." She opens one, there are picture of her with other children and adults, none with Moriarty or Sebastian. She's wearing a collar in every photo.
He smiles softly and lays him on his back before kissing him softly.
He whimpers, now three fingers in him. "James.."
"Good. As long as you know I'm willing to put in as much effort as you." John tells him as he takes his hand again.
He giggles softly.
“Hello, my darlings.” Collin smiles as he goes to them. He picks Sherlock up and spins him around, kissing him happily.
He smiles softly and nods sleepily.
Sherlock moans loudly, holding onto John for dear life. He loves when John does this, takes control and makes him a wreck. John runs his hands into Sherlock’s curls, grabbing them gently before pulling Sherlock harder into the kiss, wanting more closeness, needing to dissolve into him until they are one. Their sex life has been active and incredible, beyond anything John could have hoped.
He nuzzles her. ‘I’m glad.’
He blushes and smiles happily.
She hums happily and cuddles him.
"God look at you. So horny and stuffed and still wanting more."
He hums happily and cuddles him.
Dorro frowns. “Hey Kia, What’s wrong? What do you want?” He coos, stroking her hair to try to calm her.
"Mm good." He smirks and grabs the lube.
He smiles and kisses his head again as he rubs his back.
"Do you think she'd answer?"
Cynthia squeezes his shoulder gently before leaving.
John flipped up the seat on Sherlock’s chair and picks up a small tin.
Michael moans loudly and grinds against her pussy. "God, you're such a horny slut "
He blushes and smiles. "Brilliant."
He blushes brighter and looks up at him.
He smiles softly and follows him.
He bites at his neck and aims for his prostate.
He blushes and moans. "Please, sir."
Mycroft watches Theodora sit down and rolls his eyes. “What is it about Watson’s and manners?” He tuts. “It’s not like I’m the only thing stopping all those vampires out there from tearing you to shreads, you could at least pretend to have some manners.” He sighs and gets up to pour himself a glass, his back to Theodora. “What are you doing back, Dora?” He asks, knowing she doesn’t like her shortened name.
He frowns and bites his lip. "Don't scare me like that again.. Please.."
All the Gods including Mycroft, Sherlock, and John spend the night taking turns suckling from her. When the sun rose they slowly to a stop the last few Gods climbs off her and laying on the floor, panting heavily.
He smiles against her lips. "I love you."
He smiles shyly and leans into her touch.
John just stands there for a long minute before nodding curtly. “Right.” He turns and walks out, carrying Jared. “We’re going to have a look around. Be back soon.” He mumbles as the door closes.
He soon falls asleep.
"Maybe I should just walk away then," John threatens, his nose rubbing against Sherlocks neck just below his jaw. "If you think I'm too easy."
“I’d love to.” Sky blushes brighter.
He nods. "Okay."
"You too Greg." Carol smiles. Amelia is talking to George.
"Oh, well... consider me corrected." John raises his eyebrows, teasingly.
“Mm. You’re too full.” He smirks.
He smiles and holds him close.
He blushes brighter and presses his face into her neck.
John blushes beet red and refuses to look at Sherlock. "I.... should probably go to bed." He mutters lamely.
He whimpers. "I.. I want you to fuck me." He blushes brightly.
"Something to do with the Pirates?" He chuckles softly.
“You still want to use bumble as your safe word?” He smiles.
He chuckles and pulls him down onto his cock more.
“I think we just need some time to process. You’re not used to someone non vampire knowing you’re one, let alone a descendent of vampire hunters. And I learned that the stories my mother told weren’t just stories. So I think we just need to relax and settle. You wanted me back here with you. That’s why you came to Harry’s. Besides wanting to know if I blabbed. And god knows I can’t live with her throwing bottles at me whenever the mood strikes her. Nothings really changed. You were a vampire before I knew and now I know and you’re still one. So we’ll go see Mycroft, I’ll give him back the diary as a peace offering, then we’ll go to Molly.”
“He really does.” Sherlock smirks and snaps his hips into John.
"Mm.. Come on."
Greg stretches up a bit and kisses him softly.
Mycroft waves his hand and the guards release John. “These rings are blood rings. Whomever you give the second ring to, becomes your walking blood bank, for lack of a more refined term.” He explains quickly as he puts his gloves back on and starts to flick through the diary, reading it at a vampire-quick pace.
Eli smirks as he walks into the play room. "Mm, having a party in here?"
“He loves being tied down. Such a loud squirming mess.” John nods excitedly.
"Perfect.." He hums happily and nuzzles him.
Greg smiles and moves to sit on the couch. He opens his laptop and starts researching the cochlear implants John was talking about.
Violet takes him into her mouth slowly and looks up at him, knowing her knows the more he talks the better she'll suck his cock.
He whimpers a bit. "Yes, Daddy. I'm jealous. But soon I'll give Mummy a baby."
Greg smiles softly and holds him.
Greg gasps and opens his mouth, no noise escaping him. He feel so deliciously full.
“Alright. That sounds good.” John nods.
He blushes brightly and bites his lip. 'God, thank you.' He sounds relieved, even in his head.
'Mm you're terribly handsome and sweet. You put up with me and my insanity. You're perfect. So perfect. You deserve so much better. I'm sorry, love.' She hums softly and pets his hair.
"John, Sky is here." Greg wakes John.
"Mm smells good." She mumbles, relaxing into him.
He quickly falls asleep against him.
Zack hums as he walks in. "Nice car you got there, Danny."
"You can if you want to. I don't mind." She smiles.
“I.. Yes, sir. Of course.”
“Needy Slut.” He growls, fucking him harder.
She smirks and lays back. 'Come knock me up, Daddy.'
He blushes. “Feel so full..”
He gasps and whimpers.
"I've never seen him like that.. I.. I've never seen him yell at her like that. I assumed he was just as afraid as I was.." He bites her lip.
"Mm, good."
John smiles and takes the needle out when the bag is full. He passes it to Sherlock before cleaning his arm. “Do you want that in a glass or from the bag?” He asks.
John smiles and holds him as they start to move back down.
Collin moans loudly and arches, pushing back against him.
"Pick," he demands, his eyes narrowed into slits.
Udos takes Sherlock’s hand and puts it to his muscular chest. “May I see more of your body?” He asks, tenderly.
He smiles. "It was okay. Yours?"
John hums as he pulls back a bit. “Still have time for more fun, love. Come in.”
"Ooh, nasty." The tech grimaced. "Let's just go through the motions, though. Can you touch each of your fingertips to your thumb, one at a time?"
'Want to fuck you..'
"Really, you Alphas act like you're the ones in charge when really, we hold all the power because you lot are too dumb to understand."
John starts to pound into him.
Sherlock whines as he gets closer.
"Close. Close. Please."
Jared only wakes a few times in the night to be changed and fed. John wakes in the morning and goes down to the kitchen, making tea while still in his pajamas.
'Eli and Veronica are going to move. They're going to go back with Michael and the others.' She hums softly in his head, kissing his neck.
“How did it feel?” Dr. Monroe asks as she makes notes.
Collin and Mycroft are coming downstairs.
Sherlock shrugs. “Could you pick me up some new shirts? Whatever you think would look nice.”
"Tell Mycroft not to worry. I'll know if something's wrong before he does even if he watches." Sky hums. **I know he has. I know he can handle things. I just wish he wasn't constantly having to handle everything going on around him like its out of control and falling apart.--MH**
John smiles softly as he watches him.
Turk groans. “Push another cock into her. She can take it. And fuck her hard.”
"I'm not even twenty and you're already telling me I'm old. And here I thought you were a gentleman." She giggles and smiles.
John smiles and guides Morna over to a full length mirror. “Look at my gorgeous momma, so full of babies.”
He moans and comes hard into the floor.
She cries out and comes hard suddenly.
“Good. Now I’m going to have you massage her hips in a pushing and pulling manner.” Turk holds johns hands and shows him how. “Imagine as if you’re pulling the baby down and out of her body. They same sort of gentle pull.”
“You know I haven’t charged you a cent in years.” Sharon laughs. “I just like to play with that juicy cunt of yours.”
‘Cooked or no?’ Sky asks.
He moans loudly and rocks his hips.
“Has anyone ever gone down on you?” She smiles, taking her to the bed after closing the room door.
John blinks a bit but doesn’t say anything for a bit before laughing. “My mother must have been a genius..”
He leans down and lavishes Sherlock's nipples with attention from his tongue as he adds a third finger.
"Mmm... maybe, but I'm still not made of glass... stop fretting." John chuckled, pushing him back against the couch and snuggling into him.
He gasps and moans. "Want more, sir. I.. I came without permission. Shouldn't you punish me?"
"Such a good boy.. taking Daddy's cock so well." He holds his hips as he starts to speed up.
“Mm, so am I just going to be your eye candy?”
She moans loudly and arches, feeling the wild thrusts into her.
Cause I've swallowed every single word
“Okay?” Jason asks, rubbing Sherlock’s prostate nonstop with each thrust.
He moans breathily and kisses him back desperately.
He smiles softly and relaxes with all of them.
He yips happily, jumping around her.
"We'll keep an eye on him." The nurse nods. Lydia comes back. "How's he doing?"
Mycroft frowns a bit, not liking the idea of spying on Greg. "I.. Alright.."
He rolls his eyes and goes back in to get ready.
"Yes!" She whines and wraps her legs around him.
He continues to mumble about scientific nonsense.
He gasps and moans whorishly as Greg eats his cum out of him.
“Yeah, 136 years old.” Sherlock smiles. “But I’ll always see you as a mother figure.” He takes Mrs Hudson’s hand and leads her down the street, searching for a taxi.
"Why are you hiding? You don't have to hide." Greg nuzzles him.
He smiles and nuzzles him. "Where is everyone? They all seems to be here but busy."
Margaret moans and relaxes, wanting to be so full she can’t think.
John nods and smiles. “Why don’t you two head up to the kitchen and I’ll meet you there, when I’ve got some food for Sherlock.” He smiles as he heads off. “Oh Sherlock, have a wash before lunch, I don’t want to get poisoned down there.” He chuckles.
“John can do magic. And so can I. John’s mum said I do protective magic and that John can do healing magic.” Greg hums. “There’s orgies isn’t there?” He asks.
"I went in today, put in a few favors. Well, I'll just let you read what it says." He hands the letter to Zack.
He bites his lip and nods.
He comes back wearing a suit.
He smiles and takes his hand, leading them to the otters.
He smiles and nods. "More than ready."
Whoa, oh, oh, oh
He blushes and nods. “We should go check on Sherlock and Pete.”
She smiles softly. "I am."
"Whoa whoa. What do you mean she got arrested?" She asks as her heels can be heard running to Mycroft.
“Going to fuck me with your big cock?” Sherlock licks his lips as he watches John touch himself.
George, Violet, and Cecil come in trying not to look so well shagged.
“If you get my family to return I might be able to pursuade them into making you a God.” John smiles. He takes Sherlock’s hand and leads him to the doors of the throne room. “Don’t touch the thrones don’t touch anything but the scroll.”
He bites his lip and nods.
If Sherlock was younger or less experienced or less patient he would have snapped at Gina to fuck off. But he couldn’t. Not here. Not now. And probably not ever. No, he had to reign in his emotions. He had to stay in control of himself. He couldn’t let John think he was dangerous or out of control and her certainty couldn’t let others think it as well. He couldn’t do anything to risk losing Rosie again. So he takes a breath and swallows.
"Neither have I.."
"That's alright. I'll buy you stuff." Sherlock replied softly.
With one last stir, he declares the icing done and turns to his mother.
He moans and fucks her harder. "Sky.."
"Good boy." He smiles softly.
"And I know how hard it is for you to leave your pregnant mate." Hank runs a hand through his hair then scratches his eyebrow.
He moans as he's filled, relaxing.
“Nervous I suppose.” He shrugs.
“It is very nice to meet you.” Sherlock smiles at Kia.
He moans as he realizes what she’s doing. “Fuck.. that’s right, make sure I give you so much cum.”
They sit and eat.
"Punished.. I deserve to be punished.. Please.."
“I’m pretty sure she can’t stand herself when she gets like this. Probably why she pushes everyone away.”
"Don't think I deserve a hello?"
Both of the Holmes brothers blush brightly and nod dumbly. They exchange glances, knowing that they both get off on being controlled sometimes.
He hums and relaxes, closing his eyes.
"She's been insufferable all day," Harry complains. Her eyes are dilated from being in close proximity with Anthea for the better part of the day and she desperately needs to hold something. But, Anthea was currently on a "don't touch me, I can't have you touch me until he gets here. It's both of you at once or not at all." bender. So, with cat-like grace, she slides up to Mycroft and pins him against the wall beside the door.
He holds him while he falls asleep.
He smiles softly and nods.
John giggles and nuzzles into Sherlock. “I can walk you know. Are you just trying to show off how big and strong you are?”
“Mm good.” He leans in and kisses him softly.
Mycroft takes a deep breath. "Continue. I've shied away for far too long..."
He smiles and hums, offering her his arm to help her walk.
He moans and nods. “Fuck, please..” He groans and arches a bit.
She nods.
Sky swallows him down, moaning around him.
"I mean it's a bit late to work on those things since it's been years. And I haven't been placing the responsibility on Sherlock. I only meant when I was having those issues and needed help, he was the only thing that made sense. It's like I'm an incomplete puzzle and Sherlock's the piece missing." He glances in Sherlock's direction to see how he's taking this news, "he's always been there for me when others haven't and that's really all I need. Just being around him is a comfort.'
"Everything alright, love?"
He cries out and comes hard.
John smirks and captures his mouth. He kisses him taking what he wants from him.
Danny giggles and smiles happily, his tummy growling for lunch.
John chuckles, pulling away just enough to press his forehead to Sherlock's. "Berk." He murmured, affectionately.
"Really, Sherlock? Because I just felt you entire back tense under my hands.. You know I hate being lied to.."
He whines and squirms. "Please.."
She nods and watches the people dancing.
Collin groans and comes hard into him as he clenches around him.
"I hope so, because I don't know how much longer I can keep this up."
"Not sure. It doesn't appear that anyone is carrying tonight...I doubt they would poison him around this many people. They're laying in wait...possibly to..." He paused. "Split the money."
“Mm, that’s right, baby.” He kisses his head. “Should we go speak with Cecil?”
He smiles softly and kisses him back.
He groans and rocks against him. "John.."
“You’re just too smart for your own good.” Sherlock chuckles softly.
She smiles and nuzzles him.
He bites his lip. 'You tell me not to worry, I'm gonna worry.'
“Easy, love.” John frowns.
He moans as he starts to thrust into her.
He blushes and nods. "Yes, sir."
"Of course, love." He nuzzles him.
He bites his neck and thrusts harder.
"I'm surprised you didn't suspect I would," John frowns, "I'm not great at dealing with emotions and I usually just decide to leave and not say anything. I must have done it a dozen times during our relationship; stormed off."
She blushes and whimpers, cunt twitching around his fingers.
“Okay.” He smiles softly and gets comfortable, turning the light low so he can sleep but enough so Sherlock could see him.
He looks to Sky after he left. "Christ that was something."
“May I speak with you?”
Sky closes her eyes and slowly starts to show Sherlock Greg's true feelings. She shows him the warmth Greg feels when Sherlock smiles at him. She shows him how Greg's heart flutters when he makes Sherlock laugh. She shows him the indescribable pleasure Greg feels when they make love. She shows him that Greg's world revolves around him just as much as it does Mycroft and John. She shows him how Greg would be willing to do anything to keep him safe. She shows him that Greg loves him unconditionally.
He smiles. "Mm, so how do you want to relax?"
Sherlock whimpers and presses against Sky.
He blushes and whimpers a bit, going back to Brian. "He wants you to stretch me more, Daddy."
