His hands are knocked gently away and he takes the subtle hint, resting his hands on Sherlock’s hips and letting himself flow with the moment.
Sherlock freezes for only a moment before giving himself over completely, taking control of the kiss with ease, pouring all of his fervour and need into it, drowning John in the possibilities of their life together. It could be seconds, minutes or hours that pass as they lose themselves in each other.
doing it.”  John answers seriously.  “The effect you have on me…..Your voice, your body, the way you look and move.”  He sighs.  “And your intelligence….Christ……You’re just so fucking beautiful and sexy.”
Once, and only once, had Sherlock glimpsed far more and the image had seared itself in to his brain, having its own special area in his Mind Palace.  Arriving home unexpectedly after a break in a case, covered in particularly malodorous mud from an industrial area of the Thames, Sherlock had been in a rush to rid himself of the lingering clumps and pervasive reek.  The flat had appeared empty and he had burst into the bathroom and was halfway out of his clothes before realising he wasn’t alone.  John was relaxing in the bath, a bath in which most of the bubbles had dispersed, leaving it in no doubt just how very naked John was.  Sherlock just had time to observe a lightly-haired chest, hinting at loosely-toned muscle; an unexpectedly flat stomach and the trail of dark blonde hair leading to a flaccid, but well-proportioned, cock before he had fled the room - and the flat.
He halts at John’s side, hand clenched unconsciously against his chest, shocked at the look of anger that is being directed at him.
“I’m not on my own, Mycroft and Greg are here, others too.” John takes another calm step forward, allowing the light to fall on the person who has been standing in his shadow.
At some point John’s hand had slipped from Sherlock’s and Sherlock had not held it again, not wanting Mary to see and cause trouble for John. Sherlock’s hand now feels empty and cold and he misses John’s touch intensely.
Leaving John’s side only to relieve himself or eat some food in the nurses'  staffroom, Sherlock passes the time watching the door, dreading Mary’s arrival, and taking small, unplanned naps, jolting awake in fear. His nurse, Gethin, visits him to check on his progress, examining his wound with gentle fingers, assuring him that he is healing well. Gethin leaves with a parting reminder that the stress Sherlock is under is keeping the muscles tense and causing the spikes in pain.
Sherlock's focus is fixed on Angelo, but he is rubbing absent-mindedly at his right arm again; John realises that he has seen Sherlock massaging at his arm at various points throughout their time at the cafe.  (And you've never wanted to find him?)
"You saved me from my inner demons last night, it seemed that the least I could do was save you from a sore shoulder."
Sherlock is gradually gaining confidence in the situation, finally realising where John is going with his questioning.
"Right, Mr Holmes, this needs to come out." His nurse now has on surgical gloves and is gently manipulating the skin around the cannula insertion site. Sherlock clenches his teeth against the dull burn of pain and the constant chatter but is thankful for the distraction the nurse's one sided conversation is providing. "And, here we go." The cannula is slid free in one smooth move and Sherlock feels the relief instantly. "We're going to start looking at lowering your morphine levels, try and keep the withdrawal symptoms as minimal as we can. I see from your records that you have some experience of opiates before, so I'm sure you understand this necessity." Sherlock nods slowly, eyes flicking over to John, gauging his reaction. John looks unhappy at the reminder of Sherlock's less than shining history, but there is no disgust on his face.
“Bathe with me, John.” Sherlock holds out one elegant hand, briefly closing his eyes when John takes it softly between his own, pressing a kiss to the knuckles.
It takes John less than ten minutes to shave, clean his teeth and emerge from the en-suite in dark jeans and a red shirt. Not quite as well turned out as Sherlock but he knows what works well on him. He forgoes a jumper or cardigan and just slips on his jacket and shoes, before turning to face Sherlock, intending to ask him where Lechner's apartment is and how they are going to get there. The question dies on his lips. Sherlock is looking at him with such naked want that John has to work hard to suppress the tremor of desire that threatens to take his legs out from under him. In an effort to appear unaffected, he sits on the edge of his bed and fiddles with his shoe lace.  From the smirk on Sherlock's face, it is obvious that John is fooling no-one. Fortunately Sherlock does not call John out on his deception, merely shrugs on his coat, loops his scarf round his neck and heads towards the door. John remains on the bed a few moments longer, ostensibly sorting his shoes but actually still trying to calm his racing heart. Finally, John rises from the bed, privately pleased at how steady his walk is as he heads towards where Sherlock is now holding the door open for him. As he passes through, he feels the gentle touch of Sherlock's guiding hand at the small of his back. Turning his head, John can't help the broad grin he gives Sherlock.
"I don't know, Sherlock." Sherlock can feel John's gaze as it flicks over him but refuses to look up, not wanting to see confirmation that this is only until something better, something easier, comes along. "But I hope ..... I want ..... it to last until the end of our days. I want to grow old with you, to see the silver weave through your hair and for the wrinkles to write the story of your life on your skin. I want to help you find your reading glasses and do up your shoes and I want you to do the same for me. I want to argue with you and laugh with you for the rest of my life. I've always wanted that, I just thought that it would only ever be as friends. This change in our relationship is more than I could have ever wished for. Truly."
The rustle of movement draws Sherlock’s gaze back to the bed, John has given into temptation of his own.
Standing straight once again Sherlock faces the bed where John is watching intently, his lips parted. With a light touch Sherlock drifts his hands over his chest, gliding them up his chest, neck and finally to caress his hair.
“You look very nice.”  John comments as they leave their room, sliding his hand into Sherlock’s, his chin tilted up so that he can see Sherlock’s face clearly.  Sherlock resists the ever present temptation to lean down and kiss him.  Here, in the corridor, there are no witnesses to see their pretence and therefore no excuse for him to hide behind.  So Sherlock does what he has always done, he pushes the temptation away and enjoys his time with John, however they spend it.
"As much as I hate seeing you wear her ring, you must put it back on." Sherlock wraps his finger around the space, making it loop John's finger.
He is dressed as a flamenco dancer, all skin-tight clothing and heeled shoes; it’s an unexpected choice for the usually conservative, slightly scruffy, police officer.
"Read on, John." Sherlock, always the quicker reader, has already absorbed all of the information displayed on the page.
"This member had apparently chosen the celibate life, was a very vocal advocate in fact.  But he had a wandering eye - and a wandering body to match, it would appear."  A small smile flitted across Sherlock's face when he saw John grin at his little joke. Sherlock wasn't sure when making John happy had become so important to him, but every smile or giggle made his heart lift and an answering smile quirk the side of his mouth.  Only the constant wonder that he was somehow the one able to make John react in that way stopped him from smiling like an idiot.
“Not much.” Mary barely manages to stifle her sigh of relief. “A ruined house? A wheelchair? Then just darkness.” John groans in obvious frustration at his inability to remember more.
"Well, I think it's a somewhat open relationship." He looks at John from beneath his eye-lashes, the smile that John adores curving his plush lips. "Or at least, it is where you are concerned."
John slides out of bed and marches into the bathroom, muttering under his breath the whole way. He grabs the ring, clenching it in his hand before stamping back into the bedroom. He barely resists the temptation of throwing the ring at Sherlock, realising that Sherlock is in the right.
Mega shoutout to my beta, Lockedinjohnlock, she always does an outstanding job at kicking these chapters into shape, but this one needed a bit more than the usual amount! Stray punctuation everywhere! And more than a fair few letters and words missing in action!
His attention never actually leaves John even though for all intents and purposes he appears to be firmly ensconced within his mind palace.
A conversation with Iwassoalone prompted the tea comment, I hope you like the way it came out, dear!
"Stunning. This. This is what I dream of. You. Beneath me. Needing me." John's kisses were soft, almost featherlight, erotic in the extreme, causing Sherlock to arc his body towards John, chasing the sensation. John slowly kissed his way over Sherlock's chest, running his fingers through the light sprinkling of hair there.  Stopping every now and again to admire the beauty of the man beneath him, uttering soft words of praise, then continuing his administrations with licks and kisses, worshipping every available inch.
“You have underestimated me in many ways, Mary.  Untie him, let him go and I swear to you that you will leave this building alive.”  John’s voice is emotionless and although he speaks at his normal volume the words carry crystal clear.
"This might sting a bit." John leaned in close as he applied the antiseptic wash to Sherlock's face.  Sherlock felt his eyes narrow with the shock of the sting and he bit the inside of his lip lightly to stop him protesting out loud. He didn't want John to feel any worse than he already was for hitting him; he wanted John to stay close by, to feel his fingertips warm against his skin.  He could feel himself drifting into dangerous territory, and in an effort to distract himself, he tried to study John's face in a detached manner. Even after years away from the desert, John's skin had a healthy golden glow to it, the deep hue making his eyelashes even more noticeable as they glistened slightly in the harsh kitchen light. He could see the evidence of disrupted nights' sleep in the bags under John's eyes and almost lost himself in the depths of those dark blue irises. John's eyes now sparkled with happiness, matching the secret smile that played over John's lips. Sherlock let his gaze drift to John's mouth, helpless now as he realised there was no way he could ever be detached when it came to John Watson. He could feel John's breath caressing his cheek, could see a glimpse of John's tongue peeking out between slightly parted lips. He felt himself leaning towards John's mouth, lost in the thought of trying to steal the kiss he thought he could see hovering there. The sight of John's tongue swiping quickly on his lower lip made him gasp aloud; the glimpse of pink had sent a powerful jolt of arousal to Sherlock's groin and he felt his face flood with colour, both from embarrassment and pleasure.
John times his own hand to match Sherlock’s movement, who is gratified when John moves to mirror Sherlock’s hand positions too. One on his cock, one on his balls.
“You know your architecture, Sir!”  The young man directs a genuine smile at him, green eyes sparkling.  “The building was completed in February of 1832, taking 15 years to build and almost bankrupting the family.  Luckily, they had made some wise investments and were able recoup most of their fortune again.”
"Erm. Mary helped to put me straight on a few matters."  John laughed self consciously at his choice of words, leaving Sherlock feeling more confused than ever.
Sherlock leapt from the precipice, a smile gracing his face even as he fell, the water of the Reichenbach Falls feeling strangely comforting as it encased his body. Finally he knew what needed to be done, finally he had the strength to do it......
John muffles a groan and works hard to make himself think clearly through the haze of heat and lust.
I am convinced this story wouldn't be what it is without the support of my friends, in particular my beta, Lockedinjohnlock, who somehow knows exactly what word I am searching for and is always patient and kind.  Also to Iwassoalone for happily reading random bits as I send them to her, often with no explanation!
Sherlock takes a deep calming breath and looks away, knowing what needs to be said however much he may wish otherwise.
“But you want that with me, for it to be more?” Sherlock states, his voice drifting into a questioning tone.
Tea in hand, John moved back to his own worn armchair, snuggling himself into it before twisting slightly to stare into the dancing flames.  John had found his prize about a week after moving back into Baker Street.  One evening in a moment of deep despair, John had curled up on Sherlock's chair.  He had hoped that being ensconced in the iconic armchair, he would feel closer to Sherlock.  Instead the scent of Sherlock and leather had increased John's level of melancholy.  He had fidgeted in an effort to cocoon himself further into the scent but had ended up stabbing himself in the thigh with something sharp.  Very gingerly, having no clue what he might find discarded down the side of Sherlock's chair, John had pushed his hand down, his fingers closing around the edge of a hard case and he had slowly eased it out.  A simple CD case was clasped between his fingertips, Sherlock's writing clear upon it.  He had opened it, only to find it was empty and John still remembered the feeling of deep disappointment swooping through his stomach.  Returning his thoughts to the present, John pressed play on the CD remote, flooding the darkening room with the warm sounds of the violin.  Laughing at his recollection of how long it had taken him to realise that the missing CD was already in the player, John allowed the music to wash over him.
And from what you say about her and the way Mycroft is reacting to the situation, she is definitely a danger - to me, to you and very possibly to my child.
"Come here, John." Sherlock gestures to the empty space he has made on the sofa. John is too lost in his bitterness to realise why Sherlock wants him to sit by him.
She gestures at them to move closer and takes another photograph, as she frowns at the screen once again John digs deep and finds the courage to place his hand, lightly, on the small of Sherlock’s back.
“Can you refer to her as Ms Morstan? I don't think I can get my head around her other persona currently.” John asks, his voice devoid of emotion.
“Shouldn’t you have taken the opportunity to grab some sleep?” Sherlock queries, in a weak attempt to delay the discussion he knows he needs to have with Lestrade.
Sherlock stares at John, at all the bare skin on display.  The light filters through Sherlock's thin curtains and casts a soft glow over John's skin and Sherlock's hands twitch with the need to feel that skin beneath his fingertips.  He wants to trace the way each muscle sits and moves in John's torso, to run his fingers through the smattering of hair over John's chest, follow the darkening trail on his abdomen to where it dips beneath the sheets.
Since moving back in with Sherlock, the flame within his heart had remained steady and true, and he knew he would be happy even if they never became more than friends. But now, sitting in the back of a cab with Sherlock's warm hand resting on his knee and memories of heated looks in his mind, John began to let himself believe that they could become more. So
“You’re not listening, Sherlock.”  John turns to face Sherlock, waiting until Sherlock meets his gaze.  “This is someone I would want to live with, in whatever capacity, for the rest of my life; until I am old and grey…”  He smiles at Sherlock’s snort. “Ok. Greyer. Someone who stimulates me, mind and soul.  Sex doesn’t have to be part of it, as I said before, sex doesn’t necessarily mean intimacy.”
"Why so surprised, John? I'm untouched, not untouchable. Well, I say untouched, but that's not completely true." Sherlock pauses, letting his words wash over John. "I've touched myself, of course." He tilts his head and holds John's avid stare unapologetically. He removes one long hand from John chest and allows it to trail over his own neck, along his collarbone before drifting it over the undamaged part of his torso, settling his fingertips in the trail of sparse hair that peeks over the waistband of his pyjamas.
“So.”  Sherlock breaks the silence.  “You have something to ask, something that pertains to the change in our relationship.”  His head is tilted back, his gaze on the stars.
"Sherlock?"  John purposely kept his voice gentle but he still managed to surprise the man; he really had been lost in his mind palace.  John watched as Sherlock stacked a few more logs onto the fire, admiring the contrast of pale, long fingers against the dark wood.  John held out the glass of whiskey to Sherlock as he rose to standing, resisting the temptation to wrap his fingers over Sherlock's as the glass was taken. His gaze briefly met with Sherlock's before he looked to the fire again.  Seeing Sherlock so close after so long was an assault against John's self control.  He wanted nothing more than to guide Sherlock's lips to his own, to move their bodies together, to finally, finally be what they should have been all along..... But he knew they needed to talk, too much remained unspoken between them and if any relationship of theirs was to be a success then talk they must, and a lot!
“I ignored what I read because I thought I was just being the selfish arsehole we both know that I am.
“Something isn’t right, John.”  He gestures to a middle-aged couple seated a few tables away. “Take him for example.  He is listed as one of the delegates for this weekend, a so called
Sherlock sits huddled up on the visitor's chair next to John’s bed, wrapped in a thin hospital blanket, observing John’s face.  It appears he’d underestimated his nurse, Gethin, Sherlock had calculated that he would have at least an hour before his disappearance from his own ward was noticed; it had taken less than thirty minutes for Gethin to find him.
"Re-examination of the fire reports would indicate that the fire was professionally and purposefully set. It is believed that Ms Morstan set the fire in an attempt to remove her parents from their lives and that Michael ran back into the house in an attempt to rescue them and was injured during the process. Michael was taken to the local hospital where he remained for four years. At that point, he was transferred to a private care facility in Ohio, where he remained until he was transferred here, to London. All of his medical bills have been paid by an anonymous benefactor since leaving Michigan. The medical costs that were run up there were met initially by the family's health insurance and then, as now, by an anonymous person. Michael's continuing existence was only removed from the system in the last six years, coinciding with his removal to St. John's Wood and the emergence of the alias of Mary Morstan."
John ends the call and taps his phone against his lips, contemplating what Molly has told him when Sherlock returns, tucking one arm between John and the sofa so that he is able to wrap his arms around John's waist.
Dragging his gaze away, he walked into the kitchen.  Scanning the room, he was amazed at how neat it was. Mrs. Hudson obviously came by regularly, looking after Sherlock in her own indomitable  way. Switching the kettle on John automatically reached for mugs and the instant coffee, only briefly registering that everything was back in the same places as before Sherlock's absence. Pouring the hot water over the coffee he checked the fridge for milk and was not entirely surprised to find none. Rooting around in the back of a cupboard he found a dusty bottle of whiskey.  Quickly he added a generous portion to both mugs before adding copious amounts of sugar to Sherlock's.
Holding John’s gaze, Sherlock leans down and uses his light hold on John’s neck to guide him up, eyes falling shut as their lips open.  His fingers drift into John’s hair as the kiss deepens, the sensations threaten to overwhelm Sherlock but he can’t stop; not now he finally has John in his arms.  They move together as if this were not their first kiss but the continuation of innumerable kisses and the promise of innumerable kisses yet to come.  Their tongues brush against each other, heightening the sensations, and Sherlock pulls John to him more firmly; groaning when John responds by clutching at his back, gathering Sherlock’s shirt in his hand.  Some part of Sherlock becomes dimly aware that the tempo of the music has changed, no longer a romantic ballad, instead an energetic beat that requires rather more co-ordination than he currently feels capable of.  Reluctantly he breaks their kiss, keeping John close and pressing an almost chaste kiss to his forehead before resting his cheek against John’s temple, his heart pounding.
“Brother-mine, I need you to calm down.  This is not of help to John.”  It is Mycroft’s uncharacteristically compassionate words that draw Sherlock completely out of his mind palace.  Mycroft does not ‘do’ emotions, he truly is the iceman personified; even as Sherlock thinks this, he acknowledges that it’s not true.  Mycroft has always been there for Sherlock, often against his own better judgement.
Frowning, Sherlock could now only see two stumbling blocks in the way of an actual physical relationship with John. Mary, obviously, and the fact that he and John were absolutely useless at talking about their feelings. Now he needed to be patient, to allow John to make his own decisions about where this was going, give him time to make the break from Mary - he'd seen the moment John had made that decision - and to come home to Baker Street. Home to him.
Since Sherlock had regained consciousness all the visits had stopped. Mycroft's involvement was obvious, and the nurses were grateful that John and Sherlock had time to be together before having to deal with the rest of the world. They had seen the gentle kisses John had pressed to Sherlock's face and had heard about the way the machines had reacted to some intimately spoken words. They didn't need to be the genius that Sherlock was said to be to know that these two men needed space and each other. Nothing more was deemed necessary unless Doctor Watson requested it.
Their cocks line up and the first full grind leaves Sherlock gasping and holding back a whine. His kisses become demanding and John meets every one in kind, arms wrapped tightly around Sherlock's shoulders, hands buried deep in wild curls. Sherlock grinds into John, their slide together is on the wrong side of comfortable but Sherlock can't stop now, each thrust a step closer to climax. John loosens one hand from Sherlock's hair, bringing the palm round to face Sherlock.
“Magnussen stated that he knows where to find people who hate Mary, he implied that these people would hurt and possibly kill her.”
"Christ." John rubs his chin, before fidgeting on the arm of the chair. "Do we know why he was listed as dead?"
“Fuck.” Sherlock knows John wants to be able to say more, to express himself more clearly but that his brain is still off-line, he can’t help but feel a little bit smug.
A door slams in the corridor and Sherlock blinks, the spell broken, and John silently curses the other guest. What had Sherlock been thinking? What had caught his attention so firmly that he allowed himself to be distracted from his breakdown of the facts?
John nudges against his side, briefly squeezing his hand tighter. "Not to me. So come on then, genius, enlighten me." The word 'genius' slips from his lips in much the same way as the words beloved, darling and love may slip from another's.
With a quick flourish Sherlock gathers all of the discs together and puts them, along with the paperwork, back into the file Anderson had brought with him.  The disc he had been studying stays securely in the computer.
For the next hour Mary happily regales John with idle gossip, rarely giving him the opportunity to speak, much to his growing aggravation and exhaustion. He never has liked being coddled like an invalid.
"Why, Sherlock?" John was now looking directly at him, dark blue eyes fixed on him, giving him no escape, his voice dangerously calm. Meeting his gaze, Sherlock realised he could not avoid answering anymore.  Chewing on the inside of his lower lip Sherlock tried to gauge how much to say.  If he said too much, John might leave again, but if he didn't say what needed to be said, he would be alone again anyway.
John looked momentarily sad before slowly removing his hand from Sherlock's knee and leaning back in his own chair.
"Right, I'm going to see Mrs Hudson about that lunch she insisted on. You'll be all right if I just pop downstairs?" John tips his head to one side waiting for Sherlock's answer. Their eyes meet and hold before Sherlock gives a brief nod and half smile whilst reaching for the nearest cake.
Sherlock awoke to mid-afternoon sun warming his uncovered feet and the distinct impression that his face was being tickled.  Keeping his eyes closed, he inhaled deeply, breathing in the heady mix of warm musk, shampoo and spice that was uniquely John.  He calculated that he must have slept for approximately twelve hours, a phenomenal amount, the vast majority of which, had been spent in close proximity to John.  Slowly opening his eyes, Sherlock looked around his room; it still looked the same as it had when he'd left, but now it felt completely different.  More welcoming, cosy; a place he would willingly spend hours in.  He knew the difference had nothing to do with the room and everything to do with the man still wrapped in his arms. Tilting his head back slightly, Sherlock studied John's face.  He looked much younger in his sleep, the lines softened, his jaw line relaxed.  The signs of fatigue that he had noticed the previous day were already fading; it would seem that it hadn't only been Sherlock who had benefitted from the night-time company.  Wriggling back in closer, Sherlock thrilled when John pulled him tighter against himself before burrowing his face into Sherlock's chest, warm contentment flooding his body.
Ah. Sherlock knew what John's questing hands had found.  Stepping away from him, Sherlock held up his hand in a signal for John to stop.
Sherlock nervously re-enters John’s room, unsure of what awaits him. Seeing John valiantly fighting against tears is not entirely unexpected but it hits Sherlock directly in the chest, causing him physical pain. The anguish that lines John’s face is too much for Sherlock’s self-control and he doesn't hesitate, going straight to John’s side, resting a comforting hand on John’s shoulder.
“Oh?”  Sherlock abandons all pretence of finishing his food, instead moving to hold John’s hand, his heart racing; as it always does every time they make contact.
“I need to see him, Mycroft. I need to see him with my own two eyes.”  Sherlock is already off his bed and grabbing for his dressing gown.  With difficulty he manoeuvres the drip bag through its wide sleeve before hanging the bag back on the drip stand.  He falters in his progress momentarily before Lestrade helps him to slip the dressing gown on properly.
John moved his hand in a firm caress down to Sherlock's bare chest, feeling the firmness of his muscles and the pounding of his heart. Glancing down he could see the way the sheet tented over Sherlock's erection and he knew that telling Sherlock what he had seen and how he felt had been the right decision.  He had danced around his attraction to Sherlock for too long, now he needed to be honest. One of Sherlock's hands was hanging loose at his side, the other still gripped the sheet.  Sherlock's mouth was now partly open, his lips shining where his tongue had licked across them during John's confession. His eyes were dark, pupils huge and fixed intently on John, their focus flitting over John but lingering most on his lips then his cock.
The touch of your penis against mine was magnificent but the touch of your hand on me, bringing me to orgasm, was sublime. I know that we agreed to take things more slowly but the thought of your hands on my skin, of your fingers inside me, is enough to make my body react and my mind rebel against rules." To illustrate his words, Sherlock nudges his half-hard cock against John, gasping in surprise when he feels that John's body is in a similar state.
“You’re wearing your suit tonight.”  Sherlock states, following John’s glance.  His voice grows deeper, heat creeping into his words as he visualises what John might look like in his suit.  “I look forward to it.”
Huge thanks to Heyerette for all her translation work, for getting me interested in Empress Elisabeth and for all the wonderful historical conversations we've had since!
Sherlock states, his inflection falling flat as if quoting from some medical text and John concedes that is probably precisely what he is doing.
Thanks go once again to Lockedinjohnlock for her awesome beta skills and support, especially at a time when I know she is so busy herself. Huge thanks also go to Iwassoalone for telling me I could do it when I kept complaining about how hard I was finding this chapter!
By the time that Sherlock leaves the shower - pyjama trousers sitting low on his hips, hair clean and skin flushed from the warm water he eventually allowed himself to enjoy - Gethin has finished changing John’s bandage and the two men are chatting about some of the more unusual patients they have seen over the years.
Sherlock heard John's voice as if from a distance, drawing his focus back, amazed to find his arms draped around John's shoulders and John's arms are around his waist. When did that happen? How could he have missed it? Part of him wants to ask John to let him go just so they can become entwined again, but the majority of him is lost in the moment, eyes fixed on the way John's fringe moves with each exhale.
Sherlock shrugs in response, sipping his water, forcing his eyes to scan the room; unwilling to admit that when it comes to things that John has said or done he never deletes anything.  Three or four of the other diners are recognisable from Mycroft’s files, surprisingly most appear to be here with their romantic partners.  Sherlock files that unexpected piece of information away for later perusal.
Sherlock places a soothing hand on John's thigh. "Read on, John." The words are repeated once more and it is that, more than anything, which refocuses John's attention back on the page.
"Ok." John takes a deep breath to face the task ahead. Slowly his hands stop trembling and his heart adopts a more sedate rhythm; he can do this. "I want you sitting up first, right side turned towards me, in fact, let's move this closer to the fire, help retain body heat."
His cock is pressed hot and hard between his stomach and the bed and he fights against the almost overwhelming temptation to thrust, to seek out some relief for the ache he is feeling, but he fears that any friction at this point will tip him over the edge and into orgasm.
“Who shot you? No. Wait.” John instructs, eyes searching Sherlock’s features, looking for clues in the same manner that Sherlock gathers data at a crime scene. “Mary. Mary shot you.” Sherlock gives a short nod when John looks to him for confirmation. “Christ! Why the fuck would she do that? You’re her friend!” He stops, confused. “What the hell was she even doing there?”
John.  Above and beyond that of the love for a friend; best friend or otherwise, but he never thought that John felt anything for him beyond a deep and abiding friendship - and even that realisation had taken him far too long.
"Head up John. Eye contact." Sherlock knows his voice is soft, over sentimental. It matches how he is feeling perfectly.
This may be something that is affecting you on a subconscious level, as, I am sure, is the recent attempt on Mr Holmes’ life.”
John thinks he sees disappointment briefly flit across Sherlock's face, but it is quickly replaced by one of Sherlock's half smiles - a smile that is usually reserved only for John.
"Everything is fine, better than fine, in fact.  I'm just restless, I need to be doing something, John.  A case, an experiment, anything." Sherlock smiles down at John, silently reassuring him that he still loves him, isn't bored by him.
"I saw you rub your hands over your body, over your nipples, down your firm stomach."  As John spoke he moved his hand over Sherlock's chest and stomach, over the edge of the sheet before finally grasping Sherlock's cock. Sherlock allowed his head to fall back, groaning slightly.  "I saw you take your cock in your hand, I saw you close your hand into a firm grip. You looked like some marble creation of Michelangelo's, the tears of angels running over you in envy of your beauty. Your body is so perfect, so beautiful, so fuckable. I saw you stroking yourself, pumping and, oh fuck Sherlock, watching you my cock had never been so hard! I wanted to join you, to rub my body against yours but I couldn't move, you mesmerised me. I saw you pump harder and harder, saw the flush in your skin and I saw you throw back your head as you came, heard my name on those ridiculous lips of yours!"
John switches his gaze between the two men, both so similar in their posture, both upright and tense, neither wanting to admit the truth of John's words.
The rest of the meal continues with quiet chit-chat and ends with a rather delicious apple pie that Mrs Hudson retrieves from downstairs. They retire to the living room and Mrs Hudson seems in no rush to leave them and John can't say he blames her. It's obvious how much she cares for them both but Sherlock has a large part of her heart and John feels that it's just as it should be.
“Anything specifically relating to her current employer?  The one who ordered her seduction of John?”  John winces at Sherlock’s question but stays silent.
Vividly, he recalled John sweeping him into a low dip, how it had felt so right to be there, John's strong arm underneath him, a look of adoration on his handsome face, how he had felt the laughter welling up in him despite the shock of the sudden movement.  Then he had met John's  gaze, had seen the intensity of John's desire, had felt his own body responding, his breath coming in gasps, heart pounding. He had felt the frisson between them, more powerfully than he had ever felt it before.  Then he had seen shock race across John's features, heard the surprised gasp and then felt himself falling as he was dropped. He had instinctively reached out to break his fall, grabbing onto John's shirt and pulling him down too. For a delicious, breath stopping moment he had been crushed beneath John's weight, hyper aware of every element of him, the heaving breaths, the heat of his groin pressing into his legs, his lips scant centimetres from his own.  Sherlock remembered how suddenly the moment had been broken as John had wrenched himself away, embarrassment and arousal warring on his face. He had seen poor John struggling to lighten the moment and had joined in with the awkward laughter, surprised when it had become genuine.  He loved these moments with John, the way that something so awkward or stressful could be transformed into a moment of joy.  The enigma that was John Watson would never be boring.
"Yes, well...." Sherlock mumbles, averting his eyes at John's raised eyebrow. "I had genuinely meant for us to shower ......I got distracted."
"Um, right, thanks for that, Molly." John rubs the nape of his neck before sucking his lower lip in, fighting his own embarrassment down. "I appreciate you taking the time to get the tests done so quickly and for letting me know personally."
“Yeah, it is.”  John loses his battle and breaks in to high pitched giggles, the sound somehow innocuous in the hospital room.  “You, Sherlock Holmes, are cute!”
"Sit down, Inspector ..... Gregory ......... I have some highly classified information to share with you concerning my brother's would-be murderer. What you do with that information is up to you but I hope that you will see the situation as we do, and join our efforts." Mycroft gestures towards the only other empty chair in the room and Greg sits warily down, taking in the serious faces of his friends.
"A child's movie. You are comparing the work of one of the greatest criminal masterminds we have ever known to that of a child's film?" Mycroft looks distinctly non-plussed, sending John off into another fit of giggles.
"Guess you weren't the only one affected." There is a chuckle hidden in his words and Sherlock smiles with him. "I said you could ask me questions and all I've done is talk. What did you want to ask me?"
Together they pass into Sherlock's (their) room and Sherlock seats himself on the edge of the bed, parting his knees slightly to allow John to stand there if he wishes to. John stands to the side of Sherlock and organises the stuff that he will need, new adhesive strips, new sterile pad, antibiotic cream, if needed and surgical gloves. Sherlock eyes the gloves with distaste.
John watches as Sherlock continues to blink, knowing that he is processing what has been said but becomes concerned when the time continues to tick by.  “Sherlock?” John moves closer and studies Sherlock’s face, worry beginning to really kick in.  “Oh shit, I’ve actually broken you this time, haven't I?”  John releases one of Sherlock’s hand and reaches up to touch his face.  “Sherlock?”
"In a strange way you did, John.  I kept thinking of how disappointed you'd be if I didn't look after myself.  So I tried to eat regularly and I started swimming and running too.  The Vatican is astonishingly well equipped for the budding sportsman."  Sherlock had been prodding a prawn wanton around his plate as he spoke, only glancing up as he finished speaking.  "John, you've got some sauce on your lip."  He gestured vaguely at John, distracted by the sticky liquid clinging to the side of John's mouth.
I really hope you enjoy the new chapter! Please leave kudos and comments, they make me very happy and currently I could with every speck of happiness that may come my way.
Sherlock knew that John believed that he ignored the needs of his body, the needs of his transport, but only a fool would do that. Sherlock Holmes was far from being a fool and as such took the time to make sure his transport was healthy and well serviced.  Eating was not the necessity John believed it to be, extra weight would not help Sherlock during his daily life so he kept it to the barest minimum. Sleep was another thing that he had calculated to the smallest degree, a few hours being all he actually needed.  His body's sexual needs were no different, he acknowledged them and dealt with them efficiently, not needing to include others. Sherlock had a powerful brain  and could use it to conjure up scenarios that would allow his body to be satiated and his needs met.  Fantasies that he fully lived and became absorbed in, lost to all else around him until he climaxed.  Fantasies that almost always featured John, a willing and eager John. Ruefully Sherlock realised that he had allowed sentiment to become part of his life, the moment that he allowed John to become part of it.
The amazing Lockedinjohnlock has spent MANY hours wrestling this chapter into shape ready for recording. I really don't have the words in which to express my gratitude to her! She's worth her weight in gold, gemstones and chocolate! If I could I would send Sherlock and John over to express my gratitude!
Sherlock realised that he and John were barely moving now, just a gentle sway, wrapped in each other's arms.  He knows that John is telling him, in what has become their own unique way; that he loves him; that he will always be there for him: a new beginning.  The emotion is overwhelming him and he can find no words to return the sentiment.  He sighs as he feels John's hand drift up from the small of his back, the route it takes marked out in exquisite temptation. Each soft caress of fingertips, each firm press of palm is driving Sherlock further and further along the path of pure abandonment.  He wants to let go of his last reserves, he wants to finally, finally kiss John's lips, to lose himself in the promise of the moment.  But he can't.  The last step into utter surrender terrifies him.  He knows he needs John to be the brave one, for John to take the lead in this most sensual of dances.
For a moment John’s hand remains limp and passive within hers, his skin oddly cool to the touch; an unpleasant sensation that she actively has to fight against to remain holding his hand. A slight twitch, then tightening of the muscles in his fingers indicate that he is becoming aware of her touch.  Briefly, she believes that John is going to actively engage in the hand-holding but her, albeit shallow, hopes are dashed when he pulls his hand out of her grasp, a pained frown upon his brow and a mumbled ‘Sherlock,’ escaping his lips before he settles back in to a deeper sleep.  His face once again calm and worry free.
Sherlock’s hand spasms against John’s cheek and the kiss pauses as Sherlock slides his other hand around to the nape of John’s neck, long fingers sliding up in to John’s hair.
"Mycroft? Our visitor is Mycroft?" John splutters, legs braced apart and hands on hips, mindless of his nakedness. "At this point, I'm not even sure
"Sentiment isn't a bad thing, Mycroft. It gives us the strength to do what we must, even when we're afraid. The courage to remain strong when we're needed." John squeezes Sherlock's hand, smiling softly at him before turning his attention back to Mycroft. "And the desire to do all that we can to avert little brothers' destructive impulses. And the dedication to picking up the pieces when those impulses shatter the person we care about."
“John, I…” Sherlock begins but words fail him when John continues to smile up at him, attraction colouring the soft pink of his lips and adding a bright spark to his dark blue eyes. Sherlock blinks rapidly in confusion, hoping that each blink will provide a solution, but none comes.
The smooth material moulds gently over Sherlock’s thighs, defining the strength of them but John’s focus is firmly captured by the way the material defines Sherlock’s groin.
"Well, as revealing as this visit has been so far, it is not the reason why Gregory and I came here. Some new evidence about Ms Morstan's background has come to light." Mycroft signals Lestrade who hands Sherlock a copy of an official looking document. John sits on the arm of Sherlock's chair, leaning over slightly so that he can see what is written on the page.
Usual thanks go out to everyone! Please forgive any mistakes with my waltz positions descriptions, I've researched and even practiced!
Greg just chuckles good-naturedly at John’s discomfort; despite what Sherlock often says of him, he knows he is a good police officer but he's certain even bloody Anderson knows how much Sherlock and John watch each other and how broken they had each been when they thought they had lost the other; one to supposed death, one to marriage.
“I visited the offices of Charles Magnussen on behalf of a high ranking client, who shall remain nameless.  I had managed to talk my way in to the main offices and when John and I arrived Magnussen’s P.A and his security staff were all unconscious, manually knocked out. John stayed with the P.A whilst I went upstairs to locate Magnussen, I was certain he was still in the building. I could hear Magnussen talking, pleading really, and when I pushed open the door he was there, on his knees, being held at gunpoint.”
"Sherlock? What do you need? What hurts?" The words are tumbling out of John's mouth and his hands are trailing carefully over Sherlock's arms before Sherlock has even realised where the pain is coming from. Ever efficient John can see that the drip needle is misaligned and the tubing leading from the bag containing rehydration fluids snagged. "We're going to need to get this changed; it's going to leave a nasty a bruise I'm afraid." John finally looks Sherlock directly in the eyes and his care and concern is clear for anyone to read.
A later posting for this chapter than usual, I'm afraid real life got in the way for both myself and my beta, the incomparable Lockedinjohnlock.
Sherlock hesitates for only a moment before giving in to temptation and linking their hands back together, cursing his pale skin and the flush of colour he knows is now riding high on his cheeks.
"Oh God, Sherlock. I want you!" The words are gasped against Sherlock's sweaty cheek and he answers with a high pitched whine. Sherlock's body arches and then trembles as he fights to retain control, John's words evidently enough to push him close to climax.
"You mustn't be worried about me, John. I'd been called freak numerous times by then and as much as I enjoyed kissing him, I didn't lament his loss. Plus, I'd discovered that I loved kissing, it opened up a rather interesting part of my education."
I don’t think it was something that either of us had really thought about. I’d seen anal sex being done in a couple of gay porn films but it looked like it would take far too long to prepare for.” He squeezes Sherlock’s hip, a wry smile on his lips.
Sherlock heard John's voice as if from a distance, drawing his focus back, amazed to find his arms draped around John's shoulders and John's arms are around his waist. When did that happen? How could he have missed it? Part of him wants to ask John to let him go just so they can become entwined again, but the majority of him is lost in the moment, eyes fixed on the way John's fringe moves with each exhale.
“Good?” He asks, knowing his question is unnecessary from the way John continues to respond to his caress.
Sherlock's body trembled with the strength of his fantasy, his wet curls framing his face as the water streamed over his pale body, his eyes closed but fluttering with each stroke of his fist.  His full lips parted as his breath became shallow, his chest flushed pink with both the heat of the water and the strength of his fantasy. His hand moving firmly, rhythmically up and down his long cock, squeezing and teasing until finally Sherlock felt himself getting close to his climax. His hand sped up, the stroking becoming more frantic and his breathing broken.  Throwing his head back the water ran in streams over his long pale neck as he came with a loud groan and shudder, John's name on his lips.
Sherlock sniggers before leading John back into the living room, pushing him down to sit down on the sofa, curling up beside him. Taking a laptop, John's this time, he proceeds to tap away, earnestly researching something or another. John knows that Sherlock will share information in his own sweet time and reaches for the TV remote, flicking through the channels until he finds something suitably entertaining, settling in for what may be the long-haul.
“Precisely that.”  John replies evenly, his expression open.  “People who are here for the weekend.  Mycroft used his influence as a ‘minor government official’ to gain access to the guest list, giving you the names of a select few.”
"What else did you see? Tell me, tell me how it made you feel." Sherlock's voice was now a deep broken whisper, the rumbled words making John's cock throb in response. John's gaze was transfixed by Sherlock's lips, the way that they glistened and moved around each word and he desperately wanted the taller man on his knees, those deliciously sensual lips wrapped around his cock.
“I never kept you around for your scintillating conversational skills, John.”  Sherlock teases, watching as John succumbs.
lowered inhibitions.” Sherlock stands and moves well within the nurse’s personal space, silver-blue eyes cold and intense.  “This is completely out of character for John and I need you to..”
“Yeah.  Yes, it’s me.”  He moves towards his chair, detouring to the sofa when he notices Rosie curled up on Sherlock’s lap there, sound asleep in her favourite yellow pyjamas.  “Do you want me to take her?”
“John?”  Sherlock calls as he takes the last few stairs at a run.  “John?”  He pulls off his coat, hanging it on the hook next to John’s, glancing around the flat for John or Rosie.
“Yes, there is.  I’m the bloody doctor.  I should know whether I’m having an allergic reaction or not.” Sherlock knows better than to argue with that tone - and that the antihistamines won’t do any harm.
Suddenly, the kiss breaks and they are resting again, forehead to forehead.  Their gasps mingle in the air, dancing to their own song.  John's face is intent, his gaze fixed upon Sherlock, eyes travelling from Sherlock's eyes to his lips before flicking back up, obviously yearning to explore again.
"Strangely, that ties in with my first kiss with a bloke. I was 17, almost 18. I'd just sat my last 'A' level and my mate, Nathan, and I decided to celebrate the end of our exams by getting utterly hammered. He got the beers in, we went to his and we settled down for what we thought would be a truly epic drinking session. We were only a few bottles in when he kissed me. I was so shocked I froze, then, I'm afraid I rather inelegantly snogged him. I'd slept with a previous girlfriend but that experience hadn't prepared me for the surge of want that I felt for him." The memory of his fumblings brings a deep flush to John's cheeks that Sherlock finds strangely endearing. He had expected to feel jealous, hearing about John's previous lovers but instead he feels only inquisitiveness.
He leans down slightly and captures John’s mouth in another all encompassing kiss, having to consciously pull himself away, not wanting to bring their first time together to a sudden halt with him ejaculating into his trousers.
When the waiter comes over, John lets Sherlock order for him, the richness of Sherlock's voice caressing John's ears.
"Sherlock." His whispered name draws him back out of his increasingly frustrating musings, the sight of John's concerned and caring face going a long way to calming his thoughts, if not his fears. He reaches out a shaking hand towards the cup of ice chips, wincing at the pull of the drip in his hand. A blood pressure cuff on his other arm limits his movement from that side. "Nope. You're sitting still and I'm doing this. You're going to sit there and suck on this ice and be bloody quiet whilst I have my say." John puts the cup down on the small slide-out table on the hospital bed and uses the buttons to slowly raise Sherlock into a seated position. He leans over Sherlock to adjust the pillow and Sherlock catches a hint of John's deodorant and the delicious musk of John himself. His pulse speeds up a little as a result of John's proximity and he silently curses the increased beeping from the monitor, spilling his secrets to the world at large.
“There’s no point me being here, he's out cold.”  Mary snaps, irritated by Sherlock’s continued interference.  “I’ll come back tomorrow once they take him off that and he’s awake.”  She gestures towards all the machines that are monitoring and aiding John’s recovery.
"Oh God, yes." It's new territory for John, but he is not daunted.  The idea of taking Sherlock into his mouth, tasting his muskiness, is incredibly arousing. Only the realisation that it is mostly likely a first for both of them, that stops John from dropping to his knees.  Licking his lips, John's stomach flips as he sees the answering heat in Sherlock's eyes.  "In your room though, yeah?"
. The thought causes a shiver to run down his spine, a flush to rise to his cheeks. He is gratified to see a similar flush gracing Sherlock's handsome face.
“I have a scruffy police officer and a fat busy-body at my disposal, I’m sure one of you will be able to help.  If not, one of you can distract her and I’ll simply look up the information for myself.”  Sherlock challenges as he leaves the room, making a beeline for the nurses' station.  His pace less strident than usual but still cutting an imposing figure nevertheless.
"You. I was distracted by you, John Hamish Watson.... " He grins, the smile wreathing his face in carefree lines and sitting crookedly on his face. "..... And I don't regret a damn second of it."
“John?” Sherlock’s voice is more urgent now.  “John? I need you to wake up.  Please John, wake up.  Wake up for me.”
"Right, I'm off for a shower before the doctors come round.  I bet you're looking forward to being home, finally being allowed to shower without a nurse being present or having the dreaded bed bath."  John collects clean clothes from their wardrobe, smirking at Sherlock.
Relief and despair fought for dominance in Sherlock's mind.  Maybe John hadn't deliberately ignored him? Maybe Mary needed John more at that moment? That still didn't explain why Sherlock had not heard anything directly from John but he felt the tiny Phoenix of hope start to rise from the ashes of his shattered dreams.
He was surprised to see a faint bloom of colour on John's cheeks. It was either indicative of embarrassment or arousal. Embarrassed about having prolonged physical contact? Aroused by the possibility? As much as Sherlock wanted to linger on that possibility he knew he had to cocentrate on the lesson.  Closing his eyes he willed the thought away, locking it with the idea of a sexually experienced, rhythmic John. Sherlock decided he was going to live in the moment and damn well enjoy it! And he was going to use everything in his considerable armoury to make sure John did too!
Sherlock had then let the moment lead him, singing along to the song, singing to John, for John. He had felt John watching him, the intensity of it bringing the warmth of attraction to his skin. John's breathed 'amazing' had given him such a feeling of well-being that he hadn't been able to meet John's eye at first but upon glancing up had been hit with such a surge of arousal that he had been unable to control himself as he grabbed for John. He had pulled John flush with his own body, had felt the heat surging between them and heard John's breath stutter in shock and desire.  He had seen the way that John's eyes had darkened, John's need reflecting his own. He had needed to feel John's body moving against his and had practically demanded John danced with him, deliberately overwhelming John with his voice and body.   He had held him against him, unrelenting, his hand knotted in John's shirt to stop his hands from wandering further over John's  body. He could feel John's erection pressing into his thigh, the sensation making him giddy with desire, his fantasies of having John pressed against him had not prepared him in the least for the reality of the moment. The consciousness of John's sexual need for him had threatened to undo him.  He had panted to try and regain control only to have that control wrenched from him as John had pulled them even closer together. Even now he could clearly feel the sensation of John's splayed hand across the small of his back.  Somehow that possessive hand had seemed more erotic than even being able to feel John's erection against his thigh. Unable to stop himself, he had shifted his hips so that his own erection had pressed into John, the much needed friction had been exquisite and he had barely stifled a groan. Then John had raised his face to his, his eyes leaving nothing to the imagination, he had known what he wanted. Sherlock had reacted instinctively, closing his eyes and lowering his face in anticipation. His heart had been pounding, his temperature spiking, all normal deductions seeming to be on mute. He had felt John's breath on his face, so sweet and enticing, his lips so close. He had inhaled deeply trying to capture the scent of John....
“I once called you an idiot, John.  I am willing to admit that I may have wrong.”  Sherlock curls up at John’s side, hair starting to dampen the shoulder of John’s robe.
"There's a saying 'If you love something, set it free... If it comes back, it's yours, if it doesn't, it never was.... ' You've already set him free and he keeps coming back.  Now it's Mary's turn."
“You’ve not deleted that?”  John pours them both a glass of ice water from the jug on the table, his hand perfectly stable despite his laughter.
John watches, feeling strangely disconnected, as the figure gets more distant, eventually getting lost in the usual bustle of activity in Baker Street. His eyes remain fixed on the world outside but his brain is a frantic hub of activity.  Snippets of memories crawl painfully across his mind, moments of perceived joy with Mary now tainted with the information that Anderson's files have confirmed.  The way that Mary had shyly approached him at work, had gradually drawn him out of his shell is now seen clearly for what it was; her heartless way of making him notice her,
The amazing, helpful, supportive and kind Lockedinjohnlock has taken on the tough task of helping me to knock this into shape in the hope of turning into a podfic. I can't praise her dedication and kindness enough! She is helping to improve my writing and my confidence in it. I am hugely flattered that she has offered to look this over and (fingers crossed) podfic this!
"Bloody hell Sherlock, I should have recorded that! Kept it to play back every time you're an annoying dick!" The laughter in John's  voice keeping the jibe light hearted. "Right. Sit still for ten minutes. Let the food digest."
"John, I feel in need of a shower." Sherlock rubs one large hand over his chin and cheeks, the stubble bristly and rough against his fingertips, the electric razor that he had used in the hospital not giving him the close shave he prefers. "And a shave."
"Ok, John, ummm.." Molly colours and shoves a wrapped, sterile, plastic beaker in his hand. "Sherlock ordered, I mean requested, ummmm..." The blush of Molly's cheeks is endearing, as is her stuttering and John would feel more kindly towards her if he weren't fighting embarrassment of his own. He can't help feeling rather idiotic about it all; he's had more personal and intrusive tests done in the past but the fact that Molly is a friend and obviously knows precisely
"I..." John stuttered to a halt, his fist clenching at his side. "How the hell do you even know any of that Sherlock?" Sherlock opened his mouth to explain just as John raised one finger to silence him. "No, actually I'd really not know. My sex life is personal Sherlock.  Personal. Not for your deductions.  Not for you to mull over in your bloody mind palace.  Not for you to talk about. Do you understand, Sherlock? I have to have something that is mine, private just to me. Do you think you can do that for me Sherlock?"
"So..... What should I do about Mary?" Mrs Hudson's sudden enquiry jolts John out of his relaxed state and causes Sherlock to throw him a worried glance before bestowing a glare in Mrs Hudson's direction. "Oh, don't look at me like that Sherlock Holmes. I know she shot you and I know that John is not returning to her." She glances at John, taking in his open mouth and wide eyes. "It's obvious that you've finally told Sherlock how you feel; about time too, John, and I'd think rather poorly of you if you left him after that." She glances between both men, shrewdly not mentioning their blushes or gaping mouths. "The question remains though, what do I do about Mary? Obviously, she thinks John is here looking after you as you recuperate, Sherlock, but does she know he's not going back?"
"I took it off," John shrugs, the dismissive move not coming off as smoothly as he had hoped. "I felt like I was betraying you by still wearing it, somehow."
"When Mary came out of hospital we had a very frank conversation about where I needed to be.  Well I say 'we' but mostly she talked and I listened."
The lovely Lockedinjohnlock continues to do a brilliant job on this! My use of commas (well, lack of) must be the bane of her existence!
“Who, Sherlock?  Who had Magnussen at gunpoint?” Lestrade asks, both hands crushing his empty coffee cup.
“Yes sir.  Our beekeeper, Mr. Harris, is on site today; I can give him a call, arrange a meeting, if you wish.  I hope there is nothing wrong?”  The slightly furrowed brow is the only outward sign that the concierge is worried.
"Dance with me, Sherlock."  John's voice was equally desire-laden, the hushed sound of it causing Sherlock's body to respond, blood redirecting, soft flesh filling, firming, heating.  He opened his eyes to find John already standing, one hand held out to him.  Without hesitation Sherlock linked his hand with John's, gracefully standing until he was mere inches from him.  Sherlock watched as John moved and with his free hand pressed a button on the CD player before finally resting his hand at Sherlock's waist. He could feel John's heat burning into him even as he heard the first bars of the song.  Arousal and confusion were fighting for dominance.  This is not a song he knows.  This is not a dance he knows. This is John's song and John's dance, and Sherlock must follow.
Lestrade slips off the bed and tidies the table away before helping Sherlock with his covers and IV line. Sherlock feels like he probably should be protesting but he appreciates the well-meaning help of the older man.  It is reminiscent of his childhood when Mycroft would tuck him in at bedtime and then they would read Treasure Island together.  Mycroft quietly leaves the room to retrieve the spare visitor’s chair from John’s room and to collect his laptop that Anthea left at the nurses’ station.  The sounds of the hospital gradually begin to fade to a dull murmur as Sherlock allows his eyelids to droop.
John efficiently strips off to his boxer shorts and t-shirt, the manner in which he does it leaving no doubt that he does not mean to continue their earlier encounter at this time. He can feel Sherlock's gaze upon him and quickly slides under the bedsheets, turning on to his side in an effort to hide his ever-hopeful erection. The hungry look on Sherlock's face is enough for John to know he has been unsuccessful but the attraction he can see there evaporates the last of any embarrassment he had been feeling about sprawling almost naked in Sherlock's bed.
The term uncle has never seemed quite right, they’d both had shit uncles - not that Sherlock ever really mentions his extended family.
"Of course, Sherlock. I'll come and help you cut up some poor little glow worms!" Grinning, John heaves himself out of bed and grabs his toiletries bag before heading into the en-suite.
"Oh shit, Sherlock!  Oh God, I'm so sorry! I shouldn't have tried that, delete it. It was wrong of me to put you in that situation."
“She left?”  Sherlock queries, before clearing his throat and raising the head of his hospital bed to an upright position. He reaches for the glass of water on the bedside cabinet.  It’s room temperature but it’s still welcome, easing the scratchy dryness in his throat and clearing his head somewhat.
John waits until Gethin has left the room, needing for the words to be just between them - for now - before opening his mouth to finally say what is clawing at his chest in its eagerness to be free when he catches the sight of movement out of the corner of his eye and the words die in his mouth…
Nothing had been able to fill the void left by Sherlock’s absence but he had begun to heal and to see some sort of future for himself; perhaps not the one he had originally envisaged but one he thought would bring him some measure of happiness.
Seeing John emerge from the kitchen had been ludicrously reassuring and he had been unable to keep the silly smile from his face. John had given him his coffee - microwaved after going cold - just how long had he slept? - and then sat on the floor next him, ignoring his chair. The Irish coffee had been a pleasant surprise.  Of course John would know how to make it perfectly for Sherlock, sweet and heavily dosed with whiskey. They had both made short work of their drinks; Sherlock remembered how intently John had been studying him whilst he drank, how that observation had made his skin heat, how desperately he had wanted John back in his arms. He had offered to make another drink, surprising John with the uncharacteristic act. He had then put a new song on to play. 'A Thousand Years.' When he had stumbled across the song it had awoken a half remembered impression of a legend. He had meant to tell John all about it but the look of surprise on John's face at Sherlock's sentimentality had stolen the words from his mind; instead he had busied himself with the coffee. He had meant to tell John that the legend said that one of the gods had been unhappy with the contentment of man and had split them into two parts, and that from then on mankind had been searching for their other half, their soul mate. When they found that person, that was when they became whole once more. He had loved John for a thousand years, would love him for a thousand more; his heart had indeed found its home. John was his other half, his soul mate, a part of him he hadn't even known was missing.
"Yes, just outside Hardegg, but inside the borders of the National Park. Because of the location I could only get a small one, it has just the one bedroom." There is a twinkle in Sherlock's eye, but his tone is serious. He is giving John the chance to back out if he feels the need.
Sherlock keeps his focus on Rosie, trying to ignore the little stab of emotional pain he gets whenever Mrs. Hudson implies that Rosie is his.  She isn’t, she never has been, and it is nigh on impossible that she ever will be.  He comforts himself with the fact that John feels that he is helping him to raise her and that allows him to continue with his animal noises without a hitch.
“She gave you a chance? Showed remorse?” The same pleading tone is there and it hurts Sherlock to the core. “Tell me the truth.”
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson.  We’re having a lovely time.”  John answers, deliberately ignoring her last question.
"On a case for Mycroft, as you very well know." Sherlock's words were deliberately clipped, a trace of his old arrogance apparent, knowing that he needed to keep the wall up against the emotions that were rising, ready to flood out. He kept his eyes fixed on John's overly tensed body, the only movement being the rise and fall of his heaving chest. John's fists were still clenched at his sides, ready to spring into action again at one wrong word from Sherlock; his chin was jutting out in determined stubbornness. The whole of his body language demanding an explanation from Sherlock.
"John?" The tone is unusually gentle, the expression on Sherlock's face when John looks up is uncommonly kind. John shakes his head and leans into Sherlock, his forehead gently pressing against Sherlock's pectoral muscle, even in his turmoil John is conscious of Sherlock's injury. One large hand curls around his bicep, causing John to sigh and relax, the other hand trails gently over his back, soothing his cares away, before coming to rest at the nape of his neck.  John allows himself to be silently comforted, enjoying this softer side of Sherlock that he had denied existed for so long.
John keeps looking at the surgeon, fully aware of how quickly Sherlock had turned in his direction at the mention of his lingering dreams and the related anger issues.
The man trails off at the look in John’s eye, unwilling to get in another physical altercation with the good doctor, even an obviously weakened one.
Bit far fetched that, don't know what I must have been thinking.” Dry sarcasm sits heavy on John’s words and he refuses to look at Sherlock, instead staring at the blank screen of the television that sits in the corner of their room.
The memory of the way he had teased Sherlock's finger tip earlier floods through John, the power of the sense memory makes his mouth fill with saliva.  John has to swallow before he is able to speak.
"Oh. Do you need me at all?" John hopes the need to be near Sherlock isn't too obvious in his voice.
Sherlock could bear it no longer and grabbing John almost roughly pulled him in for a kiss. Plush, full lips pressed against firm lips, both men trying to pull each other closer with John keeping his hand firmly on Sherlock's cock. Gasping Sherlock pulled slightly away.
"Perfect. My clever John."  John suddenly found himself wrapped in two long arms, the tenderness displayed surprising  him. Slowly he led his lover to the bed, positioning him to lay flat before slowly moving his body above him. He held his weight off but allowed his skin to gently brush against Sherlock's, pure temptation. Looking deeply into his lover's eyes John could see the passion still burning deep in them, excitement sparking the blue into dominance before gradually being replaced by dilating  pupils. Slowly he kissed Sherlock's lower lip, savouring the sensation of the tender skin, occasionally nipping it with his teeth. Moving his attention to Sherlock's upper lip John traced the shape of it with his tongue, the shape was mind blowing in its perfection, kissable and enticing. Lightly licking again he savoured the taste, a heady mix of sweat and sex. Perfect, just perfect. Feeling Sherlock spread out beneath him, pliable against his lips, his own taste still evident in Sherlock's mouth, John's body began to respond again. John's gentle laugh brought a quizzical look onto Sherlock's face, a rarely seen expression. Motioning his gaze along his body John waited until Sherlock's eyes travelled down before pressing his burgeoning arousal against Sherlock.
Sherlock only becomes aware that he has twisted his hands deep into the sheets when John reaches up and gently untangles them.  His penis slides from John's mouth and he whines at the loss.
Sherlock leans against the mantelpiece feigning nonchalance but inside he's shaking, fear of what they may find in Anderson's notes and how it may affect John, tearing him apart.
In any other circumstances he’d be embarrassed by the needy noise he makes when his tongue finally comes into contact with Sherlock’s, instead he savours the unique taste and sensation, hardly daring to believe what is happening. The kiss slows, gradually stopping with a series of gentle kisses that make John’s heart ache with their sweetness.
Sherlock studies his brother in shock. Had he really just implied that he had been disappointed that John didn't choose him rather than Mary? A soft snort to his side stoppers the flow of vitriol he is preparing to spill.
“And why do you know this, when I do not?”  Sherlock breaks away to start pacing again, his mind working on making connections almost too fast for him to process.  “Why did he confide in you? And why did you choose this particular weekend to tell me how you felt?”
Sherlock pops the P, attempting to keep the conversation casual whilst simultaneously hoping John will understand the import of Sherlock sharing his real name.
Strong, sure hands encourage him to lift his left leg and he feels his boot being slid off, hears the clunk of his boot as it thrown to the side before the hands return to his foot, peeling off his sock.
"We haven't broken anything, Mrs Hudson.  We just wanted to share something with you."  John's voice is calm but Mrs Hudson can see that both he and Sherlock are flushed with secret excitement.
Friday morning finds them in Mrs. Hudson’s living room, their bags in the hallway, getting ready to say their goodbyes to Rosie. Mrs. Hudson and Molly are chatting quietly as John reads aloud to Rosie, Sherlock happily supplying additional sound effects for the giggling child.  The subtle click of a photograph being taken makes John look up for a moment, catching Mrs. Hudson cooing over the photo on Molly’s phone.
Finally, Mary had been the one to raise the subject of Sherlock and tell John to return home.  In the quiet of 221B John was able to admit that she was a far stronger person than he; he hadn't deserved her.  Doubt suddenly clouded his brow - why would he be any more deserving of Sherlock? The man had put his life on the line for his friends, for John in particular, never truly knowing if he would survive.  John had felt the evidence with his own hands that Sherlock had not returned physically unscathed and he knew from his own time facing possible death on a daily basis that Sherlock wouldn't have returned mentally unscarred, either.  If that bastard Moriarty hadn't already blown his own brains out, John would be more than happy to do it for him, but only after inflicting serious pain on him for every hurt he had ever caused Sherlock.
Don’t get the one on your head wet at all, keep it out of the water - I’m afraid that means no hair washing for a few more days at least.”
“Bloody … fiddly little buggers…”  John mutters, finally looking down at what he is doing and making much better progress.  He pulls Sherlock’s shirt from his trousers and pushes it unceremoniously off his shoulders, letting it drop in a crumpled heap on the floor.  “Finally.”  The words are breathed against Sherlock’s chest seconds before warm lips start smothering heated kisses over exposed skin, eliciting heartfelt groans from both men.
"Er, yes." John wets his lips again and stands taller, determined not to let Greg and Mycroft make him squirm like a teenager being caught with their hands down someone else's underwear.
His giggle turns into a breathy moan as Sherlock grinds against him, his erection slotting against John's. John grabs at Sherlock's narrow hips and guides Sherlock as he thrusts against him. Full, soft lips crush against his and he moans again, heat flushing his skin as his cock firms still further, throbbing against Sherlock. Gone is the warm laziness of their first waking, now heat and want are their ruling guides. John digs his fingertips into Sherlock's hips, hard enough to bruise, but Sherlock only groans before grabbing John's short hair with one strong hand and tugging his head back. He mouths against John's exposed neck and the sensation of stubble, teeth and tongue against his sensitive skin drive John further along the road of complete bliss. Sherlock's assertiveness is still laced with care and the mix is heady.
Sherlock concedes and attempts to feign relaxation in his chair, all the while alert for John’s symptoms worsening. Their conversation has obviously exhausted John but he seems content to let a comfortable silence fall between them. It takes a few minutes more of this warm silence for John’s eyes to take longer and longer opening after each blink.
I’m fairly confident neither Mycroft nor Greg would want us with either of them, although I suspect for very different reasons.”
Tonight though things seem to have changed; the way Sherlock had been unable to look away from John’s semi undressed form, the way he had flushed and the way he had allowed John’s touch to linger are all too much for John to just dismiss as coincidence.
"Afternoon." Sherlock couldn't resist correcting him, and was rewarded with the sight of John's comically widened eyes.
He drops his forehead down on to their joined hands.  “I’m sorry.  I should never have taken you with me to Mary.  I thought you'd be safe and I wrong.  I put you in the line of danger and I’m sorry.”
“Idiot.” The gentle insult surprises Sherlock into his own low chuckle, the normalcy of John’s taunt alleviating some of the stress that has been sitting heavily on Sherlock’s shoulders.
Sherlock sighs as John leaves, stifling the sound when Anderson glances curiously in his direction. A dismissive wave of his hand is all the response that Anderson gets before being directed to take a seat at the desk.
John sits down opposite Anderson and glares at the file set between them; if the fire in his eyes and the heat in his blood could be transferred the papers would be incinerated, vanishing into nothing but ash and memories. But, as in the nature of things, the papers remain stubbornly unburied, mocking John with their innocuousness. John takes a deep, calming breath and drags his hands over his face, the drag of his stubble against the delicate skin on his palms somehow grounding him.
“Do you want a drink before bed?” John busies himself moving the cups around, suddenly nervous now they are back in their bedroom.  “ We could have a nice cup of tea.  Or there’s coffee, though that’s probably not the best idea this close to…..”  He forces himself to shut up, hands still busy reorganising the cups.
"You want to share a bath?" John questions.  Sherlock resists the temptation to roll his eyes and merely nods.  John laughs aloud and Sherlock realises that perhaps he hadn't resisted the eye roll temptation as thoroughly as he had thought. "That's a lovely idea, but keep it shallow and we'll change your dressing directly afterwards."
John settles more comfortably into the pillows and gradually relaxes. The last thing he remembers before sleep overtakes him is the sensation of Sherlock's deep breaths against his chest and the feeling of Sherlock's steady heartbeat.
"Nope. How did Mycroft get into here." John's attention was now fully on Sherlock, his body moving completely in time to the music.
He studies John's face for a long moment, reading the sadness, the worry, noticing the moment that John decides to believe him.  Slowly, he lowers his face to John's, stopping when their lips rest lightly together.  He sighs when he feels the touch of John's palm against the nape of his neck.  The grip is both tender and strong, guiding him deeper into the kiss.  Their lips part and the tension in John's shoulders melts.  The kiss is still very chaste in the grand scheme of things, nothing more complicated than the soft meeting of lips and the sharing of breath but both men slide closer, Sherlock's right hand coming up to caress the side of John's face, his left going to the curve of John's back, urging him to move even closer.  A small moan escapes Sherlock at the first touch of John's tongue against his.  He can't believe that after all this time, after everything they've been through, they've finally arrived at this point.  The soft sound is met with an echo from John and the kiss deepens, John wrapping his left arm around Sherlock's waist, his pyjamas forgotten in his hand.
Gone is the warm reassurance of his conversation with John, Mr Rajkoomar now speaks with the tones of one who expects to be listened to - and obeyed.
Raising himself up on his elbows, Sherlock gazes down at John's flushed face.  "You were magnificent, John.  I'm sure this is one experiment you will be happy to repeat." Sherlock's voice is gravelly, his breath musky as it gusts across John's face.
"John ... I.." Whatever he was going to say is lost when John takes a small step back. The reaction had been spontaneous from John, knowing that, if Sherlock touched him now, he would be unable to resist kissing him. Then Sherlock would end up resenting him, either for an unwelcome kiss or for time wasted that should be spent on a case. John worries that he has hurt Sherlock's feelings, feelings that John had denied him capable of having for so long, but no, Sherlock nods slightly, hope in his eyes.
John walked over to the hospital bed, once again checking on the pale form that lay there. He assessed the machines monitoring vital signs, noting that blood pressure was good, pulse even, oxygen saturation within the norm. Stroking the slim white hand gently, John lowered his weary body onto the uncomfortable hospital chair, his arms resting on his legs, hands hanging limply as his shoulders folded in. His whole body finally gave in to the strain, head falling briefly to his chest before John battled to regain his control.  Jerking his head violently back up, John squared his shoulders before pinching the bridge of his nose firmly, forcing the threatening tears to stay unshed. He knew if he allowed the tears to fall now he would fall apart - he had to suppress the horror of Sherlock's leap from St Barts, the grief of the following two years and then the turmoil of his feelings since Sherlock's return.  All these emotions would escape in his tears and they would tear him apart, rip him limb from limb and leave him a bloody pulp in the corner, an enigma worthy of the investigation of one Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Detective.  The thought of Sherlock forced a desperate sob from him, the sound loud and out of place in the dour room. John knew that Sherlock would not be investigating his rather fanciful death by sentiment. Sherlock would not be doing anything with, or for, John again. Pulling out his phone, John looked again at the text he received five days ago.
It is only when he glances at himself in the mirror that he realises he'd been so absorbed in the sensation of the new clothes against his skin that he had neglected to put his shirt on. Laughing, he shakes his head at his forgetfulness and
"Doctor's orders, Sherlock. Up you get, you need food and medication, we'll cuddle again later." John instinctively swaps to his army doctor voice whilst carefully extricating himself from under Sherlock's weight.
"Oh, John." Sherlock whispers, his words reverential.  John stands proudly as Sherlock studies his body, refusing to hide away from the scrutinising gaze. He knows he is nothing special, a little under tall, a little soft around the middle, skin a little weathered, but the way that Sherlock is looking at him makes him feel exceptional.  A smile lights Sherlock's face as he focuses on John's penis.  "You've been keeping secrets from me."
"I know that, damn it!" John's temper bursts forth, quick and fiery and Sherlock flinches but moves to stand behind John, resting his hands on John's tense shoulders. "Sorry, I'm sorry.  It's just that a bullet to the shoulder in an active war-zone is vastly different to being shot in the heart by your best friend's wife.  I'm still having trouble coming to terms with it all." John raises his right hand to cover Sherlock's on his left shoulder, his pyjamas now dangling limply from his other hand.  "I want to fix it all."  The last few words are barely a whisper and directed at the floor.
"Not necessary, both tested clear after the bio hazard scare. Neither of us have been with anyone since." Sherlock's gasped words all John needed to hear. Leaning forward slightly John used his hand to position Sherlock's cock at his entrance. Sherlock thrust his hips slightly, causing the tip of his cock to press into the sensitive area. He met John's gaze with his own, both men's faces were flushed red, their eyes dark and intense, their lips parted, breath panting. But on both faces there was a look of love, deep and powerful.
"I meant..." Sherlock hesitates before continuing. "Between us. I know what I want. I want for you to move into my room and sleep in my bed every night. I want to continue exploring your body, and for you to explore mine. I want to continue to work cases with you and argue with you. I want ...... I
“She is.”  Sherlock agrees without hesitation.  “She is also a very intelligent, very energetic, two year old.  She is always busy learning new things; she doesn’t walk if she can run, she doesn’t say one word if she can say twelve.  She very rarely naps during the daytime.  She is able to do all this because she has a great parent - you.”  Sherlock lifts his hand, hesitates, then strokes John’s upper arm, his fingers briefly lingering over John’s bicep. “It’s no wonder you’re tired from time to time.’
“You’ll work it out, Sherlock.  You always do.”  John takes one of Sherlock’s hands between both of his and leans in.  “Anything I can do?”
Sherlock angles his body slightly to put his wash bag back in the small cupboard causing John to catch sight of long silvery scars on Sherlock’s back.
"Sher...." Surprise evident on his face, his mouth dry at hearing the softly spoken words, John cleared his throat nervously before speaking, this time his voice sounded firmer.  "That sounded almost .... romantic Sherlock."
A loud thud followed by raucous laughter from upstairs breaks Mrs Hudson’s musings and returns her to her original task.  She gets the various mixing bowls, spoons, flours, fruits and spices that are required for her treats to come to life and flicks the radio a little louder.  Before long she is singing and tapping away to the music, keeping the rhythm with her spoon or her whisk; her dancing days may be long gone but they aren't truly forgotten, her old bones remember still.  It’s only once the mixture is almost ready that Mrs Hudson allows her focus to drift a little and becomes aware of the sound of a gentle but persistent tap at the back door. It’s a pleasant enough evening but it is fully dark outside and heading towards midnight, she opens the door slightly, letting the kitchen light stream out over the slight figure of one of Sherlock’s homeless network.  The figure is not overly tall, maybe on a par with Mrs Hudson’s height, and not even the many layers can hide the slimness of the person, what they can do is hide any obvious clues as to whether the person is male or female.  Mrs Hudson studies the dirty face that is surrounded by badly cut black hair, wide brown eyes stare back from a face older than the slight build would have suggested.  Life on the streets is cruel and this face shows some of the effects of that cruelty; there’s a fresh cut high on a cheek which is just beginning to make the eye and surrounding area swell, the lower lip is split and seeping blood and Mrs Hudson can just make out a ragged earlobe where an earring appears to have been torn out.
Mycroft clears his throat before changing the subject, eyes flicking between John and Sherlock, taking in their joined hands and the way they unconsciously lean in to one another.
Sherlock slides his large hands round to cup John’s backside, sliding them beneath both the jeans and boxer shorts, flesh warm and soft against his skin. John’s breathing is broken, his chest heaving with emotion and he looks down at Sherlock, the image of him on his knees enough to cause John to salivate and groan. He threads his fingers into Sherlock’s hair, the curls twine around his fingers as he resists the temptation to pull Sherlock in closer, to feel his breath against him. Seconds later Sherlock eases both John’s trousers and pants down and off, leaving him naked and wanting in front of an equally wanting Sherlock.
. Sherlock is still stunned at how rapidly things had progressed last night. He'd meant only to tease John, to explore his body whilst they showered, perhaps to bring John to climax whilst watching every nuance of that beloved, expressive face. Instead his hormones and instincts had taken over and, surprisingly, he'd relished every second of it. His barriers had come down with a resounding crash and Sherlock had been brought to what, if he had been a more pious man, could have been the very edge of heaven at John's hands, hands that were surprisingly soft and nimble, hands that represented both strength and tenderness; that delivered lethal force and loving delicacy with equal skill.
!" Sherlock would sound exasperated if he wasn't so short of breath. "Of course it's bloody well ok! And if you don't get your mouth back on my cock this instant I shall......"
"Were you able to ascertain as to why Herr Lechner took the hair gems, Mr Holmes?" Herr Brün still holds the gems on his lap, but he appears more at ease.
Mycroft's hands are clasped loosely together in his lap. To the casual observer he looks calm and mildly disinterested but John's years in the army and work with Sherlock have given him the skills to identify false bravado when he encounters it.
John senses Sherlock’s nervous energy and runs a reassuring, if slick, palm along Sherlock’s side, confirming wordlessly that he is ready for this to move forward whenever Sherlock is. Sherlock breathes deeply at John’s simple touch, sighing with his exhale.
voice causes John to choke out a noise, it's a mix between a whine and a groan but he's far too turned on to be embarrassed. "I want to, I
“Yes. Well.  Good.”  John responds awkwardly, clearing his throat before continuing to talk, obviously determined to get his point across. “You’re still not actually listening, Sherlock.”  Sherlock forces himself to focus on what John is saying, clearing the inappropriate images from his mind.  This time, Sherlock allows himself to lean in a little, knowing that this conversation is important to John, no matter how painful it might be for him.  “What I’m trying to say is that sex isn’t a prerequisite for a relationship with me.  If the person I’m with doesn’t do that, then it’s fine, it’s all fine.” John’s face is earnest, the truth in his words obvious.
“Oh?”  John eventually manages, rolling his eyes at his own lack of eloquence and trying again.  “Good ‘oh’, or bad ‘oh’?”  He admits it’s not much better but it is the best he can manage with Sherlock's hand gently stroking over his bare skin.
"This, John." Sherlock's long fingers brush lightly over John's hip, before tracing the line between his abdomen and thigh.  John trembles as Sherlock's touch slides closer to his balls.  "I'd visualised what you would look like naked, but this is what you kept a secret from me. The fact that you would stand before me, proud in your nakedness.  All your softness ....."   A gentle hand cups John's testicles and long fingers stroke the soft skin behind.  "....... and hardness."   A long swipe of wet, warm tongue up John's erection causes him to gasp and thrust his hips forward.  "On display.  No shame, just for me.  Oh, God, John." Sherlock slips his mouth around the tip of John's cock, pulling a low moan from him.
“You really are an idiot, John.”  Sherlock lifts their joined hands and trails his lips over the back of John’s hand, allowing his parted lips to drag slightly over the skin, causing John to shiver in reaction. “When will you realise you are an integral part of the Work?”
“Hello beautiful.” The words tumble easily from John’s lips, only slightly slurred from the lingering effects off the anaesthetic. The greeting causes heat to rush to Sherlock’s cheeks, adding colour to his usually pale complexion. “Wow, you are so gorgeous.”
The bath fills quickly and Sherlock gets in, directing John to sit between his spread legs, thankful for the room their old fashioned bath gives them.
John's head is now moving in a steady rhythm, only the smallest amount of guidance is given from Sherlock.  On each new suck or tongue roll Sherlock thrusts deeper in until soon he is canting his hips at a frantic pace.  All too soon he feels the tell tale tingle of orgasm and his shaft thickens.  Gripping firmly onto John's head, he thrusts twice more before spilling into John's mouth, his body curled up and over John. With a gasp, Sherlock flops back onto the bed, his penis sliding from John's attentive mouth.  Sherlock's mind is still reeling from the whole experience when something wet and warm splashes onto his stomach. Opening his eyes he can see John kneeling up, his left hand working his cock, John's eyes are fixed on Sherlock and his mouth partially opens as he loses himself in his second orgasm of the night.  The sight is sublimely erotic and Sherlock groans before pulling a thoroughly spent John onto him, heedless of the cooling ejaculate between them.  Both men lie breathing quick and deep for long minutes before Sherlock breaks the comfortable silence.
Their lips rarely leave the other’s as the heat builds up between their bodies, a fine layer of sweat easing the friction of their rhythmic undulations; both men happy to go wherever the mood takes them.
I started this during Lockdown (March 2020) and bizarrely I am ending it just as where I live once again enters Lockdown.
The doctor arrives promptly at nine o'clock and Sherlock and John both listen intently to his advice.  Sherlock is to keep the wound clean and covered for the next week, then he will be able to remove the dressing if the site remains clear of infection.  He has been given pain killers and antibiotics ( to be used only if required) and he is strongly advised to keep physical activity to a minimum.  No high impact sports for at least the next month and John adds that there are to be no cases that take him away from the flat at Baker Street.  He is told he can meditate, do basic yoga and Pilates but no complicated moves and nothing that puts pressure on his wound. There is a moment of awkwardness when the doctor mentions that intimate relations are permitted but nothing 'crazy, athletic or requiring weight to be borne on Sherlock's chest.' Sherlock had opened his mouth to ask precisely what was allowable, but a quick pinch to his thigh from John had caused him to close it with a click.
They are met upon their arrival at the very aptly named Little Monsters Day Nursery by James, one of the key workers in Rosie’s room.  In John’s eyes, James seems to be barely more than a kid himself, twenty-five years old as a maximum and barely out of his teenage growth spurt.  Despite his young face and hesitant smile, John knows that James is the perfect match for his boisterous, intelligent, ball of energy that occasionally answers to the name of Rosie.  James’ calm demeanour keeps Rosie’s energy and impulsiveness directed at appropriate activities and puzzles, his quick mind almost matches her own and his willingness to talk with her and undertake ‘research projects’ whilst the other kids nap has won him a firm place in Rosie’s heart - and an appreciative one in John’s and Sherlock’s.
"You're a sensible man, John. Condoms have always been in use during penetrative sex with previous partners.  Any one night stands you've had you've insisted that protection was in place for any sex.  On the few occasions you've performed oral sex on another without protection you've had yourself tested." Sherlock stands up, pulling John with him. "But I understand your concern and I won't do that again.  At least, not until we know you are clear of any disease."
“Time to head back in?’  John queries, knowing that Sherlock will understand what he is really asking; whether he is ready to share their bed.
John can find no words to express the euphoria he is currently swimming in but he'd happily let himself drown if only Sherlock would carry on performing whatever magic he is obviously doing. He nods and moves to untuck Sherlock’s shirt from his, quite frankly, sinful breeches.
Although Sherlock's body remains relaxed in John's arms, he hears the anxiety lacing Sherlock's whispered words.  His heart clenches at the knowledge that Sherlock  still seems so unsure.  John gently tilts his head, positioning himself so that he can look directly into Sherlock's face.  He is struck anew at the raw beauty he sees, the odd mix of innocence and wisdom, knowing that he will never tire of it.  Eyes fathoms-deep study him intently, as if he were the greatest mystery in the world.
Before Sherlock is able to calm his brain enough to answer, John takes him deep into his mouth, and the only things he can articulate are a collection of meaningless sounds.  His usually over active mind is only registering, 'wet, warm, pleasure, John,' on constant loop.
"The usual one?" Sherlock queries, peering up at John from under his fringe, his mouth twitching into a smile.
Sliding his left hand to the back of Sherlock’s neck, John gently guides Sherlock down to him as he raises slightly on his toes.
"Mary dear, you're looking well, positively glowing.  I'll just pop up and let the boys know you're here, shall I? Mrs Hudson twitters away, sounding every inch the slightly batty landlady that Mary has always presumed her to be.
“Wow.”  Sherlock can feel John chuckling, a mixture of relief and elation.  “You really wanted that kiss, huh?”  John moves so that he can look up at Sherlock.
He took a moment to admire the compact muscular body before him, there were a few scars here and there, the most striking being from the bullet that brought John to him.  Sherlock wanted to trace the line of each muscle, each scar, with his fingers and tongue but resolved to save that for another time.  He fixed his gaze on the part of John that he desperately wanted. Currently that part was hidden beneath a pair of deep red boxers, Sherlock moved closer slowly, gently blowing against the material. The sensation caused John to moan and his cock to twitch in anticipation. Spreading a large hand over John's  toned backside, Sherlock pulled him forward. Again he teased him with his tongue through the material, he could feel the heat coming off of John’s cock and his mouth moistened further. Finally the material was sodden and shaped to John's erection, using trembling hands Sherlock removed the wet boxers. John's cock was finally free of all covering, flushed with pounding blood, powerfully erect, a drop of glistening moisture at its head. Sherlock flicked his tongue over the tip, tasting the rich salty tang, one hand holding firmly to the shaft, the other tracing gentle patterns over John's inner thigh.
The question hangs heavy in the air. Mycroft's gaze is fixed on Sherlock as some silent conversation expressed only through their gaze and tiny twitches passes between them. Sherlock nods slightly before softening his gaze and returning his attention to Greg.
“As I am sure you are aware, our dreams are often a way of our brains trying to make sense of what has happened to us. Unfortunately, this rarely seems to happen in such a way that they make sense to our waking brain, if we remember them at all.
John picks at the blanket over his legs, sucks in his lower lip briefly and keeps his focus on his hands. His apprehensiveness over the expected answer evident.
Grinning Sherlock caressed his lover's face. "If I'd known you were there I would have had you in my shower and I do mean 'had'! "
"Teasing you." A lick through the line of hair leading from John's belly button to the top of his trousers.
Sherlock stops moving only when he can feel himself completely inside John, he has the almost overwhelming urge to utter something ridiculous like ‘John, I'm inside you,’ but manages to content himself with kissing John once more.
“Truthfully?”  John asks, laughter lining his face.  “Not much.  So I thought we could just…..”  He pulls Sherlock closer, releasing their joined hands, instead placing both arms around Sherlock’s body, drawing their bodies close.  “Wing it.”
Sherlock’s hands move to hover over John, eyes darting over his body, paying particular attention to his wound sites, looking for outward evidence of what has caused the sudden sallowness to return to John’s skin.
“As it should be but Rosie won’t appreciate you locking her away, John, or locking yourself away for that matter.”
Sherlock obeys him and tilts his head down slightly, his eyes fixed on John's face. John reaches up and works the conditioner through Sherlock's hair before spreading his fingers and combing back through, separating the luscious tendrils. Sherlock's eyes slide closed and his lips part, John's name a mere sigh. John continues to run his fingers through for far longer than is needed, loving the look on Sherlock's face and the soft sighs he is emitting. Once again, John guides him under the spray, rinsing away the conditioner before pulling him down for a kiss. Their lips part upon meeting, tongue seeking tongue even as the water runs over their faces and into their mouths, the sounds of their panting echoing around the tiled room. Without breaking the kiss, John reaches for the shower-gel and pours a generous amount onto his hand. Slowly, sensuously, he smooths the gel over Sherlock's broad shoulders, finally breaking the kiss to wrap his arms around Sherlock. He circles foamy hands over Sherlock's strong back, fingers tracing over the scars and his heart swells at the thought of Sherlock's sacrifices for him. Gradually, he trails his hands over Sherlock's backside, loving the way the shape of it fits into his palms, before trailing his fingers into Sherlock's cleft. He feels Sherlock sag against him, long, strong fingers digging into his shoulders before Sherlock presses his face into John's neck, sucking the moisture from his skin before gently nipping with his teeth. Groaning, John guides his fingers deeper until they drift over Sherlock's entrance, teasingly he applies more pressure and the very tip of his soapy finger glides in. Sherlock nips at his neck more firmly, breath coming in short huffs against John's skin, raising goosebumps even in the warmth of the shower. John moves his finger gently in and out, never any deeper, groaning louder as he feels Sherlock trembling against him. Without removing his finger, John sinks to his knees, mindless of the water falling over his face. He trails swift kisses over Sherlock's abdomen before slowing at Sherlock's hips, pressing lingering kisses into the dip of Sherlock's belly-button before easing further down. Sherlock's penis nudges against his chin and they both tremble in anticipation, John's mouth is watering at just the thought of having Sherlock in his mouth. His lips part and he dips his tongue lightly against the slit, Sherlock's taste blooms over John's tongue and he moans deeply, his free hand coming up to steady Sherlock's cock.
He pulls John in to a kiss, dipping at the knees slightly to deepen the kiss.  Sherlock loves the way John kisses, he pours his whole soul into the action, lips and tongue delivering messages of love, lust and adoration.  He kisses down John's neck, mumbling words of love into the hot skin before suddenly moving away.  John starts to make a noise of protest but laughs when he is being pulled into the bathroom.
"It was like listening to something pure and hopeful, yet somehow sensuous and full of longing.  It made me want to listen forever." John's words were softly spoken, private, meant only for them. The quietness pullled Sherlock from his musings far more effectively than any shout.
“Which, John? Be specific.” Sherlock presses the length of his body against John’s and John can feel the way that Sherlock’s heart races too, can feel the firm press of Sherlock’s penis against him.
“Just because I don't wear my heart on my sleeve, like some people I could mention, it doesn't mean I don't have one.”
"And a good morning to you, too, Sherlock." John doesn't even try to keep the silly grin off his face; if possible it only widens when the same happiness is reflected on Sherlock's. His youthful face, always the dichotomy, is wreathed in laughter lines and wrinkles as he smiles down at John, his eyes sparkling as they study him. Obviously satisfied with whatever it is he sees, Sherlock gently kisses John on the end of his nose, eliciting a shocked boyish giggle in response.
"He's useless at reading my emotions, yeah, but he knows he's my best friend. Well he does now.  Can't believe he didn't know that." Mary could see the distant look in John's eyes, the fondness that was apparent whenever he thought of Sherlock. She knew that she was doing the right thing.  No matter how hard it felt in the short term, she knew that what she was about to say would change everyone's lives forever.
“Everything is fine, more than fine.”  John rushes to reassure him. “My boyfriend here is a little obsessed with bees  -“
Early evening found John and Sherlock sitting on the floor by a roaring fire, sharing a Chinese take away.
Sherlock wakes very early the next morning.  Although the room has no windows or clock he can now estimate the time by the sounds and smells drifting down the corridor from the nurses' station. The noise of a muted radio and the smell of strong coffee would indicate that it is before six, meaning that he will need to be patient for at least another three hours when a doctor will come on duty to sign him out.
Eventually the kisses become shallower, less all encompassing until finally little pauses start to appear between each kiss.
"Well of course I am! I'm trying not to step on your feet!" John's face was now showing a look of complete bewilderment. Sherlock always thought of it as John's 'Can Sherlock really be that dense?' look.
“I’m afraid I have very little information for you.”  Mycroft shifts his weight until he is leaning lightly on his umbrella, removing his hand from Sherlock’s shoulder and resting it, overlapping the other, on the handle.  His outward appearance is suggestive of detachment but the way his hands periodically clench is a tell of emotional disquiet that Sherlock has been able to recognise for many years.  “John remained in a deep, apparently restful sleep until approximately thirty minutes ago.  He then appeared to stretch before going stiff, this was followed by a series of convulsions.”
"God, I'm getting all maudlin. Time for bed I think.  I don't think we've ever talked that much before .... But it was good, something we needed to do." John rose slowly from his chair, the fingers of his left hand moving restlessly.  "Night, Sherlock. You will still be here tomorrow won't you?"  Finally, John turned to look at Sherlock again, his face unsure.
“God.  I’m sorry, Sherlock, I think I need to sleep again.  I’m bloody awful company.”  John doesn't want to fall back into a world where he can’t recognise what is real and what is not but exhaustion licks once again at him, pulling him once more into its grasp.
"Not stupid, John. Never stupid." Sherlock's words are starting to slur and he curses himself for being so reliant on the medication. "The two of us....." The gaps between blinking are getting fewer and fewer and he is struggling to keep his eyes open. "Against the rest of the ......" Sherlock's words trail off as he finally succumbs to sleep. He does not feel John raise their clasped hands to his lips, or the way that strong lips brush carefully over his hand, each fingertip adorned with a kiss, nor does he hear John utter the last word of his sentence. He has drifted back into the world of dreams where his Watson awaits him.
“I have every faith you will work it out, you’ll see what this weekend is all about.” He pats Sherlock’s hand.  “Now, choose your main course, I’m hungry.”  John looks at his menu again but allows his hand to stay over Sherlock’s.
She wasn't a fool.  She had realised that when she first met John, he was in deep mourning.  She had initially presumed that it was for a wife or family member and had been surprised to find it had only been a friend, a flatmate; one that had died almost eighteen months earlier....
Magnussen crosses the short distance between the beds and admires Sherlock’s sleeping form, lamenting the loss of Sherlock from his ‘collection’.
The silence between them is heavy with accusations unsaid, each person aware that now is neither the time nor place for confrontations.  Eyeing the plain white door to John’s room Sherlock heads towards it, uncomfortably aware of a grudging Mary at his heels.  The sound of evenly paced, purposeful footsteps heading in their direction halts their progress.  As one, he and Mary turn to watch the person as he approaches, his walk unhurried; indicative of someone under no time constraints, therefore not a nurse, a surgeon.  John’s surgeon, in fact.
Sherlock feels John tremble against him and reluctantly removes his mouth, guiding John down on to the floor with him. They lean against one other, each panting and savouring the sensation. As their hearts slow John gathers Sherlock to him, drawing him into a gentle kiss.
It occurs to Sherlock that he should feel insulted by John speaking for him but he can’t help feeling reassured by John’s vow, it is further evidence of John’s intention to stay by his side.
“I have always believed you to be dangerous, Mary. I tried to ignore the evidence in front of me, to convince myself that I’d read you wrong, it does happen, more than I’d like to admit.  I wanted to believe that you would be good for John, that you offered him that mix of danger and security he craved, that you truly loved him.” Sherlock manages to work some spittle into his mouth, allowing his words to come out more smoothly, a hint of bitterness tainting them.
Sherlock remains looking at John throughout his explanation, willing his words to make sense to John.
“Are you sure you’re okay with this?” John queries, stepping closer to Sherlock, his thumb rubbing distracting circles on the back of Sherlock’s hand. “Because if you’re not, we can tell Mycroft to shove it.”
"Umm, right, " John stammers, rubbing a hand over the back of his neck. Suddenly, he remembers that he's allowed this now, he's allowed to flirt with Sherlock, to tease and tempt. "Maybe I can be for dessert?"
"As much as I want to keep doing this forever, you need to sleep." The words are breathed against Sherlock's scalp but John knows he has been heard when Sherlock sighs and slowly exerts a gentle pressure on John's hips, encouraging him to slide off his lap.
"What makes Mycroft think I will do what?" Lestrade's cheerful voice echoes around the room. He looks slightly dishevelled, indicating a long day at work, but his face displays genuine happiness at seeing Sherlock awake and talking. His intelligent gaze quickly takes in Sherlock and John's posture and joined hands. His grin grows wider. "So, what am I needed for?"
"I don't know what I'm allowed to say, John.  I'm not good at empty platitudes and I promised I wouldn't lie to you but I'm afraid I'll hurt your feelings if I tell you how I'm actually feeling."  The deep furrow at the bridge of Sherlock's nose even more pronounced than usual, one hand is wrapped around his mug, his fingers white under the tension whilst the other hand skitters over the arm rest.
He wraps his arm over John’s shoulder, pulling him in closer, with a little squirming they manage to ease the slightly stained sheet over them.
“Nope.”  He yawns again before standing, brushing his trousers down to dislodge the loose blades of grass clinging to them.  “Despite looking, and napping, like an old man, I’m not quite there yet.”
Sherlock's lips twitched before he answered and John was sure he was swallowing a smile. "You already have John.  I am a lot closer to a resolution now, but, as much as it pains me to say it, patience is the key here. Only time will truly tell."
John had taken a relatively straightforward gunshot wound to his right upper arm, the bullet had passed clean through flesh and muscles, clipping the bone during its passage.
"Really, you should be thanking your brother. He pulled all the right strings to get you here and enable me to stay here. He has also posted guards outside the building, and I suspect not all the health care workers here are only that." John's face darkens when he realises how close to home that statement is. It's obvious that he is wondering how often Mary used her medical training as a way to infiltrate hospitals to complete one of her hits as an assassin.
“It’s a straightforward procedure with minimal risk.” Mr Rajkoomar reassures. “Problems are extremely uncommon but can include further bleeding on the brain, infection of the wound or skull flap, deep vein thrombosis, seizures or stroke.” He pauses, allowing Sherlock time to absorb the information.  “Let me reassure you that Doctor Watson is under the very best of care with twenty-four hour nursing and observation by highly skilled individuals.  He is sedated and on a ventilator, this will be the case for the next twenty-four hours.  The purpose of this is to regulate his breathing and ensure his brain is well-supplied with oxygen thus reducing the risk of further possible damage to the brain while it recovers.”
Raising himself from the chair, John walked over to the window, allowing his hand to trail the soft leather of Sherlock's chair as he passed.  Looking out onto Baker Street he took pleasure in savouring the autumn evening.  It was unusually quiet outside, the blustery wind and threat of rain driving everyone indoors early.  He leaned one arm against the window pane and watched as the leaves chased each other down the street.  A riot of red, gold and amber tumbling down the dusk-kissed street - the perfect evening for a wood fire, a good book and warm drink.  Resting a moment longer against the window, John reflected that the only thing needed to make this evening perfect would be Sherlock.  Sitting in his chair deducing the world; standing playing his violin, the light from the window emphasising his sensuous grace; staring transfixed at his crime wall.  Hell, John would be happy even if Sherlock were throwing an enormous tantrum, his ennui finally driving him to distraction, throwing himself onto the sofa for a sulk, so long as he could have him home.
Sherlock spends long minutes lavishing attention on John, gradually working his way further down his length until he has his nose pressed against crisp, honey-blonde hair.
Sherlock was silent so long, blinking rapidly, that John was forcibly reminded of the time he'd asked him to be Best Man. Realising that Sherlock needed time to process the new information, John stood quietly and waited.  Unfortunately, the lengthening amount of time made John's stomach clench with anxiety.  Perhaps he shouldn't have just moved in? Perhaps he should have waited to ask Sherlock if he wanted this?  Wanted John back every day in his life? Just as the knot of panic began to weave throughout the fabric of John's being, he noticed a flicker of movement from Sherlock.  He watched as Sherlock's gaze travelled around the room, briefly resting on John's mug on the table, John's laptop open on the desk and the discrete pile of medical journals by John's chair, before finally settling on John himself. John held his hands tight behind his back, carefully keeping his face blank, trying not to pressurise Sherlock into a decision.  All the while knowing that the rest of his life relied on this moment, on Sherlock deciding whether John could stay.
Sherlock turned away again, John knew that Sherlock was trying to end the conversation and he was having none of it. It was more than a night of missed sleep that caused Sherlock to look that way, he had looked well when he had left yesterday. Now his face was drawn and wan, his cheekbones even more pronounced than usual, his lips looked pale and pinched, the lower one sore from constant biting. John had not been able to see his eyes but he was willing to bet that they would be empty and glazed. Shit.  What had Sherlock done? Taken? What had caused Sherlock to collapse so completely in on himself in the course of just one night?
“Yeah.  I’ll do the same once you’ve finished.”   John scratches at his stomach, grimacing slightly.  “This stuff gets itchy far too quickly.”  He stretches, glancing at the wardrobe.  “Might as well start getting ready for our night out.”
Mixed in with the scent of John had been the scent of Claire-de-la-Lune.  He had been forcibly reminded of Mary and had staggered back, holding John away from himself.  He had seen the rush of emotions on John's face; desire, hunger, confusion and hurt. All he had been able to do was mouth the word 'Mary' and John had realised, stepped away and dropped his hands from Sherlock's body as if they were on fire. John's following words were seared into his mind, needing to be deleted but never would be, Sherlock would never delete anything about John.
"Yes, actually, now that you mention it, it was." Shock shows clearly on Anderson's face as he registers the strange coincidence. "I'd been down the pub with Greg and I'd noticed a pattern on the map which seemed to indicate that whoever was solving the crimes were making their way, albeit slowly, back to Britain. Of course, I told Greg but he thought it was just another of my 'crackpot' ideas and brushed my claims away. Didn't even listen to me properly." He takes a gulp of his nearly cold tea, licking at his chapped lips before continuing.  "I showed the map and explained my findings to The Empty Hearse that night..."
Moving further down Sherlock's body, John teasingly rubs his bare abdomen over Sherlock's covered cock, feeling the slightly damp material against his skin. Sherlock's breath hitches as John takes one of his nipples into his mouth, sucking gently through the thin cotton until the flesh beneath forms a firm nub. John skims his hands over Sherlock's sides, finally slipping his hands beneath the soft fabric of Sherlock's t-shirt. He eases it up over Sherlock's trim stomach, slowly stripping it from Sherlock's body, taking the utmost care not to jostle him. Sherlock's body rocks up to meet John's, chasing the sensation of friction against his cock. John kisses and sucks at Sherlock's now-bare nipple before switching sides, fingers gently rubbing over the saliva-wet nub. Sherlock clutches at the sheet beneath him, back arching and breath coming in pants. His reactions to John are increasing John's own arousal, his cock throbbing within the restrictive confines of his boxer shorts. John thinks his destination must be obvious to Sherlock by now but still keeps his movements slow, deliberately teasing. The ultimate prize may be Sherlock coming to completion in his mouth but the road to winning is deliciously enjoyable too. John kisses around the edge of Sherlock's bandage, keeping the pressure light before gently dropping a kiss over the bandage. A gasped 'John,' is acknowledgement enough that Sherlock caught the movement and the sentiment behind it.
Sherlock and John eat in silence, Sherlock barely picking at his meal. He shoves the potatoes around his plate a bit more before finally putting his fork down and pushing away the sliding table.
"Sherlock, what the hell are you talking about? The blogging bloody bridegroom! What sort of nonsense is that?" John's voice was stern but he had a suspicion where this conversation was going, Sherlock was going to mention the arrangements for his stag night!
John can see from the expressions that cross Sherlock’s face that he is uninterested in whatever Lady Smallwood has to say.
“Don’t bother with the baby-talk, Doc.  I have medical training and this guy is a ‘genius’.” The implication that Mary doesn’t believe Sherlock to be a genius is obvious and she means to belittle him in the eyes of the neurosurgeon.  Sherlock merely ignores her, rolling his eyes, but Mr Rajkoomar brow furrows, concerned by Mary’s scornful words.  He watches as Sherlock and Mary take a seat, unsurprised by how far apart they sit, before discussing John’s case with them.
"I'm so sorry John." Sherlock's sense of guilt and shame deepened.  He had been so wrapped up in his own sorrows, he had not tried to find out what was happening with John, leaving him alone when his support had been most needed.
John sits wrapped in his shock and Sherlock is unwilling to break the fragile hold that John has on his emotions; Magnussen simply soaks in the unpleasant atmosphere.
“Shower?”  John suggests, head tilting towards it, his hands already inching towards Sherlock’s deep blue shirt, undoing the buttons when Sherlock nods his agreement, his white teeth resting lightly on his full lower lip, a hint at the unexpected nerves he is feeling.  Sharing a shower feels far more intimate, far more revealing, than what they had just done.
John nudges against his side, briefly squeezing his hand tighter. "Not to me. So come on then, genius, enlighten me." The word 'genius' slips from his lips in much the same way as the words beloved, darling and love may slip from another's.
Dinner is a quiet affair, shy glances are exchanged and feet entangled beneath the table; gentle, light hearted but mostly silent flirting. John is quietly surprised by how much Sherlock eats and keeps tempting him to try bits from his own plate, enjoying the way that Sherlock's lips wrap around the end of the chopsticks and his eyes close as the flavour hits his tongue. His own appetite is stronger than it has been in a while and he knows it's because he is sharing the whole experience with Sherlock, back where he belongs. The wine indeed adds to the celebratory atmosphere and somehow it feels like tonight is the real start to the rest of their life together and despite the rising tension between them and their acknowledged eagerness to be sexually intimate, neither man is rushing this moment.
John's gaze followed him as Sherlock drifted over to his chair, gently placing his violin in its rest.  Sherlock's hands seemed to linger over the strings longer than usual, his long fingers caressing the smooth wooden body. A wistful smile graced John's features as he wondered, not for the first time, at the ridiculousness of being jealous of a violin. To be loved like that, to be held as if you were precious, to be caressed by those long fingers and their gentle strength, to be played so exquisitely that your voice soared to the heavens in response. Composing his face again he realised that maybe it wasn't such a ridiculous jealousy after all.
“We can share an appetiser between us, if you want.  Neither of us are big eaters, and I know you’ll want to stay alert.”  John suggests, looking hopeful.
Next he envisages what a child of John’s - and Mary, although he barely lets that thought register - may look like. He struggles to picture a newborn but is able to clearly envisage a baby right on the cusp of toddlerhood. A child with blonde hair that is showing a suggestion of curls, dark blue eyes so much like their father’s and a snub nose that wrinkles up when they giggle. For some reason the only child he can form a picture of is female; a little girl with wayward hair, sparkling eyes and a ready smile, chubby hands reaching out for balance as she pulls herself upright using his chair for leverage and support.
Sherlock hears the sharp gasp of pleasure and surprise, notices how John's eyes fill with tears of joy and he kisses John again, turning the gasp into a moan.  Slowly, he traces the outline of John's mouth with his tongue before gently deepening the kiss once again, one hand cupping John's cheek, the other firm at the nape of his neck.  Their bodies now move together, dancing once more.
She returns to the kitchen and prepares a plate of mince pies and waits for the noise from upstairs to quieten.  When it has been silent for over twenty minutes she walks silently upstairs with her ‘gift’, she places it in the exact place she knows that Mrs Hudson tends to leave her baked goods and then gives in to temptation. Mary eases the bedroom door open and wrinkles her nose at the stink of stale air and sex that hits her but refuses to take her gaze from the bed and the semi-naked forms of the men who rest there.  The thin sheet that covers them is crinkled and stained but neither John nor Sherlock appear concerned, they rest peacefully in each others’ arms.  She notes, coldly, that John has no problem being cuddled up to when it is Sherlock he is with, he had always hated that level of intimacy with her, claiming it made him feel caged in.  A slow smile drifts over her lips as she allows herself to think of all the things she can inflict on John that would show him what ‘caged in’ meant; but first she needs to get Sherlock out of the picture.  She was getting paid extremely well for killing Sherlock but she hasn't been told to make it quick, something she was thankful for, she intends to make Sherlock suffer for taking something that belonged to her, even if it was something she had never particularly wanted in the first place.
“I’m going to Auntie Molly’s tonight and I’m going to teach her new kitten all the songs.”  Rosie declares as she slides off the sofa and begins to gather some toys together.
"Whatever you say dear." Mrs Hudson stands and smooths the crinkles out of her dress. "You can rely on me. I'm going to leave you in peace now; be sure to let me know when you want your tea. I've got some lovely fresh bread and ham downstairs, I'll make you some ham and tomato sandwiches and I'll pop out and get some of those crisps you like too, Sherlock, dear." With a final primp of her skirt and the gentle click of her shoes she disappears back downstairs to her flat.
“That sounds … acceptable.” Sherlock sends John a deliberately flirtatious look in keeping with their role as loving boyfriends and is intrigued by John’s reaction - a slow lick to his lower lip and slightly dilated pupils.  “After all, isn’t that what boyfriends do? Feed you up?”
In dreams, both before and after his hospitalisation, John has imagined Sherlock teaching the child to walk and talk, do their shoelaces and conduct investigations; this seems to be much closer to what John wants Sherlock to be to his child.
“Mr Holmes, your wound may be healing well externally but I am concerned that you are overdoing things.”
He makes the short journey and rings the bell, keeping his eye on John, relieved beyond measure when Gethin comes through the door, another nurse at his shoulder.
I really hope you continue enjoying the story, the feedback has been lovely and I must admit I check on kudos, etc, rather too often!
“I know.  Logically, I know that.  It’s just…. “ He sighs and runs a hand through his hair before pinching the bridge of his nose.  “It’s just I was such a crap father after Mary died.  I left her with anyone who would take her, almost every night, and all I did was feel sorry for myself and blame the world for my problems, and I did all that from the bottom of a whiskey glass.”
He adopts the natural dance position for the slow paced song that is now playing, his hand resting gently on John’s waist whilst John’s hand is on his shoulder, their other hands are joined and held slightly up and away from them.
Sherlock manages to shake his head and pat the bed, wordlessly signalling that John should stop fussing now and just come to bed. John laughs lightly before sliding into bed next to Sherlock. His bare skin is cold against Sherlock's and Sherlock instinctively jerks away. "Sorry, I got a bit chilled wandering about. Here, I'll just move away until I warm up a bit." His wriggling is halted when Sherlock throws out an arm and lets it settle heavily over John's chest, moments later a long leg is resting over John's thighs and John's chin is being tickled by a head full of wild, slightly damp, curls. "Or I could just stay here." John smiles into Sherlock's hair and brings up his arms to wrap around Sherlock.
“Can’t you say anything original?”  Opening his eyes he can see the nurse from the previous day waiting just inside the door with a wheelchair.  Was it the previous day? Sherlock muses, the days are all blending into one.
Their journey back to Sherlock’s room is punctuated only by the occasional shrill squeak of the wheel on his drip-stand as it is dragged along beside them.
"Hello John? Hello John?   You vanished into thin air for two months and that's all you can think of to say? Hello bloody John!" Sherlock could see anger and betrayal clear on John's face and barely had a moment to register the fist moving towards his face before it made contact with his cheekbone. The shock and impact of the punch felled Sherlock.  Realising the wisdom of the matter, he stayed low on the ground and bit back the first remarks that came to him, one hand held up in front of him, his palm facing outwards.
I apologise to any firefly experts out there, I did thoroughly research them, and then played with my findings for the purpose of this story! I've tried to keep it all as feasible as possible!
Accepting the towel that John is offering him Sherlock steps out of the bath with seemingly effortless grace before wrapping the towel casually around his hips. It is only when John observes that the inside of his mouth is dry
quick and erratic but most telling is how erect his penis is and has been ever since John first grabbed his backside in the corridor.
“Oh, I don’t know that, you silly man.  I know they wanted a job done and that they’d pay well for the privilege. I
John wakes suddenly, immediately lurching to sit upright. Damp sheets pool around his waist and his heart is making a dedicated effort to escape his chest. Gasping, John leans over his lap, clutching at his soaked t-shirt. He squeezes his eyes shut, desperately trying to rid himself of the lingering dream images; Sherlock broken and bleeding on a London pavement; Sherlock bleeding to death on an office floor; Sherlock flat-lining on an operating table; Sherlock collapsing on the floor of their home, bullet wound re-opened; Sherlock; Sherlock; Sherlock...
"Congratulations? What for? What the bloody hell are you talking about?" John's brows were furrowed in confusion.  Quickly tracking his eyes all over John, Sherlock could tell that John was genuinely confused and more than slightly concerned.  "Did you hit your head on the floor?"
“John?” Sherlock leans closer, his gaze fixed upon John’s mouth. At first he believes it is just the play of light over John’s pale skin but, with bated breath, he continues to observe. John lips move again, the difference is minuscule but enough to convince Sherlock that John is trying to wake up.
My huge thanks goes to all my lovely readers, my wonderful commenters and to the fabulous Tad for giving me the opportunity to write such a fun story!
John reaches for one of the pastry forks and uses the edge to break off a small part of the Apfelstrudel; the pastry flakes easily and the apple appears rich and moist. Slowly, John brings the fork to his mouth, maintaining eye contact with Sherlock throughout. As the pastry brushes against his lips John allows his eyelids to flutter slightly and is gratified to see the action mirrored by Sherlock. The first taste causes his mouth to water and he closes his lips, sliding the tines against his lower lip as he withdraws the fork. A small groan escapes him; the colour on Sherlock's cheeks does not escape him - not a flush of embarrassment, but one of arousal.
, come hell or high water. They would grow to be grumpy old men together. That's if Sherlock wanted John with him. If not, he had promised himself that he would find a way to convince Sherlock to keep him close by.
"Well done, buttons.  You have fought bravely and now the battle is almost won.  I salute you."  The words are whispered against the damp skin of Sherlock's heaving abdomen.  Glancing up he doesn't think Sherlock has heard his secret tribute; he seems to be lost in a world of sensation.  Sherlock's arm is thrown up covering his eyes, his lips parted.  Sherlock's colour is high and the fine sheen of sweat is causing his thin shirt to accentuate the lean contours of his muscles.  John's mouth waters at the sight stretched out beneath him.  He has always known Sherlock is a gorgeous man, but seeing him in full sensual abandonment makes John's heart ache at his true beauty.  Slowly he shifts his body so that he is lightly straddling Sherlock's thighs; the movement presses his weight briefly against Sherlock's straining erection, eliciting a gasp that is quickly cut off when Sherlock bites against his lower lip.  John's eyes remain fixed on Sherlock's face as he quickly slips the last few buttons free of their shackles.
The way that he is suddenly dragged along the corridor goes a long way to answering his teasing question and John can't remember the last time he ever felt this genuinely happy in a new relationship, in any relationship, really. There'd always been a missing element, he'd pondered over it on occasion, but now it was obvious what that element had been: Sherlock.
For a moment, he allows himself to imagine what it will be like to be lying in bed next to this man twenty years from now. John's hair will be completely silver but still thick and luxurious, prone to waywardness when overly long. His reading glasses will rest on top of his paperback on their bedside table, little indents from their frames showing on the sides of John's nose. John's chest hair will truly be the silver it is pretending to be now and his skin will be criss-crossed with the signs of ageing. His chin may well be more rounded and less firm but no less able to take on a stubborn slant. The idea of still being with John in twenty years, thirty years - more, if possible - fills Sherlock with an equal mix of fear and contentment. Fear because he knows that losing John will be the hardest thing he will ever have to do and at some point he will lose him, either through his own death or by John's. Contentment because he finally has everything he never knew, or more truthfully - never admitted - he needed.
John felt a little bubble of pleasure and pride in his chest. The music was beautiful; he was dancing with his best friend and earning the rarest of things - compliments!
His gaze wanders over John's arm, observing how, even at rest, there is grace and strength in John's musculature. Sherlock shifts position so that he can take hold of John's relaxed hand. Carefully, he turns it over so that he can observe the palm. Small scars mar the surface but add to the character of the man. John's fingers are short but proportional to the rest of him. There are no womanly or childlike features to John. The glint of metal shines bright on John's finger, the cold metal of his wedding ring a harsh reminder to Sherlock that John is not yet truly free. Sherlock trails one long finger over John's palm and the action soothes the gathering tension from him, Sherlock registers once again how soft John's skin is. Slowly he lifts John's hand to his face and inhales deeply. The scent is redolent of the tones of Royal Jelly and Bergamot. It tells the story of John's routine before retiring to bed. Royal Jelly from the hand cream that John uses diligently to keep his hands in top condition and to counteract the harsh drying effects of the alcohol wash he uses between patients at the surgery and when encountering any of Sherlock's experiments. Habit means that he keeps using the hand cream at night. The bergamot is from the tea he made before bed, the steam seeping from the cup, tainting the pores of his skin. To Sherlock these scents mean home and conjure up visions of bees buzzing lazily in the setting sun as two old - occasionally cantankerous - men sip their evening tea and talk about cases, past and present.
Mrs Hudson sighs and eases herself out of her comfy armchair. Her hip is aching and she’d hoped for some quiet time in front of the TV  before bed but the laughter and splashing coming from upstairs is enough to bring a blush to even her worldly cheeks.  She is thrilled that her stupid boys are finally seeing each other clearly but she really doesn’t need to hear every step forward in their relationship; their very loving and active relationship if the change in sounds is anything to go by. Mrs Hudson ensconces herself in her little kitchen and reaches for her radio, the first channel is  classical music, she usually uses it to soothe her to sleep, but no - not tonight, she shakes her head ruefully as a load groan followed by what she knows to be an aroused chuckle filters down, she needs something loud. She finally settles on something with a thudding, heavy beat and, deciding that peace and quiet will be absent guests this evening, pulls one of her favourite cooking books off its small shelf and grabs her mixing bowl from under the sink.  From the sounds of activity coming from upstairs she thinks that her boys will benefit from a sugar-loaded snack in a few hours time.  She flips through the glossy pages of her recipe book and hums along to the music blaring out of the radio, eyes flicking at each photo of gloriously decadent desserts before finally deciding that they all seem just a bit too ‘fussy’.  After a little bit of scrabbling through various bits of paper Mrs Hudson retrieves a simple sheet of lined paper that is covered in beautiful, old fashioned cursive writing.  It’s an old family favourite, a recipe for mince pies written out by her mother and given to Mrs Hudson as a wedding gift to ‘help keep her husband happy.’  A wry smile crosses Mrs Hudson’s gently wrinkled face as she allows herself to think of her husband and their marriage during better times.  They’d not known each other for very long but the chemistry between them had been instant and living in a time when sex outside of marriage was frowned upon a wedding was the obvious next step in their romance, especially when she had thought she was expecting. Mrs Hudson unconsciously pats her slim stomach, no baby had ever lasted long inside her, she simply hadn't been destined to have children that were genetically her own.  With a deep sigh she breathes out her fleeting sadness and thinks of her ‘sons’ that are finally getting their own lives together.  They’ve brought her as much happiness and worry as sons of her own blood could ever have done and she loves them with a protective force that still sometimes takes her by surprise.
John eventually succumbs to his exhaustion, falling asleep against Sherlock, still wrapped in his comforting embrace.
His last day in hospital is quite possibly the longest day of Sherlock's life, with the possible exception of John's wedding.  Each minute has felt like an hour, each hour like a week.  He starts wishing that night and sleep would come quickly if only so that, when he awoke, it would be that much closer to being released to go home.  Sherlock is tempted to discharge himself early but knows that John wouldn't allow him to and the resultant sulk, from both of them, wouldn't be worth the few extra hours he would get at home.
“Gethin.”  He watches as Sherlock walks towards him, steadying the wheelchair as he sits down.  “I’ve been assigned to you, bit unusual that, but I suspect your ‘I’m the British Government’ relative had something to do with that.”
Sherlock looks over to his brother. “Mycroft, don't let the ‘game’ take over your life, you could lose the only thing that truly makes life worthwhile.”
Sherlock tries to arrange his limbs so that they are more comfortable and to relieve the pain in his forearm but on moving he becomes aware that he is tied securely to a chair.  A brief investigation with his fingertips and a study of the shape he is being forced into indicates an upright chair made from metal of some kind, any cushions that may have provided even minimal comfort have long been removed. His hands are forced behind his back and secured together with what feels to be plastic covered wire, it cuts into his wrists and he can feel the stickiness of drying blood between his palms. Sherlock concludes the pain in his forearm is either from a strain or a break, he moves slightly to test his limitations and almost vomits from the sudden flare of pain: almost certainly a break.  Sherlock closes his eyes and works on compartmentalising the pain; he will push it aside and deal with it at a later, more suitable, opportunity.  The pain starts to ebb and he is able to concentrate on how his legs are positioned. They are spread wide and his ankles have been tied with the same plastic covered wire to the rear chair legs, pulling his thighs down at an awkward angle.  Any efforts to escape will tip Sherlock straight on to his face on the concrete, causing him mild concussion at the minimum and he’d still be tied to the bloody chair for his troubles.  The final thing that registers is that he is still in the same naked state he had been when Mary had taken him.  The air in the warehouse is several degrees colder than the autumn air outside, bordering on frigid; depending on how long he remains in the warehouse hypothermia is as much of a danger to him as anything that the currently absent Mary may inflict.
John glances over at Sherlock, meaning to thank him for his help but his brain does a mental stumble at the sight before him; he’d almost forgotten quite how gorgeous a bare chested Sherlock was.
"Is this where I should ask whether you want to talk about it?" John can hear the hesitation in Sherlock's tones, knows how hard it is for Sherlock to even ask the question and for the first time, in a long time, John finds he wants to confide totally in Sherlock.
Sherlock colours, in turn, his hand flexing in John's. Meeting John's avid gaze through half-lowered lashes, Sherlock allows all his desire to show through, gratified by the sight of John's rapidly dilating pupils. "I look forward to it."
"Are these absolutely necessary John?" Sherlock knew his words were sharp, a feeble attempt to disguise his embarrassment.
Early evening finds Sherlock dozing on the sofa and John dozing in his chair in front of the telly, the sound a distant mumble.  The sound of Mrs Hudson talking unusually loudly whilst walking up the stairs startles them both fully awake.
John was wrenched from his blissful sleep by a loud thud and his name being shouted.   Without a second thought, John tore off his bed sheets and ran towards the voice. Sherlock's voice.  His name was being called out in a tone filled with such anguish and despair that John felt physically sick, bile flooding his throat.  John's heart was pounding with fear; what could be causing Sherlock to cry out in such a way? He entered Sherlock's room still at a run, not slowing until he was at Sherlock's bedside, his eyes locked on the writhing bundle of flesh and sheets on the floor. The source of the thud was immediately apparent; Sherlock had fallen from his bed whilst locked in the throes of a nightmare. The anguished cries started again and John was able to discern his name intermingled with 'God, no!' and 'Please, not him!"
John allowed Sherlock's finger to slip entirely from his mouth, wrenching a moan from Sherlock; the loss of intimate warmth too much to cope with.
“I see no problem in telling you, after all it’s very unlikely that you’re carrying a wire on you, unless they’ve got
Sherlock accepts the offered help to get on to the bed, sighing in relief at the sensation of the soft mattress against his limbs after hours spent on a hard chair.
"It could be someone else's scan, John. It might not be Mary's scan that we are looking at." Sherlock tries to reason but his voice sounds flat, his face carefully blank.
Reassured that Mycroft will keep a sharp eye on both Mary and John, Sherlock allows himself to be lead from the room and along the corridor to his own room.  The flowers from his original stay still remain but they are starting to wilt and droop, betraying the passing of time.  Time that Sherlock devoutly wishes he could turn back, back to before John got hurt.  He muses that if he could truly turn back time he would rewind it right back to when he sacrificed himself for his friends; he would find a way to let John know he was safe, to trust John not to betray that information and to continue to keep Lestrade and Mrs Hudson out of danger. It’s an idle thought that he doesn't allow to linger for long, that way heartache lies.
My undying gratitude goes to my beta, Lockedinjohnlock, for not allowing me to have a weak or twee ending to this! Also for always being on the other end of messenger despite there being many time-zones separating us!
"Damn! Yes, I, er, thought I'd best try it out. Don't want you showing me up do we?" John grinned up at Sherlock, the delight in his eyes contagious.
"And instead of welcoming you back with open arms, I greeted you with clenched fists.  Jesus, Sherlock, why didn't you say something? Put up a fight?  You must have still had open wounds, deep bruising and yet you let me attack you!" John could feel the bile rising into his mouth and had to fight hard not to be sick, guilt and anger washing over him in equal measure.
Sherlock is the ‘Mr Holmes’ that is being referred to, the realisation makes him physically start and he can see Sherlock move instinctively towards him.
"I'll send a car to convey you both back to Baker Street tomorrow: notify me when you need it."  With another brisk nod, Mycroft leaves John and Sherlock to their own devices.
John gasps when Sherlock sweeps down and kisses the shaft of John's cock, breathing deep of the scent of him.  He moves when John clutches at his hair, encouraging him to move away.  John pants, battling with letting Sherlock continue despite not knowing if he definitely has a clean bill of health, and doing the right thing and putting a stop to it.  Reason wins.
Easing Sherlock carefully back onto the bed until he is lying flat, John chases his lips for a kiss. He lies parallel to Sherlock, his body flush against the long length of Sherlock's side. Leaning over, he rests his weight on his elbow and deepens the kiss, tilting Sherlock's chin with his free hand. Warm, full lips open beneath his, encouraging him in with a brief touch of wet tongue against his lower lip. John moans at the teasing touch, chasing the tongue with his own. The vibration of Sherlock's answering moan sweeps through John, igniting his nerves and sending a surge of heat to his groin. John's cock twitches with interest against Sherlock's hip and again, Sherlock moans, pushing up into the kiss and guiding John deeper into it with a firm hand at the back of his head.
"Look after him. He feels more than he lets on.” Molly's voice takes on a hard edge that John has never heard before and he automatically pays attention. “If you hurt him, the last time you will have any contact with me will be when you're under my knife on the autopsy table. The being dead part is not mandatory."
John’s laughter accompanies Sherlock’s short, and somewhat ungainly, walk to the bathroom.  Sherlock happily accepts John’s laughter, knowing he does make a rather ridiculous figure with his stiff, wide legged shuffle.  He smiles to himself; a satisfied, ridiculous figure.
"Er, yeah." John could feel the heat in his cheeks; of course Sherlock would know his work schedule.  "I thought, maybe, we should spend the time practising. Damn glad I came early now! Bloody idiot, letting yourself get into this state!" John knew the gruffness of his words was doing very little to disguise the tenderness he felt for the man sitting in front of him.
"Um. So the first page contains the names of the people who came week after week. People who actively, and regularly, sought out information on Sherlock and participated vocally during the group." Anderson scratches at his scraggly beard before gesturing to the second page, the list is smaller, containing less than ten names. "These are people who came sporadically. If you could give me more information on what you are looking for I could probably narrow the list down further for you." He looks hopefully from John to Sherlock.
"Don't ever do that to me again Sherlock. I don't care what crazy arse excuse you think you have, you are not to do that again." He pauses and Sherlock is sensible enough to realise that this is not a prompt for him to talk, rather a time for John to study Sherlock's reaction to his words so far. Sherlock realises how incredibly rare it is that they are looking directly at each other when talking about difficult things, namely emotions. Determined to show John that he is aware of the import of the moment, he holds John's steady gaze, the urge to look away or make some glib comment viciously suppressed. He owes John this.
"I look forward to it. Although, we won't be at the hotel tonight. I need to book us somewhere to stay closer to the Forest Quarter." A slight warmth of colour is apparent on Sherlock's high cheekbones.
John looked around in amazement, they were precisely where they'd started but he knew they had moved, had felt the muscles in Sherlock's upper body tensing and relaxing as they stepped, had seen Sherlock's feet moving in tandem with his own.
John looks on in wonder as Sherlock becomes totally lost to his bliss, his face open and his lips forming a perfect O before his eyes fall shut.
Sherlock shoves the offered tablet into his mouth, gulps down his tea and rapidly gobbles down two biscuits, glaring at John's laughter. "What did she say?" Sherlock grinds out, every word over enunciated.
Gathering his courage around him, John reaches for Sherlock’s hand, slow enough that Sherlock can refuse if he wishes, and links their fingers together.
“You have no idea.”  Sherlock answers earnestly, pressing another light kiss to John’s lips. “I’ve been wanting to do that for years.”  His voice sounds rough, almost desperate and John’s eyes widen at the depth of emotion that rages through it.
Sherlock nods in response, settling down next to John, his arm along the back of the chair, as the call rings through.  Before long, the cheery face of Mrs. Hudson appears on their screen, perched on her lap and grinning widely is a happy, if somewhat dirty, Rosie Watson.
"I just got a text from Lestrade, a body has been found at the edge of Regent's Park. He's asking us to go and have a look. Coming?"
Sherlock observes that John has obviously made a special effort for tonight; his clothes are all freshly laundered, with the shirt and trousers being newly purchased.  The cut and material of these items indicates that John has spent more on them than usual; therefore, John wants to make a good impression.  John’s hair was cut just before they came away and he has spent time styling it tonight, both making use of hair products (his own, brought from home?) and the hotel’s hairdryer; once again, this points towards John wanting to impress someone.  John’s shoes are his dress shoes, shoes that only make rare appearances at christenings, weddings, funerals, court cases and, before John’s marriage, his important dates.  Sherlock leans in close to John again, using the pretence of imparting a salacious detail or two about one of the waiters, and takes a deep breath; he catches the subtle scent of John’s aftershave.  John rarely bothers with aftershave, preferring to save it for a special occasion; once again, this lends veracity to the fact that John is trying to impress someone.
A deep chuckle follows him as he walks towards the bathroom, its warm tones enhanced with an ardent, 'Yes, John.' that makes the hair on the nape of his neck rise and heat pool in his groin. John makes short work of washing up thoroughly, years of prepping for surgery in difficult conditions coming to the fore. He hesitates for a moment before stripping his own shirt off. Years of chasing after Sherlock have kept him trim, the small amount of weight he put on during his unhappy marriage now long gone. He rubs his hands briefly over his torso, in many ways he looks better now than he has. His muscles are still apparent but softened by a thin layer of flesh, his shoulders are broad and strong, marred only by his scar. His stomach is, perhaps, not as trim as he'd ideally like it to be, but, all in all, he thinks he will pass muster. His eyes drift back to the gunshot wound on his shoulder; it's not the red, inflamed mess it was when he first moved in with Sherlock, but it is still not a pretty sight. Previous partners had avoided touching it if possible, reacting like it was some sort of contagion. He hopes that Sherlock will be able to cope with it; after all, he bears scars of his own now. That thought brings a lump to John's throat and threatens to stamp out the ember of John's desire, viciously he quells it; now is not the time to dwell on the past, he has a future to create.
“Seems like it’s time for breakfast.  Hungry?” John queries, stroking Sherlock’s cheek before tilting his head up.
John watches from the edge of the dance floor as Sherlock dances with Lady Smallwood, his posture and poise are impeccable and he looks like he was born to it.
"Pardon? Who can't?" John's ever-furrowed brow seemed to crinkle even more, his worry at Mary's strange comment apparent.
“Yes, love.”  John smiles, fighting off the inevitable wave of sadness that comes from leaving his little girl, even when he knows she is being left in the very best of hands and will have a wonderful time.
"Power play John.  Do keep up. Pointless, he has loads. Anything else?"  Sherlock  purposefully kept his answers short, forcing John to expand them in his head, to make sense of them. To ask more to fill in the details.
Sherlock’s hands drift to the buttons on John’s jeans and with agonising slowness he slips each one undone.
"Wouldn't dream of it, Doctor." Sherlock drawled as John walked away.  He could hear the laughter in Sherlock's voice, knowing he only acquiesced because it suited him. John really couldn't find it in him to be bothered; Sherlock was healthy, if tired.  Something had lit a spark of happiness inside him, giving him a deep glow and John was now bustling about just like the old days before he had moved away.
I know to give you your space and quiet time; that Rosie does and should always come first, but I’m also very sure of the fact that I can not share you with another romantic or sexual partner.”
For long minutes, the two men lie in a rapidly cooling heap; the floor is cold and uncomfortable but neither man can summon the energy to care. The silence of the room is occasionally broken by the sound of a loving kiss or a happy sigh being breathed into the stillness surrounding them.
Sherlock clenches his fists in the sheets in frustration but is interrupted before he lets forth the diatribe he can feel battling to be released.
"I assure you, Greg." The name from Sherlock's lips still sounds unfamiliar. "That my brother has held 'affections' for you for longer than I have known John." His voice becomes warmer and he looks towards John. "I have not been the only Holmes pining after another."
It is only the sudden worry of getting John’s, miraculously still dry, head wound wet that makes Sherlock even think about turning the shower off.
He pats his hands over the front of his coat in a distracted manner before smiling and thrusting his right hand deep in to his pocket.  His smile broadens in to a grin when he triumphantly pulls a pack of cards out.  They look almost as crumpled as his overcoat but, for once, neither Mycroft or Sherlock deem to comment.  Lestrade lazily stretches before shrugging his coat off, folding it over the end of the bed.  He manoeuvres Sherlock’s table so that it is over the mattress next to Sherlock before sitting back on the bed himself, the table between them.
Sherlock smiles at what a force to be reckoned with Mrs. Hudson is; even after all their years of friendship she still continues to surprise him with her extraordinary capacity to love.  She bustles back in a few minutes later, a smile of accomplishment gracing her features.  She settles back in to her seat, taking time to smooth her skirt over her knees, before starting to speak.
John can't hold back any longer and he pulls Sherlock down, mashing their lips together, the kiss is hard and frantic, the pace of their thrusting picking up to match. One hand clutches Sherlock's arse and his heart pounds at each clench and release of powerful muscles beneath his fingertips; his other hand is wrapped in Sherlock's hair, pulling Sherlock further into the kiss. Sherlock is not resisting in the slightest, his breath comes in sharp huffs against John's cheek and his tongue is probing John's mouth, tracing and tasting, the sensation driving John close to the edge. Just when he thinks that he is at the point of spilling against Sherlock, Sherlock pulls away and stills his hips.
"I did it because it was necessary, John. I left you where you needed to be, with Mary."  Sherlock took a steadying breath before continuing. "I believe congratulations are in order?" Sherlock could feel his heart break a little more even as he tried to smile for John.
Thanks, as always, to my lovely Lockedinjohnlock. I got lots of purple when she beta'd this chapter, purple is for when she particularly loves something!
The week passes in relative quiet and, quite to John’s amazement, Sherlock makes no further protests about attending Mycroft’s soirée or about the lack of interesting cases.   Instead, he spends his time looking at items through his microscope, Rosie secure on his lap as she looks too,
He sucked hard on Sherlock's cock before slowly releasing him. Glancing up he could see how utterly wrecked Sherlock looked. A deep red flush on his face and chest, accentuating his handsome features, his full lips marked with the impression of his teeth. His dark curls, wet with sweat, spread about the pillow, making a sinful halo around his face.
John is still smiling when he sees his costume; dark blue jeans, black leather chaps, deep red shirt, black leather bolo with silver filigree and a large dark tan overcoat all hang on the door of his wardrobe.
“How, John?  Mrs Hudson is an amazing woman but I don't believe she's omnipresent, so how the hell did she know where to go?”  Sherlock queries.  He hates not knowing things, especially things pertaining to him.
I've tried to tag appropriately but I'm new to the darker stuff so please let me know if I've missed something.  As ever, thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy it!
Sherlock is a scientist, first and foremost, and as such understands the need to test a hypothesis.  This weekend - the whole ‘pretending to be a couple,’ could definitely work in his favour; Sherlock decides to study John’s reactions to proximity, to a touch or embrace initiated by Sherlock and, if it seems relevant, a chaste kiss.  Deciding to test his theory, he leans in closer to John.  Resting his hand lightly over John’s he waits until John looks at him; observing the way he swallows, the way his eyes dart momentarily to Sherlock’s lips, before leaning in further.  For a moment Sherlock allows how he feels about John to show on his face before pressing his lips, briefly, to John’s.   He pulls back to study John’s reaction, ignoring his own pounding heart and heated skin.  John looks gratifyingly stunned, before blinking and licking his lips, his gaze once again wandering back Sherlock’s lips.
“I remember going to Magnussen’s office, you proposing to Janine,” John grimaces and Sherlock is left wondering if it is at the idea of Sherlock marrying or the idea of marriage in general. “I remember you rushing off.” He pauses, closing his eyes in an effort to bring the floating images into sharper clarity. When he next speaks, it is in little more than a horrified whisper. “You were shot?”
The memory of a cold winter's night spent in a Cornish bed and breakfast comes to Sherlock's mind.  Most of the guesthouses had been closed for the season and they'd ended up in a cold room with one bed, no heating and mould creeping along the rotting skirting boards. A storm had blown in and they'd lost the light in the room too.  They'd ended up lying close together, sharing body heat and discussing old cases until John had finally drifted off.  Sherlock had remained awake, listening to the sound of the waves crashing on the rocks and savouring the sensation of John's soft exhalations against his skin.  He'd watched the first rays of dawn as they'd made their way through the window touch John's skin and had had to link his fingers together so that he would resist the temptation to follow their path.
He fumbles around for a second, his task more difficult as he refuses to move his focus from John, before evidently finding what he was searching for and closing the drawer with a victorious smirk.
"But it wasn't me!" Sherlock vehemently interrupted, grabbing Mrs Hudson by her thin shoulders and moving to kneel in front of her. The pain in his chest threatened to make him lose control again.
“What job?  Who put you up to this?”  Sherlock’s mind sharpens and focuses on the only relevant sentence in the whole of Mary’s speech.
The images in his mind are in vivid, glorious technicolour. Streams of water had caressed Sherlock's torso, weaving their way along the edges of toned muscles and through a smattering of dark chest hair. The scars that tell the stories of Sherlock's adventures had stood out white against flushed skin - the gunshot wound that had nearly taken him away permanently, the marks from his time in captivity - most now, thankfully, faded to smooth white. Then, there were the numerous scars from chemical burns on his hands and lower arms, testament of his dedication to The Work. Finally, older, smaller scars nestled in the crook of his elbow - marks of times best forgotten. John can picture how the towel had sat low on slim hips, smooth against a flat stomach. The V of toned muscles that had drawn John's eyes lower, to the slight curve that interrupted the smooth line of the towelling, causing his imagination to linger there.
John giggles, leaning his forehead against Sherlock's chest, well away from the wound, unsurprised that Sherlock can say such clichéd lines and still sound sexy as hell. Sherlock’s chuckles join in and he rests his cheek against the top of John's head. The simple intimacy taking his breath away. Sherlock's breathing deepens when he feels the slide of his shirt being untucked from his trousers, the soft glide against his skin making the fine hair on his arms and the nape of his neck rise. John's lips follow the route the shirt takes as it slips from Sherlock’s shoulders, each kiss feather light but the heat against his skin and the deep emotion behind the actions causes Sherlock to shiver in pleasure. His eyes drift shut and he allows himself to bask in the sensation he is feeling, to truly feel the love that they are both exuding. He sighs when John's kisses trace over his chest, biting his lower lip when John draws his nipple into his mouth, trying and failing to hold in a moan. John responds by gently sucking the nipple further in and teasing at it with his teeth, Sherlock gulps, John's touch leads seemingly straight to his cock, which swells and lengthens within the confines of his underwear.
John’s hand glides silkily over Sherlock’s length, Sherlock closes his eyes and allows his head to sag, John’s touch causes him to shudder as bliss rushes over him.
The song has long since ended but John continues to hold Sherlock in his arms, their bodies gently swaying to the music of their heartbeats.  Everything has finally come together for John, finally clicked into place. He knows that so many events in recent years have lead to this moment..... being shot and invalided out of the army, his chance encounter with Mike Stamford, the unlikely coincidence of finding a flatmate as people-wary as himself.  The way that he felt alive again whilst working alongside his enigmatic flatmate.  The exhilaration of the chases.  The calmness of the quiet days.  The way his heart had shattered alongside Sherlock's bones on that fateful day at Barts. And finally, his rage at himself and at Sherlock for two long years of unnecessary mourning. Two long years that gave him time to realise the true depth of his feelings for Sherlock.  All these things made him the man he is today.  A man who finally feels good enough for the beautiful, maddening, brilliant person he now holds in his arms.
“Yes!”  John laughs, his face lighting up, turning towards Sherlock.  “The banker tried to make a run for it, got tripped up by the ballet dancer and face-planted straight in the stagnant fish pond!”  John’s laughter has become an endearing giggle and Sherlock can’t stop himself from joining in.  His deeper laugh mingling melodically with John’s.  “Jesus Christ, that water reeked!”
“Then what aren't you telling me, Sherlock?” Lestrade studies Sherlock’s face, looking for any indication as to what Sherlock may be keeping from him.
"I thought I was the fucking tease!" Groaned John. "Please, oh Jesus Christ Sherlock, please just take me into your mouth!"
"Yeah, maybe one day," John grins, his face soft with sentiment.  "Marriage first," he chuckles.  "I'm a traditionalist, after all."
Sherlock groans deep and heavy and squeezes at John's hands. His body is still too weak to react fully, his erection half hearted at best but his mind is more than willing. His brain is flooded with image after image of the scene that John has so graphically set and it takes many long moments before he is able to catch his breath enough to speak. In the meantime his monitors are bleeping and whirring enough to wake the dead. A nurse pops her head round the door but 'Doctor' Watson waves her away with a simple 'I just gave him some interesting information, he'll calm down soon.'
John is flabbergasted, his mouth hanging slightly open and it takes him a moment to recover the power of speech. "You ....... in your wisdom ........ thought you'd ask our friend ....... to take samples of my blood and ejaculate ..... " John can only get out parts of the sentence, needing to take deep breaths between each segment, embarrassment and anger fighting for dominance. "And what if I don't want to whip my cock out in front of Molly, hmmm?" Anger is winning, his face stretching into what his friends in the army referred to as his 'anger smile'.
Something in his voice draws Mrs. Hudson’s shrewd gaze, her focus flits from John’s face to Sherlock’s face and everything in-between, including the arm now more around John than on his chair.  “So I see!  About time too, I’d almost given up.”  Mrs. Hudson claps her hands together with glee.
"What's wrong?" Sherlock couldn't help worrying that, now John was fully awake, he would feel ashamed of their current situation.
She presses another swift kiss to John's cheek before leaving the flat.  John watches her until she leaves the building, moving to the shadows around the window to watch her progress down the street, fist clenched at his side.
"Lingering on the more erogenous areas." Sherlock takes a deep breath, his nose pressed deep into the thin material of John's boxers.  "Breathing you in."  John grasps onto Sherlock's shoulders and wills his knees not to give out.
That I’m only feeling ‘unsafe’ around her because of some lingering weird shit to do with my head or my meds?”
"Don't be an idiot, for once in your life. All this 'stuff' that he believes he must do to keep me alive, to keep me safe, it's killing him. He's not as strong as he tries to make people believe. He is far from being the unfeeling ice man he allows people to believe. Don't let him lose himself, or lose you, in trying to protect me." Sherlock's words are heartfelt and earnest and Greg is obviously finding it hard to form an appropriate response.
Sherlock would be fluent in the language and John really shouldn't be surprised by these things anymore. John is able to decipher that Sherlock is requesting to see someone but then his very basic understanding falters. The receptionist phones through and before long someone comes to greet them. The man in question immediately walks over to Sherlock and offers his hand. John has to fight to keep the shock off his face when Sherlock is then pulled into a hug; he can see that Sherlock had only frozen briefly before returning the embrace, patting the other man firmly on the back.
Resting his face against Sherlock's shoulder, John's eyes drift closed.  His earlier carnal desire is still there,  banked - a burning ember needing only a breath of oxygen to set it aflame again.  At the gentle press of lips against his hair, John tilts his face up, silently encouraging Sherlock to kiss him again.  Light kisses fall like summer rain on his face and he breathes a sigh of complete contentment. The kisses slow, and then stop, as Sherlock rests his forehead against John's, his deep breaths caressing John's face.
