Dean realised just how closely he had followed in his father’s footsteps. He had aspired to be just like him, after all. To stand just as tall as he did. To be just as strong and fierce and brave. He hadn’t exactly intended to mirror him so entirely, though. At first, he had taken to drink with some caution, weighing his intoxication before it could ever get out of hand. Dean saw the way Sam often flinched at the sound of John’s drunken slurs and recoiled as his father swayed unsteadily on his feet. Dean recognised the fear and distrust that paled into a tired acceptance as he grew older. And he never wanted Sam to look at him that way. Dean never wanted Sam to withdraw from him like he were some frightful beast.
Immediately Cas was struck by how much worse it was outside of the water and he hurried ahead of Dean back to the car, leaving him behind to gather whatever clothes they had left behind. He took no time to even grab his shoes and so he treaded precariously back through the trees and climbed clumsily into the backseat to curl up into a tight ball in hopes of warming himself up.
“Sam’s trusting you,” Dean grumbled, “you better not fuck it up.”
Castiel blushed a deep scarlet and clumsily took off his shoes and tucked his socks neatly into them. He was delaying the inevitable, not because he didn’t want to swim with Dean, but because he did—he was almost afraid of this desire, and wasn’t so sure of his restraint. There was a chance of him staring too long or standing too close, and he believed it wasn’t his place to initiate such things. He moved wherever Dean wanted him, and tried to wait for invitation.
He felt a final euphoric wave that robbed him of breath.
It was chaos. Though Dean realised he probably shouldn’t have expected anything less. It was a world ravaged by war; an Earth devastated by the angels of Heaven and the demons of Hell. He recognised that same grey, desolate wasteland from his first journey beyond the portal, but now the empty landscape was filled with demonic creatures and angels adorned in what Dean could only guess was heavenly armour.
In the confines of his small room, Castiel still felt the burden of the cavernous bunker with all its long and narrow hallways, and the seemingly endless number of rooms, with the ever-looming world just outside. The guilt and shame was suffocating him. He wondered—with some irrational frustration—why, with everything the bunker
The car had died. Cas tried hotwiring it again but the engine simply reverberated in protest. Despite lacking any confidence with the mechanics of a car, Cas knew how to hotwire them. Dean had gone out of his way to teach him once, stating that
There they sat like that for hours: Castiel watching him, his eyes bright with intrigue and untethered curiosity, and Dean hunched in the chair opposite, his hands open in his lap and his eyes downcast and empty—a mournful man. Nothing moved. It remained dead silent, neither of them finding any words to say. Dean didn’t want to talk anymore. Because it was Cas and not Castiel he wished to talk to. He found himself unable to stand; the strength simply wasn’t in him.
As he tried to accept who he was and what he had done, and the impossible future he could never have because of it.
Sam sighed and then tried again. “Look, Cas, I know Dean so well—almost too well. But when it comes to his moods, it can be akin to trying to read him like he’s written in braille. I’m not so familiar with every letter and it sometimes takes time to form a word, let alone a whole sentence. I have to figure him out slowly. And I’ve gotten pretty good at it after all these years. But he isn’t always so clear, and I can only guess what he’s truly trying to say.”
“No. This was acceptable,” Cas said quickly, “I didn’t think it was appropriate to go into your room.”
“Why do you ask?” Castiel said, his brow furrowed.
“The things he said usually did.”
“No, there were. I just…” Cas paused to scratch behind his ear. He was sure the tips of them were tinted pink. “I fell asleep,” he decided. He thought it might be easiest to eliminate what had occurred in the time between putting his sheets in the wash and falling asleep here. The shower. The tapes. The magazine. The blissful moments of untethered sex as he masturbated to thoughts of Dean. And the second shower.
“Says who?” Cas sighed heavily.
“Well, me obviously. Sam likes to act all high and mighty and sophisticated, but I know for a fact that he likes watching
“What do you need to ask me?”
Thinking back, Dean realised that that energy had always surrounded Cas like… well, like a halo, but the years had somehow intensified the angelic power. Like the time they spent together somehow nurtured it and made the sensation grow in strength. Which was strange to Dean, since he’d thought that familiarity would only weaken it, or at least make it easier to ignore; after all, you can get used to anything if you’re around it for long enough.
“So lucky,” Dean grinned, chuffed, but it didn’t quite reach his eyes. Such things didn’t often escape Castiel’s notice anymore. He knew each of Dean's smiles far too well and could see when it was tainted in some kind of quiet sadness. But the reasons behind it still managed to elude him.
Castiel opened his mouth to speak, lip quivering.
“Where are you? An exact location, right now,” Castiel was direct and to the point.
Cas stepped forward until their toes were almost touching and his chest was dangerously close to Dean’s. There was only a few inches difference in their heights and so, were he brave enough, Cas could easily lean forward that little bit more and kiss him. In fact, his lips were already hovering precariously close to Dean’s, and, curiously, Dean wasn’t retreating.
“We both
. He felt it for so long but never believed that love—real love—was in him. Until now. Now he couldn’t begin to fathom how he hadn’t believed it all along.
“Exactly. It was nothing.”
“As I said, he can’t just zap away.”
Dean paused. “What do you want?”
,” he clarified.
“Maybe. Weirder things have happened,” Sam answered, ignoring Dean. He pulled up a second chair beside the bed. Even sitting down he was a hulking mass next to his closer-to-average sized brother. His long legs made the chair appear a size or two too small.
“But he’s an extremely powerful and malevolent force, now with an entire hoard of demons and monstrous creatures at his beck and call,” Cas interrupted, seething. “After Michael defeated Lucifer, the world fell into chaos, with his creation fighting in his name. This battle has been raging ever since… but we
“I’ll hold you to that,” Dean promised.
“You’re hopeless,” Dean teased, purposely mocking him as he finally joined him and sat down in the backseat; barely finding room with Castiel taking up most of the space. “Scoot over a bit would you?”
A small part of him found it funny and his mouth twitched into the minutest hint of a smile, but the bigger part of him was still hung up on the rude awakening that he hadn’t wanted or needed, and so he didn’t give Dean the benefit of a response. But when he tried to think about something else, only one thing came to mind. Though he had fallen asleep without his usual self-loathing first, his dreams had still been flooded with nightmares that had kept him tossing and turning throughout the night; the only evidence of his restlessness being the state of his blankets and sheets the next day.
Cas was a memory Dean looked back on mournfully, but also with love. He couldn’t allow his own regrets to keep him trapped in the clutches of grief. He couldn’t bear it any longer. And he knew Cas would have wanted more for him. Cas hadn’t lost his life just for Dean to take it in vain. He would be outraged if only he could see him now. Devastated to watch Dean tear himself apart; unable to intervene. Cas couldn’t save him now. Dean had to save himself.
Sam had one in a headlock with the demon knife lost somewhere at his feet. His face was concealed by blood and dirt and matted hair.
“Since what?! Are you really going to say it?!” Dean turned on him.
“Look, I don’t need to feel like hell for failing you, okay? For failing you like I’ve failed every other godforsaken thing that I care about! I don’t need it!” Dean stepped closer to the angel, clenching his hands into fists to keep himself from reaching up, grabbing Castiel’s coat, and shaking him.
“Try a bath instead,” Dean suggested. He stood up and reached down, took Castiel’s trembling hands, and helped him to stand too.
But now Dean had to save his brother. He didn’t have the time to stop and mourn.
“You mean am I still? ...” Cas twirled his finger in a circular motion at his ear, his expression serious.
Castiel discovers one of Dean's secrets.
“Why would I?” Cas tilted his head a little to the side in confusion, with his brow furrowing into that familiar look of curiosity and bewilderment.
“Dean? What are you doing here?” Castiel asked in a whisper. He opened his door a little wider, wordlessly inviting Dean inside.
Castiel winced and took two instinctual steps backward. His shoulders tensed and he shrunk in on himself, making himself small. There was so much he had to repent for. Perhaps more that could be covered in a lifetime. Maybe he never could.
“Sometimes I’m not sure if I want the things I want because
Thanks for reading, guys! Please leave any comments you might have as they well and truly motivate me and make my day! I'll hopefully have the next chapter up in a week or so! Keep an eye out for more!
“You read those?” Cas asked, surprised.
“No,” Sam said. There was no weakness in his resolve. No room for compromise of any kind.
“Dean, I need to stop,” he begged breathlessly, gripping Dean’s seat tightly in white-knuckled fists, “Please stop the car. I need air… I need…” He wasn’t sure what else he needed. To get out of that car, to splash his heated skin with cold water, to have Dean say something to him; anything at all.
Because he loved Dean too.
“I don’t understand,” Sam announced aloud to himself, throwing up his hands lividly before outright pushing the book in front of him as far away as the table would allow. Loose papers scattered and fluttered to the floor. Wordlessly, Dean stooped down to pick them up and he placed them back on the table in a haphazard pile. He didn’t think there was much more he could do to help. After all, he couldn’t have slept more than four hours over the past three days, and slowly but surely he was beginning to crash. Though, Dean thought that perhaps Sam had slept even less—he couldn’t be sure as Sam still disappeared for hours at a time, most likely withdrawing to the archives and researching there.
“Dean?” Castiel pushed.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” he said quietly, “I didn’t mean to, I promise…”
“Did you need to see a menu, hon?” she asked.
As Dean urged him to drink more water and endlessly kissed and caressed his skin, his own illuminated lantern couldn’t quite reach the depths of Castiel’s hollow centre, and the light very barely graced the dark edges. Cas knew Dean was trying, even if Dean himself didn’t quite know it yet. But he’d realise soon enough. And he’d just as soon see how pointless his efforts were, and how wasted his time was.
Castiel took a moment to half deconstruct his burger; inspecting each element in turn from the meat patty to the onions and the tomato and lettuce and pickles and cheese. It stopped there when Dean, with his mouth full, suggested he try eating it rather than looking at it. Castiel nodded and pieced it back together, mimicking Dean’s way of eating with fervour after squashing it down and taking a brave bite.
“You don’t think it’s more of a risk taking him with us? What’s to stop him from turning around and stabbing us in the back and making a run for it?”
“Some of it was,” Cas argued quietly.
“What are you doing?” Dean asked, watching him. They could barely see each other in the dark; the only light coming from the bar that cast them into faint shadows. The cold air tickled at their flushed faces and Castiel subconsciously tried to get warm as he moved around in the back seat.
The world of the apocalypse was no longer in their sights, and it was impossible to say when and if they would ever see it again. And instead of Mary, they now had the Castiel from another dimension. The trio scurried apart and took to their feet, Sam instinctively reaching for his brother. Dean still hadn’t begun to comprehend what was happening, and what choices had led to this, but the chance eluded him still as Castiel retrieved his angel blade and held it poised in warning.
Dean recklessly strode forward and braced himself against the demon, trying and failing to impale him with the blade. The demon took Dean’s arm into his hands and crushed the bone with ease as if the effort was nothing more than trivial. Dean exclaimed at the sudden agony and withdrew. The blade fell from his limp hand and thudded on the ground. The demon sidled forward with an easy smile and kicked the blade away, the metal scuttling through the thin veil of dirt and out of sight.
It seemed ridiculous to think how far he had fallen: one day spent protecting the brothers from mortal peril and aiding them in their mission to save the world, and the next day spent washing their dishes and emptying the trash. It hardly seemed enough. But what more could be done? What use was he to them? What was he even capable of? He had no answers, and so he took to the domestic duties without complaint. He started by scrubbing the dishes, rinsing and drying them before tucking them away where they belonged. Then he wiped down the countertops and stove top, taking extra care to clear the crusted stains away. Lastly, he emptied the expired contents of their fridge and pantry and disposed of it with the rest of the trash.
Dean stared at his feet. The honesty started to feel a bit tainted. It didn’t feel like a mistake to Dean. He didn’t regret what he had done. And his heart reminded him:
“Alright, we’ll run in, pack, and hit the road,” Dean said as he turned off the ignition.
“So you think my world is in chaos purely because nobody tried to change it?” Castiel asked in disbelief, “two entire armies? And the few humans that remain? And no one tried to escape fate?”
Sam shook his head minutely and flashed Dean a warning look, silently ordering him to keep his mouth shut and to keep his numerous complaints to himself until the angel was out of earshot. But with him now upstairs in the residential part of the bunker—a mere few rooms away from Dean’s—perhaps the opportunity would never actually present itself.
Castiel’s soul, already tainted, shrivelled and died.
“Are you afraid to tell him about your attraction to men… or just about your attraction to me?”
“Generally it’s alluring,” Cas assured him and pulled on a clean set of clothes.
“Well, alright,” Cas agreed, thinking for a moment.
Castiel reached out and placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder in the dark. He hoped that the sensation Dean’s touch brought to him could also be given in return. Maybe then Dean would well and truly believe that Cas never wished to go—that Castiel was nothing but truthful when he said that he always appreciated the time he and Dean spent together. That he would miss him.
Castiel blinked innocently at him. “Isn’t getting rid of me part of the plan?” he asked.
That was until Dean’s were walking away. His bricks were fully withdrawn, and Castiel had none left to rebuild with.
Tabbris picked up the bucket and emptied the tinted pink remains onto Castiel, drenching him in the same water that had almost killed him. He was bathed in it. The threat and promise of relief taken away and wasting away on his skin and clothes. Looking forlornly at Sophia and her flat eyes, Castiel wondered, despite everything, whether he deserved to die in her place. She had only tried to rescue him from his suffering. And, he was sure, she would have passed his last words onto Dean, ensuring the weight of each one carried and filled the voids in his broken heart. She would have done that for him. But he had failed her; failed her just as he had failed all of them and the Winchesters too.
“You need to stop doing that.” Dean turned on his side, facing Cas.
There were no ghosts here.
They both knew and acknowledged this fact without words, yet Castiel evidently felt either jealousy or hopelessness or both, and Dean felt a heavy sense of guilt. Guilt for loving Cas, but also growing to love Castiel too. He couldn’t help but think he was betraying them both, despite never being committed to either. He and Cas had never had the chance, but to take the chance now with Castiel would feel somewhat hollow. Never mind the sincerity, and never mind the warmth. Because beneath all that, there remained Cas.
His spine straightened, each of his muscles tensing as he climaxed. His lips parted, frozen in an inaudible gasp, and his eyes fluttered shut. But he could still feel Dean. He could feel his hands on Dean’s skin, he could feel the bone beneath it, and he could feel the warmth of Dean’s insides still somehow miraculously tight around him. As he came down from his high, the orgasm fading into a fond memory, it was the feeling of Dean that brought him back to Earth. He opened his eyes again and leaned back on his haunches. His still twinging cock withdrew from Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s only pie-like,” Cas mumbled. If it were a pie, he and Dean would be dancing. Looking down, their feet were decidedly far too still.
“Dean—” Sam started.
Cas retreated further. “I think that you shouldn’t touch me right now. You don’t
“Another ‘and’?” Castiel huffed, “now you’re just making fun of me.”
Castiel felt he hadn’t advanced very far since then. He was usually still oblivious to such things, only sensing the implications on occasion, but even then he never knew how to act on them. By now his interest only really seemed to focus on Dean, and though he had known the hunter for all these years, he was just as lost as to what he ought to say. Flirting was a distinct impossibility. He was no good with suggestive words or seductive forms of flattery. Whereas Dean was ridiculously charming and confident—he drew people in without even having to try. Cas sometimes felt weak simply from meeting Dean’s eye and seeing that devilish grin. How could he ever approach Dean and tell him how he now felt the very sensation that Dean had always urged him to feel? How could he when it was Dean whom he wanted to touch and kiss and pleasure?
Dean knew that this time wouldn’t be any different, unless it was somehow worse. The angels falling was a tragedy; the mess of Heaven pummelling down onto Earth, and there didn’t seem to be any resolution in sight. How does one go about fixing something like that? And Castiel surely felt helpless with his grace stolen and his body now that of a mortal man. What could Cas do? Dean certainly didn’t have any ideas to offer, and nor did he have the ability to comfort the now former angel they way he needed and deserved.
He pulled up at the side of the road, purposely parking further from the portal than was actually necessary. He was delaying as long as could justly get away with without later having to endure Sam’s lengthy, infuriated lectures.
He wanted to be with him every way he knew how.
“I’m fine, Cas. It’s just a cut,” Dean muttered quietly.
. Cas was constantly aware that Dean was
“So?” Cas asked stubbornly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Had they not stopped to ask questions, either one or both of them would be dead.
Their intimacy hadn’t ceased since that day on the hood of the Impala, but much of the heat had paled into something much softer and needy. It was careful, true, and honest lovemaking that spoke as much, if not more, about craving. Cas needed Dean, and Dean said he needed Cas too. They went to their bed together and made love in the simplest and softest of ways, taking their time and kissing adoringly. It was indulgent in a very pure and understated way. But it was impossible to ignore the undercurrent of melancholy, not with each other, but rather the belief that it could very well be for the last time.
“We need to be ready,” Castiel insisted firmly before turning and leaving them both behind.
“I wanted to thank you for today,” Dean said gently. “You saved us and that…”
barely began to touch on what Cas had really done to Dean.
though knowing he was risking his own life in order to kill Dick Roman. Though it meant sacrificing the pacifism he had worked so hard to maintain. Though it meant facing all the mistakes he had made and the destruction he had caused. He had stood there, essentially staring into the barrel of a gun, and offered up his life. Because Dean had asked him to.
Now, Cas felt guilt for being a disruption—a nuisance.
He cleared his throat uncomfortably and pointed at the glass of water, feigning that’s what he was reaching for all along and Sam was quick to give it to him. Cas swallowed it down quickly and his stomach instantly began to churn. His throat burned and, unable to refrain himself, Castiel threw up onto himself.
Frustrated. Broken. Dean had tossed the book aside and kicked the drawer shut. With the blanket gripped in white-knuckled fists, Dean’s head had dipped forward and his eyes closed. There was nothing there for him. There was nothing left of Cas; nothing he could hold onto. But then he had seen it: the edge of something peeking out of the Bible on the floor. Picking it up and tugging it free from the pages, Dean had discovered a photograph. It was one he couldn’t recall being taken: he and Cas side by side leaning against the Impala, beers in hand. Dean was inclined towards Cas, trying to hear him over some now forgotten sound, and Cas’ lips were at his ear. Their hands were near touching, their palms pressed against the hood of the car. Cas’ coat was caught in the gentle wind, blowing the tan material against Dean’s denim-clad legs. And Dean was smiling. Laughing actually, at whatever it was Cas was whispering to him.
Since getting Dean, he was having a hard time knowing when he needed to let go.
to trust him. Castiel looked to Dean pleadingly, trying to manipulate him and undermine his better judgement—like he recognised himself as Dean’s biggest weakness. Whether he understood how that came to be was a question upon itself, and Dean was determined now to find out for sure. He withdrew from the doorway and took careful steps into the room. Sam was circling Castiel with holy oil as an added, and probably necessary, precaution; the cuffs and chains and warding were expected to hold up—at least for now—but neither of them were willing to take any chances. It was risky enough for an apathetic angel to be loose with them in the bunker, but riskier still for him to end up anywhere in a world from which he didn’t originate. There was no telling where he could go or what he might do had he the opportunity.
“But it gives you the right to use Castiel as a replacement?”
“Good. And maybe you’ll have the chance to have the soppy, lovey-dovey talk you’ve been wanting,” Sam grinned.
“You and Sam shouldn’t have to.”
“Don’t do this, Dean,” Sam pleaded, “I understand you miss Cas… and I know you loved him. Believe me, I know. But you
Dean’s hands gripped the material of Castiel’s jacket at the shoulders, holding tight as though he was always going to refuse to let go, were Cas to ask that of him. But Cas wasn’t going to ask. He couldn’t. Though he still knew that he should.
“Good point,” Dean acknowledged. He stepped smoothly closer to Cas and nudged his chin up gently with his hand before kissing him. “What did you mean by me needing something to keep me occupied in the morning?”
“Hardly,” Cas disagreed. “No wings, remember?”
To Dean, it would be the same as seeing Cas’ ghost everywhere.
“I’m being reasonable, Purah. There’s a difference,” Sophia argued pointedly.
“You take that back,” Dean said, casting a glare at his younger brother’s back, knowing he couldn’t see it.
In the end, at Dean’s request, he stayed.
“What does love feel like?” Castiel asked.
Castiel would let Dean sleep each night, secretly pleased each time he moved closer or held him.
“You humans make some awfully strange choices,” Cas commented.
“I don’t understand,” Castiel admitted, “everything and nothing at all?”
would be awake.
Dean had spent an hour each day there, having distanced his chair from Castiel’s so he could watch him from afar and feel less inclined to speak. Not that Castiel took issue with that—never arguing for or against Dean’s abject silence. Instead, he sat as still as ever under that singular burning light, looking pointedly at nothing as the time passed. Patience seemingly came easy for a creature of millennia. For Dean, however, patience was limited. He’d decided to mimic interrogations for Sam’s sake, making a point of going to see Castiel and returning again, apparently frustrated at the angel’s refusal to cooperate. Still, he hadn’t admitted the truth—that Castiel may very well answer him if only he would ask. Despite having advised Sam to approach Castiel with honesty, little had changed. The hunter’s words went unrecognised by the angel, with his silences heavy with purpose. Why Castiel still ignored Sam, even after all this time, escaped Dean, and he’d finally had enough.
Castiel sighed and closed his book, not bothering to bookmark or remember the page. He didn’t care where the story would have led him. Ultimately, all stories ended the same way. Even his own.
“I’ll go with you,” Dean said sternly.
“What question?”
The second angel knelt down and held an angel blade to Castiel’s face, slicing down his cheek. The blood ran hot down his cheek and some pooled in the corner of his lips. With his mouth still open and gasping for air, his lip stained red and he could taste the faint tang of metal. His throat ached. The kicking of his feet slowed. Everything was turning dark as his eyes rolled back into his skull.
Dean’s chest heaved with hysterical breaths, between which he cursed Castiel’s name over and over again. Somehow he clenched around Castiel’s throbbing erection, the already tight heat suddenly tightening further. Cas swore himself, the one word passing his lips like something illicit and tainted with glorious sin. At that sound, Dean completely unravelled, and his hot seed jetted onto Castiel’s stomach. The hunter shuddered through his orgasm, one hand still fucking his own cock and the other digging into Castiel’s bicep.
“You smell pie?!” Cas finally reacted. “How could you possibly smell pie from this?”
But he had never intended to be drawn to his friend; attracted to his emerald eyes and his damn-kissable lips and his broad shoulders and…  Cas had to stop and focus on something else. Anything else. Still in a daze, he dragged one of the blankets from the bed and settled himself on the couch; purposely laying the blanket over his lap in case he needed to conceal himself from Dean. But he needn’t had worried, because it was a long time before Dean opened the bathroom door and peeked his head out.
Love, to put it simply, left him mystified.
“Oh, Cas… I was just thinking of what we should do for lunch tomorrow. Any ideas?” Dean said as he picked up the keys from the kitchen counter.
“Are you sure?” Castiel asked seriously, kissing his lips again.
Swallowing the last bite, Cas stood up and wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist, nestling his face into the crook of Dean’s neck. He kissed gently, his lips lingering for a little while longer than they normally would. Dean sighed and instinctively leaned back into his embrace, perhaps relieved that Cas had instigated it in the first place. At his worst, Cas would desperately take assertions of love whilst failing to give any in return. And it wasn’t by fault. He felt there was no point in denying that he loved Dean more than Dean could ever love him. But, somehow, his ability to show it became stunted and buried beneath his irrefutable fear of breaking everything he touched.
And he had told himself each and every time he had woken this way.
“Only a little,” Dean admitted, “I’ve been worse. But… thanks for letting me crash. If it ever happens again, just know you’re free to kick me out if you want.”
touching him. And he could hardly believe it.
Dean winced but shrugged dismissively, acting as though he had done nothing worth apologising for. And maybe he was right. Cas, after all, had no claim over the brothers. They didn’t owe him anything, and he had no right to demand notification of their whereabouts. Cas had no real reason to be informed on their travels as they went from state to state, city to city, on various hunts. While it eased his peace of mind to hear their voices and to be reassured of their safety, it wasn’t his place to demand it. Dean could, and would, go wherever he liked, whenever he wanted, and whoever with.
“No… I… I’m sorry,” Castiel seemed confused by the prospect. Confused by how the word could be both heavy and meaningless at the same time.
“Help me carry him,” Dean urged Sam.
And he never felt it in the vicinity of another angel. Uriel, Zachariah, Balthazar, even the freaking archangels, were all surrounded by nothingness. Were Dean to have simply walked by them unknowingly on the street, he wouldn’t have felt a thing; they could have passed for humans.
It wasn’t nothing.
All eyes turned to Castiel.
Sam rubbed between his eyes with his thumb and forefinger, clenching his eyes shut tightly for a few seconds. Dean had evoked a similar reaction from Sam before, and usually from a very similar argument, though about a much lesser creature like a newborn vamp or a peculiarly empathetic werewolf. Sam was always so insistent on trying to save whoever he could, were it human or otherwise, whereas Dean took to a much stricter way of doing things—the way John had taught him—to kill anything that wasn’t human.
Suddenly, Castiel couldn’t even hear the music anymore. His pulse was pounding in his ears. As far as he was concerned, the room was completely bare, bar Dean. Cas cleared his throat awkwardly and turned his back to Dean again, hastily tugging at the covers and feigning a chill. In reality, he was paranoid about concealing the ever-growing bulge in his pyjama pants. He realised he was probably already safe from prying eyes, but made an extra effort to ensure it all the same. Trying hard not to focus too much on the discomfort between his legs, Cas listened for the music again, actually wishing that it was the loud rock music Dean usually listened to. He suspected that it would have provided a far better distraction.
“There’s a stream,” the wolf finally divulged, hesitant in his answer. The blade was still cutting into his flesh.
Cas was as relieved to be here as he was afraid. He hesitated to knock on the door. He knew he should but still dreaded what he would find inside. Somehow, despite it all, he still found himself delaying the inevitable. Time did not favour him or the angels. The longer he waited the more the world was cast into chaos. He knew this. Yet, his untethered human emotions made it harder to act on instruction or wisdom alone. His once unwavering commitment and fearlessness had vanished with his stolen grace.
They had missed multiple portals, arriving either just as they closed or occasionally long after. It wasn’t entirely Dean’s fault. After all, the portals were unpredictable. They had missed many in the past. But Sam had only just begun accusing Dean for it. And Dean couldn’t honestly dismiss the accusations and call it utter nonsense derived from unrelated anger. Dean
And, again, Castiel was sorry.
“Right there… And…and,” Dean said breathily, trying hard to focus and explain, “And earlier, on the road. I feel like I’m seeing him.” He shook his head weakly, feeling worse as he admitted the truth.
“Up ahead,” Sam said and pointed to a distant yellow glow. “You see it?”
“Not really.”
,” Purah spat.
“I’ll fuck you till you can’t remember your name,” Cas purred, thrusting deep into him.
He still didn’t know.
“This is important, Cas,” Dean had said softly, “whatever happens… whatever shit goes down… you come home to me. Understand?”
Castiel fought for dear life, wrapping one leg around the blanket and curling away from Dean, pulling the blanket with him. There was no way Dean would win this one; Cas simply wouldn’t let him.
“Sam’s a wuss. You ask him to do anything and he thinks he’s being nagged.”
“You do,” Cas breathed. And he meant it in more ways than the illicit. Dean evoked more than an intense sexual craving. Dean made Castiel’s heart skip beats. He made his cheeks flush red with nerves and excitement. Somehow, when it came to Dean, the human emotions—as complex and overwhelming as they were—seemed worth it. He would challenge the odds and defy his angelic limitations to love Dean. And where love hadn’t immediately struck, a sense of change had.
Dean noticed the change in Castiel’s expression and frowned. “You really miss it, huh? Being an angel?”
Sam never came out after him, and Dean was thankful for it.
Their chests pressed flush together, rising and falling together harshly as they both tried to regain breath. Dean brushed his fingers through Castiel’s hair and pressed a hot kiss to his forehead. Neither of them were ready to speak; still too stunned to do anything further than just holding one another. Castiel shifted more to Dean’s side and rested his head down onto his chest, rubbing his cheek against his skin, and his arm wrapped loosely around his waist.
“These are not just monsters, Dean. They’re leviathan. I have a price on my head, and I’ve been trying to stay one step ahead of them to… to keep them away from you. That’s why I ran.”
The only room they had not gone to was Sam’s. There was an unspoken rule there that they both just knew without question. And every day they passed it without hesitance, their minds instead going to the war room or the laboratory or elsewhere.
But there too came the good dreams. They were few and far between… and they were unwelcome.
“And you can’t know that it will,” Sam pointed out rationally.
“I tried to warn him. I tried to tell him what you were doing—that you were using him,” Sam said.
“Oh, I dunno, I quite like the drive,” Dean shoved his hands into his coat pockets.
Dean pulled the car in at the next fast food diner they came across and he hopped out before Cas had even gotten the chance to see where they were. Obviously the hunter was hungry and unwilling to wait longer than he needed to for food. Cas quickly followed him inside and sat across from him at one of the many empty tables, accepting the menu as it was thrust into his hands by a waitress.
Dean shook his head. His whole mind had gone blank and he looked to Sam with lost eyes, silently begging for his help. Sam knowingly took the phone from Dean’s frozen hand and put the call on speaker.
“That is not comforting, Dean,” Cas wrinkled his nose. “Really makes me want to go swimming.”
“It’s not about fault. It’s about will. Dean, do you really not remember?” Castiel tilted his head slightly to the side, his eyes searching Dean’s imploringly. Dean suddenly felt uncomfortable, like Cas was able to see right through him to his very soul. Who knew if all that angelic crap allowed him to do that?
“What are you doing up?” Dean asked with a yawn.
“Just… leave me. Please,” Castiel insisted, turning his gaze out to the horizon, but his attention was restless. He was forcing himself to turn away from Dean, knowing it was best for the hunter to continue on without him, but it would hurt him to watch Dean go all the same.
Dean peered up at him, a little taken aback by the quiet sadness in the angel’s voice. Castiel had expressed rage and resentment and even a sense of agony—but this was different. This was human-like mourning—something that angels weren’t adept at feeling. It wasn’t in their nature to actually grieve their losses; what once was and would never be again. Angels became fallen comrades and nothing more. But, Castiel actually seemed to genuinely care. And Dean suddenly felt a real pang of guilt. It was true that he hadn’t given much thought to what banishing Lucifer to another world would mean for those existing there. Maybe Sam had, considering he had expressed time and time again that he wanted to impact as little as possible in the mission to find Jack and save their mother. Dean had obviously agreed, thinking how he didn’t want those worlds—and their own particular breeds of horror—to creep back into his life.
Castiel dipped his head down again, and this time it wasn’t because of the churning in his gut or because of the imbalance of his woozy head. It wasn’t because the toilet seat felt cool against his boiling skin or because the sleep deprivation was threatening to pull him under; even there sitting uncomfortably on the bathroom floor. It was because he found no reason to keep his head upright. It seemed easier to fold beneath the torment of the void—the empty space where the light used to be.
But he found it impossible to stop. He could only deny those withdrawals and that unrelenting pain for so long before he gave into it and snuck a sip or two or more… sometimes a
“Nah, I guess not,” Dean granted and then rubbed his hands together in an abrupt display of joy, “Oh hell yeah, they’ve got a minibar. Costs an eye and a foot, but it’s worth it.”
“I really love you, Dean,” Cas said.
But Cas wasn’t kind or noble.
Sam sat upright and carefully closed his laptop, setting it down at his feet and wiping his lips with the back of his hand. His brow furrowed and he followed Dean’s infuriated gaze to the mess of crumbs around him. Wordlessly, Sam got out of the car and dusted off his lap before wiping the crumbs from the seat onto the asphalt outside. Dean rubbed between his eyes with his forefinger and thumb, working at the tension building there as it steadily spread from his forehead to the back of his skull. He had been experiencing this same pain for the last few days now, consistent headaches from more variables than he could count. Not that that had kept Sam from trying each time Dean brought it up or popped a painkiller or two. Next to no sleep and a hideously lacking diet, combined with an overexertion of concentration on the road, just to name a few.
“I saw you. I saw you coming out of Castiel’s room,” Sam accused. He shook Dean’s wrist.
“Well, what else then?” Dean asked. He wrapped his arms around Castiel’s neck and gently guided him down again so he could tenderly kiss him once more.
Dean fumbled with his one functioning arm and found the key to the cuffs deep in his pocket. He struggled to work the key into the lock, his fingers becoming thick and clumsy at the pressure and due to the worsening pain throughout his entire body. The blood from his wounds impaired his vision and made his hand slippery. With the shock coursing through him, he could hardly focus his attention on the task at hand, even as Castiel impatiently tried to help him.
Thanks so much for reading, guys! I'll admit I originally had another ending in mind, but I was finding that I was starting to lose heart in it. I didn't want to draw it out further because I knew I'd lose any and all sense of what I was trying to do. While I feel this ending is rather abrupt, I think it shows that there are still doubts lingering beneath the surface. And future problems to face. And things that would eventually try to pull one another apart. And it's up to your interpretation as to whether they will keep the promises they make.
Castiel winced as one of the stitches tugged his skin and Sam regarded him in quiet apology. “I don’t know if it’s that simple this time…” Cas’s voice trailed off slowly, plagued with trepidation.
That Dean truly loved him.
Sam’s eyes dipped with pity.
And maybe Dean’s love for Castiel had never really been reciprocated. And Dean decided that was fair. Though a part of him believed it weren’t true. It felt false on his own tongue to say that there hadn’t ever been
“Having fun yet?”  Dean asked, watching the former angel in wait for the first sign of intoxication.
“Dean did his best,” Cas murmured, “I think I let him down.”
Dean considered this for a moment and sighed, “Anything mentioned about the state of the vics’? Heart missing? Drained of blood?”
Castiel’s research wasn’t turning up much of anything, much to his chagrin. After all this time without any leads and a fast-diminishing list of ideas, he started to wonder whether
Dean smiled a little, “Yeah. Yeah, I think it is.”
“Well, weird wouldn’t be the first word I’d use,” Cas decided, “Is it weird? ... Am I weird?”
“Excuse me?”
Cas pulled into the service station and peered out through the windshield. The wipers battled against the pouring rain, his view disrupted by the haze. He saw who he assumed was the store clerk through the window and two truckers loitering just outside, likely enjoying a cigarette or two as they waited for the rain to settle. He checked the time on his dash and began to fret over how long it had been since he left the bunker. The vehicle he took from the garage had sat idle there for so many years and no longer ran as smoothly as it probably once had. He had abandoned it some ways back at the side of the road, continuing on foot until he found a less conspicuous car he could steal.
When he went down to the garage five minutes later, he paused just outside the doorway. He could hear Dean’s hushed murmurings into the phone, his soft words weighted with apprehension and… was that frustration? Cas definitely thought so as he pressed himself against the wall and strained to hear exactly what Dean was saying.
Dean rolled his eyes but was smiling, “alright, so not
And from Dean’s comment on lending him the nude magazine, he realised that maybe he hadn’t been as subtle as he had thought. It sounded as if Dean knew what Castiel was sometimes doing behind closed doors, which now embarrassed him. He was worried that perhaps if Dean knew that he had been pleasuring himself, then maybe he also knew what, or rather who, Castiel thought about whilst doing it.
He felt so sure of it now as he tried to come to terms with the stagnancy of his life.
“There ain’t nothin’ your brother can do to crack into this locked box, Dean. He can’t get himself into any trouble.” Benny knew how much Dean worried about his brother, he’d heard the nightmares passing Dean’s lips while he slept. “Look, we’re getting outa here, one way or another. You’ve gotta get a grip.”
“Of course.”
something, would you be satisfied in knowing that it may not be everything you wanted?”
But he also knew Dean stood perfect on his own too.
Castiel stared at him, still confused as to what he meant, but it was clear that Dean wasn’t going to expand on it. At least not tonight.
“Aren’t you?!”
“Can I sit with you this time?” Dean asked weakly. He nestled his face into the crook of Castiel’s neck, inhaling the comforting scent of heather and subtle honey. One hand slipped up his back and into the hair at the back of his head, fingers tangling into the dark locks.
“Yeah, well, I really ought to have a lot of things but I get by just fine without them,” Dean shrugged. The hunter appraised him carefully and seemed almost amused as he said; “you know you could put on a shirt, right?”
Castiel took a sharp breath and coughed into his sleeve. He followed that with a swift, disgruntled shake of his head. He squeezed Dean’s hand, and Dean squeezed his hand in return, somewhat consolingly. Had he had the time, he would have stopped him and warned him of the numerous possible consequences. It seemed now that a warning was no longer necessary. The time had long since passed.
“It’s hu—,” Cas started.
Dean’s hips struck erratically at his skin and his hands gripped impossibly tight at Castiel’s waist. Words stuttered at the tip of his tongue and he gasped vulnerably against his neck, his lips parted and soft. Cas could feel himself clenching around Dean’s swollen cock and then a sudden warmth inside him. The sensation sent tremors up his spine and he took his own erection into his still slightly numb hand and stroked himself to climax with Dean still thrusting unsteadily into him.
Castiel wasn’t good at telling lies, and he wasn’t good at knowing when he was being lied to, either. Either Dean wasn’t trying very hard to be convincing, or the lie was so profoundly a lie that it could never have passed for truth.
And Cas could use the distraction.
Neither Cas nor Dean said anything and the tension steadily grew deafening. Sam feigned hearing his phone ringing somewhere in the distance and swiftly fled to answer it, the bulge of his phone in his pocket evident to all of them as he went.
For a while he lost himself in it, even sometimes sharing bits and pieces he found especially fascinating, and he often expanded upon it with what he already knew; stopping only to take sips of his coffee. He could tell from Dean’s expression that his recollection of facts was starting to bore him, but the hunter hadn’t asked him to stop either; instead allowing the former angel to ramble on. It made Castiel feel better just to be able to focus his attention on something else for a while.
“Well, I wouldn’t recommend trying to shoot it,” Castiel said seriously, “but, yes, kill it before asking questions.”
“Hold on, hold on,” Dean gestured for Benny to stop, and the vampire did so grudgingly. “Cas, we’re getting out of here. We’re going home.” Dean wanted to step forward and caress Castiel’s cheek, wanted him to look into his eyes and see just how desperately he wanted him. How much he needed him.
Dean shook his head and took another quick drink, purposely turning his back in a futile attempt to conceal just how intoxicated he was, and just how lost he had become. He knew that what he had done was wrong, and he understood what made it wrong… and whilst he felt guilt at being caught, he did not regret doing it. Castiel had filled the void where Cas used to be, and kissing him made Dean feel whole again.
“So that’s what he told you…” Dean murmured quietly. He fiddled nervously with a loose thread from the seam of his jeans, pinching and twisting the fabric between his calloused thumb and forefinger. It was his only stand in for the alcohol he didn’t have on hand to drink, and for the denial he couldn’t force feed himself with Castiel sitting right there watching him.
“That you don’t trust me?” Cas was hurt. But, worse still, he wasn’t all that surprised.
“Not eating, for one thing,” Dean bent down and retrieved his discarded shirt and roughly pulled it back on.
Dean found it impossible to deny or forcefully turn away that naïve look on Castiel’s face so he merely sighed and took another drink, grudgingly accepting the angel’s proximity. Castiel said nothing and continued to stare, though his gaze began to drift to the mostly empty pack of beer on the table. Curious, Castiel half reached for a bottle before pausing.
Dean doubted he would ever understand how or why. He didn’t even trust himself.
“I wouldn’t call it an interruption,” Dean reassured him. Castiel reached out to touch the car, presumably to clean it in an instant. Dean quickly took his hand and stopped him. “I’d rather do it manually if that’s okay?”
They were quiet for a moment, and then Dean cleared his throat, his eyes averted. “Right. And I’m asking you again… to stay. I want you here. Hell, I
it read. Castiel peered at his phone and realised how many hours had passed since he first sat down and started watching. There had been past incidences of a show ending unexpectedly. It was common for him to be totally unaware of how many episodes he had watched in a row, indicating just how much time he had spent in bed with his eyes glued to the screen. There was nothing else to do to pass the time. Mostly he cursed how few seasons there were to his favourite series’. By the time he had become captivated by certain characters or storylines, the show was over and he had to look for another and try to be as interested in their tale.
“You take that back,” Dean spat, incensed.
“Let me bottom line it for you. I’m not leaving here without you. Understand?” Dean emphasized.
He couldn’t.
“It’s been so long since I last saw this beautiful Earth,” Castiel said from the backseat.
“How’s the hangover?” Dean asked eventually, slowly easing his foot off the accelerator as they approached and pulled in at the Gas-N-Sip.
“I’m good, but thanks,” Dean protested stubbornly. He shifted awkwardly, his cheeks flushing a little red.
But what good did it do? What lesson did it teach if the consequences were too dire to ever be at a risk of repeating? The angels had fallen and Castiel’s efforts to return them to Heaven may very well be fruitless. There was nothing he could do to make them fall a second time. There was no lesson, only regret.
“Do you want me, Dean?” Castiel asked, his hand still stroking the length of Dean’s shaft.
All the while, Castiel remained silent and still in the back seat, sitting poised with his hands patiently clasped in his lap, the cuffs loose at his wrists. He hadn’t said a word for the last three hours. Instead, he watched the world through the window, his eyes glistening and eager to be out there rather than in here.
“Maybe he’ll like the coffee,” Dean muttered finally.
Dean wished he could remember the words.
“I had to,” Castiel so clearly wanted Dean to understand. But Dean was struggling. Everything was starting to too closely resemble being betrayed the first time. And while he didn’t want to believe it, it didn’t put a stop to the voice in his head that said;
Castiel noticed Dean noticeably stiffen. His eyes flitted to the wall, avoiding Castiel’s piercing gaze. This wasn’t a truth that just hadn’t had time or reason or urgency to come up. It was something Dean seemed afraid and almost entirely unwilling to share.
The distinctive line between the two angels would be all the more blurred. And this time, there might not be any returning from that.
Castiel’s face flushed scarlet again and he cleared his throat, “Yes, thank you.”
He scanned the list of options, considering them carefully though he didn’t possess enough experience to make an informed decision on what he ought to have. They were all names he recognised, of course; the standard fries and nachos and burgers, but as far as he remembered, they tasted plainly of molecules and he couldn’t wrap his head around foods no longer having any obvious structure. There was flavour now, and that made choosing all the more difficult. So he decided to get whatever Dean was getting.
He looked at Castiel and tried it. Dean looked at Castiel and allowed Cas’ ghost to come into focus. And Dean saw him. Castiel must have taken some time to neaten his appearance: washing the dirt from his face and combing his usually dishevelled dark hair. His tie had been refastened at his neck—though forever twisted the wrong way round despite his efforts—and perhaps he had even attempted to wash the stains of his old world from his coat in the sink. It was such a human thing to do. A Cas thing. And Dean wondered how he hadn’t noticed before. Perhaps it was because he had been trying so hard to look without seeing. But now he couldn’t look away.
“A fantasy?”
“You alright?” Dean asked.
Cas got to work on the buttons of his shirt, taking it slow and watching Sam’s demeanour for any sign of unease. But the state of his bandages and bruises didn’t perturb Sam in the slightest as his well-accustomed eyes studied them closely. He wasn’t so easily flummoxed by battle scars; the sight of death had put life, no matter how frail or broken, into a hard-headed perspective. It was all too familiar. Sam didn’t ponder it for too long before getting to work removing his bandages one after the other. Cas sat patiently and shifted as needed. He was glad to have helping hands involved in this process. Still, even after all this time, he wasn’t used to healing this way.
The hunter had mostly opened his mind to the idea of an actual relationship with Castiel—though the former angel hadn’t pushed for a label of any kind. Behind closed doors Dean melted into Cas as if there had never been any question about it. As if there had never been anything unusual or new about it at all. But then, out in front of prying eyes, Dean succumbed to an inconceivable pressure and reduced his affection to soulful looks, and flirtatious and playful kicks to Cas’ legs under tables.
“Uh… yes. I’ve told you before how I don’t like being up any time before 9,” Cas struggled to maintain his composure. These days he so easily melted at Dean’s touch, and even now he couldn’t fully fathom why that was or what it meant, or if that was even a bad thing.
But the hunter didn’t seem to be suffering the same way—his eyes were fixed comfortably on the road, his hands still steady in a 9 and 3 position on the steering wheel. Dean had turned the stereo down a couple hours prior, having noticed that Cas was considerably tired; so it was a wonder how he somehow still retained so much focus with nothing to stimulate his senses.  Unless it was solely the cold keeping him awake, whereas it was taking the exact opposite effect on Cas—making him fall asleep even faster.
Thanks for reading, guys! Just one more chapter to go (Though I think it will be a short one). I've started working on another story that I'm very excited about and I think you might really enjoy. So I'll hopefully start uploading chapters of that one soon. Keep an eye out for it :D
to make an apple pie.” Cas felt flummoxed. “But I’ve hardly succeeded at that. I don’t know how you can smell pie when this isn’t
“No, I heard that part. I meant, what vinyl was it? You remember the artist? A song?”
Castiel pushed himself off from the doorframe and somehow walked steadily up to him despite his knees feeling as though they were about to buckle at any given moment. He stopped in front of Dean and nodded his head to gesture to his apron.
Dean’s lips pressed more firmly against his; his kiss full of hopeless need and eternal promise and unconditional love. His kiss was his final plea for Cas to make the wrong choice. It was his last try to keep the man he loved from leaving him. And it was taking everything to keep Cas from giving in.
“F...Fuck, Dean panted, dragging Cas down for another kiss. “This is s…so fucking pleasurable.”
“Uh… yeah, I have. How else would I know you weren’t looking?” Dean argued reasonably.
“I’m not,” Cas breathed though he didn’t actually understand what Dean meant by
“Didn’t know what else to do except call for reinforcements and make what I hoped was a lucky guess. Stopped at every gas station along the way hoping someone had seen you. All the good that did. They’d seen too many faces to remember. I left each joint feeling like it very well could have been the one and I would never know.”
Castiel’s face reddened and he puckered his lips. He shook his head, distraught by the apparently abhorrent taste, and turned his wide eyes to Dean.
It wasn’t the same to touch without the threat of breaking it, he thought. These days, his purposeful, delicate touch meant nothing. His efforts accomplished nothing. The caution was unwarranted, because there was nothing he could do to anything or anyone, and the acceptance was tainted by having to change to earn it.
Together, they listened to the music in silence, but Cas started to fade in and out of sleep, and one song blurred into the next until he could no longer distinguish any difference between them. Each time he awoke, still in a daze, he felt a small pang of guilt for failing to pay attention. But Dean didn’t seem to mind. The hunter would occasionally hum to the tune of whichever song was playing, and soon Cas found himself listening solely to Dean instead.
… They say it like it means something. Something important. Like… more important than anything else. What does it feel like?”
“It was the happiest I had ever been,” Cas admitted. He knew he ought to lie, if not just to make Dean eager to leave him behind. But it hurt enough to run, let alone to try to lie as to why he was doing it.
“Well, yes. I can feel it in the air. I suppose as a human you can’t, really,” Cas replied sheepishly, “which is why you depend on your… what do you call it? Weatherman?”
The point was, Castiel had never seen Dean so much as flirt with a man before. And sometimes Cas did misunderstand or entirely miss these cues or implications, but he didn’t think he had ever been
Cas knew that were it Dean in his place, he’d still love him despite that and more. There was no obstruction too great and no burden too heavy that could rob him of the sensations he felt right now in this moment.
“Well now you’re just cheating,” Dean huffed, tugging the blanket with one hand whilst trying to push Castiel off the bed with the other, but Cas was like a dead weight: curled into a tight ball with the blanket now firmly clamped between his thighs. “Are you even tired anymore?”
Dean liked to think that Cas had put up a good fight; that he had made those last moments mean something, but the hard truth was that Cas was weak when Dean left him.
“Can you see clearly? Does your skin feel flushed? Are you—” Cas interrupted.
Castiel was silent. Unmoving. And finally, Dean withdrew completely, and, feeling lost, picked up his overturned chair and sunk back down into it.
Castiel nodded.
“You never talk about him,” Castiel said finally, poking at the elephant in the room.
“Are you okay with that?” Dean didn’t sound convinced.
a celestial being,” Castiel laughed lightly.
“Talk to him.” Sam shrugged dismissively like the suggestion was the most obvious thing in the world. “Just say what you mean. Once in a blue moon Dean responds in kind.”
Finally—as Dean begged for him—Cas withdrew his hand and slicked his own cock with spit, cursing under his breath at the sensation of his palm encasing his erection and stroking it. He guided the head of his throbbing cock to Dean’s ass and allowed the hunter to envelop him. Dean was so tight. So fucking tight and warm and glorious. This was more than what his newly-human urges had ever prepared him for.
“Well, shit is dirty in the literal sense. Though, did you know that Ancient Egyptians used pessary made of dried crocodile dung as a form of contraception?”
“I don’t s—see why this… matters,” Cas slurred.
He wasn’t too pleased with himself, either. It was his car now and had been for a number of years. He loved and adored it, and expected to age alongside it. It would be a disgrace for its underside to rust and its engine to collapse. Dean could never bear to see it demolished long before its time, and it had many more years yet to live. He had rebuilt this car time and time again, dedicating much of his time to reviving her to her former glory. She deserved that much. Baby had been his and Sam’s home growing up, and Dean often still considered it as such rather than the bunker.
“I bought coffee,” Cas announced stiffly and awkwardly held the cup out to him. It was a poor peace offering but he couldn’t think of anything else that was suitable to offer.
“Worse?”
His eyes panned down to Dean’s slightly undersized flannel shirt. The hem was beyond the point of fraying and had begun to completely unravel on one side. The seam of Dean’s sleeve had clearly been torn and patched time and time again over however many years, which suggested that this shirt was possibly favoured above all others. Where much of Dean’s clothing had been thrown out or abandoned after being ravaged by violence or Castiel’s inability to correctly do a load of washing, this shirt had survived. No, it had been revived countless times and worn with love despite its obvious shabbiness. Castiel remembered once commenting on it years ago—back when its fabric was near new and unhindered—about how it suited Dean. He’d said it in passing, though he had stared as he so often did back then before he fully understood why it was impolite to do so. It was such a simple remark, but Dean had run his hand down the front to the final button and near blushed at the words.
Sam checked the sharp edge of the demon knife before tucking it into his belt alongside his gun. He looked pointedly at Dean, clearly frustrated that he was still standing there in his wet jeans with the car keys at his feet and a startled expression etched permanently onto his features.
Cas tentatively reached over and took the keys from Dean, passing them back again after selecting the correct one. Dean murmured a thank you and started the ignition, taking extra care to pull out of the garage as if suddenly thwarted by the slightly curved road that he had driven along countless times before.
Dean deepened the kiss, pulling Cas in closer all the while with his fingers knotting into his hair. Castiel moaned—the sound like a soft, vulnerable quiver—and repeated, “All of me,” this time with absolute conviction. He wanted Dean to feel every inch of him; to possess it and claim every part with his lips. And he wanted to take Dean; to hold and caress him entirely, and to mark his skin with his teeth. Cas stood upright and placed his palm on Dean’s chest, pushing him flat on the bed before straddling his hips. His belt hung open around his jeans and Dean hooked one finger through the buckle and pulled it loose—tossing it away with the abandoned shirt.
“When did I ask you to risk your ass?”
“It’s bad, Dean. It’s awful,” Cas groaned, “there’s no hot water.”
“Really?” Cas asked in disbelief.
Sam wasn’t the only victim of Dean’s sober frustration, however. Castiel, too, occasionally fell into the firing line as Dean tried to find his own two feet amongst the blurred mess his alcoholism had left behind. Dean did whatever he could to bite his tongue, and to apologize whenever the harsh words happened to slip through. And, somehow, both Sam and Castiel were patient and understanding.
Castiel nodded solemnly and turned back to face them. “I think I should go in alone.”
“Yeah, well,” Dean shrugged dismissively.
His madness hadn’t spiralled further into actual insanity. He shook his head at the thought—at the fact that he even had to consider the possibility. And he wondered if it were normal. Were these fears and dreadful thoughts to be expected of his newfound humanity? Or was this unusual? Cas couldn’t really be sure and he refused to ask.
Dean remained focused on the road, his jaw still all sharp edges and his lips hard-pressed in a thin line. Cas tried to appreciate the scenery as it flew past his window, the canopy of trees blurring into one another. He didn’t have to look at the gauge to know what Dean was speeding, but he offered no comment on the matter, aware that Dean most likely sped more often than not. He trusted that the hunter knew what he was doing.
“I…I ca—,” Castiel tried. His lungs heaved.
“Of course not!” Dean snapped.
you, whichever you prefer,” Dean confirmed and nodded his head toward the passenger door. Cas took that as his cue and opened it, the thought of the backseat still playing around the forefront of his mind. Really, he was just unwilling to argue with Dean on anything.
“Oh, I, uh, didn’t realise,” Cas stammered, his cheeks now red for a whole different reason. “I’m sorry, Dean. I’ll use less from now on.”
“Something’s wrong,” Castiel said.
The cashier nodded reluctantly, clearly not wishing to delve any deeper into Cas’ current dark state of mind. He peered uncomfortably out the window and back at Castiel again, as if trying to find yet another weather-related comment to offer in place of actual conversation.
The sun was setting. The car was running on empty and the sun was setting and Cas still had some length to go. Time had absolutely escaped him, much sooner than he had anticipated. The confusion and mechanical trouble had set him back some hours. He could only hope the angel was patient. Not that he had heard any complaint to suggest otherwise. In fact, everything had been dead silent. Cas wondered if the line had closed off again, but didn’t dare attempt praying to test it yet. It was somehow exhausting to try. It was debilitating, almost. Because the response came so loud and the static around that one voice was almost more than he could withstand. Angel voices weren’t meant for human ears, so it near deafened him to listen.
Cas dared to try again, and this time he traced Dean’s leg from his knee to his hip and then slowly back again. Dean’s hand tightened on his shoulder. Both of them seemed to melt into one another without question, and soon their legs were tangled together, though Cas couldn’t think of when it happened. His hand moved across Dean’s leg to his inner thigh with more certainty and Dean’s breath suddenly hitched.
Dean had always been striking, but there with his expression comfortably lost, he truly took Castiel’s breath away. His green eyes glistened in the sunlight and Cas was better able to see the full length of his pale lashes. Faint freckles dusted Dean’s cheeks and nose—more than Cas actually remembered ever noticing before. It stunned him to think there was anything about Dean that his attentive eye had managed to miss. He wondered if his humanity had clouded his retrospection, or if he had been so blind as to overlook flawed perfection when it was right in front of him.
Dean smiled at him sadly, leaning into him, knowing the weight of Cas’ ghost wasn’t on his shoulders alone to bear. Castiel would help carry it too if only Dean allowed it.
Dean flashed an audacious smile and casually shrugged his shoulders in a very what-can-you-do manner. Dean was nothing if not valiant in his sexual endeavours; so it was curious as to why he would ever take such a tame approach. Unless of course he never expected he’d need to try so hard.
Castiel carefully mounted the bike and tested the feel of the handles in his hands. Dean settled down behind him, undeniably with some difficulty. The bike was not in fact designed to fit two, but Dean wouldn’t dare give Castiel the satisfaction of admitting it aloud. He was determined to make it work. Scooting in as close as possible, Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel’s waist and leaned in close so he could hear his instructions.
Castiel nodded solemnly and continued to push the cart into the next aisle. He wrinkled his nose at the contents of tins and jars that he didn’t know or understand and likely distrusted the names of. Dean grabbed what they needed, sighing and rolling his eyes at some of Sam’s specific health-conscious requests. Castiel paused suddenly, picked up a jar and turned it around in his hands. Dean continued down the aisle, leaving him behind for just a moment, before looking back only to see Castiel opening the jar, putting his hand in, and eating something.
Dean’s breath hitched again and he withdrew to meet Castiel’s eye. He quirked a curious brow, seeking some kind of clarification in his expression. Cas grinned suggestively and nodded his head toward the hallway. He slid his fingers to the head of Dean’s cock, slicking them with pre-come.
understand.
It was this, entangled with the sexual fire coursing through him, that had him melting once again into Dean’s hands though his tongue was fighting Dean’s for dominance. The hunter complied and submitted his kisses to Castiel who took rein to once again tug his lip between his teeth. Any and all patience he had had completely dwindled at being taken so entirely into Dean’s hand, and now his body was pressed flush to his with his throbbing erection somehow prodding between Dean’s legs, as if knowing on its own accord exactly where it wanted to go.
“Just promise me this, guys. Please, ask questions first and shoot later,” Sam insisted, “just the one time that I ask.”
“Next time you wake me up this early, please bring me coffee,” Castiel urged.
“What?” Dean asked nervously.
Cas was just happy to be one of those people, even if only for one night.
“I understand.”
They were endlessly fascinating and Cas found something in them that he never could with his brothers and sisters: he found family. The two of them were, to him at least, hope personified. They were unconquerable bravery and immovable passion and enviable perseverance. Even their notable flaws like their undying stubbornness and occasional carelessness and frequent bouts of unjustified self-loathing, couldn’t tarnish them in Castiel’s eyes. To him, they were everything, and he couldn’t, even after all this time, believe that they somehow still allowed him a place at their side. Oftentimes he didn’t believe he belonged there; after all the ways he had wronged them or let them down or didn’t give them his all.
“I miss you too.” Cas didn’t hesitate to say so. He’d been thinking it this entire time.
Sam set the jug of holy oil aside and stood upright. Dean fished a lighter from his own pocket and held it up for Castiel to see, waving it back and forth slowly. “We light this? You’ll never get out of here,” Dean warned him. He flicked the lighter open and poised his thumb in preparation to use it if need be.
“Cas? Where?”
“I don’t think you understand,” Castiel glared at him, “what Cas did was unforgivable. He doomed us all. You and the rest of humankind as well. Nephilim are to be destroyed before they’re born, and the angel responsible for its conception along with it. And anyone or anything that stands in the way. Cas should have been slaughtered for his betrayal—”
“Not when you’re doing that,” Dean admitted with a soft sigh.
Each time, Dean tried to convince himself:
Cas had heard voices echoing from the end of the hall the previous night, the volume swiftly amplifying as their argument became more heated. With his door closed he couldn’t quite make out the dispute in its entirety though he could paint a picture now with what he had overheard. It was a squabble that he didn’t have the energy to defuse, nor did he have a rightful place to try. He knew he shouldn’t interrupt and involve himself where he wasn’t wanted, so he simply kept his distance, hoping for it to die down on its own. Which it did. Or at least he thought it did. Dean’s sudden insistence for a road trip, just the two of them, was evidence to the contrary.
If John wasn’t working on a case, he was usually out drinking to all hours, stumbling back to their hotel and collapsing fully dressed onto his bed. Dean was always awake when this happened. He knew the dangerous life his father lived and the creatures he hunted. He was always horribly aware of the chances of John one day never coming home. It was impossible for Dean to sleep until he knew his father had returned safe—as safe as he could be in his drunk and disorderly state.
“And Cas… we’ll talk about it, okay? Just… not yet,” Dean tilted his head to peer up at Cas, his eyes soft and full of promise.
Castiel was perplexed by the thought. He had never considered himself confounding or hard to read. It often felt like Dean understood him in ways beyond even his own personal comprehension. Castiel was transparent, painfully so, or at least that’s what he’d always believed. But perhaps the barriers he had raised were made less of glass and more of stone. Maybe Dean had seen him not through a window but through just a mere crack under the door.
Castiel was perplexed. What sense did it make for him to follow the exact advice that Dean just admitted was bad? As far as he was concerned, it made no sense at all. Besides, liquor had done him no favours in the past—as limited as his experience with intoxication was. He never found the same relief at the bottom of a bottle that Dean often seemed to. And relations with women, various or not, was, quite frankly, completely out of the question. There was no real desire there, and it seemed immoral to seek out sex with no other intention than to try and evoke some kind of pleasure. He didn’t believe it would ever prove distracting enough.
. I’ve wanted to for a while now. And I hope you can forgive me for that. But I can understand if you can’t. Or won’t.”
“You’re all ready to go,” Cas announced abruptly and gestured to Dean’s bag. His voice was quiet and lost; just a faint drone of nothingness to his own ears.
lost.
Castiel gazed up at him, his brow furrowed both in confusion and in surprise. “Alright,” he agreed in a daze.
Unable to ignore him any longer, Cas got up from his chair and went to investigate. In the library, Dean was rearranging the shelves, likely out of boredom and in an attempt to self-soothe without the use of alcohol. Castiel suspected it wasn’t working since Dean’s expression still seemed forlorn as he heaved another stack of books from one side of the room to the other. He also suspected Sam would have numerous disapproving comments to share were he present to see it.
“Nothing to be sorry for,” Dean dismissed with a forced casual shrug. He opened the door quickly. “Your bath is getting cold.”
“Track him how exactly? I think he can’t be found if he doesn’t want to be.”
“You knew,” Castiel said. There was no question.
Still, to this day, Dean cherished the fond memories of a tired and worn thing. He could have replaced it, and maybe he should have, but Cas knew that he never would.
Was Castiel—
Sighing softly, he went to lightly knock on the door but then it slowly opened before his fist even touched the wood. Castiel peered out at him in confusion, the light from the television very barely illuminating him and the room. From here, Dean couldn’t make out what he was watching. But he felt a flutter of nerves just knowing what he did in his spare time—the same thing Cas used to do.
Dean nodded his head and pursed his lips a little, allowing the subject to drop though Cas could tell that he intended to bring it up again eventually, though it was hard to say when. And Castiel knew he was likely to give Dean the same response when the time came.
“We’re all going,” Sam corrected him.
“That’s not true,” Dean argued urgently.
“Sorry,” Dean shook his head and stared straight out the windshield. His fingers, tensed into claws, tapped the top of the steering wheel. “I really don’t mean to be such an asshole.”
Castiel lowered his hands, but Dean didn’t let go.
“Then we’ll sleep here in the car. Or does that make you uncomfortable all of a sudden?”
Dean shuffled in closer, his eyes closed and lips parted, almost as though he was already on the verge of sleep. Peering at Dean’s watch, Cas realised it was only three in the morning, a couple hours earlier than Dean’s usual time of visitation. Something had brought him from the comfort of his own bed to instead settle himself in the confined, overly warm space of Castiel’s.
Castiel edged his way around the countertop, his fingers tracing the surface for stability, and put a flour-dusted hand atop Dean’s clean one. Dean didn’t retract his hand, nor did he tense up the way Cas fully expected him to. He gave Dean’s fingers a gentle squeeze, testing the limits of what Dean would or would not allow. At face value, it seemed a little inane given their history and what more they had done with each other. But Cas knew that permission and comfort could be revoked and that this caress of Dean’s hand was just as intimate as anything else.
“Dean—” Sam nudged Dean’s arm, casting a glare at him.
Castiel sighed and set down another dry plate. “It’s good to be sure,” he said, feeding Dean’s own words back to him.
being ridiculous? Pot calling kettle black, don’t you think?” Dean grumbled. He focused on his phone, his hands shaking as he found Sam’s number and tried to call him. Cas watched on and slowly seated himself on the edge of the cot again. “Come on—” Dean grunted, shaking his phone and trying once more. He held the phone to his ear, his expression becoming more aggrieved as he couldn’t get through to his brother.
“The TV’s plugged in if you want to use it,” Sam said, gesturing to the television propped up on the dresser in the corner of the room—perhaps the one thing Cas had actually used.
It was impossible to recognise the song from here, though Cas doubted he would recall the name even if it happened to be playing right in his ear. He didn’t have the memory for such things. Whereas Dean could faultlessly name a tune and the artist from the opening riff alone. It was another talent of Dean’s that Cas had been surprised to discover—and had greatly admired ever since. He felt there was something truly wonderful about it.
“Try calling him again in an hour—,” Sam suggested.
Until Dean.
Sam rolled his eyes and ran a disgruntled hand through his hair. “That’s not what I meant. I’m just saying that sometimes you make something out of nothing until it becomes something. Especially when it comes to Castiel… the way it came to Cas.”
Whatever this was… whatever was robbing Castiel of light, it was surely bleeding into Dean as well.
That ache cut deeper into Dean. That void screamed at him. The invisible knife embedded in his chest twisted and burned. Dean knew all too well what love felt like—and not just the familial love he felt for Sam and for Bobby and Charlie (all people whose love for him either got them hurt or killed). Dean had also felt the other kind. The
But he never imagined such a big sacrifice, all in the name of doing the right thing.
“I think you’re fine,” Dean assessed, “no lasting damage.”
Dean climbed back into the driver’s seat and handed Castiel one of the cups of coffee. “I didn’t know how you’d like it now that you have tastebuds, or rather that your tastebuds actually work now… which is it?”
Dean groaned. “Don’t tease me. It’s not an empty threat, I promise you that.”
They laid amongst a bundle of blankets with torn strips of Saran wrap strewn around them and littered in knots at their arms and legs. The near empty bottle of hard liquor sat by Dean’s hip at a constant risk of being knocked over. Castiel’s tongue felt thick with it. His head spun with every movement, so he rested his head on Dean’s warm chest and listened to the slowly steadying beat of his heart. He traced Dean’s ribcage with his fingers, focusing on the heat of his skin and the gentle shift of his body as he breathed. Cas already felt the edges of sleep creeping in. His eyelids felt heavy and he forced back yawns with varying levels of success. He could quite easily fall asleep there, but he didn’t want to—not yet.
“What time is it?” Cas grumbled from beneath the blankets.
“It runs through a clearing not far from here. I'll show you.” He just needed time. Purgatory was an unforgiving place with flesh-tearing evils at every turn; which meant there was a chance, however slim, that he could escape their capture. Or better still, there was a chance that he could gain the upper hand and slaughter them both. And he would take his time with the hunter. After all, it was a hunter that got him there in the first place.
Castiel would fade into the abyss, solitary and lost. Whatever grasp that took his life would linger over him with menace and loathing. It wouldn’t be sweet company.
Only when the waitress returned to the table did he unwind the thread and leave it sitting on his knee. His finger flooded with red as the blood coursed back through his flesh. He watched the waitress set down his coffee and sandwich. She placed a consoling hand on his shoulder briefly before turning and leaving him to his last meal. He watched her go. When he picked up his spoon, his finger had already resumed its natural colouring.
Sam finished his appraisal and sat back. “They’re looking good.”
“Jesus, Cas, it isn’t personal,” Dean switched on the television and held the remote out to him. Cas did not take it. “You should just stay here and watch some trash TV or jack off to some porn or something. Something normal.”
“Of course, Dean. I promise.”
Dean knew that Cas would want to make his death mean something. He knew Cas would live on in his name. And that was almost comfort enough.
Finally, Dean thought, perhaps his patience had reached its end.
Castiel had died, leaving him to exist only in Dean’s memory, and in every waking moment of Dean’s thoughts. Dean always missed him. Always. No matter where he was or what he was doing, there remained the emptiness of where Cas used to be. In every action there shadowed thoughts of Castiel, reminding him he was gone, never to return.
Dean was the first to venture to his room; Castiel could tell from the sound of his heavy footsteps as he approached, and by the brash way he pushed the door open without knocking first. Sam always knocked. There was a sharp intake of breath and then a disgusted groan. Cas cautiously peered out from his cocoon of blankets and observed Dean who had his mouth and nose covered with his sleeve, his eyes wide in absolute horror.
Castiel had nodded solemnly and forced himself to swallow against the lump in his throat. “I understand.”
Dean looked up, startled. “What?”
“I can’t do it, Sammy,” Dean admitted in a whisper.
are the gassy one,” Dean can’t help but be on the defence. He hadn’t really wanted to have this conversation in the first place, and he regretted having it now that it was going just as badly as he’d expected. Really, he wished he hadn’t brought it up at all. Dean hoped Sam would let it slide, but, like with most things, he was never that lucky.
“Yep,” Dean muttered quietly and clenched his jaw.
Dean was sometimes the person that came home after all hours, falling over his own feet as he collapsed fully dressed atop his bed. And when he was this person—this person he had never wanted to be—he woke up to find the blanket tucked over his shoulder, and his socks tucked neatly in his shoes at the foot of his bed. He would watch Sam as he got up in the morning and sleepily poured them both a cup of coffee, his eyes heavy-lidded and ringed with dark circles like he hadn’t slept all night.
Though that wasn’t to say there wasn’t any joy in it. There was flavour. To everything. While he had certainly come across some he never wished to encounter again, he had similarly found many he enjoyed. PB&J sandwiches still claimed rights as his favourite—jelly, not jam (he found jam unsettling, and believed it had something to do with the texture); grape, not raspberry or strawberry or apricot; and crunchy peanut butter, not smooth. Dean had learned this early on and had often made it for him before he and Sam had left on their hunt. And Dean knew exactly how he liked it, without Cas ever having to say.
“I sense a
“Yeah. Just, uh, setting a few things straight.” Cas replied quickly, once again standing to attention, sweeping the dense conversation under the rug as if it had never happened.
“I think there are some days where you just can’t pretend to be happy,” Dean interjected, “like… some days it’s too hard and you really can’t do it anymore.”
“Dean, you do realise I could see Meg’s real face? While her vessel was perfectly attractive, I was looking at
Over the next few days, they abandoned the hotel early in search for another that had hot water. Cas, despite all his other adaptabilities, could not come to terms with a freezing shower every morning and night and took to sleeping in past midday—much to Dean’s displeasure. Trapped in the routine of four hour rests, Dean complained often of having to resist the temptation to wake Cas early despite all his warnings not to. He criticized the utter laziness of it all, and often reminded him of the hours wasted and meals missed; but Cas knew that Dean just missed him.
Dean wasn’t someone to throw away the things he loved. Instead, he kept them forever.
“How was the hunt?” Cas asked.
He and Dean spent their time in various stages of undress, never finding time nor reason to be fully clothed around the bunker. Whatever clothing they put on was always inevitably pulled off again before the day was out, their hands pulling at one another’s belts and at the buttons on their flannel shirts. With the entire bunker free for them to roam, they found themselves venturing to rooms that usually sat abandoned for months at a time. And they cleared the dust from desks and shelves with their naked bodies flush against the furniture.
“Then why did you disappear? Where were you when we fell?”
And Dean desperately hoped he was forgiven too.
“Are you going to do as I say?” Dean asked. He purposely pulled away so their bodies were no longer touching.
Castiel hesitated and diverted his gaze, “I do. But so much time as passed.”
“You’ll get shampoo in your eyes,” Cas warned.
“Do I have to remind you again, Dean, that it is 7:30?”
Dean’s hand turned in Castiel’s so they were pressed palm to palm. “It’s okay,” Dean assured him. “I wasn’t trying to—god, I wasn’t trying to accuse you. I was just checking if—” His words died away and he shook his head, tossing the notion aside like it never even mattered to him. Then he smiled, very barely, but it was there, and it reassured in the most unfathomable of ways—Castiel trusted it. He smiled very barely in return.
Castiel clearly didn’t believe him, but nodded his head nevertheless and stepped back into his room without another word. Sam fumbled with Dean’s clothes and clumsily deposited them into Dean’s arms, finally allowing him to go.
“Oh I dunno… maybe because I asked—begged—you to,” Dean looked at Castiel. His eyes hadn’t lost that dark and lethal edge, but for just a second there flickered a certain vulnerability. A quiet sadness. Something heavy and burdened that had become suffocated by the hostility. There had to be more that Dean wished to say but couldn’t. Or wouldn’t. But Cas could see it nonetheless—though unfortunately he was ultimately perplexed by it and the sight of it removed all the right words from his vocabulary.
When Castiel never brought up what happened at that portal, Dean’s guilt grew out of control. It sent his imagination into overdrive, and he assumed the worst for what Cas must think of him. Dean didn’t want it to be confirmed that he was a failure of a friend; that he let down those who depended on him most, and worse still, that he hadn’t tried to find a way back to him.
“Don’t worry about it,” Cas dismissed him, “I woke up this morning and felt cold as ice.”
But, for now at least, all was well.
portal.”
“Dean. Do you want pancakes?” Cas asked knowingly. He was sure Dean wouldn’t give in until he got his way; at least not when it came to breakfast. Or food at any time of day for that matter.
“You’re psychotic,” Cas grumbled against his lips, interrupting him.
“You could tell him,” Cas suggested.
Unfortunately, it was already low on fuel when he hotwired it and he hadn’t gotten far before the engine began to protest. The gauge was dipping precariously at empty and he huffed a quiet sigh of relief at having made it here rather than finding himself stuck in the middle of nowhere. What would he have done then? Walked the side of the road, hoping to hitchhike the remainder of the way? Or walked back the way he had come with his tail between his legs?
Castiel had to question where in his subconscious he believed he had the right to those rare restful nights. How could he possibly grant himself any peace when his brothers and sisters were out there lost and barricaded from Heaven?  Whenever a dream was followed by a subsequent nightmare, Cas took the onslaught of panic deservedly—gripping the sheets in trembling hands and allowing the dead weight to fall upon his chest. Though, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t keep it from alleviating. Eventually, he could breathe again and the heat left his face, and his sweat turned cold. By the time morning came, it had dried, almost as if nothing had ever happened. But of course, the pattern would repeat itself all over again a mere few hours later.
Castiel was lost. There was nothing easy about it. But Dean made it feel right.
type then?”
“What are we going to do with him? I mean, we can’t just let him go,” Sam said, mostly thinking aloud to himself. “The only thing I can think of is to take him back to his own world…”
“Well now I just feel dirty,” Dean cringed, pretending to shudder, and he looked back at the TV in mock interest at what was actually happening on the screen. Cas knew that if he were to ask Dean what the show was about, he wouldn’t be able to give an answer; especially not the right one.
“Humour me, Cas. If you had the chance to be an angel again, would you take it?” Dean pleaded and finally looked at him.
“You didn’t. You might have scared him half to death, but…”
“Would breakfast make you feel better?” Dean asked.
“I came back early,” Dean explained, pleased with himself. “Sam’s staying in Sioux Falls with Jody for a while to clear some stuff up.”
Cas peered at Dean’s small desk and at the contents that were neatly placed on top and then knelt down to open the drawers. He couldn’t honestly remember where Dean had told him the tapes were, whether they were in his desk or his bedside table, and which drawer of the three in each. It felt wrong, but Cas was reduced to trial and error as he opened the first, the second and then the last without success. Dean’s desk drawers were more cluttered for the most part—the contents of some almost seemingly tossed in without much regard, with some unnameable items in the midst that Cas assumed Dean never actually used. He ensured they were all properly shut before moving to the bedside table. Within the second drawer, he found the vast collection of tapes and gathered them neatly in his arms. As he stood, two tapes fell and he winced at hearing them hit the floor, fearing he may have broken them. Immediately he bent to retrieve them, all the while taking care not to drop anymore, and noticed something peeking out from beneath Dean’s mattress. Castiel hesitated, aware that whatever Dean had stashed there likely wasn’t meant for his eyes, but his curiosity was impossible to ignore. Swiftly, he set the cassettes down and carefully pulled the mystery item free.
“My mistake. Please continue.” Castiel yawned.
“Dean,” Cas said gruffly, admitting defeat, “I can’t sleep.”
“You lost us for a while there, I’ll give you that,” Dean started. “Once I figured out which car you took from the garage, I had a stepping off point. After you dumped it though…”
Castiel sighed and laid back, ignoring the discomfort of the hard metal beneath him and the awkward angle. His arm remained loose over Dean, and his hand gracefully ran up and down his side. He felt the soft material of Dean’s shirt and then the tender warmth of his skin, and went back and forth between the two. Dean hummed and closed his eyes. Cas stared at his serenity and internally debated the sincerity of it.
He tried not to think about when Dean was going to find time to peruse that particular magazine later on during their trip. He didn’t want to have to think about what Dean must be doing if he ever happened to be in the bathroom for longer than usual or if he suddenly decided to take a short drive by himself someplace.
“What are you afraid of? We crash and you get up without a scratch,” Dean pointed out.
“Dean…” Castiel whimpered to her.
“Then what do you need me for?” Castiel asked.
“We didn’t drink vodka. Or gin,” Dean reminded him, clearly resisting every temptation to laugh.
Somehow he couldn’t let this reverie go, no matter how impossible he knew it to be.
He felt Dean flick his tongue through the slit of his cock, making him whimper as he started to feel a tightness in his stomach and testicles, and a great swelling in his erection. He was already so close and the sensation was driving him wild. He couldn’t form any words of warning for Dean; breathless moans passing his lips without restraint, and he couldn’t ease the tension forming between his shoulders as he arched again against the seat. His eyes shut at the growing frenzy, his hands tangling into his own hair to try and garner some control: but Dean had effortlessly consumed his willpower. He had nothing left to tether him to reality; because surely this was just a dream—a damn good one at that.
“Wasn’t a bright sticker like you recommended,” Cas pointed out lightly, swallowing the correct number of pills with coffee and effectively burning his tongue again. He winced and shook his head in utter disbelief that he somehow hadn’t learned from the past dozen times.
Dean dipped his head and smiled briefly, “regret it yet?”
,” he reiterated, taking a second piece and eating it.
“Sam—,”
The reminder struck him. Sometimes he forgot that the ‘great plan’ had come and gone and that he’d already changed it. He sometimes couldn’t accept that he wasn’t treading a path set out for him anymore; that even the steps Sam and Dean had once laid were now only remnants of his past. He was here now not as a servant or a martyr; Castiel was a friend, Sam’s brother, and Dean’s probably once-been lover. Though, incomplete as he was, he rarely felt like he was meeting the expectations of those roles either.
Dean hadn’t kept Castiel safe. His desire to just didn’t matter because in the end it was Ezekiel that saved him. It was just god damn luck and coincidence, and Dean couldn’t just rely on that in future.
“Okay… well, I still don’t understand.”
Dean settled himself atop the blankets and propped one of Cas’ pillows at his back, effortlessly making himself at home. Despite the rude awakening, Cas couldn’t actually find it in himself to complain. Truth be told, it didn’t matter how tired or grumpy he was. He could curse the insufferable hour but never Dean’s company. Cas knew that he would always welcome Dean with open arms—his presence in the room was a comfort.
Castiel withdrew only to draw breath and slicked his hand over Dean’s member with a consistent pace that drew a new set of curses from Dean. The hunter was completely at his mercy and begged further for Cas to fuck him, now urging him more insistently as if entirely desperate to feel all of him.
Dean didn’t want to remember how he had faced a fragmented-minded Castiel and told him:
“Cas, are you going to make me beg?” Dean breathed out, his eyes pleading.
“What do you mean?”
“Just start small, Cas,” Dean sighed finally. “What makes you happy?”
Castiel was hesitant. He took no issue with sharing his bed with Dean, not even if he were to take all the covers or more than his fair share of the mattress. It didn’t matter if Dean were to snore loudly in his ear or kick him in his sleep. Quite honestly, and perhaps pathetically, Cas was willing to give Dean whatever he wanted, especially whenever he was drunk or ill. Cas felt the natural instinct to take care of Dean like he was his… well, like his guardian angel. Maybe once upon a time, Castiel was something akin to that, but those days had long since passed them. The truth of the matter was, had Cas really been a guardian, he had been a piss poor one. He had done little more than complicate the Winchesters’ lives; Dean’s in particular. No amount of care and attention now could ever remedy that, though that didn’t keep him from trying.
“Dean?” Cas asked tentatively, hesitating in the doorway of the bathroom, one hand clasping his towel and the other clutching the bundle of clothes to his chest.
It was the first time in a long time that Castiel had been offended by the word.
“When have I ever been normal, Dean?”
Castiel held Cas’ Bible out to him, waiting patiently, knowing that Dean would eventually take it. Because how could he not? It was the one thing Cas had left behind. It was the place where Cas had kept a happy memory—maybe one of the happiest. It was where Cas had placed that photograph, protecting it and the moment it captured safe from ever perishing.
He didn’t bother trying to read it now as he waited in the car, instead watching Dean as the hunter trailed through the store, filling up a basket with various packets and containers. Eventually he emerged with multiple bags on each arm and a case of beer clutched in his hand. Cas quickly opened the magazine and pretended to have been reading it the entire time rather than watching the hunter, but Dean just laughed as he got into the car. Castiel glanced over the top of the magazine, confused as to what was so funny, and then Dean reached forward, took the magazine from his hands, and turned it the right way up.
The chains around Castiel’s middle finally slipped free and he stood, striding forward as far as the chains would allow. He stopped at the ring of holy oil—that Sam and Dean had regularly been redrawing each time it dried—with his toes just barely touching the line. Dean retrieved his lighter and set it aflame, holding it threateningly above the oil. Castiel remained still for a moment, solid like stone, before finally withdrawing a couple steps. He understood what little good it did him to fight back—Dean still had the upper hand.
The angels had come for him.
“I need it.” Dean’s smile quickly faded.
Sam’s phone suddenly rang and he stood upright to answer it. “Hey, Jody,” Sam said, peering at Dean. Sam lowered the phone to his chest to muffle the speaker. “Dean, stay here for a minute, okay? I’ll be back soon.”
“I was a soldier. I am a perfectly competent combatant,” Cas reminded him firmly.
“I love you too,” Dean breathed out, “I really freaking love you. Even when you don’t believe it, I do love you.”
They both fell quiet and all that could be heard was the faint buzzing of someone’s television a room or two over and the dripping of the shower tap in their bathroom. Castiel squirmed a little and swallowed hard against a lump in his throat. Almost cautiously, he turned to look at the shadow of Dean beside him. Dean, who so often permeated a false air of self-assurance, now seemed timid. The hunter was uncharacteristically quiet when often times before he had made a point of making a quippy remark of some kind—most referencing things Castiel didn’t understand. Cas wished he would say something—anything—that could enlighten him as to whether it was okay to move in closer.
“Cas… promise me something,” Dean breathed once they parted.
More and more, Castiel was able to see beauty in this impermanent existence. He recognised time as this fleeting thing and found that it made life itself into something precious and worthy of care. And graceless, he saw more in Dean than he ever had before; and that, he realised, was irreversible—never mind where he and Dean would find themselves in the next five, ten or thirty years.
Castiel sat in his chair, leaning forward with his elbows digging into his thighs, his head held in his hands. The cuffs slid slightly down his wrists. “You’re right,” he whispered.
Cas’ name belonged there.
“Yeah, but I can guess. I’m pretty good at guessing,” Dean rebuked.
“That’s real rich coming from you,” Dean muttered, then immediately looked guilty for saying it.
