Dean tossed and turned, settling for staring at the ceiling. Rain pounding against his window, the words idiot, dumbass, bitch, piece of shit, echoing in his head. He didn’t mean for that to happen. He wasn’t even sure he meant to apologize, but he started walking and ended up on Cas’s back stoop. He rehearsed what he was planning on saying. ‘I just wanted to say I’m sorry. Alright see you at school!’ there was no way for that to come out smoothly he realized. Then there he was, his blue eyes trained on Dean, waiting for an apology. Against his better judgement, he had walked in the back door. Then next thing he knew he was watching Cas and aching to kiss him, his head was screaming GET OUT GET OUT. But he ignored his head and crashed into him again. Dean wasn’t a queer. That much he knew, he liked women. He liked Pamela. He pushed Castiel out of his mind, the thought of the other boy made him nauseous.
Dean’s clock buzzed eight pm, he groaned and rolled out of bed. He lifted his window and threw his legs out, sliding out and into the backyard, where he shut it quietly behind him. Leaving it cracked enough to get back in without waking anyone up. If he got busted for this there’d be hell to pay. He tapped lightly on Sam's window. His head popping up through the curtains.
Dean awoke the next morning, head throbbing painfully and throat sore from throwing up. He ran his hands over his face and pulled them out in front of him to examine the damage. The nail marks had dried blood caked in them and the concrete scrapes had lost a layer of skin. Rustling in the kitchen let him know that Sammy was awake. He groaned and stretched as he pulled himself out of bed, landing on his feet and running his hands through his hair. Fuck. Remembering last night, he slumped back to his bed. His hands gripping at Cas’s hips, pulling him closer until they were breathing the same air. Fuck! He had kissed him didn’t he. Dean couldn’t even say it wasn’t his fault, he had pushed the other up against the wall. He tried to shake the image of Cas’s eyes shut tight, waiting for Dean. Grabbing a hoodie and throwing it over his head. He left his room.
Before he could find the words, Dean had pushed Castiel up against the brick wall and leaned in close, barely an inch separating them. Cas’s breath hitched in his throat, waiting for Dean to make a move one way or another. Letting his hands settle at Castiel’s hips, Dean’s eyes drank him in. Dark hair tousled and jaw tilted forward, anticipating, it was too much for him to take in his intoxicated state. Dean kept him pinned to the wall and tilted his face into Cas’s neck, his breath hot on the other’s neck. The November air crisp and cool, but they didn’t notice. Dean looked up, searching for those blue eyes but they sere closed shut. His eyes drifted down to Cas’s lips, and he kissed him hard. Their lips clashed, and Cas’s hand grabbed at Dean’s shirt, pulling him closer.
“Huh? I guess…” Gabriel trails off.
“No one. Mind your business.” He picked up the pace.
Dean watched him head back into the loud hallway, before following suit. He met Benny and everyone back at their lunch table, Garth wearing a ridiculous sweater vest that made Dean gag. They were all laughing and goofing off. He glanced to the other side where Cas sat with Gabriel, Anna and a few other friends that he didn’t recognize before sitting down in between Jo and Garth.
“I can’t wait till you turn eighteen.” His voice quiet, “So we can leave.” Dean only nodded.
After school, Cas caught Dean by the elbow and dragged him off to the side of the school.
As abruptly as it started, Dean pulled back, his head spinning. He took a few steps back and then threw up in the grass. Cas stood against the brick, wiped his hands on his jeans and reached out to Dean. Who was still busy throwing up the contents of his stomach. He set a hand softly on Dean’s back, with more gentleness than Dean had expected. He finished and stood up shakily, shrugging Cas’s hand off his back. In a sudden wave of clarity, he put as much distance as he could between them. His feet pounded against the pavement, and ignored Cas calling for him. He didn’t stop running till he got to the train tracks that ran perpendicular to Main Street.
“Dean! Hey man, my parents are gonna be out of town this weekend,” Benny started, “It was gonna be just me and Billie but if you wanna come and bring, your girl then you can come and I’ll see if Jo Garth and Donna want to come, make it a party.”
Dean shot up. What the hell was he thinking? He didn’t know why Cas irked him so bad. He ran his hands over his face, rolled over, and tried not to think at all.
“Uh, hey,” In his pocket, his fingers reached instinctively for his ring. “sorry, didn’t know you were out here.”
“So where are you taking me?” He had been waiting for this all day and his curiosity was piqued.
Friday finally came, little to no problems, until now. Dean and Sam walked in the door and John was immediately on their asses, bitching at them for leaving the back door unlocked, as though they had anything worth stealing, and the water had been shut off. Dean shoved Sam into the hallway as John’s fist swung at the nearest body landing in Deans stomach before his cheekbone, sending white pain through his left eye. John shoved him around like that for a few minutes before Dean shook him away and bolted to his room, throwing his back against the door behind him. John still yelling about Dean running away like a bitch, and how they were good-for-nothing pieces of shit.
“Ah fuck!” Cas poked his head up and grabbed Gabriel’s ankle, but he was one step ahead and dove in. But, unlike Cas, he had a swimsuit. “Dammit man.” He was soaking, his hair slick to his head and shirt suctioned to his chest. Damn. Dean reminded himself to thank Gabriel later. The teens busted out in laughter and started splashing each other mercilessly. Clothes tight against his skin, Cas hauled himself out of the pool teeth chattering in the cold air. Dean pulled himself out too, walking to where Cas stood, his own skin screaming in protest of the cold.
“It’s fine,” Dean pushed her hair behind her ear and leaned in, “In fact I’m great, thanks to you.”
He looked towards the kitchen where Mrs. Lafitte was cleaning up, Mr. Lafitte and the kids were upstairs assembling a new gift. “I came by on Sunday.” Cas said dumbly.
“We don’t have to go if you don’t want to,” Benny said, pulling Dean aside. “It’s up to you.”
That May, Dean, Cas, and all their friends graduated. Throwing their caps into the air. Dean never thought he’d make it so far, let alone graduate. Cas was over so often that they had decided that he should just move in, though both Sam and Dean made a deal to not let him make the food, it never turned out quite right. But it always made them laugh. They settled into a routine, Cas crawling over Dean to go for a run in the morning, and Dean up and making breakfast by the time he got back. Sammy still had three more years of school before he graduated but he was settled on the idea of going to law school. So, Dean worked at the garage and saved every penny, planning to move to California with Sam and Jess, and he didn’t have to ask Cas about going with, he would’ve gone to the ends of the Earth so long as Dean was there.
“Dean, why do you always got to get in fights? You look like shit.”
“Yea! Uh yea but I don’t know if I can fix this!” She closed her eyes and cleared her head. “Benny go get the first aid kit, Garth get a cold rag, and Jo, get some painkillers because this is gonna hurt like a bitch.” Dean couldn’t even focus his vision, but he could feel Billie wiping at the blood on his face, careful to not hit his eye. He could feel his hands shaking fiercely but he couldn’t stop them no matter how hard he tried. Billie had his face cleaned up as best she could without touching his eye and turned back to the other three with a look that Dean wasn’t sure what it meant.
The empty didn’t waste any time taking them, tendrils grabbing onto Billie and Cas, and Dean getting wrapped up in it all. He had never experienced anything like it. The cool slime pulling the trio into itself. He hadn’t expected the Empty to be so, empty. Dean woke up on the ground, his eyes open but seeing nothing. He felt his way around blindly, calling for Cas, for help, anyone. Humans weren’t supposed to be in the empty so there was no way for him to be able to be kept asleep in it.
“I’m not,”
Monday morning, Dean got to first period early, hoping to catch Cas before people started funneling in. Dean sat for twenty minutes, digging his nail into the groove in his desk. Instinctively, Dean went to reach for his back pocket before stopping himself, you can’t just light one up in class. He twisted his ring and ran his hands over his face, it was two till and Cas still hadn’t come in. Shit, he thought to himself, Castiel’s probably told half the school by now. He’ll have told them all and his friends will stop talking to him and his dad will find out, if he hasn’t already. Jo sat down beside him, with more energy than anyone should have on a Monday morning. She had begun to talk about Billie and how she had a thing, and how excited they were for the formal. She went on and on about how the girls would probably go as a group. He had hoped that hearing her drone on and on would distract him, but no go.
“Two!” He could never wait for one, his lips crashed into Cas’s like it was the only thing that mattered.
“I’ll be okay, just wobbly is all. I haven’t slept, eaten or drank anything in… a long time.” Dean hauled him up, throwing his arm over his shoulder and they headed to a nearby diner. There was nobody around, the fryers were still going and there was half eaten meals strewn across the tables, but no people.
“Heya Sammy.” He steadied his breath, “I’m fine.” Sam eyed the injuries on his face, luckily the ones on his chest, stomach and arms were hidden, Benny had given him a hoodie. “I was at Benny’s.”
“I know.” Cas could hear his heart pounding in his chest, threatening to jump out. It was as if they both had the same idea and the pair crashed into each other, Dean’s free hand at Cas’s waist, the other setting the mug on the counter behind him before tangling itself in the nape of Cas’s neck. They breathed quickly, trying to stay quiet. Cas let his hands grasp at Dean’s shirt, pulling him closer like he did all those nights ago. Dean planted kisses along his jaw, and bit hungrily along Cas’s collarbone. Feeling the desperation and Dean’s heart pounding beneath his fingertips, Cas pulled back only inches from Dean. He was biting his lip, his eyes opened slowly at Cas’s hesitation, searching for a reason. And Cas bit his lip forcing a groan out of Dean’s throat that Cas smothered with his own mouth. The coffee sat forgotten behind them and the wind whistling through the yard. They both stopped abruptly, hearing car door slam shut from the front yard, announcing Gabriel’s return home.
“Hey, you’re kinda friends with him, right?” Jo asked, startling Dean from his thoughts. “Do you know who it is?”
After class he saw Benny in the hall, Billie’s arms around his neck. Rare is the moment they are apart.
“Fine. But we are pooling our cash together because if we are gonna need a few rooms, its not gonna be free. “
Later that night, after Benny had enough of his family, he came down and talked about it. Careful to not mention Dean’s family. They played on the new game system Benny had gotten on the basement TV and Benny had gone back upstairs. And just like that, Christmas was over.
“I’m fine,” he searched for a reason to step away, “Do you want some punch?” She didn’t have time to do anything but watch him hurry away towards the snack table. She huffed and made her way over to Jo and the girls.
Dean was grateful for that reaction, and they started yelling for the Empty.
“Well, we were holed up in the dungeon, and Billie came a knocking. We had a sigil set up, but she came through. The Empty came for her and Cas, and I hitched a ride.” Dean ran his hand across the back of his neck sheepishly.
“Hey man, you alright?” Benny knew without asking what had happened to his eye, his old man was hardly better, never physical but man he threw a fit when he started dating Billie.
“Dean, I’m sorry I left. I should’ve stayed, helped, something.” His voice cracked.
“Nah, I’ve got three other brothers. They won’t be back till late though.” Cas watched Dean take the mug to busy his hands, knuckles still raw from the other day.
Inside, Billie had the stereo set up with loud music, and kitchen stocked with food, small gathering my ass. Billie had her arms draped loosely around Benny’s neck, moving with the music. And of course, Ash never failed to disappoint, carrying in a few bottles of liquor. Not far behind him was Jody and Donna, each with a pair of six packs from Ash’s trunk.
Dean and Benny climbed into his truck, snacks in hand. Deans faded blonde hair was spiked up at the front and he was wearing a long-sleeved shirt, covering up the bruises along his arms that still hadn’t faded. Benny popped in the Zeppelin Cassette tape and turned it up, watching Dean carefully out of the corner of his eye. He noticed Dean wasn’t doing so hot. He hadn’t been getting much sleep, or much to eat, and wasn’t talking a whole lot. Not that he’d be too far off himself if his dad beat him half to death. Before too long, they pull into Billie’s driveway.
“Goodbye Castiel.” Dean opened the door for him and saw the hurt in Cas’s face as he turned back on the porch steps. He had never called him Castiel. Mrs. Lafitte caught Dean before he went back into the basement.
“Oh, I don’t know. We aren’t really that close of friends.” He fidgeted with his ring below his desk.
The stars shone softly against Cas’s face, his sea blue eyes staring up at him. Dean cupped Cas’s jaw in his hands, gazing over every inch of his face. The kids in the living room had started counting down from ten. They didn’t know, but Donna had seen them exit to the back porch, smiling to herself and pulling Jody in closer. Dean glanced back towards the house and pulled Cas closer, as if he was afraid he’d slip off into the night if he didn’t hold him here. He slid his hands to their spot in the nape of Cas’s neck. They both leaned in until they were breathing in the same air, lips brushing gently together.
“Maybe Chuck missed us?” Cas looked out the window and sighed at the empty parking lot. “We should get to the bunker, maybe Sam’s there. And you should be less reckless with yourself now that I can’t heal you.”
“I don’t know! It was fine I guess!” Dean could tell Sam liked Jess and he’d teased him about it all year, about Sam not having the balls to ask her out after 7 months of following her around like a puppy.
“Did you see Hannah’s face; she was practically fumin’!” The front door opened and in rushed Gabriel and Cas, the cold air bitter behind them. “I can’t believe it though! You two, people were whisperin’ about his wild girlie!” She kept her voice quiet, but she couldn’t help the excitement.
“I couldn’t leave him Sammy. He said, he said everything.” Sam raised his eyebrow, leaning back in his chair. “Then we got taken and I searched for what felt like months to find him again.”
When he pushed open the front door, a wave of music and chatter hit him. Jo and Garth had already had a few drinks and were talking loudly and laughing louder in the living room. This was his favorite thing to walk into, so he picked up a cup and fit right in. He watched Garth lose an arm-wrestling match against Benny, which was not surprising. Benny lifted weights and Garth was built like a spaghetti noodle. He knocked back the last of his first cup and headed to the kitchen for a refill.
“Ah, your reputation precedes you. The older Winchester, bad boy with a heart of gold, killer of monsters, loved by angels, some more than others, and stubborn as a bull. You know, Cas talks in his sleep sometimes?” Dean flinched at his name. “He’ll call out for you. I keep all these things asleep in here but they’re not quite dreaming, closer to reliving their worst moments. Cassy here, is reliving the moments where he was brainwashed by Naomi. You know he was forced to kill thousands of Deans in heaven? He couldn’t do it the first two hundred times, but he’d cry less and less each time.”
Hannah gasped and turned to Cas quickly, “Did you do that to him? Oh my God I didn’t know,”
“He’ll become god eventually, I guess. He said he’d come back to see us but Amara had to ease him into the job. Everyone’s back Dean. We did it.”
_____
“See you Monday?” She leaned in for a kiss, but Dean just looked out the window. Pamela planted a kiss on his shoulder and nodded, closing the truck door behind her. He watched her walk in and then pulled off into the night, heading to Benny’s to drop the truck off.
“Hey Billie!” Benny gives her a peck on the cheek and Dean tightens his lips and sticks a hand up
“I don’t believe you.”
“Go back to sleep.” He kisses Dean on the shoulder and slides out the window, shutting it gently behind him. Dean falls asleep before he can miss the warmth of Cas’s legs tangled with his and his arm slung across his waist.
“God, I hope never.” There was an itch in the back of his mind, his father calling him a faggot, worthless, coward, but Cas made them dissipate, pushing his mouth on his.
They didn’t talk much during the ride, just the sound of the tires on blacktop as they sped to Lawrence, about four hours in, Cas finally broke the silence.
“I’m just in the mood to go for a drive, that’s all.” Cas grabs a towel and wipes off his hands, grabbing the keys and his jacket before heading out the front door. Leaving Gabriel confused in the kitchen. Cas pulls his jacket tightly around his body and heads around to the back, ducking below the windows to avoid getting caught. He finds Dean sitting on the back porch, staring off into the tree line, a cigarette already lit between his lips.
Inside the gym, kids were swaying with the beat of the music, some gathering around the edges talking with friends. Pam hooked her arm around Dean’s and pulled him into the dance floor moving her hips carelessly to the rhythm. Dean wasn’t a bad dancer, he’d never admit it, but he was pretty good. They moved in sync and he spun her around, twirling her skirt in a hypnotizing view, the glitter reflecting the lights. Just over her shoulder, Dean saw him sitting on the bleachers, drinking deeply from a plastic cup. Cas was tapping his foot to the song and keeping an eye on Alfie, who had managed to get trapped in a circle of other freshmen. Gabriel was there too, making his way through the crowd to dance with Rowena, a transfer from Scotland. But Cas sat under the blue lights, complimenting his eyes as they saw Dean and held his gaze. Dean looked down and held onto Pam by her waist, changing pace when a slow song came on. When he looked back up, the other boy had disappeared. Not long after that, Dean had lost his train of thought, and was looking everywhere but the girl in front of him.
“I’m still your father. I won’t be ran out of my own house by a couple of fags.” Dean scoffed.
The fridge door slammed shut with a bang in the kitchen made them both freeze in fear. Dean was too scared of getting up to lock the door out of worry that they would hear it and try to come in. There was shuffling in the hall and then he heard his father’s door click shut. Then silence. Cas noticed the fear on his face, knowing where half of his bruises and black eyes had come from without asking. Dean’s eyes and ears still trained at the door, he felt Cas put a hand on his chest to calm him down.
“You. What the hell is wrong with you?” John’s face was pulled into a scowl, and liquor fresh on his breath. “Can you not fuck up one damn thing! At a school fucking dance?!” At this point Dean zoned out, allowing his body to sit on autopilot, imagining anywhere else. Distantly, he could hear John shouting profanity at him and shoving him around, but he did nothing to defend himself. He thought of the creek, water splashing gently over stones and crawdads squirming to get under a rock. A breeze would blow, rustling his hair into his eyes. From far away he could hear a lawnmower and felt the summer sun smiling warmly on him in between the tree’s leaves. Dean could almost feel someone behind him reaching out to touch him when John’s hand ran across his face like a whip.
“Nothing, just zoned out.” Which wasn’t a lie. “Did you see Gordon?”
“Stop it! You’ll kill him!” Sammy ran in and was pulling at John’s arms to stop him, but he just flung him away. “You piece of shit!” He grabbed Dean by the arm, “Get the hell out of my house!” John grabbed his clothes from the floor and threw Dean out on the front yard on his ass, chucking his clothes out after him. Dean felt the dew wet grass against his bare back and listened to John’s screaming from outside the house. It was a wonder the cops hadn’t been called.
On Monday, Dean waited until he saw his dad leave for work to go back to his house. He pushed the front door open and walked in, scaring the shit out of Sam, who was fixing breakfast for himself.
“Thanks.” Dean could only stare in amazement that Cas cared for him like that. “I wish we could run away, not worry about any of this anymore.” Cas pulled him into a hug and held him tightly against himself.
He shrugged off his jacket and threw down his cigarette, stepping on it and pulling himself off the stoop. Dean slid his window up and let himself onto the floor gently, shutting it behind him. He didn’t even take his boots off and he fell asleep thinking about the blue-eyed boy without meaning to.
“When did Benny say she would get here?” Jody hollered from the other room.
“Donna, don’t you dare bring this up to me again.” And with that, he turned on his heel and headed back to the party, chugging down another beer before continuing to talk to Megan. Donna could only watch it happen. Not too long after, Gabriel and two of his brothers walked in. Cas among the ones who came. Dean pointedly did not look up at him when he entered, rather, leaned in closer to Meg, breathing in her cheap flowery perfume. And trying not to choke on it. Instead of walking up to Cas and throwing his arms around him, he pulled in Meg closer and took a shot. He hated the way she smelled, and her laugh flittering around his head. He started to get nauseous at how overwhelming it was and excused himself to the restroom, where he drank greedily from the faucet and pushed his sleeves up, splashing cool water on his face. Fuck’s sake. He saw how he looked in the mirror when he wasn’t putting up this confident ladies’ man routine. He looked like shit. His eye was a muted purple, his hands shaking and sweaty, the bruises on his arms making him sick to his stomach. He avoided throwing up and sat on the edge of the bathtub, head in hands.
“I love you too.”
Around eight, the group began to gather their things and head to the high school, where the parking lot was steadily filling up. Teachers with flashlights directed cars and tapped on windows of kids trying to make out before heading in. Dean had driven on the way, hand firmly on Pamela’s thigh, and she didn’t mind. Until he saw Cas. He was heading into the gym from the parking lot, his younger brother Alfie talking his ear off. Dean pulled his hand away and planted it on the steering wheel, pulling into a spot.
“Winchester, I better see you put a stop to this behavior. And on school property, mind you!” She sighed. “You know we are going to have to call your father for this.”
“I wonder who that could be.” Dean felt a twinge of guilt but pushed it aside to laugh at Cas. “Come on, can’t be that bad. Let me see.” Dean pawed at Cas’s collar, unbuttoning the top two buttons and looking at his work.
“That kiss.” Cas was still facing away from him, fiddling with his crucifix. “Did you mean it?”
Dean hesitated, considering telling Benny what had been on his mind, but he couldn’t bring himself to. “No,” Then Billie pushed the door open, effectively ending the conversation. “I’ll catch you guys later?” to which Benny nodded and Dean headed back downstairs.
“The fight Dean, last Thursday, the school called. Dad picked up.” Sam looked at the ground. “I’m sorry.”
“Saturday, 6.” He echoed.
The bell rang and Dean watched as Cas quickly shoved his books in his bookbag and hurried out into the hallway. Huh.
“You don’t have to apologize for everything,” He didn’t mean to say it, but he meant it, so he kept going. “It wasn’t all, uh painful.” Dean looked up and raised an eyebrow. His breath coming out in clouds, “Do you want to come in or something?”
Sam shrugged, “Someone better tell her that then.”
“Eh it’s alright, I wasn’t doing anything better.” Cas sets down a stack of plates on the counter without facing Gabriel. He’s itching to get outside to where Dean is waiting for him. “Uh, can I borrow the car?”
“What? Oh yea, you’re havin’ a thing out by the old bridge this weekend, right?”
“I don’t know man, probably nothing.” He took a deep breath. Without looking up he asked, “Have you ever wanted to be with someone, different?”
Dean walked along the gravel road, hands in his pockets. Not walking anywhere in particular, just to get out of the house. Sun falling quickly behind the tree line to his left. There was a flower field up ahead, of course they’d be starting to die off about now. He saw something dark in the field and strained his eyes to see what the hell it was. It was a person. Stopping, Dean let out a breath of air he didn't know he had been holding. Cas. He had a tan windbreaker on and sat criss cross in the flower field, his back to Dean. Dean hesitated, “Fuck.” It’d be like he was avoiding Cas if he turned around but maybe he had time before he was seen. His feet betrayed him and kept of walking forward, letting his boots crunch the gravel to announce himself. He could pretend that he didn’t see Castiel.
By the time people are starting to get rowdy, Benny and Billie had disappeared off towards the cars, and Donna and Jody hadn’t realized that they were the only ones in their conversation and were talking so fast it made Dean’s head spin. The more his eye pulsed, the more he drank. Jo nudged his side and Dean saw him almost as fast as she did, Gordon. He always had trouble with Dean. And more often than not, for no reason. They always picked fights with each other, at this point it was almost instinct to save up all their frustration with their lives and take it out on the other, but tonight was not the night.
“You’re lucky I don’t shave your head. That hair makes you look like some sort of faggot.” He flicked a beer tab onto the side table and knocked it back, his stubble making him look even older than he was. His hands were still filthy from the garage today. Dean grimaced and headed out the door, careful not to slam it behind him. The last thing he needed was John dragging him back in to kick his ass. He pulled a smoke out of his pocket and sucked on it until Cas’s car pulled off on the street. The old car’s squeaky brakes making him chuckle. He threw his cigarette down, stomped it out and walked up to the car.
“You stupid son of a bitch, what did you do now?” Pam. She pushed Benny out of the way and pressed a cold rag against Deans face.
Finally, Dean headed home. Kicking a pebble along the pavement and thumbing the lighter in his pocket. Before he even got through his window, he heard the yelling. It was going to be a long night.
“And if you wanted, you could stay at my place if you’re dad’s being a pain in the ass, Sam too.”
Ellsworth’s was busy as all hell when they finally got seated. Benny, Billie, Jo, and Garth had met them there, securing the biggest table in the joint. They were all dressed to the nines and the mood was light. Garth kept joking and screwing around and the rest of them chatted away, wondering which songs would be played, if they should meet up after the fact. Dean lazily watched his friends, and Pamela, how her curled hair pooled at her shoulders. She’d swat him gently and look at his tie, which had since veered to the left.
“So, what brings you here, thought it was ‘No Humans Allowed’?”
“Thank fuck it’s Friday.” Gabriel appeared behind him outside of school. “I’m going to the drive in tomorrow, Raph and Zach will be at work most of the weekend I suppose. You and Alfie gonna be okay?” Gabriel was only 10 months older than Cas, but he felt it would be selfish to not make sure it was cool for Cas to keep an eye on their little brother.
“How’d you get here?” Cas hadn’t heard a car pull up.
“Hey what’s this?” Dean’s hand reached around on the floor, grabbing a small brown wrapped package that had slid out from under his seat.
“What is it?” She perked an eyebrow up and her eyes ran over his face, landing at his fading bruise.
“Dean,” He hesitated, “Dean I just saw him kicking you and then he threw you out into the yard.” He didn’t have to say it, Dean knew he was scared.
“Dean, I’m not gonna throw you out on the streets. My mom’d have my head for it anyways.” He chuckled lightly, “So, are you gonna tell me what happened?”
They found a motel after fifteen minutes of walking through the ghost town that they learned was Boulder Colorado. Cas wasted no time in kicking off his shoes and throwing off his trench coat, falling into one of the beds gracelessly. It took nothing for him to fall asleep. Dean threw a glance at him and shut the door quietly behind him. He was exhausted too but he didn’t know what day it was or if Sam was alive. He found a payphone just around the side of the building and put some coins in, dialing Sam’s cell. No go. Phone lines must be down, that’s the excuse he used to tell himself Sam was still alive. He tried once more but still nothing.
“CAS? CAS?” Dean wandered around the Empty for what felt like days, and he was beginning to see what it had meant about the mess Jack had made. It was crumbling in some areas and he could feel the creatures stirring as he walked past. Apparently, some major players had woken up and were being delt with, which meant the ground shook every half hour or so. This, in turn, shook the little leagues from their slumber. Hopefully, it would wake up Cas.
“Eh, not sure.” He hesitated, “I’ll talk to Sammy, make sure he doesn’t have anything going on with his girlfriend.”
“He didn’t, I don’t think he knew.” They sat in silence for a while, oldies playing softly on the radio. “Do you want to get food?” Hoping it would relieve the tension that filled the car. Dean stared out the window lost in thought. “Dean?”
“Am I interrupting something?” Ms. Warren tapped on Cas’s desk, startling him from his daydream. Dean was looking at him now, hiding a smirk behind his hand.
“Thank fuck for alcohol.” Gabriel hollered from the living room and grabbed a beer, the energy of the party shot up. He always was perfect in a party. His jokes always landed too.
“Dean?” Cas’s fist had loosened, but he kept his angel blade out, reaching his free hand out to pull Dean up. “What are you doing here? Why am I awake?” Dean stood up and pulled Cas into a hug, burying his face into his shoulder.
“Throw you out, of course. I am already dealing with the mess your son created. And humans don’t belong here. ‘Cosmic and otherwise neutral ground’ only.”
They froze. They had forgotten to lock the door and they were sitting damn near on top of each other, limbs a tangled mess and reeking of booze. And there was John. Cas stumbled backwards off the bed and onto the floor, blinking furiously into the hallway light. Trying to make sense of it. He looked for the words, any words, and backed up against the window.
He rolled his fingers over his knuckles and twisted his ring, listening to the birds chirp awake in the cool air. He brushed a hand over his face and got up to start the car.
Graphic injury details
“So, what are you going to do with me?” Dean made eye-contact with the not-Meg and watched its eyes roll over him curiously.
“Everything.” He pulled his face into Cas’s arm and gave it a peck, “You saved me.”
“That I felt the same.” He looked back at Sam to see his reaction before continuing. “I got us out of there and now Cas is human, and we popped back up in Colorado. I tried to call you, I thought you might’ve disappeared too.”
“Obviously, I'm not green to all this. I can swipe some from the bar, shouldn’t be too hard.
“Donna wait!” He called after her as she left. His heart was hammering in his chest, he bolted out the door, following her and catching up to her in the parking lot. “Donna I,” his voice cracked, “Donna that wasn’t what you think!”
“Thank god, I’m starving.” Dean dug into the bag, scarfing down a premade sandwich before jumping in the driver’s seat. “Car’s ready, we’re only about eight hours away from the bunker. Though it would’ve been nice if we had popped back up there.”
“Oh really? So that’s the card you’re gonna pull?” Cas shoved Dean, feeling his back beneath his own hands. “I didn’t k…” He lowered his voice, “I wasn’t the one who stumbled onto your back porch and… you know.” Dean felt the hot shame across the back of his neck and spun to catch Cas’s wrist in his hand.
“What took you so long man?” Benny unhooked his harm from across Billie’s shoulders and shoveled in a heaping pile of watered-down mashed potatoes from his plate, earning a gag from Billie. “Are you back on the prowl?” He threw a wink at Dean. Donna made no move to acknowledge the comment besides looking at Dean, Jody on the other hand looked at Donna and quickly changed the subject. He appreciated the effort, but it just made them look suspicious. Which, albeit, was ironic.
“You stupid son of a bitch! I will not have a FAGGOT living under this roof!” John’s hands swung furiously at Dean, pulling him out of bed and throwing him to the floor. Dean couldn’t do anything but keep his arms in front of his face. “You’re fucking USELESS! If you can’t even do this one thing right, then I guess I’ll have to beat it out of you!” And he did. Dean felt every kick land in his stomach, and he swore he heard a crack. John yelled about how worthless Dean was as a son, and how he wouldn’t raise him to be a ‘fucking fairy’. John finally yanked Dean’s arms away from his face and landed two hits, one in his eye and the other across his cheek. Dean’s eye started to swell almost immediately, and his stomach was threatening to expel all the alcohol he still had in his belly. He screamed about how disgusting Dean was. His head was still pounding from the liquor, and now from pain. He tried to imagine anywhere else, but his focus stayed right where he was, in the floor bleeding all over the carpet. He couldn’t even scream.
“Thank you, Amara.”
“Dean what the hell! You could’ve gotten stuck there!” Sam started protesting but let Dean finish.
“Yea,” he doubted he’d be the one to tie Pam down, she wouldn’t have minded settling down with him, and he knew it. But then he’d be stuck here forever. “That’ll be the day.”
“Should we call an ambulance? Or the police?” Billie watched Dean dry heave into the sink, wincing at the sound.
Sam walked out of his room, suit just a little too big, and had a green tie to match Jess’s dress. Dean grinned proudly at his little brother.
“You’re one to talk, mountain man.” Sam’s hair was almost to his shoulders and it was driving Dean up the wall. “Seriously, don’t be surprised if you wake up with a buzz-cut" Making Sam groan.
Dean tossed and turned for a few more hours before getting up and going for a smoke. The cool autumn air crisp against his cheeks, making them pink. He took a long drag and started walking. He got a cruel thought in his head and jogged into the drugstore, dropping his cigarette outside the door. He grabbed a jar of mayonnaise and dropped a ten on the counter.
“What for?” His voice soft and deep, tempted by sleep.
“What are you doing with him?” Cas’s voice called from beside Dean.
“Don’t do this Cas.” Not here, not now. Not like this. The Empty bubbled up behind him, and he looked back at his angel. “Cas?” Finally, the door gave, and Billie entered the dungeon, seeing them and the Empty nearing them.
“What’s the matter blondie?” Fuck it, Dean threw a punch into Gordons stomach, earning him a fist to the nose, which promptly started bleeding. Gordon threw punch after punch at Dean’s chest and stomach, and Dean hit right back harder. The two were taking all their issues out on each other and Dean hooked his leg behind Gordons sending him toppling to the ground. Fists were flying and they were cursing each other out. Dean got a few more good hits in before the teachers showed up, seeing a few of Gordons friends pulling on Dean’s elbows and pulled the two apart.
“Oh fine. Well Jess and I kissed anyways. How do people like kissing?” He scrunched his nose and blew hot air into his hands.
“So, how’s Sam doing?” Cas flipped through the menu and avoided the sticky splotches on the kids’ page.
“Shut it.”
“I’m so psyched man, you brought your trunks, right?” Benny was drumming his hands on the steering wheel to the music.
Dean froze when he walked in to see Sam, Jack and Amara around Chuck where he laid on the ground. Cas stepping out from behind him to see what was going on.
“He didn’t hurt you, did he?” Dean looked for any bruising or sign of injury.
“Why does this sound like a goodbye?” Dean eyes were watering, and he looked over Cas’s face.
“Do you guys want to meet at Donna’s? I think her parents just installed a tv in their basement, she said keep it small though.”
“Don’t worry,” He said, “No hard feelings about killing me. So, had your pet angel been checked in?” And he was pleased with the nerve it struck as Dean made a face. “Ohh, I see. You never could let death be the end. You do know that the Empty isn’t going to let you just waltz on out of here with your angel, don’t you?”
“Just stay in your room and try to stay out of Dad’s way.” Dean shook his head and walked towards the corner, just out of view of his house, pulling a cigarette out of his pocket.
“What?” He ran his fingers through it and wheeled around, looking at his reflection in the window. “FUCK!” Staring back at him, slack-jawed was a boy with bleach-blonde hair. He whipped the front door open and ran after Sam, who darted past him for the front door, pushing past Pamela and snickering the whole way.
“Sam, Jack.” Amara stood at the end of the table watching them jump to their feet. “Oh, how the tables have turned. I bet this is how this went when you teamed up with my brother to kill me, isn’t it?” Her pantsuit a sleek fit that stood starkly against the browns of the bunker.
“Yea, are you dropping me off?” he asked, climbing into the front seat.
“Not here.” Dean watched as he paced around him, it made him uneasy.
“I don’t know,” He ran a hand across the back of his neck. “And I don’t have a girl.”
“Well, baby this isn't a doctor's office if you couldn’t tell, you dumbass.” She pressed it gingerly to his eyebrow, as he winced he noticed Jo looking pissed off and muttering something to Billie. He looked back at Pam; her hazel eyes focused on the cuts on his face, careful to not hit his eye that was turning a disgusting shade of purple.
“Ha, only as long as my dad stops joking about making me pay rent, and actually does it.” He frowned and took a swig of beer.
“Yes.” Cas turned his back to Dean and stared straight ahead, “I was just watching the bees.” What the fuck? Dean wasn’t scared of bees, but he had no desire to hang around them. Cas turned and saw the hesitation in his face and waved him over. “They won’t sting you; I promise.”
“Dean!” Pamela appeared from the kitchen, soda in hand. “I thought you’d never make it.” She brushed her fingers through Dean’s hair and kissed him on the mouth, his hand glided down to her waist.
Dean pushed Sam into his first period and shoved his hands in his pockets, not caring about the other kids glancing at his face in the hallway. He hardly noticed anymore, and they were hardly surprised. Even the freshmen were mostly unfazed by Dean walking into the school looking like he had been mauled by a bear, and Gordon wasn’t much worse off than himself. Dean saw Castiel in the hallway, facing his locker, digging something out of the bottom. Dean watched the way his shoulders moved, and dark hair curled where his collar met his neck. Cas started to turn, feeling eyes on him, and Dean looked away, searching for Pamela in the crowded hall.
About 30 minutes from Lawrence, it was like the Earth switched back on. Suddenly, cars that weren’t occupied were. And there was people walking on the streets as they passed through town, continuing like nothing had changed. Dean and Cas could only stare in awe of the people walking around before glancing at each other. They sped the whole way back, only now they had to stop at lights and watch out for other cars. Finally, they pulled up to the bunker, where the impala was parked, and Dean gave Cas a look before practically bolting in.
“Yea, bad dream is all.” Their whispers barely heard by each other, and definitely not by the other three guys. “Sorry if I woke you.” As Dean laid back down, he felt Cas tracing circles into his forearm. His breath hot against his shoulder, Dean thought his heart might beat out of his chest. What if someone woke up and saw? It was bad enough that Donna had interrupted earlier. Dean soon felt Cas fall still, his breathing evening out with sleep and his hand heavy over Dean’s arm. He turned his head and traced the outline of Cas with his eyes, falling asleep to the lull of the other boy’s breath.
“Hey.” Dean can feel the way they watch him and he fucking hates it. “Can you two stop looking at me like I’m a kicked puppy?”
“Yea, we aren’t kids you know. Alfie’s a freshman. And you and I are the same age.”
“For...?” He must've missed a conversation in English, till it clicked. “Oh shit! That was today?” It was a party at Billie’s, only their friends would be there. Her parents had left town for the weekend, to go see her older sister at college. Pamela would be there too; they had talked about going to the Fall Formal, so Dean guessed that had finished the discussion. He knew she was pulling away, but he didn’t mind, because he felt he was too.
“I probably shouldn’t.” But he made no move to leave.
“Am I going to eat all this myself?” Sam shot Dean a quizzical look, “Hurry up, it’ll get cold.” Sam and Dean scrambled to their feet and saw him unpacking a bucket and digging into the rolls. “Grab some plates Dean.” They settled at the table; the boys almost confused at how normal John was acting. They ate in silence and Dean thought about what he would be thankful for, KFC for starters. He was grateful to have good friends, and Sammy. He even supposed that Castiel wasn’t so bad, which frightened him and made him glance nervously at John. Half expecting him to hear Dean’s thoughts and toss him to the street on principal. He stopped himself from thinking about Cas any further than that, worried that his dad would see right through him.
Amara showed up right on time, pulling her hand to hover over Jacks chest.  “He’s strong.” She let out a breath and started to summon Chuck.
“You’re keeping my grace?” Cas asked, now facing the Empty.
“Dean?” He heard a voice mumble from outside the door before pushing the door open softly. He scrambled to pull his sleeves down and wipe his face off, it was Cas. He closed the door behind him. “Hey,” He glanced at Dean’s arms, only half covered by his sleeves, “Oh god.” He grabbed his hands before he could pull away and dropped to his knees. “Dean I’m so sorry, it’s all my fault.” Dean saw the crucifix missing from his neck.
“Dean, you smell like smoke.” Benny frowned. “You can take the basement if you want. My parents will be home later today, and I’ll try and figure out what to tell them.
“I’m sorry Dean.” Sam’s puppy dog eyes wet with tears.
“Church?” Dean poked his head up, eyeing his little brother. “What are you a Christian now?”
“I mean I didn’t, this isn’t a thing.” He leaned back against Benny’s truck, running his face over in his hands. “How do you know?” avoiding her eyes, he realized he was still in his swimming trunks, towel abandoned in his room.
“It is, usually.”
The steady rumble of the engine buzzed through Dean’s hands and he pulled up to the curb to let Pamela in. Her top blowing loosely in the wind, Dean could see her dad staring through the curtains, glaring at the truck and the hooligan in it. Dean smiled and turned up his music, giving Pam a peck when she got in. The drive in was 30 minutes outside of town, the pair sang along sloppily to an old cassette of Zeppelin hits that Benny hadn’t used since Dean gifted it to him in ‘95. Pamela’s fingers flowed lazily in the wind, watching the countryside speed past.
“Joanna, is there something you’d like to add on the subject of Walt Whitman?” Ms. Warren, always bitter that she got stuck with not just Dean Winchester, but also Jo Harvelle. Jo wasn’t a bad student, just chatty and always getting into trouble for her smart mouth.
After the fight, people began to dissipate, it was nearing twilight anyway. He saw Cas glance over his shoulder quickly as one of his brothers, Gabriel elbowed him and pulled him into their car. He avoided thinking about the disappointment on Cas’s face, he didn’t know Dean, he had no right. Dean scowled and turned back to talk to Pam, making sure to compliment her and lean closer.
“Oh. I figured since you helped him out like that at the motel, whatever. You’ll tell me if you do though?” He could only nod. He had forgotten about the motel. Fuck. Once again, his thoughts ran rampant and he could only imagine how everyone knew about them. Cas avoided eye contact all class and tried to keep his head down at school, most kids didn’t care, but the nosy ones watched him as he passed before whispering to their friends.
“God, don’t you have anything smoother than that?” But she smiled anyway before heading off to class. He finally set off to first period, leaning back in his chair waiting for Jo to come. Even though she could be a pain in the ass, she was still one of his best friends, and she looked out for him. His train of thought was interrupted when Cas walked in and they saw each other. Cas quickly tore his eyes from Dean’s and hurried to sit down. It was still early and not many other students had come in, it was just them and a handful of girls at the front of class chittering excitedly about the Fall Formal. Dean watched Cas pull his notes out and set them aside before pulling out a notebook and scribbling something that Dean couldn’t see from where he sat. He noticed the way the other's shirt drooped down when he slouched over to write, exposing his collarbones and a thin golden crucifix. The second Dean realized what he was looking at, his eyes snapped back to his desk, and he worked on a groove with his nail.
“Well don’t we look nice all dressed up!” Jody said, fixing a stray hair for Donna.
“Woah, what happened to your face?” Her eyes filled with concern, she hadn’t gone to the dance, or seen him since last block yesterday. “Did you get in a fight?” She reached up to inspect his eyebrow, but he swatted her away.
“No, I’m not gonna be a buzz kill over nothing.” Dean ignored Benny’s frown and stepped onto the back porch, pulling out a smoke and lighter. He pulled his jacket tighter around him and let the cigarette warm up his lungs and cheeks. He stared at his palms; the faded semicircles not as faded as they used to be. He was clenching his fists too tight more than he realized. He ran a hand through his hair and sighed into the night. He forced himself to think of anything besides Cas, or his father. Ignoring the insults rattling around in his head. He remembered what Mrs. Lafitte said about disappearing on the people who cared about him and ran a hand over his face, gingerly avoiding his eye.
Sam never mentioned the mayonnaise toothpaste, which was never a good sign. Dean was constantly pushing doors open before walking through, waiting for something to fall on him, testing everything before using it, and he never let Sammy make the food. Waiting for something to go wrong was worse than it going wrong. Dean was so paranoid all week, but not just for Sam getting him back. He knew that it made no sense for Cas to tell anyone, and it wasn’t like anything had happened, but nonetheless he still worried.
“Castiel’s neck!” She giggled and looked back towards the living room. They were in the clear. “Oh, please tell me it was!”
“I’m actually pretty great, tell you the truth. How about you?”
“Huh?” He forced his eyelids open and saw Sam looking at Dean's face and hands. “I’m fine.” He didn’t wait for Sam to ask, “Where’s he at Sammy?”
“Nah, she only lives around the corner. I’ll be fine.” Sam glanced in the mirror before heading out, Dean right behind him, grabbing his suit jacket and locking the door behind them. Pamela had pulled into the driveway and waved at Sam. Who waved back and set off to Jess’s. Dean strutted up to the car and leaned in, giving Pam a kiss before walking around to the passenger side. Donna and Jody sat in the back, talking about Jo and how Garth had the hots for her. They quieted down on the subject when Dean sat down.
Cas didn’t say anything for a long time, he just stood there, feeling Dean’s breath steady out and his heart stop pounding. “Please don’t ever go away on me again.” Cas said it so softly, that he wasn’t even sure he’d said it aloud. They waited a moment and Dean cleaned himself up before heading back out to the party. It was eleven fifty and the teens were gathering around the TV waiting for Dick Clark and the countdown. Dean pulled Cas through the crowd, ignoring Megan as she watched him leave, and outside onto the back porch. He pulled him in and looked up at the stars, they heard the countdown loud from inside.
Sam and Jack regrouped after what Chuck had said, he’d make them live alone on this earth until they died, and that they weren’t going to get an easy way out.
“Hey! We’re ready you bastard!” Dean yelled into the abyss.
“Hey, are we cool?” He spoke under his breath so that only she could hear, “Are you mad at me?”
“Oh my god! Thank fuck for Ash, he covered my ass and said he forgot to order more.” She received a disapproving look from Ms. Warren for her language, but she dived right into the lesson once the bell rang. All class, Deans eyes glided over to where Cas sat, watching him flip through his notes and answer Ms. Warrens question on poets of the 20th century or something. His eyes flicking between his notes and the board and making a point to not look in Deans direction. It didn’t take Jo long to notice that Dean was out of it.
“What? You gonna let your bitch stand up for you?” You could see the flicker of doubt, when he made eye-contact with Dean. Dean had too much to drink, and his fight with his father (or rather being his father's punching bag for the afternoon) had him all strung up. Dean pushed Jo aside and hit first, landing a punch to Gordon’s stomach. The other boy's  jaw clenched, trying to not throw up. But he barely hesitated and lunged back at Dean. Dean was taking it out on Gordon, all of it, tackling him to the ground and hitting anywhere he could reach. Not that Gordon wasn’t getting any in, Dean would have bruises for sure. Quickly, Jo realized that Gordon had his fists covering his face, expecting Dean to wear out, but he didn’t, he kept going. Out of the corner of his eye Dean saw Benny run up, followed by a panicked looking Garth, and they threw themselves on Dean hauling him off Gordon who started punching the second he wasn’t pinned, and a few other guys pulled him off towards the trucks. Dean was seeing white and his head was spinning from adrenaline and alcohol.
“What did she say?” Cas looked up from the tv.
Dean was suddenly very aware of his state of mind, he hadn’t thought this far ahead. “Uh...” He looked around helplessly, trying to find a reason to stay. Dean had no idea why he came here, but he looked at Cas and was at a loss for words.
_____
Dean knew this was his fault, he turned and tried to stop himself from sprinting all the way home, he couldn’t go there right now, so he instead ran to the train tracks.
“...most of our class will be, and Benny said he’ll come, and then I had to pester Pam into coming for like a week. So, you’d better be there. Or Else!” Ms. Warren shot Jo a discouraging look, and Dean nodded along to her plans. At least Benny’d be there.
“He’s not my, person. It was an accident.” He ran his fingers through his hair and crossed his arms against the wind. “I’m not like that, if I was my dad would kill me.”
Dean groaned and pushed himself up onto his knees, “Where the hell are we?” He looked at Cas, who was paling in the reappearance on Earth. “Woah man, are you okay?” Dean rushed to his side and hauled him upright. Cas turned and threw up.
“We’ll live for right now, a little walking never killed nobody.” He saw Sam’s nose pink from cold, “I’ll ask him.”
“Oh no fair I was absolutely dying to know!” Dean feigned disappointment. “No.”
“Hey Dean!” Benny called from his garage, his dad grunting at the weight he was holding because of Benny letting one hand free to wave him over. The two let the engine down gently onto the garage floor and Benny’s dad mumbled something about heading inside to grab a beer. “You’re picking her up at six, right?”
“My dad.” Dean’s voice was hoarse, and he hadn’t stopped shaking. He stood up and rushed to the kitchen sink to throw up the wave of nausea that had overtaken him, but nothing came up. His side hurt like a bitch and was pulsing in a way that made him want to throw up more.
“Nothing, just been a little out of it is all. I’m fine.” Cas frowned and pulled his brows together.
“I’m fine.”
“Okay well, be careful jerk.”
TW: physical and verbal abuse
_____
“One!” Cheering rang out from inside the house, noise poppers going off, they couldn’t hear a thing.
“I meant what I said back there, I’m only sorry I hadn’t said it sooner.” He swerved around a stray car in the road before continuing. “I meant to in purgatory, to be honest with you.”
“Hey little bro, have fun?” Gabriel takes note of the dishes in the sink. “Hey thanks, I could’ve done them though.”
“No need to sound so put out Cas. I figured it’d be fine after your whole ‘I love you’ speech in the bunker.”
“Fuck! Quick get out!” Cas stumbled over himself pushing Dean out the back door before Gabriel could see. Dean is disoriented and trips grabbing onto Cas’s shirt, but quickly lets go wide eyed and ducks into the yard. “Wait here.”
“Uh I didn’t know I’d see you here.” Dean walked over, “I like the, suit.” God, he sounded dumb.
“What? I didn’t tell anyone anything.” Cas said, his free hand reaching for his crucifix. “There was nothing to tell. And anyways, do you think anyone would believe me about something like this, especially against your word?” He shook Deans hand off him, he looked briefly from Dean’s lips to his eyes. They swirled green with golden flecks, almost seeming hurt when Cas backed up.
“No one.” She sighed and crossed her arms.
Before too long, a chill creeped into the night air, forcing some kids back home and some into the warm pool, avoiding getting out past their necks. Dean had long since pulled his shirt off and got in, splashing Garth and being careful not to get his hair underwater because of Jody telling him it’d turn green. Cas watched shamelessly, Dean’s broad shoulders glinting with water droplets, and his arms toned and pale.
“For? It was my mistake.”
His bloody and freckled face illuminated, and he inhaled deeply. His mind wandered to the blue-eyed boy he’d been seeing everywhere, at least that’s how it seemed. He thought about when he looked at Dean from beneath furrowed eyebrows. He thought about his pale face flushed with heat in English class. And he remembered the rumors from freshman year. Dean shook his head and wiped his hand over his face, forgetting the cuts and swelling eye, wincing at the bolt of pain it sent through his head, creating the dull throb of a migraine that the fading liquor didn’t help. He guessed it was nearly one in the morning and he would definitely be feeling tonight in the morning.
Cas padded over to the door and slowly, quietly, clicked the lock. “He can’t get you now.” He wrapped his arms around Dean’s shoulders, pulling his face into his chest, “You’re safe.” Dean hadn’t realized he’d been holding his breath until Cas pulled him into his arms. He knew he didn’t deserve this. He pulled Cas in and wrapped his own arms around Cas’s middle, the hunger in his eyes that was there a moment ago was now replaced with sincerity. Cas ran his fingers through Dean’s hair and climbs into bed.
“How was church Romeo?” throwing a wink Sam’s way.
“And I thought you were going out with a friend last night?” Dammit.
“You better not have gotten your drool all over my window, I swear!” Jo pushed Garth, making him grab Dean’s shirt by the collar.
“No shit.” Sam left and came back with a damp washcloth, throwing it at Dean. “We need groceries.”
“Don’t know. Where were you last night?”
That night Dean sat by his window, cold December air blowing right into his face. He pulled out a cigarette and stared off into the night. He didn’t even notice his hands were shaking as he tried to light it. Breathing in slowly, but not feeling much of anything at all. Even the cold air couldn’t shake this feeling. Subconsciously, Dean traced over the scars on his palms, the crescents mostly gone, and closed his eyes. He remembered Cas, the two of them huddled up in his motel bed but he let the memory evaporate in his mind under a wave of shame. He thought ‘He’s right, worthless.’ He ran his free hand across his face and saw the other shaking violently. His breathing ran quick and ragged, he couldn’t keep his hands still long enough to do anything but wrap them around his knees and wait it out. His cigarette lay forgotten on the windowsill, dying out. After what felt like hours he calmed down, he was exhausted and couldn’t even get up to lay on his bed. So, he leaned his head up against the wall and stayed there.
John had left on Tuesday, not leaving cash for food. The boys didn’t care, they had payed most of the bills for the month. They didn’t always know where John went, but he always came back. Like a roach.
“What makes you think my plans are finished?” To that Dean perks an eyebrow and his heart hammers like a drum. “Get your mind out of the gutter, not those kinds of plans.” As if he had read Deans mind. The back of his neck and his hears flushed with red. He turned on the classic rock channel on the radio and drummed along with his fingers. Dean watched the roads give way to the countryside and he tried to make sense of where the hell they were going before they stopped in front of an abandoned warehouse.
“Well, what now?”
“Dean, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to ruin our friendship… but I meant everything I said.” He looked around and Dean pulled back.
“What do you want?” He eyed the stub of a cigarette hanging loosely from Deans lips.
“I did.” Dean was hoping they would get to the school before this so he could dodge him a little easier.
Outside, the sun hadn’t risen yet and the air was still crisp with wind. Before too long, it would be to cold to go for runs in the morning. Cas watched the clouds roll overhead and loosened up his shoulders, feeling the dull ache of a bruise swelling on his chest from last night. His feet pounded against the pavement, passing Billie’s house and turning left towards Eagles Peak, a small lookout over the river. He slowed down as he neared the edge and slumped down, sitting criss cross. The river thrashed quickly below. Cas remembers the previous night, and Dean. He did provoke him, but Dean beat on him more than he expected. He touched his cheek softly where he had been hit, it was still sore but not too swollen or anything. He had a cut on his eyebrow too, but his torso took the brunt of it. Dean had no fucking right to be pissed at Castiel. He didn’t initiate any of it.
“I am completely sober.” He said steadily, before erupting in laughter.
“I told you, I’m not leaving him here.”
“Are you ready or what?” She leaned over Garth.
“Did you get lost?” Pam eyed his empty cup, “I thought you were getting punch...?”
“Jo, is there gonna be booze or what?”
“What? Oh, no.” He glanced nervously at the door where Castiel had left. “I just have some things on my mind is all. Uh I gotta go.” Before she could protest, he had practically fled the room.
“Of course, I’m not as dumb as you think I am. I had some money saved up from mowing lawns in the summer.” He shrugged and shoved his hands in his pockets. “You should tell Benny to drive us soon. It’s too cold.”
“What’s wrong Cas? Did something happen at school today?” He couldn’t even keep the shit-eating grin off his face long enough to finish his sentence.
Dean worked him over in his hands and left a trail of hickeys across his collarbones and neck, and Cas bit at his shoulder. Leaving less obvious marks, ones that wouldn’t get him strung up by his friends at school tomorrow, unless he had his shirt off, which he was silently grateful for. He pulled Cas closer, watching his blue eyes gaze hungrily over his body. Cas’s hands fumbled underneath his waistband and pulled at the fabric, glancing upward into Dean’s eyes for permission. Dean palmed at Cas and lapped hungrily at his chest, barely taking his hands away long enough to pull his jeans off. Cas followed suit and got to his knees, kissing the inside of his thighs as he went.
“Cas, no! This already happened!” Cas’s fist struck his face once more. “It’s me, we’re in the empty!” Dean pleaded, holding his hands up to protect himself from the next hit, but it never came.
“Go get him!” Donna pushed Dean into the living room, almost sloshing half of his drink out of his cup. He locked eyes with Cas and gave him a once over. God, he looked good. Dean grabbed a bottle for Cas and handed it to him, glancing at his neck and the marks that were fading all down to his collarbones. He had given up on trying to hide them but not on keeping Dean a secret from his friends. Dean remembered how soft hearted he was and threw an arm around Cas’s shoulders. They had a taped football game on the TV and Gabriel was chatting up Jo, to no avail. They chattered about their Christmas breaks and what they’d be doing with their families. Jo was already trying to make plans for New Years. The group went on like this for a few hours, before pulling out the board games and someone had mentioned strip-poker. None of them were really sure what the rules had been decided as.
Stepping gently over the flowers, Dean settled himself next to the other boy, noticing the closeness a little more uncomfortably than he would prefer. He scooted away a few inches and saw Cas glance down at his hands.
“You’re still bleeding.” Gabriel pointed to his eyebrow, “How the hell did you even get tangled up in a fight with Dean Winchester, he’s practically twice your size.”
Late Saturday night, Cas and Alfie had a movie on, but neither of them was really watching it. And Cas had some homework to do so he settled down at the kitchen table. He rested his head on his hand as he read, but it didn’t take him long to get bored and he started to fall asleep until he heard a tapping on the window. He looked up groggily for the source of the noise, thinking he had imagined it he started to put his stuff away. There it was again; this time he knew he wasn’t hearing stuff. He glanced in the living room, Alfie was just as bad off as he was, snoozing on the couch. So, he tiptoed to the back door, pulling the curtain aside. It was Dean. Castiel held back a groan, as to not wake up his brother in the other room. He unlatched the door and stood half out, shocked by the cold.
“Nah, I got stuff to do at the house.” Dean was internally making a list of shit to do. The rest of the school day was as long as it was boring.
By morning Cas had made it back to his spot on the floor, Dean wasn’t completely sure it hadn’t been a dream, but he was off to the side where Cas had pushed him over. He smiled softly to himself without thinking and waited for everyone else to start moving.
“Is this covered in beer?” He could smell beer on the rag and noticed it was less of a rag and more of an old T-shirt from her car.
“Fine, why?” Dean didn’t even look up. He was focusing on the tile floor that would lead him to his friends in the cafeteria.
“What?” His eyes searched Cas’s face for emotion, “Oh, no I’m okay.” But he didn’t look away. The ride was quiet the whole way to Dean’s house, a faded green one-story, driveway empty of his dad’s car. Cas didn’t ask about it.
“Oh, touchy subject?” It twirled Meg’s blonde hair between its fingers. “See, I know who you are.” It watched Dean shift nervously in his place, “You’re my supplier,” It continued. “You have thrown more angels and demons in here than almost anyone. So, I must ask, why are you here?”
He flopped onto his bed and tried to sleep to pass the time before Jo told him to get to the old bridge.
“Dean, honey, who was that?” Her voice was like honey, like how he had imagined his own mother’s. And in every way that he figured mattered; she was like his mom.
“Oh.” Cas looked away.
Pocketing the cigarettes and mayonnaise in hand, he headed back home. John had already left, working overtime at the mechanics to keep the lights and gas on. Especially with winter rolling in. Dean emptied Sam’s toothpaste container into the trash and filled it back up with the mayonnaise. Snickering the whole time and sticking it back in the bathroom. He startled, hearing Sam open the front door and drop his crap at the dinner table.
“Thought you’d never ask.” She smiled softly pushing his shoulder and turned to leave, “Saturday at 6?”
“I think she said somethin’ about most of the class saying they’d make it, though there ain’t no telling.” They chatted on about how it’s a miracle that Ellen hasn’t busted her yet before pulling up to the old bridge and into the grass where at least a dozen trucks and cars had been parked. A fire pit lit up ahead. The duo hopped out of the truck, Jo jogged up and threw her hands up to clap the guys on the shoulders and pull them off into the group and music.
They stopped about 45 minutes out of town, in front of an old diner whose signs bragged ‘the best burgers in the Midwest’ They walked right in and were seated in a booth against the window. The owner paid them no mind as there was a rather rowdy group of men on the other side of the diner, giving the waitress hell.
“Do you need help with your tie?” Sam asked, reaching out to tie it securely and popped Dean’s collar down. “There, now you look like a gentleman.”
“I don’t either.” His voiced waived, making her raise her eyebrow at him.
Saturday evening, two loud honks blare from the street, scaring the shit out of Dean and making him jump. He walked over to the front window and pulled the curtains aside. Jo and Garth sat outside in her old beater, honking once more and having seen him in the window, Garth pressed his face up against the window making a stupid face. Dean scoffed and grabbed a flannel, jogging out to the car. He set his arm against the roof of the car as Jo rolled the window down. He could hear the bickering as it rolled down.
“Hey, can I talk to you?” Dean grabbed his wrist and pulled him out to the hallway, not leaving him room to escape. Castiel’s eyes were wide with almost a fear, not unlike how he looked in the field. Dean looked away. “So, listen to me,” Dean glanced around nervously at the other students as they walked past the duo, heading into the cafeteria. “I don’t know what you think happened but it’s not like that. I didn’t do anything wrong. So, if you told someone something that didn’t even happen then I swear to God.” He scowled at Cas, not realizing that he still had the other boy by the wrist.
“Huh?” Dean’s train of thought interrupted, “What do you mean?”
“Dean, you aren’t going to be able to hide in that basement forever. We love having you here but can’t sink into the floor and disappear on the people who love you.” She squeezed his arm and gave him a smile. And he walked back downstairs.
“And Eileen?”
When they got to the bunker, Sam pushed open the door and ran inside, practically tripping down the stairs.
“I don’t know, I…” Dean’s eyes met Cas’s when he turned around, “yes.” His head was still humming softly from the alcohol, he couldn’t pull away. Cas walked over and had a leg in between Dean’s thighs where he sat, Cas's jeans still wet from the pool. Dean's breath caught in his throat, and he turned his jaw up to face Cas where he stood. “Cas,” Dean’s voice small and quiet. The other boy caught his chin with a finger and pulled him forward, kissing him. Dean’s hands grasped for something to hold onto, and they met Cas’s waist, where Dean’s shirt had risen up, exposing a sliver of skin.
“What did you say to him?” Sam was enjoying his story more than Dean would prefer.
Cas looked around the room, eyes drifting from the posters on the wall to the pile of dirty clothes, that Dean quickly shoved into the closet. He pulled off his leather jacket and shirt and tossed them to the floor, setting on the edge of his bed, watching Cas. His thin silhouette against the light of the moon. He wasn’t tall, but he only stood an inch or two shorter than Dean. Cas dropped his coat onto the floor in a pile and kicked off his shoes, standing between Dean’s legs at the bed. He dropped his head down and placed a kiss on his lips, biting at Dean’s bottom lip. He sighed and leaned in, pulling in Cas by the shirt. Cas grabbed the back of his shirt by the neck and pulled it off, throwing it ungraciously to the floor with Dean’s. Dean shamelessly took in Cas’s bare chest, milky white in the moonlight and golden crucifix hanging delicately around his neck. And puts a hand against Cas’s stomach, kissing and biting at his bare collarbones.
“Pam and I got into it.”
“Yea, one outside. I tried calling but… phone lines must be out.” He didn’t pull his eyes off his knuckles. “We can’t be the only ones left, right?”
They lay in bed one night, Dean on his side, tracing his eyes along the other boy’s profile. “Cas?” He didn’t open his eyes, and instead breathed a ‘hm’. “Thank you.”
“Hey,” she butted into his view. “What’s over there that so important?” Dean, suddenly very aware of where he was looking, turned to face Jo.
“So, I told him to shove it because it was none of his damn business! He’s not dating her!” Benny was telling a small group about his Thanksgiving. Noticing his distraction, Gabriel snuck up behind Cas shoving him into the water fully clothed. Benny had stopped his story to watch.
“Okay well, rest up tonight because you’re going to need it for tomorrow.” Sam clapped Jack on the shoulder and sent him to his room. “What’s your plan for after?”
Dean’s face flushed a deep pink and he stumbled over his words. “Oh, uh, thanks, yea I don’t know.” Inside the gym, the song changed songs and Dean remembered Pamela. “I should probably, go.” He waited for a response, maybe for Cas to ask why or ask him to stay, but he just stared into his cup and nodded. He watched Dean walk back into the music, seeing how the suit fit against his shoulders and his light hair spiked in all directions.
“Hey.” Dean stood in the grass, hands in his pockets and cheeks rosy from the cold.
“My friends were on top of me all goddamn day, they won’t leave me alone about it!” He pushed his fingers through his own hair. “Because someone couldn’t keep their mouth to themselves.”
“He’s not, he’s only three inches taller, and I’m still growing.” Cas flipped through his bookbag and found his notebook.
“Sam? They’re gone, aren’t they?” Jack sounded so small; Sam sometimes forgot that he was only 3.
“Oh, I see, a ‘friend’” Sam waited for him to tell him anything about who he was with, but he didn’t. “Who is she?” Dean groaned.
He wandered around in the dead of morning trying desperately to not think. He considered going to Benny’s house, but what would he tell him? It was one thing to kiss him accidentally when he was drunk, but last night was different. For starters, he didn’t have any alcohol in his system, Dean guessed he went over there half because of curiosity.
“No ma’am. Sorry.” He went back to taking notes on this week’s old dead white man who thought he had something interesting to say.
“I’m sure he is. Chuck wouldn’t have it any other way.”
“Dean I’m so sorry, I tried to get to it before him, but he answered the phone and I am so sorry, I didn’t mean for this to happen!” He was rambling.
“I er- I was around, figured I’d swing by.” He flicked his cigarette butt to the ground and swayed as he talked.
“Sorry, didn’t see you.” Cas grabs his wrist and pulls him towards the front yard before standing up, Dean looks at Cas’s hand still gripping his wrist, he motions for the car. They pull off, cold air still flowing out of the vents. “What did he say?”
“I just wanted to; do you want to go somewhere… more private?” He glanced around at the passing students. And Dean shrugged. Grabbing his elbow, Cas pulled him into an empty classroom. “I didn’t freak you out the other day, did I?”
“Don’t hurt him!” Dean yelled, Cas threw a hand back towards Dean and grabbed his arm.
“Meg?” He wiped at his eyes, trying to look less like a kicked puppy.
“It’s okay, I am too.” She waited for a reaction, and he didn’t have one to give.
“Oh, is that so? Could’ve fooled me!” Cas threw his head back and ran his hand behind his neck. His jaw framed by the parking lot lights, Dean noticed this thought, and acted on it. He shoved Cas hard.
“What, are you gonna beat me up?” His face got dangerously close to Dean’s, “Do it.”
“What does it look like?” He just stares at her, “I’m talking to a girl at a party, are you going to grab Garth or Kevin and ask what they're doing too or is it just me?”
“Good morning Dean.” Cas walked out of the bathroom, pulling his button-up around his shoulders. “Did you find a payphone?”
“Ah fucks sake. I didn’t realize you were such a bad boy.” Gabriel nudged Cas, almost pushing him into the isle, he gave up on a conversation with his little brother and turned around in his seat to talk to his friends behind them. Cas opened up his notebook, it was filled with sketches and writing. Some poems, and a good sketch of a bee that he was rather proud of. It wasn’t too long before they reached the school and the kids poured out and into the school, some hanging back to meet their friends who drove. Cas just walked in, he saw Hannah waiting for him at his locker.
“Hopefully not too many, my old man went crazy when he had to drag my sorry ass out of jail last time. I thought I’d never get let out of the house after that.” Benny slowed to the curves of the countryside and swerved to avoid a possum.
Thankfully, Benny’s parents had let him stay, even though it was Christmas. He was sure they thought he was good-for-nothing but if they did, they didn’t say so. So, he decorated cookies with them, and took the family photo for them, kindly refusing to be in it regardless of a timer. He figured his shiner wouldn’t look good on a Christmas card. Dean hated not seeing Sammy on Christmas but if he walked back in that house, he wasn’t sure he’d make it out alive. The Lafitte’s had gotten him a few gifts, to his dismay, but they had every year since the fifth grade. Before long, the grandparents would be joining them, so Dean excused himself to the basement.
“Dean,” Cas looked over at him, thinking of the right thing to say. But Dean beat him to it.
“And you,” Dean fixed a stray piece of lint, “Are you and Jess eating somewhere?”
“Yes. The last thing I need is for you and your loud mouth to get back in here. Any Winchester for that fact. You’re lucky I don’t rip you atom from atom for what your boy did in here.” It gestured broadly around as the ground rumbled beneath them. “Let’s hurry this up, I have places to be.” It motioned Cas forward and plunged a hand into his chest. Dean rushed forward; eyebrows drawn together.
“Even though Dean’s a blonde,” Pam teased “It looks good.” and planted a kiss on his lips before pulling out towards downtown.
When Dean got back home, he found Sam on the porch, his eyebrows furrowed, and hands tangled in his too-long hair. He stands up and rushes to where Dean has just arrived, Benny pulling off towards his own house.
“None of your business.” Dean turned away and scowled. They weren’t friends, and then he remembered last night. “Go away queer.”
“Thanks,” Cas had peeled his shirt off, his back to Dean. He noticed a pair of matching birthmarks on his shoulder blades and sat on the bed. Glancing at the connecting door, it was only slightly cracked. “Did you mean that the other day?”
“She said she wouldn’t tell.” He didn’t tell him what she said about herself, Dean figured that was her business. “What’re you watching?” He flopped onto the bed next to Cas, head nearly in his lap, and sighed deeply. Cas ran his fingers through his blonde hair and Dean watched him, he looked good in Dean's shirt.
“Dean!” Sam quickly flattened his hair in the mirror and shoved him out of the way. “Will you be okay here?” He lowered his voice.
“Heya Dean,” Donna walks up, noticing where the conversation is going, “Can I borrow him for just a sec?” She doesn’t really wait for a nod from blonde giggly Megan. Donna grabs him by the forearm, making him grimace against the soreness, and pulls him into the back room.
The alarm clock buzzed at eight the next morning, and the cold breeze blew harshly against the side of Dean’s face. He groaned, his back sore from sleeping upright, and stood up to close the window. He let himself back down onto the bed and curled up, not even bothering to get under the blankets.
“Nothing. Just go back to bed. I’ll be fine.” Garth, Jo, and Billie all went into the living room, talking quickly and quietly between themselves. Dean looked up at benny, “I’m serious man, don’t call the police.”
“Who’re you?” Alfie was pretty short, even for a freshman, and he looked even shorter next to Dean who was nearing 6 ft.
“Ha, I would only be so lucky.” Dean pulled him into a hug, careful not to have him close to his right side where he had the bruised ribs. “I’m okay Sammy. Listen, I can’t hang around here when he’s here okay? I’ll be staying at Benny’s though, and you know how to get there.” Sam nodded, and Dean headed for his room to gather up some clothes. His eyes froze on the patches of blood on the floor. He felt every kick and hit land, and he started shaking again. Dean threw some clothes in a duffel, grabbed his leather jacket and some cash from his top drawer. To Sam’s disappointment, Dean headed for the door, giving Sam a light smile and holding on tightly to the straps of his bag to steady his hands.
“Why did dad do that? What was he talking about Dean?” Dean guessed he had heard most of it and he didn’t want to lie to his little brother.
“No, it’s not like that, I just didn’t think you did too.”
“Huh?” Dean was dumbfounded. “You’re kidding.”
TW for panic attacks, s*icidal thoughts and the works, Stay safe!
“You too Sammy.” John yelled a be home by ten from the kitchen and headed into the living room, eyeing Dean once Sam had shut the door behind him.
“Hiya beautiful,” Pam chuckled to herself, putting a hand gingerly on Deans face, “Did you even try to ice it?” She rolled her eyes.
“Are you drunk?” Cas pinched the bridge of his nose and repeated, “What do you want?”
“I won’t if you won’t.” She looked off towards the pool. “Me and Jody, are kind of a thing. Since I know your person.”
“No, he was like that by the time I got to him.” His eyes were trained on Dean, but he was the only person who was focused on him. Cas watched the way he walked up to his friends and noticed his old leather jacket. Cas liked him, he used to. That was before Dean kicked the shit out of him.
Dean saw someone out of the corner of his eye, a kid no taller than 5’7 staring at him with these big blue eyes. The second he noticed Dean watching his face turned red and his head shot down to his textbook. Dean had seen him around before but never really noticed him, Carl... Cam... C-something... Castiel. He watched as Cas made himself busy with looking everywhere but Deans direction and flipping quickly through his textbook to keep up with Ms. Warren. Whose attention had drifted back onto the chalkboard and away from Jo, who quietly resumed her task of talking Dean’s ear off.
“Damn.” Dean managed to choke out. “I wonder who did that.” His stomach felt hot and he pushed certain images from his head.
“Why do you care? We have barely had a full conversation. It’s not like we’re friends or anything.” His fingers fiddling with his ring.
“Oh, thanks.” Cas looked distantly at his outfit, “And I didn’t figure I had to let you know if I went to a dance at my own school.”
“Does the empty know you’re here? Although I’d imagine it does,” Zachariah began to pace around Dean as he spoke. “It’s probably busy putting the bigger things back to bed to worry about one little cockroach, speaking of, where’s your little brother?”
“Okay, well what’s your plan to get us out of here?”
“And what, he’ll be human?”
“Well, it said that if I could find you it would fling us out of here.” Dean hesitated, “And it said it would keep your grace… so you never came back here again. You’d be practically…”
“I know.”
“What do you want with it?” Dean stepped forward but came no closer to the being.
“Well thanks, but you’re probably the only person who thinks that.”
Dean clenched his hands but let them fall limp when Cas put his hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Don't.” Before John could regroup to unleash his anger on them, they closed the door in his face, and locked it. John stood there for another thirty minutes, yelling and pounding on the door before getting in his car and driving off for good. Dean listened to the rumble of the impala and pulled Cas in tighter on the couch where they sat. Cas looked up at him and was proud.
“This is my house. And I thought we ‘discussed’ your issue, so what is he doing here?” John’s voice went sour at the image of Cas in his house. You could almost feel the tension in the room with your fingers.
“They are fascinating,” he started, before going off onto a tangent about them. Talking excitedly about how interconnected they are, and how intricate the process is for them to create honey, and the queen’s role in the hive. Dean watches his face, and his eyes fall to Cas’s lips, which are moving quickly to keep up with his mind. He watches him like this until he notices Cas has stopped suddenly, eyes wide and blue as the chlorine pools of the summer. Deans mouth dries up and he notices how close they are, only inches apart. For the second time this evening, Dean’s body betrays him. Leaning in, until they are breathing the Same air, Castiel’s blue eyes wide with terror and cheeks flush. Dean stops. Suddenly very aware of what he is doing, and where he is at, and practically launches himself backwards onto his feet.
“I’m sure she’ll be back, Dean too.” She watched Sam closely, “I’m not sure about the hunters from the old universe though. It might be too much for him to take on, rebuilding a universe from scratch and pulling them back, I’m not sure.”
“Dropping him off somewhere to suffer like the rest of us.” And with that, and a yell of protest from Chuck, Amara waved him away.
“Good morning.” Sam called over his shoulder, waiting for the toast to finish. “When did you get in last night?”
“You did pay for her, didn’t you?” Sam rolled his eyes.
By Monday, John had returned. He picked up hours at the mechanics sometimes and it looked like that kind of week. He didn’t mention Deans face or where he was at, John never thought he owed them any explanation. Dean scrounged up some eggs and bacon for breakfast, they seemed almost normal. John grabbed a plate and ate in silence while the boys packed up for school and headed out.
“Hiya Sammy!” Chuck laughed behind his hand, “You rang?”
“Bullshit! You know if you don’t want to date, that’s fine. Honestly it is! But then you need to say that.”
“Jo- go get Benny quick!” Garth yelled and loosened his grasp on Dean, noticing how he had gasped when he grabbed his side. Jo shot a worried look at Dean and ran up the steps. Garth led Dean over to the kitchen so he could get a better look at what was going on. “Dean what happened?” He couldn’t get out any words in between his gasping breaths.
“Hey there Timberlake!” Pamela called, snickering behind her hand. Dean threw up his hands and started to walk away, “Aw he’s going Bye Bye Bye!” Which earned a roaring laugh from their group, as they were huddled around the lockers. The teasing let up after a few days, and the bleached hair didn’t look so bad on him. At least that’s what Pam said. Cas had seen him in English and smirked at Dean’s new hair color. This made Dean frown, he tried to ignore him but every time his eyes wandered, they landed on Cas. Convinced that he did it because he was drunk and thought it was Pamela, Dean shoved down any conscious thoughts of Cas’s body or the way it moved, or the way his eyes bored into him as if he was lying. It made his stomach lurch.
“Heya Sammy, how’d your date go?” Dean elbowed Sam as the were walking to school. It was only a 10-minute walk, Benny had offered to take them, but it wasn’t too cold just yet.
Benny busted out laughing on Monday morning when Dean showed up. “Dude! Your fucking hair!” Dean had tried to get the bleach out, but anyone who has bleached their hair would know, that shit doesn’t come out. He finally gave up, but when he walked into school, he regretted it immediately.
He flinched at that, “Of course I care, you may not but I do.” Dean’s stomach lurched at the thought of Cas caring, but he continued, “And you wanna talk? Let’s talk.” Cas sat down at a desk, waiting for Dean to follow. The classroom was littered with empty desks, and no one would be back till the end of lunch.
“Alright, you got a deal.” Billie said, “Dean, can you come?”
“Dean- are you even listening to me?” Jo hissed under her breath.
“No, Dean, please don’t do this.” Cas bit down on his bottom lip, restraining from pulling into Dean like a wave to the shore. “Dean,”
Jody interrupted, “Wait, my cousin works there, I think they installed a heater last winter, figured it’d help with business.” They agreed on a plan and went their separate ways, Sam walking up to Dean as the other cars pulled off. The duo started off towards home, and Dean looked over his shoulder, he saw Cas standing with his brother, his eyes glued to Dean. Dean’s neck flushed hot and he turned back to Sam.
New Year’s Eve was coming up quick and Dean had gone back to see Sam a few times, and had been stopped twice because of the Impala parked out front. Billie had offered to have a New Year’s party at her place, her parents would be at some fancy party, and her little sister was spending the night at a friend’s.
“Alright, alright. But I just figured I’d let you know I’ll probably be coming in late.” Gabriel smirked and winked at Cas who groaned and elbowed him in the ribs.
“Wait a minute, we totally could though!” Donna looked to each of them, before settling with Benny. “You’re the oldest, you’re eighteen!” She smiled widely, and Benny groaned. Dean pitied him for being the only one who was eighteen yet, Dean still had a month and a half himself.
“Ah, she’s fine. She’s pissed that I’m working now, but I bet she’ll regret that when I save us up enough money to get a place.” He had just turned 18 and even though he was still in high school, he was itching to get out of his parents' place.
“Oh please, I’m getting the grace, it’ll only be a second.”
Cas said goodbye to Hannah and waved at Ezekiel as he passed him in the hall, he walked into first period and tossed his stuff on the floor next to his desk. All class he caught himself staring at Dean, he wouldn’t get caught because Dean was busy looking everywhere but him. He watched how Jo leaned in and spoke quietly to Dean, who hardly ever listened. His mind wandered to his hands pulling on Dean’s shirt, the smell of booze and smoke tangling with the smell of cut grass in his backyard.
“What do you want?” Dean’s voice was hollow, and it made Cas’s stomach twist.
The next morning, Jack found Sam passed out in the library, a few too many beers scattered on the floor beside him. He went and started some coffee. Today could either be the turn they’d been waiting for, or the cherry on top of everything else that had been going horribly wrong lately. They had lost everything, and it was all up to Jack now. His stomach was all tied up with anxiety, but he couldn’t think about it. Sam and the whole world depended on it. He finished up the coffee and walked out to the library setting it in front of Sam and grabbing the empty bottles to throw away. When he got back Sam was nursing a hangover with his coffee and painkillers. Amara said she’d show up around two. Jack excused himself and walked back to the dungeon, letting his fingers rest on the door. This is where two of his dads had died. He had more than anyone’s fair share of fathers, with Cas, Dean, Sam, and even Lucifer he supposed. “I hope I can bring you back.”
“What do you mean ‘hey’?” Cas retreated to the kitchen, grabbing a jacket and then stepped out onto the porch. “What do you want?”
“Cas,” Dean shifted in his seat, “You don’t have to say anything.”
“Just wait till you’re older, and you’ll get it.” He remembered Cas’s mouth on him and blushed deeply. “Man, it’s cold.” And he rubbed his cheeks, blaming the blush on the cold. They walked the rest of the way, just listening to Sam go on and on about Jess. Finally, they entered the school and Dean could shove his head and push him into his first period. Thanking god for the peace and quiet.
“Yea, well no, I’m sorry for everything.” Dean’s eyes were glued to his feet and Cas felt a pang of guilt. He looked at how Dean’s freckles decorated his face, spattered carefully across his cheeks and nose.
It didn’t take Dean long to get his first tattoo, and his second one not long after that.
“Then what’s wrong?”
“What the fuck?!” Dean yells it too loud. Startled, Cas jumps to his feet but trips, stumbling backwards onto his ass.
Around ten the doorbell rang, and Mrs. Lafitte called down the steps for him. Dean climbed upstairs and turned the corner, expecting to find Sammy, he instead saw Cas. He was standing at the doorway, a trench coat hung loosely around him. Dean blinked past him, hearing John’s insults echoing in his head and reverberating through his bruises, making them pang with pain.
“Do you need a lift?” Dean offered, knowing full and well Pam wouldn’t have a whole lot of room to spare in her car because Donna and Jody were catching a ride with them.
“Pam wait,” he started.
“Sure man, can’t resist that. And it was fine. I’ve seen Scream about twenty times, and it’s only been out a year. Whoever runs the drive in is obsessed.” They go downstairs into the basement, Benny grabbing some beers from the fridge on the way, and they plop onto the old sofa. “How’s Billie doing?”
“No, Dean. Go figure yourself out, and if you decide you can handle whatever this is. Then we can talk.” She turned on her heel and walked back into the gym.
“CAS!” He didn’t realize he was sobbing, his hands pulling up to his eyes and coming away shaking and wet. “Cas?” He said, barely a whisper.
“What is going on here?” The principal’s voice boomed in the hallway, grabbing both boys’ attention. “Detention, both of you, this is a school dance not WWE.” And with that the teachers pulled them in opposite directions. Ms. Warren Pulled Dean off to the side.
On Monday, school went by fast, Dean didn’t pay attention in any class, and didn’t even hear his friends talking, though he is vaguely aware that they are. After walking Sammy home, Dean goes to the train tracks to clear his head. The leafless trees watch him walk past; a smoke clenched tightly between his teeth. His hands are shoved in his pockets and jacket around his waist, not caring that he is surrounded by cold. Everything that he has ever done wrong is swirling around his head, every fight with his dad, every moment he’s spent gasping for breath. When he gets to the train tracks, he takes a seat on the cold metal, just watching the things around him. The way the dead grass blows in the breeze, and how the cool air feels against his skin. A roly poly skittering past, and how blue the sky is. Reminded of Cas, his blue eyes trained on him. Dean could practically feel the smooth of his hips as they peeked from beneath his shirt. He looked at his hands and clenched his fists tightly. Silently hoping that Cas would just appear and take him away somewhere, anywhere. But he didn’t. He didn’t even give Cas a second look until this year, which he regretted, looking back on it. They never got a chance to talk, not really. Only stolen kisses in the off moments. Dean waited through another cigarette for the train to come through, but it didn’t, so he walked back home.
“Hell yea, especially since the pool is heated.” Dean leaned his head back against the headrest, “Who all’s coming?”
To this, Cas opened his eyes, eyelashes fluttering lazily in the dark room. “I love you.” And pulled Dean closer to himself.
“Don’t!” He couldn’t even face it. So, the empty switched back to Meg.
At lunch Dean could see Cas’s group positively buzzing with excitement. Gabriel shoving him in the side and everyone in a mile radius could see the jealousy on Hannah’s face. Dean couldn’t help but laugh. Benny watched him and Jody closely during lunch, looking for any clues until Billie nudged him in the side.
“Because it is. I love you.” Cas’s eyes were brimmed with tears and he smiled. The bangs on the door echoing louder with each passing second.
“What are we doing here?” He asked, getting out of the car. He mumbled to himself “What in the hell?” At this rate he would’ve preferred the *other plans*.
________________________________________
“Sam, Dean still won’t pick up.” Jack’s eyes were watering as he dropped his phone into his lap. Sam was mumbling to himself and Jack felt his powers bubbling up inside him. They can’t be dead. Dean and Cas were his parents, Sam too. As a group, they were family. Jack stared out the window and watched the trees and fields speed past. They just had to get back to the bunker. Cas and Dean would be there, having a beer and laughing at one of Dean’s jokes. They had to be. Unless Billie had gotten to them. They both forced their minds to be empty, avoiding the million scenarios that would cause Dean to not pick up. Sam had almost expected the rest of the hunters from the other world to be gone, but then Donna happened. His fears were only confirmed when he drove through Lawrence. There was no one left.
“Jesus Christ, someone keep an eye on Dean!” Jo yelled, making herself and Dean wince from the volume. He swayed to the music, though he wasn’t sure what song was playing. He reached for his almost-empty cup but it was snatched away in a chorus of no’s.
“I’m sorry Dean, but I have to do this.” His voice was deep, and his fist struck hard against Dean’s face.
“Cas go!” Dean yelled at him, his eyes wide with fear. He was praying to anyone who would listen that John wouldn’t touch a hair on his head. Cas threw a worried look back at Dean before grabbing his shit and falling out the window. He looked wide eyed back at Dean in panic before bolting back to his car. Dean threw his arms up to protect himself right as John started in on him.
The alarm clock on his nightstand read four in the morning, and Dean decided to shower, to get the grime of tonight off him. He peeled his muddy and leaf strewn clothes off and dumped them onto the bathroom floor, his broad freckled shoulders bare in the moon-lit bathroom. He didn’t bother turning on the light. Without testing his soap for tampering, he washed up, the soaps burning his cut hands.
“Woah, you’re not going to walk home like this are you?” Cas asked, his head swaying in Dean’s vision. Man, he was going to be feeling this tomorrow. He laughed, straightening himself out, but not pulling away from Cas.
“Sammy, I’ll fucking kill you!” In his moment of distraction and drunkenness, he had forgotten to check his shampoo. “God-dammit!”
“It’s a soul now, not much different. Like playdough to be remolded, and the leftovers… I’ll keep for myself. I could use the little extra push to get this place back in shape.” It placed a hand on each man and added, “And if either of you see Jack, tell him to stay the hell out of here.” And with that, they were sent plummeting back to Earth.
“Dean Winchester. I can turn my head when you are looking everywhere but the board, but you’re fidgeting like a crackhead looking to score.” She shuffled some papers across her desk, “Do I need to be concerned?”
“Dean, please talk to me.” He pleaded quietly, “I’m sorry.” This was all his fault, if he hadn’t taken Dean home, he would’ve been fine.
“Man, if I have to sit through one more class with Garth poking the back of my head with his pencil I swear to god.” Benny slid his hand around Billie's waist and turned to talk to Dean, “How was the wonderful world of English?”
“No, it’s alright, I can take him. I’ll be driving anyways.” Benny eyed Dean, who was willing his eyes open at this point. He could barely make out what the hell they were saying. “It’s no problem, really.” Dean barely remembered falling asleep in the back seat, nodding his head to the radio.
Considering it a moment, Dean pushed Cas off of him. “That wasn’t, I’m not like people like you.” He glared at Cas for making him think of him at all. It was his fault.
“I’m sorry I got you stuck in the Empty.”
“You sure you're going to be able to get back in okay?” Benny asked over Billie, she sat between the two, throwing a concerned look at Dean. “We can wait a minute if you can’t.”
“Gone.” Sam looked down at his hands before setting them on the table. “We need a plan.”
“Of course not! I’m protecting Sammy, and I’m protecting me! You don’t know what it’s like to be taken from your house and dragged to a group home Benny! I do!” He shook his head. “I’m doing my best, and I swear to god if you call the police, or the hospital I will never forgive you.” Benny lowered his head and rubbed a hand over his face.
“Come on, you’re going to get hypothermia out here.” Dean started off towards his room, not bothering to check if Cas was following. They walked quietly, and Dean opened the door letting Cas into the motel room. “I have some clothes you can use.” He was almost whispering, pulling an old band tee and flannel tossing them onto the bed. “I’m not sure about the pants though.”
“Sure.” His face lit up, and he kissed Dean on the shoulder, making him sigh and lean his head into Cas’s.
“Dean?” Sam pushed his shoulder, noticing the fresh cuts on his face and knuckles. “Dean, he’s gone.”
“What the hell is wrong with you?” She said, slamming the car door behind her. “Where did you disappear to? We drove around looking for you!” Dean didn’t even bother getting a word in edgewise. “You could’ve been dead in a ditch somewhere! You didn’t even tell us you were leaving. If you had too much to drink and wanted to go home, you could’ve said so.” Dean stood up and kissed her.
“I hate you!” Sam screamed at his dad, after he ducked into his room and slammed the door, locking it. Dean knew Sammy was alright, and his dad was probably pissed as something stupid, so he ignored it and slumped into his bed. Reaching out, he opened the drawer of his nightstand and pulled out a picture of his mother. He had found it in a box of shit in the attic a few months ago and swiped it. Her blonde hair curled delicately to frame her face, her eyes as green as his and her cheeks spotted with his freckles. But Sammy had her nose. John was still throwing shit around and yelling so loud it felt as though the walls would cave in. But they never have before, and they didn’t now. He didn’t remember very much about his mom, just her making him peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, or rocking Sammy to sleep, but he had been so young when she died that that was the extent of his memory. Sometimes the distain for his life, and the way they were raised got to him, and truth be told, he envied Benny for it. Even though his dad and him didn’t always see eye to eye, they were normal.
“I’ll live.” Dean ran his hand over his jaw, “How many people did Jo invite this time?”
“Uh, Winchester…” He mumbled, and as if on cue. Dean walked in the doors, sporting two purple eye-bags from getting hit in the nose, and his knuckles were still raw.
“Shit.” he suddenly remembered the Fall Formal was just around the corner and he hadn’t even mentioned it to Pamela, she wasn’t one for frill and getting all gussied up, but she could dance. Dean’s mind wandered to a million other things before landing on the blue-eyed boy, the way he talked so quickly about the bees. A pang of guilt ran through his gut as he remembered jumping back like he’d been burned. If his father saw them in that field, Dean would be a dead man.
“Well…”
“Ah shut up.” He avoided looking at Sam, “So, what’s Jack going to do?”
“I… didn’t know…” Dean felt miserable. “I can’t leave him here, please.”
“Naw, I’m just trying to make it to my birthday. I’ve already got a few tattoos in mind. I haven’t been working at the garage every now and again for nothing!” He motioned to his bicep and started explaining his tattoo ideas. Filling his cup again. I’m thinking about a black band right here, and maybe I’ll get something on my back eventually.”
As if he had seen a mirage, Dean saw that dirty trenchcoated figure on the ground. Chest steadily rising and falling with sleep. As he ran closer, he saw Cas’s muscles tensing and releasing and his mouth opening like he was trying to speak.
“Honestly, not really. Is there you’re thinking about in particular?”
He saw Castiel four more times that week, each time he’d duck away into the shadows. He must be following me, Dean thought, he remembered some of the rumors about that kid that went around school when they were freshmen, and grimaced.
“Hello Dean.” Cas’s voice was deeper and rougher than he remembered, and it sent a wave of anxiety through Dean.
It waited for a while, as if pondering. “You know, I’m a sucker for a love story. So, I’ll make you a deal.”
“Nothings wrong, and I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Yea, I think so. I’ll have you, and Sam. I think I can do it.” Jack would be the only person able to possess the power of God because of his Nephilim grace.
“Cas, you stupid son of a bitch.” He grabbed his face, “Of course I love you too.” He planted a kiss on Cas’s lips and breathed a sigh of relief when he pulled away. “Don’t make this into a chick flick.” He grinned.
“Punch?” Dean extended his hand out to Cas, who took the cup and swirled the contents before taking a sip. He licked his lips and took a sip out of his own cup, vaguely aware of a group of girls further down the hall. “Not much of a dancer?”
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to…” Donna appeared in the connecting door before closing it quickly. The two jumped apart and Dean sprinted to catch Donna before she got away. He threw the door open and nearly fell into the room where Donna was hurrying to the door that led to the street.
“Dean, you know what I’m talking about. I heard what happened with your dad. Is that what’s going on.” Dean’s face went to stone and he swallowed, she had struck a nerve.
Dean hissed, “What are you doing?” Glancing around the room, but the other boys were still as death. He figured a train could run through the room and they’d not so much as roll over. Reluctantly, he scootched over, making room for Cas.
“Dean, what do you want us to do?” Jo watched him breathe deeply, his hands still shaking.
“This is my friend, Dean.” Cas ran his hand behind his head and scratched his neck. “You should probably go to bed anyway, it’s getting late.” Alfie didn’t give any protest to that and shuffled to his bedroom. “Is that all you wanted to come here for?” Cas asked without turning to face Dean.
“Listen, I know we have done a lot against you, but it’s Chuck. We need your help.” His eyes were pleading, and Jack just stood silently.
“What?” Dean asked, “You had a weird look on your face?” Cas shook his head and got in the passenger side, tossing the grocery bags into the back seat.
By Thursday Dean’s eye was almost presentable, the purple had faded into a light green. Most of his cuts were healing up, and he looked less like he was inches from death. He hadn’t seen Cas at school today, which was odd because he rarely missed school. Dean told himself he wasn’t seeking him out or looking for him but when Cas was around, he found his eyes settled on the boy. Dean ran a hand over his face and looked for Pam after the final bell rang.
“Gabriel, when was the last time you saw me make plans with someone?” Cas rolled his eyes and walked up to their bus as it pulled up to the school.
“I’m sorry, I was wasted, and I walked back home.” He looked into her eyes, and then away guiltily. “You guys were still having fun, didn’t want to break the mood.”
Benny pulled up not long after, in his beat up chevy 84’, he hadn’t had it long but there were distinct dents in the front bumper, from a rogue deer he and Dean hit while goofing off one night. And from pulling too far forward at the drive in, hitting a pissed off Mrs. Rourkes minivan, and embarrassing the hell out of Billie. Dean opened the door with a creak and threw his cigarette to the street, and they skirted off.
They finished their burgers and ordered a slice of pie for Dean, but Cas ended up asking for a bite and then they might as well have gotten two. Finally, the group of men left, and the two boys tipped as much as they could spare before they made their way back to the car, receiving a grateful look from their waitress.
“Hey Dean,” Benny looked up, “They have ESPN here, we are living it up.” Dean plopped onto the bed and threw his arm across his face, Benny just watched him. “What are you and Pam gonna do?”
He pushed the door open and remembered that Billie, Jo, and Garth were also here. Fuck. This really isn’t something he wanted to announce to half their friends at once. He stumbled into the living room waking up Jo.
“Oh yea, I’ll be going out with a friend soon anyway.” And Dean looked in the mirror at himself, the scar through his left eyebrow, and a faint outline of a bruise on his cheek. He ran his hands through his bleached hair, his roots coming back in darker than he remembered.
“No deals.”
Cas leaned in and kissed him, Dean could taste the beer on his lips and the bourbon on his own. He pulled him in closer and wrapped his hands around Cas’s middle, running his fingers along his spine. Cas pulled himself onto the bed, lips glued to his when the door slammed open. Light from the hallway spilling onto the floor.
“He could have a broken rib.” Billie whispered. “We have to take him to the ER.”
Dean made a silent prayer that John would pass out before he got to the hallway. He listened to the breeze blow into his room and rustle his posters, ears strained listening for footsteps outside his door, but they never came. So, he slumped back on his pillow and waited for morning.
“I wanted to make sure you’re okay.” He looked over Dean’s cuts and his eye and remembered hearing the hits land before he even turned the corner of the house.
“I’m not the queer! This is your fault!” He caught Cas by surprise and hit him across the face, a red mark blossoming on his right cheek. “If you hadn’t interfered, I’d still be in there with Pam!” He landed a hit to Cas’s stomach, making him double over. Pulling him up again by the shoulder his left fist connected with his jaw. Cas was doing nothing to fight back, just pulling his arms up to cover his face. “I. Am. Not. Gay.” Each word landing a hit to the other boy who was scrambling to back up, but he tripped over himself and fell, kicking Dean to the gravel.
“Oh.” Dean knew that he’d find out before long, it was only a matter of when. “It’s not your fault.” He said distantly. Knowing it would be worse to sneak in or just run off, his shoulders slumped, and he headed into the house. Anticipating the worst. John was standing in the kitchen, slamming drawers and kicking furniture out of his way. Handing his duffle bag to Sam, Dean walked in the kitchen, allowing Sam to run back to the bedrooms.
“Get out.” He had decided months ago that he wouldn’t let John keep doing this. They were the ones keeping up jobs and school, paying the bills and moving on. They weren’t going to let John keep coming back and fucking everything up.
Back on Earth, Sam and Jack were panicking. Sam had been trying to push the thought of Dean and Cas being piles of dust on the floor like everyone else in the world. He couldn’t think about Eileen or Jody and the girls. He shook his head and sped up. Already going ninety on the back roads towards Lawrence.
“I ain’t a queer!” Dean says, digging his nails into the flesh of his hands, backing up. Cas’s hands shoot up to cover his face, waiting for Dean to start swinging. But he didn’t. “Stay the hell away from me. Or you’ll be worse off than Gordon.”
“No.” Cas hesitated, “I just came to keep an eye on my little brother. But I see that you are.” This last bit came out accidentally.
“Fine.”
“You aren’t my father, and you aren’t Sammy’s. I had to be. I had to do everything around here, you were too drunk to keep your head on straight. I was the one teaching Sammy to ride a bike, I was the one fixing meals that you couldn’t be bothered to make. It was me.” He took a deep breath. “I never got to be a kid, I had to do everything.” He walked up to John, only a foot away now. “So, get. Out.” John raised his hands to strike him, and huffed his chest up to yell, but he never got the chance. Dean punched him hard in the jaw and shoved him out the way he came. Cas and Sam stood up, rushing to Dean’s side.
“So, this will work?” Amara discussed a transfer of power from Chuck to Jack, and how she’d teach him how to handle the power. It was their best shot. And when it was done, they could kill Chuck. Amara was their last play, last chance to bring back everyone, including Eileen.
“I don’t know.” Dean fidgeted with his lighter but continued, “I guess so.” Cas looked back and sighed, offering him a mug. “Do you live here with just you two?” Dean looked around for any signs of pictures or anything but found none.
“We made a deal. You haven’t seen him, have you?” Dean eyed a shadow moving out of the corner of his eye.
“Hey Sammy, I’m going over to Benny’s. I’ll be back later!” Dean swung the door shut behind him; cigarette already lit as he walked out the door. Things weren’t as bad as they had been at home lately, Dean was itching for it to last a bit longer. His black boots scraped against the ice-littered sidewalk; the sun was already on its way below the houses. Finals had ended out the semester and Dean had done fine in most of his classes, and the ones he hadn’t he’d be taking again in the spring. The spring was always a mad dash for shop kids to get all their credits just so they could graduate. He wasn’t trying to be on the honor roll. Things weren’t too shitty. Christmas was on Wednesday and all he had to do today was show up and get drunk. And by some miracle Donna had invited Gabriel and Castiel, and Benny didn’t question it. Still, only Donna and Jody knew about the two, but Gabriel was cool, and he fit right in. And you couldn’t have just one of the brothers. So, he kicked a rock and pulled his jacket tight against the wind.
“Fuck you Dean!” Cas shouted, and Benny opened the door, seeing the scene before him. Both boys covered in blood and dirt and on their asses. Dean got to his feet and wiped his hands on his pants, the cuts reopened from fighting. Benny grabbed Dean by the arm and hauled him off to the truck, leaving Cas on the ground to regather and watch them leave with a grimace.
“Thanks for tonight man, I had fun.” Dean said as they settled back into the car.
“So, you brought me here to get tetanus?” And Cas let go of Dean’s hand just to hand him a bottle.
“Fuck.” Was all Dean could say. He probably sat there for hours, the earth and leaves warming from his body heat. Hopefully, he wouldn’t remember in the morning, but he knew better than to be so hopeful. Climbing to his feet, Dean pushed himself up sending a sharp pain through his palms. There were eight semi-circle markings, breaking the skin alongside the concrete scrapes from Cas’s back porch. Had he been clenching his fists this whole time? Dean tottered the whole way home and thanked god when he saw his father’s car not in the driveway. He stumbled around back, and pushed his window open lazily before falling to his bedroom floor.
The next few days passed in a blur; Dean regretted the way he spoke to Castiel. Nothing even happened. And Dean was with Pam anyway, he was straight. Other people could be, like that. But not me. He thought to himself, remembering all the times John had used it as an insult and drilled it into them that those kinds of people were messed up. Dean ran his hands through his hair and sat up in his bed. The water had been turned on again, so he figured he could get a shower in before he had to get Pam at 6. Benny was letting him borrow the truck, thank Christ, Dean loved his dad’s car, but hell would freeze over before he could take it to a drive in. “I know what those heathens do at drive ins, I was a stupid kid once too.” Is what John would say. So, he rolled out of bed and jumped into the shower. Feeling the warm water hit his chest, he put his face under the water. His freckles were fading from the fall sun, it was something he always liked about his appearance. Before too long, the water started running cold and Dean ran his fingers through his hair to rinse the soap out and shut the water off.
Jo gasped, “Girlfriend! Thank god, it took him long enough! I figured we be in our sixties before he made a move!”
Dean woke back up about an hour later, in the back of Cas’s car. Gabriel had long since been dropped off. “Where are we?” Dean pushed himself up and leaned over the console.
Around eight, more people had started showing up. A few of the kids had decided to stay the night after all, and the motel owners turned a blind eye to the party because at least they were bringing in business. Most of them had already gotten swimsuits, abandoning jackets and winter clothes in a pile in the rooms. Dean just sat by the pool watching them goof off and hide their alcohol from view. He was pleasantly buzzed, lazily watching the girls and guys alike. Gabriel walked up, alone at first but then Dean saw Cas jog up from the car. Cas looked around quickly before making eye contact with him.
Spiking his hair up with some gel, he said goodbye to Sam, and set off for Benny’s. Benny only lived a block away, so it was never too long of a walk. But nothing in this town was too long of a walk unless you lived out in the countryside, Jody and Garth both lived out in the boonies. Their parents working their land and their mothers selling at the farmers market every Saturday morning.
¬¬¬_____
“Dean!” Sam looked relieved that he had returned, “Chuck, he’s human.”
“She’s, she’s on her way here.” Sam smiled to himself before taking a sip of his beer. “We’re free Dean.”
He hopped in the backseat, behind Garth, groaning when Jo turned on top 40. Billie lived just across town in a nice neighborhood, loosely jumbled between Main Street and the river. By the time they got there, their group had already arrived, except for Jody and Donna. They always seemed to show up a bit later than the rest of them.
“Heya Sammy, I'm heading out. I figure I won't be back till late.”
“No. Didn’t figure I’d need one.” Dean threw the towel around his shoulders before grabbing one for himself. Benny just watched for sign of conflict.
“DAMMIT!” Dean threw a punch through the glass wall and picked up a bar from outside the building, putting all his anger at Chuck and how it was his fault that everything was going wrong now, he threw it through a room window. He walked back to their room and dropped himself on the other bed, falling asleep quickly to the sound of Cas’s soft snoring.
“Man, you’re all kinds of fucked up!” Benny started and then lowered his voice, “He beat the shit out of you and you’re still protecting him?”
“Maybe we can find Amara?” Jack offered.
“I didn’t until a few years ago. Then it clicked I guess.” She shoved her hands in her pockets and leaned up against the truck beside him. “Is this why you and Pam broke up?”
“What the hell happened to you?”
“Yea. It’d be even better if the problem had solved itself when we were gone.” Cas looked at Dean and smiled softly, trying to lighten the situation. He hadn’t expected Dean to love him back, and after all maybe he didn’t. They were in the Empty after all, and Cas wasn’t 100 percent sure that he hadn’t dreamed it.
“Yea well, what do you say we get some food and head out of here. I’m sure Sam and Jack are worried sick.” They grabbed what little they’d had on them from reentering Earth and set out to a grocery store. Cas went in and grabbed some food for the road while Dean worked on hotwiring a car that’d get them back to Lawrence. He tried to not think about what they’d do if Sam never made it back to the bunker. They still had to deal with Chuck and that damn near made his head spin. Finally, the beater started up, right as Cas walked out with a bag of food and water.
Looking at his watch, the boy stood up, and began jogging back home. He pushed open the front door and made his way to the bathroom to shower, shoving Alfie out. Alfie let out a disgruntled murmur, with a mouth full of toothpaste and gave up. Cas pulled his shirt off, exposing his birth marks on his back, two dark spots on his shoulder blades. He kept thinking of Dean. He had noticed him before this year, but he seemed more trouble than he was worth, after all he turned out to be right. And more so, Cas thought Dean was only into women. Guess he missed that one. But now, he hated him. His stupid anger issues, mean face, and freckles, and green eyes, and even his freshly blonde hair. Cas pushed the image of Dean pinning him against the wall and breathing against his neck from his mind and ran his fingers through his short hair.
“Scootch over,” Cas mumbled, “It’s freezing in here.”
“Sammy’s good, he’s actually on a date with his girl right now” And it dawned on him that so was he. “He’s been pining after this girl, Jess since god knows when and he finally got the balls to ask her to the dance and I figure she had been waiting just as long as I was.” Cas watched him with fondness, the way he spoke about his brother like he was so proud of him.
After that night at the motel, several kids had decided to stay the night. The roads were slick from cold rain and so they crammed themselves five to a room. Even though there were two queen-sized beds, the boys were sprawled across the room, one in each bed, two on the floor and one in the pull-out. Cas had settled for the floor as Gabriel took the pull-out and Dean and Garth had since claimed the beds. In the dead of night, Dean woke with a start, breath caught in his chest. At first, he didn’t know where he was, which didn’t help his panic. Awoken by the sounds of Dean’s heavy breathing Cas pushed himself up to sit, and seeing Dean on the bed with his head in his hands, he moved to join him. Dean jumped when Cas sat down next to him, this wasn’t something they did.
Dean looked frantically around the busy hallway, searching for a head of dark curly hair. He didn’t see Cas until lunch block, and Dean left Jody mid-sentence to corner Cas. Jody was pissed at his disregard for her time but threw up her hands and walked to sit with the rest of their friends.
“Well, not a whole lot to say, I guess. Gabe is great as usual, teasing and poking fun all through life. Alfie’s stressed for finals, and Raph and Zach are working their asses off. I wish they didn’t have to, but it keeps the lights on and food on the table. I’m trying to save up some cash to go to college and get a good job so they can relax, but there’s only so much I can do right now.” Dean watched his slender fingers twirl his crucifix and his lips move against his words, he could kiss him right here. “We don’t talk about Luce. He’s in prison, still got a few more years. He kinda went… off the rails.” His eyes darkened at the mention of him, so Dean didn’t press for more information.
He runs a hand behind his neck and walks in, greeting Donna and everyone. No one really notices Dean’s black eye, and for once he is goddamn grateful for his reputation. He’s had more than anyone’s fair share of them, so no one looks twice. He sees a new girl, someone’s cousin, and walks over to introduce himself. She’s a quiet, giggly little thing with stick straight blonde hair. Not his type. But he puts the moves on her. Getting her a drink and asking about her family, what she does when she’s not with them. He lets his eyes work over her on their own accord.
“What?! It’s not like that Sam, we’re just friends.”
“I ought to kill you.” Cas grumbled. Dean saw the dark purple marks littering the base of his neck and collarbones.
“We don’t know that.” Sam tried calling every number he had in the next hour, trying to find anyone who would pick up, but no one did. “I think we need to find Chuck.” And he shouted at the walls of the bunker for Chuck to show his face
“Aw come on. I’ll tell you what happened with Jess if you tell me!”
“Winchester, nice shiner.” Gordon chuckled, popping his knuckles.
“I’m fine.” Dean waved him away, but Cas pulled his hand in to get a closer look. “It’s just a scratch.”
“No, well not directly.” Dean was half naked and barefoot, but his face was still hot with panic. “You won’t tell anyone will you?”
John didn’t always drink like this, well, Dean was sure it wasn’t like this when his mom was still alive. Dean desperately tried to remember how she sounded and looked but it was ages ago, as he got older the harder it got to picture her face. John didn’t keep pictures up around the house which was for the best because when he saw them, he got angry and got mean. But since then, I guess john did drink like this. He was constantly disappearing, sometimes for weeks on end, but his boys almost preferred it. Because at least then they weren’t being bitched at and kicked around. But this meant that dean never got to be a kid, since he can remember he's been taking care of Sammy or John, wiping his puke up off the floor and cleaning up broken glass. But he could never bring himself to run away, who would keep john and Sam from killing each other? It didn’t matter, even though john was a mean Son of a bitch, dean idolized him, he did what he was told and stayed out of the way. But Sammy, he had a mouth on him, which got him into trouble with their dad and when it did, dean always took the brunt of it. But none of this matters, because nobody knew but them.
"Just so you know, that picture was all Dean's idea, not mine." Castiel huffed, crossing his arms and looking slightly like he was pouting.
"Am I missing something between the two of you? Because I feel like you are having your own conversation of something." Sam said, looking between his brother and his...brother in law?
"I now pronounce you married by law and under God. You may kiss your husband." Dean grabbed Cas' face and crushed it to his, feeling the bond blooming open with senses going wild. Castiel's hands found their way around Dean's neck as they exchanged thoughts. They pulled away and Dean grinned.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Because darling, I've got a hell of a gift." He crooned before vanishing with a quick smile. Sam looked up and down the halls, then closed the door.
At that moment, Sam walked into the room holding an open book in his hands.
"No worries. My aunt Jenny was horrible when she was pregnant! Though...she didn't have the powers of Heaven behind her." She mused. Castiel blushed a deep red and left the room to toss away the empty package of Oreos. Dean and Charlie walked out to the library where Sam had been sitting to meet up with him. Charlie gave him a bone crushing hug.
"Dean? Why are you wrapped in paper?"
So, Castiel dragged himself out of his room and shuffled after Dean and Sam down the path to the bar, looking down at his feet as he walked. While most of being human was either painful, annoying, or outright horrid, there were some things that he could now appreciate. The sight of his breath making a fog like creation in the cold night, the hard crunch of his boots on the freshly fallen snow, the obvious sight of snowdrifts carefully piled for optimal sledding; it all made being human almost worth it. Almost.
"NO! I had to tell her the first time! I am not taking the wrath again." Sam argued. Before Dean could hold out his hand for rock-paper-scissors, a hint of inquiry hint his mind.
"Cas, baby. What are you doing?" He stuttered.
"Hey, it's alright. My fear sucked major ass. Don't worry. Plus there are a lot of people who fear flying." Castiel assured him, and the smile on Dean's bright face was worth the entire video.
"Oh please, be quiet. I am not here for Castiel. I need you." Naomi said plainly. Dean scoffed.
"I do not understand what happened, but be assured Dean, I am perfectly normal now." Castiel assured him, stroking his thumb with his own lazily.
"Hello Internet. I have been looking around some of the pages I follow, and apparently, you are all talking about an Impala67 video that came out yesterday,
"Cas?" A familiar voice said, but Cas wasn't able to place it before the member inside of him was pulled out, and he could feel something happening, some kind of fighting. Cas just laid there limply, too caught up in his invalid body's lack of movement to notice that it was Dean who was beating Noah to a pulp on the disgusting floor of the dark room.
"My...sternum?" Sam stuttered, unsure of what that meant for hunting.
"You're right. Now, I am freaking exhausted. I haven't slept right in over ten months. My bed missed me." Dean grinned. Cas smiled mischievously.
"No way. And why is a black room a bad thing?! It think it would kick ass!" Dean steamed. Sam laughed and looked at the color choices.
"Okay...I-I...well, Dean and I forgot to announce this on my last video that I posted with him, but he was the winner of the Newly Friends Game, and he will hopefully be receiving the bragging rights whenever...whenever I see him again." Castiel said the last part very quietly.
"Wait, since when? Is Adam a new baby?"
"Don't you dare say that I would throw it away. For once, I want to do something that I want. Something that will make me happy! Cas is what I want, and you can't see that. Why? You are the one who practically forced us to admit our feelings to each other, so what's your problem now?" Dean demanded, fury rising in his voice. Instead of looking scared, or even sticking his ground, Sam started laughing.
It wasn't much longer that they walked until they got to the bar, and almost right away, Dean was pulled in by some group of scantily clad women, who were all drinking varying drinks that ranged from bright green to almost black in color. Their makeup seemed plastered on, with bright red or pink lips, as well as glittering eyelids. Castiel was nearly sucked in as well, but the long red nails that grasped for him were either pried off or avoided as he stumbled to the actual bar of the establishment. Sam rolled his eyes at his brother, and patted Castiel on the shoulder before he went off to find someone to talk to as well, leaving the ex-angel alone.
"This extremely bad, Sam. If Dean has been gone for only ten days on earth, then that means it is the equivalent of ten months in Heaven. Who knows what has happened to him in that time?" Castiel cried at Sam once he found out where Dean was being held. Sam felt his throat constrict in fear for his brother. Dean was all too familiar with torture, but that did not make it any easier to think about.
"Dammit, Dean. What did you do to Cas?" Sam asked from the doorway. Dean spun around and saw his brother leaning against the frame of the door jam. Dean scoffed and scrubbed the dish unnecessarily hard.
“I am hurt.” Tan said with a frown. “I know it sounds boring, but I promise that when you shop with me, it will be far superior to normal shopping. I just want to show you how to put an outfit together.” Plus he wanted to get the lowdown on Cas and potentially try to convince him to say something while they were alone.
"Hellllooooo, hot stuff. What brings someone like you to a place like this?" The drunk slurred. Castiel furrowed his brows and scooched away from him a little.
Cas asked with assertiveness.
The names were each framed by a pair of intricate wings. Mary Jo's were white, the feathers were interlaced with light spots of grey on the underside, but they were primarily a pure color. Bobby's were coal black, and yet each singular share and design was completely visible. The bottom faded into white a little bit, closely mirroring Mary Jo's. Both pairs were incredible to look at, colors and patterns weaving through seamlessly. They were polar opposites, and yet they had nearly the exact same pattern, and Dean couldn't do much but gape at them.
"What has been the matter with you recently, Dean? You have distanced yourself very much. In fact, we have not had intercourse in over a week. You broke our bond for now ten days and their is no sign that you will open it back up. What has happened?" Castiel pleaded. Dean looked at him calmly and frowned.
"Yeah, is that not a good thing?"
"This...is
"What? What do you do to Mary Jo and Bobby?!" Dean yelled, pulling at his bonds.
“I know we’ve never done this before, but Castiel needs our help too.” Jonathan insisted. “His wardrobe is ill-fitting and it almost looks like it is someone else’s. Not only that, but if you watch him, he’s always looking at Dean. I know he’s only been here for a little bit, but he’s looking at him and waiting for him to say something or do something. He needs to learn how to live for
"Big no no, hot stuff. I was going to be gentle, but you've forced my hand." He whispered in Castiel's ear before trailing sloppy kisses down the column of Cas' throat. Cas was frozen, he couldn't find the strength to pull away, even though he was disgusted by the man. His Grace told him to smite the man, he was a threat to Castiel and the babies' safety, so kill him. The humanity inside Dean's mind that had rubbed off on Cas said to take him to the police for justice. Then the man's hand moved from Cas' wrist to between his legs, and that decided it. Castiel's eyes blazed white and the man was suddenly on the other side of the alley, pinned to the wall by an invisible force that was Cas' Grace. The man immediately sobered, eyes blown wide in fear. "What are you?" He cried out, shaking.
They decided to have the wedding near the end of Cas' first trimester, so he would not be 'the size of a small planet' as Castiel said. It was going to be held in Iowa because same sex marriage wasn't legal in Kansas. Garth, Kevin, Mrs. Tran, Sheriff Jody Mills, and Charlie were all scheduled to meet up in the chapel on December fourth. Sam was set to be the best man, while Charlie was the technical maid of honor, but she insisted on being called the best maid. To the surprise of everyone, Castiel wanted to keep the tradition of white and black, as well as not seeing each other's outfits. After getting his outfit, Cas kept the bond partially closed so that there would be no sneak peaks by Dean. As the day drew nearer, Dean grew more an more nervous, wanting it to go perfectly. When it came time to drive to Iowa, the trio packed up the two garment bags and Sam's new suit into the Impala and drove, only stopping twice for Cas to get something to eat.
What the hell?! Sam's in this too? Jesus Christ! Professional cockblocker." A shaggy haired man poked his head into the room, confusion on his face. "Why are you talking about cockblocking for another dude?" The man asked, and Dean sighed. "Sammy, go away. You're not in this video."
"That's rude. I didn't make fun of your song."
"Hello Dean. Hello Sam. That is a very nice color choice, and I thank you for the black and white paint." Cas said as he came in and gave Dean a peck on the cheek. Castiel's belly was a monster, causing his normal, graceful movements to be hindered greatly. However, Dean noticed the 'pregnant glow' that everything he read ever said. He could feel it and see it. The bond practically burned with Cas' happiness and excitement for days to come. It made Dean happy to know that his husband was so joyful nowadays.
"I swear, when I get out of this, you are going to wish you were in Hell to get away from me, you bitch!" Dean spat, tears rolling down his face in anger and sadness. Before she could say some smart ass comment, Sam burst through the doors and took in the scene.
Dean did it often when he was upset or lonely, why not him? Cas thought with a shrug. He grabbed his trench coat to cover his belly and walked out of the bunker. Castiel knew there was one not too far, so he would walk (waddle). It didn't take too long to get there, he stood outside and looked at the neon sign flashing brightly.
Cas widened his eyes, as he remembered that the witch had tossed Sam like a rag doll across the room. The two ran over to where Sam was trying to get up, rubbing his head.
"Fine, I'll make a more
"Well, you guys aren't technically married, just mated. Have you ever thought of making it official?" Sam asked. That made Dean and Castiel turn in attention.
"Is that what you feel against your Grace?" Dean asked, gaping at the angel's stomach. Castiel nodded.
"What are you talking about? I don't think I was mad today, why would I be?" Dean looked confused. Cas widened his eyes.
"In Heaven, angels can see your wings in their true form, so they are kind of like a status symbol. The more intricate your wings, the higher in command you are. I was leader of my garrison, therefore i had the most decorated pair in my sector of Heaven. You should've seen Gabriel's wings. There were six of them and all were gold and white. It was breathtaking to see." Cas stopped talking, but his mind continued on to think about Heaven and his siblings. Dean got a lump in his throat, unable to talk any more.
"Be patient, Dean. You are my present. I get to unwrap you however I want. Also, if I want to leave the bow on my present, that's my choice." Cas smiled mischievously. Dean finally got it, and widened his eyes and looked into the blue orbs that he loved.
“Thank you.” He smiled into the kiss.
He didn’t meet her eyes and saw that he walked back with only one cup, and he had emptied it out in the hall. “Oh uh, I forgot. Sorry.” He turned to leave again, but she stopped him and lowered her voice so that only he could hear.
“Throw it.” He smiled and picked one up for himself chucking it with all his might at the wall. The little glass pieces shimmering in the moonlight and tinkling against the shard-covered floor. “It’ll make you feel better, go ahead.” Dean threw his bottle and watched the glass explode into a million little pieces. The moon was shining right through the skylight, refracting beautifully all over the room, and dancing across Cas’s skin. It did make him feel a little better.
Later that evening, Dean brushed the lint off of Sam’s button up and ruffled up his hair. “Aw my precious baby boy going on a date.” He clutched at his chest and mimicked a weeping mother.
“Do you want me to lock the door?” Cas said, his voice barely a whisper. Dean only nodded, staring still at the crack under the door, just waiting for John to barge in and catch them. They would be exposed if he did, both of them in just their boxers, clothes strewn across the floor and faces flushed with heat.
“Was what me?” Dean was swaying with the music.
The kids drank their fill, some more than others. Jo and Garth ended up having to stay the night, Garth had passed out before the rest of them even started to head home. Dean’s head was spinning like a top and he was sure his fingers had fallen off because he couldn’t feel them, but he watched Cas move to grab his things, and he wished he could grab him right here and now. He remembered the other night and grinned.
