His dad seemed to be doing exactly the same thing, a small step back and another clearing of his throat as he tried to gather himself together. "And... if I want to have this conversation? Man to man?"
drunk -"
"That's no excuse. You should be paying more attention."
The ballroom itself was, though small on the scale of how big the house was, glorious. The chandeliers, the first things that anyone would notice upon entering this particular room, were in a row of five across the ceiling and seemed to be on a lower setting than John would have expected; though he couldn't quite explain why he found that it made them even more mesmerising to gaze upon, somehow in their dimmer beams making the little shimmering crystal droplets sparkle their rainbow cacophony with a defiant determination, stubborn in their conviction to render the viewer momentarily speechless. John certainly wasn't immune to their charm, his eyes fixating upon them as he followed Mycroft, Wanda and Tim through the winding maze of people, only able to tear his gaze away when they stopped in front of two people in order for Wanda and Tim to express their greeting.
"So, Mummy – are we expected to attend the village ball on Friday?"
"I said," the voice was now almost deadly quiet, enough to stop John in his tracks, "
"So what's the problem?"
to be in each other's lives as much as they were. They had chosen to spend the last month with barely a day spent without having seen one another. They had chosen each other as much as anyone can choose anything.
he'd meant it. There was something else, too, something wrong with the situation – Sherlock's tone was odd, an edge of desperation or a quality equatable to it making the question seem as if it wasn't as straightforward a demand as it first seemed, an extra meaning that John couldn't even begin to define. He felt his fists unclench and raise to his face, barely conscious of what he was doing as he rubbed them over his face.
His eyes were empty as he regarded her. "Then please explain to me why I feel so frustratingly impuissant. Tell me how it is that I have opened myself up further than I have to anyone else in my life before and yet, rather than strong, I simply feel… lackadaisical. Torpid." He stopped posturing about with his vocabulary and repeated his initial evaluation. "Weak."
When William spoke it was in low tones, quiet, dangerously so. "It's an easy slide into substance abuse when you have depression, John. One night of drinking could all too easily turn into another, then another, another until finally you're drinking first thing in the morning and last thing at night. You've seen the statistics in class, you're not an idiot."
John grinned back. "Not that I'd admit to, so you can keep on guessing."
"Sher..." The word was interrupted by a breath hitching in the smaller man's throat, a fluttering of eyelids as they closed against Sherlock's heated gaze; no, Sherlock wanted to see, he wanted to see every colour in John's eyes and every heightening of emotion. Action had to be taken, evidence had to be analysed. This was not acceptable, the avoidance of the situation had to be discontinued.
“I’m pathetic?” Sherlock’s lips twisted into an unseemly sneer, his eyes tightening as he looked his brother up and down with blatant malice. “Says the man who has never even attempted to delve into the social cesspit that is humankind.”
"Anything I told him was not without a fight." Sherlock could not meet John's eyes, constantly shifting his gaze around the room. "I was... unwell at the time. He has ways of knowing who I'm talking to and isn't afraid to push me for answers when I'm perhaps more vulnerable to coercion than usual."
get to choose someone to take a drink. Hmmm." His index finger and thumb came to rest on his jaw, eyes swivelling around the circle as he pretended to think. "Whoooo shall I pick?
John bit back his irritation and forced himself to nod, knowing this wasn't the time or the place though determined that one day it would be and one day Sherlock would have to respond to his many questions. "All right. We'll move on."
The groan that escaped his lips was nothing short of frustrated. “God, are you kidding me? That's not what I meant, Harry, and you know it -”
"Look for the girl with the broken smiiiiile," Katie joined in, "ask her if she wants to stay a whiiiiile and she WIIIIIIILL BE LOOOOOOVED -"
Walking past Sherlock into the living room, settling himself down on the soft leather sofa and leaning back in the hopes that he could at least appear to be completely nonchalant – as he had been trying to appear all evening – John watched as Sherlock passed him and settled, naturally, into his armchair; the taller man crossed his legs elegantly and allowed himself a few moments of silence before he began to speak.
“I'm terribly late,” he mumbled, taking two steps back, hand stretched out behind him towards the door – in this motion she caught a flash of his upbringing, his inability to be impolite and turn his back on a person ranked above him regardless of how cornered or stressed he was clearly feeling. “I really must go, I am sorry.”
“And I’ve been waiting for the right time to say that...”
"Oh, John, I'm sorry," Harry was practically gasping, "I'm so sorry but it's
"Well then," Wanda cut in before Mycroft could say something undoubtedly harsh in return, a look of pure determination on her face, "that's settled. John, have you ever been to Portsmouth?"
John stared at his friend incredulously. "No… no, that wasn't obvious. At all."
talk to you."
Without a single moment spared, John released his grip on Sherlock's hand and steadily made his way back over to the mince which was now brown, burned and bubbling amidst some very, very hot tomatoes. His hands betrayed him as they picked up the spatula, trembling enough that he had to close his eyes for just a minute to bring his racing heart back down to earth and cease the shaking fingers that slowly wrapped themselves around the handle of the frying pan.
"An hour and fifteen minutes ago you challenged me to get drunk and enjoy myself; naturally I was sceptical and unwilling yet I had made a deal with you to spend an hour at the party and therefore my only choices were to either detach myself from you and spend my time being rubbed against by strangers or to join you and Greg in a game so utterly ridiculous that I'm still somewhat amazed that I didn't leave fifteen minutes ago. Seeing as how you were so certain that enjoyment would come alongside inebriation I chose to go along with the rules of the game regardless of how idiotic they were, not to mention that this is most certainly the lesser of two evils and at least in this instance I can exact my revenge on the two of you for insisting I come downstairs and join this cesspit of a party when I would have been quite happy staying in my room for the entire evening."
John stared into the darkness ahead of him. "I... don't think I've ever felt that before. I didn't think there was a difference."
"John..."
want to say. “I... worry about you. About how your current situation will affect your... general well-being.”
His vision was hazy but he could see perfectly well enough to note how the tall genius was kneeling beside him, head bent to watch his own hands moving over the bandage he was wrapping around John's injured hand; he looked very focused, utterly determined. His face was impassive but there was something behind the look that John hadn't really seen before – or had he? In the restaurant, the flash in Sherlock's eyes after John had joked about Jim and speed-dating. It was like that. Fierce. Yes, fierce, but not just that. His mind fought against the fog and tried to find the right word but it was hiding just out of range so that he could not quite reach out and pull it down to rest on his tongue, which was frustrating when he was genuinely certain that it was an important thought to process -
John eyed him for a moment, taking in his calm composure. “You’re being very open. I appreciate that. Admire it, too.”
– to kiss him once more, his lips pressing to Sherlock's gentler than the first time, almost as if he were capturing them between his own and, rather than taking a kiss,
"No," John said, shaking his head once again. "You're wrong. We
"You're a bloody idiot," John murmured, his fingertips pressing hard against Sherlock's chest, "and so am I. Because all it bloody took was a bloody song from your bloody violin and suddenly I'm absolutely certain that if you'd just done that last week we wouldn't even have had to go through all of this."
Either he would have to be painfully honest or he'd have to lie; he wasn't sure which he would rather do. "Did Mycroft not explain?"
Light off, curtains drawn and laptop sat in its usual place on the chair opposite him, John stared down at his phone screen with barely a flicker of emotion on his taut face. So, Mycroft had taken Sherlock home. He hadn't got to say goodbye, or any of the other thousands of things he probably needed to say, and now he was expected to simply crawl back into his hole and stay there until Mycroft decided that there was something more for him to do.
The sound changed; Harry's voice was suddenly much crisper, closer. She'd taken him off of loud-speaker. "I'm glad you called me."
"It's fine, Sherlock, you've apologised and I've accepted. You can leave now."
and have a good time."
But he had a duty to his best friend to be understanding. So he had to try. "Sherlock -"
Sherlock let out the mother of all sighs from between pursed lips. “Don’t be pedantic, John. My point is that no matter what came from the situation I am well aware that most likely you found
would be the bad influence..."
John nodded slowly. "Yeah. Yeah, it was. The lasagne went down well."
"Doesn't answer my question..." John muttered, lifting the glass to his nose and giving it a sniff; good god, it was definitely at least a quarter full of alcohol. There was quarter of a pint of sambuca in this glass. Greg was trying to kill him. "Sherlock, I apologise in advance because I'm going to be absolutely hamm-" He turned, words trailing as he watched Sherlock drain his entire glass. "Sherlock, what the hell are you doing?!"
"Mycroft?"
Eyes widening and mind unable to keep up, John shoved past the shrubbery and gripped the ledge of the windowsill, throwing his leg over into the open window and throwing his body weight into the empty space inside; he fell through gracelessly, staggering as he dragged his other leg through and finding himself quite without balance as he reached out into the dark room for something to grab onto -
For the first time it made sense to him, standing on the doorstep with faintly sweating palms and a twisted sense of nostalgia swimming within his head... the reason he had found it so hard to see exactly what was in front of him in regards to Sherlock's feelings was simply because he had always been avoidant. It was an odd realisation, the dawning realisation that he tended to move on from things before they'd ever even been dealt with; it threw up a few warning sirens within his head, alerting him to the possibility of this having a negative impact on not only his new situation with Sherlock but also on his life as an adult in general. His mother, in her avoidance, had let a problem stew and develop and become something life-alteringly awful to the point where the only way that she
"Clearly it's my turn to make an absolute fool of myself for your sake, John, so shut up for a moment and just listen so that I can get this out of the way."
"Yes, you did," John clarified with a shrug, his voice suddenly far quieter and almost achingly hollow, "so don't bother denying it. You were angry at me for being there, for... what happened. So you saw it as only fitting that you make it impossible for me to want to stick around. Me being here just reminds you of what sent you here in the first place. You took all of that anger and you directed it right back at me." His sentences were short, to the point. He couldn't hash about with sugar-coating. There was obviously no point. "Don't tell me you weren't trying to hurt me when you think it's the very thing that I deserve."
them hire it for me, I was practically forced," John argued, the heat from the pan mixing with the heat of his irritation, "though for the record I'm grateful to them for even bothering when it's obvious that this is a complete and utter waste of time. It's not like I could turn them down when they seem to be under the misapprehension that I'm somehow going to be of some use to you by being here."
"Young man?" Sherlock smirked and dragged the bowl of mushrooms towards him, "I'm not sure that's an entirely accurate description..."
"Oh god," John moaned, grabbing Sherlock's glass for him and gesturing to the girl opposite him. "Could you pass me the vodka? And some lemonade?"
him do so had probably not set the best first impressions of friendship. He couldn't help it; he felt bad.
"Exactly -"
God, it was like talking to a child. John almost pitied him. "You're doing fine so far. I mean, you're irritating beyond belief sometimes, but everyone has flaws. Just... be...
The whirlwind-level of sentiment which he held for the man who was currently staring at him in slight concern was still unsettling. He realised, a few moments too late, that he should have spoken.
John's head jerked back slightly, bewildered. "What? Why?"
"Wait a second," John interrupted, frowning, "I don't think comparing me to Mycroft is exactly
Sherlock sighed, backing himself up and settling himself down into his desk chair once more, his body directed towards John but his eyes focused on the cream carpet at their feet. “Oh, well, all right - I’m sure he enjoys your company too but the fact is that if you weren’t here, neither would I be. She doesn’t want you to leave because she knows I’ll follow suit.”
"Very good. I can see why he likes you, you follow instructions so well."
"Yeah, yeah, hello." He could feel practically feel the waves of hesitation coming from Sherlock standing beside him, awkwardly lingering without knowing whether he should stay or leave; still irritated, John reached up and grabbed Sherlock's wrist, pulling him down until he was perched on the edge of the bed. "What do you want?"
He set to work on a response as soon as he had finished.
– and had to take a drink himself, taking obvious pleasure in John's deep groan as he too had to take a drink... John was starting to consider the idea that Sherlock was in fact a sadist, utterly intent to send him into oblivion with the sheer amount of alcohol he was consuming. The only positive that John could see so far was that after having to down his sambuca and lemonade for his first
"I'll see to it that he gets home safely," Sherlock's voice said carelessly from behind John, though if his ears were working correctly John picked up a tone of authority within it that he had not heard before now. "Don't worry, Greg. Get back to the party."
one -"
"So he doesn't want me here. I'm not exactly shocked."
you're dramatic. You just don't yet grasp the gravity of the effect my name can have within the underbelly of London."
"Would you please explain this to me, I still have no idea how this is even remotely possible." Sarah looked thoroughly confused.
She stood up and came over to a stool at the end of the table. "Sorry Sherlock, but you're going to have to have lots of exams in the near future. I need to do an ultrasound on you ovaries and a complete pelvic exam."
He went into his bedroom and put on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt. Sherlock had bought ten of each last week, feeling far too uncomfortable for his usual suits.
"No. I'm thirty-two days pregnant. I'm a surrogate for Mary and John. Mary can't have kids, so I offered to carry their child."
"Okay, how about seven o'clock here? I'll order take out. Chinese?"
hasn't. Why don't we both go sit down and tell Mary what a Intersexuality is, and then you can ask your questions and I will do my best to answer them."
The steal door creaks open, and for a second Sherlock thinks that the torturer was leaving, and that he'll get a break. His hopes are crushed with cruel force when he sees who is standing in the doorway.
"Are you sure Sherlock? Think of how bad the dysphoria will be. And you'll have to give up a little baby!" his maman said.
When he came back, he had a text waiting for him on his phone. It read '
"What do you mean you're not even sick?! If it's not drugs and it's not an illness then what the hell could it be? Not that bloody eating disorder again, is it?" Greg looked really confused.
"I know all of this. My ankles and fingers would swell, I would probably get morning sickness, I'd get cravings, even
There will be Johnlock, I promise!
"Mycroft rescued me at the end of the fourth month and brought me back to London. I spent two weeks recovering from the worst of my injuries and getting surgery on my ribs before coming back to see you again. If it is okay with you I would rather not go into too much detail about how they tortured me, but you may see my scars if you like."
"No. You don't need to distract me, just do it." she shook her head at him seeing through her tricks. The doctor pushed the needle in and drew two vials of blood into white-capped bottles. Next she gave Sherlock a cotton ball to hold over the pinprick.
Sherlock's watch beeped. Two o'clock.
Sherlock hadn't thought about that yet. "I don't know what to do. What do you and Mary want? You are the parents after all." oh, how it pained Sherlock to say that.
"Congratulations! That's amazing news" Lestrade said. He was taking it way better than Molly for some reason.
"Bye bye. Sorry, but I don't quite feel like standing up, is that okay?"
"I need help with the last injection. I know I said I could do it, but it's so big! So, can I come in?" Sherlock asked.
"You're not afraid of injections are you, Mr. Holmes?" the doctor asked her patient.
"Have you ever heard of the word intersex?" The detective asked.
"Yes. I told you it wouldn't hurt. You can go and change back into your clothes now and be on your way. Don't forget the progesterone, I've given you enough for two weeks there. You can inject that stuff into your arms as well so that should be easier pain-wise. After twelve days you need to come back and we will do a blood pregnancy test. Don't take any home pregnancy tests, because they probably won't give you an accurate reading. I'm sorry but I've got to go now, there's another patient waiting. Good luck, Sherlock." she walked out quickly, clipboard in hand.
"You bastard!" Mr Lawson yelled as they all stood up. "You psychotic, tranny bastard!"
"The pain should pass in a few days tops. If the pain killers don't work then do some exercises like sit-ups, they sometimes help."
Woman.
"Okay then. If you would all just sign these papers saying you agree to be on live television then we can let you get back to your day."
Today they were going to get the first clear ultrasound picture. It was the start of week nine, meaning the baby was about the size of a cherry. Sherlock sat on the bed next to the monitor and stared at the model of a pregnant lady's uterus across the room. John and Mary sat together on chairs pulled up to next to the bed.
"No, I'm not. I'm fine with injecting myself as well, so don't worry." Sherlock replied. An awkward silence settled over them when they realised why that was. Sherlock cleared his throat and said, "Am I right in thinking that they need to be in my thighs or lower stomach?"
"I promise that I won't touch drugs or alcohol or coffee-" Sherlock said before John interrupted him.
Growing up no one suspected much until he was about twelve. All of his teachers thought he was a boy, all of his classmates thought he was a boy, and that was all that really mattered to him. Then came the horrors of puberty. Sherlock had the
John hadn't thought of Sherlock craving company before. "I'm sorry. I didn't think. Why don't you try and meet someone? A romantic partner, I mean."
Sherlock continued. "I told them that I would carry their baby for them. At first they thought I was mocking their situation, (which for the record, is something I would never do), but then I explained."
The other line went quiet for a moment.
"We will only use a surrogate if we like them and know them first, and the same goes for the egg donor. I once treated a little boy who came into the world through donor conception, and because his parents didn't know the genetic father, they didn't know a lot of the child's family history. When he was seven he was taken into hospital for headaches that turned out to be a brain tumour that tends to be genetically recurring. If anyone had told his family that he was at risk then that child would have been saved so much pain. I don't want to put that risk on a kid."
"You too. Please, come in. Sherlock and Mary are upstairs." John held the door open for her as she walked in.
"Okay. I'll get to work on it. Can I borrow your laptop?"
John opened the door. The woman on the other side looked to be in her mid thirties, with red hair that was artfully done up in a bun. She clearly spent a lot of time on her outfit as well, her clothes were all pristine and matching; the colours all varying shades of blue.
John wished he never knew all of this. "You are a rape victim." he said, tone even.
"No, the other person we know with parents that mean. Yes of course my brother."
He took a deep breath before saying, "No. It would be an honour to be either one of those for you. So have
"I told you I'll see what I can do! The people working on it have exhausted all of their leads though, they are about to call it a closed case. It's already been open for two months, I don't think even you will be able to solve it. She just disappeared while at the park with her parents. The cctv cameras haven't caught anything either. It's tragic, but that's just the way some cases go."
He turned sideways so he could see the shape of his stomach in the mirror. Sure enough, a small bump protruded out of his lower abdomen.
"Let's go to a restaurant and celebrate. You in Greg?" John asked.
They spent the next half hour going over the details of the pregnancy and what would happen in the interview. Sherlock was starting to get nervous. "When is the interview going to be?" he asked.
"Yes, I know. Thank you. I'm going to go now. Can I take this home?" Sherlock spoke.
Silence followed. Then Sherlock shouted, "For the love of god say something!"
"It came back... well we got the result we wanted." Sherlock smiled widely and rested a hand on his belly.
"It's Greg. And please don't come to any more crime scenes if you don't feel up to it. I can drop things by your house if you like, or email and text-" Sherlock interrupted him.
John started at the unexpected statement. "What do you mean?"
"Do you have the sample, Dr. Watson?" Dr. Clarke asked.
John ignored him. Instead, he put his hand on Sherlock's lower belly, feeling the bump for himself.
This was the email John, Mary, and Sherlock received that evening. With a few quick texts sent on the group chat Mary had set up for them, it was agreed that they would all meet up fifteen minutes beforehand outside the BBC's main office.
"Good." was her short reply that left no room for discussion.
Sherlock looked into the middle distance for a minute with an absent look in his eyes before shaking his head slightly and turning back to John and Mary. "After I returned from my...travels abroad during the two years you thought I was dead -so sorry about that by the way- Mycroft took me back to Dr. Clarke, and then again after the drugs. Remarkably there was no permanent damage to my reproductive organs, although the same couldn't be said for my kidneys. Thanks to Mycroft though I still have two working ones."
"Awww, so sweet of you." Sherlock said sarcastically. "Thanks, John."
"It's killing her seeing me sick! Having a feeding tube down my nose makes me look really ill, and it's making her stressed. Every single test Dr Clarke has done has come back fine, and I am doing literally everything right."
"That we could have something to do with it?! How dare you Mr Holmes! We loved our daughter!" Mr Grayson had colour rising in his cheeks at an alarming rate.
Sherlock spent the next ten minutes looking around the room for clues. John was chatting with Lestrade about the whole 'Clueing for looks' escapade, until Sherlock turned to him and asked him urgently, "Shit, John, what time is it?"
"Yes, that would be nice." Sherlock tucked his shirt back in and sat properly on the sofa. John pressed a few buttons on the remote and eventually settled on the news.
The presenter continued his questioning by saying, "Okay, so you believe that it should be up to the teenager about whether or not they transition. But what if the parents oppose it, say for religious reasons? Surely it is better for the family if the child stays as they are."
"She's going to hit a growth spurt soon. I sure can't wait for that." Sherlock said sarcastically.
John looked to Mary for support in this and she nodded firmly. After hearing this Sherlock tried to think of anyone who would possibly be a surrogate for Mary and John. There was Molly, of course, who would almost certainly be kind enough to give up her uterus for nine months to allow Mary and John to have a child. Mary's friend Janine might have done it in the past, if Sherlock hadn't broken up their fake relationship in one of the cruelest ways possible. Mary didn't have many other friends, and certainly none that are close enough for her to consider asking them to be her surrogate.
The guy probably got the lines off of a TV show.
"I'm going to go wash my hands and put on some gloves." John went into the kitchen. Sherlock felt a bit nervous when he came back.
Sherlock answered, "I don't know exactly how she is, but I know she doesn't have any injuries or the like. The kidnappers actually meant to take her friend Jasmine. Jasmine's parents are involved in drug trafficking, and Isabella was being kept at a warehouse with facilities to make cocaine and methamphetamine. Everyone is in custody." both parents gasped.
"What was Isabella wearing on the day she was taken?"
"The food will be here soon. Do you want to go boil some eyeballs until then?" John joked.
"I think more of you. You are so selfless for doing this, love. John and Mary are very lucky to have you as a friend."
"Wow. That... is certainly not what I was expecting. You're actually pregnant?"
"How is she?"
"Do you want to know how I did it?" Sherlock's eyes were drier now, the hormone induced mood swing having dissipated.
"How did she take it?" John asked.
"Why don't you live there?"
"John, come wait outside with me." John stood up from his chair and went outside with the other doctor.
"Yeah, I'd like that. Now help me up, I need to get dressed."
"Because I like an egg on a pizza," Greg answered.
"This is insane." Greg said.
"Surgeries are weird. It feels like I've been unconscious for less than a second."
"I've only seen you cry twice before. The first time at Baskerville and the second time was-"
"Yes. My usual orders, please."
Sherlock and Lestrade turned away to give them some privacy. "You can go home if you want. You've done a great job and you shouldn't be up this soon after an operation."
"Yes it's me. What's the result." his heart was beating as loudly as gunfire in his chest.
"That man knew you were under the influence, and he exploited your addiction. That was completely unethical, and not to mention illegal."
"No, I had a surgery last night."
"Not at the moment. It can hurt a bit when it's actually connected to something, but obviously it's not right now. By the end of the week I might have a few blisters which wont be pleasant, but it's worth it. And I'm not dying. I'm not even sick."
Sherlock's eyes went wide. Twenty four! That was certainly more than anyone expected.
"My name is Sherlock Holmes. I am the worlds only Consulting Detective. My birthday is the sixth of January, and I turned 37 this year. I live in London at 221b Baker Street, and I am there now. I live with John Watson. He is not a threat. He is kind. Nobody will hurt me or John. My name is Sherlock Holmes..." he repeats these eight sentences a few times before opening his eyes again.
"I'm so sorry." Sarah said.
"Your brother?"
"Did you catch whoever did this?"
"I will have plenty of clothes and toys for the baby by then. Why don't you go upstairs and have a lie down, you've been up for a long time. I'll bring you up some tea in a minute, love."
"No, when you
"Okay." John answered Sherlock's question.
"More than you can imagine, John. I was really rather depressed before you came along. The only people I had in my life were my brother, Mrs Hudson, and Lestrade. And I was never very good friends with any of them. Why do you think I still talk to you when you're away, if I'm not just lonely?"
"Oh, '
Then he went to change out of his suit into something more comfortable. Sherlock selected his only pair of jeans, and put a black T-shirt on underneath his dress shirt. That way when the doctor did her inevitable ultrasound on his lower abdomen he wouldn't get anything expensive covered in jelly.
"I own it."
"I'm not, well I am, but, umm, that's a whole other conversation. I am not coming out to you with my sexual orientation. Do you know what intersex means? I assume you do, Molly, being a pathologist and all."
John felt embarrassed for being caught. "You're glowing, Sherlock."
"Where's John?" were the first words Sherlock said after the anaesthetic wore off.
"We won't know for another few months, I'm afraid."
"I one hundred percent support that, Sherlock. Are you sure though, you'd get a lot of hate for it and many clients would stop coming to see us for help. It would be quite dangerous mate." John sipped his coffee.
"Sure." The detective passed over the laptop he was partially sitting on. "Here you go. The password is ex59sabny%-."
"But John look! The finger prints are facing away from the body!" John, Sherlock, and Lestrade stood in the newly appointed detective chief inspector's office. Sherlock's phone rang, his ringtone Handel's Messiah.
"Are you finished? I'm going to start charging you if it takes you this long!" shouted Sherlock.
Sherlock did see. The cold hard pain of the fact that he would be giving up the baby in a few short months manifested into an ache in his chest worse than ten broken ribs. "I see her."
"It means that an individual, whether they identify as male, female, or something else, was born with different sexual characteristics. This means that a baby girl could be born with a testes as well as her ovaries, and the opposite can be said for boys."
"Of course mate. Of course." the two men stared at each other for a long moment.
"Oh, damn damn damn damn damn!" Sherlock whisper-shouted. He then dug into his pocket for something, ignoring John's question. He pulled out two pink pills and one white one.
"Good. I would have gone out and killed him otherwise." John wasn't lying. He had killed for Sherlock before, and he would do it again, as many times as needed.
"It's okay. John and I were trying to have children, so when we found out that I couldn't, we started looking into other options."
"Sherlock! Sherlock please wake up! Please!" John begs.
Sherlock called Lestrade. He answered after the third ring. "Hello?"
"Yes."
"Now that's surprising, but I still think of you the same way, mate. Molly?" Lestrade said.
"For what?" he asked.
"John wait, I'm serious!" Sherlock shouted, panicked by his best mate's wrong interpretation of his suggestion. He stood up and walked swiftly over to the door way, blocking John's path out of the situation.
John smiled at his wife. "We tried for a year, and when Mary still wasn't pregnant we went to the doctor. They ran some tests and it turned out that it would be impossible for Mary and I to have a child together."
"Twenty minutes. Everything went according to plan." John smiled.
I haven’t updated in ages. I’d say I was busy, but that would be a lie. I’m just lazy, sorry! :)
"Oh, you don't know-" the woman said before being interrupted by Sherlock saying, "The drugs. She meant rehab from the cocaine. It can actually be quite painful."
"Then yes, that was most likely morning sickness. You've started having it very early though, it doesn't usually happen until the fourth week of pregnancy at the earliest. You were implanted exactly two weeks ago, which means you've probably only been pregnant ten or eleven days."
His finger traced the few track marks along his great saphenous vein, and then disinfected the area with a wipe. He quickly injected the hormones into himself with practised ease, before hearing the door open.
"Okay sure."
"I'll book an appointment with Dr. Clarke as early as possible. She will probably give me some pill or injection to take for the next few months."
Sherlock watched the man's face change into a practiced appearance of sympathy. "You have my sincerest condolences."
"I know I don't look like it anymore. It used to always be either drugs or starving myself. Don't worry, I have been clean of anorexia and mostly clean of illegal substances ever since I met you."
In the distance, through the pain, he thinks he hears someone. The voice gets louder, and the sound clearer. He thinks he hears his name sound over and over again.
Please kudos and comment, it means so much to writers.
"Mary and I will go away and talk about this Sherlock. You need to do the same. How about we come back on Monday -it's a bank holiday, if I'm not mistaken- and talk again then?" John asked Sherlock.
"Okay, okay! I've got something for you here, just calm down! You're not asthmatic are you?"
"So you think the child should sacrifice their happiness for the sake of their parents?" Sherlock couldn't believe what this man was saying.
"If you mean that my body's overall blood flow has increased rapidly in the last week or so along with my skin getting oilier, therefore making my skin look brighter, then yes, I do believe that I am glowing. If you mean that you are seeing myself quite literally glowing, -Baskerville style, if you will-, then I suggest booking an appointment with either a psychiatrist or a neurologist. Both would be preferable."
"Now what do you want to use, pads or tampons?" she asked.
"John, I want to tell my parents."
Sherlock stuffed a few tissues into the underwear that he would be throwing away soon and got his phone. He went on to the favourites section and selected Mary's name, and waited for her to pick up.
"John, I finished. Read it." Sherlock passed his computer over to his friend.
Jennifer got out the tube of ultrasound jelly and squeezed some onto the end of the wand. She then placed it onto his lower, slightly distended abdomen. Sherlock didn't flinch at the cold.
"I'm just trying to be nice. No need to be a smart-arse." Sherlock smiled.
this hurts a lot more than I thought it would."
"We really can't thank you enough Sherlock. Very few people would be prepared to do this for someone else. I'm sure Mary will agree that we owe you for the rest of our lives." John thanked him.
"Because I am one. A hermaphrodite, that is. I have a complete female reproductive system." Sherlock felt a bit uncomfortable talking about this with the eighty-something year old.
"No. Actually, how painful will it be afterwards? And I mean honestly, not the reassuring crap they put online."
"Sherlock!" John snapped.
The thought of drinking or eating anything right now made Sherlock physically gag. John took that to mean no.
Sherlock ran his hand over it and felt an indiscernible emotion settle at the back of his throat. After a few minutes of simply standing there and staring Sherlock got out his tape measure from the cabinet below the sink. He wrapped it around himself and saw that he had only grown by three inches, so people would be unlikely to notice it.
Rather than bother Mary and John with the news of a barely-there bump, Sherlock went back to his room and got dressed. It wouldn't be his baby anyway, so there was no use getting excited over it.
feeling alright?" Then Sherlock gestured to his plate. "Would you like me to make you one?"
your death. You didn't kill yourself, because you are sitting here right now."
"I brought you some intravenous ondansetron to help with the nausea. It's used to treat cancer patients going through chemo or radio therapy, but it can also help in extreme morning sickness. Give me your arm." Sherlock gave him his arm. John took out a small bottle of the drug and emptied it into a syringe. The doctor then stuck it into his arm.
"My notebook's there. It has every measurement I have taken. Should be useful." Sherlock pointed at the far end of the sofa. John reached over and picked it up. He flicked through and frowned at some of the numbers.
-Irena. N
"Television. It will convince more people that I am telling the truth. If I just said it over the radio, then people could say I am making it up, or worse, mocking people. If I do it over the TV, I can wear clothes that accentuates the bump."
"Where is the room?" Sherlock enquired. Lestrade meanwhile was busy choking on a piece of doughnut that had gotten stuck in his throat. The consultant thumped him on the back a few times.
Sherlock's eyes flickered open. "Come to stick me with needles?"
Since the first time he vomited because of Lestrade's egg he hadn't been able to keep much down. The list of triggers he started in the moleskine notebook grew until it took up four pages, and at that point he just wrote down 'all smells, all food,' as triggers for the morning sickness.
"Bonne nuit à toi aussi, mon amour. Fais de beaux rêves."
The monochromatic wavy lines crossing the screen morphed. Sherlock tried to make sense of them, with no luck.
"I hope this is not all that I become."
"John, you should tell Mary now." Sherlock said.
"Drugs? No. No no no no no. If you don't belive me I'll pee in a cup and you can send it off to Molly. I'm just happy. It's a great
Sherlock got started on the next email. It read,
"Now this is the thing that is going to be a bit shocking. Mary, John, could you start please?"
The door knocked. "I'll get it!" Mary said. She ran downstairs and greeted the guests. From the sound of it, Greg and Molly had arrived together.
"Yes." he accepted the call.
John seemed slightly satisfied with that answer, but still looked a bit suspicious. Dr Clarke looked at Sherlock with concern and mouthed "
"He called it a present."
"Do you have any questions about the operation?"
"I should let you sleep." John says, about to stand up.
"I was visiting Harry three days ago! I had no idea you were showing!"
"What do they say?" Sherlock fiddled with the tube.
John couldn't stand the thinly disguised self-hatred Sherlock was showing. It made his skin crawl to hear it. "Some of that is true, I agree. But so much of it isn't. Trust me Sherlock, there are plenty of people out there who would fall in love with you, despite the literal skeletons in your closet." they both chuckled. "I reckon that when you are seventy and have a kingdom of bees to take care of, there will be a Mr or Mrs Holmes watching and laughing at you whilst you get stung."
"I know. Goodnight, John." Sherlock turned laid down on the sofa and turned his body towards the wall.
"It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr Holmes, Dr Watson, Mrs Watson." A man in a freshly pressed suit said. Sherlock, John, and Mary were sitting in a large office on one side of a large, mahogany desk. On the other side were two men called Tony Lawson and Jeremy Davies and one woman called Gloria Ramirez.
In around thirty-one weeks he would either give birth or have a cesarean, and then Sherlock would have to hand over the life form he created. Then he would have to watch the child grow up in another family, and get called 'Uncle Sherlock'. He would miss everything a parent has a right to witness, like first words, first steps, first school play.
, he thinks. Sherlock feels someone shaking his shoulder.
"No, it's okay. I want to finish the story. So, he had just found about my abnormalities, and he wasn't happy to say the least. He put on the clothes he had taken off as fast as he could. He shouted at me, calling me freak, faggot, tranny, any other offensive name you can think of. He told me I had wasted his time, and that he was going to tell everyone in our university class about me being a hermaphroditic whore. Then he beat me up.
"Why would I fake something this gross for attention? How juvenile do they think I am?"
"Take all credit then. I'll make sure John doesn't write about it. You did all the leg work, anyway."
"What do you think the baby's going to be?"
Sherlock felt his heart race, and suddenly he was transported back to when he was a university student, afraid of being outed. But he knew that this was the best way he could possibly come out. On his own terms, where he can control the spread of information.
"She's coming?"
"Oh hello, Sherlock. How are you feeling?" Mrs Hudson was doing a crossword in the Times newspaper.
"You're not pulling my leg, are you?" Greg accused.
"Do you wish you didn't know?"
"Yep." Sherlock swung his feet up onto the desk. "I want a case. Nothing dangerous though. If you wouldn't put a child on it, then don't put me on it."
"She has blonde hair and blue eyes. Last time we measured her she was at ninety-five centimetres, which is quite small for her age. She has always been a dainty little thing." Emily Grayson looked like her eyes might start tearing up.
"Okay, Mrs Hudson. Bye bye." Sherlock headed upstairs. He opened the door to 221B and saw John now sitting in his armchair.
"He just said that it was for medical reasons, and that you would be doing it every day for the foreseeable future. If you ever need to talk, I'm here okay Sherlock. You know that right?" Worry was clear on Lestrade's face.
John and Mary looked at each other for final confirmation.
As soon as the acid touches his skin on the newly formed lacerations he screams. And screams. And screams. It is gushing all over his back, on the words, on the bruises, on the cuts, on everything. He has never known such terrible and horrific pain before in his life.
fucking him, aren't you? I mean, not right now, or at least I hope not – you're terrible at it if you are, can't hear him moaning or anything -"
John didn't want to smile. He didn't. "Well, I... I don't know, do I?" He tried to ignore the tiny smile edging onto Wil...goddamn it,
"Mycroft, he's confused out of his right mind. Yesterday he came to terms with these feelings and today he's had to face the fact that I know about it, he doesn't know whether he's coming or going and he's completely beside himself with... with
Even the suggestion of it still made John's head spin. Though that could have been the champagne. "Well, obviously. I know it's not important to everyone else, apparently, but I'm still not gay.
"Shut up, Sherlock."
"Michael," Mr. Holmes said with a nod, moving past Greg to shake hands with a man who looked nothing like Greg but seemed to hold all of the confidence and charm regardless, "you're looking well."
John blinked three times before he accepted that he had read the word correctly.
second thoughts on the table they would be brought up and discussed, not left to fester and develop. He had to have faith that this remained to be true and therefore that whatever
Harry spoke this time. "
"Stop saying no when what you really mean is 'oh, fuck'. Accept it so that you can start figuring out what to do from here."
"Still. It shows promise."
"What is?"
He heard more than saw John advance towards him slightly. "So kick me out, then."
... but I would be very much obliged if you were to simply let it go. I know exactly what you're thinking and I'm sure it's out of the goodness of your heart just as it is with Mycroft, not that I'm certain he even
Slowly her head shook from side to side, her own body following his as she rose from her seat as if in slow motion. “You don't... you don't have to leave. Don't leave.” A thread of desperation, masked instantly by a smile – christ, it was almost scary. The switch. The switch which could be flipped in her head whenever she wanted it to be. Her lipstick cracked, her face frozen in place, utterly in control despite what she was truly thinking, feeling. “Don't leave, sweetheart. Stay. You haven't even had dessert yet. You're not supposed to leave for another two days.”
John watched as the tiniest of smiles flickered its way to life on Sherlock’s cupids-bow. “Mm. Perhaps.”
John stepped into the house and raised an eyebrow as he made his way straight to the kitchen, calling his words back to his friend as the tell-tale sound of carrier bags plonked onto the kitchen counter made its way back to where Sherlock still stood with the front door open. "Still Lauren? Are they actually…?"
They found Tim and Wanda easily enough; they were standing at the front of the crowd centred around the raised stage area, murmuring to each other as if they'd quite forgotten that anyone else was there, though as soon as Wanda saw her son and John walking towards them she brandished her arms violently mid-air, beckoning them over with a fire in her eyes and a determined smile on her face.
of these sessions. Of how much of difference they'll make to your life if you just persevere and
Greg filled in for him. "Something more?"
John frowned. "Of course I am. Very fearsome. I frighten everyone who dares to step foot in my path."
“I told her that there were things... things I wanted...” Another intake of breath, this time sharper, and it takes everything that Sherlock has within him not to turn on his heel and stride over to John, get on his knees, gather the man’s hands within his own and command that he keep his words to himself, tell him that he doesn’t need to hear this if it causes John pain to say it. The ache to physically comfort the man standing behind him was suffocating. “There were things I wanted to say to you. Before. Before you jumped, before the phone call, before...”
Though he could not see out of the back of his head (and judging by the prickling sensation of the death-glare he was sure was being shot at him he was rather glad that he couldn't) he heard as Sherlock took his reluctant steps towards the counter and slid the sharp instrument towards him, and the deep sigh that followed. "I don't know why you're bothering."
I am!"
conclusion regarding your family rather than a painfully personal one, I know you well enough to understand that you would be limited in your ability to move past your fears and would most likely spend the entire time we were there questioning to yourself what I was thinking… and that would probably come out in such a way that you would be constantly either be defending your family or – and this is almost certainly what would be the result from all of this – you would turn against your family in the light of what you assume me to be thinking and it would turn into the most unpleasant of experiences.”
With a firm hand John quickly buttoned the shirt, his hands moving to take the charcoal-grey trousers and slipping them over his legs – they fit like a glove, there was no denying that it had been worth the embarrassment of going to Franco's to get fitted properly for his ensemble. The reminder of how long he had to get ready hurried him along, doing up the trousers and slipping his waistcoat on in lightning-speed, his fingers fumbling a little over the little buttons – it felt so odd to be dressed up like this, he'd never worn a tux in his life and it was almost like a total transformation to look at himself in the full-length mirror beside the set of drawers. He stared at his reflection in a humble sort of awe, fingers running over the silk of the silvery-grey tie he had yet to put on.
Greg dropped his apple on the side, hurriedly making his way over to the cupboard next to the oven and pulling out a large, deep baking tray. "Sorry, sorry, got hungry." He started to grease the tray with olive oil, glancing up at John every now and again to make sure he was doing it right – John nodded approvingly, a voice in the back of his head warning him that he was moving closer and closer to being 'Mummy John' with every bit of knowledge he held in the kitchen but not much caring. There was something oddly comforting about their little domesticated scene, even if it
Sherlock's lips separated, surprise etched on his pale face. "What a ridiculous statement to make. Of
John almost dropped the instrument in shock at the apparent presence of someone else in the room, his fingers closing tightly over the neck quickly to ensure it did not fall to the ground; Sherlock smirked and took a few steps forward as John began to babble. "I – I hope you don't mind, I was just in here and I saw it on the sideboard and I didn't know if..." He stopped, looking Sherlock over for a moment, a tiny shake of his head before he raised his eyes back up. "You look different."
has changed. I want you, as you are, not some clingy idiot who thinks I want to be in his company every minute of every day.”
At once John became serious. “Are you going to be… all right to do that?”
Slowly Sherlock tucked the edge of the bandage into the layers beneath it, not looking away from John's hazed, confused eyes as he did so.
“Don’t bet on it,” Sherlock advised quietly, eyes still on John, “though if you’re really looking for reassurance then I suppose I can say with at least
He did not know how to respond. "Oh. Well. Okay then."
"Be quiet and go and stand with your brother," Wanda ordered, brushing past John and spreading a cloud of delicate perfume in her wake. "Such beautiful natural light coming in, it'd be a shame to waste it -"
"Drink up, John. We've got a long game ahead of us."
John snorted. "Couldn't agree more. Don't particularly relish the idea of having that form of revenge every time you're drunk. Got enough to be dealing with without you gaying up a drinking game just to get back at me."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Yes, John, I'm well aware."
"Sorry, Sherlock, but I'm going to have to call you on your bullshit."
A little sigh came from behind him; the man who was now directly in front of him stared openly into his face. "Yeah. Yeah. Didn't fink you were gay, Shez. Sorry if I offended ya."
“You’re welcome. You could bring your mum.”
“The neighbours said they looked happy,” Lestrade said, mostly to himself.
“I should’ve never suggested this, Joanna, I’m so sorry,” Sherlock was saying, as Lestrade watched, feeling like he’d run out of words in the English language, and it had been a long while since he’d last spoken French. “I was an idiot, I was a bloody idiot – the dust… I’m taking you to A&E, Joanna, don’t fall asleep…”
“But the letters… I mean, maybe they said something. The Harry guy. Maybe she had some secret life not even her son knew about,” she suggested.
The pale youth that had handed him the envelope just replied with an indecipherable grin.
“It’s a plus one.” Then, since her expression hadn’t changed: “It’s when you bring a partner.”
“Eight hundred thousand, though?”
“It was something,” she agreed.
“We weren’t very close,” Parris told them, unprompted, “but she was a darling, in her own way.”
He could only sigh.
Sherlock’s lips were shut tight. “She doesn’t have a driving licence,” Joanna explained – she’d stopped complaining about being taken to A&E, and she was quiet, which seemed like a very bad sign to Lestrade. “Oh God,” Joanna was saying, as Sherlock supported her for the short walk to the car, “I wasn’t supposed to be there… that sounds like an insurance nightmare!” she said, and Lestrade chose not to think about
So he went, and announced it to Donovan first.
“Your coworkers.”
The copies were scattered across their dining table, loosely divided into piles. “A lot of it were… crafts the son made when he was in primary school, tests he passed with good grades, drawings – he was really good at drawing – or notes he made for her for Christmas and birthdays, but…”
Lestrade dropped the badge he was still holding. Sherlock’s ears became bright red.
“I told her to call if she feels even a bit nauseated,” he told Lestrade, “she has your number, too, just in case, and…”
“You wanted to push me away.” Joanna stated it as if it were obvious, really; maybe it was for her. Sherlock wondered if that was how she always felt when Sherlock made her deductions.
“Jo, I didn't know you were into…”
“I… would’ve never guessed,” Lestrade said. “Congratulations,” he quickly added.
finish writing her memoirs, then,” she whispered.
“So you think whoever it was took more? Letters, or something else?” Joanna asked Sherlock.
“Oh,” Sherlock said. She joined her hands in front of her, and bowed her head, with black curls all around it like a halo.
“So, an official thing,” Sally stated. “How many of us did he invite?”
“I thought they were just roommates.”
“Such a waste of a perfectly good dress,” Sherlock said, when she finally ended the phone call and climbed back into the car. It was half past one.
“Can’t bring Sophie, I reckon,” his brother said, furtherly twisting the knife.
They ordered Chinese and Joanna finally ate her entire portion. Sherlock did, too. The last few days they’d slept together – the way they’d done at the hospital: coldly. The first night had been awkward, without the urgency, the sense of being in a situation that’s out of the ordinary, that the setting had given them there. The talk they’d had in the car, the one they’d had in the hospital bed, was heavy between them. The first night they hadn’t even hugged before sleeping.
Sherlock was taken aback, because she wasn’t expecting her to bring it up again.
Jo smiled. “Six months,” she said, which was less than Lestrade expected. “She knew I was… gay, and I knew she knew, and that she was also like that, but I thought she just… wasn’t interested. In dating, and in me.”
“Robbery gone wrong,” Sherlock said. “Should’ve taken less than four days, really.”
“Most definitely,” Sherlock said.
As she sipped on her usual coffee – a necessity for early morning shifts – she opened the envelope, which was blank, although she knew that it could only come from two people, and Mrs Hudson usually preferred to talk.
Joanna closed her eyes and let out a small laugh.
They did find the son: two days later, on his way to the airport, with a one way ticket to Thailand in his pocket.
Parris was properly laughing now; the intensity of it, again, scared Lestrade.
“Wow” he told her, “you look lovely!”
“But the architect son was only born in 1960,” Joanna pointed out.
“Mayb–”
“What’s so good in Thailand, anyway?” Sherlock asked, upon entering. It wasn’t the first time he saw her – she’d been there at the first interrogation, too, although things had been less, well, tense back then. Now he was looking at her with a mean look in his eyes – with hatred, even. The most ruthless of killers sometimes looked way too meek in that room, but Michael Parris was absolutely terrifying. Not dangerous, because he was handcuffed, and there were guards standing at the entrance; just terrifying, because of that look in his eyes.
John ducked around a huge hunk of metal seemingly sticking out of the side of a building, edging his way around the damp alley with shallow breaths, the smell so terrible he could barely breathe in without feeling the desperate urge to gag. Sherlock's voice carried back to him as the man effortlessly navigated his way through the narrow cesspit.
Wrote this whilst I was absolutely exhausted, so if it's a pile of poop I'm genuinely sorry! I know it's really short too, but was still tons of fun to write!
John's grin widened slightly, feeling the stress ebb somewhat; he had no idea how William did it, it was... odd.
As they approached the rocks, John flashed another quick look at Sherlock who, rather than looking at the veritable boulders in front of them, was instead looking out at the sea. "Whaddya say? Fancy a climb?"
"Right." John got the button half out of its hole before it slipped back in, a wave of frustration crashing over him. "
“You’re being ridiculous,” Mycroft snapped, crossing his long legs, “if you simply visited home more often you wouldn’t have all of these ludicrous ruminations of being looked down upon as the less successful sibling. Far be it from me to encourage the growth of your already substantial ego, Sherlock, but our parents boast of you to our neighbours quite as much as they do me.”
"No," Mycroft said casually, slipping his hands inside his pockets and turning slowly to face the interior of the house once again, "but unless you plan on missing Sherlock's performance we should probably make our way back to my parents."
This time it was eleven minutes. Eleven whole minutes. Was John hesitating after Sherlock's indulgent display last night? He couldn't blame him.
Sherlock waved this off with a flutter of fingers. "Details."
in his best interests. I don’t know if you know your brother at all, Mycroft, but he’s not the easiest man in the world to say no to.”
John and Sherlock looked at each other across the distance and, for the life of him, John did not know what to say.
"Yes, all right," John interrupted, putting his hand out to quieten the man. "All right. Fine. So let's assume that he isn't planning on telling me anything. Where does that leave me?"
Sherlock frowned. “I haven’t.”
leave me alone in your house for two hours at a time when most people would be sleeping. So... y'know, I thought..." He trailed off, leaving Sherlock to fill in the blanks. The irritation returned.
consequence he now had power over how much alcohol went into his drinks and was being very sparse indeed, the ratio leaning far more towards soft drink than spirit. Sherlock noticed this instantly, a little aside to him when everyone was distracted:
Sherlock's face was pale, paler than usual. All of his own irritation seemed to have vanished into thin air. "I... I didn't intend..."
" His eyes were determined, wholly fixated on John's own confused stare. "Saturday is when it
He threw open the door to his wardrobe and flicked through the shirts with a frown etched upon his brow – no, not that one, it was too flimsy; and that one, why did he even still
Sherlock visibly brightened, sitting up straight and bringing his hands together in front of him. "Oh good, are we done here? We could go for a walk up to Greenwich Park, visit the observatory."
John glanced up. "Probably."
“That’s all you’re going to ask me? If I need anything?”
Sherlock glanced down at him. "No."
When Sherlock's voice came it was gloriously reminiscent of the tone he used during every major sulk they'd had before this moment. "I haven't been
Instantly Mycroft's tone changed, an authority and edge to it which hadn't been there before. "I don't think that you will, John."
Sherlock sighed, pausing his criminal activity for a few moments. "The point of this is to do something you wouldn't usually do. Now will you be quiet and continue to keep a lookout? Contrary to popular belief," he began fiddling with the locks again before darting off around to climb behind some shrubbery, "I don't want to add to my arrest sheet."
“A little sleep?! I have to be awake in five hours!”
– he felt the brush of a tongue across his lower lip, unfamiliar and overwhelming -
Sherlock dodged the lid. "Electricity, gas, water, internet -"
Exasperation replaced the unidentified emotion in his chest. "Fine. Fine. Apology accepted, then."
John was momentarily overwhelmed. "Mm, yes… oh, yes, me too. Absolutely. It sounds wonderful, Mrs. Holmes, thank you -"
"John.
I don't doubt your intelligence – the marks that I found by hacking into the staff university portal (an easy feat, I assure you) are proof of just how well you withhold information and the skill you possess to put it across into clear, concise prose. You work hard for the marks you get, yet now you see no reason to work hard whatsoever as your mind is so very proficient at making you feel that any effort would be wasted, that you would fail regardless of how hard you try.
"Stop this now."
"Whatever," she said with a wave of her perfectly manicured hand, "maybe I'll see you then. Have fun with your little domestic."
"No, you are. You're using your depression against me. That's emotional blackmail."
dull.”
"Careful, Mother, your judgement is showing," Sherlock said dryly from beside John, nodding towards his friend for him to open the car door. "John will get the wrong idea and think you're no better than a flapping fishwife."
"Ah, Sherlock – did you nap well?" Wanda was beaming at her youngest.
notice. "Hi."
"I was referring to the person who encouraged you to come here. Was it John?"
Rolled-eyes. “Well, now I
"But then," she raised her hands in a questioning gesture, "John seems to bely that attitude. So there must be something that sets him apart."
The older man was gripping the spatula so tight he was surprised it was still in one piece. "I'm glad I came, Sherlock. I'm glad. Because it gave me a chance to see how utterly pointless it is to try and break past that iceberg of a defensive wall you've built up - you haven't even given me a chance, which is pretty shitty when I came here with the intention of giving you a million of them."
Greg shrugged helplessly, the girl beside him grinning so wickedly that for a moment John deduced that she was probably absolutely perfect for the asshole opposite them and that they should get married the next morning without argument. "Sorry, guys. She convinced me.
that John was shocked at even himself... but it didn't matter. It didn't matter. The teasing skin and the sudden awareness of Sherlock's slightly staggered breathing ripped him back into the moment and he found himself practically slamming his lips back down onto Sherlock's with such fervour that the most pathetic, delightful whimper vibrated from Sherlock's throat and tore away any remaining self-control that John had been holding onto and rendered him utterly useless to resolve.
Rolling his eyes as he laid back on his bed (at 9:30pm, for the love of all that was holy, it was THAT bloody awkward to sit with his parents and watch television), John exited Mycroft's pleas for help and hovered his thumb over Sherlock's text conversation window, hesitating a little as he considered what he would say. They hadn't spoken since their little spat this morning and although he was too exhausted – both physically and emotionally - to care about the whole situation he was unsure if Sherlock would be as receptive to communication as Mycroft seemed to think. He didn't want to have to deal with drama, with Sherlock being stiff and unyielding, and if he opened that can of worms now and found himself faced with a grumpy child he would almost definitely lose his patience.
But then he remembered why he was frustrated.
“What?” Sherlock entered the room properly, giving a brief nod to John and brushing past his brother to settle down in ‘his’ armchair. “I would’ve thought you’d be pleased. You’re always telling me to get more exercise.”
John's hands went instantly up to his hair and ruffled it violently. "Wow, thanks."
"I think that
His frown deepened. "Excuse me?"
"How could I have? You barely knew me. I was hardly a smudge on your radar."
"Half is fine," he said quickly, knowing how rapidly wine affected him and not wanting to embarrass himself. "Thank you."
"No," she said with a wave of her hand, "no, I want you and John to cook
Studying with Sherlock in person wasn't all that different to over the internet. They sat opposite each at the small, round kitchen table, laptops facing their respective owners whilst Sherlock sent page after page of course material for him to look at and John found himself instantly overwhelmed with the sheer amount of notes he would have to take. It was odd; two hours ago he had felt so incredibly normal – disturbingly so – and yet now, sitting in the sunny kitchen with his friend after what definitely counted as his most satisfying sleep in
Walking back around to the other side of her desk, Joanne sat down heavily on her desk chair and pulled her laptop towards her. With diligent fingers and John's downcast face in her mind, she opened up Microsoft Outlook and began typing a new email.
, can you at least tell me if there’s something any of us can do to… prevent it happening again in the future?”
"Give up, John."
had taken place. He managed a small "err..." before he remembered his responsibility to Mike, tearing his eyes away from the periwinkle stare and razor-sharp cheekbones of the genius standing mere metres away from him and shoving a smile on his face big enough to fool anyone as drunk as Mike clearly was.
to be here, yet here you are sitting in front of me and you have yet to walk out despite the assumption that I'm trying to antagonise you. Something is keeping you here, William, and I really would like it if you could tell me what that 'something' is."
"Yep. He's not kind in his rejection either. There've been tears shed."
you did that so I would lose."
Sherlock smirked. “Liar. Your pupils were enormous. Still are.”
Jesus Christ, I have no idea how you can even stand to wake up in the mornings.
Sherlock took another gliding step forward. "Stay exactly where you are."
No response; the long legs of the genius trying to get away from him lengthened their stride enough that John had to jog a little to keep up.
of all people to help me if I was."
The two of them sat in silence for a few moments, John's mind suddenly far more alert than it had been all evening and coursing its way over a mountain of thoughts and darting over rivers of doubt. It made sense and was
"Oh, I assure you, he was most reluctant to divulge anything at all."
Perhaps he could even go as far as to say that she felt the weight of failure for their father’s flaws as well as her own. After all, she blamed Neil Watson for Harry’s own drinking problem as well as her sexuality, but he was so inherently unfocused and distant from it all that she took all of that onto herself and felt double the disappointment, double the anger, double the regret. Which was absurd. None of it was either of their faults to begin with. Harry’s sexuality, for one, couldn’t be ‘blamed’ on anything as it wasn’t even a bad thing.
in order to convince you of my... dedication..." there was a small, audible intake of breath, "is that I believe we may be able to come to understand one another on some small level. Depending on the longevity of our arrangement, it could even be on a somewhat... bigger... level. Evidently I am weak in regards to social interaction and I oftentimes say the wrong thing completely, I am not totally ignorant to that and I'll confess to you now that when I often cannot find the right words to say I'll simply say nothing at all – this is a point well made by my earlier comment of 'I don't know what to say to you now', if you wish to refer back to our instant messages."
card appeared multiple times; every time someone got the card and a few minutes subtly put their thumb on the table he was always the first one to notice, a roll of his eyes and continuing mutters of 'amateurs' on his lips alerting them all as he placed his own thumb on the table. Luckily it seemed that the girls were worst at this one, far more intoxicated than anyone else at the table and often erupting in fits of giggles every time one of them lost out and had to take a drink.
John could feel the weight of all of the last week's considerations start to crumble. He could barely understand his own feelings at this point and now he was being forced to reconsider Sherlock's."It was a mistake?"
And with that she was out of the room, humming gaily to herself as she creaked merrily down the stairs – he heard now, with his door open, the rumble of voices from below, not so loud that he could hear specific words but enough that he could differentiate between the different timbres. He found himself with a little ball of warmth slowly spreading through his stomach at what he was about to be a part of, still embarrassingly caught up in the feelings of being considered a part of this odd, wonderful little family – he found it was not too much effort at all to slide out from underneath the covers, stumbling slightly into the bathroom and plucking from the back of the door a navy dressing gown that smelled of clean cotton and lavender. He slipped it on and tied it quickly at the waist, glad that he'd at least put on a t-shirt with his boxer shorts last night so that he wouldn't have to face the Holmes family whilst feeling bare and exposed.
"As I was saying, we can empty out the third bedroom for you and Mrs. Hudson can set up a bed and furniture for you. She's our landlady. I spoke to her this morning." The smallest twitch of lips trembled at the edge of Sherlock's mouth. "She's rather looking forward to meeting you, as it happens."
"What? John, that's utter crap."
His eyes closed momentarily.
He threw his awkward drunken thoughts away from him as far as possible and concentrated as much as possible on the game instead, and god knew it was necessary – Sherlock had finally pulled a
Throwing himself away from the door and pressing himself flat up against the wall opposite, John breathed out a silent laugh of nervous disbelief. Had Sherlock not thought to mention that he
John shook his head, nausea beginning to creep into the crevices of his stomach. "I'm fine, Sherlock, really."
With a questioning smile and a gentle shrug, John picked up the bottle of wine and held it out to his friend. "The wine?"
Sherlock did not like the sensation that he was being analysed; he turned slightly in the dark room, looking away. "I said, John, I'm fine. I understand that you may be coming to the realisation that this wasn't what you wanted to do -"
"If I'm being an arsehole, John, it's merely out of concern. As your friend, and I assure you that I'm intent on keeping that title, it's my duty to look out for you. I read about it."
None of this made sense. "You... right, so... Greg, you're Sherlock's... friend?"
The answer was probably in his Mind Palace somewhere. It could wait.
And I will NOT be one of those people.
William paused. "I don't like talking to people face-to-face."
Mycroft ignored him. "But my opinions have rather changed since this evening."
"I want
Two minutes.
“That John Watson is the most ignorant man I have ever met in my life. And we are, at the very least in my own estimation, in a relationship that extends beyond the realms of friendship.”
"Both of which being maladies he's never encountered before. You don't seem to see the importance of -"
about it, don't speak, don't say a bloody word!
What was
A good point. "Mm. All right. Well, no, not all right. He could have... I don't know... he could've talked to
Sherlock watches silently as John looks up and away from the coat, searches the misted window from afar until he meets Sherlock’s eyeline; it’s too far to read his expression, too dark, but Sherlock isn’t looking to find answers in such a frail attempt at eye-contact. That can wait, too.
"I really don't want to go there, Greg. Not tonight. Right now all that matters is making sure Sherlock knows I'm his friend first and foremost and that I'm not going to just go all AWOL on him just because he... did what he did tonight. Not that I would have done anyway, but now that I know what's going on in his head I should make the effort to appear as normal as I possibly can."
Mycroft seemed to genuinely think on this, his head leaning slightly to the side. "Mm. I can see your point, as much as it pains me to say it. It would be far more damaging to make
Sherlock's body visibly tensed in the periphery of John's vision. "I did say that."
me to behave.” Seeing the expectant look upon her face, he sighed, brushing his palms a little too violently down his trouser leg. “Yes, I miss him and, yes, it's... odd to not be with him after the last few weeks. As it would have been before all of the... stuff.”
His entire palm was smothered in drying blood, all the way down to his wrist.
Lauren put her hands out in front of her, almost as if offering each option on each palm. "Well then, boys – which is it going to be,
food poisoning -"
"Sherlock," John warned quietly, shaking his head once, "leave it."
"Sherlock's not the sort to have friends, you see," Tim informed him, though it was fairly obvious from the novelty of his arrival that it was an unnecessary statement to make. "Neither of them are. You're the first person we've ever been introduced to."
The rest of Tuesday and the entirety of Wednesday passed so quickly for John that he could barely comprehend it; his days were a wash of walking, food and various activities that most would consider mundane – he accompanied Wanda to her weekly shop at the nearest supermarket (which happened to be a forty-five minute drive away) and was regaled with stories of her two sons in their childhood, embarrassing tales that no doubt would make Sherlock positively
"But..." He hesitated. "I don't think I can do it whilst knowing that you're doing absolutely
John forced himself to look away, unable to maintain eye-contact and keep a steady head. The situation between them needed some resolving, that much he was sure of. "You're welcome."
When he could stand the blind ignorance of his best friend no more he forced the words from his lips; he did not sound like himself, he was possessed, utterly transformed. He had not wanted something this much in his entire life.
Mycroft seemed to perk up after hearing this, John now unable as he was to keep his voice quiet. "Perhaps we should take a litter tray with us, Mummy, it would seem that John has some trouble with his bladder."
John gritted his teeth, too tired to be irritated but knowing he would probably find the energy to snap at his friend should he keep pushing. "You are my best friend, Mike, it's just been a difficult couple of months. It's not like I've been enjoying not being able to see you -"
He gave up on the fist, groaning quietly as he moved his head to one side and tried to open his eyes. His eyelids were so
John eventually managed to push out some words, though whether they made any sense he was completely unaware. "The question... I wanted to answer the question."
, nobody was truly aware of what had happened between them -
"Ye- hang on, how do you know that?" John stopped, realising the stupidity of the question. "Don't bother answering, I forgot that you know everything about me."
No text message.
He gave her a curt nod. "Next week."
Well I was kind of waiting for a response from you... I thought you would reply to my email with a place to meet so assumed you'd decided not to go ahead with this tutoring thing
"Chill, John, I'm not going to say anything to the 'rents about it. Last thing we want is Mum threatening to make you homeless too."
And now, the answer.
"Should've made a cup of tea," Tim joked as he relinquished his grip on Wanda, walking around John and picking up a pan and a stack of plates, starting to put them away, "Wanda would've adopted you on the spot!"
"No!" Sherlock rapidly uncrossed his legs, leaning forward again with wide eyes. "No, no, I would have never done that, John. I crossed some lines, I won't deny, but never that one. No. You must believe that I would never have done that, then and now."
His voice was so low it was almost not a sound at all. "John."
," John said somewhat testily, waving away Sherlock's mutterings with a hand, "I think if you're going to throw a party you should do it on a Friday. Make it a monthly tradition or something – y'know, Greg's awesome Friday night parties. That way no one can complain about seminars the next day and you can expect a bigger turn-out."
"Not at all," Tim said, closing a cupboard and turning to face the two of them. "No doubt she'd love to pick your brains a little more, she barely scratched the surface last night -"
"Older or younger?"
Unfortunately that left a myriad of options that Sherlock found difficult to sift through whilst John was being so ridiculously reticent; it was an odd change of pace to be on the other side of the fence. Usually John would be the one to (unsuccessfully) attempt to read Sherlock’s thoughts, eventually reaching a stage where he would ask – no attempt to mask his irritation – what the genius was thinking, feeling, inquire as to what was going on behind the fluttering of closed eyelids and steepled fingers; Sherlock wasn’t used to being the one wanting to ask the question. It tended to only take ten seconds of observation at the most to accurately surmise where John Watson’s thoughts lay and another five to make a snarky comment – all he had at this moment in time were snarky comments, snarky comments without route or foundation and there was no point whatsoever in being snarky if he couldn’t back it up. That in itself was frustrating, particularly as he rather enjoyed John’s usual reactions and threats in response.
“Christ!”
John was quiet for a moment; Sherlock took the opportunity to gather his bearings once more, swallowing the odd and uneven flow of heat that had been threading its way through him since the beginning of the tension; god, it was all exhausting. Caring was exhausting. Well, if this was caring. Mostly it just felt like... irritation.
John wandered towards the closest and smallest one, leaning down to run his fingers over the smooth surface. "Nah, it's fine! What, are you scared of a little dirt?"
"HE'S BACK! HEEEE'S BAAAACK!" Mike roared, slapping him heartily on the back and leaning back so that everyone near the doorway in the next room – a nice living room, though it was hard to tell in the dark – could see him; though John was fairly certain that nobody in the room actually had any idea who he was they all cheered, raising their drinks in drunken good-humour and grinning at him like their lives depended on it. He raised a hand in a half-hearted wave, trying to remember how he used to act in large social gatherings, taking Mike's lead as the man started to guide him towards the kitchen. "Got some drinks in here, a hell of a wicked punch that Greg made -"
John pushed himself away from the radiator he had been leaning against and nodded, not bothering to ask for more details; he had far more important things to be worrying about right now.
"MAN UP, JOHN!" Greg yelled, grabbing the Tequila and motioning quickly for the others to do the same. "TIME FOR TEQUILA!"
John's mind went temporarily blank; he scrolled back through the conversation, muttering aloud to himself.
"All right. I won't tell him."
"What would you suggest, Greg? You're the host, you can tell me what to drink first."
Sherlock sat on the edge of his bed, staring at him.
with no concept whatsoever of what it was to -
"John.
He winked.
Pale eyes glanced up at him through narrowed eyes. "And I told you I had a dog."
"That's the second time you've sworn at me today."
"Oh christ, no, don't go there," John mumbled, shaking his head and burying his face completely in his hands, "I can't even think about that right now. Fucking hell. Jesus Christ. Shitting
, they cried, laughing, drinking their champagne,
A knot of tension wormed its way into the dark-haired genius's stomach; there was something to it… there was nothing to it. Just like that, the night before lingered between them like barrier. "I don't know. I wasn't implying anything, I…" He had to salvage this, he could hear the confusion in his own tone and it needed to be altered imminently. "So essentially you're cooking a glorified beef stew."
John’s voice slips through the sudden haze of combined panic and anticipation. “You said it first. So.”
It was almost like he was trying to wind John up – and it was working. "Well, is he ill or not? It's not a difficult question."
know that John was aware of Sherlock's wavering addiction. "He seems to have told you lot in a very short space of time."
"Not. Up. For. Discussion."
"Just lips, it's all right."
"Wanda, yes... this looks wonderful. You really didn't have to go to so much trouble."
Sherlock's eyes travelled slowly down to the vegetables and mincemeat sitting on the counter. "You want me to cook for you."
Sherlock took a few more steps towards him, suddenly aware that the last time they were in this space together their proximity had been under far more confusing circumstances. He approached with caution, extending a large pale hand out towards him. "I think you would be right in observing that in the very least it's not Greg's."
It was all a mess of words and intentions, yet the final statement didn't quite sit right with John. "So… you looked after me due to a sense of responsibility for what happened?"
"So..." John picked up the bandage again, not really focusing as he started to wrap it over his hand once again. "You... no. Right. I'm confused. And tired. But mostly confused. We were talking and he was getting carried away. Nothing compromising about it. So what exactly did
John couldn't agree more. "When you first mentioned it the other day I started picturing something written by Jane Austen, I won't lie."
"And that... was what you were doing with me. You were being silent. You were waiting me out. You... knew. You
Greg's grin grew so wide that John was moderately concerned it would fall off of his face. "Sherlock, you're the last one to point – take a drink!"
Was the man completely incapable of saying the right thing without it being twisted into something thoughtless? Even John in the midst of a depression was better at phrasing things than him, and that was truly saying something.
“She only wants you here because it keeps
The teenager was clearly reaching the end of his already tenuous patience, fingers flicking into loose fists and then releasing once more, body stiff in its obvious tension. “If I do, will you leave me alone?”
"Oh, well, you haven't had sex then. Is he a virgin?" Harry was still happily babbling away, clearly intent on fulfilling her threat. "Gotta take it slow and steady if he is. Has he ever come before? He has to at least have masturbated, I've never met a man before who hasn't -"
Greg turned away again. "Did you hear that? Yeah. Yeah. All right. Do you think he'll answer? Fine. Okay. Will you call us and let us know? All right. No, I'll be here, no other plans – yeah, John'll be here too. All right. Talk soon." He hung up the phone and looked over at John. "He's going to try calling Sherlock to find out where he is. He's going to let us know."
"No, don't try and distract me." John leaned forward. "What are you thinking but not saying?"
Sherlock started to fiddle with a pen, clicking the end over and over. He grunted. John grinned.
Wanda was saved the embarrassment of an excuse by the sudden hush of the room around them, signalling that something of import was about to happen; John felt his palms start to sweat as if nervous, craning his neck much as Mrs. Holmes had done earlier though considering he was an inch shorter than she was it was rather pointless. He didn't have long to wait, though.
"Greg," John interrupted quietly, "it's fine. I can deal with Sherlock."
"Exactly. It's not by much, I know, but it does make a difference. It's like... he's a teenager with the comprehension of a ridiculously intelligent adult and the emotional maturity of a toddler. What are you supposed to do with that?"
"Should I call Greg to come and keep an eye on you?"
“We're not co-dependent, Harry.”
"But you're a sociopath," John reasoned calmly, shrugging again. "So it shouldn't matter."
His head was beginning to hurt. "Of use to you, what do you mean by that?"
" - but also means that we are now holding hands because
"I'm fine."
"Of course."
"That's the thing, though... I
With a hand that didn't look quite as steady as it perhaps should, John rubbed his palm roughly over his face as he looked away and at the floor. “Bloody hell. Can't say I was expecting that. I don't really know what to say.”
Almost an entire minute passed before Sherlock's voice swept across the room, low and reluctant.
"I feel that in an introductory session it's important to hear from you, in your own words, what led you to seek out counselling. Your notes are really only a guideline and -"
"Sherlock…"
"I don't know why you didn't do it sooner," the curly-haired boy behind him muttered under his breath, though certainly with the intention of being heard. "Better yet would've been if you'd never come at all."
John was momentarily struck by Sherlock's words. "Your… hang on, your desire to talk to me? That's a pretty strong way to put it, and not at all how I would've described it."
It was a lovely room. On the left wall as he walked in there was a dark oak double bed furnished with throws, cushions and bedding in varying shades of deep green and brown, pillows plumped and ready for his head to sink into later that evening; on the wall directly opposite him there was a cottage-style window that somehow managed to let in a lot of light considering its size, edged either side with curtains that seemed to match the bedding perfectly. At the end of the bed was a huge wooden chest – he would fight his curiosity, it wasn't his house to snoop around! - and on the wall opposite the bed there was a door which no doubt led to the en-suite bathroom. Behind the door there was a large set of wooden drawers the exact shade of oak as the bed, on top of which lay a pile of fresh cream towels and decorated with a few candles that looked as if they'd never been touched, let alone lit.
“John.” Sherlock was glaring at him through heavily fatigued eyes, the very picture of lethargy. “What I want to say to you can wait. It would probably be more prudent to wait until daytime anyway.”
Wanda could not stop herself from looking under her lashes at John. "Mm. If you're
’ voice, and that would be enough to shake any man’s resolve. Slowly, slow enough that he catches John’s reflection-gaze one last time in the now heavily condensated window, Sherlock pushes himself away from the glass and turns on the spot to finally - upon command - face John. Face the words he had spoken hours earlier. Face reality.
WAHOOOOO, NEW CHAPTERRRR!! :D
"John?"
"YOU JUST SAID YOU LOVED HIM!" The screech was so painful John had to temporarily remove the phone from his ear. "YOOOOOU FUCKING SAID IT, JOHN HAMISH WATSON -"
"I want to try three. That means that you have a reasonable chance of conceiving, but if by some miracle you conceive all of them then it will be just on the fence of possibility to look after them, instead of impossible."
"My friends know that my husband and I are using a surrogate, but they don't know it's Sherlock. And my family were all murdered, so they didn't say much when I told them." Mary said, very matter-of-factly. Sherlock snorted.
You are unbelievable sometimes Sherlock,
The voicemail had been left to Sherlock ten minutes ago by Lestrade. He went and called John to tell him he had to meet him there, and then got changed into one of his only pair of jeans and a black t-shirt. He was feeling pretty rotten, his lower stomach giving out a dull, constant ache that somehow spread to his lower back and thighs.
"Yes," John answered. "We have. If you are absolutely and completely sure about this Sherlock, then we would love it if you could be our surrogate and egg donor."
"Good evening Lestrade, Molly." Sherlock formally greeted.
"Yes, how did you know?" Ben's look was wary.
Sherlock scowled. "Is it okay if I go to sleep?"
"John?"
"Thank you all for agreeing to a TV news story. The BBC has been wanting to do this for a very long time. Now, I understand that you have some news that you want getting out."
"They accepted, and within a week I started to take a cocktail of different hormones to help me get ready. Then finally I underwent IVF, and thankfully it worked the first time. This was just over four months ago, so I am currently seventeen weeks along."
Sherlock took a deep breath in through his nose and turned very pale.
John looked confused. "But how did you survive? I felt your pulse, you just didn't have one, you were dead!"
"Thanks! This is probably going to get me a promotion. Finally I might be a detective chief inspector!"
Trigger Warning: Mention of Anorexia Nervosa.
"Unless you've forgotten I have got the waistline of a male human, I'm going to have a larger waistline than the average woman."
"Thank you, John Watson."
"I think we should ask for an interview soon." Sherlock said. He and John sat at Speedies because Sherlock had a craving for pastries.
"When is the child due?" Molly spoke.
"Now, contrary to what many of our viewers are probably thinking, you are not here to talk about one of your cases today."
"Are you sure you're comfortable with everyone knowing you're intersex Sherlock? You'd be literally coming out to the whole world!" Mary asked.
"Can I touch you?" John asks. Sherlock nods and allows John to take his hands in his own.
Sherlock wondered what the child's name would be. If he had to decide it would be something french, like Odette and Camille for girls, or Alexandre and Mathieu for boys. John and Mary would probably want to call their child something plain and English like Lucy or Benjamin. Something he would hate.
"What?" he said, mouth full. "I'm really hungry."
"John I really need Mary's help right now. She is better suited to the task."
Sherlock hesitated a moment, but then said, "May I have one too? You know, for the notebook."
(See the end of the chapter for
One week ago John had confided in Sherlock that he and Mary had been trying to conceive their first child for over a year now, and were as of yet having no luck. He said that they were going to go to a fertility clinic next week so they could try and shed some light on their problem. Sherlock had managed to deduce that they were trying for a baby a few months earlier, but hadn't said anything. John said that Mary hadn't wanted anyone to know that they were trying to conceive, so the doctor begged Sherlock not to tell Mary he knows. This information combined with the fact that Mary looked sadder than John as well as guilt-ridden, led him to assume that their must be something wrong with Mary's body and not John's sperm.
"Can I go and tell her parents?"
"Goodnight, Sherlock."
"Yes, I want to tell them over the phone. I can't be bothered to go all of the way to their place. I just wanted to know if you are absolutely sure before I tell them."
A ridiculous sense of glee went through Sherlock when he heard that. He had to remind himself yet again that he would not be the child's father after the birth, and that legally speaking he would have very little say in the child's future. He wouldn't be raising him or her, the child won't be
John let himself watch him for a minute. It was one of those rare days, sunny and not too cold, in the English September. A ray of light fell through the window and danced on Sherlock's ivory-white skin. One of his hands rested over his stomach, an action John guessed was subconscious. The image looked perfect, except for the book, which was titled 'A history of post-mortems in the British Isles'.
Ben and Emily came with him, without even bothering to put on shoes. They got into the cab, and Sherlock said to the driver, "If you can get us to New Scotland Yard in under fifteen minutes, there's a one hundred pound tip coming your way."
"I know it would be dangerous, but Mycroft can deal with any serious threats that come about. Not many people know about intersex people. I am a relatively well known public figure, so if I was to come out then it could actually help to give us more rights. Did you know that if I felt that I was not male but actually female then I wouldn't be able to change my legal status to female unless I said I was transgender?" Sherlock had put down the tongs at some point and was not gesticulating wildly.
Usually he would never eat breakfast, but John said that he needed to put on some weight, so that is what he was going to do.
The two men ducked under the police tape and came into a room where an elderly man lay in a large bed. It looked quite a lot like the scene in Macbeth after Macbeth kills King Duncan, Sherlock thought.
"Well that's not cryptic. Is there anything I can do?"
"When I killed myself, yes I remember." Sherlock said bitterly.
"Yeah. That's going to be amazing. And that's thanks to you. Oh my god you were actually dead!"
"I understand that you would be willing to do an interview for us discussing your choice to use surrogacy to have a baby, and having Sherlock be the surrogate mother." the Mr Lawson said.
A man shouted "Cut!" from somewhere behind the row of cameras.
He almost didn't want to see the child. Once he saw them then surely the pain of knowing he had to give them up would just get worse? He couldn't let anyone know he felt that way, though. "I'm ready."
Sherlock picked up his laptop and skimmed his eyes over the returned email.
"Please don't take this the wrong way, but I think you should start seeing a therapist. I know depression and PTSD and the feeling of worthlessness, and if you find the right therapist then it can really help."
"Are you sure you want the child to have my DNA?" he asked.
"Easy, easy! Don't get your knickers in a twist. It's this way. I'm sorry, I was just surprised. Because, well, you know..." Lestrade cut off his speech awkwardly, gesturing to Sherlock's outfit. "John's already up there waiting. He's taking a look at the body right as we speak."
"Well that's to be expected. Don't worry, I'm sure you'll lose it all as soon as the baby's here." John reassured. "There, all done. Do you want to stay and watch something with me?"
Detective inspector Dimmock got into the lift with him. He looked surprised to see the tube coming out of his face, and seemed to be at war with himself over whether or not he should say something to Sherlock. The consultant decided for him by saying, "Yes, I have a tube coming out of my nose. Yes, this is new. No, I'm not going to tell you what it's for. No, I'm not dying. Does that answer all of your questions?"
"How has being intersex impacted your life?" The interviewer asked, trying to move them on.
John was quietly crying now. "You're not upset, are you?" Sherlock asked.
He managed to finish the whole of the first one before giving up. The nausea was now so bad he had to close his eyes to keep from throwing up. Sherlock lasted about a minute before giving up and running to the bathroom to empty his stomach of the cracker and some bile.
"Your pregnant?" Molly asked for confirmation, voice quiet.
"Are you sure that you would do this for us? It would mean no dangerous cases, experiments, smoking, drugs, alcohol, coffee, you'd have to eat regular meals, and that's excluding all of the physical things that are going to start happening. Your body would never be quite the same again."
After ten minutes of showing them how to do it and then quizzing them, Dr. Clarke said to Sherlock, "I want you to inject yourself now, just so I know you can do it. Then, every day for the next twelve days, you need to inject yourself just like this, okay? Lie back and pull your shirt up."
"Sure thing love. I'll be over in about an hour and a half. Bye!"
"Sherlock, we haven't talked about this yet, but I think we should start. The baby won't stay inside of you forever, so we need a birthing plan. Is there a particular way you would feel comfortable with? "
"If they don't know now then they will by the end of tomorrow. Any regrets?" they walked past security and out of the side entrance they came in through.
"Oh my god. I can't believe this is really happening! We're going to be parents Mary!" John exclaimed.
"Can't tell you yet, sorry. But come here anyway, we're celebrating!" John hugged Lestrade now.
"Not really. I've got really bad morning sickness. In the past twenty-four hours I don't think I've managed to keep anything down, solid or liquid."
It took Sherlock a minute to realise that she was joking. He chuckled and said "I'm not. And I don't have a wife or girlfriend either. This is research for my job."
"Nearly done now. I'll just check your prostate and then we will have a chat about the medications you will need to take."
"I'm not with the police. I don't know what has happened to your daughter, but I want to find out. I'm Sherlock Holmes, it's nice to meet you." Sherlock offered his hand to the man, who shook it.
"Yes, is that okay?" she responded.
isn't it. Now what have you got for me?" A big grin was plastered on to his face as he took another bite of his sandwich.
"Sure thing. Try to start sleeping on your side now, alright?"
"Does she have the results of the... you know." John censored his words because of Lestrade.
"No. Mary wouldn't appreciate that. Go tell her then. Good luck!"
John's eyes welled up with happy tears and wrapped the detective in a crushing embrace. "Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. That's amazing! This is actually happening!"
He always tells Sherlock when he wakes up from a bad PTSD dream, "Never again."
"I want to be a surrogate and egg donor for John and Mary Watson. I assume you've heard of them. Before you ask I have thought this through, I know about the body dysphoria and how my body's going to change. I want to do this for my friends and nothing you say is going to convince me otherwise."
"Sorry, I've got to take this. It's... John it's Dr Clarke."
A rustling sounded through the speakers, and then his dad's voice. "What news is it?"
All of John's fears have now been confirmed. He had treated him like shit when he returned, beaten him to a pulp several times on the first night and avoided him afterwards. What if he had been tortured not long before he had hit him? How much pain had he caused him?
"I'm an adult, I can make my own decisions. And I've been thinking about this for months. I'm certain. The embryo is being implanted in six days."
"No more than it usually is."
The doctor stood up again said, "Let's get out of here before anyone spots your brother's car waiting outside." he then walked ahead and out of the room, past a group of staring cameramen and various other people.
Sherlock turned down the telly and turned to him. "We'll tell them the truth if they ask, as long as it's alright with you. It's going to be pretty obvious to those with a working brain what caused the swelling if one day I have a 55 inch waistline and the next I have a 35 inch one."
"No. No no no no no. You were actually dead?" John was trembling.
John and Sherlock stood together in the flat in silence for a minute, John's hand still on the baby. "I think it's only just hit me. In five months I'm going to have a little person that I have to look after. They'll rely on me for everything. I'm going to get called dad."
Then he prepared a cheese and tomato sandwich for lunch. As he was eating the doorbell rang, and he heard Mrs. Hudson cheerfully greet the person standing in the doorway. Sherlock heard Lestrade's voice say something along the lines of 'hello, it's great to see you, can I come in, is Sherlock in, etc...'
"Yes."
"I thought you would think that therapy is for hippies or something like that."
"Oh my god Sherlock, are you alright?"
It was an unavoidable fact that he would receive hate and discrimination for his condition. So would John and Mary, for that matter. Coming out as gay or bisexual was difficult enough for celebrities, let alone as intersex.
Sherlock pondered telling him, but then decided against it. Best not to over the phone. "You don't need to worry about me, Greg. I promise. I will tell you and Molly and some other close friends in just over three months, if I'm lucky."
"Do you have painkillers?! I've been in so much pain here I have actually considered going back on my promise and getting some morphine! How on earth do all of you women cope!?" Sherlock yelled quietly at her.
"Goodbye, Lestrade. I'll see to it that the parents are made aware." He hanged up the phone, and got in a cab ten minutes later.
"They found her, she's alive." Sherlock smiled at them. Despite the sociopathic mask he always wore, he always loved to see a family this happy and relieved.
"I'll show you out." John offered. They walked out the door while Sherlock sat on the sofa and stared at the drip in the IV stand. John came back a moment later.
"For the record, I don't think anything is ever going to overshadow your career as a detective. And I guarantee you, in a couple of years the cases you take on will be the only thing the press talks about in relation to you."
"Good Evening to all of our viewers; we hope that you are having a pleasant evening. Tonight we have three special guests with us, who as of yet have not given any interviews. It's a pleasure to have you with us today, Sherlock Holmes, Mary Watson and Doctor John Watson."
"Oh god, Mary! Yes, right, I'll call her now." John had seemingly forgotten about his wife for a moment.
"I will try and find out the results today for you. If I do, I will call you at about four thirty. Until then try not to worry too much."
"Do it. Try and find her. If there is even the slightest chance that she is still alive then I want to do everything it takes to bring her home." the woman spoke with conviction.
"No thank you, I'm good." John left, and Sherlock wondered how on earth he was going to be strong enough to give up his child.
Sherlock ignored the last question. "I think I'm done with my questions now, thank you. Could I please have both of your numbers so I can contact you if I need anything?"
Sherlock can definitely guess what it is. A few seconds after it is waved under his nose he feels a familiar burning in his eyes, nostrils, and lungs. Acid. And from the putrid smell he assumes it's Sulphuric acid, Ph 2.75.
"What do the words mean, Sherlock?"
"Can't tell you that, sorry. My car should be here any moment now." Almost exactly after he said that a car honked outside. "Got to go, bye! Good luck with the case."
"Seven kilos in the past two weeks. I'm underweight."
"You would be okay with going on telly with me, wouldn't you?" Sherlock hadn't thought about John's opinion on the matter until that moment.
"Yes. You should really be in hospital, but we can treat you at home. Do you think you can drink something now?"
"You're sure?"
"In a minute. We might as well start eating; everything's already on the table. Help yourselves." Sherlock dodged the conversation for a minute. Sherlock remained sitting at the head of table, with John and Mary sitting opposite each other on Sherlock's sides. They helped themselves to the food and began making small talk for a few minutes.
John feels that he has to see the scars now, or he'll forever wonder about what lies beneath the silk shirts he's so fond of wearing. When he had heard Sherlock shouting in another language in the middle of the night he assumed he was just yelling at Mycroft on the phone, but he ran down stairs when he started screaming as if in agony. He had spent five minutes trying to wake him up, begging him to wake up, and when Sherlock finally did the terror in his eyes killed him inside.
“Maybe whoever it was didn’t even see them,” Sherlock pointed out.
Sherlock and Joanna, clad in their dresses, wearing makeup, although Sherlock’s wasn’t as noticeable – and, most importantly, holding hands.
. They were standing close to each other, although they were no longer holding hands, Joanna noticeably more relaxed than Sherlock.
“As you said, it’s out there. It can’t be undone.”
“She’ll be fine,” Lestrade said again.
He was about to roll his eyes, then:
“No,” Parris said, “you’re just trying to convince me – of what the old bitch wrote. My dad was the better half of them – my dad is the reason why I turned out so well.” He smiled. “My mum was a cold bitch who hated us.”
“Me and our clients,” she pointed out. “And Lestrade. And the Yard, and Mrs Hudson…”
Earlier that night, as he microwaved some expired ramen he’d found in the cupboard, possibly another relic from his divorce, Lestrade remembered the look on Sherlock’s face upon hearing the admittedly scary thud of the doctor’s head against the radiator.
Once they got to the fourth, and last, floor, and once they were able to confirm everything they’d already been told on the phone, it was the Detective Inspector who dropped the idea first. Inside the flat the windows were all shut, and there were no signs of forced entry. She’d either choked herself to death with her own iPhone charger, and that, Lestrade felt he could safely rule out, or someone had been living inside her flat for a while, but only probably. He didn’t feel confident enough to take it for certain.
Sherlock didn’t reply. It hadn’t gone
Lestrade tried to imagine the two of them – plus Mycroft – sitting at the world’s longest table, butlers and maids carrying the food back and forth, and with them were two mysterious figures, tall, with icy blue eyes, emanating authority and fear. Then he imagined himself, instead of Joanna, or beside her, and Mycroft instead of her sister. The female mysterious figure was asking him what he did for a living, expecting ‘banker’, maybe, or ‘Prime Minister’, and…
“She seemed to do it every few years, on her computer, and then she printed out the results… in 2005, she went further:
“Gave Mr Brown downstairs twenty grand to confess – he’s got a kid, she’s lovely, he wanted her to have an education or something. Something I didn’t have,” the son continued, “even though we had more than half a million stuck in the crawlspace!”
“Are you even listening to me?” Parris shouted.
“Yeah, got one for the building permits and stuff,” the man said absentmindedly.
“Both women,” Joanna said. “And B rank celebrities, I know that. I know.” It was unusually direct, coming from her. “I would like to come clean,” she began, carefully. “But you have to be on board. I don’t want people to think I’m forcing you – because of your parents’ money, or because you’re the consulting detective. You must understand, Sherlock…”
“Reasonably,” Sherlock said, although Joanna knew not to trust anything less than a ‘yes’.
She mentioned it first thing after the shift; Sherlock was reading some scientific papers on the sofa in front of the telly – she had no trouble focusing even with loud noises.
“See you there, then,” Lestrade said.
“We’re celebrating at Baker’s Street instead, with Mrs Hudson and friends, I guess. Wanna come?” Jo asked him. Sherlock was looking at the floor. “Mycroft will be there too!” Joanna added.
Sherlock was almost running to the entrance, Joanna struggling to keep up in her heels. “Let her run. It’s not like she has the keys.”
“I ran away, married a girl, went to uni. After I graduated I came back, and she forgave me. I paid her rent every month,” he added.
“No. the neighbour didn’t know about the money beforehand,” Sherlock declared.
“I’m sure Lestrade’s colleagues will be more than happy to investigate about that,” Sherlock said, then got up and left.
“Dad was a hard worker,” the man replied. “Worked ten, twelve hours every day, started out mopping the floors and made it to the top of the chain.”
“I watched her all night, sorry I couldn’t make it sooner,” at which point Lestrade found himself even more confused, because he knew Sherlock rarely woke up before ten when she wasn’t occupied with a big case, and when she was, she just bypassed the sleeping part altogether. And no matter how late or early she arrived, she never apologized for it.
“Are we sure?”
“Have you discovered something?”
“I maybe held a little bit too tight,” Parris said. “She was no longer breathing.”
, and
“To some degree, I think,” Joanna replied vaguely.
“My sister is the only one who can stand up to mum,” Sherlock said smugly, and he couldn’t tell whether she was more annoyed at Mycroft or relieved at the thought.
She dragged the same chair she’d told Joanna to use, then climbed on top of it; she was taller than the other woman, and could reach the space just fine.
When the night finally came, Lestrade spent an ungodly amount of time in front of the mirror, checking his tie, his hair – blow dried as usual, but combed with a lot more strength, – the fit of his jacket, then finally his shirt, which he’d worn at his own wedding and at his father’s funeral, so it didn’t exactly carry a lot of good memories. It had also grown quite tight around his belly. Once he was done, his mother still walked out of the bathroom, all dressed up in what must have been a very fancy dress for someone her age, and fixed his tie again. Just in case.
“That they already haven’t… taken your trust fund away, because you’re… you know,” she said, gesturing at the two of them.
“We’ll go there as…”
“And you took the money, thinking it was your dad’s savings from a lifetime,” Sherlock said, with a slightly mocking tone, “and decided to flee to South East Asia? You already had an alias ready,” she pointed out.
The question caught him off guard. “I figured you already knew,” he said. “Everything about me.”
“No. You did,” Sherlock insisted, and it was clear from her face that it was fundamentally against her own nature to say such a thing. “You had a hunch and followed it, and didn’t care about my opinion. That is a quality I appreciate a lot in a companion.” She said as if it were a poem she’d been forced to learn by heart.
“You were looking for something else entirely. What were you looking for? Christmas decorations? And you went searching in the crawlspace where you used to keep it – but you didn’t find Christmas decorations in there.”
“You mentioned that she likes theatre, sometimes,” Sherlock said, and Lestrade didn’t remember ever saying anything like that, which meant that it had to have happened years before, and Sherlock’s incredible memory had just stored the information somewhere, in some obscure drawer in the wing of her mind palace that was dedicated to the police force and maybe, hopefully, to him specifically.
He’d never dreamed of asking something so personal to the consulting detective; but after he’d witnessed that phone call, he felt like something had shifted in their dynamics, like he’d finally breached some kind of barrier, which was supposed to be breached much sooner in most relationships. Joanna smiled with just one corner of her mouth, and without happiness.
“...never any money, or a hug, or anything, really, she hated my guts my whole life – not a single nice word! And then all that shit about my father, I… I…”
“Why live there, if it was a large sum?”
“What if she got a haemorrhage, and the doctors didn’t see it? What if her skull’s actually cracked?
“I don’t think he’s capable of independent thought,” Sherlock replied, and Lestrade nodded, and thought he had an idea of the dynamics of the Holmes family.
After a minute or so, DI Lestrade had to remind himself to close his mouth. They stopped at the Yard, for Lestrade to pick up the keys, while the two women waited for him in the car.
“I want to hear you say it,” she replied.
“Day off,” she replied.
Hoping he didn’t sound overeager, but secretly hoping he did.
“We can’t say for sure. Maybe the old woman was hiding money,” she replied.
Joanna’s phone began talking at irregular intervals to give her directions as she crossed the entire city, heading towards an area Sherlock quite enjoyed, having worked there several times in the past. They often listened to music on their car rides, or sometimes they talked, and laughed, when they were not on a case. Early on, at the beginning of their cohabitation, which had quickly turned into something more, Sherlock had found herself laughing quite often, and she’d realized that she had never laughed this much before. She’d realized after that first chase, after the dinner at Angelo's, when they’d just leaned back against the wall and laughed, Joanna’s eyes glistening in the dark. Joanna laughed often, even more often since their thing – whatever it was that they had going on (although Sherlock knew she technically knew what it was) – had begun.
“It was Mr Brown from downstairs,” Sherlock told her instead.
“It’s me,” he confirmed, “Gregory Lestrade.”
“No,” Lestrade said, “he was called Albert.”
Lestrade didn’t have the heart to shatter her worldview, and tell her that more often than not the family wasn’t as innocent and pure as she liked to believe. It was a burden he had to carry due to the nature of his job, and it didn’t mean that Margaret had to carry it as well.
“About what,” Sherlock tried.
she replied, and at least, Lestrade thought, she sounded just as overager. No one had ever sent as car for him before.
The blogger couldn't help the startled gasp that escaped him when he saw Sherlock's back. It was a criss-cross patchwork of scars. There were scars from lacerations, from what looked like acid burns, and the same word carved over and over again, '
"Yes, that's everything. Thank you."
"How long have I been out?" the genius asked.
A few people stared at the bare-footed parents. He lead them quickly through a few corridors, and then he rang the bell on a locked door. You had to have special permission to go through the doors where the children were.
"Excuse me, are you Mrs. Grayson?" Sherlock had gone straight to the parent's house. He decided he would make an effort in this particular case to be kind to the family.
The detective can feel the icy wind from the glassless but barred window frame running over his welts on his back and the raw skin on his wrists from the handcuffs. It is a small mercy in his life which he is ever so grateful for. He hasn't showered in weeks; he has a beard that touches his chest; and matted hair down to his shoulders. He is grateful for anything that eases his suffering in this small corner of hell.
Next, he took off his clothes until he was only wearing his underwear. Sherlock pulled out the electric set of scales from behind the washing basket and placed them on the black and white tiles. He stepped on them and waited for a few moments for it to calculate his weight. It read 65 kilograms.
"Edvard Greig's piece Solveig's Sang. What about you?" Sherlock replied.
"I don't want to be known as 'the man who got pregnant' or 'the intersex detective'. There's a lot more to me than that. I am one of the greatest and most successful detectives that has ever lived, and I'm worried that that'll become overshadowed by all of this."
The men in his cell have been hitting Sherlock for what feels like hours with a belt. The welts on his back sting with a pain so incredible that it blocks nearly every other thought from his mind.
"I still can't accept it though, Sherlock. It would put a serious dent in Mycroft's bank account."
"Goodbye, John." he hanged up.
"Right this way." Sherlock followed after them. They came up to a soft toy play area. Sitting playing with a doll was Isabella.
"This whole being pregnant thing is a lot more exhausting than it looks. I could sleep for days, John. Days!" Sherlock brushed his hand against his forehead dramatically.
John huffed out a laugh.
-Irena
"I see you're still set on the baby being a girl." John said.
Neither of them could wait for the child to be born.
Mary smiled at John. "We are expecting our first child."
"That's good. I'm connecting it now, tell me if something feels wrong." John clipped the tube dangling behind his ear to the bag full of a yellow-white liquid. A few seconds later he felt the slightly uncomfortable feeling of it draining into his stomach.
"Are you all ready?" Jenny asked.
"All done. Is it uncomfortable?"
"I'll insert the three best embryos with this catheter, you can see it on the ultrasound here." She clicked a button on her computer and the screen flashed to life. The doctor then squirted some ultrasound jelly on his lower stomach, which was completely bruised from all the hormone injections. She moved the wand over his skin and the confusing grey lines on the ultrasound morphed into something that looked vaguely similar to his insides.
"Are you alright mate? If it ain't drugs, well I assume it's not considering John here knows what it is, then what is it? Nothing serious I hope." Greg looked rather worried.
"Yes, of course. I thought you would have needed to know more from us."
"I'm a bad person, John. I've killed people without hesitation or guilt."
"I'm perfectly fine. I just... who would do such a thing to such a little girl?" the tears flowed more freely now.
actually carry children. I'm sure you've come across the term Hermaphrodite before, with you being a doctor and all, but judging by your wife's expression my guess is that
"Was she there when Mary and I were there?"
John shook his head. It was only just dawning on him that Sherlock isn't screwing with him, and he is actually serious. The consequences of his suggestion earlier started to play on his mind, and what it means for his and Mary's options for having children. John was also a tad confused as to how Sherlock had hidden it from him all of the years he had known him, and why. Did he not trust him with the knowledge? Did he trust anyone?
"Wow, that is news." his dad said.
"We support you, Sherlock. It doesn't matter to us if you're gay." Lestrade said.
"What I've got is, 'Many of you will have seen the news article regarding the feeding tube Sherlock was seen with. You don't need to worry, he is not dying or seriously ill. At the moment I cannot reveal why he has it, but if all goes to plan it will be gone within the next few months. Please do not speculate about what is going on with him, it is nobody's business but his own.'"
"You're pulling my leg." Mrs Hudson accused.
"What do they have to do with it?"
"No. I don't think we have any. So, I'll see you again tomorrow. What time?" Sherlock spoke.
Molly and Greg had just left. John was washing up, Mary had left early, and Sherlock was lying on the sofa with his hand resting on his bump.
"Why is he paying for it then?"
"This is actually happening," Sherlock spoke softly.
"Guess how many eggs they got."
Five minutes later, Sherlock asked, "How many views?"
John gave him a tight but kind smile. He then turned to his wife and, after she gave a consenting nod, began to retell Sherlock what they had been trying to do for the last fourteen months.
"In some cases, yes, a vagina and a penis. More commonly, someone would have something called an ovotestis, which is an organ that is half ovarian tissue and half testicular tissue. I am sorry if this conversation is making you uncomfortable."
"Great. Now help me stand up." John put one of his hands under Sherlock's armpit and the other on his forearm. He helped him pull himself up and over to the sinks. Sherlock cupped some water in his hands and drank from it, then spat it back out.
"And you are a man."
"Don't say that, John, you're going to be a parent." Sherlock smiled slightly.
"People might talk." Sherlock said.
John chuckles to himself. A younger him would have cared deeply about what people might think of what he's doing, but events in the last few years have shown him just how little it matters in the grand scheme of things. And besides, now he's not totally against taking another step in his relationship with Sherlock.
After ten minutes of choosing he had picked out three different books. Sherlock then payed and headed back to Baker Street.
"I take two of the testosterone pills at a time. The records are only available to Mycroft, myself, and my Doctor. Feel free to read them, I'm not embarrassed."
"I rent out the properties I own small enough to make it worth the tenant's money, but I kept the largest eight properties. I hire people to go into them once a month to check that everything is okay in there, and a gardener for the ones with gardens twice a year. There are two castles, one in Scotland and one in Northern Ireland, the French hotel, a French manor house, a beautiful country home in Devon, a place in Wales, a place in Herefordshire, and a place in Belgravia."
-Irena
"That's our baby." Mary whispered.
It was still pitch black outside when Sherlock woke up to a horrible feeling low in his belly. He groaned softly into his pillow before swinging his legs over the side of the bed and into his slippers. He walked to the bathroom and sat down on the toilet seat to confirm his suspicions.
"No, she's not. That would be me." Sherlock spoke, blunt as ever.
"Was I right in thinking that?"
The woman with the name badge Gloria Ramirez spoke up, "We were thinking Friday the 18th of this month, if that's okay with the three of you."
"I'm not a private detective, I'm a consulting detective. I don't ask for money. I just want to ask your permission to work this case first. The Yard is about to leave it as a cold case, and I only have five days with it. But I guarantee you that I'm your best bet, and I won't ask for anything in return." Sherlock sipped his tea.
The door swung open and Dr. Clarke walked in. Her lab coat's top few buttons were undone, revealing a sensible blue shirt. She had earrings in that dangled down to her shoulders, which was unusual for doctors.
"It feels normal. You should go back to the clinic, I know you've got that Sarah woman covering your shift."
Sherlock pondered what to do. He decided that if he had a natural birth, then painkillers would be a must. No way he was getting his body ripped apart without drugs to ease the way. As to the other aspects, he couldn't decide.
"Good. I'm glad. Do you have absolutely everything you need to solve the case?" Emily asked. She seemed to be the wiser spouse.
"For the last time Anna, I do
"And you're not even charging us! If we used another surrogate and egg donor then the cost could get up to sixty thousand pounds, and that's assuming it worked the first time 'round. If you hadn't offered, the only chance we would have at having a child would be through adoption. And I'm not even going to pretend that we would get approved for that."
Jenny moved the wand slightly and then paused the screen. She pointed at a little white blob in the centre-right of the screen. "Just there, see? That's their head, and then the legs are curled round under it. Do you see?"
"I would never want baby Watson to go through any of this. The gender dysphoria and the name calling can be horrific, especially when you are young. That's why I made Dr Clarke have a geneticist check each of the embryos put inside of me. All of them were carriers of the intersex gene, but none will be affected."
"Well then. I'll start from the beginning. I got up to the roof top and Moriarty was there. That much you know. He started talking about how much I had disappointed him, and how he thought I was going to be his only worthy adversary. He then said that I had to jump, or he was going to kill Lestrade, Mrs Hudson, and, well, you." John's face remained carefully blank. He knew this part.
He smiled gently, sending a wink down in John's direction. "She's a menace with an iron. Don't let her touch anything of yours."
"I guess I'll... think about it. Properly. I'm not going to say I think it'll go one way or the other or that I'll act on whatever I decide, but... all right. I'll give it some thought."
"Yes, but... I just... I wouldn't have ever considered there to
It was becoming increasingly obvious that their relationship was not what most people would consider healthy.
John raised an eyebrow. "Why are you asking me when you clearly already know the answer?"
"No," John said without hesitation, shaking his head. "No, if you drink wine you'll end up throwing up within half an hour."
Sherlock’s gaze flashed to John. “I’m not finished here, Mycroft.”
A look of relief passed over Greg's face. "So we're agreed, you won't tell him?"
the best choice for you. Easy to get hold of."
"You set my
contacts aren't fast enough to stop me."
"Where the hell
Franco – the shopkeeper – nodded, advancing upon John to take his measurements.
"Oh. Well, goodni-"
John's face was a sight to behold, torn between genuine frustration and confusion. “And you let me sit here, absorbing everything you were saying and feeling like my bloody heart was – no, that's not fair, Sherlock, that's just not on -”
the strength of John’s battle, the fight to stop from ignoring Sherlock’s request, and he knows it with such inherent intimacy from his own longing that he feels a tremor rock through his body at the combined desire from them both: it’s agony. There is a reason, he now knows, why Mycroft had always been so vehemently against the concept of empathy and all of the dangers it posed within such close quarters, and Sherlock’s own personal reason is now poised on the edge of both touching him and moving away and he cannot stand it, will absolutely falter, will completely destroy the inward promise he made to himself to allow John to have his moment --
John stared at him. "What? Move in? With... you?"
“Can you not…” Mycroft struggled quietly for a moment, clearly not knowing how to phrase it, “…find something else to want? Something perhaps less destructive? Dare I say it, something legal?”
nice friend – I finally asked him to let me try it. He gladly let me, pleased to have someone in on his little secret; I think that he was actually far more obsessed with me than I was with him, mostly as I now knew what lay beneath his apparent layers of intellect, I knew the reasons behind his unfailing talents. He held no thrall for me now, but for him he had found a partner in crime and genius, and giving me the Adderall and watching me experience its effects was, I think, greatly pleasurable to him.
Tim reached out and took his wife's hand. "Sorry, dear. You know I didn't mean to upset you."
He did not miss her own eyes widening in surprise, her professionalism disappearing for a moment as she absorbed the damning meaning of the word; she leaned back again, relaxing into her chair as she stared at him in astonishment. "That's very bold, William."
he wanted to speak to Harry? "I, err... I have no idea, actually. I just... mm. I don't know."
The truth was, regardless of what Jim Moriarty might think, it hadn't been an intentional lack of communication. John's life in the last three weeks had so entirely been turned upside down that he hadn't even had a chance to think about what he was supposed to be doing with his life – counselling for his depression, finding a place to live for next year, small things – and that, he realised, was probably not a good thing. He knew deep down that despite of the fun he was having, despite three weeks of being in the company of this amazing family, despite the many secret, shy, heated kisses and near-misses with his best friend and the most definitely life-altering change of events since he had first arrived at the Holmes cottage, he was still depressed. He knew that he was simply distracted. One thing that John Watson was not was an idiot; depression didn't just disappear because of… well, whatever it was he was currently experiencing. It wasn't gone. It was lingering, somewhere temporary, beneath the surface and at some point he knew it would come back to bite him firmly on the arse and remind him that he should have dealt with it whilst he was in a good frame of mind to do so.
"I wasn't going to try and change your mind, you've been incredibly stubborn ever since you were a little boy. I think that what you're willing to do for your friends is very selfless."
"Sherlock why are you calling at silly o'clock in the morning? Some of us actually have to sleep you know. Mary and I do not want to come on a case with you." John's voice echoed down the phone. He must have picked up his wife's phone then by mistake.
"I'm sure. Mycroft can deal with anyone who has a serious problem with it, and it could do amazing things for intersex rights. Not many people in our generation know that we even exist. We aren't allowed to change our sex classification unless we identify as transgender and have a diagnosis of gender dysphoria. There is also very little protection for us against discrimination and we don't have the same rights as men and women."
On Monday morning the detective took a case from the blog to distract himself. It was the theft of a grand piano worth £80,000. Burglaries weren't usually his thing, but this isn't the theft of a ring or a necklace or something small, this was a
"It was too big and lonely for me. Plus Mycroft said I had to get a flat mate or live with him or he'd cut off my money. I had just gotten clean when you met me, and he has monitored most of my financial transactions since then. I rent the houses out cheaply, and give all the money I don't need to various charities."
"Only five more months to go, and then you'll have little Watson and I'll have the ability to sleep again." Sherlock joked.
"Everything seems fine so far, now I just need to take a look at your cervix. If anything hurts, just tell me and I'll try to make things more comfortable for you."
That was the first time John had ever heard Sherlock thank his brother. It was nicer than the usual complaints and sneers.
"Are you actually going to tell me?" John leaned forward.
"I don't want to hear it Sherlock, I'll text you later on today or tomorrow when
With a startled gasp Sherlock finally wakes up from his all-consuming nightmare. He flinches away from John's hands on his shoulders. He runs his hands over his wrists, arms, back, and ankles. When he realises that he is sitting on his bed and not chained up with acid burning through his skin he recites the same things he always does when he has a nightmare.
"Yeah."
John makes a vow to himself that no-one will ever hurt Sherlock in that way ever again. He would take his place in a second if he had to.
Five minutes later, Lestrade came back. He placed the phone in front of Sherlock and scratched the back of his neck uncomfortably. "Look mate, I'm sorry, but you can't blame me for being suspicious. John explained it to me though, and I understand completely."
"Let's wait to see if I get pregnant the first time, and then we will tell them. Oh, and who's Greg?"
"No. Look, I'll show you." Sherlock stood up and took off his jacket. He turned to the side so they could see the slight bump.
"I've just got to text my detective friend that we're on our way." Sherlock spoke. As soon as he looked up from his phone he was bombarded by questions from both parents.
"Yes. I've tried crackers and sipping water and even some hippy stuff online, nothing's worked."
The next morning Sherlock got up feeling quite happy. It was an unusual feeling for him to feel when John wasn't around, and he took pleasure in it. He stood in front of the mirror in his bedroom, still in his pyjamas, and imagined what he would look like in the next year and a half.
"I already see one, John. Her name's Lillian."
"I'm going to be an egg donor and surrogate for John and Mary so they can have a baby." the words were spoken very quickly, barely intelligable.
"I don't want a c-section, and I want some sort of painkillers to help me. I think we should wait to decide on home or hospital nearer the time. Nine-months pregnant me will probably have some strong opinions on it."
This took me so long to get out, sorry!
"Ugh, it's ten-thirty. Why?" John replied.
"I'll bare that in mind."
"It's a pleasure to be here." John replied to Simon Lawson, the newsreader.
He put on a pair of trainers that he usually only wore when he went to the gym, (a private one owned by Mycroft, not one of the filthy public places), and a fleece. Sherlock passed Mrs Hudson on the way outside and she nearly dropped her tea when she saw what he was wearing. She didn't say anything though, just kissed him on the cheek and shut the door behind him.
John read it quickly, then passed it back. "That's fine. Send it."
"She won't talk though, a psychologist is with her, along with child protection services."
"Why did you order the egg pizza?" he said, voice low and a bit dangerous.
'? That means freak in Serbian."
"Sherlock, wake up." John shook Sherlock's shoulder gently. The man was laying on his side like the doctor had instructed.
A crash came from Sherlock's bedroom, making the couple jump. A moment later the madman came out of his room with a folder and a glass bottle the size of a small tea cup. He quickly walked over to the coffee table and placed the two items in front of John and Mary.
"What's happened? I was in my mind palace."
"Too soon? Still? It's been years and I even said that I was sorry." Sherlock stopped talking when Mary kicked him.
When Sherlock emerged five minutes later he went to his room to put a shirt on. When he had done that he went and sat down opposite where Mary was sitting on the sofa and she passed him the hot water bottle.
The detective sat on his bed. He brought his knees up to his chest and held the photo in shaking fingers. He could see his child's head and the rough shape of their legs amongst the dark lines, and his heart ached. He never imagined that he would feel this way towards the unborn cherry-sized child occupying his womb.
"Then go to sleep. If you wake up at silly o'clock in the morning it's not my fault though."
"You're using again. How could you Sherlock?! How could you?! You spent so long working to get clean, and now you just throw it all away!" Lestrade fumed.
John answered first, "All of our close friends were very supportive when we told them. They were surprised, of course, but that's to be expected. And as for my family, well, they don't know. I stopped talking to my parents after they threw my sister out for being gay, and me and her aren't very close anymore."
The faith that John and Mary had in him was surprising. Sherlock was also surprised by Mary's view on him providing half of the genes necessary for a baby. He would have thought she'd be angry over not being able to be the genetic mother herself, and perhaps resenting him a bit for being able to provide John with something she can't.
The rest of the evening passed on in relative silence, except for Sherlock shouting at the TV. Sherlock couldn't help but thinking about how much he would give to raise the baby with John. What would the child look like? Boy or girl? Brown curly hair or blonde straight hair? Tall or short? Would they like science, reading and the violin, or sports and socialising? The balance of probability would suggest that the child has dark curly hair and blue eyes with a skin tone leaning towards John's.
John didn't know what to say to that. He had been wondering about the possibility of baby Watson being intersex, but he had just pushed the thought to the back of his mind. "Thank you. And I don't mean any disrespect by saying that, I just don't want them to go through what you've gone through."
"I know. I've had months to think about it, I know what I'm getting in to."
"Can I touch you? It's okay if you don't want me to." John asks
"I wasn't joking John! This may come as a slight shock to you, but I
"What! But this case is at least an eight! You never miss these. What's going on?"
Sherlock arrived at the Ritz half an hour later, ten minutes before Lestrade asked. He walked up to the DI and tapped him on the shoulder.
Sherlock felt pissed at the question. "No, I do not think that that is too young. Telling young genderqueer people that they are too young to make important decisions about their identities and their bodies does more harm than good in the vast majority of cases. I told my parents when I was only two years old that I was a boy, that I was their son, and they accepted that. If they had stopped me from taking the testosterone then I would have had to have surgeries when I was older along with having to go through puberty all over again. One in four transgender teenagers or children will attempt suicide at least once. I can guarantee that if they were given access to hormonal replacement therapy or even just puberty blockers earlier on then that number would be much lower."
After he had solved the case, the elderly gentleman offered him a check for £5,000 for his efforts. Now usually Sherlock would politely decline, but today he took the money after thanking the Gentleman. He thought that perhaps he would start a trust fund for John and Mary's baby.
He groans in anticipation of how horrible this would be. To his dismay he realises that he's shaking, and not from the cold.
Please excuse any medical inaccuracies, I am not a doctor.
The doctor got a different instrument out and guided it over his bump. A very fast, whirring heartbeat echoed in the otherwise silent room.
"Can I speak to Mary? I need her help."
"Because I don't know what I'll find. I'm so sorry, but at this point it is unlikely that your daughter is alive. The best case scenario is that I find Isabella, and return her to you safe and sound. In the worst case scenario, then I can offer you closure."
The detective considered it for a minute, and let out a breath before saying, "Yes, I'm sure I want to do this. And I don't see why we should put it off any longer; I'm already four months gone now." Sherlock put his hand on his bump that was growing bigger by the day.
"Because you just yelled my name like the sky was falling down! What's wrong?"
Sherlock stood in front of the mirror. He wore just a pair of navy boxer shorts. His dressing gown lay on the floor.
The only thing now stopping Sherlock from suggesting himself as the surrogate and/or egg donor, is the fear of John leaving him. His mother once said to him that a true friend wouldn't care that he has an ovary or two as well as his 'boy parts' as she had called them then. Sherlock knew that John would die for him, the Moriarty encounter at the pool had taught him that. If John was willing to kill and die for him, stay his friend even after the drugs and the faked suicide and countless other incidences, then why on earth would he leave him now?
With that Sherlock dashed downstairs and put his coat on. He opened the door and saw the black Aston Martin waiting for him and got in the back seat.
John huffed out a small laugh. "No. God, no. I'm the happiest I have been in a very long time. I just can't believe it. I'm a forty year old man, and my wife is thirty-eight. I was excited when we first started trying for a baby, but then as the months wore on I sort of just thought that it was never going to happen. When Mary got her diagnosis, I thought that I knew for sure. But then ten months ago, you offered us the most amazing thing anyone could ever give.
about making a joke about this!" John said softly. Mary tugged on his sleeve to try to get him to calm down, but he just shook her off.
They settled in for the next half an hour journey to the clinic. When they got there the car went around the back and into a staff parking space. "Less chance of anyone seeing you arrive here, Mr. Holmes." was Anthea's explanation.
"Come here my boy." Mrs Hudson stood up and came round to Sherlock. She wrapped her arms around his shoulders and drew him into her chest.
With that Sherlock leapt up from his armchair and whisked himself away into his bedroom. Mary turned to John and asked him, "Well what do you think?"
The doctor came over and thought about how he should put it. "Because she's been in love with you for years, Sherlock. She completely hated herself for it because she knew that you would never go out with her."
"I got really bad morning sickness called hyperemesis gravidarum -or just HG- which is why I need the tube. I'm not sick."
"How old?"
"No."
Sherlock never liked this bit. It was always a bit weird to have someone touching him down there, but he did what she said anyway.
Sherlock looked up from where he had his head in his hands and saw his friends with very different emotions on their faces. Mary looked utterly confused, like she was trying to work out whether or not Sherlock was kidding. For anyone else she would have brushed off his comment as a joke. A joke in very bad taste, but a joke none the less. However, this was Sherlock Holmes after all, and one could never quite work out if he was messing around or not.
"Yes. Yes I am." Sherlock said.
forgive you and we are
She put on a pair of gloves and squeezed a type of lubrication onto her fingers. Then she put one inside of him gently and started feeling around and pressing down on his abdomen. It felt a bit uncomfortable and awkward having her fingers in him, but he knew that in the end if it makes sure the baby will be safe then it would be worth it.
I've calmed down and when you realise why it was entirely inappropriate to say that!" The shorter man tried to move past the human obstacle in his way, without any luck.
Sherlock was used to this by now. Dr. Clarke took a vaginal speculum and gently inserted it in him. Then she took an instrument that looked like a small spatula and took a sample from his cervix. Next she removed all instruments and changed her gloves.
"Why didn't Molly take it as well as Lestrade?" Sherlock asked John.
, John walks around to the other side of the bed and gets in.
"Are you alright Sherlock?" John asked.
"I'm sorry to hear that. Are you alright now?"
"When he left I called Mycroft and told him what had happened. He was twenty-nine, and very protective of me. He caught Trevor on the side of the road going back to his student accommodation, and kidnapped him. He then threatened him with blackmail files he had kept for this very reason. I never heard or saw him again."
"No, I don't feel like it. Plus, I got rid of most of the things you would deem disgusting in the kitchen."
He smiled apologetically. "Of course. Would you mind elaborating a bit more on what happened? We got a quick overview from Ms Hobbs who visited you, but we would love it if you could describe to us in your own words what happened to you all to get to this point."
