That was good enough for John. Without waiting another moment, he strode forward and grabbed Sherlock’s face, pulling him into a deep kiss. Sherlock stood still for a beat, and then his lips moved as he kissed back. Relief washed over John, in a dizzying wave, and he felt himself melt into Sherlock’s body.
The room itself was dark, had to be—their one-way mirrors weren’t the best quality. The interrogation room, however, was lit from the inside, a row of pink-tinged fluorescents illuminating the small metal table and two chairs, one of which had a disheveled-looking Mr. Carruthers handcuffed in it.
“Sherlock, sorry, but we have to go,” said John. Anna opened her eyes and observed him over Sherlock’s shoulder, his face tight and strained, but raw in some way, as if he was watching something forbidden but didn’t want to stop. His eyes locked on hers and he made what appeared to be an attempt at a reassuring smile. It sent an odd little thrill up her back.
Sherlock swallowed. That’s most certainly not how it was going to go. But he was here now, and he had to look. To see. He started forward carefully, examining the rubble, shifting larger pieces to see underneath. He searched for several minutes with no luck, when a thought suddenly struck him: What if John escaped? What if he got out before the bomb exploded? What if he was alive? Sherlock’s heart leapt into his throat.
John moved his fingers over Sherlock’s lips, sliding them back and forth between the iterations of the word. His thumb pushed a little ways into the opening, gently running over the tips of Sherlock’s teeth, and Sherlock closed his lips around the thumb and drew it deeper into his mouth. “Oh,” John gasped, as he felt the warm wetness of Sherlock’s tongue. He shoved his thumb in further, as far as the back of Sherlock’s molars, and Sherlock hollowed his cheeks as he sucked it in. It gave John an idea of what he’d rather put in there instead, and he shivered with the expected pleasure of it.
“I’ll let Sherlock explain—because
His shock was palpable; Sherlock was positive John could feel it on his lips, then on his tongue (just a little tongue). His eyes were still open, hadn’t closed on reflex—none of his reflexes were working. The lack of breathing and beating heart were especially noticeable.
John looked at him. He wanted to roll his eyes and say, “I don’t have any friends here, you twat, I never worked in sodding Dover and it’s been thirteen years since I worked anywhere, anyway. And all the EMTs here hate me because I pulled a gun on them to let me in the ambulance with you.” But he didn’t say that. The look on Sherlock’s face puzzled him—it was clear he just wanted John to leave. “Okay,” he said instead. He attempted a smile again, but felt he didn’t quite make it. “I’ll check on you in a bit, then.”
Sherlock realized then that he was lonely. That was the only word for it: loneliness. All he could think about as he was making love to Molly, besides how good it felt, was how
“I know that, John. And truthfully, I didn’t think anything of it at the time, either. It was only later, that I…” he trailed off.
John turned around sharply at the sound of Sherlock’s voice, for it had come from the opposite end of the house than he’d expected. He’d thought that Sherlock would still be standing by the door and not knowing what to do with himself but instead he was crouched in front of the stove and loading wood with a little kindling and moss from the box John kept on the floor beside it. Sherlock opened the flue and struck a match on the brick hearth. It hissed into flame and he lit the moss in a few places and threw the rest of the match inside. Then he swung the glass door halfway closed so that air could still draw in from the outside and stood up and turned around. “Need help with dinner?” he asked.
“This isn’t going to work,” I said, muttering to myself as I kept pacing. I turned to face him. “I can’t see you anymore.”
know I’d heard it?”
And right now, he needed Sherlock to be the best he could be.
Sherlock had been plagued by that question since they’d seen the news report.
“Seize her.”
John thought, staring at the top of Sherlock’s curly head.
Sherlock drew in a breath. “And then, he kissed me.”
“It was never going to be easy, Sherlock. But don’t give up, just because it’s hard.”
“It’s not your fault,” Sherlock replied.
“Erm… averagely so?”
, Sherlock nearly retorted, but stopped himself, because that didn’t make sense. John was standing in front of him, clearly
“No,” Sherlock took the towel out and gasped from the counter. “No. Just do it. Just do it and ignore me, please.” He put the towel back and gripped the tap in his hands, anchoring himself to it.
John peered over and tapped his phone, on the table next to his hands. “Yep, you did. ‘
“Of course, you’re at the intersection of—“ the friendly, forgettable pedestrian began, when Sherlock suddenly grabbed the map back and hastily gave a “thanks” as he moved to the two young women standing a few feet from John.
“So?” protested Sherlock, put-out.
decided to take him to court, Sherlock was sure he’d have lost. Blood-relatives usually trumped everything else, not to mention that his job, while safe for the city, was not safe for him or for anyone in his household. And, of course, there was his drug problem on record, which any half-decent lawyer would drag out into the open. Then there would be character witnesses. If nothing else, the sheer number of people in London who hated him would be enough to convince a judge that he had no business raising a child. But he would have gone down fighting. He would have done anything to keep that little girl.
“No you won’t.”
(What was this rubbish I was thinking?)
“Me.” Harry’s voice grew even colder. “I’m her auntie. Blood-related. She should be with me. And if you’re so keen to fight me, you should realize that any court would give me custody in a heartbeat—“
Anna nodded and set her face. “So, what’s my crime?”
Sherlock sat up and slid out of bed, padding to the loo to splash some cold water on his face. He caught his reflection in the mirror above the sink and stood there for a moment, studying himself. He’d turned a bit pink from the icy water, his cheeks bright in a pleasant flush… or was that left over from the dream? Sherlock took a deep breath and closed his eyes.
“That’s all we can ask.”
“Oh, just show him!” Mary barked, over her shoulder.
The three of us were silent. “Sherlock?” said Lestrade, looking for my affirmation. John stared at me, not saying a word.
Ella made a note in her notebook. “And then?”
And there, standing in front of her, gagged and held by Moriarty’s guards, were the three members of her band.
,” I said, just to make him uncomfortable. Unfortunately it didn’t seem to work; if anything, John looked immensely satisfied. He was probably congratulating himself for figuring I was gay all along.
being snide. “Sherlock’s not home,” she told him, looking back at her laptop. “Want me to tell him you stopped by?”
had a night terror, he would not have admitted it upon waking. He would certainly not have cried on John’s shoulder. Or let John kiss him.
“Oh, this is completely ridiculous,” John huffed. He pulled out his mobile.
he choked, hoping for some reassurance. Instead, the guard whacked him over the head with his gun and with a “
Sherlock smiled then, a small one, but it was there. “Then why did I?”
John whipped around to look at him. “You stay awake, damn it.” Then he turned to Anna. “Anna, come over here and let’s go. Mycroft will take care of Mary.”
a voice boomed over the water. When Anna’s vision had adjusted to the light, she could see a police boat coming close, the silhouettes of men with guns pointed out at them. She put her hands up; John and Sherlock did the same.
, John thought, clenching his jaw as he pulled up to the curb.
“Well, what would you infer, given all of this recent information?”
,” Sherlock breathed, between their lips. He felt John’s curve up against his own, in a smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
” he shouted, with the unexpected added pain.
John froze as he realized what he’d done. He supposed it was a familiar gesture because of his daughter, because he kissed
Sherlock looked up at him, his brow furrowing.
John tenderly folded the case and bent down to open a cupboard, the one where Mary kept all the old towels they didn’t use anymore. He gently pushed them aside and reached to stuff the pillowcase all the way in the very back. He stared into the black hole, his heart aching with some kind of hurt that he still didn’t quite understand.
They all three stared at him while the television continued to blare.
At first there was nothing but the slimy feeling of cold, rainy-wet lips on each other, the shock of someone in his personal space. But then, there was everything else: Sherlock felt his whole body respond to the kiss, narrowing down, wanting to force itself into the tiny spots where their lips touched; wanting to keep doing it, and more of it, and never stop doing it, and oh,
Sherlock nodded fiercely. “We knew that the key had an incredible significance, for Mycroft to send us after it. And when we went, it was sitting in the middle of the facility, as Moriarty’s bait, so that he could carry out his plan. You put it in your pocket—“
“I’m not leaving this door!” he shouted, taking another drink and trying to make sense of everything.
“If you tell him what we’re planning, he’ll stay out of the way. He will. He’ll—“
“It’s Anna. She’s killing them!”
I asked myself.
Molly’s eyes widened. “The Talk. You know…about sex.”
. Yeah. So have fun with
He came over, smiling and shaking his head, and I watched him as he leaned forward and kissed me. He put the coffee in my hand and gave my arse a squeeze. “So, what’s on?” he asked, walking back toward the table as if nothing had happened. “Where are we going to be in thirty?”
As the Detective Inspector had driven away from his house, grumbling to himself and rubbing his tired eyes, he’d begun to think a little more about the situation. The fact that Sherlock’s first instinct was to investigate the Carruthers started to bring to mind the oddities that Lestrade had noticed when they’d initially interviewed the family. Like, for example, how Violet was supposed to nanny for them, yet their son was nowhere to be seen. “Visiting his grandparents,” they’d said, and Lestrade had bought it—the first time. The second time he’d come to ask questions, the son still wasn’t there—and neither was
“What do you…”
Sherlock had done his best to avoid the Detective Inspector after John had died. If he thought about it logically, Lestrade had saved his life; Sherlock would never have been able to get John out of the glass cage in time for both of them to survive. And if Lestrade hadn’t saved his life, he wouldn’t have come home to find Anna on his doorstep. And Anna was the best thing that had ever happened to him.
For some reason, John blushed. It was something about the look Sherlock gave him, something about the way his eyes were dancing…. John was lucky that his hands were covering most of his face.
. “Well, if you’re not going to eat, why don’t you tell me where you’ve been for the last thirteen years?” he said nonchalantly, after swallowing the mouthful.
he thought, with a smirk.
Lestrade and Donovan exchanged glances. “In the basement,” he said, reluctantly. “They had this room—“
“Yeah. Great, let’s go,” agreed Lestrade, if a little awed. He turned around, facing me and John again. “Er, thanks, you two. Appreciate you making the trip out.”
Sherlock was about to retort when he caught a glimpse of the spine. “Dan Brown?” he scoffed. “For God’s sake, Mycroft, how the hell can you read that rubbish? His deductions are completely unrealistic—“
Sherlock came over to sit cross legged in front of the fire. He padded over still drying his hair and when he sat he put on his wool socks before he crossed his legs and bent his head towards the heat. They sat there for a while staring at the fire and saying nothing. Afterward John started to feel tired so he stood and put another log on and announced that he was going to bed. “You can sleep in the chair, if you like,” he said.
“Mmmmm,” I replied, my mouth still on him.
His smile grew.
“Annalise, that is a paradox,” Sherlock informed her. “I cannot ‘basically’ and ‘exactly’ be doing something. And anyway, I’m not doing what you did,” he said. “I’m actually deducing things.”
The woman looked wide-eyed to Lestrade, but he just shrugged. “Come on,” she snapped at the other police officer, and the two of them marched out of the room.
The other man’s anger gave way to curiosity. “You did? How is he?”
“S-some support,” reeled Anna. Her voice shook with anger, an anger that she knew was covering up something deeper, something much more painful. “Looks like you changed your mind.”
“I want to feel you inside me.” He stroked. “Please.”
John frowned in concern. “Are you sure?”
He smiled a little. “Maybe.”
“Tell me,” Sherlock interrupted, his voice speeding up. “When you told Mary about the raid on Moriarty, did you also tell her about the key?”
Sherlock finished with the buttons and lowered his hands to John’s belt buckle.
“Please,” whispered Sherlock.
“Hi Mummy,” said Anna, taking another bite and looking back up at Sherlock. “Your name’s ‘Sherlock’? That’s funny.” She giggled into her candy.
, he told himself.
Jim Moriarty grinned wickedly from behind the observation deck’s windows, Mary Watson standing next to him with an equally evil smirk on her face. “Poor Sherlock.” Moriarty tutted into the microphone, the sound of his voice reverberating annoyingly against the walls of the larger room. “When I told you that I would burn the heart out of you, did you not believe me? Silly Sherlock. You should have believed me.”
“No, no thank you,” John replied, equally polite.
“What if they catch you, John?” Mary asked him, quietly. “What if you go to prison? What if you… you leave us…” She started to cry. “You never
Both men were quiet then, letting that revelation sink in. Mary, a Mughal princess? But she didn’t really even look like… except, now that John thought about it, Mary
“Sherlock!” Mrs. Hudson scolded, before he slammed the door in her face. “You didn’t really eat
“Nonsense, John!” shouted Sherlock over the music. He spun around once, twice, thrice. “It was a simple process of elimination. We eliminated ‘hunger’ and ‘physical discomfort,’ so there could only be one thing left.” He stopped spinning and handed Anna back. “Give it a try,” he said, breathlessly, cheeks pink with physical exertion.
. I’m on it.” He spun around and exited the room, trying to hold in his grin until they couldn’t see him anymore.
I stalled instead.
my question.”
Anna turned to look at Sherlock. His music was melancholy tonight… he didn’t usually play so emotionally. Something about the way he was standing and swaying to the music, ever so subtly, moved her. She thought about all that had happened in the last few weeks, and all that had happened tonight… in that time, she hadn’t really given a thought to how Sherlock was reacting—she’d just focused on lying to him, convincing herself that she was doing it all for him in the long run. But now she thought about it, and realized with guilt that Sherlock probably thought she was pulling away from him in her teenaged state. He probably felt like he was losing her.
. Like he knew the situation was only temporary. Like he knew he’d get out, go back to his heinous ways.
“You kissed me,” I blurted. Apparently I’d decided to go for a more direct approach this time.
like that— not ever, and I knew what I must have looked like to him. For the first time, he was noticing I was bigger than he was, and I’d got more muscle as I’d aged, and I knew how to fight, perhaps better than he even did. That I was smarter, and stronger, and motivated, and I could hurt him, really hurt him, if I wanted. “Okay, Sherlock,” he whispered, and took a step backward toward the door. “Okay, I’m going.” He moved to turn, then looked back. “Pembridge Palace. That’s where I’m staying, if you... change your mind.” And then he went out the door, and fled down the stairs. Out of my life.
“So, what was it you wanted to discuss?”
“They adored you,” John elaborated. “Surprisingly.”
“Molly,” Sherlock sighed and finally straightened up to look at her.
John looked at her and didn’t say anything.
It had been fun the last few days, having John there in the flat. Anna hadn’t expected it to be fun; she’d expected it to be awkward, and uncomfortable, and a little dull, but not
John knew Sherlock would not have made it to the next bend yet, even moving as quickly as he had been. He looked down to see where Sherlock’s tracks led, thinking perhaps he had cut through the forest.
Sherlock fiddled with the handle of his teacup, not sure if he believed her.
Sherlock’s shoulders relaxed as he warmed to the conversation. “She’s rubbish at school,” he continued. “Her marks are atrocious. She’s incredibly brilliant, I just can’t seem to get her to
John was bewildered by her reaction; she seemed scared, of all things. Scared of what? That John loved Sherlock, too? That Sherlock had some power over John that could make him leave her and their daughter? Was she crazy? John had thought that she was being most ridiculous, and told her so.
read all of that on my face, but you didn’t have to… Jesus
“Of course we did,” Sherlock said, as a matter of fact. “No taxi could make it through this weather.”
“Don’t.”
“Just… just in the bath.”
No. This was different, somehow.
Anna glanced over at Lucy, then at the fish, then back at Sherlock. “Am I in trouble?” she asked, her voice shaking.
she had asked Mycroft.
Mycroft rolled his eyes. “No destination, but certainly a
he go? Molly didn’t want to know; the problem was too big to fathom. Looking at Mycroft sitting in the chair opposite, she was suddenly struck with a sense of pity for him; in his position, he had to consider this issue constantly and make decisions based upon it. Maybe it wasn’t up to her to judge him for those decisions… and maybe that was a relief.
“I was just thinking that, this morning,” John replied with a smile.
“I want to see you,” he whispered. I knew the “naked” was implied, and I resisted the urge to mutter “I told you so” to myself. It wasn’t exactly satisfying in this situation.
, there was no way that was going to keep happening. Mary was too proud, too independent to continue a marriage with someone who didn’t love her. They’d divorce. They’d trade off watching the baby. John would move back
“Okay…” John’s smile faded. “Do you want me to just—“ He gestured to the chair next to him.
John sighed again, realizing how bleak the situation looked for the Detective Inspector. “Sherlock,
As soon as the door was closed, John let out the breath he’d been holding. “What happened?” he asked, quietly.
. It wasn’t that he wanted John to do those things to
“Er... yes. Both of them. This last one also had severed limbs.”
He found Sherlock thrashing around in his covers, mumbling “
And again.
Oh Christ. Oh bloody Jesus Christ.
, I tried to reason.
“You…”
Mary’s face broke, and an eloquent tear spilled out of each of her eyes. “Oh, love. Oh, my baby girl. I’ve missed you so, so much.”
I frowned at him. “It’s already got manageable for you. You went to the surgery.”
“Yes, but this is different.”
“John—“
“Can I help you?” asked the man.
“Then
“I’m not asking you to.” Was he even listening to me?
Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes. “Of course I would have taken you back,” he said. “I would take you back
John sighed. “Sherlock, that’s impossible. Honestly,
I shuffled down between his legs again, and used my free hand to steady his cock. I sank my mouth down onto it and pressed a little more firmly at his areshole.
Sherlock turned around. “Of course I did.”
“Yes,” answered Sherlock, finishing up the toy bag.
“As bad as what?” Sherlock asked, his fingertips pressed against the sides of his closed eyes.
Molly looked back at her, wearily. “Sherlock has no idea, does he?”
Home was the first place I thought of going when I left John’s hotel. I knew I had to leave him behind, for good, but I didn’t know how exactly to do that. I thought and thought and realized that I would probably have to leave London altogether, which was not something I was keen to do. I had other friends there and I knew the police and I had established a presence for my consulting detective services and I couldn’t imagine having to start over somewhere else. But I did have to get out of London, if only temporarily. So I hopped on a train to my childhood home.
“Is it always this painful?”
When she was a little girl, Mycroft had taught her to play chess. She’d nearly forgotten about it; the games would always end in her being beaten and in tears, and Sherlock had finally outlawed it. Anna was probably eight years old, at the time. “Mycroft, quit bullying her,” he’d said. “Why don’t you play Operation, instead?”
They were relaxing out in the backyard garden, baby Anna sitting in the grass, kicking her legs against the soft leaves in enjoyment. They’d come round for a visit while Mary “took care of some business” in the nearby town. John wasn’t really sure what that meant, exactly, but at this point, he was beyond asking. She’d been acting strange for a few weeks now, and became terribly defensive whenever John questioned her about it.
“But you can’t,” said John, stubbornly. “You can’t let something like that go. It’s with you forever.”
Mary’s glare in response threatened to burn a hole through his skull.
) and there was no use ruining the shirt any further.
“This?” John asked skeptically, looking back at the picture. “This is what he wants us to retrieve?”
The ones Mycroft had given to her when he’d come to talk to her about becoming a spy. Mycroft had told her to keep them hidden, because Sherlock couldn’t know that Mycroft had been over that day (Mycroft had even avoided straightening the knocker on the front door, although it pained him). She had to think quickly. “I borrowed them,” she said nonchalantly, with just a touch of annoyance.
Anna’s tears dried up, forgotten in her awe. “Me? What am I supposed to do? I’m just a child.”
He really would have liked to blame Mycroft for the whole thing. Anna was a child, and Mycroft had exposed her to things that were way beyond her capacity for understanding. But as Mycroft had said, after they’d finally turned off the telly, the crime was supposed to be
John’s smile faded there, in the park, the reality of what Sherlock had said dawning on him. It had started to rain, but neither of them were paying attention.
They looked at each other, and burst out laughing. “Well, Sherlock’s back,” John announced, when they finally stopped. They both got up to come to Sherlock’s side. “How are you feeling?”
The rushing turned to ringing and John’s head vibrated with the sound. The snow fell, the wind blew it sideways.
Sherlock’s hands left his chin and grabbed the arms of his chair. “Where did you get those?” he quizzed, pushing himself up with inhuman speed and picking up the headphones to examine them before Anna had a chance to think.
John glared at him. Sherlock could tell he was frustrated, he was gnawing at the inside of his cheek and the tips of his ears were bright red.
Yet Mycroft seemed wholly convinced of Anna’s abilities to fool the most intelligent criminal in the world. Molly doubted Mycroft had seen something that she and Sherlock hadn’t, so the only explanation was that Mycroft was using Anna for an entirely different purpose.
“I know you’re capable,” John told him, his tone softer. “But I just… I’m still here, Sherlock. If you need me.”
John walked past her and strode into the living room, and sat on the end of her couch. Her cat mewed from the floor and jumped up onto his lap, purring. He stared at it for a moment, then reached out to give it a pet. It smiled its cat smile and arched its back under his touch.
He heard Lestrade take a deep breath and let it out slowly.
“You forgot to kiss me goodnight,” he said.
“Oh, we know you’re not gay,” said Sherlock’s mother, reading his mind. “But Sherlock is.”
“Good.” She sat back in her chair. “If you think about it, I’m sure it explains a lot. I didn’t know how to be a mother. I didn’t want to. I was well on my way to winning the Nobel Prize in mathematics, it was only my career that mattered, but your father just happened to be in the right place at the right time, when I was feeling vulnerable.... You know, it’s harder for a woman, because whether we like it or not we are on a schedule, and there’s this window of opportunity, if you want to have children. I knew I didn’t, I was positive, but I couldn’t help looking at a passing family on the street and wondering what it would be like, and if I was making a mistake choosing something else.”
, Sherlock. That’s marriage, that’s what it means; I gambled on Mary, she gambled on me. It doesn’t mean I don’t love you, desperately,” John choked on another sob. “It just means that I chose her. I chose her, and I promised to keep choosing her for the rest of my life.”
I blinked at him, my head swimming. I could see his features peeking out from between his hands—his eyes, his nose, his lips. I couldn’t stop watching his lips.
“I—I’ve made a terrible mistake, I think. I don’t know… I don’t know what I’ve done. I don’t know what happened, but she’s gone.”
“Oh, by the way,” Mycroft said slyly, after he had cleaned himself and taken a drink of tea, “Mary Watson passed away last night.” He watched Sherlock over his teacup as he took another sip.
Sherlock smiled back at him, one of those few, genuine, ear to ear grins that he so rarely employed.
Mary didn’t respond, and John eventually turned his head to stare at her. She’d set the torch on the ground and pulled out a pocket knife to clean her fingernails. “I apologize,” she said, finally. “I didn’t know he was going to have you beaten, like that. It was quite unnecessary in my opinion, but… well, you know Jim. Anything to hurt Sherlock Holmes that much more. Which reminds me,” she went on, looking up. “Anna
John just looked at me, stupidly. As if I was stupid. Which I was, of course—I should’ve known “why.” I was the omniscient Sherlock Holmes, for God’s sake. But I didn’t. All I could think of was that he kissed me, and I liked it. Sentiment, sentiment, sentiment, clogging my neurological pathways, demanding my attentions for non-deductive pursuits. How was I supposed to bloody deduce anything in this state of mind?
“Impossible.” Now I could hear his stomach digesting whatever he’d last eaten. Next to John’s laugh, it was the most beautiful sound I’d ever heard. “Society would cease to function.”
“Sounds like you’ve been sick all your life,” he chuckled.
“If you don’t ring me back in the next hour, I’m calling Scotland Yard—and you can have a bloody nice time explaining to Lestrade why you’re messing with their investigations,
John continued walking around the perimeter of the pond to where there was another path on the other side. This path he made during the second summer and it went a ways farther to the river. He came to the entrance of the path when he heard his name shouted behind him.
Sherlock stopped pacing. “Why ever not?”
“Wait a minute,” interrupted John. “Redbeard… I’ve heard that name mentioned before—and every time, Sherlock looks like he’s seen a bloody ghost.”
John came, then, unexpectedly, and violently, with a yelp of surprise. “Sher… Sher… Sher…” he attempted, but was cut short by the shivering waves of his orgasm. He hadn’t meant to come yet, it was just the… the gesture, of seeing Sherlock look at him… “Fuck,” he breathed. “Sherlock…” He pulled out and Sherlock turned around.
,” Sherlock grumbled, put-out by John’s refusal.
Sherlock nodded again.
I backed away from him. He kept coming. He was going to back me into a piece of furniture, or the wall, if I didn’t do something soon.
More silence passed and Sherlock shifted on his feet. “And you’re... not going to offer any further explanation?”
“You survived,” commented John, his eyes sparkling with amusement. Sherlock didn’t answer, instead glaring at him in annoyance; but as he walked past to go unlock the cabin, Anna saw him squeeze John’s hand. John smiled after him, affectionately, as he stepped up the stairs to the front door.
John’s cheeks tinged pink. “Ah, well…” he trailed off, fiddling with the zip on his jacket.
“Dinner’s on,” said Mrs. Hudson. “Oh Sherlock, do shut that window!”
thing. Sherlock was sure of it. Thank God he’d chosen last night to learn about blowjobs; it was the perfect time to step up his game, since John had come in today with second thoughts. He would just have to keep upping the ante.
There they were: the sheets. The ones that Sherlock had slept in. He could see them through the dim hallway light, quietly rumpled in the corner. John went over and sifted through until he found what he was looking for—a pillowcase. He pulled it out and held it to his nose.
John flushed pink. “You… well, don’t you have a hip?” he accused.
After it was over, he collapsed, breathing raggedly for some time, his hand still clenched around his dwindling erection. He rolled on his back, staring up at the dark ceiling, feeling incredibly guilty about his fantasy.
“Of course you can,” Sherlock told her, stirring some milk into his tea. “When your marks improve.”
me. It wasn’t a sham, it wasn’t a show, it wasn’t for a case—it was real.”
, save for making sure he pays for what he’s done.”
“Any luck?” From the tone of his voice, he didn’t expect a positive answer.
John told himself) enamored best friend. He tried to come up with what he’d say on the ride over, but everything he thought up sounded either insensitive or downright ridiculous.
“I don’t know what to do,” Sherlock told Mrs. Hudson as she brought some left-over apple turnovers to the table. “If he’s not drinking, he’s sleeping, and if he’s not sleeping, he’s crying… and I don’t even have to
” asked Molly, fear squeezing her lungs.
to bed,” he said, and smirked like he’d just made the cleverest sexual segue on the planet.
“Oh,” said John. “Well, can I come in?” He began to open the door. It wouldn’t have been the first time John had spoken to him in the bath, they had often consulted on cases like that—Sherlock was convinced that the hot water opened his capillaries, increased blood flow to the brain and allowed him to think better.
Mycroft’s smirk had grown. “Tell me, then.”
, she thought. “Perhaps the best course of action is to put it bluntly and follow up with questions afterward.” He took a breath. “Annalise, John Watson was not your father.”
John took a step toward him, instead. “
“No, it’s—“ Sherlock took a deep breath. “I just don’t ever find myself in this situation. I haven’t done… that… since I was seventeen years old.”
“Isn’t that your job? Isn’t that what you signed up for?”
Mary’s blurry blond head moved into view, lit from the side by a torch. “Pleading is not going to help you, John,” she said. “Not with me, anyway.”
Lestrade furrowed his brow. “Why?”
John stopped and looked up. He had been waiting to see which approach Sherlock would take. Apparently he was going for an indirect one. Well, that was alright. John thought he might at least get some help on the property before he sent the detective back the way he came. He hoisted the axe forward and out and Sherlock came over and took it, and looked deeply into John’s eyes. John knew that behind his own he was anxiously deducing John’s reaction to everything. Now that he was closer John saw that his coat was not black as he first thought but green, a deep green, and filled with goose down by the puff of it. His trousers
“You should have shot him, too.”
of alcohol?”
” John hissed. “Who the fuck in their right mind would think—“
about my feelings. I can’t believe I…”
“It’s Mary,” John said, heavily. “I think part of the reason she wants to go is to have us spend some time together, away from… distractions.”
“Oh,” said John, feeling his mouth suddenly gone thick. He swallowed. “Great.” He looked tentatively back at Sherlock, who was now avoiding
“That’s right,” I said, getting into position. “You’ll take it however you can get it.”
“A.G.R.A. The initials on the exterior. Or what we
Anna swallowed her mouthful of apple. “Yes, that’s right,” she answered. Unfortunately, she hadn’t been able to think of a believable lie to cover the truth. Mycroft would not be happy.
“It started after you jumped,” he continued. “The last place you were alive, it was more comforting than visiting your grave. And private, for the most part. The occasional hospital worker would come up to have a smoke. But other than that, it was a good place to be alone and think.”
too dangerous for
While Sherlock showered John cleaned the dishes from supper and then sat in his chair and stared at the fire. He saw it needed another log so he put one in and then sat down again and rocked back and forth in the chair absentmindedly. It was the kind of chair that rocked and reclined fully and John had spent many nights asleep in it during the winter because it was next to the fire. It was where Sherlock would have to sleep tonight unless John gave him his bed. There was no sofa and John’s bed was very narrow so they wouldn’t be able to share. Not that he would want to anyway. They’d had to share a bed once while away on a case, and Sherlock had stolen all of the covers. He’d wrapped himself up in them tightly so that when John woke up freezing cold he had to grasp them with both hands and slowly pull so that Sherlock would unroll without waking. In those days it was rare for Sherlock to sleep at all and John was always trying to coax him into it, so he hadn’t wanted to wake him. If it hadn’t been so unbearably cold in the room he might have just given up on it altogether.
By the time Sherlock had finished dressing himself, John and Mary were gone.
Sherlock jumped a little as a voice spoke to him from behind. He turned around and observed a young woman with long, dark hair and dark, clever eyes. She smiled, tentatively. “Sherlock.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Suddenly, they heard shouting from down the beach, coming from the children. Lestrade groaned. “Bloody hell, not again… I guess we’d better go see what they’re up to.”
“Now,
about me. And we didn’t have time for you to work through those feelings, because every moment that passed was another moment that Moriarty had his claws in Anna. So I decided to sort of…” he licked his lips, thinking that however he put it, it wasn’t going to sound good, “…play along.”
Now Mycroft really looked bored. “Oh, I thought we were talking about sex. Pity.”
“I caught her with… a boy,” he said, his voice strained. “And then we had a row.”
Sherlock awoke in the morning with John’s smelly overnight breath in his face. He slowly shifted away from it and out of bed, careful not to disturb the other man’s slumber. He needed to think, to plan, and couldn’t do it with John there next to him, interrupting his thoughts with sour exhales.
Mary growled and twisted her arm to turn the gun on John, instead. She glared into Sherlock’s eyes. “Do you have the key, or not?”
“Tell me, or I’ll fucking shoot!”
John should have been surprised but he wasn’t. He supposed he had some intuition about it, that the only reason Sherlock would have come here four years after keeping his promise would be for something like this. He watched Sherlock’s eyes search him for a reaction. When he didn’t get one, Sherlock elaborated further. “Your daughter.”
his fists still full of my (now terribly wrinkled) button-up. We blinked at each other for an indeterminate amount of time, in which I’m sure John was losing (even more, precious) brain cells to the tiny explosions between his synapses, and in which I was trying to understand why the wet, slimy lips and stale coffee breath and rough two-day stubbly chin were not repelling me. In fact, I even… I even wanted to have another
she wants. She’s five years old, it’s about time she learned the meaning of the word ‘no.’”
“Well,” John started, after they were gone. “That was—“
John blinked up at him, and his eyes grew very round.
“Anything.”
John gaped at him. “So you’ve been manipulating me into missing you… by being a prat?”
Damn it, why didn’t he ever lock the door? Sherlock splashed out of the bath and grabbed his dressing gown, folding it around himself and glancing in the mirror.
Within a minute of hello, John was way in over his head. “Are you shopping?” John asked, clearly and hopefully meaning to ask why in the hell he’d been called away from work, making money they actually did need, in order to spend money at Selfridges’ looking at dresses.
Mr. Macon spoke, “I’ve no desire to hurt you, ma’am. By all accounts, you love Hector—”
His mouth was very dry. He had a strong urge to go and tie one on, and resisted it. He felt as though he had fallen back in time, and found some aspect of himself that he had left here. It was strange to feel as though he was meeting himself once again, behind the trepidation and regret. Somewhere, there was a John Hamish Watson who had come to life here on this farm, and there was some part of his soul that had never left it.
“I’ll go and grab the rest.” John padded from the room while Sherlock turned to MacPherson and began to hang her closet in the wardrobe with the dog’s observational assistance.
The comments soon outpaced most of his other posts, and it was clear that the shop assistant had been largely correct. People loved MacPherson. Not, however, as much as the woman who had suffered her own personal brand of hell because she wanted him to have the experiences that came along with life. It was clear that Sherlock had sent a message today.
, John. I am not in he habit of naming horses sentimentally."
“Of course, Nan.” John promised her, lifting her luggage into the boot, “Don’t worry about a thing here.”
John watched emotions, sensations, dance across Sherlock’s expressive face. He wondered how he could have ever thought her dispassionate or closed off from the world. Her body was as warm and magical as her soul, and fought with his control to have this moment with her as she was, in her brilliance and wonder. She was electricity personified, even when she breathlessly scolded him for thinking too much. He had no way of telling her that the only thing he was thinking about was the way she wasn’t cataloging her physical and physiological responses to his touch, the way she had thrown herself fully into feeling and being entirely in this moment with him. He had no way of finding the words to describe to the textures of her skin against him.
“It’s done, do as Dr. Watson says.” Mycroft ordered, “Don’t waste my time.”
“Love their parents, so they show them what they feel is acceptable to them, not knowing that their parents, in an attempt to raise self-sufficient children, raised people who haven’t the faintest clue that reaching out for support is healthy?” John finished, “I got that.”
He closed the door behind him, deciding that he had not been scared or aroused by a little bit of cleavage revealed between a demure blouse. He was a bloody doctor, he saw more out in public. And so what if it had been Sherlock in stockinged feet and her blouse rumpled with deduction in her eyes? So what. So what. So. What.
Mycroft, despite Sherlock’s continual assertions, was not a stupid man. He knew his team wouldn’t make it across the threshold. He knew the dog was going exactly nowhere. “I merely wished to present the idea for your consideration.”
“Mrs. McGowan and I follow it with interest.” Hugh encompassed Sherlock in his gaze with a single glance, “I don’t suppose you ride?”
John speared some cubed chicken, and dragged it across his plate, soaking up a bit more soya sauce. “It’s pretty risky to use your own name as an alias, Sherlock.”
A low chuckle emanated from the man who was now prone on his back. “You don’t curse so much in my head.”
“If you say so.” John abandoned his tea, late for work already, and shrugged on his coat, “Please try not to burn down the flat.”
Sherlock huffed and looked away.
(See the end of the chapter for
John  stuck her phone out, “Here.” He had forgotten that he had taken it in the face of seeing good-natured Mike hold his own against the gale force winds of Sherlock Holmes and emerge unruffled, “And call your father. He’s worried about you.”
“We’re on our way for waffles, Mrs. Hudson.” Sarah refused, “But thank you. Maybe next time.”
When John took notice of the fact that blunt fingertips were digging into deltoid muscles and he yanking Sherlock’s lethally tight skinny jeans down even further as though she wasn’t still quavering with aftershocks, his higher functioning kicked on and he exhaled raggedly. This chair, while featured heavily in a great many of his more lurid fantasies, was hardly the ideal location for anything right now. “Sherlock?”
As Sherlock left the room, Greg called out, “I need the file, Sherlock!”
He was so fucking tired that his mind was jumping around, filling in the gaps between information he picked up about the people around him, from the lawyer on holiday who’d done cocaine last night, to the French waitress three months gone with pregnancy, though she was unaware, to the American tourists blathering on in loud and overbearing tones about ketchup on french fries. John wanted to go over there and tell them that normal people put mayonnaise or vinegar on chips, but he supposed his mild irritation with American exceptionalism ran slightly deeper than what people shoved all over their fried potatoes.
She simply nodded, and strode off. As John predicted, she returned with someone who could only be the charge nurse. She had that look of competency and control about her. “Carol,” Jessica began, obviously rehashing their discussion to make it seem like they hadn’t discussed him privately, “Captain Watson doesn’t remember his wife.”
But, medication doing its work, MacPherson had fallen asleep. Somehow, John suspected being stuck on the sofa with a dog the size of a small pony would be his lot in life. There were, he decided as he reached for the paper, entirely worse things to establish as tradition.
“Oh yes, thank you for reminding me that he’s probably in abject terror, John!” Shelock then began to rattle on about kidnapping statistics.
John couldn’t help the challenge in his response, “He’s the world’s only consulting canine. He was last seen 82.7 minutes ago. There are sedan tyre marks in the drive. Whoever took him used falsified NSY identification and had fabricated text messages—”
Fury raced through John. He wanted to punch that perfect mouth. He wasn’t a fucking tin solider. He had bled, and left parts of him in the desert so that this posh bloke could stand here and declare himself superior to some other man with a freaky sounding name. He had buried far better men than Sherlock would ever know.
Mike faltered, until a hesitant bit of a pleasant smile crossed his face, “Yes, well. That was a terrible bit of business, wasn’t it? All’s well, I suppose.”
John reached out to the poor gibbon who was stuffed in a dog crate sitting on some boxes, “We’re going to get you out of here, and home.”
Something about the rapidity of that intervention had convinced John to try and let his fate play out.
“Oh, how I do put the cart before the horse.” The man chuckled, “I am sorry.”
“Sherlock…”  His tone alerted her to danger, and Sherlock’s mind filled with thoughts of Grand-mère. She was not very far from Cannes, after all, and Grand-mère was presently at her villa, which although not in Cannes itself was close enough that going there was the most direct route to her side. Sherlock had just visited her last week and assisted Grand-mère in writing down some of her latest compositions for the piano.
“Fucking shite cameras.” A voice grumbled, yards away, causing them to sill.
John almost asked Mrs. Hudson to elaborate, but he knew that was a bit not good. Thankfully, he didn’t have to ask, for Mrs. Hudson was always one for a chat.
“If you’re here to volunteer, go talk to Frank.” She was busy mixing up something in an industrial sized pot over a huge stove, “If you’re press, go talk to the patrons. Just stop talking to me, I’ve got two seconds to myself and we’re out of porridge.”
As Sherlock was rushed away, Lestrade called out, “Forgive him, he’s on Atkins.”
John didn’t know why, but he felt rather uneasy. He had long, long ago learned to heed that feeling. It didn’t rule him, but he had been too close to death to many times to ignore any awareness he had of the world around him.
John nodded, and they headed back to Janet’s office to discuss the particulars.
John’s eyebrows met his hairline, “Gina’s mum manages it.”
“No, you want to talk.” Sherlock corrected, all wild hair and naked flesh, “So talk, then.”
“Sometimes I forget…” Greg looked away. Sometimes Greg forget that John was a doctor, a solider, an officer, a man, and a person with talents he preferred to hide. “You’re sure you’re not the consulting detective in this family?”
Before he did, he made a quick call on a burner phone he’d had for ages. “L, this is the Doc.”
However, MacPherson presented a new challenge. Along with Sherlock’s cases, because God forbid she travel light unless pressed to do so, and his own single duffle, they now had to consider a very large canine and his own things. Sherlock had declared his toys, food, bed, leads, collars, and all manner of items his basic essentials. She wasn’t wrong. It was simply a lot to lug.
“I was not Jolly Hockey Sticks, if that is what you mean to ask.” Sherlock admitted, “I have always been a cerebral person, John. It is my nature. As I aged, however, I found that sports were a good way to focus my mind.” She swallowed, “It was preferable to other methods and was required by the institutions my parents selected for me to attend.”
Sherlock had already tuned him out. She was muttering under her breath in some mixture of angry French and Italian. John hoped whatever she did in revenge was something he could observe, because he did rather enjoy her vengeful moods.
“John…” Greg’s voice held something like empathy. John absolved him of his concern, because these memories weren’t as painful as they had once been. He had long ago accepted his wounding and discharge as part of his fate. It couldn’t be changed.
“Mummy,” Father came into the room, clearly having been playing the host, overjoyed at having some of his children home once again, “I’ve just got off the phone with Martha.” Looking at John, he added, “She’s pleased to know you’ve arrived safely. I’ve invited her up, but she’s of a mind to have a holiday at home.”
The doorman greeted, “Welcome to the The Diogenes Club. Would you care to refrigerate your foodstuffs for the duration of your visit?”
John realized that he had been blaming her, but really, none of this was any more her fault than it was his. It was simply a bad situation, and blaming each other didn’t really help. “I know.”
John found himself scrolling estate agent listings as Sherlock grilled poor Dr. Hooper. He rejected one flat as being too large, one as being too small. One had entirely too much kitchen, one had not enough. He closed the tab of his browser in disgust. With what was in his bank account, if the text that said ‘for supplies’ was to be believed, they weren’t really limited in terms of location. He knew better than to count on Sherlock to care about paying her half. She thought her tea magically appeared by her hand. Thereby, it was clear that practical concerns were his alone.
“I,” Sherlock spoke for herself as well she should, “am designing an observational study, relating to the flocks’ quality of life, productivity, and activity.”
“Kidnappers who say please?” John asked, pulling open the door. “How can I refuse?”
John glanced behind him and saw Sherlock sliding on a sweater. Modesty around Sarah confused him, but who was he to remark on something like that? “Sarah, what a surprise!”
“As you wish,” The man replied, his accenting thickening, “But not without a souvenir.”
Over their tramp through the words and through the brambles where the pheasants would hide, Greg had read a great deal into John’s tiredness, his reliance on coffee instead of sleep, and his unfashionably early departure from the party on the arm of the world’s foremost expert on the science of deduction. “Of course he does, just not for fun.”
He’d gotten a matching one before, but there was no lulling him into complacency. John, therefore, opened the thing only after assuring himself it had been scanned and sniffed a few times by the bomb dogs. He’d lived through enough to know one could never be too careful.
John was not surprised to find Sherlock in the barn, though the beat up wellies on her feet were something of an incongruence as compared to the £700 jumper she wore. John found her grooming a chestnut gelding. He stopped by the stall door, knowing there was a barn worker not thirty feet ahead of him, likely middle-aged and male. “You deserted me.”
“Want to see some more?” Her eyes glittered, the promise of danger and sin bright in their depths.
John followed along. It was clear that the man was missing a few things. Clearly, the victim had had a disease that had caused this bruising pattern to intensify. Maybe she was on blood thinners. John couldn’t say anything but his brain was screaming Coumadin, Coumadin, Coumadin. He considered coughing out an answer, but chose not to do so.
“You must stop the psychoanalysis.” Of this Sherlock was entirely certain, “John is easily twice your measure in raw intelligence, and he is five steps ahead of you at all times. Psychoanalysis is a game of strategy for John, and while it helps him to feel like a warrior once more, it does you no therapeutic good to look like his enemy and an idiot besides. Though really, I suppose you cannot help it.”
John forced himself not to roll his eyes, “When are you going to tell me something I don’t know, Victor?”
Sherlock began speaking, “If we could set aside familial posturing, of which I have no experience...”
“What else is there?” John asked, just to rile him up.
That decided, he set to work.
Below the headline, an article began to prattle on about their domestic life.
They continued on their way through New Scotland Yard. John said nothing in the lifts, though he did reach for Sherlock’s hand. She accepted the gesture, twined their fingers together, and moved even more closely into his space as the car glided downward. John fought the mad urge to stop the car mid-descent and wrap his arms around her, stare into her violet-tinged eyes, and forget the whole world.
The majority of the doors to storage units had been removed. They fanned out to search them. It was Sherlock who made a small noise from where she was searching near a pile of crates. She crouched down, and by the time John and Mycroft had made it to her side, she was bagging a tuft of hair. It looked as though it had been ripped out by the roots. There was a roll of duct tape in the detritus. Sherlock bagged that, too.
“I am not prepared to discuss my patients with practitioners who are not involved in their care, without their express consent.” Dr. Norwood studied Sherlock, “What is your role in this unit Ms…”
John ended the recording, swiping his iPhone to upload the conversation to secure servers. Following that, he sent a single text to Sherlock, who by now was no doubt listening to what had happened. Ah, the wonders of technology.
“Actually...” Sarah asked, after the nurse hastened back to her post, “Could you start now? We’re a bit packed. We will get your paperwork processed.”
I groaned. “You wouldn’t.”
given over to sentiment. Let the punishment fit the crime, Mycroft; a simple shot to the head was quite adequate for a serial blackmailer. Although,” he added at a murmur, “I did rather have the urge to hold Magnussen down and flick
“I texted you.” Sherlock pulled out his mobile to review the messages. “Every hour.”
“Shut up,” I said again. I could feel my breath hitching. “I’m the one that needs you.”
Anna felt a prickle of annoyance—Mycroft could be so cryptic. “Okay… what’s that?”
“Liar,” Anna said, quietly. Tears started to fall from eyes.
“And do you always do what John wants?”
It opened wide and there was Mrs. Hudson, about to take out the trash.
of the articles, it wasn’t always a
Sherlock purposely kept his voice low, to avoid being heard by Molly—who he sensed was still standing directly outside the door. He didn’t care for her to know that he did this thing, every once in a while, when things got really hard… even though he didn’t believe in heaven, or souls, or ghosts, or anything like that… it was just a comfort, that’s all.
I stared at him blankly. I had absolutely nothing. We’d been here for five minutes, and all I’d managed to do was state the obvious. On a normal day, I would have had at least eight theories ready to go.
He was brought down a long, narrow corridor, heading toward a door at the very end. As they got closer to it, he heard voices on the other side. He and the guard stopped just outside the door and waited. “Are we going to go in, or what?” the prisoner asked.
Afterward John had no clean clothes left for them so they had to remain naked through the night. It would have been a problem if there were not two of them as it was quite cold in the room, but lying together under the blankets proved warm enough. They also found a better position for sleeping which was how they had slept before on the floor, with Sherlock curled around John’s back and his arm draped over John’s side. However, since they both had no clothes on, they’d only slept a few hours before they found themselves awake and having sex again. Sherlock had his cock rubbing in the cleft of John’s arse and the hand that had draped over John’s side was bringing John off. There was a film of sweat between Sherlock’s front and John’s back and slick spot on John’s neck where Sherlock was breathing hard and open-mouthed and then suddenly another even wetter spot between them as Sherlock stiffened and thrust quickly through another orgasm. “Jesus,” said John, and panted into the dark room. “Oh Jesus, I’m going to come.” He grasped Sherlock’s distracted grip around his cock and stroked until he did.
Sherlock was taken aback. “Mycroft? What the devil does my brother have to do with this?” He stared at her, expectantly.
Mycroft looked at her a moment, with a sort of bored expression that only a Holmes could make. “First of all,” he said, as if it was unbearably tedious for him to explain himself, “you are the child of a highly intelligent criminal and an extremely clever ex-assassin, raised by a man who has the most brilliant problem-solving mind in all of England. That is not ‘just’ a child. Second, you have an advantage in that, because you are
John’s mouth had fallen open a bit, looking at them, while the young lady gave Sherlock directions and her friend kept giggling like a schoolgirl. When she was finished, Sherlock eyed John behind her.
John felt a flare of anger. The
“I told you not to,” he said, finally. An obvious fact and irrelevant and really John had not expected Sherlock to listen when he’d ordered it. But then again he had left John alone for four years and that was something John had really not expected either. He didn’t try to wonder what would have happened if Sherlock had come sooner.
, thought John with a sickening lurch of his stomach. He glanced at it, on the floor next to him.
She replied by swinging the knife across his neck, slitting it wide open. His eyes bugged out and choking sounds came from his throat. The guard dropped him and he thrashed on the ground, dying. “Slower, for you,” said Anna, standing over him and wiping the knife on her hip. “For your cheek.”
“Oh yeah?” John challenged. “From Googling the five stages of grief, or whatever the hell it is you’ve been doing? Give me a fucking break. When have you
John chuckled into my skin. “Sure, you would.”
That stopped me. So that was it—he wasn’t upset because I’d made a mess of things, but because he’d expected me to make some sort of deduction about him based on that mess. Something he didn’t want me to deduce. I searched his face, replaying the events in my mind. What had happened? He’d asked me if I loved anyone. I’d made up some story loosely based on our relationship. He’d thought I was talking about him. He’d kissed me.
“Then I suppose I’ll find a way to do so,” she said, defeated. “But he’d better not fuck things up.”
“Mary—“ John said her name as he and Sherlock fumbled to pull up their trousers. “Mary, listen to me—“
John paused, then wrapped his free hand round the small of my back, splaying his palm out flat. He pressed forward, so that I got even closer to him, and his other hand tighten its grip. “I love you, Sherlock,” he murmured. My skin under his fist began making obscene noises as he moved faster. “I love you, more than anything. I’ll never stop.”
“If you prefer, we could settle this another way: we’ll each take a turn holding her and see who
“You’re upset,” John said, stupidly.
. You seem to forget that she lied to us about who she was, for months. It wasn’t until after I married her that we found out the truth.” Suddenly, John’s anger turned inward. “Shite.”
John saw the faint orange flicker of the fire catching onto the kindling. He blinked at it. “You can finish the tea,” he said. Then he turned back to the counter and opened the can of soup and spooned it into the sauce pot, then put on the lid and took it over to the stove. While it heated he would use the electric burner to make the eggs. He took out a jar of butter from the refrigerator and put some into the frying pan, then took an onion from the basket next to the sink and made a mental note to take a trip to the cellar the next day to replenish his stock. He would also need to get some meat from the freezer to thaw. Now that the snows were here there would be no going in and out to the junction shop and he would have to eat the food that he’d saved all summer and fall. He’d had a good canning crop this year, it was a hot summer and the vegetables were plentiful. Canning was tedious work but in a way he loved it and loved the winter months most because in those he was completely self-sufficient.
Sherlock looked out at the ocean and took a deep breath, letting the wind whip over his face and through his hair. “I’m glad you did it,” he said, finally. “I’m grateful, of course I am. Doesn’t mean I’m not angry, still. But you should know that.” He looked back at Lestrade, then held out his hand.
, I thought at him.
Molly nodded, her hands in fists at her sides. “Yes,” she squeaked. “Oh yes, please.” She lifted her hips as Sherlock slid her undergarments off, already soaked through with desire. He felt his prick twitch with anticipation, and bent his head down low to give her clit a wide, flat lick.
Anna’s heart stopped.
“Oh Sherlock, this violence is completely unnecessary. She’s out getting Moriarty’s attention. We decided that she should commit a clever crime, and—“
Sherlock raised his eyebrows in a
Of course Mrs. Hudson had been a vital help to him, because he hadn’t known the first thing about babies. He remembered how he’d had to learn to change Anna’s nappies, when and what foods to give her, what size of toy she could play with, how everything at her height level needed to be cleaned and kept clean, how he had to get locks for his windows and gates for the stairs and worst of all he had to throw out all of his experiments—at least for the time being. He remembered how he’d had an absolute fit the first time Anna spit up on his coat, his lovely (expensive) wool coat. “Look at this!” Sherlock had shouted to Mrs. Hudson, shaking it in her face. “It’s a
“We need to call Mycroft.”
And then there was the fact that the Carruthers were new to the area, just moved in a month ago—new people were always a red flag when suspicious activities started popping up in previously quiet neighborhoods. A quick check into their address history showed that they had moved eight times in the past three years, and all over the world. When Mr. Carruthers had been questioned about it (on the second visit), he’d let out a sigh and told Lestrade that his sales job was extremely tedious; they kept transferring him around, his company kept restructuring, et cetera.
“Mary,” John sighed again, his expression softening under his guilt, “Mary, of course you and Anna are the first things on mind. Of course you are. I just… I’m just worried. That’s all. I’m really,
“—name-calling,” Sherlock finished. Anna stuck her tongue out at him, and he gave her a disapproving look.
Suddenly, Molly’s eyes jumped up to Sherlock’s. All of the color drained out of her face.
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut and got down from the wall, grabbing his own head in frustration. “Of course I’ve thought of that!” he snarled. “Do you presume me stupid?! Do you, Molly?!”
, John thought later that night, as he carried his sleeping daughter to bed.
Sherlock winced as he got up from the sofa. He slowly shuffled to the door, grabbed the handle, turned it, and stepped through easily. Mary blinked and pushed past him, reaching over to grasp the folds of the shower curtain and throw it back.
Ella studied his face. “And now that you’ve got him back, you don’t want to let him go.”
that the Carruthers had something to do with Violet’s disappearance. You knew that, right off. Now, maybe it was reckless of you to go over there alone,” he scolded, gently, “but honestly, Sherlock? It’s no more reckless than any other bloody thing you’ve done. You’ve just been abnormally lucky up to this point—you could have been injured or killed a thousand other times, a thousand other ways, with the kind of shite you pull. Hell, I remember you
Inside the envelope were a sliver key and a short, scrawled note. One receptionist fit the key into the box, then turned it, and lifted the lid. There were stones upon stones, jewels upon jewels, all different shapes and sizes, all different colors, gleaming and sparking in the sun that was shining through the nearby window. Their geometry reflected the light onto both of their faces.
“I don’t have to think.”
Sherlock paused, taken aback. “What?”
“You weren’t proving to me that you were over me—you were proving it to
Carruthers knelt down slowly, his eyes fixed on the barrel of the pistol.
Anna did as she was told and climbed into the other boat. She knelt down slowly to look at Sherlock as John started the engine again. “Keep pressure on that wound,” John commanded, and Anna laid one hand on top of the other and pushed into Sherlock’s shoulder. He grimaced, and she let up.
, he recalled.
John’s eyes gazed upward, as if he’d see what he was supposed to say next floating around in his brain. He looked back at me. His expression still hadn’t changed. “Nope. Still lost. You’re going to have to explain it to me, Sherlock.”
“I think you should come to therapy with me.”
Whatever the reason, Molly noticed that there was something wrong with Mycroft’s reactions to the recent turn of events. After Sherlock had retreated to his bedroom and slammed the door, Mycroft had rolled his eyes without an air of concern. “Always so dramatic,” he’d said. “Honestly, he should have been a thespian instead of a detective.” Then he’d looked at Molly and smiled smugly. “Do let me know if he does anything…
She paused, wondering if she should tell the truth or a lie. “Mycroft,” she said, deciding.
those—“
John squirmed and moaned under my hand. I squeezed his arse, digging my fingernails in. Then I hooked the fingers of both hands into the waistband of his pants and practically ripped them off. John lifted his hips and went to his knees, his forehead resting on the bed between his arms. “Yes, Sherlock, yes—“ I got behind him and spread open his cheeks. I spit onto my hand and shoved two fingers in, right from the start. He made a noise of pain.
My voice was breaking. “John.”
“Sherlock,” said John, and bent his head to catch my eye. His hair was longer than usual, and a lock fell across his forehead and caught the light.
“Would you,” John accused, not as a question.
, now!”
And again.
Anna found the keycard in no time, but how was she going to get the guard’s thumb to the scanner? She picked up his arm and tried to pull him over to the door, but he wouldn’t budge. He was a big man, and dead, and she was small. She cursed him.
She’d taken one look at him and started wailing.
The class gave him a collective blank stare.
Reminder-- I started this story before series 4 aired. Annalise is the name that I've always used for John and Mary's daughter, and I've decided to keep using it. I've written her in so many other stories it would feel strange (for me) to switch to a different name at this point.
She looked up. “What?”
tea brewing, it doesn’t—“
wouldn’t have taken me back.”
“Take care of it?”
Mary’s face began to tremble. “I wish I could have given it up for them,” she said, again. She was quiet for a moment more, her eyes swimming. “Tell them I love them?”
After Mary had left, Sherlock had continued to stand helplessly in the middle of the bathroom, staring out the empty door. In his periphery, John saw Sherlock’s eyes fall to the pile of clothes next to the tub, then move up to John. John, for his part, had ignored the gaze, instead standing with his head in the shower spray, staring far, far off into the space beyond.
Sherlock’s eyebrows nearly squished his eyes shut, they were drawn so far down in confusion. “How can you—“
When she awoke, several hours later, she took off her headphones and padded downstairs to the sitting room. Sherlock was in his chair, staring at the fire, a sort of glazed, gaunt look on his face. Anna stopped at the bottom of the steps and watched him for a while, and eventually he sighed and straightened up. “Come over here,” he said.
in there,” she pointed down the hall, “like you would not believe. It’s absolutely disgusting, and I’ll not have it in my building!”
And then he flew out the door, while Molly turned and collapsed onto the sofa, sobbing with terrible, guilt-ridden grief.
“Please do,” replied Sherlock immediately, handing her poor Mr. Thompson’s gall bladder.
“Well,” said John, a little deviously. “I’d like to kiss you again, for starters.”
“But…” Molly’s voice trailed off. “John and Mary…. Who else’s could you
“Oh,” he breathed, and closed his eyes.
“What about your son?” Sherlock continued, watching him carefully. “Did the two of them seem to have a connection?”
“Well,” she said, her gaze going back and forth between them. “I’m going to go.” She spun around and headed to Sherlock’s bedroom.
But the visit with Sherlock’s parents continued to haunt him, and, despite Mary’s wishes, he knew he had to say something. For a few weeks he tried to find a good time to do it, but, for one reason or another, he kept making excuses not to:
John was correcting him. “You couldn’t ever believe she killed her own daughter. Your brain couldn’t comprehend it.” The blanket was rolled, and now he turned it around and unrolled it. “You went looking because you couldn’t believe it was true, even though you were there and you saw it.” Even though the evidence had been there, in front of their eyes and in their ears and then in John's arms afterward. “So you went on a wild goose chase for four years until you finally found some girl with an unknown past who’s about the right age and you have to believe it’s her.” John’s voice was still so calm and he thought he should have been angry but he didn’t feel angry at all. He didn’t really feel anything.
“And then, to cover her blunder, she took him to bed!” I said excitedly, elated with having just made the first crack in the case.
John looked down the road, filling up with a new layer of white. His ears cleared until the only sound he heard was the wind in the trees. He gazed up at the treetops bowing down to the gale, then back toward the cabin. He thought of the electric burner, the wood stove, the cellar. He thought of the narrow bed and the cold blankets. He thought of the pond. He thought about going back, cooking the meat for dinner, settling in for the long winter.
“No,” croaked Sherlock.
angry at myself.”
Anna looked embarrassed and confused. “Oh. I’m sorry, I…”
“I don’t love you,” I repeated, more firmly.
“Hey,” Sherlock greeted, trying to sound casual but understanding. He tried for a small smile, hoping that he didn’t look too happy.
“What are you doing up here?”
John swallowed, staring up into Sherlock’s face, which was flushed in anger. It was frightening and satisfying at the same time. He could have ended the row there, could have apologized and everything would have gone back to normal. But he didn’t want to. Something about his mood, whether it was his hangover or his grief or the fact that he hardly ever got to see this emotional side of Sherlock, was making him feel combative. So he pushed further.
“Why don’t you just call Lestrade, like you said in your message? The police are much better equipped—“
“John.”
John heard Sherlock sigh. “Since you kissed me.”
!” Sherlock exploded, suddenly unable to control his anger. “For God’s sake, don’t you know me by now?
“Yes,” Sherlock answered.
“John, John, John,” Sherlock chanted into his pillow, and suddenly he was there, his balls tightened and he held himself rigid, save for his hand working the head of his cock. He came, hard, trying to muffle his moan of release, his eyes rolling back as his semen shot out in hot bursts on his stomach, sheets, pillow.
“Well? He’s alright, then?”
Weston drained his glass and grinned darkly at John, “I wasn’t the duffer who put him in the national spotlight.” He poured another drink, “The headlines, though, can’t you see them? Oh, they’re glorious.”
John laughed as they exited the room.
“I will remind you that you have said as much.” Violet replied, her gaze never wavering. “I do hope it brings you comfort then, as it seems to do so now.”
John startled, “Why did you pause it?” John thought fast, knowing the look on Sarah’s face called for some fancy footwork. “It was just starting to pick up.”
John missed the days when he wasn’t so fucking paranoid. Except, he thought, it wasn’t paranoia if you were correct. Besides, he hadn’t been a twenty year old kid in almost two decades. Even then he’d not been very trusting.
John looked to the man, and realized that he remembered him from about six years ago, perhaps a little less. They’d been roommates at Sandhurst for a little while. “James! How are you?”
“What do you mean?” John spied the drainage pipe, and a small crowd gathered round the grate that blocked the entrance to the pipe.
“MacPherson, no.” Sherlock’s attention was pulled over to the dog, who was laying down, yes, but had put his head on nan’s slippers, and was therefore mouthing the wooly fronts.
Mycroft’s inhalation was telling.
“There are ghosts here, John.” Greg replied, “She’s facing them for you. Don’t let her face them alone, even if you can’t see them.”
The sweat that poured off of him helped ground him to reality. He was not a child. He was not subject to the past here. He was not here to connect with the past, but to build the future. He held, as though with worn and bleeding fingertips, to that truth.
“I know what I mean to say!” Sherlock screeched, “Look at her roots showing through, she skipped her last salon appointment, as though vegans can’t have good hair! You can see she’s totally black and white. She’s been told to parrot that line like a good little worker bee, and if you wouldn’t interrupt we’d have MacPherson by now!”
“I never waste my time with irrelevancies.” Sherlock declared, her blue eyes flashing, “John merely deduced you.”
“How did you know I was ready?” John asked, throwing the idea of pretense between them out of the window.
“Nobody says that like you do, Lucy, with such vehemence.” John rocked back on his feet, preparing to grab the phone away. He was such a good soul, who needed to stop being so trusting. He trusted his sister, and she pawned her crappy old mobiles on him. He trusted a blonde criminal, and she fake married him and almost killed his lover. Thank God that wedding was never legal.
John had the strangest feeling that this was an audition of sorts, that he was being watched. He trusted that feeling. The Taliban had followed him once. Those men hadn’t survived their venture, not that John took any joy in doing what he had to do for the safety of his men and his own skin.
John felt her reading his medals like Harry would read the proof on a gin bottle. He replied, “Hello.”
“Fragment 31 was recited in the original Greek.” The other man shared, something like hope and thankfulness on his face, “There was more, but I left. I didn’t want to eavesdrop. Somebody really loves you.”
If they were going to gather, they needed milk. And perhaps some biscuits. He could not face another terroristic threat or kidnapping attempt without something in his stomach.
Mike looked so happy. Lucy knew her work was done. She saw that he’d been having a hard day, if the lack of starch in his trousers is anything to go by.
John nodded slowly. This was not a time to hedge their bets. Mr. Macon would never get the cash, but the sooner they could move this along, the sooner MacPherson was home. John decided that if he wanted to roll in cow pats every day of his life, they’d figure out how to build a farmyard in central London.
Sherlock downed a pint of water standing by the fridge, her slim ankles on display as they emerged from Sweaty Betty leggings and disappeared into trainers. MacPherson had already darted for a few laps from his own water bowl and begun to hop around the sitting room.
He turned to her, “So help me God, Sherlock, you are going to be the one to explain this to Mrs. Hudson.”
John took one look at the drainage pipe, and knew it was going to be a tight fit. He drew a breath, and put his hand on the inside wall, reaching around himself to make sure his gun was secure. He ignored the sign that read:
“Dears!” Mrs. Hudson called out as she came to the corridor, “Would you care for some biscotti? I’m boxing up some for my dear Sherry, but I’d love for you to try some.”
John lived. John lived.
John Hamish Watson was one of the first patients at the new QEHB following Sully Oak’s closure. Wilhelmina Sherlock Sarah Holmes was one of the first new hires in Research and Development for several projects in the Royal Centre for Defense Medicine. She had a research degree in hand, and a desire to be in Birmingham. She could tap dance through an interview with harried committees, and had a job offer before her clearances had come back, though of course those were rushed to the front of the pack.
John’s heart stopped for a second, so brief he almost missed it. He almost missed the moment his entire life changed. He’d prayed so long for his heart to stop, that when it did for a totally unfathomable reason, he couldn’t miss it.
“Would you care to read my notes?” Sherlock asked, and John knew that she was talking about the thick book in the box on the coffee table, “I am amenable. It would likely answer some questions you have with clarity.”
She took MacPherson everywhere she went, from the Chanel salon to foraging around skips. John invariably stood at the edge of the skip holding a lead, but at the very least he got to be useful and stay out of refuse. He knew that dogs were man’s best friend, and indeed, MacPherson proved in that single act alone.
He didn’t get it. His schedule didn’t allow for it. He barely had time to shovel a plate of food into his face at lunch. By six o’clock, John had seen his patients, set a broken bone in an emergency, sewed up a cut, taken blood samples for STD testing, cuddled two babies, and helped two patients make initial contact with social services.
Sherlock studied him for a long, breathless second like he was a microscope slide of malaria or the bubonic plague. Then, and then, before John knew what she was on about, her lips were pressed in an untutored fashion to his own. John’s fate was sealed, and before the thought had crossed his mind, he was kissing her back.
“John, do not hang up thi--”
John shrugged. This was not tit for tat. This was the dynamics of war, a game both he and Mycroft knew well. He knew he was asking Mycroft to see to the deaths of some very powerful people. He would do what he had to do to end their brutality, even if it meant facilitating their ends himself.
His phone rang. He did not answer it. Mycroft could wait.
John escaped from the resultant explosion and dashed down to Mrs. Hudson’s flat for a cuppa. He was not escaping, but between the boxes arriving at the behest of one of the Holmes women and the discarded items going out the back, John had only gotten home and he already needed a break. John, naturally, found his landlady quite willing to put a cup of tea and a plate of food in front of him. She set the plate down with the hopeful query, “Isn’t it nice to see Sherlock taking an interest in her physical surroundings?”
“I know. Mum was so proud, Johnny.” Harry said, her very tone of voice ripping through him like fucking glass. Harriet had never felt pressure to preform or conform. Her intelligence was her blessing and her curse, but empathy was not her suit. John couldn’t help but reach for the bag at his feet in an effort to hide the pain that crested over his face.
“Oh, dearheart, not quite.” Victor began to speak, his voice beneath MacPherson’s warnings, “There’s a personal matter requiring my attention. I require you to deduce James Armitage within an inch of his very life. This is a case, nothing less.  You will take it when I offer it to you, as a gesture of mercy, and you will deduce for hire, as you were once happy to deduce for attention.”
“No, after.” John leaned forward, pressing his face into my neck. “After Mycroft kidnapped me. I came back to the flat. You’d texted me for an emergency.” His lips were moving on my skin, hot and damp. My eyelids fluttered uncontrollably. “You were lying on the sofa, you wanted my phone to send a text. You remember? To the cabbie.”
don’t want to… why the hell are we even having this discussion?”
, John thought, not only because it had been thirteen years instead of two, but because emotions were difficult for Sherlock in general. But he could come back to it. He would. There was nothing that could keep them apart. That was one thing John was sure of, had always been sure of, all those years while he waited in that prison cell to be sent home: that he wouldn’t lose Sherlock Holmes. The love they shared could cross time and space. It had crossed a hell of a lot up to that point already.
John’s jaw got all steely. “It’s not like we’re at a crime scene, or something. Christ, we’re sitting on the couch. At home. Alone. You can’t sodding hold my hand? Am I that repulsive to you?” He was very good at guilting me. He’d got even better at it than usual since we’d started up together.
Mary chuckled from the sink, where she was washing dishes. “Try playing Airplane with her,” she suggested.
John fidgeted where he stood, clearly waiting for Sherlock to reply. “This is the part where you say something, Sherlock,” he muttered, forcing a nervous laugh. “Someone says they love you and you don’t just stare at them.”
The firemen would be in any second. He hadn’t been able to help John kill Carruthers and escape and turn the cameras back on with enough time to exit the building for roll-call, as was their original plan. There was no time for roll-call, now. Lestrade slipped the knife into his pocket and then carefully wiped the gun on his shirt, rubbing off all traces of John’s fingerprints. Then, he hurried back down the hall to the interrogation room.
Mrs. Hudson pursed her lips. “Oh please, it’s not been
,” he whispered.
” she whispered, again.
John looked down at the mess of blankets on the floor. There was still one crumpled over his legs and he took a corner of it and folded it back on itself and smoothed out the crease.
John formed various starts of words with his lips, unable to produce any sound to go with them. Sherlock kept watching him, waiting for an explanation. What had he been trying to show? Had he expected Sherlock not to feel aroused, to prove his love was platonic? Well, if that was the case, it had backfired abominably.
“Shite,” Anna swore, and pulled out her mobile.
! It’s ruined!”
Carruthers stared, and his jaw went slack. “P-pardon me?”
“Because,” said John, “I have to go with Mary to Anna’s doctor appointment.”
“So did I,” said John, bitterly. “But apparently he was faking the whole thing to get me to cooperate with his plan.”
“That’s better,” said Sherlock, smirking devilishly. This was another game they played, the game of dominance. Sherlock was always better at that one. John liked to be dominated, he always had, even in the non-sexual portion of their relationship. He loved following Sherlock’s lead.
John blinked and withdrew his hand. “About what I heard you say?
orientation.”
I let him pull me forward until I was lying on top of him. My hips squirmed on his, and he thrust upward at the contact. I leaned forward and kissed him, and kissed him, with my tongue lapping languidly at his lips. He groaned and rocked against me in a rhythm. I felt his cock getting hard again.
… It was impossible to think that he could ever be so out of control.
“Mr. Holmes,” Carruthers said, smiling a sinister smile. “I do apologize for the blow to the head, but you were quite out of control.”
“Sit the fuck down, John,” commanded Mary, pointing her gun at him. His face fell as he realized that, no, she was
Sherlock didn’t want to hear any more. This was beyond him. That John could love them both was preposterous—Sherlock couldn’t imagine loving
“Oh my God.” Molly looked, wide-eyed, at Sherlock.
“Sherlock!” shouted Molly, frantically. “You’ll kill him!”
“They will,” I muttered. “They’ll have him before we even get back to Baker Street. Just you watch.”
The smell was nostalgic, for John. It smelled like their place on Baker Street, like all the time he’d spent there, sleeping odd hours and arguing about cases and blogging about deductions and grabbing his coat to fly out the door into danger at a moment’s notice. It smelled like wool overcoats and blue scarves and purple shirts and curly hair. It smelled like a genius, annoying-as-fuck sociopath. It smelled like the best years of John’s life. And the thought that Sherlock left it here, on his daughter, in
“Sherlock, what’s wrong?
Sherlock slipped past the Watson family members he’d only seen once before (at the wedding) and exited the room, unnoticed. He acknowledged Major Sholto with a head nod—which was reciprocated—and moved to stand next to him.
“Molly.”
John still looked quite baffled. “I…”
“He is?” Sherlock whispered the words, hopeful.
John smiled, incredibly relieved. “Of course we can.”
, John thought.
John started to cry. “I should have known you would do this to me. In all the years I’ve known you, you’ve never given a
“You held out your hand for it,” John was still talking, remembering with me. “Your eyes weren’t even open. Like you knew I would do it.” He nuzzled the space where my neck and shoulder met. “Like you owned me.” He breathed in, and I realized, he was
said the voice) but she doubted she would be able to do that; all of the guards had guns. And she wouldn’t be able to get to Moriarty, and he was the main objective—bringing him down, that was more important that anything.
John let out a relieved sigh after she and Anna had left and the door was firmly closed behind them. It had been a stressful few days, but not in the way John had envisioned. He’d expected to be annoyed by Sherlock’s presence, by all his usual oddities: the hours spent awake in the middle of the night, talking to himself and pacing around; the way he left his dirty clothes in a pile outside the bathroom door while he showered (and became cross if he came out and no one had picked them up for him); the way he grazed for food in the refrigerator at odd times of the day, eating with the door wide open and his bum sticking out, paying zero attention to labels such as “FOR DINNER” or “MARY’S LEFTOVERS” (“I was going to eat that for lunch tomorrow! John! Control him!”); the random tramps they’d begun to find in their sitting room, lined up as Sherlock gave them each instructions and payment for their espionage services… the list went on and on.
He almost said “
He shivered, then, though he was warm in his blanket by the fire. He suddenly felt ill, closed his laptop and slid it across the floor like it was a poisonous thing.
Mary rolled her eyes. “That’s not true. There are plenty of other times when she’s perfectly content. You’d know that if you were around more often.” She eyed him, and Sherlock felt his mouth go dry. Mycroft’s smirk, meanwhile, grew impossibly wider.
If there was one thing that never failed to worry Mycroft, it was Sherlock’s feelings. But Mycroft seemed uninterested this time—in fact, he had seemed uninterested throughout the whole ordeal. It was as if hurting Sherlock was actually part of his plan. It was bizarre, and not in the usual “Holmes’ unorthodox-response-to-human-feelings” way, either (which she was all too familiar with). No, this was something else. It smelled fishy. And it got her thinking, as she waited in Sherlock’s flat with nothing else to do….
John frowned. “Afraid of what?”
. They broke apart, foreheads still touching, and panted together for a beat. “I…” Sherlock breathed, and John felt a shiver down his back at the sound of the man’s voice. “I want you to fuck me.”
John chuckled. “Of course not, but I
John’s voice cracked. “I’ll burn down the whole bloody house.”
Sherlock was off of his stool and in John’s face before he could blink. “How is it that you never seem to understand,” he seethed, his voice a deep growl that became a snarl, “no matter how many times I tell you or show it, that I care about
He twitched and ran a hand over his own crotch. I firmed my grip on the back of his head, beginning to breathe loudly. I loved watching him touch himself, especially when it was in response to something I said. Like he just couldn’t control it.
that door—“
All eyes shifted back to Sherlock. “That’s because it’s… erm… foreign. We’re solving it for a foreign government, and don’t ask me which one, I’m not at liberty to discuss it,” Sherlock finished dismissively.
The kettle began to whistle, and John let out a strangled sob. “Sherlock, I—“
“Tell me,” Sherlock hissed, whirling around and grabbing both of John’s shoulders. “Tell me what you know.”
, she thought,
Anna dropped her laptop on the couch and stood up, with her feet together and her hands behind her back. She stuck her chin in the air, and narrowed her eyes at him, imagining that she was burning his own with laser-sight.
Mary gave a look of disgust. “Sewer,” she said. “Can’t you
“You can tell me, Sherlock. You can tell me. It’s okay.”
He saw Lestrade. “Greg!” shouted John, trotting forward to meet him.
John did an about-face for the umpteenth time, and stepped forward—
Clearly, Moriarty thought she didn’t know that these people were hired hands. And he didn’t know they
The memory came back. “Yeah, I remember that. You thought that it was because he didn’t want anyone to know it was gone. Not even the government.”
So when we actually made it out of that flooding room alive, and got back to London, and John followed close behind me up the stairs of 221B and shoved me against the door to kiss me again, I didn’t understand why I was repulsed. Why his slimy tongue in my mouth, pushing his four-hour old coffee breath and the taste of his unflossed teeth between my lips, made me want to gag instead of suck it down the way I might have (and did) when I thought we were about to die. Why I was back to my old self, instead of the new one.
Carruthers’ smile grew as the man with the beard grabbed it and pulled it completely off his—well, actually,
“Doesn’t apply to me,” I reminded him. “Sociopath, remember?" (Just because I wasn't one anymore didn't mean I had to tell him.) "
). He’d only continued to stay with her for the sake of the baby, but now that Mary
Moriarty.”
“That this is what people do when someone they love dies.”
Sherlock swallowed, resisting the urge to march over and push them apart. “Well, I’m pleased to hear you had such a good time.”
Anna was only seven years old, but she was highly perceptive. He had no doubt that she would understand what he’d said, and that it would result in her going to the cemetery with him— because what Anna
“…love me?”
Sherlock,” John exhaled, shocked at Sherlock’s bluntness and the truth in the deduction. “Do you even realize how
Shit. That was apparently the wrong thing to say, because instead of looking less concerned, John appeared even more so. “That’s so… that’s sad, Sherlock.”
“Yes,” he choked, with desperation, even though it was reversed, and that was actually me, who would take anything from him. Me, who needed it, needed it.
“Now, now, John will pull through,” reassured Mrs. Hudson, pouring him a cup of tea. “He’s done before. And this one’s not nearly as bad.”
My stomach leapt all the way into my eyeballs, remembering it. I could do it again. Couldn’t I?
“From whom?” Sherlock inquired, turning them over to study them further. “They are clearly expensive, made for a serious music lover or someone who is wealthy, or both. They’re fairly new, judging by the fact that the logo has not worn off the end yet. Who would let you borrow such an item?”
motivator.”
really heard, and understood, he just had to process the information. Sherlock stood silently, waiting for him to do so.
a natural killing machine, but mentally, she was no match for Jim Moriarty. And that wasn’t even because she was so young (which didn’t help her, anyway) and trusting. She just wasn’t smart enough. That’s not to say she wasn’t intelligent, even above-averagely intelligent, but Molly had been around geniuses far too long to mistake them for normal people, or the other way round. She’d seen Anna grow up from a little girl, and she was in no way on par with Mycroft’s or Sherlock’s mental prowess. Or Moriarty’s. In fact, she most reminded Molly of… John. Strange, that the one person Anna was not actually related to and had not grown up knowing was the one she was most like.
daughter, it was
Anna thought suddenly. Had he also paid them to act like her friends? Had he paid David to… to… flirt with her? To build up her confidence, perhaps? She stared at him, trying to decide, and unable to do so. She didn’t know how to decipher what was real, and what was a lie.
“Spit it out, woman!” Sherlock snapped.
Sherlock started. “No,” he told her, hesitantly.
And all her fault.
), slightly larger than average, resting in a dark, curly tuft of hair. It was so different from John’s bottom half, which was riddled with random patches of dark blond hair, everything about him wide and stocky, from his bum to his legs to his cock, which was just barely average in length but quite generous in girth. He would not call his own body “beautiful,” not in the least. But Sherlock’s was.
kissed me, and now you need to see a therapist.”
They got to the cemetery early in the morning because they’d seen the weather report, that snow was supposed to roll in, and they wanted to visit before that happened. Their cab pulled up to the entrance in the dark, and they got out and walked through the winding rows to John’s gravestone.
Sherlock wasn’t so sure why he’d gone off like that. As far as deductions went, it hadn’t been very difficult; he knew John well and, despite what other people thought, he knew quite a lot about the psychology of human nature. So, deducing that John was angry at the universe, and maybe himself—he could have done that in his sleep.
John stood for a moment in front of the fire and watched as well. The flames were licking up the sides of the wood through the clouded glass door of the stove. He watched it for longer than he thought he would.
John helped Sherlock upstairs and onto the couch, where he gingerly sat and closed his eyes, taking heavy breaths against the pain. When he opened them again, John was in the kitchen making tea. Sherlock sat and watched him, thinking how nice it was to have him here, what a rarity it had been the past year, how he didn’t think he could bear it if John ever left again.
Before he could reply, the door swung open anew. It was Lestrade. He took in the scene before him, and though he could not see the electricity in John’s blood nor the fire in Sherlock’s eyes, he did apologize, adding, “I never would have let him go on thinking that was sensible, just so you know.” His assessing eyes darted between Sherlock and John, “Dinner?”
The far corner of the storage units were blocked off for further expansion. John knew, in an instant, that if MacPherson was hidden anywhere here, it would be behind the false security of construction barriers and danger signs. John took point as Greg headed around to the back exits.
Sherlock strode purposefully after MacPherson, and disappeared from view just as John smiled at her brother.
Buttoning her coat, she promptly went and released MacPherson from the back seat. He jumped out with a fluid leap, scrabbling up to lick  and paw and woof happily at Sherlock. She simply corrected him, “It is erroneous to greet me, MacPherson, as I have not been out of your presence for a socially arbitrary period of time that would require you to bid me hello or risk social scorn.”
“No, I have somebody.” John was going to let it be there, but he knew better than that with Mike. The man could pull a story from a rock, “We’ll get on well. I think.”
He stilled when he heard a voice in the shadows. He paused, ready to defend himself, “I’d apologize for Mummy, but I make it a point never to acknowledge her foolishness.”
Sherlock stood, “Well, then.” She tugged down her cotton sleeve, “Mycroft, work it out. Do whatever it is you do, and have my flat debugged. Those are my conditions for now.”
“DI Lestrade was here, said he was meeting you lot for dinner and wanted MacPherson to meet you.” Carter replied to Sherlock’s tone with a lazy tone as he thumbed his phone’s screen, “He showed me the texts and—”
It was only after the whispered invective left her mouth that she she was standing in the aisle, right next to Dr. 1980s floral dress. Lucy gave her a bright smile, as she
“Doc, Timothy was last week.” Laura declared, wiping the gel off of her stomach as John continued on with her examination. She was coping with gestational diabetes, and so her pregnancy needed to be closely monitored. “I’m still trying out names for him. I’m thinking Marcus this week. What do you say?”
Fuck. This was a bit not good.
He knew they were speaking in a code for which he did not have the cipher. Flying blind in yet another God damned mission, like within Africa, in the Balkans, in Ireland, and other continents, regions, and countries he’d been in and out so fast that the name hadn’t quite stuck.
No. Sherlock would not lie to herself any more than she would lie to John. It had taken her an instant to perceive it and months to accept it, largely because it came with unacceptable risks to his person.
John tried not to blame himself. It was fucking futile. Maybe if he’d been home, he would have seen the warning signs, but maybe if Harry hadn’t been making friends with the bottle as was her usual modus operandi, Mum wouldn’t have ignored her recurrence for too long.  Mum had always ignored her own needs, and Harry had never paid that tendency any mind, not when it meant there was more of Mum to take.
Sherlock looked around, and cursed her stupid Nanny. Nanny had never told her what the sensible thing to do was in moments wherein she was seconds from meeting the man with whom she had every intention of incorporating into her future plans. Nanny had always said that he would speak to her, not the other way around, but then again, Nanny was forever believing fairy stories.
“Shut up.” John barked, totally done with give this lunatic the floor, “You’re angry with Sherlock because she is a better scientist than you. She didn't waste her intellect. She has so much of it that you were enraged she could focus on anything but the lab. You were incensed because even while she had a high output, still she had a life outside the lab, when you were barely scraping by, socially and academically. You could never get a girl to go out with you and you still can’t." John didn't get a rush from sharing what he knew, preferring  to keep it close to the vest and use it, but sometimes a bit of showing off reminded criminals just who they were dealing with beyond the doctor's touch and faded jeans, "It ate you up that Sherlock, someone you deemed below you because she had innately the qualities you seek to cultivate, had someone she loved. You’re deluded if you think Barten ever thought to provide you authorship. You were expelled due to academic theft and a drug habit. You stole her work in more ways than one. Tell me, who was it that went to the committee on you? I can’t deduce it.”
John hadn’t used the lemon flavor since Mum was dying of cancer. He shoved away those thoughts, and used his free arm to raise the head of the bed a bit more, ignoring the rush of pain from the bruising and the broken leg. John had no memory of anything that had happened, but he was a trauma surgeon, and he could extrapolate from his own injuries very quickly.
“Would you beg? Would you plead?” Victor continued, almost gleeful at the imagery he was painting in his twisted mind, “What would you do to keep your very heart beating?”
“I’m not above using the press that’ll camp out on my door to raise awareness of the suffering right under their noses so long as you’ll do the doctoring.” Janet replied, “And frankly, what you do on your off time is your business, right down to the crime solving. Anyone who says otherwise can do KP duty.”
“I am trying to secure you a security detail, Sherlock, that you will not maim, poison, attempt to murder, reduce to tears, or evade.” Mycroft snapped, “It appears, after much deliberation, that Dr. Watson is the only living soul for the job.”
“You have our response.” John replied, “That’s the end of it.”
“Oh, I’m sorry!” Greg allowed, “My honeymoon was not planned with your idea of fun in mind. Not that we saw much of the beach.”
It was over in a scant moment, a happy, heated, breathless exchange of heat and light and sensation. John saw unfathomable truths in Sherlock’s eyes. She wanted the doctor, the blogger, the solider, the spy, the man. She accepted the whole of who he was, and she knew the whole of him, and still she wanted him.
John shook his head, “You can’t help, Lucy. The NSY is hardly open to the public.”
John felt warmth and closeness suffuse him. For a single second, true hope bloomed with him, and he knew that he’d worked hard to find that feeling again. “I’m thinking about leading a support group when I get settled. Got any advice?”
That was clearly not the thing to say to a young woman so convinced that she was right and everyone else was killing their earth with consumerist habits and carnivorous diets. Within weeks, she’d be paleo or Ducan. Sherlock had gone right for her jugular, and focused on the fears that had made her seek out a rigid way of being, so rigid that she refused to even see her family because they did not live a zero waste lifestyle.
“I don’t need platitudes.” Sherlock returned, picking her way through her “I’m not an idiot.”
“Lucy!” John called, pulling the tarp over the body, as if he needed to spare her, “You can’t be here.”
John finished buttoning his shirt just as Molly was heading off, needing to get to the lab. MacPherson looked none the worse for wear as he sniffed the great many new scents in his home. Then again, Molly was easily one of his favorite people, and Toby was his buddy.
And just like that, Sherlock proceeded to open the door of a moving SUV. The car stopped, and she fluidly stepped out just as the tires ceased to roll. The car behind them nearly bashed into their boot, and John ended up throwing himself towards Sherlock to avoid being hit.
Sherlock bent his knees and slid a hand under her bum, lifting her and setting her on the hard, metallic table. Her legs instinctually wrapped around his waist and pulled him closer to her body, and he heard her shoes fall off one by one somewhere in the distance. He began to rub the tops of her thighs, sliding his hands over her skirt (and what luck that it
Ella didn’t say anything to that, just made a few more notes. Then she looked up at Sherlock.
“She was not unhappy at home?” John continued. “Would she have cause to run away?”
“What, you looking for my advice?” John asked, sarcastically. “Fine: go and shoot the bastard in the face. Done. All your problems, solved.”
Anna’s smile turned sad. “Thank you. Yeah, it was a bit of bad luck, I’d just headed back to uni when Dad called.” She twisted her hair in her hands. “She wasn’t supposed to go for another few months… But it’s for the best, you know? She’s not suffering, anymore.”
“Of course I have ants!" Sherlock retorted, his arms flailing about. “I’m trying to study their effects on the decomposition of—“
Mary swallowed and her eyes grew very wide. She reached out and delicately took the key from his palm.
” Mary breathed.
“Nonsense, of course you want to go,” he dismissed. “We’re off to see your father, we do it every year on Christmas.” He wrapped his scarf around his neck and took his own coat off the rack.
“Unfortunately, getting to the jewels will be much more difficult than in Moriarty’s day. After his little break-in, the Tower of London moved them to the vaults in the Cultural Museum for safe-keeping. Probably more to save face than anything, but it will be quite a nuisance for you,” Mycroft had told her. He was skeptical of her ability to carry out this particular crime.
a sociopath,” I clarified, “and now I’m not.”
There, that would buy him a few more minutes to mentally prepare himself to see John with Mary. He hadn’t seen them together since that day at the hospital, before their affair had started. (Both he and John were reluctant to call it an “affair,” but they could find no other suitable name for it.) And that had been nearly two months ago.
John snorted. “Then I’ll tell all the papers and shag twenty blokes who are.”
the sound. And then he gave me these headphones, said that next time I listened to music, use them, and I’d really be able to feel what he’s talking about.”
“It’s lovely, thank you.” John answered Mummy before taking the piss out of Mycroft, “I thought you visited for the company, Mycroft. The secret’s PG Tips.”
“I’m a doctor.” John offered, “You don’t look sick.”
John was not a romantic man. He had never had a relationship beyond a few dates, beyond a few months at the most. It had never seemed right. He’d had a sick mother, a family to help support when his father had fucked off, and a sister to protect who had enough romantic drama to put him off the whole of it. Then he’d had patients to treat, wars to fight, intelligence to gather, and an injury to overcome. But now, he knew. He’d been waiting his entire life for Sherlock Holmes.
If this revelation should have shocked John, it didn’t. He didn’t know what he felt in this moment. He only knew that so much suddenly made sense. He only knew that their was air in his lungs because Sherlock had moved heaven and hell to be with him. He had nearly died several times, but something about his time in the American hospital on the proverbial edge of a war zone had ensured his survival. Sherlock had ensured his survival, and no one would tell him any different.
“You’ll never hear me say such a horrible thing.” Sherlock retorted, horror in her voice as she studied her brother.
Still, John went back to work and found himself wondering if there was a free clinic outside Inverness. Mucking yet another corner of the dairy barn, John muttered to himself about insane doctors who lost their marbles north of Hadrian’s Wall. It was one thing to let go of the bad memories. It was quite another to idealize the good ones.
John whisked Molly onto the floor skillfully, trying in vain to gain Sherlock’s notice. It seemed the sum totality of her attention was on the man Molly was considering violating with her oyster colored shoes. “You know him?”
After all, they wouldn’t have seen Sherlock put it there.
“Oh, like you do.” The man was near to pissing himself in fear, but his loathing for woman rose to bolster him.
“Leave be, Mycroft.” Lestrade chastised.
John ran towards the ambulance just as a paramedic was getting ready to shut the door.
John knew what she meant. There didn’t need to be words, not really, but he said them anyway. “You’ve only got one twin. Luckily, he’s the pretty one.”
“Yeah?” Greg retorted, “Where’s MacPherson, then?”
“Read you like a book.” John agreed, flashing a grin, one that was small and had been the last sight of too many people to count. He failed to mention that he had also looked the man up, and could recite his family back at least six generations, knew every detail of his daily coffee run, and knew that he preferred dark-haired sex workers.
John closed his eyes beneath the enormity of that admission, knowing full well what she had just told him. There were no stopping his words, no wondering if they were ready for this truth between them, “I have wanted you since I saw you smoking that cigarette, using the Queen’s china as an ashtray. I have loved you, Sherlock,  from the moment I saw you.”
John disagreed as they met on his side of the car, MacPherson sniffing with great whooshes of chilly country air, “I think he knows when you’re in the Mind Palace.”
The aforementioned canine, having heard his favorite word, came out from under the dining table, and wagged with his whole body, “Would you like your dinner, MacPherson?”
John had not spoken to him, but he had seen the man more often than he thought was normal. John pegged him as someone from Whitehall, looking to either check boxes or feel as though he could take credit for their successes. John had once bumped into his PA. Her calculating expression had stuck in his brain, and John had found himself puzzling over the whole thing in quiet moments.
She would devote herself to her work, as John had devoted himself to his own undertakings. Sherlock knew that to say hello would be to drag him into a world of seedy criminals, grasping debutantes, and female geniuses carrying absurd torches for men who, while uniquely suited to her, wanted different things of life.
“Then we’ll have this out.” John half-asked, half-declared, and entirely begged.
John glanced at the clock, and cursed under his breath. He had to get to the surgery. He peeked out the window, and noted the press hanging about their door, hoping for a quote. MacPherson would be back any moment, and John did not want Molly to find their clothes all over the flat and neon signs that pointed to impassioned lovemaking everywhere she looked. He wasn't being circumspect for himself, but he knew Sherlock to be a very private person. She would want time to catalog things in her Mind Palace before discussing anything with Molly.
Their cases with Scotland Yard back with Scotland yard continued this pattern. When Lestrade’s text came, Sherlock simply rose, stuck a few bobby pins in her hair, clipped the lead on MacPherson’s collar, and looked to John, “There’s a case, John. It’s barely a four, but it will undoubtably be of benefit to MacPherson.”
“Oh.” Her eyes sparkled anew, and John had the feeling that something had clicked for her when she bit down on a grin.
Before Greg could reply, John left.
“With the dog?” Sarah pressed for information, and John felt his enthusiasm dip. Not only did she not like dogs, she had no interest in getting to know MacPherson or even using his name. That was one question answered, then.
“I’m sorry, ma’am, I can’t place her.” John replied, hoping very much that he hadn’t shagged her a few years ago. Of course, that was patently absurd. The fucking chancellor of Germany was unlikely to know any women John would ever be interested in dating, much less talk about him with a woman who wanted to or had been his bed partner.
“Er, really?” Carter asked, evidently unaware that Sherlock was having him on.
“Your problem, John, is that you insist in minimizing the importance of truth.” Sherlock returned, and though John wanted desperately to hear something meaningful in her statement, he knew he was reading things into it that for which his vivid mind was solely responsible.
Within an hour, she was settled in a room on a base of about fifty thousand people, at least for the night, but her mind was centered on one life that was even now, hanging by a thread under a surgeon’s scalpel.
Mickey had long ago headed out for the day, and the evening staff had already come in to their shifts at the shelter. John was therefore alone in the dimmed office light as a man came to the door. John had him pegged in a second. “Media requests are handled through the director’s office.”
“No, I find the outcome to be…” Sherlock paused, “far more pleasing than even my most generous conjectures to ever risk.”
Over the last months, John had gotten into a routine at the clinic, too. He strode into the building, bypassing the queues for meals, the bustle at the food closet, and the buzz of community spaces to pick up his mail at the office. He then stuffed what he might into his bag and lugged supply boxes across the corridor, and into the sitting room of the clinic. If he was on time, he had a few minutes to open his mail and put on tea and coffee for patients. If he was late, as he habitually was, he had just enough time to pull a file, grab a pen, and make certain his phone was on vibrate before someone was demanding his attention.
John continued tapping away on his computer. If he got caught phone tapping, at the very least Mycroft would bail him out. He didn’t trust a tap he didn’t have some hand in executing these days, not with his insights into the government over the last year. It was getting tougher these days with advances in technology, and his lack of organized training, but he kept his finger on the pulse of things. He only wished he wasn’t trying to hunt down whoever had done this to their dog.
It took John but a minute to generate a report on Mr. Trevor. He worked in a bank, with a boss by the name of Gloria Scott. He was a security and risk management officer, among other things at this high-end bank in London. He apparently had a proclivity for Westwood suits and paying for sex. He had never had a long-term partner and was a lackluster student.
“None of that sass, sir.” Charge nurse declared, pausing to see the bald honesty in his face, “You really don’t remember Sarah?”
A text buzzed in John’s pocket, the results of some contact with a few people in the know, at the highest and lowest positions in this society. By the time he read it an hour later, Sherlock was gone and he was grappling with the knowledge that there was no James Armitage anywhere in London or in Europe, save a boy who had died years ago. Seconds later, as he was processing that information and composing a text to Sherlock, a text came in from her number that sent him flying across the pavement towards a black car that had pulled up five minutes ago.
John tried not to crush the bug he had to step over to get out of a tech’s way.
She had to trust her brain, now. No more notes. Her notes had made John vulnerable. Nothing about that was acceptable. The rage and the pain she had felt as Victor had drugged her, held her captive, and mocked her were nothing to the fear and the hell she experienced knowing that he posed a risk to John, that he thought it acceptable for John’s name to pass his lips.
Sherlock was fading as he whispered, “As if naked females do anything for you.”
“I know a ‘go away so I can read my letters in peace’ when I hear one, Captain.” Murray chortled, tipping his hand jauntily, “Do give my regards to the missus, and if she’s so obliged, tell her I’m cool with polyamory.”
He held two chairs in his hands, and was continuing to stack them when the door opened and a wiry man stepped inside, “John, I’d heard you were back in London.”
Shit fucking hell.
“Sherlock…” John replied, feeling very much the cad as he climbed into her antique bed. Her sheets here were exactly the same as they were at Baker street, a crisp cotton in the autumn, for she abhorred flannel and declared silk to be a summer fabric. “I’m not a virtuous person.”
“She’d take of that herself, of that I have no doubt.” James smiled, “But if I have any hope of saving myself a great deal of trouble, I really must go and assure her our brother is a bag of hot air who loves her devotedly and that she has made an admirable choice in a partner.”
This wasn’t fun and games any more. 24 hours was questionable, 48 was intriguing, 72 was old hat, but 96 hours of continual observation was just a waste of resources. There were pensions to be paid, and if they weren’t government spooks, John would eat his hat. They had followed him to rugby yesterday, to the chemist’s, and to see Ella. He’d lost them this morning, what with spending an extra hour navigating the Tube. They’d been long gone when he went into the shop, but now they were back.
At this John laughed outright, but Sherlock continued, “Could we please endeavor to discern why this dead woman has crayon wax splattered on her body?”
John took offense to that statement. “Hey, look, even the plebs like a bed of their own.”
Greg never asked for Sherlock’s deductions in such a way, but he knew what he was on about, for it almost blindly clear that Victor Trevor had planted cameras in the area, like a murderer watching over his kill. Sherlock nodded, and met Greg’s eye. “The killer is James Armitage. The victim’s name is Gloria Scott. She discovered that he was engaged in shady money laundering practices, and he killed her. Would you like more? Even Anderson could find the killer with his name.”
Once back on Baker Street, John reflected over the cult of Sherlock that had grown up around them. Speedy’s now had case memorabilia on the walls and the shops had cashed in on their location. John ignored the owl-eyed stare of the new shop assistant. Heather had the good sense to pretend he was a brick wall, and Randeep joked and laughed with everyone.
Mycroft had clearly been anticipating this conversation, though he had perhaps expected it from his sister more than John. “You are aware, John, that what you are demanding will come with a counterbalance.”
John sighed, clicking his phone, and paging through texts, not looking up as he spoke. “I need a bit of reception before this thing starts.”
Hampton was standing at his post. Good man, him. John was glad they had enough time to move him before Hampton would need to walk here. He wasn’t too keen on having Hampton step over Sherlock. He would do it, though, easily and without so much as a glance at the man below him.
Time was irrelevant, but she eventually heard movement by the door. Thinking it the nurse to come again and tell her that John would be taken to surgery now, she looked up quickly and saw Lestrade lingering by the entry. Sherlock nodded, and he entered the room, looking as uncomfortable as she had ever seen him.
Except that, well, he did.
John felt a cool hand within his own, but it was not the correct hand. He knew this instinctively. Whoever was holding his hand was a stranger to him, and for a split second he thought he felt someone tapping morse code along his palm. The sensation faded as pain bloomed.
John did not reach for the light. “You’ll need to make an appointment.”
John remembered this tidbit of personal experience when he was able to begin to lead a peer group focusing on veterans issues. He’d not served with any of the men and women in the group, but they quickly bonded. It was nice to have a space to give back, to feel useful and wanted and vital. He’d remembered Harry’s words of wisdom and brought a treat each week, until someone else had taken up the idea. They now had a refreshment rota.
Very red in the face, the girl rambled out some instructions. As they were walking away, she hollered out, “But how did you know his name was Gerber?”
John did just that, and headed back to 221b Baker Street. He fired off a text as he crossed the road:
The bespectacled man came forward to shake John’s hand warmly, “I’m well, John, very well. I heard you were home from Afghanistan and I just had to stop by and say hello. I didn’t think to get your number and give you a ring. How are you?”
“Me?” He asked, looking at her with confusion, “I...”
“Oh, John.” The woman smiled, and it stole John’s breath. “You of all people know not every condition is visible.”
Sarah smiled, “How about Greek?”
As he stepped up on the pavement, he brushed off his shirt, Tim Tam crumbs still evident. “Was that necessary?”
“No doubt you love Hector—” Macon drawled, “but, as you say, love is a deficit on the losing side.”
As Sherlock had known she would do, the girl brightened and nodded. “I’d be happy to. My cousin joined up after 9/11. He’s in the Marines.”
What did he know, anyway?
MacPherson shook, wisps of hair flying everywhere. John agreed, “Yeah, I don’t know either.”
He informed Sherlock of every detail he could recall as he tore into the biscuits. Sherlock had already begun to scribble on the fresh butcher paper on the wall. After quick discussion, Sherlock declared the man a journalist with some American tabloid. They accepted that conclusion on the basis of nearly weekly requests to learn more about MacPherson, who had been papped yet again at his agility class, leading to the aforementioned alliterative headline.
“I should have worked as a lion tamer, that’s what I ought to have done.” John muttered, “A lion taming—” John dropped the case on his foot, and hoped Mycroft was enjoying the CCTV footage. “Fuck!”
As Greg’s car moved off towards his home, John took special care to wave at a CCTV camera or two that tracked him home and around the park. After all, bedeviling Mycroft was a noble occupation.
Before John could splutter, he was abandoned in a cocktail party, like some kind of circle of Hell. Champagne was flowing, and waiters moved around with trays amongst impeccably dressed people. Their gaiety was a front, John realized. It was like the time he’d had to drop out of a chopper to perform an emergency surgery in the field, and a fast extraction.
“I beg your pardon?” John asked, reaching out for Sherlock as she rolled over and found her feet.
“John!” She looked directly at him, then, and John thanked God he’d gotten his shoe on as he’d watched them as they’d spoken. “You didn’t return my text. Are we still staying in?”
Mycroft nodded, and began to text on that horrible iPhone that never left his hand. “You are a man of principle, John. Do not forget that you have given me your word.”
“I could always do with the money...” John replied. Even overqualified doctors needed to eat, and he knew by Sherlock’s wardrobe cases as she’d moved in, and unpacked her clothes, that food wasn’t going to be on her half of the shopping lists.
“Oh, it’s fun sometimes.” John replied, off-handedly, thinking of clay pigeon shooting as a child, one of the skills Gramps had picked up from the Yanks and passed onto him. John let light and truth bleed into his eyes, and knew that Victor had come face to face with the solider, the fighter.
Within a day, a slew of dog things began to arrive. Within two weeks, though, that stopped, only to be replaced by a continuation of the experimentation on various objects, from the durability of dog bowls to the softness and fiber quality of various blankets. She carried out durability and safety tests on dog toys. The litany of tests and experiments she devised were inventive, while dizzying.
John was tired, he was hungry, and he’d pushed back their dinner reservations once already. “If you’ve something to say, say it. I don’t play word games.”
Carter rubbed his face in disbelief, “What’s that going to do?”
John accepted this marching orders as someone else called out, “Janet, any news on that porridge?”
“Truths have meanings, implications, consequences.” Sherlock replied, “If you can acknowledge a truth, you have to accept those, build upon them, act upon them. You have yet to do so, though I suffer no such paralysis.”
John crouched steadily behind the wingback chair, feeling very murderous indeed, as Victor slunk away to slough his skin.
“Oh, ho!” Victor retorted, “Have we been keeping secrets, darling?”
Two weeks later, another box arrived for John. Like the first one that had arrived shortly after he’d gotten here, it was largely unmarked, save for his details, and seemed to have arrived through diplomatic channels. It came jumbled up with the mail, but it was clearly in better shape, and the stamps didn’t match international postage. It was clearly a governmental box.
Greg’s reaction was normal, but John wasn’t going to allow Greg to make this about him, not right now. They needed to focus on Sherlock, who was looking at Greg as though he had grown three heads.
Sherlock’s breath tickled John’s ear. “How is that any alteration from your normal orientation? I’m well, John.”
John let the matter fall, determined to search his memory. He would have remembered Sherlock. He knew they had never so much as crossed paths in New York. He would have known the second she showed up in his life. He would have pulled strings, would have done anything to keep in touch with her. He would have, once assuring himself that she was nineteen, left spy craft behind for an evening and took her to dinner and watched her deduce everyone in the room. He would have invited her back to his, and then he never, ever, would have spent another day without the sound of her heartbeat in his veins.
“You understand that I am Sherlock’s security.” John felt a twist in his stomach. Here her father was insinuating things, telling him that Sherlock ranted about him, and they had just bloody met. Was this a set up? Literally? Was Mycroft some kind of matchmaker?
Well, he wouldn’t have looked at her at fifteen, but there was a span of time between fifteen and nearly twenty-two, that was true. However, he drew the line at giving Mycroft any credit whatsoever for their relationship. There were things that were just not done, never done.
“You could.” John returned, back on even footing. Brilliant, amazing, world changing, Sherlock Holmes might be a genius, might be a million things he didn’t know, but he knew how to keep someone talking. It was only after the words left his mouth that he realized that he wished she would spill his secrets. He not only wanted to hear her voice. He wanted to listen.
“Your gran’s getting on in years, Johnny. Your sister’s got the farming sense God gave a snail. You might have been something useful, but you ran clean off.” Tom grinned, and John noted that he hadn’t yet given up smoking despite poking at Harry’s recovery like she hadn’t been sober for years, “Face facts, son. We’ll give your family a fair price.”
John arrived and was met by a Miss April Birch, the assistant that would be escorting him to where he was meant to give the speech.
“We’ve got a bit of one.” Janet informed him as he finished cleaning up and closing his depleted bag, “We’ll do what we can to help you outfit the place, but this isn’t NHS, Dr. Watson, and we haven’t its funding or backing. The people who seek us out are often without leave to remain or are people who massively distrust authority figures for heartbreaking reasons.”
“Use yours, Sherlock.” Mike countered. “Or the lab phone.”
Sherlock was not so foolish to imagine that his final wave as he approached security had anything to do with her. She knew his eyes never even fell upon her, slouched in the row of chairs as she remained. Still, that gesture emboldened her. Sherlock gathered up her things, and wrote a note on the scrap of paper that had come with her disgusting Costa tea.
The woman did not answer.
John felt the saliva in his mouth dry. “To what, exactly?”
“I shall not be goaded.” Sherlock bit back a smile, though it did not quite crest in her eyes. He realized then that she was hesitant, not on her account, but his own. “You’ll just have to wait.”
John was shipping out. He didn’t the send off, the military transport, the sense of unity in traveling with the pack, at least this first leg. No, he had a bit of a stop to make, and so allowances had been made, so long as he kept things close to the vest. He’d tried to slip away from Nan’s unnoticed, but Nan couldn’t bear the thought of him going alone, not with Mum so newly passed on, hardly cold in her grave in the family plot. Fucking cancer.
“I’m smarter than you are, and I’m right!” Sherlock declared, “You thought you were right about your previous lifestyle overhaul, the unfortunate goth phase, didn’t you? Well you weren’t! You weren’t, and you aren’t! You’re the problem!”
“Gregory.” Mycroft sounded shocked. John, for the first time in a long time, wanted to laugh so hard that his stomach ached with the pain of restraining it.
“What?” John asked, rolling his shoulders as he left the study, absurdly happy to see dog hair on the silk settee Sherlock had vacated.
John had a plan. He had several plans. He had the means. He had the resolve. He would hate her for sharing his vulnerability with the world, but she cared not, so long as he was alive to do it. A long time ago, she had desired nothing more than his friendship. Then, and then, she had wanted his happiness. Now, all she wanted was for him to be alive. Not for her, but for himself. Damn the consequences.
Others still, were excitable and polite. These made up the majority of the comments. Molly was always sweet about things.
“What, nothing.” Nan replied, as was her with impertinent questions badly phrased, “I’m happy to have you home, and hope you’ll stay.”
“Second generation. Learned the steps as a child. Left handed, ambidextrous with a weapon. Favors left hand for gun, right for driving. Possibly. Single, no children. Too much time given to glossing.”
Sherlock slanted at glance at John, and he made his excuses as Sherlock rose from the table, “I should really see to MacPherson’s dinner. Won’t you excuse me?”
“Lucy.” John said, a tight smile gracing his face, shooting Dr. Floral Dress an apologetic glance.
Sherlock’s tone was strident. “I am not a first century man, and now I have things to do.”
Pete stuck a fork in his steak and ale pie. Just the thought of something that heavy turned John’s stomach. They were having good food, lately, or better than usual. John had seen the higher-ups escorting a man with an umbrella around the barracks, past postings, through the buildings. He was likely behind the good showing that was going on around here.
“I warned you, did I not, on several occasions?” Mycroft asked, standing as he was, right outside the doors.
He had never quite seen Sherlock so social without the aid of a case to push her along, and he wasn’t sure as to her deductions, but he knew they would be plentiful. Was she holding them back, still processing, or trying to make an impression on Nan? He had himself noted a thousand details that would be of interest to Sherlock as she entered a this place. He did not linger on thoughts of what she might deduce about his Nan, nor did he allow himself to consider what new depths of himself was now bare to her soul.
In this fashion they passed most of their stay. Sherlock took to her lab in the afternoon before dinner, and handled a few cases. John blogged about them after dinner when MacPherson was tired out, resting at their feet. Sherlock would spend the time he used for writing to read or to decimate idiots on the internet, though frequently she turned her hand to handicrafts.
John knew what he was seeing, “You know, if you took a blow to the head, or otherwise sustained a concussion, screens aren’t the best.”
John waited for the clatter and scrabble of giant paws. They had given Carter strict instructions that the dogs were to stay in the house in the absence. He had revisions to do, and so John had thought that this rule would help the kid get his work done and keep curious dogs out of trouble.
John reached into his rucksack, and tore open a package he’d put in there this morning after a pitstop at the tuck shop. He wasn’t particularly hungry, but he knew most people would have been, and figured Harry could do with something. His depression manifested as a lack of interest in food, but that didn’t mean Harry had to notice it.
“Hey!” Murray declared, coming over to see what John was up to, privacy being a nonentity in their circumstances, “A package?”
“Well.” John took note of the fact that Sherlock was keeping data like this in her head, “I’d hate to skew your data.”
Next chapter ties up some loose ends in this chapter and gets, shall we say, a bit more M-ish...
Sherlock neither moved nor spoke, but when he brought her the steaming cup, heavily scented with tannins and sugar, she sat up and took it without response. She sipped it as it cooled, and declared, “It was hateful, absolutely hateful.”
Mycroft asserted, “You were stabbed seven blocks west, Sherlock.”
“The nurses told me later that her voice was magical.” Greg’s voice was clogged with tears, “And then when Mycroft tried, in his own way, to break the news that you would live, she said nothing. She simply refused to let you die. When he told her that you would be discharged, that you would never be a trauma surgeon again, she…”
John grabbed a pen and reached for a notepad, knowing that it was a slim chance to get his name, but he might get a date of return. All information was vital. “What day would you like to schedule your appointment, Mr…?”
She knew it was prosaic. She didn’t particularly care if he was happy. Happiness was a changeable, fickle thing. She just wanted him to be well, him to find some measure of meaning and freedom from the mire in which he found himself that enabled himself to keep air in his lungs and life in his body. John Watson, was someone like her, and she knew what it was to be like them, probably better than he did. She knew what it was to want to die just to make their brain stop, and she knew that was a rare quality amongst people. After all, she had made a great study of the human species and had never encountered another like him.
, under which you came to exist.”
“What about you?” he coaxed.
Anna smiled back at him, then silently packed up her fiddle and went upstairs to do as she was told.
them, alright? Not even in your head,” she added, and Sherlock pursed his lips. “You always get that creepy look on your face, when you do it in your head.”
Mycroft looked at him, almost sadly. “Sherlock, you do not. You are so far from knowing, it’s almost physically painful to regard.” He cleared his throat. “I know that this is new for you, to love someone. And it feels like a fantasy, like nothing will go wrong. But Sherlock, John is
John took a deep breath and inserted a finger.
came back from the dead, he thought he should to go down and break the news to her without John there. Otherwise, the poor woman would probably have a heart attack.
Lestrade checked the clock in the break room as he poured himself a tall cup of coffee. Three-fifty-eight.
John’s face fell. “Oh.”
Sherlock’s brain snapped back to the present as he heard his bedroom door open and saw John limp out of the shadows. He sat up as John stopped at the edge of the kitchen and stared out into the dim light of the sitting room. “John? What is it?”
“Jesus, Sherlock—“
“For a long while, yes. Breast cancer, apparently.” Mycroft tutted. “Such a terrible way to go, cancer. I’d much rather… I don’t know…
Once he was done with the torso, John stepped back. “Sherlock, I… I’m sorry, but I really should look…”
Just then, two firemen burst into the room with Sergeant Donovan, the door swinging wide and banging on the back of the wall. They all three halted in the frame, gaping at the corpse on the ground and Lestrade standing over it with a pocket knife in his hand.
Sherlock dropped the act with a disappointed huff. “No, John, we’re
“Ha!,” replied Sherlock, with a smirk. “We’ll see about that.”
Sherlock was quiet for a long moment. Then, “I’ll always wish for it.”
John was sitting fully upright, his chest heaving with breath, and looking at me, bloody scrutinizing, in a way I’d never seen. I was starting to panic. I should have put an end to the conversation when it started.
John swallowed, looking around the kitchen. His gaze rested on the countertop, where there were various lengths of human hair taped over the edge, it a row. It was not inspiring. “Erm, I…” He cleared his throat—and lost his nerve. “I was hoping you had some new developments in the search for Moriarty,” he said, letting his breath out in relief. “Anything to report?”
Molly’s hands flew to her face in agony.
“Out with it, John! You know something, about Moriarty, but you don’t want the government to find out. That’s why you wanted me to deduce it.”
“Da-da,” Anna responded, smiling. Then she grabbed two orange blocks and proceeded to speak to him in a string of unintelligible gibberish.
feel ridiculous, small. Dumb. Foolish. All the things I was feeling right now. But I
“Did you hear me?” Sherlock asked. “John?”
John swallowed and scanned the room. “Are you sure he can’t hear?” Sherlock nodded, so John took a deep breath, and began.
“I only said it because I knew that it was what you wanted to hear.” (The opposite of true.) “You kissed me. I liked it. I was curious. It was the only way.”
“I can’t help it,” I pouted. “If I could, I would.”
“He only did that one case,” said Mrs. Hudson, recalling the memory. “You remember McMurdo, the prize fighter? Well, he suffered a nasty injury and was forced to retire—lost an eye, if I remember correctly—and afterward, he started dealing steroids to the young, up-and-coming fighters. A reporter found out about it, and the poor fool got himself killed. McMurdo was afraid the reporter would expose him and ruin his reputation, you see. Beat him to death… it was quite horrid.” She shivered.
“Guilt?” I asked, incredulous. “You had a baby with him, for guilt?” I couldn’t believe it. I may not have been the most well-versed in successful relationships, but even I knew that was a recipe for disaster.
Lestrade didn’t reply.
There was some kind of relief, in all this mess, with the kidnapping and rape and suicide and torture and revenge and now his wife kicking him out of the house. The relief was that John could come home, again.
I stared at him. At his ordinary mouth, on his ordinary face.
Sherlock burst into tears.
As if right on cue, Sherlock’s face spread into understanding. He strode over with purpose and stopped just before John, then leaned forward and pressed a soft, tender kiss onto his lips. John felt warm all over, his heart thudding wildly in his chest—if he wanted any proof that Sherlock was over Molly, this was most definitely it. His sight went fuzzy round the edges when Sherlock pulled away, and he felt a pleasant flush creep up his skin. “Right… ahem.” He cleared his throat. “The
Anna began to shriek. “Let me take her,” Sherlock offered weakly, stepping toward them and holding out his hands.
John lifted his eyebrows skyward. “You’re the man who raised her. Of course you are.”
,” and reached over to grab her laptop from the coffee table. She settled back into the cushions and opened the screen—
When it was over, John stayed pressed against him on the wall until his breathing slowed to a semi-regular pace. He felt Sherlock release the fabric of his shirtsleeves, where he hadn’t even realized he’d been holding on. He looked up, and Sherlock’s eyes were still closed very tightly. “You alright?” he asked, stroking his cheek.
Luckily, John didn’t find anything too worrisome. After he finished the examination, he helped Sherlock to dress again, to pull up his trousers and button his shirt; Sherlock’s hands were shaking too much to do it himself. John didn’t meet his eyes the entire time—he couldn’t. He knew if he did, he would cry again… and crying, at this point, would serve no purpose other than to make Sherlock feel bad for him.
“And why not?” I’d demanded. (I’d paid for her ice cream and
, John! You can’t go to prison! You have a wife, a daughter,
of it—the hot breath, smooth skin, muscles tensing. The blissful climax.
It was then, the moment I orgasmed, that I had the epiphany; my libido was only awakened by proximity to death.
Mary leaned back in her chair. “Go on, then.”
Molly stared at Anna over a cup of sub-par coffee and watched her eat a piece of apple pie.
“And why
why you did it, though.”
Sherlock blinked at him, aghast. “That was back when I thought you were actually in love with your wife!”
her,” John said, after several seconds of silence. “That he could… that he thought he could do that. And that he did.”
thinking about Anna,” Sherlock snapped. “For God’s sake, that’s all I think about. Were you not just in the morgue with me? Did you not just see the threat made deliberately on Anna’s life? If I don’t go after Mary and Moriarty, they’ll kill her,” said Sherlock, shrilly, “like they killed John.”
“Called you out on your bullshit, did he?” John was looking fond, now. It was wholly grotesque. “Good man. What else?”
Sherlock sighed there, on the floor of the mortuary; now that he recognized the loneliness, he had a sinking feeling that he was not going to be able to get rid of it. He looked down at Molly again, who was watching him through soft, sleepy eyes. She smiled a private smile, a knowing one, like they were in a room full of people and sharing an unspoken secret. He felt a warmth and excitement flutter in his gut, in spite of himself. He became acutely aware of all of the places their bodies were touching—they all started to tingle pleasantly. Molly lifter her head to kiss him softly, and the tingling spread across his skin to more… unmentionable locations.
don’t have that much stuff yet, but I figured you’d want a say in how we divvied up the space.”
John looked a bit bewildered. “You really have changed.”
He nodded, and smiled a little. “We must have just missed each other. I took the train after l woke up and found you gone. I thought they might help me to understand you.... How you got this way. How I could help you. I was really confused when they saw it was me and started laughing. And when your mum told your dad it was his turn.” His smile grew. “Good man, your dad. Knows just how to calm you down. He told me some things, about him and your mum. You and her are pretty similar, you know.”
Molly smiled. “Well, good for her! It’s nice to see creativity in young people.” She grabbed another clip and went back to work. When he didn’t respond, she looked up again and sighed at his expression. “Sherlock, this is perfectly normal. She has friends. She enjoys music. Every little girl dreams of being a rock star at some point—what’s the matter with it?”
come back. And I want you to be here, when I do.”
The sunlight shone through the crack between the blinds and the window frame, shone on John’s sandy-blond head, making his hair sparkle with golden light. Sherlock realized that it was warmer in this room, and it
He stared down at his plate of half-eaten spaghetti and realized it no longer looked appetizing. He put down his spoon and fork. “Let’s go back to Baker Street and talk there,” he suggested.
at him, afraid that these new feelings would show plain as day on his face, that John would
Sherlock turned his face inward, burying it in the crook of John’s neck. John could feel his tears slipping down, wetting the collar of his shirt. On some sort of instinct, he turned his face and planted a kiss in Sherlock’s hair.
John thought.
“Ha!” said Anna. “You have no idea.”
John sat completely still. These were questions he always wanted the answers to, and thought he’d never have.
, Sherlock kept having to remind himself). He’d gotten an awful lot of dirty looks throughout the ceremony as Anna either cried or babbled incoherently to him, much too loudly, as she didn’t yet have an awareness of her own volume. “Maybe you should take her outside for a few minutes,” an elderly woman in front of him tutted, turning around and giving him a harsh glare. Sherlock wanted to punch her in the face. He remembered thinking he’d finally lost it, that wanting to punch frail, old ladies in the face was probably an official sign that he’d cracked. He should have at least fought back by deducing something horrid about her… but instead, he’d gotten up and left for a couple minutes as she’d suggested.
I climbed over him and reached for the bedside table. Inside the drawer was a little tube, just like he’d said. “You’re tricky,” I told him, sitting back and settling between his legs.
John raised his eyebrows. “But we’re doing it, yes?”
Sherlock blinked and turned his head. “Who?”
Carruthers eyed him, suspiciously. “Are you a private detective, or something? I’ve already told the police all I know.”
“It would be good for you to do…
“Brilliant, Anna,” said Mycroft, sitting across from her in the back of the van. He pulled out his ear piece, and Anna did the same, as well as rip the microphone off of her hip. She was still crying. “I couldn’t have done a better job myself,” he continued, collecting the equipment and handing it to the technician seated next to him. “You were absolutely right, you read him like a book. The boy idea was genius.” Mycroft sighed with relief and leaned back against the wall. “You’ll be happy to know that we picked up David, and he has no major injuries.” He smirked a little. “Sherlock has always held a special place for physical violence in his heart.” He looked over at Anna, who was sitting with her face in her hands. “Are you alright?” he asked, confused.
I looked down at him, next to me, smiling at our hands joined in the sink. He caught me watching him, and he rocked up onto the balls of his feet to kiss my lips. It was quick, and chaste, and left my head full of fluff instead of brains. (Thank God, I needed a bit of respite from thinking.)
“Ohhh!” came an excited squeal from the kitchen.
Mycroft and Sherlock stayed for a half hour more, then left at the same time (to Sherlock’s annoyance). When the goodbyes were given and doors were closed, Mycroft said something Sherlock had never heard him say:
John clenched his hands into fists. “It’s not like I didn’t
The sound of the gun echoed for some time on the barren walls of the parking garage. Anna’s eyes remained shut, waiting for the guard to kill her… or maybe he already had.
? How do you… what am I supposed to say to that?”
John turned around, slowly, his face still a wreck.
Anna felt like whenever she played, she was playing for David. If he liked a certain harmony over a different one, she’d play that one instead. If there was a dispute amongst the members, she would always take his side. And he’d give her this wink that made her legs turn to jelly… and that’s when she began to regret the “one practice a week” she’d made Mycroft agree to.
John turned around, peering at Sherlock through the dim light of their flat. “Fuck you,” he said, not really with any malice; more as a matter of fact. He turned back and climbed the stairs to his room.
“SHERLOCK!”
“I think I’ll take Anna and go visit Molly for the evening,” she said, after a beat. “Give everyone a break, give you a chance to have that talk, yeah?”
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “You think she knows?”
They walked up the pavement and into the house, past hordes of police—forensic specialists, detectives, guards—crawling across every surface of the Carruthers’ home. Lestrade pushed past them and John followed, tight lipped, behind. They made it through to the back door, and to John’s surprise, Lestrade opened it and stepped through.
Sherlock grabbed Anna’s arm and dragged her to the doorway, keeping a hand on her head and pressing it down low. “Cover us!” he shouted. John stepped out from behind his shield and squeezed the trigger over and over as fast as he could, backing up behind Sherlock and Anna as they made their way to the stairs.
rather funny,” he agreed, breathlessly. He gazed back at Mary and swallowed.
She would never be able to shoot them all before they turned her into a pile of Swiss cheese.
John laughed, then, and leaned in to kiss Mary on the cheek. “Whatever you say, dear.”
I was coming. “I’ll never leave you again.”
John glared at him through his fingers. “You could have helped me out, you know. Given me a tip or two before she left, so I wouldn’t look like such an insensitive prick.”
“I intend to,” he replied.
“Let’s
I’d been so wrapped up in my own response to John’s kiss that I hadn’t thought about why he’d kissed me in the first place. I felt utterly stupid. But really, who could blame me? It wasn’t really my fault. I’d just had a bloody sexual awakening (and now—cringe—an
He stopped touching himself with an exasperated huff and considered going back to his original plan, which was to distract himself from his desire until he was calm enough to sleep again. But his erection still stretched up into his pants, and he knew it wasn’t going to go away of its own accord. He found that he was stuck in that strange spot between needing to come and not being able to, a spot which he’d been in a handful of times before. It was not pleasant.
“Oh, don’t worry,” Sherlock spat, talking over him. “You’re not the first.”
of it. ‘Screwed by a screwdriver.’”
John looked as if he might pop all the blood vessels in his forehead. “That’s because
“You shouldn’t be going out,” John said, quietly.
Sherlock had blinked at him. “Do I look like I need your pity, Glenn?”
“Consider me,” John pants, “proven wrong.”
Molly looked at her, worriedly. “Alright,” she conceded. Anna gave her a small smile, and she returned it but didn’t look reassured.
Sherlock looked at him and took the gloves. His eyes were still the same sterling silver and John noticed that they reflected a bit of green today because of the coat. Sherlock nodded his assent and replaced the gloves on his hands with the ones John had given him, and then bent over to pick up the larger piece of wood that needed another split and set it on the stump.
, and if I’d had a bit more time, I would have
“Mary—“ John started, standing up, “
, she thought bitterly. They gave her new identities, constantly—new people to be, with whole histories and backgrounds and personalities. Even if they were false, at least she had them, at least she knew who she was, even for a brief time.
“So sorry, Anna, that you got caught in the middle of this,” apologized Moriarty, not an ounce of remorse in his voice.
“You just said you’ve never loved
“Oh, Sherlock, you just… you’re so
“Well, you know, she’s thirteen. She’s got a right to a little bit of privacy, don’t you think?”
They raced out of the alley and down the street to their car, getting absolutely soaked in the rain. “Bugger!” swore Anna, wringing out her hair as they got in the vehicle. “We left your umbrella in the alley.”
ready for summer, in a skimpy dress that was clearly not warm enough by the way she was hunched-over walking, her pale skin and holiday weight clashing horribly with the garment. Sherlock watched a man in a thick jumper and jeans eye one of those women as she trotted past, her arms crossed in an attempt to keep warm. His phone buzzed with a text alert.
“Both, I suppose. The poor girl didn’t have a chance.”
Ella stared at him, intently. “Who did he mean? Mary and the baby?”
She looked back at Anna, who’d finally thrown the iron box’s few remaining contents over the back of the boat. The girl clambered back down to the floor and rested there, her back against the back of the craft, hair whipping around her face in knots. Mary noticed that her expression was not malicious, or triumphant, or afraid; it was purely one of pity.
just examine her?”
After she’d agreed to be part of Mycroft’s plan, he told her she needed to come up with an excuse to be gone after school for “spy” training. Her immediate thought was to tell Sherlock she was going to join Science Club—he’d be so thrilled that he’d completely overlook any of his suspicions. She’d thought it was a brilliant plan, until Mycroft pointed out that she had, on multiple occasions, spoken of her extreme distaste of all things science, and had absolutely no skill for any of it whatsoever.
sunscreen on the same day?”
Well, more a girl than a woman. We were sixteen, she was in my year in school and the only girl that had been remotely interested in an overly-curious gangly know-it-all (yes, ladies and gentlemen, there was a time when I did not look like an Adonis). It was the phase of my life when I’d started to become curious about sexual experimentation with a partner. From ages thirteen to sixteen I’d learned everything I needed to know about masturbation, and I was bored. Horny, and bored. It was a truly awful combination.
As Carruthers knelt, Lestrade caught a glimpse of a curly head behind him—and his mouth fell open.
Mycroft sighed for a second time. “Sherlock, you cannot live in both worlds, now. You’re either a sociopath, or you’re in love with John. You can’t be both. And,” he added, “it’s not just
Sherlock smiled a little, then turned and looked down at his hands. “You know, I loved your father very much. He was the best man I ever knew. And I like to go and visit him, sometimes, because sometimes I… feel sad, without him.” He looked back at Anna, who was silently absorbing his words. “I know it isn’t fair for me to ask you to visit his grave, to pay your respects to a man you don’t remember, even if that man
John looked up into the mist and saw a tall figure in a black coat standing in the road in front of him. He realized then that the sound of the wood being chopped was not the only sound the snow had muted. It was the first snow of the season and he’d forgot how footsteps were nearly silent in the winter. It made hunting for game nearly impossible, which was why John hunted in the fall so that he could keep meat in the house throughout the snowy months. That first year, he’d nearly starved. It was impossible to be a vegetarian in the woods.
bring it up,” I said. “You asked me if I’d been in love. And you were so...
The two of them fumed at each other. Sherlock’s hands had become unclasped, and John’s were out of his pockets. They’d started to attract attention from some of the passersby.
“You see, Anna, I’m not without a heart,” said Moriarty, knowingly. “I’m not entirely ruthless; I
“Sherlock.” He gripped my shoulder and I looked up. There was something raw in his expression. Something had broken open, some vulnerability that I had unlocked. I felt dizzy with desire. “I want you,” he whispered.
“Did that bitch wife of his take off?” Harry continued, at a growl. “Always seemed the type. I’m not surprised.” She reached out and attempted to stroke Anna’s cheek, but Anna screwed up her face and started to wail. “There, there, I’m not going to hurt you.” Harry tried to coo it but it came out as a croak instead. She cleared her throat. “What’s to become of her?”
, Sherlock thought, staring as John opened his eyes and turned to look at him.
The Detective Inspector furrowed his brow and considered the decision.
“Tell them to go, John,” Sherlock pleaded softly. “Tell them I don’t want to give a statement.”
He decided he wouldn’t turn himself in.
For the first time, Mary turned to her daughter, and Anna was taken aback by the emotion in her face. She looked back down at the key, thumbing over the intricate design. “Right before my mother died, she gave me her necklace,” she said, quietly. Her gun was still raised, though not aimed directly at any of their heads. “It was a half moon made of lapis lazuli, tied to a rather crude leather string, but she’d worn it every day of her life, as far as I could recall. She told me she wanted me to have it, and that I should never take it off. And I didn’t. I was nineteen years old when she died, leaving me an orphan, by the way—I’d never known my father—and I wore it every day for the next five years, even after I was recruited into the CIA as an assassin for hire, even when I went on assignments. I kept it hidden, under my shirt, but it was always there, reminding me of her.
. “Fuck me.”
Oh God, what if he’d fallen for John a long time ago? What if he’d been living with this unrequited love, the curse of his own words still haunting him, “I’m married to my work,” and with John’s heterosexuality vocalized at every possible moment. And John had gotten married, once-and-for-all off limits… but now he was no longer married (John felt a terrible, aching pain in his heart at the realization). Did the fact that John was available… did that cause Sherlock to reopen his heart, rekindle whatever fire had been extinguished by John’s marriage?
.” John snorted, as if it were too ridiculous to be true. “My God, you—you don’t even wear your
Sherlock did a double-take at the bin, feigning ignorance. “No idea how it got there! Must have been Mrs. Hudson, the cruel woman.” He brushed some crumbs off the poster, wrinkling his nose.
as she rested her head back on the surface of the table. He licked her again, this time sucking a bit at the end, and she raised her hips off the table to keep herself in his mouth. Sherlock brought a finger up to tease her slick opening and continued to use his tongue, over and over, sliding the finger between her lips, around the outer edge of her snatch, and then, when she was quivering under him, he slipped the finger inside of her.
“Yes, but…” John sighed again. “You know I’ve never been good at this stuff, either. Expressing my feelings… it’s just so difficult, to narrow it down, put it into works, and then share those words.” He scratched his head. “So, look. This is what I want to say: you’re my best friend, Sherlock. I’ve never had such a close relationship with anyone else, not even Mary.” He took a deep breath. “I don’t know if I can be your… you know, boyfriend.” He made a face and shook his head at the word, as if it wasn’t quite what he expected. “But the thought of it, of trying it, the curiosity of what it might be… it’s exciting. I find it exciting. Not disgusting, or creepy, or wrong, or all the things that I’ve felt before when I thought of myself with a man. I’m intrigued, I’m giddy, I’m…” he took another breath. “I’m ready. If you are.”
Sherlock stared at him.
Sherlock didn’t know any of it, but John knew, and Anna knew, and knowing together bonded them in a sort of way that they’d never been before.
Anna released a breath that she didn’t realize she’d been holding.
“She’s
“We’ve fucked up,” John said, his eyes far away. “We’ve royally fucked this up, Sherlock.”
He looked so much the stern father that John couldn’t help but chuckle again. “You’d have a very rude awakening, you would,” he teased. He smiled and Sherlock met it with a sort of smile of his own—though the expression behind his eyes was… well, John didn’t know what it was. It was definitely not happy. John’s amusement faded, a little, and they stared at each other. And he thought,
.” His eyes danced. “She—“
“Best that I could, anyway.”
“Whoa,” she said, clearly shell-shocked. “I didn’t expect that.” She looked back at Sherlock, across the center consol. “Wow.”
She bent down with a wide, sharp knife and chopped off the guard’s thumb in one quick motion.
“You missed a spot,” he said, from my side.
John gazed over at Sherlock, then. He looked utterly wrecked: his body was slumped in the chair, his face grey, his eyes far, far away.
Sherlock blushed again.
Sherlock stopped turning the wheel.
There was nothing else he could have been doing. His pants were around his ankles he was holding his erect cock in his hand, turned around with the unmistakable deer-in-the headlights look that John had seen in the movies when mothers caught their teenage boys looking at porn. They’d just stared at each other for a split second (felt like an eternity), and John had finally forced out a “What are you… doing?” right as he was putting the scene together in his head and knew
Anna just looked at him.
Eventually Sherlock calmed down enough to open his eyes. He stared at the ceiling breathing hard. The afternoon was gone now and the fire cast a faint orange glow behind the outline of Sherlock’s chest moving up and down. Sherlock turned his head to look at John and John looked back at him.
I should have denied it.
Anna sat cross-legged on the frozen ground, in front of the stone. “Do you think they’ll take it away?” she asked, after a moment.
, thought Sherlock, quickly making a check of the surrounding rooms to be sure. For a family with a three year-old son, there was a suspicious lack of toys in the house. He knew, from visiting John over the past year, how toys accumulated in a house with children.
My mother sighed, and her eyes pitied me. “Then you’ll spend your whole life chasing an impossible dream.”
John wasn’t sure if he’d made sense; not only was he inebriated, but he was rubbish at this stuff, and Sherlock usually took no interest in it, anyway. He shook his head. “I’m sorry, this—I’m past all this, I really am.” He pushed it away in the air. “It’s just this week, you being here… it’s got me remembering.”
Anna had four different daggers stowed carefully underneath a flap on the front of her dress; one was long and thin, almost like a rapier, and it was this one that she shoved through the grate to stick the kneeling guard in the eye the moment he pushed his face against the cold metal. He didn’t even scream as he died.
“It’s lovely, darling,” said Mrs. Hudson, putting an arm around her. “Top marks, I’m sure of it!”
“I’m so—“
“Dead,” John clarified. “Why aren’t I dead? What was the bloody
“As you wish, Mrs. Hudson," he conceded, then dropped his voice low and complained in Anna's ear.
“Mr. Holmes!” reprimanded the teacher. “Those photographs are certainly not alright for little children to see!"
“John. We need Sherlock’s statement. We need him to testify, to say—“
“Anna, listen to me,” Sherlock said, pulling back and holding her tear-streaked face between his hands. She blinked away from John and focused on his face. “We’re going to escape, but to do that I need you to trust me, totally and completely.”
what Mary wanted me to do. She planted the body there, to frighten me, wanted me to go after them—more specifically, after Moriarty. And Mycroft must have wanted the same. He wasn’t using Anna as a weapon, he wasn’t training her to be a spy, he was manipulating her into danger, so that I would have to save her—and destroy Moriarty in the process.”
Lestrade sighed. “Okay.”
It wouldn’t have been a surprise; no man had more control over himself than Sherlock Holmes, and he rarely let go of that control—the only time John had seen it completely gone was when John was being beaten to death and had watched Sherlock sob outside the glass wall. The memory of it came flooding back, and John felt his heart twinge with sorrow. It may have been thirteen years ago, but to John, whose life had not progressed much in that time, it still felt like it was yesterday.
, he decided.
He laughed. “I’m kidding, Sherlock. I can’t either. Maybe in an hour.” He stepped forward and slid his hands up my arms again. Almost against my will, I relaxed into his touch. I stared at his mouth, at the way he was looking at me, and my worries dissipated into thin air. I just wanted him to kiss me. He was leaning in to do just that, when his phone rang.
. As much as it disgusted him, he was in awe of what was happening, of how he’d managed to discover some part of himself that he didn’t know was there. As much as he was ashamed and embarrassed and, above all, scared, he didn’t want to stop it.
Molly held out a petri dish, and Sherlock carefully laid the flesh inside it. His eyes were bright and focused, and there was an energy in his movements that Molly hadn’t seen in many years. “You’re different,” she observed. “More like your old self. It’s nice.” She flushed. “Erm, not like I didn’t like you before—“
She blinked at it. “Well, I suppose that works, too,” she said, aloud.
Sherlock stood smiling still and didn’t move. The sky was getting darker. He smiled wider and then began walking the other way, down the road.
“You’re so... ah.... oh—oh my God—“ His fingers tightened on my arm. They were going to leave bruises, evidence that would last days afterward. “Just like that, yeah, and twist—twist at the top—“ I twisted his foreskin over the head of his cock, ever so slightly, and John moaned. His legs began to shake. “Yeah, ah, oh, Sherlock, I’m gonna—I’m—oh, Sherl—“ His speech dissolved into incoherencies and my hand suddenly slid smooth and slippery over his spasms.
John stilled himself and leaned over Sherlock’s back, reaching to grip the edge of the counter for stability. He leaned as far forward as he could, while still keeping himself inside the man, and whispered, “Let go, Sherlock.” He began to give Sherlock’s cock a few deliberate strokes, and thrust again, speeding up as he continued to whisper, “Let it all go.” He heard Sherlock’s breath increase rapidly. “Please, love. Let go for me.”
Carruthers smiled at him. “Hmmm, is that so? And you know this, how?”
Mycroft had said,
John glared at me, his left hand in a fist at his side and his right brandishing his phone in my face. He was showing me the text message I’d sent him thirty minutes earlier, a lovely up-close image of a particularly nasty batch of rash on my inner ankle with the caption:
“And why is that ‘somewhere’
John nodded solemnly, and I smiled.
like I can. That’s all she really wants, anyway, someone to sit there and listen to what she has to say. Don’t you, Anna?” he asked her, pinching her cheek. “Not unlike someone else I know,” he added, glancing in Sherlock’s direction.
Detective Inspector at Scotland Yard. Lucky for him, he’d gotten away with all of it and grown out of that rebellious phase, straightened up, left all that behind—
“Trust me, Anna,” pushed Mycroft, “you will be good at this. No, you will be better than good. You will be brilliant." And Anna, who had never really felt like she was brilliant at anything before, felt a spark of desire to say “yes.”
And that was it. Something about her sweet, innocent mouth uttering such a filthy word unraveled something inside him. Sherlock suddenly needed her, needed to feel her tight, wet cunt enveloping his cock, needed that warmth of their bodies together, needed it
John started over to grab his coat, when suddenly Mary was standing in front of him with her arms crossed. “You’re not going
John stopped struggling and glared at him through lustful eyes.
“John—“
be John.” Sherlock and John both looked silly with embarrassment, and Molly laughed. “Well, come and sit, all of you. Let’s enjoy this Christmas morning.”
, the baby
“I’m sorry, mate.” He heard Lestrade’s voice close and quiet in his ear, felt him put a hand on his arm.
The dream had been inspired, if he did say so himself. It had been too easy; if John had actually thought about it, even a little, he’d have known that Sherlock was faking. His skin wasn’t covered in nearly enough perspiration for a night terror. His voice should have been much less intelligible. And, though Sherlock had shown John an extremely vulnerable side of himself those few weeks ago (he shuddered at the memory), John should have known that he would not be eager to repeat it. Even if Sherlock had
“You’ve been so scared that emotions would do this to you. That’s why you avoided them for so long. But you’re overreacting, Sherlock. I’m sorry, but you are.”
Sherlock cleared his throat. “It’s actually great timing that you’re back now—I have a rather, uh, urgent case at the moment, and John, I was wondering if you had time to, erm, consult with me for a minute or two…”
