“They don’t wonder why you’re not married, or don’t have kids?”
Cas chuckles under his breath.
He pulled away to lay his head beside Cas’s, his hand resting on his chest and playing with the blanket. “How are you feeling? It looks like you’re hurting more today.”
“They’ve started already,” Castiel said dryly, shutting the door behind them.
“Dean-”
“Well, consider me properly warned.”
When the Beta gestured for him to come forward, Dean swallowed past his nervousness and hesitantly stepped forward. The Beta held the door open for him and, while he didn’t like a stranger at his back, Dean felt it necessary to comply for now. He quickly stepped inside and immediately felt warmer, though it didn’t stop his shivering. The door closed behind and he cast a quick glance, seeing the Beta had followed him in and was leaning against the wall casually.
“You haven’t thought about the entire reason for us hanging out tonight?”
“If I groped you right now would you even notice?”
“Cas? I’m home!”
He pulled back to look at him, his eyes so blue and so intense that Dean was actually intimidated by them. He wasn’t looking at Dean’s eyes though, but slightly lower, and it may have been Dean’s fogginess that made him imagine Castiel leaning forward before catching himself and pressing the kiss to his cheek.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean-”
“I...there’s...
For his part, Dean never participated in these study sessions. Any time Sam thought he had a lead, Dean stayed behind. He wandered the empty hallways, blank eyes sliding past the doors and the cinderblocks. Sam, kind Sammy, never pushed. He always offered for Dean to come with him and Jack, and Dean always said no. And Sammy always understood. He had accepted that Dean didn’t have any fight left him. His big brother had given up.
“Right.” Dean pressed his tongue to the back of his teeth, looking down at his soda. “And Cas, he-”
Dean raised his eyebrows at her.
"Why?" Dean hisses, sucking in a sharp breath in his second attempt to stand.
“I wasn’t,” Dean said carefully, an edge to his voice.
People went to and from the porch to see and speak to Castiel, Kali being the only other one of them who smoked cigarettes and had any real reason to. They all seemed to understand, and none of them lingered too long. Dean smiled to himself as he discarded of the plastic tablecloth and disinfected the table beneath.
“You’ll find all the technical information here, and everything we discussed,” Castiel explained, pointing to the top sheet with the pen. “Please read over everything. Go slow, take your time. If there are any inconsistencies or inaccuracies, bring them to my attention so they can be remedied. Initial each page, and sign the last one. These,” he grabbed the other stack of papers, “are your copies of both of our lab work, our rules, kinks, etcetera. They’re for you to keep.”
"I take it we're not here for the relaxed seating." Charlie teases, rapping her knuckles against the metal of the bleachers.
“Do you need a spanking, boy?” Castiel growled into his ear, massaging the cheek with his other hand.
She shrugged and gave him a small smile. “I'm okay, Papa. Can I go play now?”
This was the typical night at the diner. They had their regulars, but every once in awhile they were lucky enough to welcome in a few that were just stopping in while they waited for Bobby or Ash to fix whatever was wrong with their cars. Most of them were out-of-towners, unfortunate enough to have had old faithful finally give out shortly after crossing the border into South Dakota. While Sioux Falls wasn’t a small town, Singer’s still managed to go largely unknown, despite Ash’s insistence on making them a Facebook page to promote themselves. Bobby wouldn’t hear of it.
“Yes,” Dean moaned out and arched again, his head thrown back as that long finger pressed against
“Dean.”
, you’re so sensitive,” Cas marveled, squeezing and rubbing Dean’s ass as he caught his breath again. “You’d think I hadn’t touched you in months.”
“Do you have any questions for me?” Castiel asked finally. Dean slid his hand up to Castiel’s chest, clutching at his shirt.
twitch in his pants. He puts it on heavy, hanging his head, voice cracking. “If that’s what you think I deserve, daddy.”
“The fact that I’m a guy.”
"You're really not going to say anything? Seriously?"
“Mama Missouri knows everything. Now. Come talk to me. And as soon as that baby gets his belly full, you hand him over to me. Ain’t seen him in over a week.”
There was a pause at the other end, then: “I’ll see what I can do. Worst case scenario we will just have to drive, if you truly don’t want to fly...but that will prolong our trip by at least a day. I
Dean sighed and rolled up his jeans, kicking off his shoes and taking the seat beside Cas, slowly lowering his feet into the surprisingly warm water. Castiel took a long drag off the joint and passed it to Dean, scrubbing a hand over his mouth and looking up at the night sky.
"I...okay. Yeah, okay." Dean pulls his head slightly to the side, then stands, offering a hand to Cas. Cas reluctantly reaches out to take it, and Charlie and Dean haul him to his feet. She snakes an arm around his waist and he leans heavily onto her, arms thrown around her neck.
Dean drums his knuckles as he looks around the small diner. When Kim had taken over the place, she had saved her pennies and had eventually done a complete overhaul of the old, broken and stained interior. Gone was the dingy carpet, the brown walls, the rickety tables. She replaced it all with a retro 50s look; red and white being the dominant colors, with a mural of old cars covering the wall. She had even put in a small bar with gourmet sodas. Dean was just happy the food hadn’t changed.
-------
John blanched and dropped Dean’s arm, watching his son storm through the door. Dean threw his bag into the Impala and started her up, only sparing John a hard glance before he peeled out of the driveway and down the road.
She shrugged and ate a bite of fish. “Sure. Like how Alicia stays here with me sometimes?”
Dean hears Cas's pants unzipping and the sound of the jeans hitting the floor behind him, and he wants nothing more than to turn to see Cas,
Dean flounders. “What problems?”
“Are not,” Dean grumbled, rubbing at his eyes. Cas just looked at him and Dean sighed. “Just...dunno. Can’t get comfortable. Too hot. Don’t wanna squish the pup-”
“Oh, yeah?” Dean grabbed his arm and started maneuvering him toward the door. “If not me, then who? Who else is gonna be there to take care of you-”
They sat in silence for a moment, watching each other, until Dean hummed to himself. “You’re a handsome one,” he murmured, scratching at his cheek. “Never seen one so dark.” True enough. This Alpha was almost all black, save for a few grays on his muzzle. His fur looked surprisingly soft, and thick, warm. “Big, too...you could snap me in two.”
“It’s fine, Dean,” Sam shrugged, sitting down to a bowl of parfait. “Honestly, I’d rather go help then sit and wonder if they made it out okay, you know? Four hunters is better than two. Besides, it’s not exactly my first nest.”
Dean raised his eyebrows and nodded. “Okay.” He grinned. “I think I’m gonna like this.”
Castiel led him back into the sitting room after lunch, sitting down with his laptop this time and giving Dean a pillow to lay out beside him since his lap was occupied.
ALSO! This chapter takes place IN the Omega ring. CONTENT WARNING for rape- not in gratuitous detail, but there, all the same.
“Please, hear me out,” Dean says, taking a step towards the table where he’s laid out a feast of grease and fat. “Fried pickle chip? Best in the state.”
And suddenly it all made sense. Castiel had chosen him for a reason that Dean could never figure out. He’d said he needed Dean similarly to how Dean needed him, but he never elaborated. This was it.
“You never complained about that dungeon before…”
No answer. Dean frowned and walked down the hall towards his room, banging absently on the wall a few times as he passed the bathroom. He ducked his head into Sam’s room, finding it empty, and pushed his own door open with a huff.
“You just
Dean said nothing, so she kept talking.
“Are you turning this into something inappropriate?”
I promise the next update for this story will be an actual chapter, and not just my ranting nonsense. :)
Dean scrubbed his hands down his face and kicked the box back under his bed, flopping down on the mattress. He heard the door to Sam’s room close and he sighed. He hadn’t meant to be that harsh with him, but he also didn’t expect to come home to find him in his room with literally the one thing he hadn’t ever wanted him to see.
Charlie’s already been kind of...
“Thanks for the help, cher,” Benny said as he clapped Dean on the back. “I'll see what work I can scrounge up for ya. I'll be in touch.” He waved and took off back up the hill in the direction of Alpha’s cabin.
So he would leave. And this time he wouldn’t come back.
Dean shakes his head. "You're only in eighth grade, dude. Too young to be having sex."
“Dean, this is hardly the place for a wedding.”
“Eyes on me,” Castiel frowned down at him. “If I have to tell you again, I’ll have to punish you.”
“Working all week, huh?” he said softly, scrubbing a hand down his face.
“Guess so,” he mumbled modestly. “I mean, our dad isn’t a bad dad, he just...well. He wasn’t around a lot and, uh, when he came home from work he usually ended up passing out on the couch with a beer in his hand. Without mom around, I had to just pick up the slack.” He rubbed at the back of his neck. “It’s...it’s better now. Sammy’s older and he’s learning to do things for himself now. And my dad...he’s good too. Better, anyway.”
Dean whined when Castiel pulled away, withdrawing his fingers.
Garth cleared his throat anxiously and crossed one leg over the over, clasping his hands together over his knee. “Have you ever had an Alpha, Dean?”
Please take note of tags.
“I...haven’t heard a thing about you,” Dean raised a brow.
daughter. You’re already a great mom, Dean.”
“Ever eager,” Castiel said, with the slightest hint of amusement in his voice. “Soon, sweet boy, but not today. Today is about establishing a connection and making you feel comfortable with me. By the end of today, I expect you to fully understand the sincerity and intensity of this relationship and the lengths I would go for you.”
Cas shrugs and lets his arms drop to his sides, the sleeves of his oversized sweater falling over his hands. He’d lost a lot of weight again in such a short period of time, but Dean tries not to notice that, and instead focus on the glow that’s returned to his cheeks just since they’d left the diner.
It had become a nightly routine, and Dean hadn't been able to build up any sort of resistance to the black-haired, blue-eyed boy. The boy who wore smudged black eyeliner, whose hair stood spiked insanely all over his head. The boy who has more tattoos than your average biker, a plethora of shiny metal through various areas of skin, a serious nicotine addiction, and a few stints in juvie under his belt. The boy who causes parents to clutch their children to them a little tighter when they pass him on the street, who causes the elderly to feel the need to "pray for him", who blares Green Day way too loud and says "fuck" a little too often.
The wolf cocked his head again, this time in the other direction, and Dean let out a laugh. He shuffled a little closer, sniffing the air and looking back toward the camp. It was much colder than it was when Dean ventured out, and not even much time had passed. He’d known it was going to be a rough winter, even prepared himself for it before the idea of finding this compound became anywhere close to a reality. People here seemed decently well prepared for it too, but there was only so much that could be done when Dean made the conscious decision to be out in the heart of one of the storms when he could be in his warm cabin under all the blankets he still had stockpiled from his heat.
Dean glances around as Cas works his shoe on, eyeing the empty beer cans, the layer of cigarette ash that seemed to coat every surface, the piles of sketchbooks and crumpled up paper. Dean wonders if the mess is just out of laziness or another sign of Cas’s mental demons. He has the itch to clean it. Not because he’s a clean freak, but because surrounding Cas in a cleaner environment might help him.
“Stop!” Sam batted his hand away, brow furrowed in a frown. “I mean it. I’m not a little kid anymore, so
Dean wants to say something, but all he manages is a small cough. Even if he wants to say no for the sake of his beloved car’s interior, he can’t deny that the idea of being fucked right there in his backseat makes him hard. He shifts uncomfortably in his seat, cutting his eyes briefly over at Cas.
Dean just shrugged modestly and watched Castiel dip Lailah’s toes into the water, still rubbing her back as he waded further in. He stopped when the water reached her waist and spun in slow circles, then faster, making her giggle and kick at the water with her feet.
Dean huffed, finally looking up at him. “No.”
“So sleep here,” Rory mumbled, tugging at his arms to pull him into her bed. Dean smiled and leaned down, kissing her cheek.
he was going to tell Castiel about the things his prepubescent mind had conjured up about him, even if they were likely mild compared to what Castiel had in store for him now.
“Uh, they’re hot,” Dean said as if it was the most obvious thing in the world, even rolling his eyes. “You got the whole smoldering nerd thing goin’ on. Complete that with a whip, which I’m sure you have, and you’re the ultimate wet dream.”
“No,” both Dean and John spoke. Dean chuckled when Ash sulkily took his piece of cake and wandered off.
He’s already moaning and slightly canting his hips upward when his consciousness slowly surfaces, and he blinks once, immediately squeezing his eyes shut against the bright light flooding through the large glass doors, which he curses himself for not pulling the curtains in front of last night before bed. He reaches out blindly and feels soft sheets with a very conspicuous lump moving under them, and he’s about to open his mouth to say something snarky when the hand on his cock is replaced by a warm, wet mouth.
He was still in the same position when he woke an indeterminate amount of time later, Castiel’s papers abandoned as he instead watched whatever was on tv now. He looked down when Dean stirred and smiled, stroking his cheek with a thumb.
“I just cleaned in here last week-“
He looked in the fridge for no other reason than to give his hands something to do. There wasn’t much. Beer, sandwich meat, a salad, and leftover pizza.
Cas blushes and shrugs modestly, leaning into Dean with his grin still in place. Dean points to the screen and squeezes Cas’s shoulder. “See, others will see this and you’ll start getting a reputation. Just wait, you’ll have your stuff in National Geographic by this time next year.”
“And I thought-“
,” she recited dutifully, rolling her eyes. “I know.”
, Lise."
Cas reaches down and slides both of his hands up Dean's thighs and around to his ass, the mixed come leaving a thick trail everywhere Cas's hands touched. He spreads their spend on Dean's thighs, his ass, and partway up his back as he draws Dean up to him and gives his shoulder a small bite, then kisses it.
“The bunker has
Dean closed his eyes and inhaled slowly, trying to decide if he was frustrated or touched by Castiel’s thoughtfulness. It made sense and it showed Castiel actually cared, but it didn’t his current situation. Being which he
We know there are still many questions to be answered, which is why this fic will have a sequel! Thank you to everyone who followed this story for the inspiration. You helped us fall in love with our story over and over again. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
“Watch that mouth, sweet boy,” Castiel said, “...if you want to come later.”
“Yes, very good,” Cas murmured thoughtfully as he took a seat at the table, content to watch Dean flutter around the kitchen. “Though I suppose the feeling will disappear once you’ve removed my grace.”
Castiel quirked a smile that was gone just as quickly. “How have you been this week, Dean?”
Cas didn’t miss a beat, pushing himself up on all fours and taking his rightful place behind his Omega. He lined himself up and paused, running his calloused hands up Dean’s backside, along his back, and finally hooking them over Dean’s shoulders as he fully sheathed himself with a throaty growl.
Dean raises his eyebrows. “This is yours?”
Dean swallowed the last of his eggs, his eyes darting around nervously. This pup was by herself, with no Omega in sight. Maybe she thought Dean could be her Omega for the day. Which was so not happening. He hoped this wasn’t Castiel’s idea, because Dean was by no means ready to start looking after pups.
“Look, hun,” she started patiently. “You’ve already told your dad and brother that you’re going to be gone for a week. We’re here, we’re checked in, he’s on his way. There’s really no backing out of this now.”
“Ah, yeah…just like that,” Dean whispered, massaging his husband’s ass. “Nice and slippery for me.”
“Yeah,” Dean murmured, sliding off the bed. “Yeah. I just, um, gotta…” he looked nervously around the room, mind blanking.
Donna gave a bright smile. “Righty-o! Let’s go then. We’ll start at the beginning.”
Dean feels his face heat up. “
Dean gripped Cas’s wrists as he felt himself be filled, one hand sliding up to fist into Cas’s hair and pull him in for a sloppy kiss, all tongues and teeth. Dean tried not to be too proud of the fact that Cas was panting roughly into his mouth, barely in control of himself.
"Bathroom."
“I...honestly have no idea,” Dean said sincerely. “I don’t have a food fetish or anything. I just...liked it.”
Castiel’s frown deepened, like that question had the most obvious answer in the world, like he couldn’t understand why Dean would even question it.
“Fuck off,” Cas growls, sending Arthur a glare that has Dean shivering with slight arousal. He recalls that night in his bedroom, what Cas growled into his ear.
Dean chuckles. “I think you two could be besties.”
“Yes,” Cas admitted, gently moving to the end of the futon and draping Dean’s legs over his lap. “But those Omegas are not my mates.” He slid a hand up Dean’s thigh and around his hip, finally letting it come to rest on his stomach again. “Being able to watch you, see every miniscule change your body makes with my own eyes...that’s pretty fascinating. Incredibly so, actually.”
This particular "adventure" was a trip to the Babers Bee Company in Georgetown, almost an hour drive from their home. At the time, it felt like a long enough journey to be considered an actual vacation.  Of course, the farm was nothing like 4-year-old Castiel had imagined. It was simply large fields of smallish white boxes. He tried and failed to hide his disappointment at the lack of large braying farm animals, but Naomi had just laughed, squeezing his hand as she led him inside the main house.
hasn’t come and he’s been waiting all damn week for some release. Castiel gave him specific instructions that had prohibited him from masturbating and for an 18-year-old boy with the best porn material anyone could ask for, that was asking a lot. Just thinking of Castiel could get Dean squirming and cause all sorts of embarrassing problems, namely the big bulge in his pants he wasn’t allowed to fix.
“You know that stuff’s illegal, sir.”
“Ooh, I brought Cards Against Humanity,” Michael said with a grin, and Anael snorted.
Dean grinned and let Castiel’s leg go. He watched him stand and disappear briefly into a small bathroom, coming out seconds later with a damp washcloth. Castiel sat and patted his thigh, Dean settling back on it and stretching out.
Castiel opened his mouth to argue, but gave up and sighed. They hadn’t actually done kitchen sex yet, so Dean had a point.
Cas thrust slowly, the pressure heavy against his hole, then the head pushes past Dean's tight ring of pink muscle, and he screams again, his voice breaking. Cas is
“Alright, so...we got leftover pizza, I can make you breakfast- ooh, waffles, or eggs, bacon…” Dean rifled through the fridge. “Some of Sam’s salad crap in here...I think I’ve got burger stuff…”
"But not enough."
“And full of weapons and there’s a dungeon downstairs.”
, in general. But once I found out about your mother...I knew that wasn't my place. None of that was my place to tell you.”
Anael waved her hand. “Sorry. And we just all join in after him. Cas and I just splashed around at the shore, since I couldn’t swim well yet. He wouldn’t let me go any further.” She pretended to pout and nudged Castiel’s leg with her knee.
“Mama? Papa?”
“Are you sure?” Dean murmured and looked down at himself as if it’d be written out across his shirt. Not that he could read it if it was.
When Dean was next aware of anything, he was being shaken awake by Missouri. Dean blinked and straightened, yawning widely. He had no idea when he dozed off, but the sky outside was darkening.
Dean looks at her out of the corner of his eye to find she has an interested brow quirked. She turns almost all the way to him in her seat, lowering her voice.
Rory clicked her tongue. “I’ll never understand you adults.”
“Just didn't want her to, you know,” he blushed slightly and looked down as he fastened the last button.
each time he said it. He slipped his hands underneath Cas’s shirt and shoved it up, showing off chest and tattoo, stomach and hip bones...all of which Dean really wanted to bite down on.
Dean quirked a smile and nodded, sort of enjoying seeing Cas at a loss for words. “Yeah...um, she said ‘me and papa’.”
Cas froze along with Dean, though their looks were vastly different. Dean looked baffled, because of all the things he expected Satan to say, it wasn’t that. Castiel looked stricken and wished, prayed, that the Devil would die faster.
He cries again, on the verge of a sob.
For awhile the only thing that fill the silence is the rumble of the engine and the roar of tires against asphalt. Dean wants to turn on the radio but the atmosphere is so tense that it just doesn't seem right to, like it would be somehow diminishing Lisa's feelings and despite everything, he didn't want to do that. So they sit in silence until Lisa's sigh brings him back to the present, his throat going dry.
Sam stared at his brother for a moment then turned to leave, pausing when Dean called out a soft “wait”. He looked back just as Dean paused the movie and gestured for him to come closer.
“I'm pretty proud,” she said, smiling up at Dean as he brought them both cups of tea and sat them on the table.
not embarrassed by you. I’m actually really proud of you. You had the courage to go out and do what you wanted to do. Not a lot of people can do that.”
you to replace them.” He looked down and shrugged shyly. “Not sayin’ this first time is gonna be easy for me, cause I don’t know. And your patience might be worn thin by the end of it, but I want to move on now. He’s dead… he’s gone. He can’t hurt me or any other Omega anymore.”
“It’s that bad?”
"This is more than that. I'm not fucking stupid."
The smell of burning hair brings Cas back to the present. He opens his eyes to a beautiful blue sky and looks down. The grass below him is littered with black:  the bodies of his brothers and sisters, scattered all around him. Empty black holes stare back at him where their eyes used to be, their clothes singed and large black wing prints charred into the ground, destroying the perfect green of the grass.
possible to annoy someone into liking you.” He chuckled. “Huh. Who knew?”
"I...I mean, I don't..." Dean stutters, not sure what to say.
Cas’s brows were furrowed again when he did look back up. “Don’t be. It was part of the human experience. I’m glad I witnessed it.”
He said nothing as Castiel got up and started putting on clothes, all but zoned out until Castiel tapped him on the foot.
Cas takes the camera and tries to hold back a smile, failing miserably. He looks at the picture for a long time, then back up at Dean, giving him a nod.
“I haven’t planned a scene, Dean, I-”
“I know you want him here!” she blurted, and an uncomfortable silence fell over the room when Castiel didn’t respond immediately. “You can act mad about it all you want, but I know you want him here, and I know him being here will make things easier for you. So be mad at me all you want, but don’t take it out on
,” Dean’s legs shook, and if it weren’t for Castiel’s arms holding him up, he’d collapse to the floor. “Yes, daddy,
Dean opens his mouth and hesitates, furrowing his brow. “Oh. Um. Well...yeah, I guess I...didn’t really think that one through.”
Castiel pulled away, still holding tightly to the rope as he leaned down to untie the ones binding Dean’s ankles to the wooden structure. He held Dean tightly against his body when he stood again, supporting his full weight as he finally released the rope he was holding. He pulled it through the hoops and let it fall to the floor as he lifted Dean into his arms and carried him to the bed.
Dean stares at him expectantly, tilting his head slightly. “But?”
“Exactly. Which is why you’ll leave, too. You’ll want things I can no longer give you. Marriage, a family...all the things that come with that. But please don’t mistake my resignation for regret.” Castiel laid his hand over Dean’s, dipping his head to catch his gaze. “I’m okay, sweet boy. I have all I need by giving you what you need.” He sighed. “Yulia leaving wasn’t a bad thing. It was a
He shook his head and rubbed furiously at his watery eyes. “I-I don't...know exactly. Um,” he furrowed his brow and thought hard. He’d worked to block out the memories for so long it was difficult to dig them back up. “Maybe...a year….or less, after my first heat…” Dean pressed on his belly despite the tenderness. That night had been a nightmare, but it was nothing compared to the following weeks.
Dean snorted and stood, walking over and enveloping Missouri in a hug. “Thank you. I wouldn’t be where I am without you.”
Dean slides out of the chair and ducks through the crowd, no one really paying attention to him scurrying out of the gym with his shoulders hunched over to hide his blatant erection. His cheeks are flushed a bright red; he can feel them burning as he rushes by several of his classmates. He sees a flash of red as he passes Charlie, and she looks up in time to see him enter the bathroom. He leans against the door as he pants slightly, catching his blushing reflection and tented pants in the mirror. He curses himself under his breath.
When they start to move Dean grips tightly to his armrests, and Cas folds a hand over one of his, the other still gently massaging his head. The takeoff is blessedly tame, especially compared to some of the other times he's flown, and he's finally able to relax marginally after about twenty minutes, when they're in the air and the plane has leveled out again.
“Maybe.”
“It sounds like a sad existence, Cas,” Dean said softly.
Dean gripped the headboard tightly and watched with wide eyes as Castiel lowered his head, tongue darting out to tease a nipple. Dean hissed and arched, then let out a filthy groan when Castiel reached down to grip his cock.
“Where, uh...where are Hannah and Kali? All the kids?” Castiel asked out of the blue, halting the rest of the conversation. It was obvious by him speaking so randomly in the middle of one of Michael’s stories that he wasn’t paying attention, and he still didn’t seem to pick up on the fact that he’d interrupted anyone, either.
Cas feels bile rise in his throat as he imagines the first time she held his wrists, crying empty tears as the man took what he wanted, as he always did. He remembers the blinding pain, the blood, the tears that stained his face until no more would come. He remembers her whispering to him, telling him that everything was going to be okay, when nothing was. And he remembers the silence that followed.
Dean cleared his throat and sat down at the table beside Cas, his hands splayed across the worn wood as he thought. “I...um, well,” he glanced at Cas then Rory, “I have...some things I need to work through. There are, um, factors involved. With mating. That I may or may not be able to...do. But it’s something we would both like to do, in time.”
Next, I know the whole orgy thing can be sensitive for some people. For some of you, you've been here since the beginning and have developed a certain amount of trust in us. For some, you're wary. I get it. Because of this, I will put a note at the beginning of the chapter to CHECK FOR NOTES AT THE END OF THE CHAPTER if you want to see the content warnings. If you don't want to be spoiled, you can ignore the note completely. :)
Cas took a deep breath and let it out, fingers pressing lightly into Dean’s thighs as he pushed forward again, sliding a few more inches inside. He paused, closing his eyes and gritting his teeth, then let out another breath. He slid a hand around to Dean’s stomach and rested it there, looking up at Dean through his lashes.
Cas grins and picks up the laptop, typing something into the search bar and turning Dean to show him pictures of Glacier National Park, tapping on the screen.
“They’re really fucking good, Cas,” Dean says sincerely, glancing up at him. Cas isn’t looking at him, a clenched fist resting on the table. “Dunno why you’re so weird about me seein’ them.”
Dean shook his head. “No...I don’t really know much about it. Just that it was something Alphas and Omegas did.”
“I find it fascinating and...disconcerting,” Cas tilted his head. “When I was human, it took exhaustion for me to finally sleep. I was terrified of it, but after a while I found it very...well…”
“Yes,” Cas sighed, eyes downturned, looking like his usual tired self. “I don’t want to leave for too long, but if we are to ever find this camp…” Cas bit his lip. “I’m afraid I’ll eventually have to take longer trips so we can cover real ground. We may even have to get help from Sam’s pack. He’s certainly offered it.”
Dean groans, rebracing himself against the dresser despite his shaking legs. Dean revels over how incredible it is that Cas has made him feel like this without even touching his dick, but then, he supposes that Cas has had plenty of experience. Dean wants to reciprocate, wants to impress Cas, but he's so fucking lost to him at the moment he can't think of anything. Then it hits him...perhaps no one has ever had the audacity to do anything
Cas has abandoned his coffee in favor of packing Dean’s bag for him- if that’s what one would call it. He’s just throwing stuff inside without giving really any mind to what’s going in, Dean’s large suitcase unzipped in the middle of the bed with clothes hanging out from all sides.
Thank you all so much!
“See, now...that’s kinda weird, that I reminded you of him and now...we-”
“Boy, you’re not goin’-“
“It’s not his fault,” Dean said quickly, his hands twitching. “It’s just how dad did things. And he’s not
, she'd been so quiet Dean had actually almost forgotten she was there. Not that Rory wanted to be anywhere but with Dean lately anyway, the idea of her presentation keeping her on edge, even while not
“Worried daddy might get mad?” Cas taunts, crossing his arms and leaning back in his seat.
Dean huffed and pointedly looked away. Of course, Cas more than understood why Dean was so paranoid about this pregnancy, and he’d been doing everything in his power to help him feel more at ease. And similarly, Dean understood that Cas had his own issues about it, though he was a lot less vocal and probably didn’t talk about it as much as he should. He knew that Cas was still going to see Garth, like he’d always done, and in fact, Dean did notice that he’d been going with more regularity since he’d told him about the pregnancy. But when it came to talking to Dean about it, Cas was a very formal, all-facts mate, because his main concern had always been- and will continue to be- Dean. It worried Dean that he seemed to keep a lot of his own fears at bay just for his sake.
“I love you.”
“No,” Sam huffed. “He only lied when it was to his advantage. He was dead and he knew it. So why not spill Cas’s big secret? He knew you’d react this way. It was to hurt Cas, not you.”
the Roadhouse,” Sam huffed. “And so do you.”
Dean clenched his jaw and buried that line of thought. They’d barely begun. There was plenty of time to get to know Castiel. Perhaps if he showed him how good a Sub he was, Castiel would start to lower his guard.
Castiel gave a brief smile before furrowing his brow and groaning, holding his hands over his face and rolling to his back. “Fuck.”
He takes his time applying it, trying to ignore Cas's very intentional stretching and sighing, which is something Dean should have anticipated but definitely isn't complaining about. Cas takes the bottle from him and indicates for him to flip over, generously applying some to him too, and Dean's actually a little grateful that there are other people and a kid present because Cas definitely seems interested in a round two sooner rather than later.
angry with him. It seemed easier to fabricate an indeterminable story about falling down the stadium steps as he was training one day after school.
Dean laid fingers gently over Castiel’s lips for a second, replacing them with his own lips.
Dean sighed deeply and leaning into Cas’s hand without realizing what he was doing. Cas put too much on him, thought too much of him. Dean didn’t think he’d ever be confident in making Alpha happy, truly happy. He was selfish, though, craving that attention more than anything else.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean grumped, sitting down next to Rory. “So, when we startin’ book number two?”
Dean hung his head another few seconds before finally looking back up at Castiel, raising an eyebrow.
“He will wake us when he’s hungry,” Cas said calmly as he crossed back over to him, slipping his shirt over his head and dropping it to the floor. He sat back down, pulling Dean up and onto him, gripping his hips as Dean settled into his lap. Dean raised a brow.
“I would love to,” he said finally, sliding down to grip the back of Dean’s neck and squeeze. “But for the record, I
Cas smiled wryly and shrugged. “Removing grace is rather like taking a very hard punch to the gut. Having the air sucked out of your lungs.”
“What’s the rest?” Dean asked, forcing his heavy eyelids open to look up at Castiel.
Cas walks in like he owns the place and a bored-looking cashier looks up from his magazine, calling out a ‘hey, Cas’ before looking down again. Dean tries not to think too much about how the employee knows Cas by name and follows the boy towards a back corner where a truly embarrassing amount of dildos and vibrators are displayed.
This chapter gets into some very personal and horrific details, so this is your CW/TW for:
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean looked up and kissed Castiel on the cheek, wishing it was his lips instead. Castiel merely leaned into it.
“I’m an Alpha too.”
"No. I..." he huffed a sigh, "I'm just not an entirely shitty human being, okay?"
Dean picks at a nail, his senses tinged with blue. Everything sparkling, electric blue.
“I dunno,” Dean shrugged, playing with a fry. “I don’t think he likes people. Doesn’t want them in his house.”
Ayeee remember when you had sex for the first time and were doing it, like, all the time?
"Ah. What else did Charlie tell you?" His voice is flat and sincere.
Castiel never stopped moving, thrusting through his own orgasm until they became lazy and slow. He pulled back only enough to crush their lips together again, slipping his tongue inside and moving it in time with his hips. Dean felt so impossibly full, so sated and safe. He wound his arms around Castiel’s neck and panted against his lips as Castiel whispered to him, repeating the same thing over and over again like a mantra.
"Heya, Benny. You're lookin' good, man."
Dean snorted, the backs of his ears heating as he felt everyone’s anticipatory eyes on him. He slowly shimmied the top off the box, finding two brand new keys on a keyring, laying on top of practically balled up tissue paper. Keys that looked like his dad’s. The
Lisa smirks and cocks her own eyebrow, maintaining eye contact with Dean as she pushes out her chair and heads to the dance floor. He watches as she makes her way to Ruby and they begin to dance, their friend Hannah joining them, her conservative purple dress darkly contrasted against Ruby's red and Lisa's yellow. After a few minutes of innocent dancing, Dean sees Lisa's slender fingers graze Ruby's arm and trail gently down the front of her dress, ghosting over the girl's exposed thigh. In response, Ruby gives Lisa a wicked smile and drapes an arm around her waist, pulling her close enough that Dean's sure Lisa is all but straddling Ruby's thigh under the folds of her dress.
“I don’t deserve you.”
Cas shrugs.
Cas finally pulled away after several minutes of increasing desperation, pressing their foreheads together as he looked down between them.
“Maybe Gadreel was just a convenient excuse.”
“Hiya!”
Cas is holding a framed picture of a snowy mountain pass in the distance and him standing in the forefront, albeit turned the opposite direction, with his head back and his arms out by his sides. Dean glances up at him momentarily to, of course, find him blushing, but his eyes are immediately drawn back down to the photo.
Cas loops his arm around Dean and pulls him close, laying his head on his shoulder. He reaches up and cards his fingers through Dean's hair, leaning up to press a kiss to his cheek.
“You did beautifully, Dean,” Cas’s voice rumbled as he leaned down to lick leisurely at the mess on Dean’s belly. Dean blushed and bit his lip, watching Cas with hooded eyes.
“You enjoyed your breakfast,” Castiel murmured, not really phrasing it as a question but looking at Dean expectantly, raising a brow.
None of that helped with Castiel, though, who still didn’t know he was going to be here. Anael had picked Dean up just before sunrise from Charlie’s and they drove the four hours to Cedar Bluff, checking into a small but clean motel just off the lake until their lakehouse check-in later that day. If Dean knew Castiel, and he felt like he did, the man was going to react one of two ways: either with outright anger, or broody quietness. Both of which Dean absolutely hated.
“We can bring him back, Dean. We can find a way.”
Cas purses his lips and tries again, his hand sliding down to tease Dean’s nipple that he knows is incredibly sensitive, but Dean growls softly and pulls away.
Cas scoffs and they both finish their burgers, scraping up the last of the fries before Cas walks to the counter to pay. The drive back to Cas’s is mostly silent, each lost in their own thoughts. When Dean pulls into a parking space, he hesitates to cut the engine, not knowing if Cas wants him to come up or not.
She nodded and pressed her lips together, standing and taking Dean’s hand and pulling him out with her. Castiel wasn’t on the porch and they didn’t see anyone in their immediate vision either, so Anael looped her arm through his and they stepped down off the porch to walk through one of the dirt paths.
“Yes, you mentioned you helped raise your little brother,” Naomi tilted her head and Dean was starkly reminded of Castiel. “Sounds like you do a lot for him.”
“Are you sure?”
Dean notices a few other things, too. Like Cas’s red nose, the sniffling and shaking, and the tired bags under his eyes. Dean pushes off the counter, ready to comfort and feed and protect, but stops himself. Cas had chosen this. He’d left Dean knowing full well that winter months would be hard without Dean’s help, and had still left anyway.
Charlie spins around, her face still twisted in anger before turning to genuine concern. She tosses one more look at Fergus before striding over to the two of them, her long cardigan blowing behind her.
The leftovers are lasagna that are sure to be from Charlie's mom, because the extent of Charlie's cooking doesn't go much further than a simple PB&J. Not that Cas is complaining; he loves a good PB&J. But when he and Charlie spend time together, he's usually the one doing the cooking. He's not half bad at it, either, when he has the patience for it and more importantly, the money for quality ingredients.
Lastly, you may have noticed I'm not replying to as many comments anymore. I wish I could, but lately I just haven't had the time. Know that your comments are so so appreciated!
“No,” Castiel said firmly, cupping the sides of Dean’s face and tilting his head up to look him in the eye. “Nothing is worth your discomfort. I would never expect you to do something you didn’t like. Something went wrong...I did something wrong. I’ll figure it out and it will never happen again, okay?”
“Yes, Cas?” Dean kissed a cheek then bit down gently, soothing it over with his tongue. Castiel shuddered and bit his bottom lip, refusing to beg.
Dean frowned, taking another sip of his coffee and tapping his finger against the side of the mug. It sounded like Cas would be here for a while longer. And when he
Hey everyone! Sorry it's been awhile since the last update, and even more sorry Lauren and I didn't get the chance to talk with you guys this weekend! Hopefully we'll be seeing each other again soon, and I'd love to set something up then. If you're interested in talking with us in general, about our stories, if you have questions, etc, please let us know in a comment which method of communication you would prefer. Is Facebook preferable, or Discord? GroupMe? Twitter DMs?
“And it’s been almost a week,” Dean said, glancing down at Cas through his eyelashes. Castiel frowned thoughtfully, grazing his teeth over his bottom lip.
“The state of my well-being?” Dean said somewhat defensively, raising a brow.
exactly, being that the Alpha couldn't give him any more than he already was.
Castiel exhaled on a huffed laugh and ran a hand through his hair. He glanced up at Dean and patted the spot next to him.
“I’m sure, Cas,” he said firmly. “Look, I’m...I’m always gonna have these scars. I’ll probably never like my body because of them. But the memories...I can control that. And I don’t want them anymore. You can replace them. I
“Yes,” Cas nodded, lips twitching.
, assumed-knew-that he’d die hunting. Guns blazing, facing the next big bad.
Dean woke later to the sound of his phone buzzing on the nightstand. He flopped over quickly and reached for it, wincing slightly at his sore muscles. He swiped at the screen a few times and held it to his ear, his voice groggy with sleep when he answered.
Dean looked over at Benny and took in the sight of the Beta for the first time. Of course he knew everyone at this camp had a story, came here to escape from a past they’d rather never think about again. And Dean, whether out of selfishness or the inability to drag himself out of his own head, hadn’t stopped to even wonder about what Benny might have been through. What drove the Beta to find this place.
presence, boy.”
"Castiel, please. Say something."
Cas met his gaze, his eyes wide and so blue, with a warmth Dean had never seen- or perhaps maybe just never noticed before. He was the same Cas, larger than life, contained into this body, this body that was all his now, and yet...he contained multitudes. Millenia of knowledge, history he’d seen made with his own eyes, ancient things he’d touched with his own hands. He’d lived so many years, seen so many people. Watched people live and die. Fall in love and break their hearts. He’d seen them build cathedrals, start wars, worship gods, raise leaders. He’d seen them sick, deranged, lonely, hurt, overjoyed, and gracious. He’d seen many great men do many great things, and yet…
“Yeah,” he said in awe, laying his palm over the swell. He huffed a laugh, rubbing his thumb gently across his skin. “Wow…”
“Yeah, I guess.” She laid her head back against the chair and sunk into the seat. She crossed one ankle over the other and clasped her hands over her little belly. “Did you catch any fish with Uncle Benny? He used to take me fishin’ with him a lot, but sometimes he says no cause
“Wonderful school,” Naomi nodded with a smile. “We tried to send Castiel there, but he insisted on New York. What will you be taking?”
“I missed being here, I missed you...you scent, your blush…” Cas lowered his voice, “your taste.” He kissed Dean’s forehead. “Couldn’t get you out of my head. It was a miserable week...worse than actually being stabbed.” Dean snorted and Cas grinned, kissing him again on the nose.
“Cas?” He called out softly, sniffing and wiping at his eyes again.
When a brief wave of dizziness had Dean clutching his head, he supposed he should get the place ready for a couple of days of heat and rut. It didn’t seem like much, but having a pitcher of water by the bed and a pile of towels to catch all the slick stacked nearby made things go much smoother.
am. I screwed up. From now on...complete transparency. And you can make your own decisions based on that.”
“You still have such a mouth on you,” Castiel muttered, looking down at Dean with only a little annoyance. “I had thought I would have spanked that out of you by now.”
“I understand your need to stay loyal to your father,” Cas murmured. “I do believe he did his best in an impossible situation. I don’t mean to insult his memory, but just because he was your father doesn’t mean what he taught you was right.”
“And?”
“Among other things. I’m fairly good at reading people.”
“You travel a lot for your work?” Dean asks, swiping a napkin from the dispenser and starting to fold it.
hurt you-”
“But you don’t find out interesting things about people if you don’t
“So…” Rory poked at her fork, the metal clanking against her plate. “You and Dean are gonna be mates, too?”
“What?” Castiel turned and shook his head quickly. “Yes, I'm fine. I'm sorry. It's just… his scent. It's… potent.”
God, he's fucked up.
He swallowed and pressed his nose into Cas’s neck, sucking in that scent, letting himself get high off of it. The smell of Alpha arousal hit him hard and he groaned, eyes rolling to the back of his head. His body gradually relaxed until he was sagging against Cas, rocking gently, murmuring incoherently into Cas’s skin. His mouth fell open and he sucked on the Alpha’s pulse point, his chest rumbling loudly with unceasing purring.
Well, writing a lovely little epilogue for the story that makes us feel dewy in all the right places ;)
Sydney's getting lazy and having a shit day so this isn't Beta'd at all.
Jack followed silently behind the three. He still felt unsettled by places like this. The big red ‘Target’ was lit up above as they walked across the parking lot. Once inside, Sam grabbed a cart and darted off towards the grocery side. Dean and Castiel, however, walked towards men’s clothes at a more leisurely pace. Jack, without much thought, followed them.
Sorry I didn't get to everyone's comments over the last couple of days, but I was kind of on a roll editing and posting ;) I'll try to get back to responding to you all again this week. Hope you enjoyed the four in four! <3
“Fevers have always been bad ever since…” Dean grinded his teeth and shrugged. “They just...just get worse every time.”
“Mmm, little better.” Dean shifted uncomfortably and grimaced, looking down at the fluids cooling on his torso. "I feel gross."
“Ah, no? No, not that I know of. And obviously he didn’t date very much in high school, you know...used to think he had a thing for your mother, but turns out he’s just that nice to everyone, so…” John turned and winked at him, “I didn’t have to kick his ass.”
“Well...I’m gonna assume you two are gonna wait a bit for that?” She inclined her head toward Jack.
Benny scratched absently at his beard, letting out a deep breath. “You got lucky, cher. If you hadn’t found us you would’ve been going through this out there in the wild. But you’ll be safe here, now. Castiel is a good man, and a good Alpha.”
“Well, maybe-”
“Papa will protect me,” she repeated, hopping down beside him.
“Yeah, I can
Cas looks down and traces a finger over the ink, smiling to himself. "This one I actually did myself. It's a protection symbol. Supposed to keep the demons out, you know." He shrugs, his smile fading. "Considering I have a few of my own, I thought it was kind of...poetic."
“Yes ma'am.”
“That makes two of us,” Dean said, wrinkling his nose. “Was always thinking about you. You’re not allowed to leave ever again.”
Dean opened his mouth for a piece of crepe, the last piece actually, and chewed slowly as he relished the feeling of his hands
driving to my house at midnight, if you’re so concerned with the time.”
Dean huffed and flopped his hands to the side, glaring at the ceiling. “...fine.”
“Hell, yeah!” Ash came busting back into the kitchen, his pout gone along with his cake. “We can open her up on one of the back roads-“
She pouted up at him, her legs swinging back and forth in her chair. “But I want you to sleep with me,” she said, hanging her lip.
to me?”
“Mm, I love your pretty little hole…” Dean firmly grasped both cheeks and spread them wide, exposing Castiel’s twitching entrance. “And I know you love it when I lick you open.”
“No questions, just get up and put on your swimsuit.”
Castiel cleared his throat and raised a brow.
to be there with you, and we are
Maybe he’d get his initials on that table after all.
“I saw one,” Jack smiled. “Just down the road. You like to drink after a successful case. To…’unwind’.”
“And you judge Gabriel,” Cas signs with a smile, shaking his head.
“Dean?” He dropped his bag off to the side, gazing at Dean for a long time before finally looking back at Anael, eyebrow raised. “What’s going on here?”
“Well, you certainly didn’t have any problems telling me what I can’t do in regard to having sex with my
Jack blinked, waiting and watching. No matter how many times he brought Dean food, or beer, or whatever the man wanted, Dean had always had some harsh comment. A sarcastic snort. Or even just an angry stare.
“Mmm.” Castiel drummed his fingers against the steering wheel.
“Mmm, I’m pretty sure it was three.”
that I’m ready...that I
“You can ask me anything.”
Dean raised a brow in slight amusement and couldn’t help but feel he was being watched over. Well, it wasn’t too surprising. Alpha wolves treated their Omegas better than people did. He’d seen how wolf packs run and often wished he could shift like the legends said. He’d disappear with the wolves and never come back.
"You continue to surprise me, Winchester."
“Can I ask you something a little personal?” Cas asked after awhile, the hand in Dean’s hair slipping down to his back. Dean looked up at him and shrugged.
movie, there was a soft knock on his door. Dean almost feigned sleep, but finally he slipped his phone under his pillow and pulled the comforter up to his waist.
“Castiel never liked people,” John snorted. “Preferred his gadgets and whatnot. Never even dated I don’t think. Can’t say I blame him. He was roughed up in school, bullied a lot.”
Dean hummed and leaned over the car, shining his light onto the nearly pristine engine. “Could just be a blown fuse. If not that, maybe the ignition switch, but you'd prefer the fuse. Lot cheaper to fix.” He felt his cheeks grow hot as soon as the words left his mouth, because of course Castiel didn't care how
"That was stupid, you know."
Love you all!
“Well, I like it,” Dean nodded in affirmative.
She skipped ahead, stopping and lifting a foot up to kick the snow off a stump, then jumping on top of it and turning back to look at Dean. “What’s ‘Dean’ mean?”
Pretty eyes blushes a little more and looks back down at his hands, a strand of that messy hair falling down across his forehead. The smile on his face widens a bit, his eyes crinkling in a way that Dean is quickly growing fond of.
That's it. You've been so good for us. <3
“You have holes in your pants.”
Castiel growled lowly and Dean shuddered. He wasn’t sure what had come over him lately. The heats were gone, yes, but in their place the pregnancy was apparently starting to make his hormones “fluctuate”, as Missouri put it. One minute he could be perfectly fine, then the next he’s slicking all over himself. Or so angry he could scream. Or so upset he bursts into tears. It wasn’t too bad, yet, but Missouri warned him it would only get worse.
Dean frowned and shrugged again, nodding with some hesitation. “Always tender...ever since…” He waved his hand, unwilling to say it and knowing Missouri knew what he was talking about anyway.
, Cas! And you knew about her, this whole time-”
Dean didn't have the mental capacity at the moment to try to dissect what had happened, and he found that as long as Castiel was there, touching him, reassuring him, that he didn't much care. He swallowed hard and blinked back tears, firmly pressing his lips together to suppress the trembling.
“Good boy,” Castiel smiled and Dean shivered, his cock twitching against his stomach. “We don’t have to rush anything, baby. We can take our time. Make this feel good for you. I want to watch you come all over yourself and I’m not even going to touch you.”
With a gentler grip, Dean drew him in close and slid a hand down the front of his boxers. Cas’s cock- bless it- was already hard, the tip already wet...Dean ran a thumb over the head, through slick pre-cum, and Cas
This chapter is a little shorter than the others, but I hope the content makes it worth it!
“I…” Jack opened and closed his mouth several times, tugging at his trench nervously. “Just…um…”
“Art,” he signs.
Hey everyone! We have officially finished writing this story so the remaining chapters will be going up in decently quick succession. We can't wait to hear what you think of the finished story, and please recommend to your friends!
“Oh!” His eyes flew open when he felt a wet, warm tongue at his opening. “Dean!”
“Alright, baby, come on over here and jump up on this scale for me.” Missouri was speaking before Dean even saw her, throwing back the curtain. “How's your appetite been? You're looking like you're filling out a bit. Still some room for improvement.”
“Shrimp’s good.”
Dean licks his lips quickly, trying to figure out how to continue. "We were..." he looks at her for help, and she rolls her eyes.
"Still so fuckin' tight..." Cas muses, and Dean hears him rustling before hearing the crinkle of foil packet.
Dean’s eyes widened marginally and couldn’t suppress the shiver that ran down his spine. Something about an older Alpha had Dean squirming slightly and rolling his shoulders tightly. Castiel looked damn good for his age, too. Roughened, sure, but still healthy and strong.
“I could say the same for you,” Dean stepped closer and traced a wet finger up Castiel’s torso, teasing a nipple briefly. “You’re good with those kids. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you so...carefree. You know, playful.”
“Stop apologizing. I understand your fear.”
, boy,” Castiel growled, pulling out slightly, only to push roughly back inside. “Been thinking about this all day. Just imagining your perfect, tight little hole had me on edge all throughout my meetings. Could only think about splitting you open right there on the conference room table, hearing your pretty little sounds…” he groaned again, circling his hips, flattening a palm against Dean’s stomach. “I’ve wanted you,
Dean sighs and glances up as Bobby ambles over, once again favoring one knee over the other.
“Fine,” Castiel rolled his eyes. “But you’re getting a healthy lunch.”
His legs are useless, and he slumps heavily between the hard wood and Cas's sweaty thighs, and Cas allows his cock to slip out of Dean's tight hole.
Sam sighs and lays his arms in the window, resting his chin on top of them. “I’m talking about it too much, aren’t I?”
“Strangers.”
Dean shakes his head and slips on a new pair of gloves. “I really messed up with you. I dunno how you came out so weird.”
“No,” Sam frowns, eyeing his brother carefully. “Just...interesting. You never did tell me what happened with Cas last night.”
punishment. I don’t think you have the same sort of masochism that many others have sought to quench with me.”
“You’d think so,” Dean mutters, sliding his shake to the side. “How do you know Cas, anyway?”
Dean just nods, whimpering.
the chase- and even despite all my argument about it before- in the end, it is
Dean brought a hand up to tangle Cas’s hair, pulling back to meet blue eyes almost completely shrouded with black. Cas watched him as he thrust deeply, pitching forward enough to press their lips together. Cas’s lips swallowed up Dean’s groan as he felt the Alpha’s swelling knot tug at his rim.
“No,” Dean says again, flinching when Death pauses and pins him down with those cold dark eyes.
didn’t?” Dean continued, and Cas nodded.
Dan cracks open the first beer, switches on a few outdoor lights, turns on the radio, and gets to work.
“I just mean…” Castiel frowned and licked his lips, “I tend to overthink things like this sometimes, I think, and-”
"I know that. He knows that."
Dean’s eyes widened and he swallowed, nodding jerkily and trying to push away the crushing disappointment in himself. Jesus, their first scene and he was already screwing up.
“What’s your deal, kid?” he barked, feeling self-conscious.
“You’re of age, so...irrelevant.”
good and partly because he couldn’t think about anything other than the feel of Cas’s mouth on his and the implication of Cas’s fingernails biting into the skin of his hips.
“I’m sure he’s been busy trying to rebuild-”
“I have to visit my family soon. One of my brothers is getting married and I’m expected to be there.” He huffs a humorless laugh. “They wanted me to come for Christmas, but I was able to get out of that. There’s no getting out of this.”
Cas huffed and put his hands on his hips. “It’s true, when I met her, yes, I knew then. But I didn’t know your mother was a shifter before then.”
“With
A slow smile pulled at Cas’s lips. “Oh? You feel anything else?”
and I’d like to be able to enjoy my remaining days out of here, where I can have some goddamn privacy. Where I can retire and maybe hunt a case here or there for a good time and at  the end of the day…” he paused, smiling over at Cas, “you and I get to go back to the same place together. Just the two of us.”
“N-no, it’s not-” Dean frowned and took a quick swig of his drink, nose scrunching slightly. “Not like that, really-”
“Can’t help you there,” Missouri winked. “A ruttin' Alpha sticks to you like a leech.”
Dean sighed and paused, a finger tapping against Castiel’s neck. “You know,” he said softly. “If we’re gonna do this whole
“Yeah.”
“Dean,” he said breathlessly, like he was surprised to see him there. He kicked off his shoes and nudged them to the side.
“Yes, you’ve proven that,” Dean says, a bit of an edge to his voice. “There’s nothing wrong with letting people help every once and awhile, though.”
He turns back to see Cas still standing on the balcony, once again oblivious to any and everything that wasn’t what he was seeing at that very moment. Cas is on his tiptoes, leaning as far over the balcony as he safely can, his head still up and looking out over the ocean.
an asshole?”
Donna paused momentarily before laughing again, almost immediately stopping herself when she saw the confused look on Dean’s face.
Dean groaned pathetically and ground back against Castiel, sliding his stinging ass against the bulge and almost coming when Castiel’s breath hitched in his ear.
“You, uh, you too,” Dean said awkwardly, folding his hands in his lap to hide his nervous wringing.
"So you're an artist."
“It is when one becomes aroused or otherwise...extremely pleased from it.”
Dean shrugged. “Yeah, so? It’s easy.”
“I’m just sayin’,” Dean shrugged, wiping away a spot of dried blood. “I’m not gonna let you get away with ‘I’m fine’ all the time now.”
“Yeah, Kim makes a good burger,” Dean nods, licking some mayonnaise off his thumb. “You’ve never been here before?”
It doesn’t help that the huge ass windows show the flying death machine in all its glory. Dean swallows, watching anxiously as the team outside fuels and checks...whatever it is that they’re checking. Dean hopes they check everything twice. Three times. Hell, make it 10 times.
“Is something wrong?”
“Dean, I shouldn’t have to remind you,” John grumbled as he put a gallon of milk in the fridge, “reviews are coming up. And there’s already been a few who got...let go.”
Dean watched him warily, pulling his jacket tight around his body.
Charlie eyed him for a moment, frowning with concern. “Did something happen?”
Cas stands and wraps an arm around Dean’s neck, cupping the back of his head with his free hand and pulling him in for a hard kiss. He pulls away, cheeks slightly flushed an lips parted, then sits his mug down to sign.
Cas snorts and the next few minutes are silent as they tuck into their burgers, both moaning at the taste of beef and melted cheese.
even gotten a good taste of it yet. He just laid there, eyes drifting closed as Castiel smoothed down his hair.
“You're, uh. Good with them. Kids, I mean.” He inclines his head slightly as they walk, his cheek pressed to Cas's hair.
Dean breathed deep and nodded slowly with a smile. “Our daughter.” His smile widened and he slid his fingers up and down Cas’s arm, feeling the muscle just beneath the skin. “Not so hard...being a mom. She makes it easy. I mean, I’m sure we’ll have our tough moments, but...I guess I should say it’s not as scary as I thought it would be.”
“Sounds like a party,” Dean muttered, frowning down at Cas.
"Dad's never had the sex talk with you before?" Dean asks calmly, desperately hoping that he doesn't have to explain the ins and outs of sex to his little brother.
Castiel didn’t answer, instead picking up a cucumber with his fingers and holding it to Dean’s lips. Dean’s eyes widened fractionally and he parted his lips, breath hitching when Castiel gently slid the slice inside. It was odd mixture of cool cucumber and warm fingers pressing against his tongue. Castiel kept his fingers pressed to Dean’s lips as he chewed and smiled briefly when Dean lapped at them after swallowing.
"I wish you'd just let me be your friend, Cas."
Dean grits his teeth. “Well, I happen to think you’re really fuckin’ great, so I can’t imagine I’ll like anyone who doesn’t think that of you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Maybe…” Dean chews his lip, “um. After the store, and dinner...if you want, maybe I could come back to your place? If you want to talk about it.”
“Eileen and I will see what we can find,” Sam said finally, firmly, and before Dean had the chance to respond, he stood up and left the kitchen, taking his parfait with him.
"Why?"
Cas shrugged. “Up to Missouri, I guess. If I had my way, I would’ve been in my bed yesterday.” He sighed and laid his head back against the pillow, looking over at Dean. “She’s got a laundry list of things she wants me to do before I leave. Eat solid food, unassisted walking, unassisted bathroom break. But even after I go home I’m going to have to be seen at least once a day, to check for infection and all that.”
He doesn’t need to know the details.”
“So I’ve been told.”
He felt Cas take another deep breath and press forward, the tip of his finger barely breaching his rim. Dean tensed and clenched around him and Cas froze again, stilling his finger and whispering securities in Dean’s ear. His hand continued to more reassuringly through his hair as Dean began to relax marginally, sagging against him.
“I’m sorry,” Cas signs but doesn’t look up, licking his lips nervously.
“Oh...that’s-
“Nope,” Dean grins, taking another sip. “C’mon, have some.”
Sometimes Dean swore he saw the trueform, despite knowing it’s impossible. There would be wings. Huge, black, shimmering with colors he’s never seen before. Eyes, hundreds of them. Multiple arms, hands tipped with claws that handled him so gently. Broken horns, shimmering grace, feathers surrounding him.
“Oh, am I?” Dean smirked, wiggling his hips, and Cas groaned.
“Awesome,” Dean said, not giving two flying fucks at the moment. “Excuse me, I gotta...go take care of something before dinner.”
Castiel was silent for a moment as Dean continued to wash him, then sighed and took Dean’s face between his hands, tilting his head up to look at him.
"Since the last time we slept together?"
Castiel reached around and placed two fingers by Dean’s mouth.
thing.”
Castiel’s eyebrow ticked. “Exactly.”
“I got you something,” Cas signs with a grin.
"W-What?"
Sydney may update this on her own. It's up to her.
“Don’t wanna go,” Rory muttered, curling in on herself.
“You can have a snack,” Dean conceded. “To tide you over until lunch.”
"So fucking good, baby..." Cas murmurs, holding Dean's weight with a strong arm. "Look at me, gorgeous. Watch me."
“Like what?”
“Cas thinks you’re seeing someone.”
about your whereabouts, and then get hurt-”
“That's it,” Castiel said gently, nodding. He ghosted his fingers down Dean's neck and flattened his hand against his chest, rubbing soothingly. “Just focus on me.”
Dean fidgeted with one of the buttons on Castiel’s shirt. He shrugged.
“It’s hard on the body,” she finally said. “Omegas...well, we ain’t what we used to be. I’m sure Cas has told you some of this already, but we’re not as strong as we once were. There was a time when holding a litter would be normal. Purebloods did it all the time without complications. But our gene pool is too watered down now. Without shifters to give us litters, our bodies-”
“We will visit everyday until you’re home,” Dean said, reaching out to take Cas’s hand.
“Your thoughts,” Cas said sadly, his bright blue eyes downturned in the corners. “I truly didn’t dip into them often, for your privacy...but the ones I was able to experience with you, they were quite lovely. It was...seeing a part of you that the rest of the world never sees. That they probably never
“Don’t know about that,” he mumbled, laying his head back down with a sigh.
She sighed a bit dramatically, as children do, and reluctantly nodded. “Just a few,” she grumbled, wrapping her fingers around his hand. “And then we get to play, right?”
“Oh, sweetheart, no, he...I mean, he's…” Cas floundered, his hands moving in front of him as if he was trying to pluck the words from the air. “Um…”
“I don’t know much about you,” he said, glancing down when Castiel grazed the loofah across his thigh.
The words were barely out of his mouth when Castiel brought his hand down against his backside again, twisting his fingers inside, brushing tantalizingly against his prostate. Dean panted, laying a hand on the glass beside his cheek, pushing back against Castiel’s hand.
“Hey there, chief.”
“What are we doing today, daddy?” Dean breathed, leaning into the touch.
“Ah, your favorite,” Dean smiled when Castiel huffed a soft laugh.
“Right, ‘cause you don’t do dates,” Dean snorts.
“Well of course not, silly,” she patted his arm again. “Most were born here, after their parents sought refuge here. Many of them only know the Omega who birthed them as a parent. No Alphas in the picture once they come here, except to help with heats. Sometimes the Omegas here will take a mate, but if they do, they leave the compound.”
Thank you all so much for your continued support!
“Hey.” Castiel’s hand on his arm stopped him short once he’d made it outside, the slight chill of the air cooling his overheated skin. Dean looked up at him, the look of confusion and concern on Castiel’s face only serving to make him angrier.
“Hi,” Cas grumbled, trying to look away and finding it incredibly difficult. It was either Dean’s annoyingly smug face or the dirty floor. They really needed to mop, Cas thought grumpily to himself.
“How do you
noise when she opens her mouth to speak, then gives a deep sigh before continuing. "I suppose I've had my suspicions for awhile now...about your preferences, anyway. But it wasn't until your fight with Castiel's crew that I really began to put things together. Hannah told me. She saw everything," Lisa confirms when Dean gives her a questioning look, "honestly...everything makes so much more sense now."
“Guys, please, I’m right here…”
“Only if you feed it to me.”
Cas looked at him for a long time, his eyes searching Dean’s face, the joint pinched between his thumb and forefinger, forgotten. Dean raised an eyebrow, and finally a slow smile spread across Cas’s face.
“I do,” Castiel nodded, glancing down almost casually to watch Dean rut against him. “No one is stopping you. Go ahead.”
“Oh, shit. His coffee.” Dean bustles out of the kitchen and behind the bar, turning over a mug and pouring some of the fresh pot into it. He grabs a caddy with cream and sugar and heads back over to Cas’s table. Cas looks up with his mouth full and raises his eyebrows, covering his mouth with a napkin as he swallowed.
menu, and he gives Dean a smile. In a few short moments, he finishes up on the computer and puts it away, and he makes himself comfortable, laying his head in Dean’s lap.
It was fitting that with Lucifer’s dying breath, as the last sliver of his grace flickered out, that he would finally speak the truth. The father of lies and deceit, betrayal and greed, would whisper the truest words ever spoken-and it was these words that would ultimately destroy Castiel.
“Daddy,” Dean choked, legs trembling, the skin on his ass burning and stinging. The tie felt damp and he realized his eyes were watering, a few tears escaping the blindfold and wetting his cheeks.
“Right, right,” Dean shook his head, chewing his lip. “Um. I-”
Dean wordlessly grabbed the bodywash provided by the hotel and was a little surprised Castiel didn’t say anything about it, but the man seemed to be zoning out, staring blankly at the tiles on the wall. Dean bit his lip and lathered up his hands then began massaging Castiel’s tense back, working from top to bottom slowly.
“What do you like about it?” Castiel asked.
“Alright, then. We need to at least work to keep the fever under control. We'll try cool compresses first, but if it gets too high you'll need an ice bath. Hang in there, I'll be back.”
“Yes,” Cas answered immediately.
Cas’s other hand moved from his back down, his fingertips barely sliding under his waistband and stopping, though Dean could tell he was practically itching to touch him, to stretch him open with long fingers. But he resisted, letting Dean set the pace when surely every instinct was telling him to push ahead.
Dean shifted and looked back up at Cas, tilting his head. “Well, maybe that’s the perfect time, then. We can-“
Dean snorted, looking down at himself in his half-dressed state, then over at Cas in his. “Well, we’re already halfway there, cowboy.”
“That’s not the
Dean would’ve told Cas how dorky he was, but the thought escaped him as their kiss deepened, and for a little while all he could think about was how good his Alpha tasted.
"Charlie!" Cas says loudly, a little more insistent this time.
“Yeah, Sammy. He’s still in high school.”
He hadn’t realized that Castiel had been saying his name until Castiel opened the door a little wider and stepped forward, pulling the door almost closed behind him, dipping his head to catch Dean’s gaze.
The prospect of going to some bar and hooking up with whatever was available just made him feel sick. Dean wasn’t sure when he’d outgrown it, but somewhere down the line random bathroom sex had lost its appeal.
“Shouldn’t you be sittin’ down?” Dean mumbles, digging into his pocket for his pack of cigarettes. Sam absolutely hates that he’s picked up the old habit again, but Dean can’t find himself to care. It’s not like he’s smoking a pack a day.
Bobby stares after him as he starts casting his eyes about,  clearly only half listening. “Got all kinds of feelers out. So far diddly.”
anything. Just figured...I could, like, wash your back or somethin’.”
But for now it was nothing but he and Cas moving together, the sounds of their lovemaking filling the room. Dean arched his back and craned his neck in an act of complete submission and Cas took him as such, claws digging into skin as he pounded into him. His wet hole was swollen, stretched, and sore, but despite that, everything in Dean's body screamed
Castiel shook his head. “No, Dean. Not stupid. Sensory deprivation makes you vulnerable. It requires you to trust completely, and combined with the rest… you were bared to me, emotionally. You were fully dependent on me, your guard down,
Cas smiled and nuzzled his jaw. “Good. I just worry, Omega. With all you’ve been through, in a mere year’s time. You’ve come so far that it’s easy for me to sometimes forget the things you’ve seen and experienced in the past. I don’t want to make assumptions about the state of your well-being and be wrong.”
And Cas...poor Cas. He’d come home almost two months ago to a camp buzzing with news he’d yet to hear, and a pup who didn’t fully understand any of what was going on- and all that
Dean shivered and pressed up as much as he could into the touch, pulling weakly against Castiel’s hold on his hands. Castiel looked down between them and back up at Dean, expression smug and innocent all at once.
Dean moaned into his mouth and canted his hips forward...all he could do with his hands frustratingly pinned above him. Castiel slid his hand down Dean’s thigh and guided the leg around his waist, only then letting go of his hands in favor of lifting him to carry him to the bed. He finally broke the kiss to retrieve the lube and step out of his own wet swimsuit, slowing his breakneck pace to gently open Dean up.
Cas huffed a laugh and looked down. “Not exactly. I mean, the attitude was all her. The personality. But I suppose the truth of the matter is that Ysabella only fell for me after much,
“You don’t even look at me.” Castiel finally turned to face him, eyes shining. “Won’t talk to me. My…feelings, and this form, upset you.”
___________
Dean laid a hand over Cas’s, watching them both rise as he breathed. “Pretty incredible, huh?” he whispered, mostly to himself. Castiel flipped his hand over and covered Dean’s, squeezing as he pressed a kiss to the little bump.
A curse. “That’s not true, Cas.”
Dean chuffed into the pillow and weakly shook his head. “No,” he croaked brokenly, tears sliding down his face. He was too exhausted to care about them or the fact that this Beta, this stranger, was seeing him in such a weakened state. He’d always done these alone, isolated in his hole of a home.
Castiel hummed, pressing his cheek to Dean’s forehead. “I’ll figure something out.”
“Then if it’s anyone’s fault, it’s his own,” Dean held up his hand before Castiel could rage at him for daring to suggest such a thing. “Don’t get mad; it’s the truth. He talked you into going, knowing it wasn’t your scene, knowing you’d probably hate it. And look, I get what he was trying to do. He was trying to get you sociable, to make friends, because he loved you. I never even knew the guy and I can tell that much. He loved you, Cas, and that...
Cas fucks into him hard, his thighs slapping against Dean's backside, and Dean idly remembers the piercing Cas undoubtedly has on his cock. He doesn't have long to ponder before his body is rocked with another wave of insurmountable pleasure. His legs shake and he clenches his hole sporadically, causing Cas to hiss through his teeth.
“I-Cas, what-you were never-“
The bunker had dozens of rooms and several floors. They had never had the opportunity to explore these rooms and all the secrets they might hold. Sam and Jack were slowly working their way through these, but it was slow going. Everything had to be handled carefully and many artifacts and documents were written in languages that were long dead.
Cas shifts in his seat, looking down at his food, still trembling slightly from the cold. Dean pushes the bowl closer and holds out a spoon, giving him a hard stare until he finally takes it and shovels a bite into his mouth.
“No.”
“What?!” Dean tried to stand, but his legs were wobbly.
“Yeah.” She scuffed her boot against the wood of the porch, then turned and hopped down the first step before stopping again. “Papa believes that eyes are the windows to the soul. He says that when you look someone in the eyes, you’re giving them permission to know the real you.” She hopped down the last step and planted her feet firmly in the snow, looking back up at him again. “But you don’t do that. You don’t
He handed it back and dropped his hand to trace the wolves on Cas’s chest, avoiding the wound. “Do I look or...smell different when you’re a wolf? Or does the world all look the same?”
, for god’s sake, Dean- I
Castiel was quiet for a moment. “Did
It was embarrassing, really, spending so much time thinking about him. Dean hadn't actually seen Cas since he dropped him off at the hospital after his sparring with Fergus. Dean tried not to think about how Cas's arm had felt around his waist as he helped him through the doors of the E.R., or the goosebumps he got when Cas firmly held the wrist of Dean's other arm, which was thrown around the boy's neck.
I hope everyone is good after this chapter. Know that good things are ahead for these two, and we're not spending time on Alistair's actual trial or even giving that character a narrative of any kind...so no worries! We plan to focus the remainder of the story (1-2 chapters) on Cas's mental health, his and Dean's relationship, and reconnecting with his estranged mother.
Dean didn’t so much as wake. It was more like he became
Not that Dean was complaining. The anticipation made it all the better and the whispered ‘good boy’ in his ear was nothing short of ecstasy. Dean came to terms fairly quickly that his desires bordered on strange at the very least, but Castiel never judged and no one else knew so he didn’t see the harm in indulging. And he felt safe with Castiel, safe in the knowledge that he knew what he was doing and would stop if Dean told him to. Safe that Castiel would never utter a word about his weird kinks to anyone.
“I can show you other uses for that tie…”
"Hey." He greets her cheerfully, leaning down to kiss her on the cheek. She leans into the kiss, then pulls back, eyeing him suspiciously.
Nowadays wasn’t much different. His dad pushed him to work more hours at the garage and insisted he help pay bills or repair things in the house. He was still in charge of dinner most of the time, and a good portion of the cleaning done around the house. And while getting the car was nice, he knew it came at a price. He was now in charge of taking Sam wherever he needed- or wanted- to go. Dean still went to bed exhausted, most of his own needs unmet. He couldn’t really remember when he’d had any down time, aside from his birthday. And even then he had to grill.
“Ohh, Garth,” Donna beamed and placed a hand over her heart. “You’ll love him; he’s fantastic. He’s just…” Donna took a few steps and pointed past Dean, at a small cabin off to itself down a path that led down next to the main row of cabins on the right. “Try to keep an open mind, okay Dean? Garth is a little eccentric but he’s really good at what he does.”
“Look, this will be good for him,” Anael insisted. “Whether he realizes it or not. Sometimes you gotta crack a few eggs, Dean.”
“School?” Chuck raised a brow.
Cas shrugs in agreement, looking up and sliding his phone into his pocket as Kim arrives with their food. He gives her a small smile, but Kim only frowns before walking away.
fair. But that...well, it was different, you know? It’s not the same for us.”
There’s another pause. “Of course.”
After about a half hour though, when they're both decently sweaty from the blistering sun, they make their way back down the beach and wade slowly into the water, hand in hand.
“I'll show you mine if you show me yours,” Cas teases, which does nothing to help the situation in Dean's pants that had
Dean nodded and Castiel smiled, taking his hand and leading him to the kitchen. He took his spot on the counter, swinging his legs as Castiel set about making lunch. He dug out fresh vegetables and sliced them up expertly, and Dean wasn’t all that surprised since the man apparently used knives on humans. For
Cas was an excellent cook considering their limited resources and Dean was quickly starting to favor eating Cas’s food over the kitchen’s. He scarfed down his plate, even the nasty-looking root things, and Cas happily gave him seconds.
It was a little after 11 when Dean was dropping the last of them off and for the first time since he’d gotten the check, he was alone. He parked the car and dug it out, sliding his thumb over Castiel’s signature. Before he knew what he was doing, he was aiming the Impala for that big house. He still remembered how to get there, even after only have been there once, and around 11:30 Dean found himself sitting in Castiel’s driveway.
“I could always pull out instead of knotting you-”
Dean had been laid up in bed for a week with nothing but
Unrequited love was a bitch.
“Ah, good,” Cas pulled on a light jacket, looking too at ease and smug in Dean’s opinion. “I’ll be outside then.” He gave Dean another sweet smile and walked out the door. Dean watched through the window with narrowed eyes as Cas lit up and leaned forward against the railing of the small porch.
“No,” Dean said firmly, pushing his head back against Cas’s chest and looking up at him, “I mean, now. Like, is it possible he changed them enough to make them stay this way?”
“I see.” Castiel watched him for a long moment, and even through his anxiety Dean could tell that he was attempting to convey comforting vibes, the soothing smell rolling off of him in waves. Although it wasn’t helping much now, Dean takes it as a good sign that he cares enough to try. “You’re about to hit another one.”
Dean grins. "Sure."
terms.
Ash seemed to consider it but ultimately shook his head, huffing and pulling his knees to his chest.
leave you sore,” Castiel murmured, dripping some oil onto the loofah and pulling a chair over from the wall to sit in. “Sometimes very sore. In any case, this is how I will take care of you after scenes, whether you’re sore or not. It’s a good way to get you relaxed, warm, comfortable. We can talk about the scene, what went right or wrong…”
he’s on a plane.
should smell that good. Damn it, and now his cabin was going to smell like Alpha all day.
“I wanna stay here with you.”
“Don’t,” Dean shook his head, staring down at his mug. “I know you are. I do.”
"W-what?"
“I...he...he asked where you were, and I s-said, I blanked and told him you were at the house, and he asked about the trip and I...I panicked, didn’t know what to say, so I-”
scared. Like when he decided to leave and find this camp off nothing but rumors. He’d been terrified. The odds favoring his death long before he ever reached the place. It had been his choice, though. “Want this.”
Dean shrugged. “Cas is insistent on not doing it during a heat. At least, not yet.”
"Everyone wants to be saved."
“What could possibly disappoint me?”
Castiel never stopped bathing him, but his jaw set in a hard line briefly before he tilted his head and licked his lips, clearing his throat. “No. No, it doesn’t get...lonely. I’m not the type to crave that sort of relationship, or connection, with other people or really, with the outside world in general. I keep to myself, I keep my head down, I do my job and I come home...where I feel comfortable, and where I can be myself. The less others know about me, the better.”
Dean could smell it the moment he woke and he blinked the moonlight shining through the window that he’d made Cas open hours before when his fever hit. His brain screamed
. He’d never felt so safe than how he does in Cas’s arms. So well protected and loved. It was miracle he’d found Eden and sometime he still expected to wake up from this wonderful dream.
“Yeah,” Dean nodded, the memory surfacing. “I couldn’t feel you. You weren’t touching me. I didn’t feel you nearby. You were just...gone.”
Like everyone, Dean is unsettled by him, intimidated by him, maybe a little afraid of him. And every minute occupied by Cas is the biggest thrill of his life.
Rory made a disgusted sound and Benny laughed. “Just you wait, darlin’. You’ll be kissy face at someone before too long.”
Because there was no way Jack, son of Satan, was standing in front of him with that stupid innocent face and those stupid earnest eyes. Asking him to participate in this stupid tradition that Dean knows full he will not stick to in the slightest.
And, despite how he smothered Cas, the guy still thought of him as family. Had come all this way to spend Christmas with him, not even knowing that Dean was going to be alone for the first time in years.
And maybe that was the crux of it. Maybe losing Cas was the last straw to break, the last fuck to give. The real reason for his exhaustion. It wasn’t his body. It was his heart, his soul. Those last moments with Cas, those words that still echo in his head on repeat that no amount of loud music could down out, they had finally shattered something in Dean that had already been fragile to begin with.
“Let me finish,” Castiel sighed, placing a soft finger over Dean’s lips. The man glowered, but fell silent.
The invisible tether holding Dean to his seat broke then, and he shot to his feet and reached across the table, grabbing Cas by the collar of his tee. Cas made it to his feet in time to brace himself against the table as Dean crushed their lips together, and he moaned around Dean’s tongue. The sweetness of the jelly only made kissing Cas that much more intoxicating, and he blindly shoved everything on the table out of the way as he maneuvered around it in the sloppiest way possible, refusing to break apart.
Dean blinked up at him. “
Dean hummed quietly as he added some bacon to the pan. For a few minutes the only sounds were that of the sizzle and pop of food cooking. “Never really thought of that before,” he said in a soft voice, sliding the eggs and bacon onto a plate.
"He's...um...intriguing, I guess." Dean shrugs.
Dean shrugged, furrowing his brow. “At first, yeah. Just thought...dunno. Made me feel like he didn’t care, that what I’d done for him didn’t matter. But yesterday he asked me if we could go see a movie or something tomorrow, since I’d been so busy lately. So now I’m...I’m feelin’ a lot better about that. Like maybe I am more to him than just a caretaker.”
“What the fuck?!” Dean ran after her, stopping a few feet away and leaning over the side. Anael emerged from the rippled water below, letting out an excited
“Not at all,” Jack beamed, pleased with himself. “But I read that couples like to share their drinks.”
you,” Anael insisted, looping her arm through his. “Will he be upset at first? Probably.”
“Good.”
He can’t imagine dying. He used to; used to think of it as almost a sweet release that he’d welcome when the time came, but that felt like a long time ago. Before he came to Eden. Before Rory, before Cas. But now he felt...healthy, strong, cared for. He was confident that he wasn’t going anywhere.
“Well, now, that makes me sound insensitive.”
“You’re the one who’s gonna be using it on me,” Dean shrugs. “Or telling me how to use it. I want you to pick. Tell me what to get.”
“Little slower, Cas,” he says gently. “Can’t keep up with you. Okay, you want to what?”
Dean was humming pleasantly to himself as he tugged the jeans and boxers down, revealing his husband’s cute butt. He squeezed a cheek appreciatively and chuckled when Cas gasped.
A ghost of a smile just barely crossed Sam’s lips and he swallowed, looking down at his hands. Dean tilted his head and narrowed his eyes, taking a step forward.
“Not considering,” Castiel said, taking Dean’s hands in his again, shaking his head. “I’m
Yulia looked up at him, taking a deep breath and sighing heavily, then pressed her lips together and nodded. “Yes, a couple of months ago now. His name’s Myles. He’s...actually a partner with the company. Entrepreneur, helps run a non-profit-”
I killed m’brother cause I couldn’t handle-a fucking bullshit party.” He laughed, scrubbing at his face, tears pooling in his eyes. “I’was my fault. He shouldn’t-a been out.”
“Well, inviting him over after a year of nothing might seem kind of suspicious,” Dean muttered as he put away the seasoning tonight’s steaks.
“This chair is awfully uncomfortable.”
He quickly emerges from the kitchen and around to the bar, stopping in front of Sam and taking the pad and pen from him. He grins widely, tapping the pen on the paper.
“We should…” he kissed Dean again, his fingers exploring the hair on the back on his neck, “
“I hope you weren’t too bored,” Castiel murmured, smiling apologetically. “That went a little longer than expected.”
“Are you fucking kidding me.”
Sam’s head snapped up. He’d been reading, forever searching for the answer. Dean’s eyes were on him, his own book forgotten for a moment.
Dean’s stomach clenched at the thought of seeing Castiel and he hid his face in his hands. “Oh no…”
Cas groaned, scrubbing his hand over his face. He laid his hands on his knees and looked up at Rory’s room, shaking his head. “At least here I know she's safe, no matter how she presents. What I worry about is… when she's older.”
“Shhh… that's it, baby,” Cas thrust his fingers in and out of Dean's wet channel, reaching up to pull slightly at his bottom lip with his thumb. “God, you're so beautiful, Dean. So ready to please your Alpha…”
“Are you going to be good for me now?”
Castiel ran his tongue over his bottom lip and nodded as he resumed stroking Dean’s hair.
He breathed in deep, taking in the old and musk, the leather and gunpowder, the freshness of laundered sheets, and the underlying scent that was Dean. Not because he needed the oxygen, but because he wanted to savor this. All too soon after escaping the Empty, Cas had found himself locked in a cage with Lucifer, with no way to reach out the Winchesters. To Dean. All he could do was wait, search for weak spots, build up his grace. The longing he’d felt from Dean was painful, a knot in his chest that tugged at his wings. They wanted to spread, fly, carry him back to the soul he’d branded long ago. The soul his grace ached for, reached for every time they were in the same room.
“Hi there,” Castiel said with a smile, shifting Lailah to one arm and leaning down to kiss Dean on his cheek. “Care to join us?”
“Dean, this...jealousy you’re feeling is really unnecessary. It’s-”
“Show me how you opened yourself up, sweet boy,” Castiel cupped Dean’s jaw again, fingers stroking his neck. “Start with one finger. I’ll tell you when to add more.”
Dean groaned as he added another finger, sliding them swiftly in and out, nipping at his shoulder. “Please, more, daddy-”
"I know you do," she reaches over and places a hand on his forearm, "but you're not
“I see…” Naomi eyed him for a moment then sighed as she sat down, folding her hands over the table. “I’m afraid Castiel was in much of the same boat when he was young. Chuck was working quite a bit back in those days and I had just taken a new job myself. We were not home as often as we should have been. Luc and Michael were both starting college, so Gabriel was left to help take care of Castiel and Ana. He and Castiel were very close...it’s why he takes this time of year particularly hard.” She smiled up at Dean sadly, resting her chin in one of her hands. “You seem to be helping him a lot. I can see what he sees in you.”
Cas doesn't answer. In fact, he's so stone-cold out of it that Dean takes it upon himself to pull him out of the stall, propping him up against the painted cinder block wall. He kneels in front of Cas and takes his face in his hands, trying to get his eyes to focus on him, but Cas is zoned out and he's shaking so hard that Dean's afraid he might be having a seizure. He's covered in a cold sweat and he's panting, holding his arms to his chest.
“Tired.” Cas signs bluntly.
Cas is beautiful with kids. Dean is good with them, but it almost seems like Cas can understand them in a way most adults can’t. Like he speaks their language. Dean can interact with children fairly easily, especially since he basically raised Sammy. Cas is a natural, though. An innocent soul connecting with other innocents.
Dean swallowed and nodded, making a point to keep his eyes trained on Castiel even when he naturally wanted to look away.
Dean opened up and let his thumb inside, sucking it between his descended fangs. His purr doubled in volume and he sighed happily, green eyes finding black and locking gazes. Dean was flushed all over, sweat glistening off his skin, his hair a fucked out mess from Cas’s fingers tugging and pulling.
"Charlie!"
“You really gotta quit talkin’ about yourself like that,” Dean murmurs, taking a chance and reaching out, breathing a sigh of relief when Cas let their fingers intwine. “Nothing’s broken, Cas. And you’re not something to be dealt with. You’re a fuckin’ person, dammit. You’re smart- I know you are, even if you skip every class. And you’re talented and interesting, and whatever you’re dealing with... I just wanna help.”
Dean blushed and looked down. “Was just doin’ what I had to. Nothin’ special.”
done something to garner this reaction from you?”
“Uh,” Sam looks back out the door. “No, I don’t think he did.”
“Tomorrow.”
Wildlife was slowly taking over. He had avoid the deer, the wolves, bears, and other various animals as he drove down abandoned roads. At first it was eerie, but Dean quickly got used to the quiet and emptiness.
Dean sipped at the mug of coffee he brought from breakfast. “When can you come home?”
floating, even as Castiel untied his bindings slowly and methodically.
Well I, that’s...I-I mean-”
Dean swallows hard. “I’m glad you had her.”
“Dean.”
“-so that I’ll make love to you tonight?” Cas scoffed. “You do realize it’s only been a few days, right?”
“If she's Alpha, she may not want to stay,” Cas finished for him, looking at him with sad eyes. “And even if she does, considering I've never allowed other Alphas to stay here… I'm not sure how the pack would take it.” He scratched idly at his cheek. “Anyway. Perhaps that was a little… risky of us.” He huffed a laugh. “Worth it, though.”
Even when just the thought of those threats made Dean inexplicably hard and he'd spent...
“Dean,” Ash calls out. “Pie?”
“You liking it here so far?” Jody asked.
“Hey!”
“He found us,” the Beta murmured, shrugging his shoulders. “Hasn’t said much.”
Anael shrugged again and shifted in her seat, throwing one leg over the other. “I guess? I don’t know...I seem to bounce between jobs. I get bored, or the boss is a jackass, or I suddenly can’t
The Alpha froze and held up a hand to the Beta, a slow smile spreading across his face. The Beta stopped but didn’t relax, attention fully on Dean, ready to follow whatever order he may get. Alpha moved his hands out in front of him, holding them up defensively.
“You still...I still want you,” Dean stammered out, wrapping his arms around Castiel’s neck. Castiel hummed, sliding his hands up to Dean’s waist, a small smile forming on his lips.
Dean raised an eyebrow.
Dean bit his lip and shifted his legs, closing the gap with a small sigh. “Shouldn’t make a guytalk about sex dreams then expect him to behave.”
stupid. He knew Castiel had past Subs...it wasn’t a secret. In fact, Castiel had been quite open with him about it, and had even offered up information if Dean was interested in hearing it.
“What?” Cas asks as he spoons coffee grounds into the filter. “About me creepily drawing a metric fuckton of pictures of you, none of which actually include your face? Because it’s too fucking perfect and no matter how much time I spend on it I can’t fuckin’ get it right? Because I know
Dean swallowed hard, frowning down at the water.
“Bye, honey. Have a good day at work.”
“Thank you,” he said a bit begrudgingly.
“I’m not mad, Cas,” he muttered, spotting his socks and tugging them on, grimacing at the water soaking in. “I’m not...anything. You don’t wanna talk to me. That’s fine. I won’t ask anymore.” He slipped on his shoes and started walking away, admittedly slowly in hopes Castiel would stop him. It was not surprising, but still disappointing, when he didn’t.
is...we need to set parameters, here. Do you want me deciding for you, or not? Because right now, I’m not sure what it is you want, and it’s making this between us much more difficult than it needs to be.”
And Dean does. He screams it, over and over and over until his voice is hoarse and his throat is raw. He screams it as Cas pounds relentlessly into him. He screams it as pre-orgasm shudders shake his entire body and his mind becomes flooded with Cas; his hair, his tattoos, his piercings, his confidence, his deep voice, his attitude, those
about it. His father is gone, and he doesn't speak to his mother. And I only know this because he lives alone. He has for a few years now...became an emancipated minor when he was just sixteen. I tried to get him to move in with me, but...he enjoys his solitude." She nervously adjusts her sweater again and smooths her long black skirt down over her legs. "Anyway, I've been there for a lot of these...episodes. I can't seem to pinpoint what exactly causes them. But considering his...sexual preferences, and some of what I've seen in the past...the worst I've seen them is anytime he experiences any lack of control. Cas likes to be in control, as I'm sure you know by now. He
“I won’t be saying that.”
Dean grinned at Castiel, floating on his back as the man slowly waded to him. He leaned down and kissed Dean on the nose, chuckling when the boy scrunched it up.
Castiel’s lips quirked in the corner and he nodded once. “Yes.”
“Yeah, sure. What kind you want?”
“No, I mean it. I didn’t...I just wasn’t expecting...that, and I didn’t know what to say. And I just...I wish you’d told me sooner. I thought we told each other everything, and I…” he bit his lip, looking up at the Metallica and AC/DC posters on Dean’s wall. “I guess I was just hurt because you didn’t feel like you could tell me about this, too.”
"Don't you dare come yet, Winchester. I'm enjoying this way. Too. Much." Cas spits a word with each thrust of his fingers. "I guess it wouldn't hurt to beg though, baby. Cause see...I swear to you, I'm not gonna stop. Not until your legs are shaking and the goddamn neighbors know my name."
Dean steps forward a few inches, into Cas's space, and tilts his head to the side. "Why'd you come here, Cas?"
yourself to me.” He mouthed along Dean’s rapidly hardening cock through his boxers. “That pretty hole open and wet for me, just
“Do you doubt mine?” Cas finally asked, slowly, as if afraid of the answer.
Dean nodded.
“Definitely,” Rory chimed in, nudging Cas gently with her elbow.
Dean snorted, thinking how...
Castiel buttered one of the pieces of bread and sat it on a plate in front of Dean, giving him a nod. Dean picked it up hesitantly and took a small bite, chewing slowly as Castiel clasped his hands in front of him on the table, watching him intently. Dean shifted uncomfortably under his stare, avoiding his gaze.
Cas slowly ran his tongue over his bottom lip, his brow furrowed. “I’m finding it difficult...to determine the amount of control you want me to force you to adhere to, Dean. I’ve been very adamant about the fact that you are not my property in any way, that you have free will to make your own choices, which I was under the impression you appreciated.”
Dean raised a brow. “
“Don’t get a swollen head.”
“Ah, so all this interest was just a ploy for a better night’s sleep, then. I should’ve known it was too good to be true...young, beautiful Omega like you being interested in an old man like me.” Cas tried to look offended when Dean looked up at him but failed, instead grinning widely, his wrinkled nose and crinkles around his eyes making him look old and young simultaneously. He ran a hand through Dean’s hair and let it rest on the back of his head, the other arm wrapped securely around his waist.
John looked down at his watch. “‘S only quarter to 6. Thought you was gettin’ him at 7?”
Cas jerks his head and signs quickly: “No, I mean, with you. In your bed.”
“So, uh. Just got a bit of a strange phone call,” he says, looking at Cas. “Some guy looking for a ‘Cassie’.”
“W-with,” Dean stuttered, eyes fluttering shut as Castiel flicked a nipple again. A small slap on his cheek snapped them open again, hard enough to grab his attention but not hard enough to hurt, and Castiel held his chin as he looked down at him, an eyebrow raised.
“Yeah, well, bein’ human ain’t all it’s cracked up to be,” Dean murmured. “Just one bad thing after another.”
Sam glares, but can’t really argue with that and settles for pouting instead. Dean smirks and places the freshly cooked patty on a buttered bun, along with some pepperjack cheese, lettuce, tomato, and a dollop of mayo. He throws on some fries then hands the plate to Sam.
. He carded his fingers through Cas’s hair, tugging gently. Dean wished he could crawl into his lap, but not only was Cas still hurt, but their pup was in the next room.
Dean can feel his heart rate picking up and his ears burning in blind rage, his chest tightening painfully.
“So by that logic, you consider an outing to be a date when you pick the place, drive us there,
“I didn’t expect to
Dean crawled into bed and squeezed his eyes shut, cursing his stupid Omega emotions and the pain that came with them.
Cas squares his shoulders at him, then cocks his head sharply to the side, cracking his neck. He reaches up over his head and grabs his sweatshirt, pulling it over his head and letting it fall to the ground, and his black t-shirt falls back down over the pale but tattooed skin he had accidentally uncovered with the action. He rolls his shoulders back, the shirt nestling comfortably back around his fit torso.
“Won’t you get in trouble?” Dean asked, raising a brow. “For running off?”
Dean slowly sat up, rubbing at his belly, and blinked wearily at the small cabin. He sniffed about, checking who was nearby even if he didn’t know anyone yet. Castiel’s overbearing scent blanketed everything, but he could make out Benny’s as well. The Beta wasn’t far off.
“What are you trying to pull, kid?” Dean crossed his arms, feeling very much like a parent and not liking it one bit.
“Slathering greasy burgers on a bun is not magic, Dean,” Sam says grumpily, watching his brother through the window.
“What is
“...a hint, then?”
She hesitated briefly before motioning for him to turn around, pressing her lips together. Dean felt her hands on his back when he turned, tracing down the faint scars he knew she could still see. Her hands traced them down to the curve of his spine and stopped, then he felt them again at his knees, tracing the ones halfway up the inside of his thighs. She stopped again long before they did, just as Dean squeezed his eyes shut and tensed his muscles.
“So, how is Sam?” Castiel asked as he tried and failed to tame his hair.
Cas’s fingers tangled into the hair on the back of Dean's neck and pulled back gently, exposing his neck. He leaned forward and sealed his lips over his pulse point, sucking and teeth grazing. He tongued down to Dean’s mating gland and sucked, smoothing it over with his tongue. Dean's whole body tingled with anticipation and he arched his back as his cock twitched and more slick seeped into his jeans.
“I meant every word,” Dean said firmly. “And I...I know you did too.”
“Hey, if you’re not fuckin’ him, can I-”
They ordered and the waiter brought them a basket of bread and a bottle of wine, which Castiel poured for both of them. Dean raised a brow, looking pointedly between him and his glass, but Castiel just shrugged. Dean cast a quick look around the room before raising the glass to his lips and taking a sip. It wasn’t as terrible as other wines he’d had, but then, he’d only ever had dirt cheap wine to compare it to.
Dean feels himself blush again as Cas runs his hands back down and over his ass cheeks, squeezing them lightly and spreading them wide. He clenches nervously, then hears Cas's sharp intake of breath.
Enjoy!
“How long ago?” he heard himself ask.
“Rory,” Missouri’s voice came from nowhere again, then she pulled the curtain back and put her hands on her hips. “Come here with me. Let’s go get you some thyme tea for that cough.”
“I’m sorry, man,” Benny said, and silence fell between them again with nothing but the sound of the water. He looked over at Dean after a long time, giving him a once-over. “You’re big for an Omega. That’s good. I’m sure that’s helped in the past.” He coughed and scrubbed his palm on his jeans. “Been on my own for awhile now, too. Never knew my own dad, was a...some random Alpha. Ma had me on her own, killed by another Alpha when I was around eight years old.” He shrugged and clicked his tongue. “Yeah. Findin’ this place...well, it was too good to be true, ya know? And I still find myself thinkin’ that every day, and I been here for years now. I was wary at first too, and I get that fear, but it does ease up eventually. If that helps to settle your nerves about us any.”
This needed to be done. Cas knew his own intentions, knew them better than anyone. He knew things that the Winchesters could never understand. And so he went behind their backs,  proceeding with the plan to open the portal to Purgatory and take in the souls. There was only a small hiccup; one he was anticipating, as it turned out: Crowley became unhappy with the distribution of power and turned to Raphael. He was a demon, after all.
“Alright, smartass,” Dean nudged his side. “I expect a giant waffle smothered in butter and syrup when I wake up just for that.”
Dean shook his head and waved a hand dismissively, then reached out and took Castiel’s free hand and gave it a squeeze. “Nothin’ to apologize for.”
“Yeah,” Dean snorts like it’s the most obvious thing in the world.
“Yes,” Dean says easily, wrapping his arms around Cas’s waist and pulling him close. “But you’re my dweeb. My cute, hot, sex on legs dweeb.”
Dean tilted his head to the side and looked down at his stomach, pulling his hand away to run his fingers over the little bump he’s quickly becoming obsessed with, then laying the hand there. “It’s a boy.”
“Been too long since you’ve touched me like this.”
Cas nods, staring straight ahead.
Cas doesn't answer, and instead shakily crosses the few feet to the couch and collapses into the cushions, letting out a long breath.
Even as Dean spoke, he felt hypocritical. Just that weekend he was bent over a dresser having his brains fucked out by Castiel, a guy he barely knows, and he definitely isn't in love with him. He isn't in love with Lisa, but that doesn't stop them from dancing in the sheets from time to time. Sweet, pure Lisa, who deserves better. At least deserves to know Dean's confusion over his own sexuality. But the admission would open a whole new myriad of problems...
Cas didn’t turn, just hung his head between his shoulders again.
“Hey, chill for a sec,” Dean says, a little more firmly. “Look, I know it’s early and you don’t do early, but why don’t you take a breath and tell me why you’re so pissed at me.”
“Does he?” Anael smiled down at the water, but it was hard to tell anything by her expression with her large sunglasses covering her eyes.
Castiel took a deep breath in through his mouth and reached out again, resting long slender fingers over Dean's hand. He licked his lips quickly and pressed them together, his eyes turned down in the corners.
When Dean has eaten all he can, he returns to his spot tucked up next to Cas. He closes his eyes again, Cas’s hands in his hair once more, and focuses on his angel’s steady breathing.
“Not a fan?”
“When it comes to a question your
Dean listened through his fevered haze, the whole situation so weird and surreal he began to wonder if he was hallucinating. There was no way an Alpha would sit calmly by an Omega’s side while said Omega was in the throes of heat. His scent alone should be enough to drive Castiel mad.
“Understand,” Cas starts, taking a few steps as he looks around, “if you followed Raphael, if you stood against me, punishment is certain; there is nowhere to hide.” He steps over a body, standing intentionally on a imprint of a large wing...Lailah? Dina? He didn’t care enough to take another look.
He turned up the music and kept his eyes on the road, not saying another word other than a brief ‘hello’ to Jessica when she got in the car, and he got nothing more than a ‘bye’ from Sam when they arrived at the Roadhouse. Dean watched them until they got inside and drummed his fingers on the steering wheel before backing out of his spot to head back down the road.
Dean didn’t answer for a long while and Sam didn’t seem to expect it. They labored over their work, looking for something-anything-and when Dean finally spoke it was with a rough voice.
Cas huffs and turns to Dean, staring a long moment before signing a response.
"Your sexuality is nothing to be afraid of, Dean," Lisa says softly. "Your dad and brother? They love you. They'll understand."
It did nothing to prepare him for the real thing.
“I, uh. I work better under pressure,” Dean mumbles, and he can hear Cas huff from behind him. He turns and leans back against the counter, taking a sip and looking at Cas over the rim of his mug. “I told you to pack a week ago.”
with worry.”
“It was not my place to-”
“Not such a smartass now, are you,” Dean smirks and leans down, still keeping Cas’s hands locked above him as he noses along his jaw. “Can show you a thing or two about talkin’ dirty.”
as the Alpha's knot stretched him wide. It finally caught and Cas practically howled as he spilled inside, Dean following immediately after, the pulsing knot making his own cock kick spurt after spurt of warm cum out onto the wood floor.
Cas nodded and hummed thoughtfully, his hands sliding up Dean’s thighs. “In simple terms, yes. It was a ritual of sorts. Symbolizing the relationship between an Alpha and his Omega. The Alpha chases and hunts down the Omega, showing his strength and skill and stamina. The Omega guides his Alpha, running and hiding, teasing and keeping just out of reach. It shows his bravery, his ability to gently control the Alpha even in the face of Alpha’s wild nature. Then, only when the Omega has decided the Alpha has earned it, he lets the Alpha catch him. They may wrestle briefly, but the Omega eventually submits willingly, showing that even if the Alpha is dominant the Omega has final say in whether or not they choose to be submissive.”
“Actually...yes,” Cas said with a frown, rubbing absently at his chest. “Of course I was always drawn to you before so this isn’t entirely new, but...it’s never been quite so unavoidable before.”
She waved her hand at him. “Oh, shush now. I don’t worry about it and neither should you, sugar. Dont’ go feelin’ guilty now. It upset me for a while, but no heats meant I was free to do what I was meant to do. Help Omegas like you.”
Lisa makes a
"Dean...the damage is done. Just tell me."
Just an update!
“What about when-”
They both smiled suddenly, arms finding each other, lips coming together, and Sam quickly found something in the next room that desperately needed his attention right then and there.
Dean shrugged again. “Not...necessarily.”
Sydney and Lauren xo
“Just ‘cause I took it up the ass doesn’t make me a chick, Cas. You should be more progressive.”
Cas patted his arm gently. “Sit up for me.”
We're writing more on this today! *happy dance*
He heard the muffled sound of Cas chuffing into his pillow, and he was briefly reminded of one of his first heats and the giant wolf pacing around outside his cabin. The thought had his mind racing and hole clenching, and he turned to find Cas steadily rutting into the mattress, claws extended and dug into the sheets. There was no telling how long he’d been awake, being tortured by the scent of Dean’s heat, the expense of allowing his mate to sleep as long as he comfortably could.
“Well, Dean, I hope you have a good time,” Chuck smiled. “I’m afraid we aren’t too exciting. You’re probably used to more thrilling vacations, but I guess you could say this a sort of family tradition.”
Dean broke their kiss to breathe and attached himself to Cas’s neck. At first he just breathed in the scent, then he kissed and nibbled, until finally he opened up so his tongue could taste.
“You’re right,” Dean sighs. “You deserve a lot better. Now git so I can pack without you hovering over me.”
Dean inwardly sighed. He hated it when Cas was gone, but it was part of being the Alpha’s mate. Cas had a huge responsibility in running the pack, and it wasn’t by any means small. He had a lot of lives that depended on him, and many more if they ever found the Omega ring camp. And Dean, despite how lonely it got without Cas here, very much wanted the camp found. If Michael had been there, he can only imagine what those Omegas are going through.
Dean’s thighs trembled and a second later they gave out all together. A strong arm held him up, flush against Cas’s chest, and his head fell back to the Alpha’s shoulder. “I got you, sweetheart,” Cas murmured into his ear, still petting his hair tenderly as he nuzzled the side of his neck. Dean, eyes still closed, nodded slightly, trusting his Alpha to hold his weight. Cas was stronger than he looked and that was often proven during their lovemaking as the Alpha easily manhandled his Omega into various positions, carrying him around the cabin like he weighed nothing.
“Go on, sweet boy. Just right there, on my waist.”
“If you’re feeling brave, you can swipe a few from the fridge and hope he doesn’t notice.”
“I hardly see the point in this particular instance.” There was a hint of a smile in Castiel’s voice, and Dean found himself grinning at the road in front of him like an idiot before clearing his throat roughly.
before pressing his lips together tightly and glancing over at Rory’s door, then finally looking up at Dean with wild eyes. He bit his lip and plunged his fingers deeper, tentatively adding a third and feeling Dean’s hole clench around him, attempting to pull him deeper. Cas tongued his bottom lip as he panted, chest rising and falling rapidly while Dean stroked down his shaft and began to massage the knot at the base.
“Alpha tells me you’re wantin’ to do something ‘round here...to help. What is it that you wantin’ to do?”
"Are you leaving?"
Dean drops the bag when Cas crushes their lips together, and he can faintly hear the little bottles of lube clattering when they hit the ground. He opens for Cas’s tongue and sighs into the kiss, his hands barely hovering over Cas’s hips before he barely presses his thumbs against sharp hip bones. Cas grips the hair on the nape of his neck and tilts his head as he deepens the kiss, rocking against him.
"Where were you?" Sam asks.
“Right. Well, before things get out of hand,” he says quickly when they pull apart, “I should start on dinner. Spaghetti okay?”
Dean frowned and snapped his eyes up, finding Castiel watching him calmly, still brushing his fingers up and down his thigh. Dean licked his dry lips and tightened his grip on the rim of the tub.
“Let me guess...tradition.”
"I wanted to...I guess I was just..." Dean raised his eyebrows as Cas stutters again, obviously uncomfortable. He hears him take a deep breath. "I was just...wondering how you were feeling."
The guy’s expression remains unreadable for such a long enough time that Dean begins to feel uncomfortable. He shifts on his feet and taps the eraser against the pad. “Because, you know, you’re...an...angel? Whatever, it’s stupid.” He waves a hand and looks down at the pad, then back up at pretty eyes, who finally lets a small smile tug at his lips. There’s an unmistakable blush spreading across his cheeks when he looks down at his hands.
Cas choked on his water and coughed and sputtered, covering his mouth and holding his chest. He was red - faced when he finally composed himself and glanced at Dean before nodding to her. “Well, yes… would that… bother you?”
“Then there’s no point in the speculation,” Cas said, and he slowly raised a hand, tightening fingers around Dean’s wrist. He pushed a little further, drawing the first sliver of blood, eyes showing no sign of pain. “This is
Wear less plaid. Yeah, right.
For the first time, the thought didn't frighten him. For the first time, Dean felt like it might be something he wanted.
“I think Rory wants to spend some time with Missouri tonight,” Dean said, effectively changing the subject. It was stupid to argue about something positive, anyway. Dean looked up at Cas, who raised a brow, not fully catching on yet.
Dean rubs at his neck, fighting back the urge to pull Cas into a rough kiss, and shrugs humbly. “Not one to change things just for the sake of change…”
“You’re not plain or boring at all,” he says, taking one of Cas’s hands in his and squeezing. “You’re the most interesting person I’ve ever met. Not to mention the most beautiful.” Cas blushes at this and bites his lip, looking up at Dean through his eyelashes. “I can’t speak for your parents,” Dean continues. “But I know that
“…Cas…?” He whispered hesitantly.
“I wasn’t thinking that at all.”
Charlie doesn't answer, instead speaking to Cas in a calm, hushed tone. He can't understand anything she's saying, but her tone is comforting, and Cas's shaking has reduced to a small shivering, a few tears running down his pale face.
“Naughty little minx.” Castiel huffed and gripped Dean’s hips, holding him steady. Dean trembled, caught between the need to obey and the need to feel that thick cock. He pulled at his cuffs, the metal pinching his skin, the chains jangling.
Epilogue:
“Gonna call you Cas,” Dean smiles and claps him on the shoulder. “Castiel’s not somethin’ I’m gonna want to yell from behind that grill.”
“No,” Dean said firmly. “I’ll stay here and wait.”
“No, now that side is uneven. Bring it-no, Dean, you’re pulling that whole side down now.”
around Alpha. “I-I mean….I...I would like to sleep. In here. With...with you.”
an unsuccessful trip to try to find the hidden Omega ring. But while Cas had been the strong one then, it was Dean now who was constantly working to put his Alpha at ease.
Cas opens his mouth and closes it again, his hands rigid in front of him. He frowns and scans the room self-consciously, swallowing hard, then finally gives a hard nod.
with her.
Sam tugged at his hair. Contemplated closing his door. But then that would start a whole new argument, this time with him involved.
, too good, the man knowing the perfect combination of pain and pleasure to take his Omega apart.
“You have
Dean paused in his incessant washing, glancing at Cas and wondered if he
“Dean.”
Castiel didn’t answer, shoulders hunched. He missed his wings suddenly. He wanted to hide behind them, fly away, so he wouldn’t have to face this.
“We’re gonna get her back, Sammy.”
“Okay, okay,” Cas stepped forward, holding his hands up. “I’m sorry, Omega. I truly,
. Mikey was right, by the way. He’s never brought anyone here. Never, uh...brought anyone
anything.”
They arrive at the school several minutes later and Dean parks the Impala, cutting the engine. There's a steady stream of students in snazzy suits and long flowing dresses, hair and makeup done to the point that Dean finds the majority of them unrecognizable. He does, to his surprise, see Charlie making her way inside, and he watches her for a moment while Lisa reapplies her lipstick for the fifth time that night. He's always a little shocked at the contrast of color on Charlie, from her ridiculously pale skin to her fire engine red hair and her perpetually black wardrobe. Tonight she's wearing what appears to be a short black corset dress, strapless, with the bottom almost like a gothic tutu, the fringe falling around the tops of her thin thighs like the branches of a willow tree. Her shoes are a slight variation to her normal clunky black Doc Martens, taller lace-up boots with thin high heels. Her hair is thrown up messily with tendrils framing her face and she's wearing a black choker and thick black bands on either wrist, making her look more like she belongs in a dominatrix bar instead of at a high school homecoming. She walks slowly toward the building, one hand resting around her midsection and the other crossed over it and holding a cigarette. She flicks the cigarette irritably before taking a long drag, the smoke billowing up into the night sky, then she drops the butt to the ground and stomps it out.
“Got people coming over?” Sam asked as he hopped up on the counter and watched Dean season the beef.
“But...two Omegas?”
“I..uh-”
“Yeah, yeah, we got it,” Dean waved him off, too horny and frustrated to coddle Sam’s sensibilities.
He looks up and sees Sam’s back to him as he leans over the bar, pointing to the right side of the building. He nods, then turns around, raising a brow at Dean. “What?”
“Fine,” he grumbled, closing his eyes. “Don’t kick me.”
“Hey, Cas, what’s-”
Dean sighed and shoved the eggs into his mouth. “Fine. Just don’t do anything stupid.”
“Shows how much you’ve been paying attention,” Dean said darkly, grabbing Sam’s arm a little rougher than necessary and dragging him to the door. “As a matter of fact, that’s exactly what I was told to do. Now get. Out.” He shoved his brother through the doorway and slammed it shut, angrily kicking the box away.
“Ah, yeah.”
She sent him off again with the promise of letting him know when she received the antibiotics. It was snowing again and most everyone was inside, save for a few hauling around loads of wood. Up on the hill Dean could see flickering coming from inside of Alpha’s cabin and smoke billowing out of the chimney, and he found himself heading that way before he even realized it. He stopped at the bottom and shook his head, then just stood there, looking up at the quaint cabin on the hill. Sure, it was a little bigger than most, but not overly so. And being an Alpha and specifically, the only Alpha in the compound, he was more than entitled to a showier residence. But there was nothing out of the ordinary about it aside from where it sat overlooking the whole camp.
Dean blinked down at her hand and again wondered what the hell he was supposed to do with it.
“So would you be open to the blindfold again, with the understanding that I will most certainly not leave you again? Or would you like me to add it to your ‘no’ list?”
Rory emerged from her room, pulling her ragged stocking cap over her long wavy hair. She plopped down beside the door to pull on her little purple snow boots, and Charlie helped her up when she was done.
“Close your eyes,” Cas signs slowly.
“Sorry, just...everyone here talks.”
"I want to
“I know, you hate talking,” she smiled and fixed some of his windblown hair. It was starting to get longer than he usually kept it. “But I promise it’s good for you. Even if it’s not with Garth. Just talk to someone, baby, anyone.”
Sam's face goes red. "What? No! I just...we've been together awhile now and I just...I don't know. I don't know what to expect."
Castiel snorted a humorless laugh and nodded. “I’ll try to keep myself in check.”
“Yeah, well, fear kinda dampens the appetite.”
“I’ll have to...find a spell,” Dean said slowly, his voice cracking. He licked his lips and swallowed, trying to think of some reason why he could tell Cas it was a bad idea- of course it sounded good, for his own selfish reasons, but Cas couldn’t possibly really want to be human over an angel...and Dean couldn’t have that kind of guilt on his conscience. “Sam, maybe Rowena left him something…”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas scoffs and pushes him again, harder this time, causing Dean's back to hit the stall with a loud
"For fuck's sake, Dean, what do you want me to say? That I think about it all the time? That I can't get your stupid fucking green eyes out of my head? That the sound of your voice gets me hard? You want me to sit here and tell you that night was the closest I've felt to anyone in years?"
“Running.”
, that’s good...”
people they barely know over twenty grand for their birthday.”
Donna nodded with a wide smile. “Oh! I'm sorry, Dean, can I getcha anything? Some coffee, or…?”
Dean blinks down at her cold surface and the wheels in his head start to turn.
Cas grunted when Dean abruptly launched himself at him, catching him completely off guard and tackling him into the water. Castiel sunk halfway down before he managed to catch himself, lifting Dean with surprising strength, the boy hanging off his back. He managed to pry his hands from around his neck to drop him in the water, only to join him a second later.
“Thank you.” Castiel looked to Dean. “You’ll be okay?”
“Remember anything from last night?” Dean asked hopefully, eyes flitting between Castiel and the television.
Dean realized, in his foggy state, that he was being difficult. His first day as a member of his pack and he was already causing trouble. But it was his body, damn it, and he wouldn’t allow a knot. No matter how much his body begged and sweated and slicked.
He doesn’t know how long it is before he finally dozes off to the sound of Cas’s even breathing, but something about having Cas there, in his arms, in a place completely foreign to both of them, gives him the most confidence in the longevity of their relationship than he’s ever had before.
“I’m estranged from them. Obviously. It’s a long story.”
“Need it, Cas, need that Alpha seed inside me…” Dean was wrecked, his voice hoarse. He wanted to reach down and stroke his aching cock, but he knew Cas liked when he came from being fucked alone. As it were, he wasn’t sure if he’d get there before Cas’s orgasm, which seemed to be approaching quickly.
The elevator stopped and the doors opened, and Castiel pulled away nonchalantly as a grey-haired man with a suit and briefcase entered, giving them both a smile and a nod. The rest of the elevator ride was silent, Castiel only barely brushing a finger discreetly against Dean’s hand before he clasped them together in front of him. Dean pushed past him when the doors opened on the main floor, striding quickly across the floor, feeling Castiel close behind him.
you do amazes me.”
Benny returned a short while later, telling Dean he could go see Garth in about an hour. Having been stuck in the cabin for the better part of four days, and with nothing else to do, Dean put on as many layers as he could and stepped outside.
Dean looked at their hands under the surface of the water and slotted their fingers together. Castiel frowned down at them, rubbing his thumb against Dean’s.
"I didn't say anything."
Lisa hums, looking out the windshield.
“None taken.”
Castiel looked back over at him, grinning mischievously, and Anael giggled nervously.
“Oh, I
“Ah, just...a friend,” Dean stammers, grabbing his bag.
“I’m used to it.”
It's short, but just a small reminder that we're still here and we still love you.
“You don’t have to know anything, for all I care,” Dean says, giving him a smile. “I’m going with you. That’s that.”
“You should be grazing your prostate,” Castiel murmured, his face showing the first signs of his control slipping. He was flushed, eyes unblinking, mouth slightly ajar. “Feel it?”
Cas’s hand, covered in cum and slick, moved up and down Dean’s cock with embarrassingly loud wet sounds. Dean, mouth hanging open as he desperately dragged in air, canted his hips up, fucking into Cas’s fist with abandon. He arched, both nipples stimulated with pinching and rolling, small beads of milk escaping and running over his swelled chest. He gasped when Cas, with hunger in his eyes, latched on and
“Heya, Sammy,” Dean said, giving him a smile. He crossed his arms and leaned against his door frame. “Miss me?”
Cas smiles and pulls away to sign. “How did I get so lucky to meet you?”
Dean’s eyes widened comically and he whistled lowly. “Damn, boy,” he smirked and the wolf blinked, cocking its head. “Those are fuckin’ huge. Put any Alpha to shame.” He paused then shrugged, blushing slightly. “Actually, my Alpha’s are...are pretty big. Not that I’m looking, just...you know. Hard not to notice.” He groaned and rubbed at his cold face, sniffing again. “Jesus, I gotta stop that. He’s mated for fuck’s sake and I’m...I don’t even know what I’m doing. What I want. I’ve never wanted an Alpha before. Spent my whole life running from them. But...ya know, when I was younger...I used to imagine what it would be like to have one. A good one.” He sighed, breath coming out in a cloud. “Stupid, I guess. I can’t even be around one without snarling at him. I’m a damn mess.”
“So wait until I graduate. It’s only a couple of months away.”
"Damn...you think 'em ladies realizes exactly what they're doin'?" Benny says in his smooth Cajun accent, turning in his chair to face the dance floor. Dean follows his line of vision, which leads him back to Ruby and Lisa plastered to one another, the shorter Ruby practically nuzzling her face against Lisa's. She was looking up at Lisa through her dark eyelashes, lips parted, their eyes meeting in an intimate fashion. A small crowd had gathered to dance around them, pretending to be interested in their own dance partners.
