Sam made to move, and got as far as sitting up before stopping and then just giving up with a small shrug of defeat, lying back down again. That seemed to be the general mood of the whole room- everyone was suddenly exhausted, and Steve could feel his own eyelids drooping too.
“Bucky,” Steve warned, “we’re not discussing this. You’re going to make it up to him, I don’t care what you think, I won’t have him thinking my best friend is a fucking delinquent.”
Twisting away, he jumped down the stairs quickly, readjusting his bag. He passed a couple of kids in his class along the way; felt their eyes on him curiously, but just blanked it out. It was only when he heard a snigger and then felt the all too familiar yank on his back that let him know those stares were more than just curiosity- they were calculating.
Tony sucked in a little burst of air like he was going to try and argue, but it didn’t come. He palmed a hand over his tired eyes instead, and curled tighter against Steve’s side. “I want Maria to know Peter,” he whispered, small and quiet, “I want her to know her Auntie Pepper-Pott. And I don’t want her to live a world where she has to pass the memorial stones every day either.”
“Hmm?” Steve hummed in question. He could feel Tony’s fingers playing absently with his own, and he squeezed fondly.
“I’m not going to let you tempt me, Tony,” Steve said, biting his lip and unwrapping Tony from his neck. It looked like he was having a tough time believing his own words, but he kept firm, yanking them both up into standing and then manoeuvring Tony until he was facing the direction of his wardrobe. “We will definitely be coming back to that later, though.”
Steve’s mouth quirked up, and he rolled Tony easily onto his chest. “With pleasure,” he said, pulling Tony down for an easy kiss.
Steve had moved his stuff out into his shitty Brooklyn apartment by the end of the week, and it had all been over. He’d allowed one of the best things left in his life to slip right through his fingers, and he’d never even attempted to fight for it.
It becomes obsessive. He revises it every night, adding and removing and keeping a constant ear out for JARVIS’s quiet words of ‘Miss Romanov has had night-terrors for nights in a row. Medium Risk,’ or ‘Doctor Banner watched a news-reel of his Hulk form tearing through a Hospice and this is the third day he has gone without food- immediate risk’. It rarely happens, but Tony had been caught out the first time. It wouldn’t happen again.
Rhodey smiled. “It’s a long story involving me, Tasha and Bruce kicking major ass and then Steve blowing a lotta shit up. We’ll tell you over dinner, I promise.” Then he grabbed one of the other chairs, sliding it under the table on Tony’s other side and looking around. “Who took the plates down?”
Steve blushed. He wasn’t. He really wasn’t- they were just very coincidental occurrences. Good luck, Steve supposed.
Tony was looking at him fondly as he slowly backed off down the street, and Steve had half a mind to tell him to face the way he was walking so he wouldn’t slip—but if he did that, then he wouldn’t be able to see Tony’s face. He decided against it, instead just smiling dumbly at Tony as the man walked further and further away. You’d think after two years they’d have settled down a bit, stopped acting like lovesick teenagers in public. But apparently not. It drove Bucky mad, honestly; he always asked how they kept it up. Steve didn’t really know what else there was to explain other than that he just really, really loved Tony, and Tony really, really loved him. It was that simple.
“Sir was not in a fit state to be driving last night,” JARVIS responded, “I requested to take over and he wired me in.”
“Shut up,” Steve muttered, wincing as one of the sour tomatoes exploded under his teeth. God, cafeteria food was disgusting. “Not my fault you fucking stole my shoes and made me lose track of time while I looked for them.”
Tony looked at it for a second, and then felt his eyes widen. They were the notes Tony had been making while he’d been constructing his website- ideas and future plans, and people that he could speak to. Bruce was on the list. He was at college, currently studying Unhuman psychology. Tony had thought he would be a helpful starter.
Well, as far as stupid went, giving your heart away to a kid that wasn’t even yours sure was up there.
He turned on his heel again, walking back up to Steve and then raising his hands to cup Steve’s face.  And then, without a pause, Tony leaned in and kissed him soundly.
There was a long silence, Tony stiffening in front of him quickly and brutally. His face blanked, and Steve felt like an idiot.
Clearly, social services were very much out. What with AIM’s interest and the fact that they were almost certainly monitoring the comings and goings of all children who were taken into care, everyone knew that allowing him to get put into the system would basically be the same as handing him straight over to the terrorists themselves. As Tony had suggested, Xavier was also a good option, but seeing as Peter was currently being hunted down by a rather formidable enemy, bringing him into a school full of young and vulnerable children would be potentially disastrous. AIM were salivating at the mouth over the prospect of one superhuman kid- none of the Avengers wanted to introduce them to a school full of them.
Steve ground his teeth together and turned his head, looking at the dash sullenly. “Just… the way he reacted after,” he muttered eventually, “he was… I dunno. Freaking out, I think. But he saw the state I was in and acted like he didn’t give a shit. Just told me to stay under the bed for three hours until he came back from where Howard had asked him to go. I was- I mean, he didn’t even let me try and talk to him. Just gave me an order and then slammed the door behind him before I could say anything else or even hope to actually have a conversation about it. I don’t know what got into him.” Steve grimaced again, picking at his nails. “It just hurt, that was all. I got pissed off. And my dust allergies kicked in too, so I just couldn’t stay under there.
Steve understood, even though he’d never had the same problem. There had only been three people whose opinions he’d really given half a shit about, and he’d known the moment he’d come out to them that they wouldn’t have even batted an eyelid to it. But the thought of having to hide that part of himself, even if it was just occasionally, made his stomach turn uncomfortably.
The shouting was getting steadily louder as Bucky joined in, and Steve groaned in despair, turning on his heel and quickly retracing his steps. Jesus- it was gonna be real fuckin’ inconvenient if Tony and Bucky ended up hating eachother. Steve was not willing to deal with that shit, at all. He’d sit them down and force them to talk to eachother if he had to.
“Orders can be circumvented if I believe it is in your best interest to do so,” JARVIS informed him.
Steve glanced up for a second, blushing just a little. Sam gave him one raised eyebrow before sighing in despair. “Man, I can’t even blame you. Math can suck my ass, none of it makes any sense to me.”
That was all Tony's fault. Fucking Tony Stark, with his fucking eyes and his fucking hands and his fucking smile and God, he was a mess, but he smiled at Steve so genuinely and he could be so kind-
Tony paused his kissing of Steve’s neck in order to pull a face. “You’re choosing pancakes over sex?”
Their lives are stressful as fuck. It’s exhausting. But at the end of the day, they get to come home and watch the shitty movie. They get to listen to the quiet pattering of rain against the window or the gentle sound of the other’s heartbeat, tangle their fingers together and maybe just sleep. It’s more than a lot of people could hope for.
“I’m not, I told you, this isn’t… I’m no good with them, not in the long term, and they’re smelly and dumb and loud and—”
Tony continued on, unfazed. “Okay, so I have a proposition,” he said casually, pushing open the main exit doors and then plodding easily down the stairs. He stopped halfway down, however. “I’ll let you down if you agree to go on a date with me.”
There was no response, but Tony heard the smallest hitch of breath, rapid and shaky. Tony made his way around the machine until he got Steve in his sights, then held back the gasp that threatened to spill from his lips.
Clint looked behind him at the rather innocuous-looking chamber. Then he turned back to Steve, concern in his eyes. “You okay?” He asked, his two fingers slipping over Steve’s neck and checking his pulse. His eyes widened a little. “Whoah, that doesn’t sound normal.”
“I would give anything to hear my mom’s voice one more time,” Steve blurted, and Tony glanced up at him curiously as he slowly turned redder and redder. “She died after two weeks in a coma and she never got to- she didn’t even get to say goodbye properly. We hadn’t expected it. The last thing I said to her-“ he broke off, laughing a little wetly as he ran a suddenly shaking hand through his hair. “-I think I was asking her if she wanted some milk from the store? And then- God, she sent me a voicemail, you know? I deleted it- I wish I’d just kept it, just a little bit longer. That was the last time I heard her speak. I’d give anything for that stupid voicemail back.”
who had everything? Steve wasn’t gonna lie; he was shit at thinking of gifts to give people. He was also laughably broke, which didn’t help either. All in all, birthdays and Christmases were just big disasters that usually ended up with one bashful Steve, one bag of his friend’s favourite candies and the promise to act as their slave for one chosen day. Bucky and Peggy were used to that- Bucky and Peggy expected that at this point.
The closer he got, the more he became aware that this fight was done, but only just. Bodies of HYDRA agents littered the ground sporting a variety of wounds, from slashes to bullets to a crudely carved wooden spike stuck in the eye-hole of one of their masks. Steve could see immediately from the craftsmanship that it was Natasha’s work. He broke his silence, looking around desperately as he called out her name. He didn’t care who else heard him. He’d kill them if they moved. “NATASHA! RHODEY?”
about how much worse this was going to get the longer they spent around Peter. How much it was going to hurt when they had to move on.
“What the hell is going on?” Came a voice from behind them all, and Tony felt an involuntary smile creep up his face as he registered the voice.
They glanced at eachother again- Steve felt like he missed whole conversations from those eyes alone. Eventually, Rhodey just sighed, leaning wearily against the wall and shaking his head a bit.
There was a long silence again. Tony wasn’t looking at him, and Steve had a feeling that there was more to that mark than just a fist in the face. There was an awful lot more to Tony that the surface, though. If Steve wanted to sort through it all, he wouldn’t even be too sure where to begin.
“Who says you’re looking after yourself?” Thor asked as he tugged on his jacket. “Steve might be staying in school, but I’ve found myself suddenly very sick with the flu. Loki’s going to make sure everyone knows I’m not going to be coming in for a few days, and my mother has sent in an email to the school explaining my condition.”
Steve blinked at him. “Then what the hell are we supposed to with him?” He said bewilderedly, “Tony, sweetheart, you have to be rational. That’s the only place for him—”
Taking a deep breath, Clint was the first to step forward, glancing down at the paper in his hands and looking to Nat, who nodded solemnly.
Steve shook his head, watching as Tony acknowledged it and then turned to a nearby cupboard, leaning up in order to pull what looked like a first-aid kit from within. “Good. You still look like shit though. We’ll need to clean you up.”
At that, Steve couldn’t help but smile sadly down at Tony, who he noticed had ended up half-curled around Steve, head still down by his shoulder. “Oh, Tony- I watched my mother waste away over a 12 month period and there was not a damn thing I could do to help her. Believe me; I know a hell of a lot about all the self blame bullshit.”
“You know, it’s okay to still be fucked up about what happened,” Tony said softly, “it’s okay. And Bucky might look like you just shot his grandmother, but if you need to talk to him about it, I’m 100% certain he will be there-”
It was toward the end of their meal that Steve got the call. Fishing it out of his pocket, he thumbed answer and smiled automatically. “Hey, Tasha,” he said, “how’s it b—”
They all continued their fire at the Robot’s front while Iron Man forced his way through the weakened section of the energy barrier at the back, and after a few more seconds Tony finally broke through, careering toward the Robot’s neck with his repulsors outstretched. Steve watched with morbid curiosity as the Robot did its best impression of a howl, suddenly realising Tony had made it through the energy barrier around it. It flailed, reaching a hand behind its back, but Tony clung on despite its attempts to dislodge it, firing a concentrated burst of blue energy right from his chest and burning through the metal on the robot’s back. “DISTRACT IT!” Tony yelled as a giant black hand clamped around his torso, and Steve didn’t have to be told twice. He flew the jet downward, JARVIS making sure that he didn’t go careening off into the ocean, and then aimed right for its face. The thing twisted wildly, whipping out a hand to cover while the other left Tony and extended outward, grabbing for the jet. Its fingers wrapped around a wing, and oh,
Thanos arrived, and he already had all the stones with him, save for the one in Vision’s head. They came at him, fearless, knowing that it wouldn’t work. Steve looked behind him, saw Wanda gearing up to land the final blow on Vision, and his heart curdled with agony. No one ever seemed to get their happy ending. No one got to just love without complication, and it wasn’t fair. It wasn’t fucking fair. Steve had done everything to try and let Wanda escape that fate, knowing what his own reaction would have been if killing Tony was the only way to destroy the stone. He wasn’t sure whether he would have done it. The national Hero, a man chemically engineered into a soldier, and he still didn’t think he’d be able to make that play.
There was a short silence on the other end, and Steve was about to move the conversation on to some more comfortable territory before Tony spoke back up again. “Right,” he said, “okay. Well, if it helps, I brought back some complimentary cookies that I pilfered from the lecture-hall snack bar. They might be a bit fluffy, ‘cuz I had to put them in my pocket, but I know you like chocolate chip so I thought you’d appreciate it.”
Steve wanted to scream, but he was too exhausted. There was a hopelessness in the pit of his stomach- aware that Tony was going to do this, whether he wanted it or not- and when he did, it would be for good. Steve would never again see his face, touch his skin, feel his unwavering presence by his side.
, Peter's eyes drooped and he fell back to sleep. Steve was the one who pointed it out, nodding over to Peter and then fading out into a hum, which then became silence. Blissful, beautiful silence.
Steve laughed and kissed his eyelids- or at least, tried to. He ended up hitting Tony’s brow instead. “Those words don’t make any sense,” he murmured, before leaning back and pulling Tony up smoothly. It was moments like these when Tony was reminded very promptly of how strong Steve was, even while drunk off his ass. He repositioned Tony onto his lap so that Tony was straddling him, nodded to himself at his handiwork, and then immediately started to try and remove Tony’s clothes.
Tony just choked a little wetly. “Yeah,” he muttered, “you could fucking say that.” He buried his head into Steve’s chest and then shut his eyes, letting the tiredness rush back over him now that he at least had Steve in his arms, his warm body proving to Tony what his rational mind already knew. He shifted his hand and tangled his fingers into Steve’s own, holding on tight and feeling Steve do the same. They’d spent more time in hospitals like these than Tony could possibly keep track of by that point in his life, sometimes for weeks and weeks on end. The injuries weren’t ever going to get easier to deal with- big or small. He hated watching Steve cut his thumb on the mail, nevermind seeing his whole damned heart stop. It was dangerous, with the lives they lived, to get attached to anyone, really. Tony had seen too many people die in the blink of an eye; whole lives just disappearing at the firing of a gun or a mistake on the field. It was a damning thought.
Tony smiled, nodding jerkily and then shuffling around to look at Steve again. He bit his lip. “I don’t know what to do now,” he admitted quietly, glancing between the two people sat beside him, “I don’t even know where to begin. Jesus- I’m fucking homeless, guys.
But Tony’s hand snuck around his jaw, pressed into his face, directed his line of sight back to Tony. His face was serious, and his eyes looked down at Steve desperately. “That part of our life is over,” he declared with vigour, the words hissing around his teeth, “it is
Quickly kissing Tony goodbye, he slipped out of his seat and then made his way through the cafeteria and down the corridors full of milling students, waving to Sharon as she passed him by and then stopping off at his locker in order to grab some more pencils that he’d left there earlier last week. His mind wandered easily; thinking about Christmas, about the wonky set of bangs Natasha had cut for herself last night, and about what he thought he was gonna be having for dinner later that evening when he got back home.
Tony backed up as Steve took another step forward, his thighs hitting the side of the desk. “I do what the fuck I want,” he said, his voice angry and his lip curled, showing bravery he really wasn’t feeling.
There was a moment’s worth of silence before Tony eventually nodded once. He put down Steve’s things on the doormat gently, and then looked to Bucky.
He could still feel his heart beating in his ears, and his body felt like it was alive with electricity. He wondered how long that feeling would last. Probably a very long time- the thought of ever… of ever getting used to something like that was just absurd, really.
“I don’t have anything on me,” Steve lied grimly, continuing to walk down the road, “I’m not worth that trouble you’re gonna get into.”
They remained there for a good few minutes or so, Steve fitting himself in between Tony’s legs as he sat on the counter up in front of him. His mouth felt delicious, skin soft against Tony’s, and the occasional hum of pleasure from low in Steve’s throat sent little shivers down Tony’s neck every time. Tony had kissed a few people before; again, this was mostly at StarkInudstries events while drunk. The people involved had always been older, and always just been looking for a way to kill time, so it’d never been particularly life-changing. But kissing Steve felt like finding Nirvana. He just
“Anyway,” Darcy leaned back and cocked her head over to him curiously, “what’cha doing this weekend? A date that’s not officially a date but is still totally a date?”
He woke up late for school and didn’t even care. Turned up forty minutes into first period and sat at his desk silently for the remainder of the lesson. Then sat in the bathroom for break, knees curled up to his chest and face impassive as he stared at the door. He didn’t bother going to the late detention that night, either, even though he knew it would only make things worse. He just couldn’t find it in himself to care.
“I don’t know what came over me,” Steve said, his eyes guilty as he settled a hand delicately on Tony’s neck, “but I’m sorry. It was out of line.”
“I know you’re not okay,” Tony told him with a shrug and a half-smile, “you think I can’t see it? But believe me- this isn’t the way to deal with it.”
“Good,” Steve said earnestly, before pausing for a moment and looking down. “But Tony- I feel like I should warn you, I’ve not… I’ve never done any of this before, okay- never been in a relationship, never even kissed anyone. I’m probably gonna fuck up all the time, I don’t- I’m no good at this stuff-“
“I think that Barton is a little too drunk to sit up right now,” Bruce declared, popping up out of nowhere. Tony jumped and turned, spotting the man as he sprawled over the coffee table, playing with Thor’s fingers whilst the God merely sat still and hummed a happy tune.
“We’re going to google him like stalkers,” Bucky clarified, then dodged a smack around the head from Peggy.
“I really do like Tony,” he said quietly, “he’s not what you think. I swear. But after what Bucky said to him, he’s not answering my texts. Says he doesn’t think we should talk any more.”
“No one is lifting any steel girders tonight,” Steve told them, lifting his head away from Tony’s shoulder for a moment.
Steve was close, and he was smiling softly down at Tony, and he’d just complimented Tony on how smart he was looking for the New Years’ party whilst his hand guided them over to the buffet via the small of Tony’s back and it just
He just rolled his eyes again. Ty was just like every other bully he’d met before- too big for his goddamn boots and desperate to show off how massive he thought his own dick was. “Sure thing, Darcy. Hey, Sam, pass me your plate.”
“It always gets worse when Howard is releasing a new project,” Tony told him one time, after he’d pulled off his scarf and then wrapped it around Steve’s neck to try and warm him up, “I’m so sorry for keeping you waiting, I just couldn’t shake them-“
He looked at Tony, his face almost split in half from the intensity of his smile. Tony was holding Steve’s jaw in his hands, and his grin was big enough to match Steve’s own. “So,” the man’s beard brushed Steve’s cheeks as he spoke, “what’s our first act as a newly-engaged couple gonna be?”
Rumlow simply sneered. “Maybe. But I’d rather not risk it. Plus, I never really liked Rogers anyway. So if it’s all the same with you…” rather than finishing the sentence, Rumlow rushed forward and swiped his blade sideways, aiming for Steve’s midsection once more. Were he not disadvantaged by the rather excruciating pain in his side, Steve would probably have given him a fair fight. But Rumlow had a knife, and all Steve had was an inch-deep wound in his side that was currently restricting a lot of his movement. He knew that he wasn’t going to be able to compete. Not in the long run.
Steve frowned, leaning back a little and looking at Tony’s face. It was creased up like he was staring at a puzzle he just couldn’t solve. “What do you mean, sweetheart?” He asked.
So Steve shook his head, pulling Tony’s hands from his own face and then clutching his bony fingers around it. “It’s not something I’d hold you to if you did, that’s all,” he hurried to assure, “I just- you know, they were all wearing fur and talking about lobster, and that’s not- it’s not a place I belong, and it’s a different sort of setting, and so I just… I mean I guess you could have warned me, because it was kinda painful to have that happen out of left field, but I mean, at the end of the day I know that I’m not-“
It was late. Tony should probably have tried to get some sleep. But his thoughts still raced, despite Steve’s best efforts to fuck him senseless. Usually that would work. But tonight, unfortunately, there was too much on his mind.
“No,” Tony told him petulantly, “I’m still 23 and I won’t hear any other opinions on the matter, thank you. Steve can attest.”
She pouted, folding her arms and staring at him. “Just because you’re not getting any action doesn’t mean you have to be bitter, Rogers.”
Tony watched him fiddle around for a second or two before catching Tony’s fingers in his own. The look of triumph on Steve’s face was truly unnecessary, but Tony laughed anyway, the sound turning soft when Steve’s mouth touched against his knuckles.
“How long do you intend to keep this up? Are you looking for long-term, or is more of a curiosity thing?” And okay- that was it, he was
Steve nodded. He’d dealt with a lot of dislocated shoulders in his time. That shouldn’t be too hard. “Do you have any butterfly stitches?” He asked Thor, turning back to Tony. “I’d say he needs proper ones, but if he won’t go to hospital…”
The bus ride and walk home was uneventful as always, and when he trundled through the door and dropped his bags, he was greeted by the off-key singing of Sam’s dad from the kitchen.
direct me to the fastest mode of transport I can take to get to Santa Barbara?” When the robot remained quiet, Steve growled irritably. “Come
He turned off the shower and stepped out, drying himself off hastily and then wrapping the towel around his waist before he slipped back into the room. It was getting dark as the winter evening shrouded New York. Tony was stood watching the city from the window, hand curled around a glass of whiskey. It had been a long day.
There was a long silence; both of them standing off at the door, hands held firmly in pockets or against door-frames. Steve held his resolve for all of three more seconds before huffing irritably and pulling Bucky forward into a tight hug.
“Oh look, it’s Steve!” One of them called out, and he bit back on a sigh and kept his head looking into his locker, hoping they’d just walk off with nothing more than a few nasty comments thrown his way.
“Steve, just let it go. Walk away. He wants to be an asshole, fine, but you’re better than that, come on,” Tony said quietly, a hand pressing Steve back a little, knowing it would do jack-all unless Steve relented.
“Yeah. Yeah, I do.” That’d been a complete goddamn nightmare, involving way too much alcohol, a bar fight and a brief bomb threat. Steve had gotten yelled at by the President, and Tony had laughed at him fondly while poking at Clint’s new tramp-stamp that he’d drunkenly decided to get. “Did we ever get told we were allowed back into the country, or are we still banned?”
Tony had stayed- put himself in danger day after day, gone through Steve yelling and insulting and hurting him- because he’d thought Steve was worth it. He couldn’t pinpoint quite why that felt so utterly soul-crushing, but it did. It did.
Tony looked down, cocking his head and trying to see a resemblance. The child had a thick head of hair already, curly and wild and chocolate brown. His nose was button-like, different to Clint's wonky potato one. Then again, he supposed it had been broken so many times that no one could know what it had looked like at the beginning. "It might not be a son," he tried, "nephew? Third cousin twice-removed?"
“Good to hear you too, Steve. But- oh right, right, sorry, there’s a pressing issue at hand. THANOS is HERE.”
So Steve remains optimistic, because he loves his friends, he loves taking down villains, and he loves being celebrated by America. His life is good, and it'll just be even better with someone to be in love with.
The boy's face was a mess of fear. It haunts. They had played and fought and come near to death, but not too near, and now it really happened.
After all the proud ramblings and money and stolen time Howard spent on the great hero of Captain America, Tony expects a little less than a sneer in his face- "Take away the suit, what are you?"
I miss you. Sometimes I lie awake thinking of you, Tony. What it would feel like to have you in my arms again.
From then on Steve always covers them up, and when people question it, he tells them they're scars he's insecure about. It's nearly true and it works, anyway.
Numbness. That's what registers in Steve's head as he throws punch after punch, bruising knuckles, into the unyielding crimson-gold metal suit, and he knows that's what Tony- no,
I’m grateful to have friends by my side. I have Bucky, and Clint, and Nat. And T’challa is a good man. He’s always busy running a whole country and all, but he makes time for me. He made me a new uniform.
The Avengers are assembled at a vast conference table, smooth and black, situated in Stark Tower. Thick and heavy with tension, unspoken words seem to hang in the air like a crushing pressure that's weighing down onto everyone. Steve feels guilty, especially for the incident concerning Wanda last week, and if it's one thing he hates, it's disagreeing with Tony.
, burying his face into his neck, tasting salt and water on his own lips and Tony's face, wondering what have I done, what have I
"Stop it. Just stop," and her voice is rising, "I loved you once, Tony, I probably did, but it's over! You don't really think about me that way anymore, and neither do I. You
On the way up, he calls Pepper, because even though they had a nasty fight and she has a soulmate now and he will never be with her, she's still one of his best friends. She's stuck with him through the thick and thin, and he can love her platonically, too- he knows he can.
Yeah, no shit. I should quit leaving messages on this burnout phone to a man I nearly killed two years ago, who doesn’t even open them. Maybe I should stop. Maybe that would be an okay idea.
“We can… wow… we can discuss that later. But yeah... the Avengers did break up. There was a fight and... everything. But it’s good to hear your voice, Bruce.”
Oh, and their... not-so-secret weapon, the Hulk. Tony may be relying a little too much on them, and his suit, of course, but the fight is nearing. He feels it in his bones.
Stark doesn't even pretend to not know what he's talking about, and nods. They're speechless. But then-
"You have people to return to at your home. Some of them may be gone, but there will surely be people left." Nebula almost quickens in her pace. "But I have no one left. The only one who loved me lies dead. You cannot feel the loss like me, and so you will keep walking."
Steven was bent at the waist, massaging a thick hand to his spasming thigh and eyeing Thor in reproach. “That hurt”
“You’ll have to touch it first” Frandal groused brokenly, his voice hoarse and low though his disfigured face doing nothing to hide his cheekiness. Thor grinned toothily.
Thor joined Hogun and Sif, pulling Steven to his side and bestowing fleeting kisses to the man between bites of buttered bread, their conversation soft and pleasant though Sif’s gaze was resolutely set on her plate through-out the meal. Hogun cleared his throat after a moment of silence following a quick peck to the Soldier’s neck that earnt him a sharp look and a fierce blush.
“Steven, I am a God of Fertility.” Thor chuckled patiently for his flustered husband, before his face morphed and sobered; eyes darkened dangerously as he gazed at his spouse with lustful promise “You will
Said God landed in the ruins of the Halls of healing. Eyes flaming and Hammer buzzing with barely repressed power.
“Heimdall?!” Thor shot back in surprise, and a pinch of fear; at the sudden appearance of the Guardian on the other side of the field. Steven rose to his feet gingerly, wiping away the dirt from where they rolled about like children with a welcoming smile, all signs of his earlier turmoil gone in a blink.
“Captain, an honor to finally make your acquaintance.” Volstagg smiled handsomely, releasing the Captain and stepping back for Hogun to come forth.
Steve frowned “I will have to marry an Alien God, I don’t think it will sit well with them if I just stay here”
The feast in honor to the future nuptials was an opulent extravagance of Asgardian riches, open to all who would join, the halls filled to the brim of Asgardians celebrating his betrothal with ale and meats.
“What is this?” Steve questioned, receiving a small device from Fury’s hand, and turning it carefully. The Director met his blue eyes with an icy, fatal gaze.
“Ha! What do I look like to you? A wedding planner?” Fury chortled and shook his head “You can have a royal barbeque in central park for all I care.”
His balls began to slap on her perky cheeks as he moved faster, sharper, pulling her back onto his cock in sharp, demanding pulls. Pepper moaned with each cleaving, her voice getting higher and higher as she struggled to stay upright and take the onslaught on her ass.
, Captain” Fury corrected, his face for once an open book that read of wonder. Steve fidgeted under the weight of the clear fanatism, but nodded nonetheless, turning to the woman to his right.
Steve bit his lips as he changed into his clothes, allowing the God’s eyes to wander as an apology for the ill treatment, however well earnt; Thor was not to blame for his own confused feelings. His husband had brightened considerably by the time they joined the Warrior Three and Lady Sif for their breakfast, Thor having spent most of their grooming time openly staring at Steve strip and dress, a sultry grin on his face and his cock twitching unabashedly on his thick thigh as he lay on their blanket to enjoy the view. And if Steve took his time getting ready, well, there is nothing wrong with giving your husband a little show.
Steve just laughed woodenly and nodded his head a little. “Could say that, yeah,” he looked down, watching Tony as he played a gentle rhythm on Steve’s pulse.
Because that’s what they did. They screamed and threw mugs and spewed venom at one another, declaring they were finished or they hated one another.
The man eyed him, but then apparently decided it wasn’t worth the hassle to question him and just rolled his chair over to a different computer, where he pressed a few buttons. It only took a moment. “Says here that Agent Rumlow signed into interview room 7 earlier. Don’t think they’re planning on keeping him there long though.”
. Was it selfish to forget to put them away? Maybe it was. Maybe Tony just needed to grow the fuck up and pull his weight. Fuck, Steve was probably right.
Picking out one of his favourite ones- a selfie of him and Steve sat in his armchair, curled into one another and smiling tiredly into the camera- he cropped the image and then posted it up on his Instagram, tagging Steve in the corner and captioning it with a simple love heart. He didn’t have that many followers, but he got a buzz almost immediately to show Steve had responded to it; a self-deprecating comment about the crookedness of his smile, and then an extra comment about how pretty Tony looked. After a quick check to snapchat, he saw that Steve had not responded to any of the group’s conversation over there. But he’d answered Tony’s.
. He didn’t aim it above his fucking head. As soon as you’d disappeared, I saw the gun, and it was nowhere near the sky. He
Tony hitched his bag up, the anger returning as he recalled his story, "-seniors asking an eight grader to do all their homework? There were
em>Are you still doing prompts? Cus if so..... An avengers party with a drunk Steve on Asgardian mead
, anything at all that made him feel like he was being productive. Turned out shaving was the first thing he thought of. Perhaps not his greatest plan ever, but it was better than just sitting and moping.
Steve slid his knee between Tony’s open legs and pressed gently down on his crotch, and yeah, okay, wow, that shut him up pretty fast. Tony swallowed and looked down at his bastard of a husband- but the other man’s eyes were already fucking closed. He quite clearly was not intending to
Steve watched him for a few seconds, gauging how ready his mouth was to talk. His head ached. Every bone in his body seemed to hurt, in fact. Like he’d been put through a meat grinder.
“Peter had never experienced what it felt like to be loved before us,” Steve told him eventually, voice shaking just a touch, “you watched those videos right along with me. You saw what he went through. He had never had someone hold him, or sing to him, or smile at him. He went through the first critical stages of his life entirely uncared for.”
Tony looked like he might debate it for a moment, but then he just nodded, forcefully shaking the thoughts from his head as he fell onto the bed. They put their pyjamas on hastily, and then Steve pulled Tony back into his arms the moment they were done. He still felt shaken. They’d been so lucky today. A single different variable in the equation and everything could have gone very differently. He barely even dared to think about it, instead just holding Tony a little tighter and pressing a kiss into his shoulder, letting the heavy relief wash over him. “M’sorry,” he mumbled as he pressed Tony close, tried to block out the intrusive thoughts from his mind, “I should have seen him.”
“No you won’t,” the girl said angrily, before jumping off the counter with a huff. She shot daggers at Steve as she stormed out past him, and he just stared right back at her, completely bewildered.
Against Steve’s shoulder, he felt Tony shaking his head. Steve breathed out slowly, closing his eyes and resting his head against Tony’s gently. “What about your dad?” He asked softly, “where was he? Why wasn’t he…”
He tried not to let the words sink too deep under his skin, or he knew he’d drown in the weight of it. Just looked at Tony and let that anchor him instead- the sense of a shared experience, a shared weight on both of their shoulders.
“Yes to the asshole part. No to the ‘you hate me part’, Yes to the ‘you suck’ part, but probably in a different context to what you’re thinking.” Tony paused, before looking at Steve’s face with a frown. “You might want to go A&E for that nose. Looks broken.”
Tony smiled, and he squeezed Steve’s fingers once more before letting go. “Then what the hell are you waiting for, Rogers? Go save the universe. You can kiss me later.”
They end up in Steve’s room, and Tony is just about to start thinking up inappropriate comments to make when Steve pulls up Tony’s hands and places an old-looking organiser in it, making his fingers close delicately around the spine. It’s an obvious invitation to read, so Tony does, because otherwise he’d just keep looking at Steve all night and, satisfying as that may be, he’d probably just get punched.
He hid a grin in his hand and then offered a chip up to Steve’s mouth, letting the man take it between his teeth and smile warmly at him in thanks. “I love you,” he declared, the words slipping easily from his mouth. Steve glanced at him, and then a second later his eyes narrowed.
Steve blinked. The underside of Tony’s bed was dusty, and playing havoc with his allergies, only made worse by the bloody nose. “I… Tony, I can’t exactly stay here for three hours, hiding under your bed.”
Steve couldn’t help it. His breath caught in his throat automatically, Tony yet again taking his breath away in the same way he managed to do every time Steve set eyes on him.
Then Steve hurled him across the room like he weighed nothing more than a pebble, and those thoughts quickly vanished from his mind.
Steve had felt big, standing up in that skyscraper with Bucky. But he’d never felt smaller in that moment- watching the sun turn everything gold, looking at the huge concrete jungle and seeing how tiny and childlike it seemed now. This was… stunning.
giving me enough affection. But Steve, I do care. I do. It haunts me, the day we caught Clint, it hon’stly does, an’ I know I act like a fuckin’ asshole, but you mean more t’me than anything. All of you.
“You’re back,” he whispers happily, before crossing the room and pulling Tony into his arms, almost certainly smearing him with paint in the process. Not that Tony gives a fuck.
Steve nodded softly against his neck, remembered the flash of a memory that wasn’t quite his—the last thing that a version of Steve Rogers had seen before he’d died. It had been Tony’s eyes.
As he slowly calmed back down and began to drift off once more, he vaguely wondered whether or not the boy who Steve had been months back, when he’d first moved to Manhattan, alone and orphaned and more miserable than he’d ever thought he could be, would ever have imagined he’d reach a stage like this. Wrapped in the arms of someone else, sleeping on a pillow-strewn floor of a friend’s house with a dozen other people.
He paused for a fraction of a second, and then, miraculously, Peter's crying wavered, just a little bit as he opened his eyes and looked up at Steve curiously. Tony's mouth dropped further, and he stared at Steve. The other man looked back up like a rabbit caught in the headlights, before Tony gestured wildly for him to continue with a rapid move of his hand.
Monday, he supposed, could’ve been worse. He didn’t get into any fights and he didn’t gather himself any detentions. He did pretty well, all things considered. He was a little quieter, a little more subdued, but he told everyone he was just tired. Sick with a bug. It was easier than telling them that just socializing was suddenly ten times harder than it should be, and his brain felt empty of all possible conversation. There was nothing to say. He didn’t want to talk.
Bucky leaned forward and poked him warily in the chest. "Hey, sorry man. You're right. Tony'd have to be stupid to be ashamed of you, I'm just- I'm just being a dick, you know me."
He shook his head, so Bucky instead handed him his own mobile from out of his pocket. “Well I do. I think you should call him. Ask if he knows what’s going on there. That- it sounds like a sort of… I dunno, I don’t want to call it that on a whim, but Rhodey might know more than we do.”
“Sounds like fun,” Steve said drily, poking Sam’s foot when it got too close to his face, “hey- can I invite some of my friends over here? Just two. But I want you guys to meet, and they’re both free today, so-“
Tony smiled down at him, and Bruce returned it until Nat poked him in the arm and his focus shifted. “Happy Christmas,” she said, showing them her watch, now reading at 00:00.
“Have you checked motor functions of Sir’s left arm in order to ensure the reduction of his dislocation was entirely successful?”
“I know, but it’s not going to be finished when you’re like this,” Steve gestured around the room, “you know it won’t. I shouldn’t have let you go to work this morning in the first place, or at least warned Pepper about it first, and that’s on me. But right now, I think you’ve had enough today. I’d really like to take you home. It’s not going to make any of the problems go away, per se, but I think it would help. You up for that?”
Tony was silent. His hand was still against Steve’s face; every second spent there making him feel warmer and warmer. Eventually, Tony dropped it- and Steve would probably have made what was undoubtedly a very embarrassing noise if not for the feel of that same hand dropping to curl around his waist a second later. “Come on, Rogers,” he said, wrapping the other arm around Steve’s middle so that he pretty much encompassed Steve entirely, “let’s get you to the car.”
“Are you going to tell me what I want to know now, Captain?” She asked quietly, “or would you like me to show you some more?”
He sat on the edge of the bath and watched while Steve delicately attempted to navigate dressing Peter, getting steadily more flustered as Peter continued to wriggle and squirm and generally be a nuisance. Tony instructed Steve to just hold on and guide Peter’s arm through firmly, but it took a good while before Steve became assured that it wouldn’t hurt Peter, and the full two minutes of teeth-brushing had come and gone before Steve finally leaned back and gestured at a now fully-clothed baby. He looked inordinately proud.
“His vitals aren’t showing up on my phone. They—the only way they wouldn’t show up was if the suit was removed from him, and he never—he doesn’t ever take it off when he’s on a mission, unless it’s over, and in that case he would have sent me a message—”
He saluted wearily and then jogged off, and once he had ducked around the corner it was pretty much just Steve, Clint, Sam and Natasha left in the cafeteria. He could see the kitchen staff eyeing them up warily from behind the counters.
Steve gaped a little, completely shocked that his idea had even been considered. He wasn’t even sure why he’d said it- he was lactose fucking intolerant, for God’s sake, he didn’t
Steve just shrugged. “Not most times, no,” he admitted, “but babies are… different, I dunno. I know you can bounce back from some things. But kids?” He shook his head again. “I watched so many babies get whooping cough and never recover. Polio, measles, whatever. I heard them cry every night because they were so hungry and no one had any money to feed ‘em. They need so much help and care, and I don’t—what if I fucked that up?”
“Did you know you talk like a historical period actor when you get drunk?” Steve blurted, whilst wondering who these ‘other two’ were exactly. Siblings? Did Tony have brothers and sisters- really, Steve should’ve found that out by now-
back when he walked through the corridors. Sometimes Tony would say hi, and Steve would say it back warily, keeping a hand tight around his backpack as he watched where Tony’s beautifully hazel eyes went, and whether they were plotting anything.
Tony nodded and pushed himself up out of his chair, feeling about three different joints crack as he did so. His neck was now uncomfortably sore, but he wasn’t going to inform Steve of that fact, because then he would have to admit that he should have gone to bed, and Tony was not willing to concede that. Even if it was true.
He felt like a dick. He knew, in his head, that when he picked apart the things that Tony had done and berated him for it, whenever he told him to do better and got on his back over the things he’d done, it was out of concern for his safety. Steve wanted to keep him safe but he didn’t know how, so that frustration manifested more sharply than Tony deserved it to be, more cutting and unimpressed than what Tony needed.
He watched with a sigh as Tony turned back around and wandered off with his other friends, until he felt Thor pat him on the shoulder. Turning his head, he noted the other boy looking in the direction all the others had left off in too.
Tony looked at Steve, still trying to actually conceive what was happening here. Steve just looked at him, waiting for a sign of confirmation, and when Tony gave a confused nod of his head, Steve wasted absolutely no time in sweeping him directly off his feet and into an effortless bridal carry, beginning to manoeuvre them both out of the communal room at a brisk pace.
The sprint to the aircraft was relatively short, and with both Bucky and Steve shielding Tony, it was almost easy. They all reached the ship after a few seconds, and Steve quickly turned, lifting his shield up in front of Tony’s path so that the other man could leap on. With a grunt, Steve swung the shield up high, and Tony flew upward with it, landing gracefully on the wing of the ship as the momentum propelled him.
He eyed them as they left together, talking and laughing amongst themselves. Peggy wandered up to his side, nudging him in the ribs until he sighed and turned to her. “Yes?” He asked, cocking his head in question like he didn’t already know exactly what Peggy was talking about.
Steve’s face stilled as he put two and two together. “You watched them… hurting him, didn’t you,” he whispered, looking down at Peter as he played with Tony’s tie, completely oblivious.
“I don’t need anything,” Steve growled viciously- too vicious, he knew, Clint didn’t deserve that, but he couldn’t help it. He felt too exposed- too long with Clint staring at him like that would only end up with Steve breaking under it, and then what would he do? “I don’t need you, I don’t need Bucky- and yes, I know you fucking called him, the spam of messages makes it obvious enough- I just need to be… alone. For a bit. I’m sorry, I just… I have to.”
“I won’t fall off if you promise to wear a helmet this time,” Steve responded, following Tony out of the door.
The world seemed to slow for a moment or two as Tony’s mind sifted through the meaning of the words, found the overall conclusion in what all this was about. He landed on it slowly, steadily, in the way he always did. Logic first, reaction later.
Immediately, Steve pointed to Tony and Tony nodded back over to Steve.  "We're both out," Steve said firmly, "so if it's anyone's, it's Clint or Thor or Bruce."
And then they got home, and Tony already had the search-system set back up again, and he told Steve that “we’ll find him, baby. We will. We’ll find him and we’ll make sure he’s safe, and maybe try and help him, how does that sound?”-- And it was too important that he had Tony on side to risk that with the truth of what he knew. Bucky needed Tony more than he needed Steve. Because Tony could actually help. Maybe he could break through the programming, or find Bucky with all his fancy tech.
feeling. Past tense. Because… because in trying to get him back, in coming down here with you, I found what I was looking for. I found a friend. Someone who understood me, and could help me with my pain. Tony, I found a home here.” He looked up at the ceiling, looked over to DUM-E as the bot tried (and failed) to sweep the floor. “I found you, and the team, and I learned all about the future and it became less terrifying and more… reality. It took a while to come to terms with it. But you helped me so much, Tony, and I don’t know how to thank you for that.”
“Well, we aren’t going to help you with your Tony Stark problem if you hate us then, are we?” Bucky asked, whilst Peggy nodded solemnly.
He shook his head. No, no, he couldn’t. “I—I have an apartment,” he croaked, “in Washington. I’ll take my stuff, be out of your hair. It’s… you don’t have to worry.”
“Where is he,” Steve whispered, his voice wet as he looked at Bruce. Everything was so fuzzy in his head, and he was so Goddamn confused. They’d messed with his brain. They’d made him attack Tony. Now Bruce was here saying he was okay, but
“Does… I mean, which one of them has a motorbike?” Steve couldn’t help himself- he was ridiculously curious, and he just wanted to know as much as he could about the boy with the blue eyes and dark hair as possible. “Pretty expensive looking- leather seats, and really blue eyes- the boy, not the bike, obviously.”
“Oh Jesus- Steve,” he said with a small laugh, taking the man’s face in his hands and tilting it back up so he was looking right at Tony, “sweetheart, I’m married to
easily, in the space of nothing more than a few days. It was fucking pathetic. “How can you… after everything I’ve done to you? All I seem to do is—is hurt you, and I don’t… it was Siberia all over again, it was a replay of the same fight that still haunts your fucking nightmares years onward, and it was all my fucking fault.” Steve clenched his eyes shut and shook his head. “I’m just sorry. You deserve so much better than all the shit I’ve put you through.”
Bruce looked at him for another moment before shrugging and gesturing down at the weird orb thing that had apparently been captivating Doctor Banner’s attention for all this time. “I’m not really working on it, so much as trying to figure out what it does. I know that it’s emitting some sort of frequency. The same frequency that was disrupting our comms when we were fighting those aliens back a the start of the month, you remember?”
Thor followed suit shortly after, taking Steve’s side once more as they both looked down at the clean grave below them. Steve thought of his dirty knees, and how she would have scolded him if he’d have turned up looking like that when she’d been alive.
“I know you’ve got a death-count in the triple digits,” Steve said quietly, holding the desk tight, “I know you’ve been stealing weapons, raiding SHIELD bases. I know you’re the world’s most wanted terrorist—”
Steve didn’t quite know what to say- not entirely sure where any of this was even heading, to be honest- so Tony cleared his throat and spoke again, head nodding over to the sheet of paper hanging precariously off the edge of the armrest. “Uh- first answer’s square root of 387 divided by 3b?” He tried, finger-tapping increasing marginally.
And then Tony starts laughing. Something borderline hysteric but just in the edge of panic, he laughs and clutches his stomach even though the stab wound is really doing a number on him. "What are the odds? That out of everyone that blew away... we're still standing? The two of us?"
"What?" says Tony, and he starts to scream as Steve's face distorts and warps into nothing, into bones, into blood, and the man folds in on himself in a grotesque origami sculpture of flesh. He looks like Peter, and his eyes melt away until there's nothing left in the sockets, and worms crawl through his skin and outwards...
"Thanos won," he says, dryly, without much feeling, though he knows better. A finality in the statement.
"It's alright, buddy," Tony doesn't know why he lies. "You can still settle down without a soulmate, y'know. Lotta girls want to be with Captain America, if you catch my drift."
Remember, after our fight against the Chitauri? You were lying there motionless and I really, for sure, thought that you were dead and I could already feel my regret. Pulsing intermittently. But you awoke, and you said we should all get some shawarma.
"Not true. I do like you," Steve furrows his brow, looking at him. "I was wrong about you, Tony. What you did out there... it was one of the bravest things I've ever seen. You've earned my respect a thousand times over."
She frowns, and he wants to smooth the crease between her eyes. "Tony, you cannot get angry at me. I'm sorry, alright? But you knew this was going to end sooner or later, Tony, you knew. We both did. You know it."
Steve stiffens up for a second and then is kissing him back just as fiercely. Then Steve pulls back. "I almost... I killed you, last time. You killed me. Don't you remember?"
But he begins hearing tragic stories about people who miss it. People who are screwed up by fate, promised something but never given it because of their own mishaps.
Always, in the nightmares, there's his corpse rotting on the ground, bones tearing through blackened skin and lips purple. Eye sockets emptied and overflowing with maggots, flesh half-decayed and furling with fungus. The body doesn't disintegrate. The body shows no mercy. It only stares up at him, helpless and gone, and behind it is Peter asking,
Tony inhales sharply when he feels a throbbing pain in his side. He's disoriented, doesn't remember where or what or anything besides Peter, Peter,
After the first message I sent you- and I know you probably never opened it- I was too scared to pick up the phone again. I thought I’d made a mistake. I remember every word I said. How is it that through my conflict and the way I beat you down into the ground without a second thought, I still don’t hesitate to leave myself raw for you? Through the damn phone? I said everything I thought and what I had been thinking for months.
huge huge apologies for breaking my rule. it's been a week. i was going to post this chapter much earlier but got caught up in other work, and the ao3 maintenance thing, and just ugh. won't happen again, promise :')
Tony knows that too; he's not an idiot. But his heart pulls him to stay here, in this place, where so many dissolved. "I don't know why he spared me," he says. "I have no fucking idea what to do from here."
"We were the only ones left." Nebula spits like it's all of their faults. Maybe it is. "The wizard gave up the Time Stone to Thanos to spare his life." She gestures to Tony in contempt. "But he is useless and weak. He does not have a solution."
"Hi. Mr. Stark." Captain America awaits nervously outside the door of a laboratory, eyeing the vast glass walls with uncertainty.
I admit the first month after I left… I was furious. God, the anger, I can’t even describe it. It ate at me everyday and all I could see was you on the ground and my shield following. I punched sandbags every day, Tony, until my knuckles bled, because I was that mad.
Tony grinned, sitting up alongside him and getting to his feet quickly, hand going out to pull Steve up too. “That would be ruining the surprise, wouldn’t it?” He said mysteriously.
Steve could admit, there wasn’t really much coherence left in him to process what Tony said - a second later, he’d hauled Rumlow across the room like he was nothing more than a piece of garbage. His body hit the opposing wall with a sickening thud, head cracking into stone. He fell to the floor limply, and didn’t get back up.
“Keep me updated on their status,” he asked wearily, forcing himself to move back in the direction of the workshop. He kept his mind empty of thoughts right up until he’d sat himself gently onto the chair by his desk, and then he placed his hands against his temples, shut his eyes, and tried desperately to pull up the schematics of the armour in his head.
Tony broke away and then turned, beginning to run for the direction of his workshop, his suits, oh God
The next time he woke up, Bruce was in the seat Tony had been in, looking down at a tablet with a face full of frowning lines.
“Okay guys- looks like we’re having a surprise team training session today,” Steve finally said, in response to Tony’s look. “Hide and seek, in the tower. If you get caught, you gotta help the seeker to find the ones who are still in the game. Thor, buddy, do you know how to play, or do you want us to go through it with you too-”
Something poked him in the shoulder, and he looked sideways. Loki was glancing at him. “You want something to calm your nerves?” He asked lightly, delving into his pocket and pulling out a cigarette. Steve got the feeling it wasn’t just tobacco rolled into it.
Tony glanced down, looking at the way Peter held his hands out over his head, reaching for Tony across the room once he’d clocked his entrance through the door. Tony splayed out his fingers and waved at the kid, feeling the little flutter of happiness in his chest when Peter lifted his own hand and then appeared to try and copy the motion.
Thor just guffawed with laughter- and honestly, how fucking strong was the guy, to be able to just… lift him straight up onto his shoulders? If Steve wasn’t so shocked, he may have complimented Thor on his technique. As it was, he was just clutching around Thor’s head and hoping the boy didn’t decide to drop him suddenly.
Fury paused for a moment, his eyes narrowing as he took a breath. “Before you take the mission, Rogers, I need to know that your loyalty isn’t going to waver. Stark can talk his way out of a paper bag, and his silver tongue has gotten more than one of our agents compromised before. If you went in there and did what we were asking for, are you sure that you wouldn’t lose yourself?” Fury winced slightly. “Because we would be expecting you to get… up close and personal with him, if you know what I mean.”
Even the team seems to have sensed the underlying hostility, and they subtly back off a few times. Tony doesn't joke a lot today, and Steve doesn't scold him either.
He looks, blearily, and Steve is really there. Halfway out of a chair, clearly about to come rouse Tony, face confused and concerned and maybe a little...
Upon arrival to Earth, Tony stumbles out into bright sunlight. He only sees muddled visions of people and nothing clear, nothing tangible from ghosts or friends. That might be Natasha, with silver hair, or Rhodey in the War Machine suit. It might be Bruce stepping nearer and Thor greeting him enthusiastically, golden locks gone. Two Wakandans... a raccoon?
to know. This is so fucking important, and it knocks him off his rightful place of sanity and his mind is tumbling down a path that he's not sure of, but then he looks back up and- Tony is kissing him.
- must be feeling as well. He refuses to think about him as Tony anymore, because Anthony Edward Stark is who he woke up to in the morning and kissed to bed and dragged from his workshop at 3 in the morning to scold about sleep deprivation. Tony is not the hardened, unbreakable
The smile remains, although Tony's brow furrows the slightest bit in confusion. "That's my name. Anthony Edward Stark."
They fight like they've never fought before- no alien, no monster, no mutant. It's just a smart guy in gear and ex-soldier in uniform. Just Steve and Tony: that's all there ever was.
But you’re not here. That… tends to put a damper on everything. Sometimes I wonder if I just don’t remember how happy I could actually get with you, so I fool myself into thinking I am.
"I'm sorry," Captain America tells him clearly, loudly. "I don't hate you. I'm just having some personal issues right now, and you're involved. but- indirectly, and it's definitely not your fault. God, I..."
During his first stay in the Stark tower, he nearly jumps after seeing the familiar letters carved into the billionaire's golden cufflinks, and then stares.
And there's no victory, and there are countless losses, and it seems punishment just to live and breathe everyday when their souls have been roped into somewhere unreachable. Or maybe their souls have been pulverized. Either way, they're gone.
He doesn't want to look Captain America in the eye and tell him he missed it, and he doesn't want the scorn or pity or disdain.
I missed your birthday. I probably missed other important dates, too. I missed holidays. I missed ritual celebratory rites and things like that. I mean, technically I didn’t miss them… I just wasn’t with you when they happened.
"You don't know him," Pepper sighs, and he wants to kiss the splash of freckles along her nose. "Met him a week ago. I'm sorry, Tony, I really am. You know I love you, just not... like that."
I remember him, from the airport. He really caught me off guard and had me flying for a second. That kid’s something special, alright. But you probably already know that.
Steve recoils immediately, like he's touched a hot poker. Tony breathes, says, "I'm sorry. Sorry. I'm... I'm going insane, Steve. God."
"'Course," Tony tilts his head. He can lie like Clint can shoot arrows: swiftly, rapidly, accurately, and effortlessly. "Pepper. Why?"
When at last the battle spirit is dissipating and Bucky begins to stir, Steve kneels over Tony's body.
Tony's nothing but tattered. His face streaked with grime, clothes dirty, torn, side aching like a motherfucker where the knife went through. God, but Peter's voice is still fresh in his mind. Peter's arms clutching him tightly, so tightly, face buried into him like Tony was a tether to this world. A lifeline. But Tony had really been the one to push him out into the void of nothingness, of death.
And the clock is so close, but an angry Norse god is endangering the city downtown. Tony's a big boy, so he pushes his dread down and flies swiftly to the square, only to be met with something tall and painted patriotic colors. It's dark outside and Loki surrenders, armor dissolving in flashes of golden light, as Tony's armory of weapons, all assembled and aiming at the villain, are folded away. "Mr. Stark," acknowledges the hero beside him.
It's a whirlwind of fist to- metal?- before time lapses in a frighteningly tiring play-by-play. The team is exhausted, but there's so many more, and they can do it...
Then I just felt sorry, Tony. Not regret, but I was sorry. I can’t get this out of my mind- this- you- the pain in your eyes when you watched that video. When I first watched that video by myself I’m ashamed to say I barely felt any pain, and that pain was just for Bucky. What would happen to him. But I failed to take into account
So Tony pushes it down like he always does. Pushes it down when Pepper leaves him, pushes it down when Cap snarls vicious words, pushes it down as the world almost ends. He's needed. He's needed in all the ways he's been needed his entire life, so why does it feel so forlorn now?
"I thought we were soulmates," he blurts out, and then immediately looks horrified. "No, wait- I meant- because my timer was near the day I met you, and when I got home, it was all zeroes and I thought I missed it but yesterday when you were drunk I told you about it and you said 'Me too,' so I just thought-"
"Me too," Tony murmurs, and Steve pauses at the foot of his bed, furrowing his brow in confusion, because Pepper- but he realizes the other man is already passed out. He lays him on the bed carefully.
Tony stumbles, sits on a rock, tries not to let any tears fall. The sun is constant and scorching on this baked planet. It's not even nighttime, it's daytime, and the light is harsh and neverending, reminding him of where exactly he failed and where the others fell.
Later, after medics have patched Captain America up, and Iron Man has shooed them all away with disgruntled remarks, they sit beside each other in a quiet room, away from the bustling noise. In minutes there will be meetings to attend, civilians to assure, and neighborhoods to clean up.
Steve fakes a smile. He's found the man who's name is inscribed into his skin; the man he's been dreading about and longing for at the same time. It's awful but it pleases him. Steve's soulmate is a beautiful genius: inventive, creative, unstoppable, consuming. Ultimately, he tries not to think about what kind of an enemy that could make, but decides not to worry about this connection at the moment, because it's clear that Tony doesn't have his initials in return.
The Throne room was aburst with golden and white flowers of all kinds, filling the rooms with their heavenly fragrance. Asgardian Court and common folk alike lined the long hall to the throne where Odin stood. Noble, indomitable, a proud God before his venerating subjects.
Nebula scoffed awkwardly, laughter foreign enough to the alien for even derision to sound wrong and stunted “You put your faith on an aging God.”
The Doctor gave a watery, shy smile and nodded. Steven eyed the exchange with a placid expression, his eyes kind on the emotional Doctor and gifting Thor with a tender, pleased smile.
“Yesterday, Asgard saw its first prisoner escape in all her history” Odin proclaimed from his seat, his voice hard and emotionless as it sweped over his people. Thor curled his hands into tight fists to hide the shaking “Not only did Malekith the Dark manage to disappear” More gasps, a shared, furtive look with the Captain. Odin spoke on “But our Queen, Frigga, Mother of Gods, was put in death’s path.”
Steve turned abruptly to the man standing in the threshold of the Council rooms. Tall and imposing, his golden armor gleaming in the soft light of the cloudy Swiss sky and eyes like hell fire.
“Aye, he gazes upon the worlds in silence and stone” Thor finally ripped his eyes away from the unfinished painting, turning to his betrothed as he settled his emotions. “I have not seen you in some time”
“Perhaps I should invite Steven to spar with us.” Thor suggested, an evil smirk gracing his face as his unsuspecting friends all nodded eagerly. Frandal especially.
Steve saluted them and they were dismissed, leaving with an awestruck look in their young faces as they marched to join their troops. Steve took a deep breath and turned to his friends, with a quivering smile.
Steven, for once, did not seem dauntingly overwhelmed. Thor began to hope for the day his Captain would finally be happy here.
The flash of colors threatened to almost upend his empty stomach, when he arrived to Asgard he was wrenched with heaves, leaning heavily on the seer and trembling.
Thor heaved a relieved sigh, shoulders slumping as the weight of pending rejection lifted and he swiftly pulled at his thick leather belt and brought it up to his husband’s lips “Bite this”
The Captain brought his waving hands up to hold the God once he was at arm’s reach, pulling the amused man into his arms, and to a chuckling, stumbling kiss.
“I thought you said no one had seen us!” Quill hissed at Drax, who had been the look out as they had slithered into the palace: assuring them of his near invisibility in non-motion. Drax opened his mouth to reply when a booming voice echoed in the now locked hallway. A proud, Dark man appearing out of thin air before the alarmed group.
The archer jumped out of seat in an eager leap “Screw that! Do you know how much college tuition costs?” And with a fluid and incredibly sensual flex of muscled, coiled strength, Barton ripped his shirt off his well-tuned torso “I’m billing my babies through Harvard tonight!”
He would give Thor a minute alone with his friend before joining him. Frandal was recuperating, what’s the worst that can happen?
“Oh.” Steve murmured, shoulders relaxing as the strange feeling he had woken to finally had a reasonable explanation. As he had followed the Queen through the golden halls of the Palace, he had been assaulted with the quiet feeling of recognition. The same you get when you visit your childhood home after a whole life away. It’s different but it’s yours.
Loki gasped, taking a deep breath as his chest rattled like windchimes, his forest green eyes blazing in silent fury. The gods stared at each other in silence, both trying to convey something that they could never bring to words. Finally, Thor sighed and parted, not sparing a glance backwards at his brother; laying in destruction and hurt by his own hand. And wasn’t that the width of it all.
Steve’s brow creased as he took in the God’s words and finally swiped a heavy hand over his face in consternation “You’re telling me I committed sacrilege and helped you escape a magic dungeon? With
“Are you even listening?” One woman shouted in irritation. That would be the second one he would get.
Sif grunted as she jumped back and away from the Captain’s reach, her eyes hard but strangely buoyant on the Blond mortal “You are a shrewd fighter Captain Steven, almost reminds me of Loki”
Thor blinked as he scourged his mind for any example of art by Steven’s hand, then simply stating. “He excels in everything”
Thor’s face sobered with a more familiar pout as he shot a glare back to the dark God currently magicking the mess of feathers away. “I have a couple of ideas.”
“I loved him, you see.” She finally confessed, to Thor’s own husband no less; for the first time since she had known it herself. And it stung when the Soldier did not show a smidge of surprise, because of course she is that transparent and weak. Sif scoffed and continued “Or I fancied myself in love, at least”
He ran out of bullets and threw the rifle at the head of one of the metal giants, barely knocking at the thing as it fired liberally at the tanks that surrounded them.
“I trust you will have the honor and wisdom I have lacked. To serve my people fairly and impart justice where I have only dealt pain… I leave my son’s fate in your worthy hands.”
And then he had given him this, for his child. Steve had pictured him as a father and smiled, had been happy for him. Tony’s heart had broken.
Thor hummed as he was ripped from his silent contemplations. Steven looked at him with calm patience, though he could perceive an amused spark to his red rimmed sapphire eyes.
Steve startled back at the sight of Algrim’s flesh bubbling and bursting in fiery warts, as if he was boiling from the inside out. Even in unconsciousness, he cried out in pain, as his body fought and spasmed automatically, trying to run from the fire that grew inside him until his body tore and shriveled inwards with a blood curling screech.
Thor shook his head in agitation “You do not understand the implications of this act, what it has brought upon us.” He was screaming by the end, eyes wild and flashing, then his voice began to break “The Captain, Steven he…”
Thor cooed softly at her, pulling her close to his body, tucking her small, soft body to his own, head tucked lovingly to his chest. “Jane, listen, I know it sounds daunting, I was afraid too”
Thor gulped as he watched his mother part, her maidens and guards following her in a tight formation.
“Funny that, I’m really thirsting for yours right now” Tony snarled, pulling himself to his feet, propulsors at the ready and aiming at the man who seemed all but unbothered by the threat.
“He’s stable,” Natasha was sat rigid on her chair, clothes wrinkled uncharacteristically like she’d not stopped to change for a while. How long had Steve been out
“Okay, so how much do you know about the electromagnetic spectrum?” Tony asked him, rolling backward on his chair until he came to rest by Steve’s side. They did this a lot- Tony would pick a new thing for him to learn about each day, some cool new invention or science improvement, and Steve would sit and take it all in. It was so much better than at SHIELD, where they just handed him a musty book and told him to go through it all, which he rarely did. Tony was so much more interesting, and Steve was fast growing to love learning about all the amazing things that the future had to offer.
He took a deep breath through his mouth and then dropped, landing a little clumsily onto the roof. It jarred his knees slightly, but nothing major, and he was quickly making his way down onto the grass a few seconds later, ducking under the windows and heading over to the clump of trees that were at the edge of the Stark Mansion. He had to stop and sneeze again, and it was horrible, but at least not agonizing that time. Steve thought that his nose probably wasn’t broken, just a bit banged up. That was nice, at least.
He couldn’t open his eyes despite being conscious, but he could hear something. Faint and quiet, and yet still soothing. Steve felt his mind settle at the sound, and as he became more aware, he realised that it was a quiet rendition of ‘Back in Black’, various parts of it hummed as the singer forgot the lyrics.
It’d all happened so goddamn fast. This wasn’t even an Avengers callout, that was the most irritating fucking part of it. They were just on holiday. Skiing in the Alps in the two days before Christmas, because Thor had never done it before and when Clint had explained the concept to him, the man had begged for them all to go, and they’d thought, why the hell not? It would be fun, right? Harmless skiing, wind in your hair, no work-stuff having to follow them into the mountains?
“No it’s not!” Steve hissed, and Tony’s mouth snapped shut again. Steve swallowed, stepped further back. “It’s not,” he whispered, his voice tiny, “it will never, ever be like any other fight. Because this was me, and you trusted me, and I-“
“Oh, and before you try and laser your way through the ceiling or whatever,” Cass turned for a second, raising his finger and then pulling a little square device from his back pocket. “You should really
Steve very stubbornly did not make a move to turn around. “I… yeah,” he said, shaking his head again and trying to dislodge all the fragmented thoughts running through his mind. “Yeah, I’m good.”
There was an ominous growling sound that came from below Steve’s feet, and he hurried to steady himself as the entire ship shuddered.
“There absolutely is, and I’m at the top of it. End of discussion.” Tony waved a hand and then settled it across Steve’s mouth finally, and that was that. With one last eye-roll, Steve settled his own arms back around the small of Tony’s back and returned to watching the movie that was on in front of them, happily whiling away the time as Tony simply curled into him and took intermittent naps, splitting them up with small ramblings that Steve hummed and nodded to as if he understood any of the technical jargon that Tony was saying. It was pretty boring, really. Which was perfect. Completely, totally perfect. Steve could spend the rest of his life being boring with Tony. He figured they’d seen enough excitement to last an eternity, by that point in their superheroing careers. They could move out, buy a farm or something in the middle of nowhere. Maybe have a few kids- Steve had always wanted some, even when he knew it was unlikely to ever happen, and Tony was an angel around them. He’d be perfect as a dad, Steve just knew it.
When Steve still looked at him with the flutter of doubt, Tony stepped forward and put his hand on Steve’s cheek. “I promise,” he said desperately, “I am utterly head over heels, madly stupidly embarrassingly crazy for you, Steve, I’m not sure whether or not you noticed-”
He found their floor abuzz with its usual afternoon activity when he eventually joined them; with Clint and Nat both lying over the kitchen counters, clad in their SHIELD uniforms after just arriving back from the New York base where they’d spent the day. They were discussing what appeared to be some sort of office gossip about the reliability of Jeanette’s sources, and whether Ricky had actually slept with her or whether she just wanted her five minutes of fame on floor 4. From what Tony could hear, Clint seemed to be a believer, but Nat was sceptical about the whole thing. Near to Nat’s head, Bruce was making two sets of tea and heaping about seven sugars into the second cup, so Tony was going to assume that Thor was on the way at some point in order to drink the God-awful thing. It wasn’t as if anyone else in the room would ever allow that to go near their mouth.
Tony’s voice was filled with laughter as he pushed weakly against Steve’s chest, “I really have to go.”
“Stowaway’s log, day 13,” Tony said cheerily, a small smile cracking his tight face as he leaned his head back against the wall, “uhh, same as always. Trying to teach my new Robot friend how to play games. She seems intrigued, but I’m kind of terrified about getting her into a competitive state. If I beat her at this next round of paper football I genuinely think she’ll rip my arm off, and right now, I really couldn’t use another blow like that.”
“Are you breaking up with me?” Tony asked, his voice numb as he stared at Steve. Whatever colour that had been in his cheeks was quickly draining from it as he attempted to sit up straighter in his bed. “Steve, no, please. Please don’t. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry that I let this happen, I never meant… please just don’t go. Not now, come on. I’ll be better, I swear, I’ll… I’ll pay more attention, I won’t be so fucking stupid-“
fuck does he know, what it’s like to feel that sort of pain. And he can’t stand the thought of Clint suffering the same.
He, Natasha and Clint were currently infiltrating a large AIM underground base that was on SHIELD’s radar due to various nefarious reasons, main one being illegal scientific experimentation. Steve, at this point in his life, was woefully used to that phrase cropping up on a bi-weekly basis, and when the file had been handed to him, he’d merely sighed to himself. It wasn’t world-ending, but it was unfortunately high-priority enough to make him have to call up Tony and cancel their evening reservation.
He stood up a little straighter, pulling his hand away from his face and swallowing the strange lump in his throat. He felt a little betrayed, but it had been him who’d fucked up. It didn’t make any sense, and suddenly there were a billion different thoughts all fighting to get to the surface. He felt so confused. “I didn’t think you minded,” he mumbled weakly, at a loss for something else to say. He knew it was stupid as soon as the words came out of his mouth though, and the look Steve shot him had him stepping back again.
“I don’t think the murderer knows the fifteen-digit encrypted password on the door though,” Tony told him evenly, and Steve’s eyebrows rose as he looked at the futuristic keypad in front of him and wandered closer to the door. Before he could even ask, though, Tony was reeling it off for him- a string of numbers and letter that Steve could barely keep up with. He got it, though, and the door released, letting him push it open and step quickly down the thin staircase.
to blow up like that with people just because you think you have everything figured out about them,” Steve began, hands flying out wildly as he took a step forward, “you completely and utterly stepped out of line last night. The line wasn’t even
Tony just shut his eyes again, head shaking a little as Steve slowly uncurled his hands for him. “You don’t have to tell me if it’s hurting too much,” Steve told him quietly, bringing the other boy’s fingers up to his mouth and kissing them lightly.
no,” Tony blurted, and then he wrapped his hand around the back of Steve’s neck and pulled him in for a kiss before he could say another word.
Steve just nodded. “I am, aren’t I,” he said sagely, and then kissed Tony’s forehead as the other man huffed, “now sit still and go to sleep.”
“Damn right there is,” Tony sighed and then kicked sullenly at a broken table-leg, watching it roll into a crack in the room. “But there always will be. Such is the nature of a genius billionaire playboy philanthropist.” He smiled drily and then cocked an eyebrow at Steve, who flushed in embarrassment and prepared an apology for their earlier ’conversation’. But Tony waved it off before he could begin and then stood too, hands bracing his knees for support.
Tony had pushed too far. He should have just accepted Steve’s apology five minutes ago instead of being a fucking asshole and getting angry, and then none of this would have happened.
There was a short silence. Then- “and what the fuck was Tony Stark doing driving ‘round Lower East?” He asked, an edge to his voice that Steve couldn’t work out.
And that was when the doors slid open, revealing two men in prim suits, one holding a clipboard under his arm. They both smiled around the room, seemingly unfazed by the standoff between them and a room full of superheroes. By all accounts, they seemed very plain and normal- just like any other government official one would see in day-to-day life. “Good morning,” the first one said warmly, stepping forward, “I’m Michael, and this is my partner John. We’re here in response to a call made saying you’ve got a child in the tower that doesn’t belong to any of you? Would you like to explain the events that led up to this, and then we can discuss how to move forward?”
how Tony could be so achingly beautiful, no matter what environment you put him in. Dirt and grease and no sleep for however Goddamn long, and yet still Steve couldn’t take his eyes off him.
But Tony shook his head, eyes pleading. “Please don’t,” he said, “Steve, we need to… we have to work through this, okay. We
"Oh, so what, you guys named him?" Clint raised an eyebrow and looked down at the boy, rocking him a little jerkily. Tony winced. "Look, you're clearly the parental figures here-"
“Whoah, whoah,” Tony grabbed his shoulders and leaned in, his face suddenly deeply concerned as he flexed his hands against Steve’s shoulders and looked down at him. “What do you think happened back there, Steve?”
Steve could hear Natasha shouting for James in the background, and saw Clint try and take hold of Bucky’s arms- but Bucky was already marching forward, and Tony didn’t look ready to back down either- fuck, how had everything managed to spiral so fast in the space of a few seconds-
Well. Tony would take a compromise when he saw one, obviously. He agreed to Steve’s terms, and soon they were caught up in each other on the couch while something explodey and loud played in front of them. Unfortunately thanks to the presence of Steve’s mother in the house, it couldn’t get past anything other than kissing, but that was more than enough to make Tony happy. He forgot about the movies after less than a few minutes, too busy trying to work out all the spots Steve was ticklish in while also refusing to be dislodged from Steve’s lap when they boy reacted to his wandering hands. It didn’t last long, of course—Steve’s Vampiric superstrength made flipping Tony onto the couch and pinning him down pretty much no problem at all, and soon it was Steve doing the tickling, a grin on his face and a slight pink tinge to his otherwise pale cheeks. Tony couldn’t even be mad at him for the horror movie thing. Or the relentless tickling. He was just too damn pretty.
He grinned, rolling his eyes and fiddling with the napkin in his fingers. As he watched Tony, he couldn’t help but notice all the ways the boy moved- fluid hands and shaking heads in order to flip stray hairs out of his shining eyes. He was yelling at Natasha, but there was a huge smile on his face, showing a perfect row of teeth and soft, full lips.
, fuck, I’m so sorry,” Tony stumbled forward, hands up, reaching out. But Steve stepped away with a shake of his head and then started walking, his footsteps damning on the kitchen floor. “Steve, please wait, I didn’t mean—”
person has been down before me, they are suddenly gone? Don’t bullshit with me Wilson, I know you’ve always wanted them-“
Thor blinked, somewhat taken aback. “Well… yeah,” he said with a shrug, “you and Steve are, y’know…”
“They look adorable, don’t they,” he whispered, flicking a finger over at the two of them and trying to tamp down on his smile. Steve and babies went very well together, aesthetically speaking. Tony thought that he could probably look at a scene like that all day and not get bored.
“Don’t slander me in front of our daughter, Steve, I can make dinner perfectly fine thank you!” Tony’s voice shouted from the kitchen, and a second later his head popped around the corner, looking a little bit frazzled. His glasses were all steamed up. “Maria, get away from that liar immediately and come fulfil your duties as culinary sidekick.”
“I think you should take his advice, personally,” Clint piped up, and Steve kicked out again, but this time all he got was a rather hurt-sounding Sam. “Money is being offered to you and you’re turning it down? Don’t be a fool. I’m Clint by the way,” he waved up to Tony and gave a little salute, which Tony returned with a small smile.
Well. Maybe stupidest decision of the month was more fitting. But it was definitely up there in the top 5 most embarrassing things he’d ever willingly participated in.
The speeding tickets piled up as he winded his way through New York on his motorbike, but he didn’t bat an eye to any of them, instead just squinting through the frigid night air and taking too-sharp turns at the last second. He got to the hospital in fourteen minutes and parked his bike uncaringly at the front entrance. Maybe it’d get towed, but that was far from his most important concern just then. There wasn’t anything else in his head, really.
“I lost the kid,” Tony wheezed, looking at him and holding on tight to Steve’s elbow. Tony wasn’t just thin… Tony was emaciated, eyes sunken, cheekbones horribly visible. “Steve, I lost him, I—I lost—”
It was a joke, but he heard Bucky sighing in relief anyway. Steve couldn’t even blame him. The last half a year had been kind of… messy. And the situation he was in right now was far from perfect.
of October, and Tony cried, and said yes about a hundred consecutive times. It had been perfect. They had been perfect.
Steve thought as his body hit the ground beside Tony’s. He looked at his husband, both their hands still attached to one another, and Tony smiled.
Tony realised his hands were shaking, and Steve gently squeezed down on them. “You changed our Goddamned lives,” Steve told him, “you gave me a home, showed me what it felt like to not struggle alone. You stay up to watch gardening programs that I know you hate, just because you want to keep me company when I couldn’t sleep. You care about people
In the end, he managed to arrive back at the Wilson’s place by about eight at night, and by that time, he was very much ready to go straight to sleep. Getting kicked out of a mall and then lounging around on a couch for three hours sure was exhausting. Of course, though, as soon as he even so much as thought about sleep, he ended up bumping into Sam, who managed to somehow corral him into helping him study for the science exam that he had to do the next morning and had been stuck inside studying all day for. He wasn’t exactly sure how, but by the time he actually made it into bed, it was midnight and he was pretty much dead on his feet.
“I have to go,” he mumbled, because it was too much. He didn’t have the right to break in front of Tony, but he couldn’t keep everything in any longer. He was bubbling over, torn apart from the inside out, God,
“Well that’s a complete fucking lie,” Steve blurted, snorting in disbelief. Tony couldn’t have been fucking serious with that, surely?
It might have seemed a bit strange, considering his pretty sheltered background. He’d never really had the opportunity to go out trick or treating, nor had he ever been able to have an excuse to dress up and actually celebrate it with anyone else- but the excitement and vicarious pleasure he got from seeing
“I hate what you did,” Tony told him quietly, looking straight at him with a clenched jaw, glasses perched precariously on the edge of his nose. “I hate that you didn’t tell me, and let me get hurt like that. I hate that you left me to clean up all your shit when you left me behind.”
Instead, he rubbed at his face harshly with the sleeve of his sweater and pulled himself together. Then he laid his palm over Tony’s heart, hearing the frantic thump under his fingers. “I think you need to get some rest,” he said throatily, hating himself for not being able to do anything else to try and comfort him or make it better. This was all his fucking fault, and his best fucking solution was for Tony to take a nap. “You’ve been through a hell of a lot tonight. I’m gonna—I’ll wake you up every few hours, ‘cause I need to make sure your concussion doesn’t get worse. But I think you should just sleep, for now.”
She smiled warmly at him, reaching out to shake his hand as if she hadn’t just given him a very ominous threat less than a second previously, and then stepped back out of the still-open door again, heels making their clicking noise underfoot as she walked away. Rhodey watched her for a moment, before nodding once.
Steve blinked a few times, and then smiled over to Sam, pulling himself back to Earth. “Yeah,” he assured, “yeah, don’t worry. Just… thinking.”
“Yes he would, Thor, for fuck’s sake, some people don’t take well to being hauled around everywhere!” Tony yelled from the floor, and Steve looked down with a cheeky grin at the flustered boy as he folded his arms and got in Thor’s face.
Time passed. How much, he wasn’t sure. But the room got fractionally darker, the guards changed their rounds.
Steve huffed, and then the doors slipped open with barely a sound and suddenly, he was back on solid ground again. The penthouse floor span out around him- the kitchen somewhere off in the left and the large open-plan living room directly ahead of him- and Steve felt his face split into a content little beam of relief.
“It wasn’t… amicable, exactly,” Steve gritted out, and God, he’d compartmentalised all this shit for so long now, bringing it back up to the surface felt wrong, “we were both in bad places. I haven’t talked to him since.”
swear,” Steve said, turning back to Tony and trying to figure out whether or not Tony was going to be in a fit enough state to walk. He stroked his knuckles impossibly softly across the less bruised side of Tony’s face and smiled, wiping hastily at the tears slipping down his own cheeks. “Come on, baby, let’s get you—”
have preferred to be chauffeured around in a nice Lamborghini, courtesy of your billionaire boyfriend. Why could he not just swing by? He lives nearer than Bucky anyway.”
“More than would be considered normal, yes,” Natasha said with an absent shrug, as she shoved her fork into the pasta, “but you get used to it. Anyway- tell me a bit about yourself, Steve. Where you from?”
Sighing fondly, he leaned in and pressed an innocent kiss to Tony’s nose. “You know, if you don’t want to go any further than kissing, you can just say so. It’s fine, Tony, really.”
Wordlessly, she pulled out a Hershey’s bar from the inside of her jacket, whilst Steve simply tutted disapprovingly. Bruce, however, didn’t seem to mind consuming jacked goods, and quickly snatched it from her hands in delight. “You are my favourite, Romanov.”
Steve grinned down at his phone and then lifted his head as he heard Mrs Wilson hailing him from downstairs, undoubtedly for dinner. He jumped up and pocketed the phone in order to go eat, bumping into Sam along the corridor as he went.
Scrabbling to his feet, he sprinted over to his desk and yanked out a drawer, finding a set of wires that he could use before running back and lifting his shirt over his head hastily. “Hold on Steve,” he whispered, thinking about oxygen deprivation and brain damage and everything that could happen in the amount of time that it would take to get Steve’s heart working again. “Just hold on for me, I’ve got you.”
“I’ll take that as a yes,” Tony whispered as Steve unhooked his legs from around Tony’s waist and dropped back to earth with a little stumble. He smiled down; fingers curling under Steve’s chin in order to swipe a thumb lightly over his bottom lip. Steve stood utterly still; watching Tony’s eyes darken a little, breathing in sharply for a second before looking back up into Steve.
“Hey, hey, it’s… Tony, it’s okay,” Steve said quietly, lurching forward, hands going to Tony’s shoulders and holding steady`, “you’re okay, it’s fine-“
“Good morning, Sir,” the AI said, his voice relieved, “I am glad that your injuries have been seen to and you’ve had some rest. Has your condition improved since my last scan?”
if you catch my drift.” His thumb pressed down on the trigger he had in his hand, and a second later, Tony heard a high-pitched beeping that started slow, and then rapidly began progressing in speed. Tony was aware enough to realise that it was on the back of his armour. The fucking speedsters must have put it there as they’d shoved him out of the way.
“It’s Tony,” Bruce said with a sad smile “you think he’d ever let you do that for him? It’s a nice thought, but he would never take you up on it.”
“It’s true.” With a slight groan of discomfort, Bruce lowered himself onto the floor beside the cot, smiling at the two of his friends. “It says something when you think about the fact that even now, I’d still rather be here with you guys than back at the place I grew up in.”
Tony, despite all these damn years of having Steve tell him that, still blushed a little, loosening his tie and then looking up at Steve with a fond roll of his eyes. “Love you too, you wasted fratboy puppy.”
“I’d say we probably have more experience than most, anyway,” Natasha interjected with a small smile as she nudged Steve’s middle. “We’ve fought about ten times as many aliens as the rest of these guys. We’ve won this before. We’ll do it again.”
Steve mentally repeated the word ‘yowza’ in his head, and then decided to immediately forget the word existed. “Shouldn’t have listened though,” he muttered, “letting my guard down because of a stupid lie? God, and they call me the world’s greatest soldier.”
wrong, where the was no evil in his heart or sins to his name and they’d done that to him, for months—
“We’re leaving,” James- Rhodey- said grimly, shoving past Bucky and making his way to Tony’s side, “I don’t know what your fucking problem is, Barnes, but I won’t stand there and let you talk to my best friend like that.”
“Maybe I should get mortally wounded more often,” Tony pondered as Steve put some potatoes onto both their plates, “if this is the sort of result I get from—”
They let him out after three days of observation, once they were sure that Steve was back to normal. He left with Natasha, and she guided him quietly to a coffee shop, where she sat him down in the corner of the room and then bought two coffees for them. He remained very still, hands tucked under his legs. The coffee was left untouched.
When he came to Steve’s door a minute or so later, he didn’t bother to knock, instead simply bursting through the doors and laying his eyes first on Steve’s conscious form, and then quickly over to the heart-monitor at the corner of the room. He watched it for a second, looking at each one of the steady beats. Steve was okay.
Tony smiled, turning back to face forward so his profile was pointed toward Steve. “I could be a scout.”
The man frowned, and Tony could see him making a mental note to start nagging Clint about adding more vegetables and nutritional things to his diet. They all started to drift off in the direction of the changing rooms, Tony pulling off bits of the armour as he went. He had a special mode for training, but the suit weight stayed the same, and his bones were filled with the familiar ache that came post-mission. He really was looking forward to the lavender bath. Possibly with a supersoldier thrown in there for good measure.
“No, God, I am,” Steve interrupted with a wave of his hand, falling to the bed next to Tony’s feet and then looking at Tony like a puppy, “I’ve been thinking about it all night, and... look, you
Steve stopped talking, turning to face the source of the noise. In his ear, he could hear Tony yapping away, telling him to just give them what they wanted and run- but Goddamn it, Steve had a bit more pride than that. This wasn’t his money to lose.
. If they don’t think that you’re doing well here, they could relocate you. And you’ve been in five fights already.”
They stared at eachother for a few seconds, before Clint gave a little salute and Tony breathed out in relief.
In the recesses of his mind, he knew that the entire planet was in mourning right now. Their favorite hero was dead. People were calling for Elliot Redford to be executed. They were making pop-up shrines in the streets, coming out in their masses, and absolutely fucking none of it mattered to Steve. He hadn’t turned a single electronic device on since they’d pulled Tony’s corpse from his arms. It didn’t matter what the rest of the world was feeling- they weren’t the ones going home with the knowledge that the love of their life had been murdered on the street twenty feet from where they’d been stood, watching the whole thing go down.
Tony laughed and Steve swore, shoving Bucky in the chest, but it didn’t do much except make his ribs flare in pain. “Oh, so you think I planned on Steve getting mugged tonight, do you?”
For now, Tony was in front of him. He was still alive, despite everything- the snap hadn’t gotten him, and clearly neither had Thanos himself. That had to be enough, for now.
“We got incoming, Cap.” That was Hawkeye, and he sounded grim, “They’re about a minute from the research floor and storage facilities that we’ve arrived at with the rest of the SHIELD agents. Widow and I are setting up a blockade to try and slow ‘em down when they arrive at the basement levels, but these guys aren’t trained properly for this. They’ve only been through Basic. We’re gonna need you here, quick.”
"I'm sorry for lying," Tony admits, expelling the apology from the deepest regions of his (seemingly) self-absorbed mind. "I didn't want... I didn't want your pity, I guess. And I didn't want to believe my soulmate was someone who didn't even like me."
"No! No, nothing like that," comes the flustered reply, and a faint splash of pink tinges the strip of skin below Steve's eyes, across his nose. "I just... sorry, I know this is personal, but... do you have a soulmate?"
Then none of it really matters anymore, because Loki escapes and Chitauri invade Manhattan like an infestation of robotic aliens. Because that's literally what they are. Robotic aliens.
... He kisses the endearing billionare again, wrinkling his suit in the process (that's actually Dolce & Gabbana), running fingers eagerly through the soft, dark tresses. Tony curls into his lap like he belongs there, and although Steve knows there'll be no turning back after this, he can't bring himself to stop. Absentmindedly, he's reminded of the way Peggy used to describe new love as a drug, and he never understood, but right now, he does. After one try, he's hooked.
"A soulmate? What for?" Steve grins playfully, shifting in the blankets, although her words jolt him to uncomfortable attention. They don't love each other; they're only fooling around in the midst of this goddamned war because they have no one else except for each other- no one else to kiss and love and pour their life story and late night thoughts to, besides each other- so they make do. "You have me."
"Tony," the man addressed waves a hand nonchalantly, and if he's surprised to see him, he doesn't show it. Tony swivels around in his favorite roller chair, fingers absentmindedly tinkering with a gadget. "JARVIS, let the man in."
"What I'd give to have a soulmate," Peggy sighs to him in bed, absent-mindedly running a hand across his chest; back and forth and back and forth again.
"We must return," says Nebula, more of a command, and her inky black pits are unyielding. Those eyes have seen the unimaginable. The brutal form of Thanos day after day, shame and pain and maybe a seed of impossible love for him. And a seed, a sapling, a furling tree of love for Gamora, who's corpse likely rests at the bottom of the cliff somewhere, freshly blue against stark snow and fingers unmoving.
“They kept talking about, you know, conquering the Universe, and their master, Thanos. Trust me, it was clear. Anyway- Tony and the kid- Peter- snuck onto the spaceship! The donut looking ship! And it blasted off into space. But he dropped this phone on the road and the only number on it is yours. So I had to call.”
In them it's always the same bitter pain, like a taunt, like someone up there is laughing at him out of spite. Because this is how it always seems to be. The loss never ends. The failure never ends. You save the entire world once and you feel unstoppable, and then you save it again, but the victory is overshadowed by the deaths, and then in the final battle, the ultimate one, the one where the entire fate of the universe is at stake... you fail.
When Steve Rogers turns 18 and enlists himself into the military, he wakes up one night in a cold sweat. The cot is hard and his stuffy tent reeks of sweaty men, but he still shudders as agony
"Yeah," he nods, turning a corner. It's a good thing he doesn't get lost much in the building anymore.
When Steve meets Tony Stark, he's nearly infatuated. Love at first sight. Well, almost, anyway- after he gets over the snarky remarks and irritating wisecracks. Iron Man's sleek armor and the way he soars, ever so gracefully, over New York City is something he can never get enough of, day after day as they fight alongside each other and argue affectionately.
"You are faltering because of a stab wound. Earthlings are unimaginably weak. When Thanos tore me apart limb by limb and ripped my eye out, my brain out, I still stood and fought. I never stopped fighting. But you..." The disgust on her face is evident. "You have been stabbed, once, and you cannot even walk."
"Tony. I need... I need to talk to you." Pepper approaches his desk with a staccato clicking of her heels, and something in her tone lodges a heavy feeling in his gut. "This is important, okay? Listen."
"We're soulmates too, Tony." Steve stands too, but carefully, holding one arm closely as if to guard it from any bad disposition. "Is that... Are you...?"
Immediately, he responds. They're already entwining together onto a quality Stark chair, lips trapped in something sweet and beautiful, Steve's thoughts going fuzzy with the taste and feel of Tony
"Yes. Yes, no, wait. Tony, be quiet." She takes a deep breath. "I'm breaking up with you. I found... I found my soulmate."
surprising that steve's at a conference instead of tony- oh wait, not really, because tony doesn't show up to any of his meetings
I just… the magnitude of that sentence. A year is a long, long time- enough for someone to grow and change and maybe become a different person. Are you the same person, Tony? I know I’m not. I mean, I’m still just Steve, I think. But I think I’m different… I don’t know.
it like it's so fucking real. Down to the exact shape of the kid's skinny limbs and his arms, holding on, deceivingly thin but underlying with superhuman strength. That kind of strength, not letting go. The way his face twists against Tony's neck, something beyond anguish.
A flicker of disappointment passes over Steve's face, and it's so sudden he can't tell if it was even there in the first place or not. "Oh- I- okay. Just... just wondering. Sorry to bother you."
Steve smiles, relief beyond belief evident on his face, and pants breathlessly as Tony rambles on about schwarma.
As the team steps in and S.H.I.E.L.D agents slap handcuffs around his wrists, Steve doesn't resist at all- only watches Tony silently as he's led out. Almost expectantly, he feels a hot agony burrowing into two specific spots on his body, and feels the marks fade away.
Unsurprisingly, when they begin to fight, every breath and biting punch is hard, cold, precise. They've fought together countless times- back to back, supporting each other- but against is something new. Captain America against Iron Man- aren't they supposed to be heroes?
Steve never had a timer before the ice. Neither did Peggy, though, and that was even enough for the both of them to believe they were already soulmates- just not marked by clocks. "We never needed those," Peggy tells him right before he boards the fatal plane.
Nighttime, surrounded by people, bowing down to some hotheaded legend acting like Earth's chosen king. Steve grits his teeth and dives into a heavy fight, tossed into battle, and everything moves so quickly he forgets his timer entirely, but somewhere in the back of his mind, he knows it's close. Only the next day, when he meets with the same scientist, does he recall it.
"I'm having a hard time soldiering along, seeing as how I was stabbed with a knife," he says. To his surprise, she barks a cold laugh. It's more of a scoff.
"Out with it," Tony raises an eyebrow, chucking the metal away to give Dum-E something to do. "What? Bad news? I'm being booted from the team, aren't I?"
"Enjoying the view?" Tony grins, clad in rosy-tinted sunglasses and a three-piece suit (probably Armani) as always.
It’s been six months. It’s only been six months, and I’ve already cracked. I don’t know why I told myself I’d be able to stay solid for way longer. For the rest of my life. But that’s just not possible, Tony. Not for you.
Tony looks at him- just looks- and that's enough for Steve to crumble on the inside. Tony's eyes are brimming with tears, face twisted with the full impact of an ultimate betrayal, expression pained by the fact that he's choosing Bucky over him. Best friend over lover. Whether that's fair or not, who cares, and Steve physically hurts with the decision he's making, but this is what he believes in and what he fights for.
"There's too many of them," and then there are nukes heading towards the city. Tony looks up at the rippling portal of deep outer space split open in the sky, and he gets an idea. He looks up at the frightening wormhole, bleeding and spilling toxins (just like he is), and he gets an idea.
"Why do you hate me so much?" Tony asks one night, as liquor slurs his words and weighs his mind down. He could've stopped his fingers from grasping a bottle neck and bringing it to his mouth, but giving in is just too easy.
Tony's been dreading this day since their first kiss, and he keeps his composure, because if he's good at anything, it's faking nonchalance. He knows he's not being lied to, he doesn't have to check for the zeroes, and yet, he never wants to let her go. "Who is it?"
It's mere days before the Battle of New York, the one that will change his life forever, although Tony has no idea. But he's a genius. He can predict whether the end of the world is near, and it's difficult to predict whether a super soldier out of time, a Norse god, an intimidating redhead, and a snarky archer can stop it.
Nat's already thinking up a plan, always clear-headed and always ready for action. Her hair, an impeccable shade of near-white, isn't even stained. "We need to find the others. In the galaxy, wherever they are. We need to regroup, and move fast, because Thanos is still alive."
“Steve? Oh- God, thank God, Steve- he’s coming- this place is already ravaged- and Tony and this wizard guy left, they left for space- and we need to prepare now! We need you-
"Something big's coming, Pep," he tells her one day, fumbling around with some tech between his fingers, but ever since the conversation with Cap, it's been so hard to concentrate. Every time his mind wanders, it flashes back to the dejected look on Steve's face.
Even after they start up another panting, hot round, Steve can't think of anything but the longing in Peggy's voice.
The truth is: he's lonely. There's Sam and Natasha (great friends) but they have busy lives of their own. There's Bucky, who's being mind-controlled by HYDRA and is off murdering innocents god knows where. He wants someone to hold at night, to greet him early in the morning, to
He is nothing but blood and bones, remnants of alcohol pulsing through his veins and shards of shrapnel struggling to pierce his pumping heart whole. He wants the world to see he's human, but the red and gold paint an indestructible exterior. Tony can't even look directly into the azure of Steve's eyes (a color he usually doesn't mind) without a spark of anger stirring within him.
Secondly, Pepper is gone. JARVIS tells him she left yesterday night, after the mess of a fight they had. She wasn't supposed to leave until next week. It hurts. But he knows he deserves it, somewhere deep inside his egotistical conscience.
Jolting her out of her contemplations, Steve presses a kiss to her neck and continues furiously, trying to avert the moment as swiftly as possible. Soulmates aren't something he wants to be reminded about, especially considering the ugly scars written into his body- the same name on both patches of skin (that had been beautifully clear before!). He's still ridiculously in denial, trying to make himself forget about his awful fate, trying to live his life without feeling like even more of a mutated freak because of the fact that his
Tony can sense a gentle hand sliding down his suit, over the arc reactor. Hopeless, limp, defeated. He hears the roar of a thousand men, and awakes to the sight of his beaten, bloody, beautiful team.
Yeah, no shit, he wants to retort, but it's Steve, and all he sees is Steve. Steve, keeping a respectful distance, Steve in all his polite ridiculousness after half of Earth has been killed and no one can do anything but choke on their own grief.
"I guess I just wasn't prepared," he grits out. He's being so irrational, but he can't stop. "I'll just wallow in self-pity after you leave to go fuck someone else, but I understand. Everyone leaves."
He thinks of Earth. Would Steve still be there? Rhodey, Pepper, Happy? Would the Avengers still be intact, or dissolved into a mess of broken bones and hearts?
Tony awakes, this time for real. He blinks the crust out of his eyes; he's already sitting up, pain sharper than ever, twisted in the sheets.
"That is why you will go home, and figure it out." She doesn't move, doesn't speak, until he slowly stands up and the two begin walking through this desert.
Tony Stark's inner wrist is imprinted with six sections of black, simplistic numbers, divided by colons. He likes numbers because they're logical and solvable. They're inevitable, right or wrong, not varying shades of gray like his morals or the people of this world. But when he meets Pepper for the first time and the timer is far from fading, it feels like somewhere out there, the universe is laughing at him.
