“Harry,”  He warns, setting his untouched mug down hard on the coffee table.
“Ms. Jones,” I begin.  “We’d like to speak with you about your brother Kenneth.”  I try for authoritative. A tone that doesn’t allow for questioning.
“He told me you kissed him,” She whispers, turning on her side to face him, the atmosphere around them shifting into something much heavier in an instant.  “Not that first day, but—eventually.  I had to drag it out of him.  He said it had happened a while back—that he’d panicked and ruined everything.  He thought you’d leave,”  John runs a hand over his face.  He didn’t realize she knew about that.  Sherlock thought
“Hungry?” It’s dinner time, and I doubt he’s eaten all day.  I surely haven’t.
A knock on the door.
(See the end of the chapter for
But Sherlock had that look in his eye often when they’d first met—when everything was easy—when they’d fallen into step side by side and thought they’d have all the time in the world to work out the complex feelings they inspired in each other.  It’s the look he’d given John each time he announced that
“Could be interesting,” he muses, as we scan the webpage on my phone.
John hadn’t even seen it coming.
“Yeah,”  She exhales slowly.  “Yeah, I just—”  Molly shrugs, pushing herself off the wall and darting into the kitchen, clumsily clearing their plates from the table.
“It’s fine,” John says quickly.  “I’ll take the couch. Look at it, it’s massive,”  Do I argue? Insist that he take the bed? Suggest that we alternate?  This is uncomfortable enough as it is. I opt to simply nod once, trying to convey my gratitude with this simple gesture, and hoping to move on from the subject of sleeping arrangements.  John returns my nod, then yawns dramatically. He’s been yawning for hours. It was a long flight, after all, and neither of us were able to sleep much. “Knackered,” He says. “Nap time,” A smirk.
difficult.  Another sigh.  His voice is low, measured.  “I’m open to anything, I think.  It’s very clear to me that we have something that I’m always going to want in my life.  I—don’t know—how to proceed,” He looks down at my hand, resting on the cushion between us.  Reaches out and places his fingers tentatively over mine. “Because I don’t know what you want.  But I liked waking up with you this morning. I think that we could have that, if you want it,” He lightly wraps his fingers around mine, squeezes slightly.  My heart leaps, stomach lurches. “I think I’ve wanted something like that for quite some time.” I look at him now, blue eyes earnest and unassuming as ever. I would do anything for him.  And hearing him voice all of this aloud has me sure that I want to get closer, in whatever way we can. We could actually do this.
are you doing here?” I splutter indignantly.  He purses his lips into a thin line, and his eyes narrow at me over his shoulder as he hangs his coat.
We march down the stairs and out the door to the idling car at the kerb.  Mycroft isn’t good for much, but his constant interference does save on cab fare.  Our armed guards are waiting as we climb in the back. They nod at us, all sleek black suits and slicked back hair.  I nod back, flinging my arm around John. We’ve been together mere days and I’m already showing signs of possessive behavior.  I wonder if this sort of thing is acceptable. I make a mental note to ask John about his thoughts on public displays of affection.  He just looks up at me and smiles.
The cottage is, in a word,
“Tomorrow?”
“Be with me, John,”
been mentioning John at all?  Hugo laughs. “Don’t look so appalled.  That little rat will say anything to anyone who’ll listen.  I’m not generally one of those people—but he did make sure I heard that,”  He smiles at John, who’s gone silent, listening intently. “I spent seven years of my life there with the Marine Corps.  Let’s talk.”
Letting out the gust of breath he’d been holding, John takes a final step forward and lets his forehead fall to Sherlock’s chest, palms landing carefully on either side of a slender waist.  Immediately, Sherlock lets out a shaky, relieved laugh, coming alive beneath John’s hands.  He winds his lanky arms around him tightly, tightly with no fear—none—no fear that he might flee or break.  He presses his cheek to John’s temple, settling firmly into their embrace.
Several moments later, Sherlock follows.
Squaring his shoulders and readying himself to walk into uncharted waters, John turns at last to face the man who occupies his every thought—the beautiful, brilliant bastard who possesses half his heart and the boundless depths of his gratitude.
She’d worked up the nerve to burst in on him ten minutes later, only to find him hugging his knees and sobbing where he sat trembling like a leaf on the cold, hard floor.  She’d crouched down carefully, let her fingers curl lightly around his heaving shoulders.
“You’ve barely touched your first, Sherlock.  Catch up, why don’t you.”
But now he’s back.  And John—John is back, too.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What’s the story with Isla?  Irene seems to think she’s—ah—gone,”  John stumbles over his words a bit, apparently unwilling to say
“Why can’t we have this?”  He finds himself whispering—barely audible but surprisingly fierce, pleading—against the crown of John’s head.  His lips brush against soft golden hair, his grip tightens slightly on John’s jumper, arm instinctively pulling him a bit closer to his chest.
She's also boring, and I don't want her in my fic. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Now that we have so much, is it worth it anymore?
“All right,”  I smile.
liked it,” I laugh.  Loud. The rumble of my voice echoing through the room.  He smirks.
A devastating surprise.  Heartbreak pours out through Sherlock’s entire being and into his violin, resonating through John until the pain is almost visceral.  And just as he fears he might weep with regret—
“Flash drive,” I say simply.
“Bit tall,”  He manages, because he can’t resist trying.  He clears his throat and takes the few steps between them to stand by Sherlock’s side.
him as John has long wished he would.  Overwhelming him, as he’d warned, but in a manner akin to
“No,” John whispers, and Sherlock closes his eyes, trying to hold onto the comforting warmth of stout-scented breath on his skin, to commit this moment to memory.  “Not grieving.  Not anymore.  Wallowing in self-pity, maybe,”  His voice is a pained rasp.  “Sherlock, I’m bloody full to the brim with regret,” He sounds like he might cry.
“Well fuck me, it’s my two favorite Englishmen,”  Ben grins at our reflection in the mirror as we stride into his dressing room.  It’s only half six and the Rainbow is nearly empty. After a quick word with Adam about Ben’s whereabouts, we were told we’d find him here
“You know I didn’t mind, right?”  He asks quietly, eyes studying my face, recognizing our shared thoughts.  “I meant it when I said it was nice.” My heart leaps a bit. We’re going to talk about this, then?  What is there to say, really? It isn’t as if it were some monumental occurrence. Although, he likely thinks that for me, it was.  Likely thinks that I’m shaken by my own actions. I am, I suppose. A bit. But nothing has changed, really. It isn’t as if my sudden display of affection has opened up a door for us to be close like that more often, to share a bed—although the thought has a certain appeal.  It can’t happen. John hasn’t lived at 221B in seven years, and I’ve long since given up suggesting that he and Rosie move back. He’d moved out shortly after I jumped to my death, and when I’d returned two years later, Mary had already firmly sunk her talons into his heart. After her death, he sold the house in the suburbs and he and Rosie have lived in a modest flat a few miles from Baker Street ever since.
Reminders that this great game they’ve been playing could have real consequences.
“Here we are,”  Sherlock alerts them as the cab rolls to a stop in front of...well—a weathered stone wall.  And...some birch trees peeking out from behind it.  Maybe an elm or two in the mix.  A few tall bushes of some sort, that look like they may flower at some later point in the season.  They’re in a residential neighborhood, sure, but they seem to have pulled up in front of the one lot with no kerb appeal to speak of.  The surrounding homes are a fairly eclectic mix—a large, modernized stone cottage, multiple grand looking brick structures—”Constructed in the nineteenth century,”  Sherlock supplies helpfully, glancing around with a look of mild distaste at the towering architecture.  “Come along,”  He takes Rosie’s hand and strides toward a tall iron gate embedded in the stone wall, beside what appears to be a red brick driveway leading to god knows where.
,” John whispers urgently as we crouch behind a hollowed out minivan, three metres away.  Indeed, he’s sitting in the driver’s seat, both palms on the wheel, a shiny silver pistol clutched in his right hand.  Hasn’t started the vehicle. Has made no move to open the gate. “What--”
John tears his eyes away from the window long enough to glance over at me, grinning from ear to ear.  My heart leaps at the sight of him like this, and I can’t help but return his smile—can’t even recall the last time I let myself feel joy.  Things have been so bleak, for so long, and now suddenly—hope.
“You know what a carbon footprint is?  Thought you’d delete something like that the moment it reached your ears.”
—it will kill me.”  I wouldn’t last a week.
Reckless.  Joyless.  Done.
Once we get home, John builds a fire in the grate while I make tea.  He flips on the telly and we huddle together beneath a blanket on the couch, sipping quietly and pretending to focus on whatever asinine program is playing out in front of us.  I’m barely aware of it, distracted by the warm line of John’s body pressed against my side from shoulder to hip. It’s maddening.
“And?”
Overwhelmed with arousal, mind spinning wildly trying to accept that this is John.  My John. Holding me down and using my body. Taking his pleasure, unconcerned with my own.  I am so turned on by this salacious thought that I come instantly--
While John remains prickly and defiant and prone to mood swings that can be frankly alarming, the physical distance he’d always forced himself to maintain has all but evaporated.  Something happened while Sherlock was away.  John isn’t quite the same.  He’s more candid than he’s ever been, and something, it seems, has broken down between them.
John is giggling, now.  Giggling quietly and a bit breathlessly all alone in this empty room like a fool—absolutely bloody mad and giddy with relief and an almost painful swell of gratitude for Sherlock’s unexpected gallantry.
“Yes.  Tests came back an hour ago.  She was alive at the time. Which is why we thought—forget it, I don’t want to hear you go off about the
tacked on at the end.
Stepping through the kitchen, John leaves the shopping bags on the table, winds his way through teetering stacks of books and papers and other everyday detritus to perch on the coffee table in front of the couch.
in.  Only you,”  She swallows, fighting the swift prickle of tears as she watches them fall from the corners of her brother’s tightly closed eyes.  “That has to count for something.”
“Good,” He smiles at his laptop.  “What about this one? This bloke’s dog runs away, and then two days later, the neighbor across the street is out in the yard with an
“Morning, you two,” John yawns, stretching his arms in the air as he shuffles into the kitchen.  He kisses Rosie on the top of her head, then leans against the worktop beside me, smiling broadly.  Could we have this, too? Mornings together—the three of us—a proper family?
He watches as the three little dots appear and disappear from the screen.  Four minutes of silence.  John sighs, decides on a bit of honesty.
After speaking with John about my fears, I feel sure that they can be conquered, with time.  He’s right that nothing has really changed—I just have new demons looming, projecting an unfortunate past onto a promising future.  I know now that I don’t want to hide away, to find something else, to play it safe. It isn’t who we are. It isn’t what we do. For now, we’ll take things slowly.  We’ll prepare and acclimatize to our new reality. And eventually, gradually, we’ll get back to what we know.
John and I share a weighty glance as a dim light appears in the upstairs window.  It’s him.
I stare back at John and my heart clenches so tightly that I think I might just die from the sight of him.  God, he’s lovely. And mine. Propelled by some force outside myself (or, perhaps, the adrenaline) I move forward in three long strides and envelop him in an impassioned embrace.  Kiss his forehead. Bring our mouths together and tell him—wordlessly—everything I need him to hear.
After staring at one another for a long moment in our suddenly silent flat, John takes my hand and leads me over to the couch.  He sits, tugging me down until my head is in his lap, and immediately begins carding his fingers through my hair. I look up at him, recalling our first kiss.  Lying in precisely this position and wondering what would happen next—now we do this often, and I think of it every time. It hasn’t even been two months, but in moments like this, it feels like we’ve been together for several lifetimes.  Our eyes are locked, studying each other, as we tend to do. He leans down and presses his lips lightly to mine. “I have something for you,” He says quietly.
glaring determinedly at each of the three men who attempt to chat me up.  Really not in the mood. Really
“No,”  She sighs, her cheek damp against his own.  “I suppose not.”
“Do you love him, then?”  John jerks back to the present, tearing his eyes away from the three little dots that have just appeared on the screen to stare at Harry.  “I mean, of course you do, Johnny, obviously.  Are you
When Greg drives home that night, he doesn’t try to prevent his mind (just this once) from collecting the strands of doubt, the tiny fragments of
“No.  No, of course not.”
that I’d left her because I want to build a life with
(See the end of the chapter for
The first thing I’m aware of upon waking is a solid, warm presence in front of me.  Eyes still firmly closed, I immediately recognize John’s scent and wonder at the sensation of soft cotton against my cheek.  I can feel his chest rising and falling beneath, can feel his skin under the pads of my fingers. Oh, God. My hand rests against his back, beneath the shirt he fell asleep in.  Arm wrapped tightly around his waist. All of this has become distressingly clear in the span of a second, and as my mind comes back online, I jerk back, pull away—eyes flying open and locking directly onto his piercing blue orbs.
He furrows his brow.  “Harry—”
“She’s on the bloody slide.  There’s a bloody
“No luck.  Tried that right away—we’re not completely useless.”
it’s growing dark and we’re tired of waiting.  They let us stay only because we got here first--not that we wouldn’t have found a way back in, anyway.  They’ve (finally) called in a metal worker to cut open the drum. He immediately ruled out using a blow torch, lest the drum be filled with kerosene.  No need to kill us all. Instead, he uses a tool to carefully--and
We’ve settled into our chairs, John occasionally smiling at me over his laptop.  He’s editing his blog entry again—nearly ready to click
“It’s
“I didn’t know,”  John whispers, barely any space between them now.  “Any of it.  I didn’t know,”
"Mm.  Have you seen him?"
“They took her,”  She gasps, looking up at last, eyes locking directly on mine.  “Because I’d refused to give them
“John—are you—do you—“
Oh, God.  Oh,
“Anything else you want me to know?”  Is there? I suppose I could tell him that just yesterday my brother abruptly announced his likelihood of a short life.  That I’ve taken him for granted my entire thirty-four years of existence, and that I sobbed myself to sleep over it last night.  I could mention my crippling insecurity within my relationship with John. That deep down I expect him to leave me. That despite our profound connection, I fear I’m not cut out for this sort of thing.  I suppose all of this will come out, in time. I’m already sure that I want to come back. This is a person I can speak freely with about such thoughts. Someone who I’ve no risk of pushing away, and who is legally bound to keep my secrets.
But Sherlock is not hiding now.
Apparently Sherlock has taken things into his own hands, and his solution is—to leave.
“‘Night, then,”  He tucks his legs up underneath him, snatches Harry’s abandoned blanket and turns his attention back to his mobile.
“We need to find a case, a real one.”
I’m torn from sleep by the sound of tires on gravel.  A car door slamming. Then another. The sun is still shining, and I stumble out of bed to the window, squinting as my eyes adjust to the light.  Two vehicles parked out front—one that appears to be our ride from before, and the other some sort of shiny vintage convertible in a shade of dark burgundy.  There’s not a person in sight, and just as I begin to panic, the black car pulls away and disappears beyond the trees. My phone pings on the nightstand where I left it earlier today, and I scramble to pick it up.
“John—surely you recall that Sherlock has named you beneficiary—”
The last thought John has as he slips softly into sleep, is that he will do anything—anything at all—to keep this.
—who we’d empathized with, who we’d let into our orbit with almost no hesitation.  We’ve both been compromised, drugged—
Now I sit, watching him from across the room as he chats enthusiastically with Hugo.  I tried, for a moment, to make myself a part of their conversation—but I can’t pretend to know anything about that world or their similar experiences at war.  They’ve been at it for over two hours now, and I’m fighting to keep a black mood at bay. The last thing I need is for this little outing to turn sour. I’d thought John and I would be spending the day together, but I suppose these things happen.  I need to learn to take them in stride. And anyway, I should at least attempt to question these men about Hal.
And so, undeniably, they’ve done this to themselves.  And anyway, for now at least, he feels bloody fantastic.
“We know that you’re a detective.  A famous one, apparently,” Adam adds, hesitantly.  He waits for me to contradict him. When I don’t, he carries on.  “Are you here for him, then? Here investigating the Grove?”
while the man is out of the country.
“Mm,” I’m only beginning to claw my way back to reality.  I feel like a tightly wound spool that’s been snapped and unfurled--a pile of thread, lying loose and limber.
John breathes, hands coming up to grab at my shoulders for stability.  His head drops down, watching my hand on him, pulling him swiftly to a state of bliss.  He leans forward, panting heavily against my chest—I can feel that he’s already close to orgasm as my fingers glide rapidly up and down.  Seeing him like this is setting my gut on fire, cock throbbing and skin buzzing—something new and exciting blossoming behind my ribcage. When he ejaculates, it’s with a strangled shout, erupting over my fingers and collapsing against my chest.  I wrap my arms around his body, kiss the top of his head.
She knows that she’s staring.  Knows full well that this moment is dragging on for far too bloody long and she should
“Agents?”
lose it.  My thoughts drift to danger, as they tend to do—to the sharp blasts of gunshots, rattling through my bones.  To panic, to injuries, to close calls—
by Dirty Projectors ♪
He knows that both of them are in this for keeps.  He certainly hadn’t expected the question to come as such a bloody surprise.
And swimming in their depths, I see affection, relief, gratitude—a combination of feelings that I’ve come to know as
Also, hi.  I last updated this angsty little bugger in September.  Oops!  It's also my least popular WIP so naturally it's the one I was able to get back to first.  Been feeling VERY ANGSTY so here's a full chapter of Molly being weird.
“You have me,”  He says this so softly that I wonder if I’ve heard him correctly.  He lifts his head again to meet my eyes. “Completely. It may take me a bit for—for the rest of it.  But I want all of it. This is—this has been—” He runs his palm down my jaw, traces a cheekbone with the pad of his thumb.  I can hardly believe what I’m hearing—my heart is surely beating a hole through the walls of my chest. “I feel more for you than I knew I was capable of.  However you want me, I’m yours.”
I start a pot of coffee while John fries up eggs and sausages.  We hurriedly eat breakfast, discussing all that we have to do today to prepare for our guests.  John and Mrs. Hudson decorated the flat on Monday, while I was at my session with Joel. When I returned, I was struck a bit dumb by their festive display, but the holiday cheer is undeniable.  White fairy lights shine in the windows at all hours of the day, pine boughs line the mantel, a large wreath graces our door. And naturally, they’ve placed mistletoe just inside—forcing all who enter to pass beneath.  In the two days since it appeared, John has dragged me over and snogged me senseless no less than seventeen times.
“You’ve identified him,”  Finally. He must be thrilled, though he doesn’t look it.  Maybe now we can begin to wrap up this bloody case, to find some peace for Irene.  “What does Mycroft have to say?” He meets my eyes, expression grim. Opens up another tab.  Another name, another face. Sebastian Moran. “His brother, then?” They do look quite alike.  I scan the page. This man is dead. Date of death is February of 2012. Another mental jump. ”That was—he died when—”  When Sherlock was gone. Several months after he lept out of my life and left me in ruins. What am I meant to see here? I’m growing a bit frustrated.  Wish he would just tell me what he clearly already knows.
(See the end of the chapter for
I stand at the mirror, fastening the final button on the deep green shirt my parents had gifted me upon my return.  John is piling our destroyed bed linens into a laundry basket, tugging a clean set out of a dresser drawer. As he spreads the fitted sheet out over the mattress, I wrap my arms around him, running my palms down the front of his burgundy Christmas jumper and pressing my lips to his temple.  “I love you,” I say. Because I do. He drops the sheet and turns in my arms—leaning into the embrace, cheek resting against my chest. We’ve had many quiet moments like this in the past four weeks—checking in, reassuring, reminding each other that we’re all right. I need these moments. I treasure them.
I started and abandoned this chapter three times!  I still don't know if it's any good!  I'm losing steam!  SOS!
“John, I’m--not entirely sure what to say.”
This is the first he’s heard of any intention on Mrs. Hudson’s part to include him in the will.  He loved her as though they were blood, and he knows the feeling was mutual—but she and Sherlock have
“Obviously,”  Sherlock snaps, turning to Greg as he drops John’s hand, wedging an arm around his waist instead.  “Honestly, Lestrade, do you need me to solve this one for you as well?  It’s always been a wonder that you’ve got the audacity to call yourself a detective, but
“That’s him,” We’ve halted about four metres from the bar, Ben discreetly indicating a relatively fit ginger-haired man seated amongst a small group in the corner.  The area is roped off, clearly meant for VIPs. Ridiculous. As we push through the lingering crowd toward them, I note—heart plummeting—the man seated to his right.
I smile, nod.  He clears his throat.  “Actually, ah--there’s something we wanted to tell you all.  We don’t want a fuss,” he hurries to say, “But, um--” He glances over, our eyes lock--
“Quick wit.  Sharp intellect.  A worthy adversary, and she knew how to play the game,”  He still doesn’t get it. “John, she was an equal. I was bored.  I welcomed the challenge,” She was
He sighs, shaking his head slightly.  “She told me before I left that Mycroft had paid rent on the place two years out.  I’d thought it was odd at the time, but assumed he’d just been buying himself time.  He isn’t completely heartless—I’d thought—maybe he isn’t ready to deal with it all.  With Sherlock’s stuff.  But it’s exactly as I’d left it a bloody year ago.”
His smile is warm, gently teasing as he repeats Sherlock’s own words back to him.  Sherlock considers, beginning to understand John’s witless thought process and inane choice of words.  “I’m trying to tell you that I’m not asking for that either.  There’s no bloody pressure.  And god, Sherlock, I’ve been so desperately in love with you for so bloody long—I’ve torn myself apart over it.  I’ve mulled it over and berated myself and broke down over the loss of it more times than I could ever recall—“ The hand that isn’t clutching Sherlock’s comes to rest against a pale cheek, thumb stroking back and forth once before stilling.  Sherlock’s eyes fall closed.  He can barely process what he’s hearing, hardly fathom what he’s feeling. “—and now that you’re back, well.  If you’re worried, you needn’t be.  You’re asking me to be with you, but I already am.  I won’t be going anywhere and I’d rather hoped you wouldn’t either.  Ever again, if it were up to me.”
He follows me to the shower—both filthier than ever—climbs right in after me and washes my hair with his own shampoo.  Standing close beneath the steaming water, he kisses me thoroughly, mapping my body with his curious hands. I grin (again) against his lips, feeling light—nearly giddy—relishing his newfound confidence, this easy intimacy, as the last remaining evidence of our eager affection swirls gradually down the drain.
“John,” Sherlock gasps, pulling back to look at him.  His eyes are stunningly dark, a bit wild, swimming with emotion and a hint of concern.  “What—“ John shakes his head, closes his eyes tightly.  Feels hot tears spill over and run sideways down his cheek.  Sherlock brushes them away.  Seems to freeze for a moment, but then he’s kissing John again.  Slowly, carefully.
The cab stops outside a small cottage, light pink in color.  It’s a quiet street and the house is older, well built, clearly well cared for.  We walk inside and find that Lestrade still has his team here--forensics puttering about, probably disturbing evidence.  At least we no longer have to deal with the likes of Anderson.
The door to the bedroom is closed (one window), no one inside.  The team has been scouring the rest of the house for signs of an intruder--seemingly having given up on trying to suss out the baffling pile of ash.  “Tell me what we know.”
“This isn’t—I’d thought perhaps—Mary—”
"He has a dinner reservation in the Marylebone Road."  A date then. "Nice little spot. They have a few bottles of the 2000 St. Emilion.  Though I prefer the 2001..." I'll interrupt. Spare him the company of whatever vapid female he's chosen to distract himself this week.
shouldn’t be surprised that Sherlock refuses to abide by standard phone etiquette.  And while he feels a bit bereft without
“Of course,” He leans in, kisses me softly.  “However long you need.”
“Bye Harry,”  He gives her one more warm smile, picks up his bag and heads back down the hall.
There are two men out front, working on some sort of classic sports car.  They eye us guardedly as we approach. “Can we help you lads?” The shorter of the two asks, wiping the grease off of his hands with a white rag.  “You look lost.”
“Yes.”
The look John gives him is one of unguarded rage.  He backs up, nearly tripping over the coffee table in the process—then snatches his jacket from the sofa and bolts straight out the door.
“Taking you home.  Come on,”  She steels herself for an argument, fully expecting some sort of explosive denial.  But he only sighs, nodding once at his empty glass, and rising from his barstool.  Christ, he looks like absolute shit—hasn’t shaved in ages, a short, greying beard covering his deeply creased features.  It doesn’t suit him.  Makes him look like he’s given up entirely.  Perhaps he has.  The deep, dark circles beneath his eyes are not new, though—they’ve been there since the moment it happened, since the very second that his entire world began to crumble.
,” I gasp quietly.  It’s barely a sound.  Emotion flooding through me, overflowing, spilling out.  He squeezes me tightly, keeping still as I adjust. When I bare down against him, he gasps, pulls back slightly and begins a long, slow thrust.  All of my senses amplified, I feel every brush of our bodies, every flutter of his eyelashes against my neck. With every careful roll of his hips, I feel the affection, the relief, the gratitude that we have for one another.  A physical representation of our inexplicable love. Eyes closed, I let the warmth wash over me as he drives into me, makes love to me, gradually turns me inside out. Buried deep inside me, he begins to pick up speed, and I breathe out a long, drawn-out shout.
Sherlock adds, voice thick with amusement.  John snorts, giggling as he futilely tries to squirm away.  Sherlock only tightens his arms further and hitches a leg over John’s hip, effectively trapping him.  “Truly offensive—absolutely vile,” He whispers against John’s temple, pressing lips to his forehead.
“Look,” He accepts the cup of tea that I thrust into his hands.  “I—wanted to say—I regret my reaction,” So he has changed his mind, then?  Regrets saying no?  Wants to know more about the case after all?
“I’m not sure where to begin,”  He rumbles, looking rather tense.  John sighs, still unable to wipe the smile entirely from his face.
she’d said.
wedding.  They’ve set a date and everything—only three more months to go.  Sherlock was the one to suggest January 29th, and John had teased him relentlessly for weeks about how
“Not especially,” Sherlock’s hands begin a slow sweep up and down John’s sides.  “Nor
“Mm,” Molly replies, rolling her eyes.  “He’s been at the Yard all weekend, obsessing over whatever case he’s got on.  Has hardly slept.”
Sherlock closes his eyes, tries to suppress his doubt about this, about throwing all his cards on the table, about making the affection he’s shuttered for all this time so painfully clear.  He cannot help but accept what John is giving him, though, even if it’s just the once.  So he sets the doubt aside for a moment and allows himself to stroke slowly up and down John’s back.  The notches of his spine are still vaguely evident beneath the layers of cotton and wool, and the firm muscle that makes up John’s strong, compact body seems to further dissolve under Sherlock’s sweeping touch.
I groan, rolling onto my back and feeling like a proper idiot.  “I’m sorry,” I say to the ceiling. Found the apology. If only I had an explanation.
This is another chapter that I rewrote like three times because it just didn’t feel right.  Tried to move the plot along several times and failed.  And so, we ended up with...you guessed it.  More soft smut.
“This is nice,” John says quietly as Sherlock parks the Jeep on the dirt path leading up to the old stone cottage.  Sherlock hums his agreement, wondering if John will feel the same once they’ve stepped inside.
If you've got any positivity to spare plz drop some in a comment.  Same goes for any other WIPs you happen to be reading right now.  It's so motivational to hear from y'all, and we could all use a little m o t i v a t i o n.  xo
“Mm,” Sherlock agrees, dropping down on his bed and toeing off his shoes, then socks.  “The main reason I keep you around,”  John watches him for a moment as things fall unnaturally quiet between them, his steel blue eyes tracking Sherlock’s movements as he divests himself of his suit jacket, then returning to his face, gaze calm and considering.  He’s so lovely, silhouetted against the hall light, his features heavily shadowed, eyes reflecting the digital clock at the bedside table that tells them they’re quickly approaching midnight.
John reads the diminutive memo and raises his eyebrows.  “Mind if we have a look around?” He asks, turning to the Eames family.
him to know—wants
“Mind if I join you?”
After a quiet hour on a train back to Sussex, we’re now sitting silently in the back of a cab.  My forehead pressed against the cool window—I feel remote—detached and isolated. None of the post-case elation that usually courses through me.  My mind is hung up on the fact that this path I’ve chosen could one day cost me John.
“And being there—it was—”
“Obvious.  The original owner of the dog was abusive and likely neglectful.  The neighbor, a card carrying member of PETA no doubt, witnessed this mistreatment from across the street, and decided to do something about it.  Though the original owner surely could not care less about the animal, he is a petty git and wants his neighbor to pay. Hence, contacting us to prove it’s the same dog.  The dog bit him because dogs are wise and protective companions, and he was defending his new home,” I rattle all this off and startle myself into a sitting position with the wave of relief I feel having solved a case, however mundane.  “John!”
anyway
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’re the love of my life,” John says quietly, voice ragged but firm, still staring out across the room.  Sherlock finds that he can’t think of a single thing to say.  He shifts behind John, turning one hand beneath his soft ministrations to capture his fingers, tugging gently.  A request.
Sherlock moves abruptly, each palm rising up to hold John’s face gently between them.  John peers helplessly back up at him, heart racing perilously, feeling splayed open and pinned in place, waiting.  He watches Sherlock’s eyes fall closed, suddenly frozen, as though overwhelmed—as though he doesn’t quite know what to do with this, doesn’t know what to do with
He looks devastated.  What am I missing here?  “I’m sorry,” More apologies.  I don’t need them, John. “I--” He looks at me pleadingly, shakes his head minutely.
He must be joking.  I watch, brow furrowed, as his amused silhouette appears in the doorway.  “I’ll take that as a
“Is that such a good idea?”  I fear for the backlash he may have to face.  He’s a relatively well-known public figure, and the press has never gone lightly on us.  “In the eyes of London, Mary was nothing more than an orphaned nurse with an innocent smile.”  I don’t want John to be looked down on for his role in this fiction, when the real story can’t be told.
“She deserved what came to her.  She destroyed the rest of us.”
They eat in comfortable silence, John flipping through the channels from an embarrassingly obvious quiz show to a tedious home makeover series, finally landing on a 1980s action film that they’ve both seen several times.  Sherlock steals bites of the tactically positioned noodles, allowing John to believe he’s tricked him into eating extra carbohydrates, and manages to finish the rest of it too.
A dull ache remains within the walls of his traitorous bloody head, but the piercing, all-consuming agony of last night has left him entirely.  It’s very early morning, he can sense it without even lifting his eyelids.  He ponders that simple fact, feeling his brow furrow in a moment of rare confusion.  When was the last time he’d slept through the night?  When was the last time he’d slept through a
“Have you been staying here?”  John asks stupidly, realizing the moment the words leave his mouth that he already knows the answer to that.  Sherlock has been at Baker Street every night, as far as he can recall.  Except—
bollixed it up for me, you mad prat.  She knew she could never compete with you.  Same with the rest of them, and they were quite right,”  He concludes.  Sherlock squeezes his hand.
“As lovely as this has been,” John chimes in, cutting them off before they can plant any questions in Rosie’s young mind about why this isn’t a perfectly normal occurrence.  “We ought to be going. Rosie—love you—same time tomorrow?” She enthusiastically agrees, and they say their goodbyes. Dropping his mobile unceremoniously back on the nightstand, John turns to me, fixing me with his gaze.  “All right?” He’s asking if I’m okay with them knowing—not that they really
is a bar on Main Street, in the heart of the town centre.  A gay bar. John said nothing as we scrolled through their outdated website, and I can’t help but worry that this will not end well.  He’s made it quite clear over the years that he’s uncomfortable with being perceived as homosexual. It happens often—essentially from day one—simply because of the amount of time we’re seen together publicly.  And perhaps also because my inconvenient
It takes them all of three minutes to tromp down a well-trodden path behind the pub that leads straight to a sprawling, sandy beach.  There are quite a few people roaming its sands: couples huddled together on blankets awaiting the sunset.  Children clustered around a miniature model sailboat in the shallows.  Families gathering their things to head back home before dark.
it,”  and god, it hurts to say.  But it’s the truth, isn’t it?  The man doesn’t want romantic love.  “He never has.  He’s never—had—it.  Never had anyone.”
John knows that things between them aren’t actually the way that they used to be.  He is no fool.  He is, however, utterly broken—a shattered fucking shell of his former self, trying desperately to remember how to be the man he was the last time he’d devoted his entire existence to Sherlock Holmes.  He’d been the happiest, most secure and sure version of himself during those precious months—and he is certain that he will never, ever be the same.  He is certain that the grief he’d endured in the following two years of hollow hunger has changed him into something...else.  Someone else.  He is certain.
: The quite famous case of Gareth Williams.  Some of the details are off.  It's intentional.
belong.  Painted walls, hardwood floors--standard,
“Sherlock—” I shut him up with my tongue in his mouth, hand sliding down to rub his groin through his jeans.  I don’t want to hear your concerns of being caught, John. Surely you see that that’s half the fun.
“I wasn’t sure how soon you’d want to begin the process,”  Sherlock says hesitantly.  John glances up at him, picking up on the wavering tone of his voice.  He looks—weary.  Tired and unsure.
As if to prove me wrong, Hal sidles up out of the shadows to greet us.  He takes my hand, holds on for a beat too long.
he thinks, heart flooding with warmth.
I wrap my arms around his waist.  Run the tip of my nose along his ear.  You’re right, John, about everything. It’s the unknown.  The lack of control. “I can’t trust my own thoughts anymore,”  I breathe. This is the root of it. Unwarranted panic. Unrelenting cynicism.  Be it PTSD or something else, I no longer trust my own mind.
(See the end of the chapter for
My mind races, trying to process his words.  In the dark, vulnerable corners of my heart, I had expected this conversation to go in another direction entirely.  Expected him to say
“Whatever you want,”  He says, turning to press his lips to Sherlock’s shoulder.  “I’m all in.  We’ll make it one to remember.”
“It was fine,” It was shit—a painfully dull dinner and a handshake goodbye—but John doesn’t bother to correct Sherlock when he incorrectly deduces the outcomes of John’s dates.  It’s part of their routine, he supposes, to pretend he’s finding some level of fulfillment with the carousel of women he spends his evenings trying to woo.
This bar is
John takes a moment to register this, and then immediately the tears come at the same time as the maniacal grin.
by Francis + The Lights ♪
“I’ve set up appointments for you both.  Saturday at eleven o’clock.”
Once Rosie has exhausted herself painting tiny masterpieces on sugar biscuits with frosting-dipped fingers, Sherlock takes her upstairs to read her to sleep.  John watches them spiral slowly up the staircase, wondering when the last time he’d had a moment alone with Harry had been.  He cannot remember a time where they’d spoken without the buffer of another person.  She wastes no time at all.
“Both all clear.  Well that was nearly painless,” John is beaming at me.  Clicks his phone off and practically skips over to the couch where I lie.  “Let’s go celebrate. Order some champagne—those stupid little posh folded napkins.  All of it.”
“Do you think I’ll be getting any sleep, sharing a bed with you?  Or will you be twaddling on all night and boring me half to death?”
As it turns out, Maxwell Chambers was a long time client of Esme Knoll.  He had a rare and incurable respiratory insufficiency, and paid her well to keep his mind off of it.
(See the end of the chapter for
) but expected a body and a prison sentence.
“Tell me what you’re thinking,”  John tries, burrowing under ridiculously soft linens until their faces are parallel.  Sherlock sighs, softly, then swallows.
The bath
“Tell me,”  He barks, suddenly furious.  Perhaps this was a mistake.  Sherlock certainly didn’t want John—or the others, for that matter—to know that he’d done this to save them.  But he hadn’t anticipated the Shakespearean effect his dramatics would have.  He clearly could not envision a world where John would not want to go on without him in it, and now his Romeo is paying the price for his emotional blindspot.  Mycroft allows himself to sigh.
slowly, John wills his entire body not to spontaneously combust.
Greg has seen the man only twice in the last year:  Once when he’d apparently come storming into his office at the Yard, all thunder and lightning and frantic, manic rage—revealing that Mycroft had taken it upon himself to give up half the plot and send John into a tailspin.  And once to give him an old DVD he’d found of Sherlock stumbling his way through a birthday greeting.
“Are you all right?”  John’s voice is quiet as he places a hand on Sherlock’s thigh, dragging him back to the present.  John, right here beside him, warm and real.  John, in his bedroom, on his bed, a hand pressed into his thigh, grounding him as no one ever has before.  John, back home.  Both of them, home.
I run my fingers along the edge, in the only corner devoid of toys and furniture.  Then abruptly yank it up, pulling it free of the tack strips that hold it to the hardwood below.  “Oi!” Warns John, as I pull the carpeting back, back. Then the padding--old, worn. The metre of hardwood revealed is nearly flawless, nicely finished, not a scratch to speak of.  Why cover it up unless you’ve something to hide?
means for them.
“When can I see it?”
Also, hey, THANKS FOR READING.  I know this is one is sort of bleak and clearly nobody wants to read weird angst right now if the hit count is to be trusted, lolz.  I promise they'll be reunited eventually, just wanted to try something new.
He takes a step forward, then another.
Mrs. Hudson, who had nearly fainted when we told her that John was moving back in, instructed us to donate his old bed if we didn’t want it—so we did.  We’d let her know that we were creating a space for Rosie upstairs, but didn’t exactly elaborate on why one bed is suddenly enough for both adults in the flat.  She didn’t ask. She’s always assumed that we were together, anyway.
He wonders now why they’ve never had a proper conversation about Sherlock’s role in her life.  It was his suggestion that the two of them return to Baker Street—he had to have known they were struggling—John always assumed that was why he’d asked.  Sherlock had stepped into a parental role immediately, seemingly happy to do so.  And—shocking absolutely everyone—he was a natural.
bed?) he’s not entirely sure how to proceed.
“What we’re doing here.  Not a case—you’d’ve said something show-offy by now if it were.”
“That was brilliant though, you idiot,” He brings his arms up around my back, rubs up, down, as I lie boneless and drooling.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ll take the couch,” Sherlock drawls, effortlessly slipping into an impeccable impression of boredom while in reality he stands scanning the back of John’s form obsessively for clues as to how he feels about this carefully chosen space.  John turns to face him.
John leans back, just a bit, to gaze up at him questioningly.
✕ Three (3) pairs shoes, women’s size 5
“It’s bothering you,” He says, palm landing gently on John’s war-wounded shoulder.  John doesn’t flinch, looks up calmly into Sherlock’s eyes.  Sherlock curls his long fingers, pressing carefully into the tense muscle beneath their grasp.  “Let me,” He says.
We invite Mrs. Hudson to come along for dinner.  She agrees enthusiastically (
“Nice to meet you,”  John grins, his tone more genuine than it’s been with anyone else we’ve met here thus far.  He must sense something in Ben. “Officially.”
“So why are you telling me?”  He asks, not quite meeting my eyes.  “Why not just go? You do love to disappear,”  That stings, a bit. But he isn’t wrong.
Because John doesn’t touch him, not really.  They’ll pull each other out of harm’s way in an adrenaline fuelled moment of chase, or bump shoulders while walking, while laughing and losing themselves in whatever private and usually inappropriate joke they’re sharing.  A hand on a shoulder while passing, every now and then.  But it isn’t much.  It isn’t enough, anymore.  And Sherlock hasn’t been able to parse whether John doesn’t welcome his touch or whether John believes that Sherlock isn’t interested in any sort of actual physical contact.  It is true that he’s rather given that impression in the past, much to his current dismay.
He moves forward slowly, eliminating the last few inches of space that separate them, touching John’s lips softly with his own.
“You’ve gotten soft in my absence,”  Sherlock mutters without even an ounce of feigned venom, pinching the (admittedly thin) layer of fat at John’s side.  John snorts.  The truth is that he looks even better than Sherlock had remembered him in their twenty months apart.  His hair has gone entirely grey, and he’s learned how to style it properly, making him look undeniably distinguished.  He’s taken up running and maintained the muscle tone that the army had earned him, though most likely all that had been for Mary’s benefit.  Sherlock tries not to think about that, and has certainly never asked.  He knew the moment John showed up at his doorstep nearly two weeks ago, bag in hand, that he would never dare question it.
“News?”
John half expects Sherlock to appear at his side to pry her off—he’d proven himself the possessive type time and time again—back when John was still kidding himself into thinking he needed someone else.  But now he only smirks at him through the window, rising to shuffle Rosie back for another go on the slide.
lose you.  And it nearly did kill me,”  Ah. Right. “Just because what we have has changed—grown—doesn’t mean it wasn’t always there,” He isn’t wrong.  But I never doubted the work, before. “And I don’t think that’s really the reason you’re questioning things.”
“Don’t you bloody dare say anything kind to me right now,”  Harry stands on one leg and leans against the doorframe of what will be her room for the next sixty days, arms crossed and scowling at John as he hovers uncertainly in the hallway.  His own bag sits at his feet, packed for the imminent trip back to London.  It’s been a long day.  A long, quiet and lifeless day filled with anxious pacing and suppressed emotion, followed by an extremely strained hour on a train.  But they’ve made it here—to Leeds, to the recovery clinic, to (he hopes) the first day of the rest of Harry’s life.
“Oh my
“I think—”  Harry begins, clearing her throat when her words come out as an unintelligible rasp.  “I think he probably knew, John,”  He looks up at her then, expression somewhat puzzled.  “Most observant man in London and all that.  You’re not exactly Fort Knox,”  She attempts a grin, hoping that this won’t make it all irreversibly worse.  His features remain joyless, but he rolls his eyes slightly in what Harry assumes is a fond way.
“Sorry,”  He says, smiling.  He is insane.  He really is.  Moreso now than ever, but who cares.  “You look ridiculous,”  He sighs.  She glares.  “I don’t know, Harry.  I didn’t think I could ever have him, so I took every opportunity to declare my disinterest.  Didn’t need the entirety of London pitying me.  He was so bloody untouchable—or he seemed that way, anyway.  I don’t think it was ever true,”  He’s pretty sure now—after everything—that every single part of Sherlock’s frigid demeanor was a façade he’d created to protect a fragile heart.  Of course John had seen a more human side of him when they were alone.  Of course he had.  But even then Sherlock had never shown the slightest bit of interest in anything beyond their oddly close friendship and working partnership.
“All right,” John breathes, propped up on his forearms, head hanging between them.  “Okay, go ahead,” I run my palms over his back, his sides. Curl my fingers around his hips.  We’ve been preparing for this for weeks, but I’m still a bit wary.
Sliding his hands up to Sherlock’s shoulder blades, John squeezes the man as tight as he dares.  He is acutely aware of every point of contact between them, his skin buzzing, humming, attuned to Sherlock’s presence the way he’s always been—but moreso.
But I never found the nerve.  Never said a single fucking thing about it.  He offed himself thinking I’d lost faith in him entirely,”  Harry inhales deeply, her heart squeezing uncomfortably at the pain in his voice.  She knows what it is to lose someone because you didn’t speak up, but this is far beyond her realm of experience.  “I called him a machine,” Oh, John.
fits into it.  Or their bloody landlady, for that matter.
Come here, you rascal,”  Rosie grins, slides off the sofa and makes her way into Harry’s waiting arms.  She lifts her up, groaning as she stands.  “Christ, you’ve grown, haven’t you?  What’s it been, a month?  Missed you, kid,”  She pecks one chubby cheek, then sets her carefully back down, keeping her stubby fingers wrapped warmly in one hand.  “Are we decorating biscuits, then?  I brought supplies.”
instead,”  John meets Sherlock’s eye, not quite understanding what he’s trying to say.  “What he meant,”  He continues, smiling slightly at John’s clear confusion.  “Is that once you’ve loved a place—once you’ve lived a life there, set down roots and grown within its walls—you can move on when you need to, without ever truly leaving it behind.”
“John,” An edge of impatience in her voice, now.  He smiles, still not meeting her eye.  Obviously she suspects.  He wonders what Sherlock had said to her last night.  He pictures him now, puttering around in his new laboratory after John had retreated outside to lie in the grass.  At some point he’d made the decision to text Molly—to ask for more time.  Time alone, no obligations—time to show John the letter, to find their way past that final barrier.  There are certainly no barriers now—no boundaries at all, if Sherlock is to be believed.
“Fabulous,”  Ben says, watching as we shift around to lean on each other.  “You two are fuckin’ cute, you know?” His finger dances through the air in our general direction.  John lets out a huff of laughter as I scowl. Ben just grins, scribbling his number on a piece of paper and sliding it across the bar in front of John.  “Text me for details,” He says. “I’m getting out of here before your new best friend stops staring from the corner and decides to come over,” He downs the last of his drink, leans over the bar to peck Adam on the lips, and strides out the door.
“You think you do,”  Sherlock looks away, staring at the cold heap of ashes in the grate.  “Until I overwhelm you entirely.”
The funeral
“Johnny,”  She shoots back.  He looks away, staring at the opposite wall.  “It’s a bad one.  I can see that.  Tell me.”
The drive back to our cottage was a quiet one, each of us lost in our own heads—and when we arrived, I went straight for my bedroom with a quick goodnight.  I had wanted to leave him alone—to give him space. I feel like my presence is a burden on him now, and it didn’t take long to see that in this relatively small cottage he has nowhere to escape to.  Despite his recent change of heart and subsequent kind words, I can sense that we still have much to resolve.
“Who paid you to pass along this information?”  I don’t know why I’m bothering. He won’t have any answers.  The only thing I’ve learned about my elusive client is that he’s adept at staying hidden in the shadows.
We sit side by side on our train, now—waiting to head off for Yorkshire.  We’ve packed for two nights, planning to stay at the cottage and explore my old stomping grounds.  I am both dreading and looking forward to showing John the places where I spent my youth. London is my true home, but Yorkshire and the cottage still hold a piece of my heart—albeit a small one.  He’s buzzing with excitement, never having been there. He cannot believe that we’ve been given a cottage in the country—that my family has chosen to bestow a place of such sentiment upon us. I’m still fairly surprised myself.
“Ah, so all this is solely for her benefit, then?”
“It isn’t at all what I was expecting,”  He says finally, glancing at John, then dropping his gaze back to the hand on his thigh, fingers still gently drifting over skin.  “I’d thought—I’d
This morning was uneventful.  Coffee, shower, and hours spent hiding in my room with my laptop, trying in vain to find even a speck of new information on Mr. Collins.  I also scoured the website and Facebook page of our new favourite gay bar, searching for a hint as to who Maude may be—to no avail. My many failed attempts have left me in a sour mood.  I suppose we’ll just have to go find out for ourselves.
he’d said, hovering in the entryway—not quite a question, but not a command, either.  John had stopped half way down the stairs, small bag slung over his shoulder, and turned to face him.
“Are you both safe?”
“Sherlock,” John’s lips graze my ear as he dazedly whispers my name, coaxing me back to reality.  “All right?” I am all right. I am more than all right. John and I are
I stare at him for a long moment, another thing we find ourselves doing often, these days.  Watching each other, silently communicating with our eyes alone. We can read one another clearly—though it doesn’t make this any easier.  I lightly rest my fingers on his forearm, where it lies on the armrest between us.
It’s a one-room cottage.  One bed, off to the left.  A small kitchenette in the front right corner.  A ridiculously tiny loo.  And against the back wall, two massive windows that look out to the sea, framing a fireplace and a single leather sofa.
for any of this,”  We almost literally flew here blindly, and have been stumbling around ever since.  “And it isn’t as if I want to spend any more time around that imbecile than is absolutely necessary.  If you have a better plan, I’m listening,” He won’t. He never does. He is an idiot, after all. He stares back at me, fists clenched.  Then, pulls his mobile out of his pocket.
“Shit,” He hangs his head again.  “You’re not bluffing? Tell me what you know.”
His gut is on fire.  Seeing John like this is tearing him apart.
“There are multiple potential courses of action,”  He begins, mind whirring as he breezes through each plan that’s waiting to be set in motion in the event that Dr. Watson deems his life unworthy of living.  They could commit him, of course.  But that, Mycroft believes, should be their last resort.  “I’d like to speak with him.  I can be there in thirty minutes.”
The aquarium at the zoo is not the one where all the shit went down, but I'm assuming that all aquariums are going to be traumatic for them and avoided at all costs.  Also, the London Zoo aquarium closed in 2019 but I think within this timeline it should still have existed at this point (summer of 2018?  Maybe?  Not going to pretend I in any way understood the timeline of the show or care enough to research it and do the math.)
“A year ago,” She whispers.  “He’d moved back to town.”
I sit forward—heart racing, erection slick and straining—hovering and hesitating.  When I line us up, he lifts his hips in encouragement, so I hold my breath and push gently
John sleeps beside him, having rolled onto his back at some point in the night.  Now he lies silhouetted by the blinding bright sunlight, more at peace than Sherlock’s ever seen him.
“No, I suppose not,” Sherlock studies him for a moment, and John suspects that he can see the question fighting its way to the forefront of his mind.  “You’re wondering if I’d been with anyone before you,”  That’s the one.  “The answer, I suppose, is technically yes.  One fumbling experiment in my youth with a classmate.  Hands, nothing more.  He never acknowledged it after that day, and I wrote it off as something not remotely worth my time,”  His gaze goes from unenthusiastically reminiscent to bloody intense in the span of a second.  “This—what we have between us, John—isn’t an experiment.  This is something that I will cherish,” John gives up on trying to keep his distance and shuffles his chair forward, each of them reaching out at once to clasp hands
Two cups of tea in hand, he takes his place across from Sherlock in his familiar old chair.  He carefully sets the mugs on the small table they brought from Baker Street for precisely that purpose, and watches an unsurprisingly fidgety Sherlock for a bit before the man finally meets his eye.
The idiot.  Can’t he see?
(See the end of the chapter for
“I was hoping to never step foot inside the Diogenes again.”
They sit in silence for long moments, watching the sun begin its descent into the horizon as the light slowly fades to a glorious gold.  Their arms brush occasionally as they sip their stout, and Sherlock feels each touch like an open flame, waiting.  For what, he’s not sure.
I push John into the vehicle, safely behind the bullet-proof glass Mycroft has fit his entire fleet with.  The driver is speaking rapidly into his phone as he pulls away from the kerb and speeds off. We pull over several blocks away and a moment later a single police car flies by, sirens blaring.  My phone vibrates.
Emboldened, John lets his tongue trace a line up Sherlock’s neck, reaching down between them to firmly stroke a palm up his shaft where it strains against his tight black pants.
(See the end of the chapter for
blue, John confirms quickly as they enter the loo at last.  The overall design is clean and minimal—walls covered in white subway tile, with a wide stripe of black running all the way around about a foot beneath the ceiling.  The floors are solid white, as are the large restored vintage sink and simple, modern toilet.  The entire back wall is dedicated to a massive open shower, with a thick glass partition, outlined in black.  All of the hardware and faucets are copper—much like the kitchen (John is sensing a theme here)—and off to the left is an enormous, clearly antique clawfoot bath painted inside and out in a deep, almost offensive, royal blue.
I dial the police now that we know he’s home.  They can go right ahead and corner him in his flat.  Our days of charging unarmed into rooms containing known murderers are behind us.  It isn’t worth the risk now that we’ve got so much to lose.
He looks tired.  He always looks tired.  The rest of us open another bottle of wine (another seltzer for Harry) and play a card game, eloquently named
.  I must have rolled away in the night and he followed.  The thought nearly makes the tears come again.
“You’d be surprised at my degree of uncertainty,” John breathes, a somber little smile on his face.
Sherlock.” His eyes had grown wider and wider as I blurted out all my desires and fears, here in the middle of this flat we’ve called home.  Baring my soul to you John. Heart is in your hands. “You’re such a bloody romantic,” I glare. “I want all of that, too. We can have that.” He leans forward, kisses me.  Slow, soft. Then my jaw, my throat. I swallow. “I know it’s a risk, there’s always a risk. But I don’t ever want to be apart from you again. I’m committed to you in whatever way you want me.  If we both want everything, we can have it.”
“Last night.  On the sofa.  You’d asked if I was seeing what I could get away with—if it was some sort of experiment.  It was,”  He hasn’t met John’s eye, still looking down at the fading palette of light checkered across the wooden floor below.  John isn’t sure what to make of this, so he just waits.  He
They sit in silence for several interminable minutes.  Eventually, Harry nudges his tea toward him and he accepts it blindly, his mind still far away.
I make a beeline for the bar, ordering a pint of cider from the clearly overwhelmed barman, and weave my way through the crowd to a relatively unoccupied corner of the room near an empty stage.  I observe. I can only assume that Maude will find me, as I have no earthly idea who she is or what she looks like. It’s only half eight—God knows why I chose to come straight here after leaving the restaurant—and I’m fairly certain that the next thirty minutes in this hellscape will be among the worst of my life.
“What are you apologizing for, exactly?”
“I love you,” Another whisper.  I turn my head to look at him, expecting to see some form of doubt on his face.  Reluctance, remorse.
Of course, I’d destroyed it all when I jumped.  The fact that I’d done it for him did not negate the fact that I’d let him believe I was dead for more than two years.  That I’d allowed him to think I had thrown my life away right in front of him—never giving him a chance to stop me. I didn’t fully understand the effect my actions had on him until Eurus took her life.  She hadn’t given any of us a single clue that she was planning to do so, and the news had hit me hard. I had done the same to John, and it mattered not that it was all a ruse. I wasn’t able to conceive of the guilt and complicated grief that plagues those left behind, until I was in the same position.  It helped me to understand his rage upon seeing me again. Helped me to see the emotional nightmare I’d put him through. It had also added another layer to the already overflowing well of gratitude that I feel for him and his ability to forgive.
.  You’ll be the death of me.
“Brilliant,”  John breathes, another giggle bubbling up in his throat.  “Completely mad, but yeah—brilliant.”
“You shouldn’t have to.  You should be able to tell me anything.  You’re still my best friend, Sherlock, and I shouldn’t have let it get to this point.  It’s just that I—you know that I’m—” He stops himself, meets my eyes again. Lets out a long exhale.  “I can’t.”
“Never,”  Sherlock mutters into the crook of his arm, shuffling closer and exhaling dramatically.  John knows a lost cause when he sees one.  They can have their little secret.  He glances down at Rosie, who’s stretched out against Molly’s side—probably exhausted after hours of running up the staircase and careening down the slide.  When he meets Molly’s eye, they share a smile.  She looks pointedly at the sprawl of curls against John’s chest, then back at him, eyebrows raised.  He can only grin like an idiot, sliding his hand up to brush gently through them as he savours this feeling of contentment, of peace—surrounded by the peculiar little family he’s somehow managed to hold onto.  Sighing, he lets his eyes drift shut.
I'm dead, after all.
“I am desperately in love with you,” His voice is steady now.  Clear as a bell and calm as a Hindu cow.  He presses his mouth to Sherlock’s neck before continuing with a growing smile.  “In case that wasn’t clear.  And I wish you prosperity and contentment, and—what was it?”
“I know how it sounds,”  His voice is almost pleading.  Greg feels for him, he really does.  His life with Sherlock
I roll, gently, toward him.  He slides off and immediately nestles in against my chest.  I tuck his head under my chin, circle his body with my limbs.  All four of them. Safe, cocooned.
John takes himself in hand.  The small, contented sounds Sherlock makes and the sight of him like this—soft and pliant and utterly wrecked—has John gasping against his wiry thigh, lips dragging over a bony knee as he breathes through the heady rush of oxytocin coursing through him.
“You know it’ll get out eventually though, right?”  He’s tucked the duvet down under his chin, head poking out the top, looking up at me where I sit propped against the headboard.  “I’ve already prepared myself to be asked about my relationship with her. I’m just going to be honest.”
"How would I know?"
The client has arranged a private flight from Heathrow into San Francisco International in two days time.  No turning back now, I suppose. I pace around the flat, throwing things into a pile by the door that I’ll eventually shove into a suitcase.  My suits already hang in garment bags in the wardrobe, fresh from the dry cleaner.
is what he hopes to convey.
“The details aren’t useless, John,” Painful, but relevant.  “I want to hear them. I am loath to admit it, but we’ve been putting off a conversation that needs to be had.  Moving forward we have got to be able to understand each other at our low points. And for that to happen we’ll have to talk about our time apart.”
“Yeah, all right,”  He says, eventually, pressing his lips softly to the palm of Sherlock’s wandering hand.  “Starving.”
“A-ha?” John mutters into Sherlock’s shirt, surprising himself—he hadn’t intended to speak, to break the spell.
Releasing Sherlock’s fingers, he turns onto his side, propping his head up with his recently freed hand and looking down at the man sprawled out on the grass beside him, grey eyes quietly searching his own.  John hooks a finger through a belt loop and tugs, smiling when Sherlock rolls his eyes and then his body, shifting until they lie face to face.
“Ideally, yes.”
Boring things:
He sets his arse down in the sand beside John, reaching for a bottle of his own as he simultaneously pulls a neon green Bic lighter out of his trouser pocket.  He glances at John, already knowing the indignant look he’ll find on his hopelessly expressive features.
by Caribou ♪
“But today has barely begun.”
Mycroft didn’t make an appearance this time.  In fact, he’s been mysteriously absent for the past couple of weeks, though he claims he’ll be in attendance tonight.  We’ve made an effort to see each other more, and have been trying to find some common ground. We had him over for dinner once in the first week of December.  It wasn’t altogether unpleasant. He spoke of his recent work with the South African government—what little he could actually tell us—and we told John stories of our childhood adventures, before things had gone sour between us.  He’d asked us if we’d be interested in taking cases again, and we told him of our quest for peace of mind. Mycroft is aware of my (now officially diagnosed) PTSD and has refrained from asking for any hands-on assistance. Things have gotten marginally better, but I need more time.  I’d told him as much, and he was understanding—he always seems to be understanding these days. We did not speak of illness, of uncertainty, of untimely ends. I’ve learned that there’s nothing to be gained by dwelling on what we cannot control.
“It’s lovely,”  He says, voice a bit gruff.  He quietly clears his throat as his gaze sweeps over the shiny hardwood floors and warm white walls covered in Molly’s eclectic art collection.  The light blue velvet sofa and coordinating armchairs bracket the painted brick fireplace, crackling warmly along the far wall.  His eyes finally land on the towering bay window framed with twinkling white fairy lights, the illuminated city visible through the parted curtains and darkened glass.  “A—home.  You, the two of you—”  He coughs, smiling a self-deprecating smile at his fumbled words.  He tries again.  “It’s nice to see you both.  Nice to see you happy.”
Thanks so much to everyone who made it to the end!  I appreciate the support/comments/insight on this strange story of mine.
John is right behind me--of course he is--as our feet carry us across the street and through the gravel that surrounds the shop.  We skid to a halt, gravel crunching, once we’ve reached the corner where Jones disappeared. Sirens in the distance now, clearly headed this way.  “There,” I whisper, nodding toward the chainlink graveyard of vehicles. He’s getting into a white sedan, parked at the edge of the lot near a gate.  “He’s going to run.”
—nose crinkled, brow bunched—
Despite his front row view of John and I possessively clinging to one another at the bar Monday night, he’d decided to begin a text message campaign for my attention the very next day.  The messages started on Tuesday evening and have yet to relent, forty hours later—and I haven’t responded even once.
He’d envisioned a small affair—quick, simple statements of devotion shared between them.  Papers signed.  Perhaps their immediate families present.  He’d envisioned it that way because he’d assumed that’s what Sherlock would want.  No fuss, no over-the-top nonsense—none of the sort of thing that Sherlock has always considered quite beneath him.  But apparently—
He keeps his eyes locked on mine, fingers still pulling lightly through my curls.  “Sherlock,” Traces a cheekbone, my jawline. Smoothes a thumb softly over my lips. “There’s nothing you could have done—
Sure, why not?  “Brilliant,”  He says very seriously, taking another step forward and squatting down to tickle Rosie to within an inch of her life.  “Fantastic,”  She giggles and shrieks, batting at his hands and trying to squirm away.  “Truly stunning,”  He lets her go, watching amusedly as she bolts around the corner, running to hide behind the willow tree on the side of the house, as he knew she would.
“We can still find her,”  John says firmly. “We’re here now,”  I slide my hand down his arm, back up again.  Confident, hopeful—so sure that we can still fix this.  He doesn’t see what I do. She smiles sadly, gaze still fixed on the landscape as it passes by.
Overall, it’s been a fairly productive day—they’ve succeeded at ensuring her life will stay intact, and for that, John is grateful.  But he hasn’t heard from Sherlock once.
he keeps telling himself.
say any of the more crude lingo, even inside his own head.  Was originally going to only use the proper terminology for everything, but that's not really sexy, is it?  Hope my mix of poetic verbiage, overuse of 'erection' and occasional use of 'cock' is working for you all.  It's been fun.  ✖‿✖
“All right,”  I say abruptly.  “Come on, then,” I look at John, who seems to read some of this in my expression.  He squeezes my hand, before dropping it.
They stare at each other, John realizing, perhaps for the first time, the depth of what he’d done for him that night.
“Well I’d thought you were at least shagging!  Flatmates with benefits or—whatever.”
“Joining me anytime soon?”  Sherlock rumbles directly into his ear, sending a sharp wave of heat straight down John’s spine.  His grin broadens, eyes drifting open as he rolls his head to the side to meet clever grey eyes.  “There you are,”  Sherlock says, flashing a smirk and ceasing his figure eights—instead rubbing a hand back and forth over John’s belly, fingers skimming through fine blonde hairs.  John sighs, relief flooding his limbs, unbidden but welcome.  He’d fallen asleep vowing to do whatever it takes to keep the connection that had surged between them last night—certain that the open, trusting version of Sherlock he was finally allowed to meet would be gone once morning arrived.
“What can I do?”
“Gregory,”  A simple, clipped greeting from the unamused voice on the other end of the line.  “If he hadn’t run off so quickly I’d have further explained,”  Straight to the heart of it, then.  Greg puts his mobile on speakerphone and tosses it on the desk.
is the word they’d used.
.  For months.  I never even suspected.”  He’s angry with himself. As if he should have known.  As if anyone could have.
The pads of John’s fingers lightly nudge my hand where it rests on the seat between us.
eyes.
His mind is a cloud, but his body is more alive than he’s ever known it to be.  His legs unfold of their own accord, stretching out on either side of John’s thighs as Sherlock eases him back against his chest.  It’s almost easy, now, to wind his arms around John’s belly, to slip one hand beneath his thin t-shirt to glide over a soft, trembling abdomen.  John shakes, chest heaving, and when Sherlock hooks his chin over his shoulder, he can see that his eyes are clamped tightly shut.  Sherlock lets his lips dance dangerously close to a stubbled cheek.  Glances down and finds that John is achingly hard, cock straining against the fabric of his jeans.
John cannot tear his eyes away.  They watch each other, something monumental passing between them.  Something unfathomable and profound.  John would remain suspended in this moment indefinitely if he could, basking in the tendrils of potential winding their way through his chest, mending the last shattered remains of his long-held grief.
“Shit!” John elbows me as I’m hanging up the phone.  I glance up in time to see Jones’ shadow rounding the corner behind the building.  Without thinking twice, I jump up and start running.
It is staggering.  He wants John.  He
“You didn’t have your heart set on Penarth?”
really?  I leap from the couch and begin pacing the room.  Need to process this. What have I missed? What does this mean?  It feels like a betrayal—my instinct is to be furious, but I’m only confused.  Why keep this from me? Why should I care if Irene is the one who summoned us here?  She and I haven’t spoken in
The sun has fully risen, casting an optimistic glow about the flat that perfectly contradicts the sinking feeling in John’s gut.  He sits in silence, waiting for Sherlock to emerge—but it’s Rosie who makes herself known first, clambering down the stairs from their shared room.
Molly and Greg smile their way through the door around six, followed shortly thereafter by a much less enthusiastic Mycroft.  Molly makes herself at home, easily introducing herself and Greg to Harry and the Holmses, drifting around the room spreading her undeniable joy.
We spent Monday afternoon and most of yesterday in Penarth with my parents.  My mother feigned devastation when we’d told her we’re spending Christmas in London, so we compromised.  It was a fairly tedious trip, but they were thrilled—and I think John was as well. Mummy had taken a liking to his jumpers the last time we visited, and she gifted him the one that he’s wearing today.  A tasteful wool Fair Isle in two shades of burgundy. She gifted me the deed to our family home in Yorkshire, but I’ve yet to tell John.
But I’m afraid it’ll lose its potency if I say it every time I’m compelled to.  If I did that, I’d never stop—
Sherlock reaches for his hand, dragging him to the sofa nearest Rosie and plopping down beside her.  He pulls John down next to him, using his shoulder as a pillow and settling in to pretend to tolerate the animated drivel that Rosie so enjoys.
“Such a thing might cause one to worry, if one were the type to do so.”
“Waiting on results.  Should be any time now.”
“Why haven’t you told him?”  Harry is hobbling about the kitchen on one crutch, tearing apart a cupboard in search of whatever tea she’s decided is vastly superior to the Earl Grey that John has made.  He sips at his mug, glancing up at her over the newspaper he’s been staring at unseeingly for the better part of an hour.  He says nothing, watching as she finds the one she’s looking for and plops a bag into the steaming water John left for her on the worktop.  Finally, she meets his eye.  “Well?”
“Yes, it’s me,” My eyes fly open now.  I prop myself up and glance around wildly.  John stands at the far side of the unfamiliar bed, leaning forward, but keeping his distance.  Palms against the mattress, face a picture of concern. I wipe my hand across my wet cheek and stare down at it in the dim light of dawn.  I sigh, deeply, and lie back, eyes fixed on the ceiling.
What’s happened?”
My brow furrows.  Ill? What does that mean, exactly?  Surely he wouldn’t be telling me like this if he had simply caught a cold.  I need data. Need to process this. He has access to the best medical care available in the UK.  What could it possibly be, that it can’t be swiftly cured? It seems to have altered his entire demeanor--an extremely unsettling thing to witness.  Why hadn’t I realized? I’d noticed he was going out of his way to be gracious. I’d noticed his odd behavior long ago, and never even considered that it could be--
Leaving a trail of clothing in piles on the floor, we trip and stumble out of our trousers and pants on the way down the hall to our bedroom.  We fall chaotically into bed--a tangle of legs, hands clutching faces and mouths pressed together, hot and wet. Our tongues at war within the confines of our lips.
This time once they’ve pulled the linens over their heads, it’s Sherlock who covers John’s face in gentle presses of his mouth.  John submits easily, keeping his eyes shut tight and reveling in the sensation of this—of careful touches, reverent movements.
“You—are you leaving London?”
John looks over at me now, and when our eyes meet I’m positive that he’s been thinking the same things.  Thinking of our unconventional friendship, of our potential for something more. He’d remained still and quiet this morning while I held on to him, buried my face in the fabric of his shirt.  He must have been beyond surprised to find me like that. He could have shaken me off, woken me up. But he didn’t.
“John—“ Sherlock begins, then realizes he isn’t even sure what he’s doing, what comes next, what he’s trying to say.
Upon looking into her past, it became very clear, very quickly that Mary Morstan was not who she said she was.  Mycroft has found that she was, in fact, a trained assassin. Freelance, with ties to Moriarty. And she was almost certainly placed in John’s clinic to keep an eye on him.
And there is desperation in the way they cling to one another, but there is also liberation.  Relief.
“Well then,”  Greg says cheerfully, taking a long pull on his own beverage.
John is clearly enchanted by the festive mood our street has insisted on adopting.  His blue eyes reflect the lights that surround us, and when he looks up at me, he’s grinning.  “You can’t stand them, the lights,” I smile. He knows me well. “You think it’s all a bit ridiculous,”  I do. “Maybe it is,” He stops walking, turns to face me, takes both of my hands. “We should go see your parents soon.  I’d like to meet them.” I stare back at him, well aware that he’s thinking of the coming holidays, of his lack of family to spend time with.  Wants to see if he can be a part of mine.
Pressing his lips briefly to Sherlock’s cheek, he kisses slowly down his jaw, sucking lightly on his hammering pulse point—heart surging when Sherlock moans helplessly, fingers tightening around John’s arse.  Having the ability to elicit such reactions from this brilliant being feels impossible—feels
They watch the screen in silence, the rapid gunfire and constant shouting that seem to be prevalent in every tedious action film nearly drowned out by the distracting presence of John’s thumb tracing slow, comforting patterns across the arch of Sherlock’s foot.  He feels secure, lulled into a contentment he has seldom felt in the past two years.  Safe.
“I’m worried we haven’t done enough for him, Greg.  He hasn’t got anyone else.”
So’s Sherlock, now that he’s stopped holding himself back.  He’s constantly surprising John with a hidden demonstrative nature.  When they’re on a case he tends to be all business—at least in public—but at all other times, he has made it quite clear that he doesn’t mind one bit who sees them.  They made the papers only once, in the first month, walking hand in hand at a crowded market.  John had just posted a public blog announcement, which created rather a lot of chaos for them for about a week.  But the interest in their relationship had quickly died out, for the most part, much to their relief.  The attention span of the average British citizen is blessedly short.  Sherlock had stabbed the newspaper clipping into the wall above the mantle, where it remains—a precious relic.
“Rohypnol, then?  Ketamine?” Fury in his voice, at the thought of being rendered powerless, helpless at the hands of this man—this
Why would she be?  “Upset?”
“John,” He sighs, running his palms up and down his jumper.  “Can we
“It’s an incredible thing you’ve done, Sherlock.  Bit of a shock, but—good—I think,”  He leans into Sherlock’s shoulder.  “Let’s go see the place tonight, yeah?  I can’t bloody wait.”
—nothing—except—
(See the end of the chapter for
John enjoyed the show, we finished washing and dressing, and now we’re standing side by side in front of the full-length mirror in our room.  We’ve both chosen simple black suits for the press conference--my shirt white, his a light grey--and as we stand here primping, I’m taken aback by how natural we look together.  Comfortable and at ease in each other’s presence, like two pieces of a whole.
(See the end of the chapter for
Stella flings open the door the instant I knock.  “Oh, thank you for coming,” She’s a petite woman in her thirties, strawberry blonde waves curling past her shoulders.  Her daughter lurks behind her, an exact match in miniature. “This is Minnie,” Aptly named.
“Morning,”  He says when we shuffle in, still donning last night’s clothes.  He gives us a bit of an odd look, but doesn’t mention it. “Made coffee,”  A nod to the worktop, where a fresh pot awaits our arrival. “Thanks again for letting me stay.  Really,” John heads over to pour us each a cup.
She hears the front door open, then shut.  Footsteps in the hall.  Evidently John
Spilling tenderness like blood across his writhing flesh, I lean down, thrusting wildly and bring my mouth to his neck.  I suck a bruise, scrape my teeth against soft skin. Tongue tracing a path like a noose across his throat, arm snaking around and down--
John moves to follow and nearly trips over his own feet in surprise when Sherlock clumsily grasps his hand, tangling their fingers together.  His expression is intense—determined—and he remains silent when faced with John’s questioning look.
“Since we last spoke,”  The words slip in through John’s ear and sink into the very core of him, down, down, deep into his bones.  He could drown in that voice.  He might just.
Harry.  Jesus.”
“No,”  Sherlock says softly.  “Not always.  For years now, though.  And tonight.  Certainly tonight,”  John combs his fingers through soft, dark curls.
.  “I--yeah.  Yeah, that would be brilliant.”
I snatch up John’s phone.  One text message, from the same number.  Sent just before mine.
“Well, she lives alone.  She’s a call girl. Sex worker.  A high-end one, seems like. She owns the house, bought it a few years back.  Anyway, they found her book of Johns—” He glances at John with a smirk. “Convenient, eh?  Who writes anything down these days? It’s a short list. Seven men. All being brought in for questioning today.”
John’s head drops forward and he’s panting heavily, shouting with every snap of my hips.  I’m already tipping over the edge, losing myself and quickening my pace as my entire body trembles, shakes.  I drive up into him, arms still clutching him against me, holding us both upright. I slide a hand down to grip his erection, firmly stroke his shaft in time with my increasingly frenzied thrusts.
“Yeah,”  John nods, tracing my brow with the pads of his fingers.  “I’d texted him this morning saying I was afraid you’d try to break into Bohemian Grove.  Right after you told me what you’d learned. I’m a bit terrified you’ll run off on your own if I disagree—and I
John has lived here at Baker Street for over a year now.  Sherlock is very much a part of his life—the centre of it, some may say—and John has accepted that.  He’s happy with it.  Happier than he’d thought himself capable of, in what was shaping up to be the most glum and colourless season of his life.  Content even, though it’s taken him longer than it should have to accept it.  He’s stopped dating, finally.  Stopped kidding himself.  Whatever this is that he’s found with Sherlock isn’t something he’ll be trading for a charming wife and a white picket fence.
“I don’t know.  I—this is difficult,”  His eyes are pleading, but I don’t know what to say either.  This
“He’s a lot more than your
“It’s been two weeks,” I begin, brow furrowing, already unsure how to continue.  His eyebrows creep upward as he watches me struggle to find the words. “Do you—what do you think—“ I stop.  Sigh. Let’s try this again. “If you’re amenable,” I blurt out. “I’d like to move forward with our relationship, a bit,” Does that make sense?  I sound like an idiot. I just want my hands on his skin. Want to lose the barriers of clothing that we’ve diligently kept between us these past weeks together.  I have been looking for any sign from him that he may be interested in moving forward to something more, but he’s seemed perfectly content to continue our current virtuous routine.  He stares at me.
“You did?  So you don’t
We spent this morning painting John’s old bedroom a light, bright green.  Rosie claims this to be her current favourite colour. Once all of her furniture and myriad toys were securely in place, we took a trip to a greenhouse to pick out some houseplants—another demand of hers.  She’d learned to care for plants at reception and has decided that the one she’s been carefully keeping alive for several months is no longer enough. The room feels warm and bright, now. Full of life. Quite literally.
“Going to elaborate?” John can only grin when Sherlock sighs.
together—the way Sherlock made him feel from the moment he walked into his life.
The tears that he finds there are unexpected—as is the open expression of relief in the watery pools staring back at him.  He leans in, lightly meeting the lips of this pure, freehearted creature—bringing a hand up to rest along the curve of his jaw.  Sherlock sighs, turning into the touch and pressing several final kisses to John’s palm, before turning his body toward him and burying his face in fine silver hair.
Silence falls over them, the moment stretching out a bit uncomfortably, with only the quiet splash of Rosie’s pebbles to interrupt the gradually building tension.  John is sure that whatever the source of this unrest may be, it isn’t him.  He happens to be beyond thrilled with this place, with this day, with the two people in his immediate vicinity—But he can feel it.  And it’s growing impossible to ignore.
They can hardly drag a word out of him.  He tells Molly a vague bit about his work at the clinic while Greg finishes dinner.  Her overall impression is that he finds it as tedious as he’d found the last place, but his coworkers are tolerable.  When she’d grasped onto that tiny spark of positivity and asked if he’d made any good friends there, he’d simply looked away and said
“No—yes.
“Yeah.  Or, well,
My mobile pings from across the room, causing my heart to lurch.  It’s been quiet for the entire forty one hours since John walked out of that diner, leaving me to sit in silence with the noise in my head.  I haven’t tried to contact him—his answer was clear. I scoop up the phone.
“I like a head scratcher.”
“I’d say so, yes,”  He rolls toward me, tugs at my arm until we’re lying face to face.  Slides his hand around my waist to rest on my back.
He crawls over my body, hovering above on hands and knees. Our eyes remain locked as he lowers himself, unhurriedly, lying down flat on top of me.  This is the first time I’ve had the whole of him pressing me down, chest to chest and groin to groin. It feels amazing. Safe. He rests his cheek on my shoulder for a moment, breath warm against my flesh, then leans in and slowly, slowly, licks a hot, wet stripe up the side of my neck.  Oh,
Didn’t see that coming.  Maude struts around the stage as a new pop song begins to play.  Her dark skin—she appears to be of Middle Eastern descent—pairs well with the slate blue wig atop her head.  She expertly lip syncs along to the hateful dance music that floods the room, and when I turn to scan the crowd, it’s clear that they are all enraptured—entirely entranced by her.  This is someone who knows how to command a room.
Mid-afternoon light shines in beams through the treetops, highlighting our steps as they disturb the dirt path below.  We’ve ventured out into the countryside, in search of a less paved paradise. The park that we now walk through is known to tourists for its reconstructed medieval village, and while I’m not much for history, John is intrigued.
“Considering we’re here to interview John’s lover’s supposed executioner, not quite,” John glares at me.
Harry’s up before us.  We hear the clattering of pots and pans in the kitchen and share a grin as we listen to the sounds of her trying to make breakfast.  We decide to stay put and see what comes of her attempts..
“Just got back from school.  Greg said I could call you because you would probably be awake by now.  He said the time is different there. But you didn’t pick up. Where’s Sherlock?”  That didn’t take long. She knows that he took a trip with me—
“Composing takes ages, John.  Needed a third movement.  Had to improvise.”
“I understand,”  He says, narrowing his eyes at my disbelieving look.  “I really do. You know that we don’t have to go through with this, right?  We can tell the client to fuck off, go back to London. We don’t have to do this if it’s—if it’s too—”  He shrugs, the look in his eyes finishing the thought for him. I’d considered that as well. Considered abandoning the case entirely, going home.  Pretending that last night never happened. Going back to speaking to John a few times a month and watching Rosie grow up through occasional photos sent in text messages and each year’s holiday card.  I know that if we go back now, we won’t ever fix what’s between us. There is simply too much distraction in London—and our recent conflict aside, we’ve been growing apart. I can’t let that happen. Selfish as it may be, John is all I’ve got.  He’s all I’ve ever wanted. And he seems to think that we can pull off this ruse—that it doesn’t have to be such a big ordeal. If there’s a chance that our time spent here can repair our friendship, I have to try.
He presses his mouth to the top of my spine.  Kisses a trail across my shoulder, rests his lips softly against my ear, and whispers.  “Are you okay?”
“He spends half his time up in Monte Rio,”  A shrug. “That’s the gist of it. As much as he likes to talk, he never says much.”
“Yes, well, you’d never have shut up if I hadn’t agreed,”  He digs his fingernails into my skin slightly, scowls as he laughs.  Always a contradiction, my John. “And anyway, I purchased the tickets weeks ago.”
He breathes.
“Buggering
“Only slightly?  I’d have thought considerably,”  He attempts a smile. I watch him for a moment.  He hasn’t stopped fidgeting, but he’s holding my gaze.  “Sherlock...” He trails off.
his sense of loss in his letters.  And the last one was written on the day that we found each other again.  He’d felt my presence that morning and was thinking of me all day. “I gave these to you so you’d have tangible confirmation of what I’ve always felt for you.  I know you doubt your worth sometimes. I wanted you to be able to see for yourself whenever you need to,” I do see. He’s handed me what I would consider definitive proof.  He wipes the tears from my cheek with his thumb. “Maybe I should have burned them after all. I almost did.”
Updates will be sporadic—been pretty busy with real life.  I'll shoot for every other day, but no guarantees.
“I killed him,”  He says, watching my face carefully.  “I shot him in the head,” I can only stare, trying hopelessly to digest this statement.
He moves his hands down to my ribcage.  Hesitates, then slides one arm between my body and the sheets below, brings the other around to my chest, and pulls me in.  We lie flush together, now, his body curved against mine. He wraps both arms completely around me, holding on tight in a true embrace.  I try to keep up with all of the new sensations that come along with being held like this—try to breathe steadily, but it comes out as a sob, completely overcome by the well of emotion that has risen up within me, forming a lump in my throat and a crack in my heart.  I feel the tears prickle the corners of my eyes before flooding out, unable to be contained, and I curl up even smaller as my chest begins to heave with it. John holds on tighter, his strong arms as much a comfort as they are a source of this new form of agony.
John laughs, of course he does.  “I’d requested a candle,”  Sherlock grumbles.  John shifts a bit closer.
John exhales slowly, not quite finding the nerve to meet Sherlock’s piercing gaze just yet.  Fingers lightly squeeze his arm and he finds Molly in front of him—she’s been there the entire time, he supposes, though in the last few minutes his entire world has narrowed down to just one man in the room.
.  Want to tell him every moment of this day has been stored safely away in my mind palace to be replayed regularly for the rest of my life.  I want to say
“Hello Irene,”  I say with a smirk.
I narrow my eyes.  “
Showered, caffeinated and full of toast, we now stand at the door, sliding arms into coats.  We decided over breakfast not to speak to any press until after Mary’s case is behind us. Mycroft’s men have kept the reporters from camping outside our door, so we don’t need to concern ourselves with them just yet anyway.
“Don’t,” I snap, without looking at him.  I’m not even sure why I’m so upset. A black mood has been creeping up on me all day—since last night, really—and I’m taking it out on John.  I’ve been sniping at him all afternoon. It isn’t fair—I know that it isn’t. He’s done nothing wrong. “I’m sorry,” I say, quietly, to the street.
Sherlock carefully disentangles their fingers, letting go and standing quietly at John’s side.  John immediately and irrationally feels as though he’s just lost something precious—like they’ve just unceremoniously broken the link he’d been longing for, for longer than he can recall.  He knows rationally that he can’t cling to Sherlock indefinitely.  Even if this is something that they
it’s his dog.  Same exact markings or some such.”  I sigh.
Something inside Sherlock shakes loose, breaks free.
“Only one way to find out.”
Eating with John is easy.
He helps clear the rest of the table, binning their beer bottles and then settling beside her to dry the dishes she’s placed on the rack.  Once they’re done, she turns to him and sighs.
I've learned to be honest with myself in my time away.  Two years spent in immutable fear and crushing solitude will do that to a person.  Even me. I was wholly unprepared for the situation I walked into, and the result was a series of drawn-out and painful reality checks.  Gaping wounds on both my body and mind. In addition to that particular kind of agony, something snapped into place that day on the rooftop, kicking up a train of thought I could not hide from.  Not anymore.
He holds me while I fall apart.  I let myself be held. The front of his shirt soaked through with my tears, my arms wrapped so tightly around him that I wonder if he can breathe.  He just cradles my body, presses his mouth to my head, says nothing. And through all of my overwhelming regret and pain, shines a bright beam of relief.
things would certainly not be
“A cottage.  Nothing too large or obnoxious—three bedrooms, two baths, a decent back garden—“
“That’s the point, you wanker.  It’s—zippy. Meant to be fun,” He smirks, elbows me lightly.  “When’s the last time you’ve let yourself have fun?” Not sure.  Can’t recall. I glare at him. “Anyway, it’s a Triumph,” He says, getting to his feet.  Raising an eyebrow at my blank stare, he continues. “It’s
and to holler his eagerness and earnestness and the sweeping warmth he feels at this very moment and the immense, overwhelming sense of possibility and
Maybe if they were a decade (or two) younger.  But god, if he’d met Sherlock in his twenties he wouldn’t have had a clue what to do with him.
“He hasn’t said,” He shrugs.  “Just says that they’ve not found much else on Mary.  Or whatever her name was. But they’ve got details on the type of weapon used and where the gunman was located and all that rubbish that I frankly do not give a toss about.”  He’s frustrated. Exhausted. “Sherlock, are you planning on looking into this? Are you going to help with the investigation?”
Is what I want him to know.
“All right?” He whispers, letting go of long fingers to run both palms soothingly down the man’s ribcage, his waist, settling gently on his hips.  John can see that he’s nervous—that perhaps now that this is really happening it all feels like a bit much for his brilliant brain to process.  If he’s honest with himself, he feels similarly overwhelmed.
“No,”  He shakes his head, laughs again.  “I don’t deserve this, you know?”  Harry scowls, opens her mouth to disagree but John keeps on.  “I’m not—looking for sympathy or—I’m just—I don’t deserve him.  It’s—I’ve accepted it, now.  I just—recognize how lucky I am.  That he’s chosen me for reasons I will never understand.  It works, somehow, despite everything,”  He looks up, meets her eye, shrugs.  “I never dreamt that I could have this, yeah?  I’ll spend the rest of my life trying to show him how loved he is.”
“How about husband?” John interrupts, a wave of calm certainty washing over him, his world narrowing down to this very point in space in time.  A crossroads.  An open doorway.  An opportunity for progress, for honesty.  He feels Sherlock go predictably still, large hands landing lightly on John’s hips and heart thudding against his chest.  He keeps his face hidden away in the curve of John’s neck, apparently waiting for more information—perhaps not quite trusting his own ears.  “How about,” John repeats, dragging his hands slowly up Sherlock’s back.  “You call me your husband?”
He’s moving out, then?  Clearly this has been in the works for quite some time if he’s already bought the bloody place.  John feels suddenly on the verge of tears—emotions at war—betrayal, anger, grief.  Sherlock had said last night that he was
Hadn’t taken much convincing, really, this time around.  At some point in the two years since he’d started the blog, writing has become second nature for him.  It’s something he can
will suffice.
“I love you—”  John says softly.  “—insufferable personality aside,” He grins down at Sherlock, tugging lightly on his hair.  Teasing.
I am not a writer.  This is the first thing I've written since high school, and it means a ton to have your feedback.
Continuing the pressure at the base of his skull, John moves his thumb in slow circles against Sherlock’s temple, gradually increasing the pressure there as well.  His left hand has now abandoned all sense of self-preservation, fingers combing gently through sweat-damp curls, nails scraping lightly against his scalp.  Sherlock hasn't moved an inch, lying stock-still under John’s ministrations, breath still shallow and eyes still shut.  But the tension seems to be slowly seeping from his body.  At least a bit.  John can feel it as Sherlock adjusts to these unfamiliar touches, as he allows himself to accept what John has to give.
And with that obnoxiously romantic ideation, I give John a swift kiss on the temple and drag him out through the door to greet the day.
hasn’t worked on him in nearly a decade.  He’d continued to accompany me on cases, of course—and we have had many close calls—but he’s grown more cautious than he was in the early years.  His fatherly side has overridden the soldier, a bit. He has someone to stay alive for, now.
“Thank you,”  He rasps.  “I’ve got to—ah, Merry Christmas,” He adds with a nod, then ducks through the door into the solitude of night.
“It’s fine,”  It is. I don’t plan on hiding my past from him.  “I haven’t,” I’d have told him sooner, had he asked.  “And you’re right—I had no interest in any of it before you.  I only want you,” Well, it’s out there now. John doesn’t look up—remains quiet for quite a long time, his fingers pulling gently through my curls.
“And now?”  John looks up, then away again.  Always looking away.
He picks up a black jumper, folds it and adds it to the stack.  They’d spent the morning filling out paperwork and making tedious phone calls.  John has contacted her landlady and paid the rent three months out—though Harry doesn’t bloody know it and he won’t be telling her until she figures it out.  Her boss at the cafe she’s been working at part time has agreed to allow her to return once she’s back.  John had sat across from her at the kitchen table and listened in on that conversation.  Harry had been putting it off all week, but the bloke was understanding.  He seemed to genuinely like her despite her (surely) lacking work ethic and was glad to hear she was seeking help.
“Upset that my favourite person wanted to whisk me away to the sea?”  He smiles and Sherlock’s heart begins to soar.  “It’s lovely here, Sherlock.  I’m grateful for it.  Been a bit—”  He exhales loudly, searching for the word.  “Lost.”
“I’ve ordered a slide,”  John only half registers this rather odd statement as he follows Rosie up the staircase, keeping an eye on her for any signs of struggle on the ancient cast iron steps.
Long fingers on the small of my back, the soft sounds of steady breathing.  Watching me? Probably. Observing, deducing. I wonder what he sees. I’ve always wondered what he sees in me.
“Good,”  She looks like she means it.  Seems relieved, even.  “That’s—glad to hear it, John.  You look all right, you know,”  She grins now, pouring him a pint and then setting a glass of water down beside it.  “I think I’ve accepted the beard,”  She eyes his face, nods to herself.  “Suits you,”  Then she disappears down the bar and into the back room.
“Yes, all right,” I say.  Mrs. Hudson surely already knows, and the only others we speak to with regularity are Molly and Lestrade.  I’m sure John is thinking of telling Harry. She’s drifted in and out of his life over the past few years. They’re on good terms, for the most part, though she’s still plagued with her demons.  I’ve only been in her presence a handful of times. We get on all right, but she has been clear that she does not appreciate what I’d done to John when I jumped. She doesn’t seem to have much trust in me, so I’m a bit wary of how she’ll receive our news.  Mycroft certainly already knows that John and Rosie have moved back in and drawn his own conclusions, though he hasn’t sent any snarky texts about it. And I’ll tell my parents eventually. The thought is a bit overwhelming—my mother will no doubt be over the bloody moon about it.
“Just John is fine,” He says flatly, sounding a bit put off.  Hadn’t they spent hours together just last night—Hal treating him as if they were old friends?  And now
“You are, actually.  It was doomed from the start.  I was only with her because I thought Sherlock was dead for two years—did you come across that in your research?” A good save, but certainly not the truth.  He married her because he loved her. His voice is calm, but his grip on my hand tells another story. He needs this conversation to end.
everything had been installed and the chaos and power tools had vacated the cottage, thank you very much.  She had been visibly impressed and coolly complimentary as she wandered around the house, taking it all in—but hadn’t asked a single question about the absolutely ridiculous (but surprisingly beautiful) custom copper slide wrapped around their spiral staircase, which should have been John’s next clue that this was coming.  Molly is rarely so reticent these days.  He sighs, following her outside, sharing a knowing look with Sherlock as he walks past their still-giggling forms.
“Better?”
I think, as I look steadily back at him.  He understands why I’m constantly surprised by the situations I find myself in now.  We grew up feeling certain that this sort of thing was not for us. That we could never have this.  And we never did. When John first entered my life and wrapped his roots around my heart, Mycroft could hardly believe it—and neither of us could have ever guessed it would evolve into this.  I wish that he could have found someone who really sees him. I wonder if he’s ever come close. Perhaps it’s not too late.
“Go on, then,”  He says, brows pinched with curiosity.  John clears his throat.
Everything is quiet for a moment.  Too quiet.  Much too bloody quiet.  Eventually, John’s hand disappears from his neck—instantly leaving him feeling cold, regretful, strange.  Sherlock wants to pull away, now, to flee, escape the onslaught of rejection that’s sure to come.  Before he can force his limbs to do so, however, John’s palm lands warmly against his cheek instead, the pad of his thumb tracing the sensitive skin beneath one of Sherlock’s tightly closed eyes.
“I need to—can you get Rosie?  I’ll meet you back at the flat,”  John stands abruptly and begins to walk away, suddenly needing to be anywhere but here, when Sherlock grabs his arm.
He’s—
Well.  It hadn't really, had it?  Even the last few Christmases back at Baker Street have been entirely understated.  They’ve never exchanged gifts, the two of them.  Never set up a tree.  They’d essentially ignored the looming holiday entirely until Christmas morning arrived, watching Rosie unwrap a few presents and doing little else to mark the occasion.  And the years before that—well.  Christmas has never been a particularly happy occasion for them at all.  “I’ve never been much for holiday traditions, but I’m, ah, beginning to see the appeal,”  John mutters.  Sherlock smiles, eyes still closed.
“John, some people learn to be quite adept at hiding who they really are,” I should know. “No one was going to see anything she didn’t want them to.  Not even you.”
disagree.  Your brother has been there and he won’t say a word, other than warning us to stay away,”  I suppose he’s right. More than a bit annoying that he’s texting
I turn to Lestrade in time to see him drop any ideas he may have had about theorizing the nature of our relationship.  “We--ah--they’re ready for you. If you’d like to go in now.”
my area, in fact.  John just smiles, eyes returning to the telly.
“I’m calling your brother,”  He says.
I glance around as we pay the fee to the village, wondering what in God’s name I’ve gotten myself into.  People roam around in medieval dress, pushing carts, selling wares, shouting to each other from one dwelling to the next—no doubt from a script they repeat every day.
“Sherlock--” A very long pause.  Smoothes his jacket, glances around the room.  “We should--talk.” Odd.
Before this.  Before John.  Sherlock had only rejected such notions because he’d thought that he could never have them.  What other landmark moments has he convinced himself were not worthwhile before he’d given himself a chance to consider them?  “That was then,”  He mutters.  John smiles, kisses Sherlock’s temple—tugs gently on his curls until he leans back, meeting his lips in a slow caress.
“I thought you’d be pleased,”  He says simply.  “It seemed the most logical solution, so I went ahead and set it in motion.  I don’t understand why you’re upset, John.  Money obviously isn’t an issue.  And now that Mrs. Hudson—”  He abruptly falls silent, gaze drifting away from John, toward the teapot she’d insisted they keep when she’s gone.  They’ve never really talked about it, about her.  Sherlock certainly hasn’t dealt with it—at least not in a way John has been able to see.  They had known it was coming.  She’d been ill for ages, and she was not shy about discussing it.  But it hadn’t made it any easier to lose her.  John watches as Sherlock swallows, bows his head for a single moment and then meets John’s eyes again.  “There’s no reason to stay here.”
“Molly—”  John hugs her again, kisses her cheek.  “I’m—”
Sherlock mutters to himself, reading whatever details—John hadn’t bothered to read through them—the certificate contains.  Mycroft had done most of the dirty work on this one.  It was a bit of a process, even for the British Government himself.
“Sorry?”  They all laugh.  I look to John, who’s turned a sickly shade of white.  He’s as uncomfortable as I am. Good. This entire nightmare is his doing.
I’m in the kitchen when Molly arrives.  John gets the door. I hear them exchange pleasant greetings—one voice I don’t recognize—clearly the fiancé.  I finish pouring the wine and seltzer that I was fetching for Lestrade and Harry, respectively, when John strides in looking amused.
His bow vibrates against taut strings as Sherlock sways, just barely, his eyes never once leaving John’s.  The despair present on his face underlines the music with wholly harrowing emotion as John stands frozen, transfixed, watching.  Listening.
“Hi, Papa,” Rosie says, looking up briefly to beam at him.  She’s managed to eat half the omelet without disrupting her persistent scribbling.  I grab the toast and set the plate on the table, prepare a coffee for John.
A long moment passes, she looks from me to John and back again.  Then her brow unfurrows and she shakes her head once. “This is about Linda, isn’t it?  Have they found her at last?”
No, it was the seventh man who gave us our lead.  The dead one.
“Not always,”  Another whisper.  John thinks of all the times he gave Sherlock precisely the opposite of what he’d needed.  He thinks of harsh words and thrown fists.  Abandonment and blame.
So when Sherlock kissed him, shocking him into a stuttering silence, his resolve had simply crumbled.
I take a deep breath.  “After Moran, I—” This is the part he really needs to hear.  The part I’m dreading the most. “I was sent to Serbia. There is an—organization—there.  A group of men that MI6 has had their eye on for quite some time. I was sent to gather information on these men, and I—after just a few days, I—was captured,” He’s listening intently, dread written all over his face.  I don’t want him to hear this. I don’t want to hurt him any more than I already have tonight. “John—”
“Another one?”  John asks, yawning as he shuffles into the kitchen—wet hair and fresh clothes.  God, he’s lovely in his California attire. Tight t-shirts and fitted jeans. If I weren’t in such a strop, I could properly appreciate it.  He squeezes my arm, then flings open the refrigerator, rummaging for something resembling breakfast. “Inviting you to his flat again?” His tone is casual—a bit
“Unending affection—”
They both groan, John panting against his cheek as they adjust to this new position.  John shifts his hips experimentally and nearly passes out from the overwhelming swell of arousal that floods through him.  Every nerve in his body is searing—every ounce of adoration he feels for the man beneath him pouring out through frantic kisses and frenzied touch.  Knowing full well that this won’t last much longer, he tucks his face into the curve of Sherlock’s neck and begins a steady thrust.
“Of course,”  She takes a seat at the table beside him, placing a hand over his fidgeting fingers and waiting for him to begin.
“As long as I’ve known you, you’ve shown almost no interest in anything like this.  Have—” He cuts himself off. Brings his hand up to brush lightly through my curls.  “You don’t have to answer—but—have you ever been with anyone? The way you respond to—to touch—”  He sighs. “I’m sorry,” Drops his forehead to my sternum.
“I don’t know how to do this,”  His voice is equal parts shaky and resolute.  Mussed curls frame his face, sharp features illuminated by the final fiery rays of the disappearing sun.  John’s heart aches at the uncertainty in his words, at war with his obstinate desire to move forward—to break down the final barrier that stands between them.
*.ﾟ･｡:*:．ﾟ・
“Don’t look at me like that,”  John drops down on the couch, glancing up at my scowl.  “You know that he and I speak,” I do know. They’ve had their little code words for my many moods since the very start of our acquaintanceship.  It began because they believed I’d spiral out of control and turn back to the drugs. But that hasn’t happened in a long time, now. “I went to see him before I told you I was coming with you.  I wanted to know how much trouble you were getting yourself into. I would have come either way,” He holds out his hand, pulling me down next to him when I take it. “I knew the moment I’d said
It’s incredible, this—such a simple action, one that John has performed many times with many people.  Occasionally memorable, usually enjoyable, but never
He’s a grown man and it’s been
he thinks for the thousandth time as he winds his way down the aisle toward the exit.
“No need for that, John.  We were happy to see you.  Always are.  How’s Mrs. H, then?”
We order Thai and have it delivered, eating wrapped up in our dressing gowns, cross-legged on the floor by the fire.
Sherlock suddenly stills, scrambling to prop himself up on one elbow, tugging desperately at John’s hair, then his shoulder, pulling him up and away.  When John draws back his hand, Sherlock pushes him down quickly, immediately crawling on top of him, eyes fierce, dark and wild—determined and sure—bony knees firmly bracketing John's hips.  John watches wide-eyed as he leans to the side, returning with their bottle of lube and staring down at John with transparent purpose.
“What do you mean until recently?”  She narrows her eyes.  “I’d have guessed he was ace as well, actually, considering his clear disinterest in all of humanity beyond serial killers and corpses.  But then I saw the two of you interact, and, well—”
He’s thinking exactly that when John Watson, of all people, bursts into his office, slamming the door so hard behind him that the walls shake and Greg recoils, half expecting a blow.
Sherlock sighs, allowing the flood of affection to wash through him.  He won’t be waiting patiently for John to wake.
It’s not ideal.  It’s not how he’d imagined things unraveling between them once the dust had settled and John had moved back to Baker Street.  He’d thought they would talk.  He’d thought
“It’s always about him,”  John interrupts, shifting on the couch to lean forward, hands on his knees.
John is watching him softly, his features illuminated by a halo of bright, fiery light.  His silver hair glows and his dark eyes beckon like the farthest reaches of the sea in this final hour of daylight.  He is breathtaking like this, so open and free.
“Do you think that’s likely?”  The very question that I asked John, when Mary thought he’d leave her to resume a life with me.  And it
—of what he knows is possible for their future—what he wants desperately and is more than ready for.  Heart rate kicking up a notch, he allows a grin to spread slowly across his face.  “What’s brought this on, then?”
He gives me a long look and then nods once.  Umbrella in hand, he walks out the door.
“What do we do in the meantime?” John watches them fly past, with interest.
“Unnecessary.  I believe her little outburst tonight was meant to be a thank you, of sorts,”  Sherlock glances sideways, eyes searching.  "Or perhaps retaliation."
She left it to us.”
“Yes well, we just had escargots on Thursday, actually, so pizza it is,” John’s amusement is written all over his face as he pours Lestrade a glass of wine.  “Glad you could make it. How was work?”
Everything between them is familiar, but amplified, intensified.
“I hadn’t really expected you to be able to drop everything and come along—it was—”
“You’re coming to the pub with me later, yeah?”  Lestrade had invited John--and I suppose, by extension, myself--to meet him at the pub tonight for
fridge with body parts, leave mould cultures out on the worktop for years on end—and they can easily keep Rosie from ever setting foot inside.  He’s given John some peace of mind.
“Yes, John?” I tighten my arms around him.
With a sigh, I lie down on the edge of the bed, opposite John, pulling the duvet up over my head.  He won’t mind. He’s aware that I catch an hour or two of rest every now and then when my mind skitters to a halt.  I’ll likely rise before him anyway. Listening to his steady breathing on the other side of the bed, my eyelids grow heavy, and I let myself drift into sleep.
Thank you guys so much for reading/commenting/being so nice and lovely and wonderful all the time.  Here's a
John is asleep.  He’d held on to me tightly for quite a long time before I felt his grip slacken, his breathing deepen.  At some point I had stopped fighting the waves of tears and just let them flow, soaking his t-shirt where my cheek had come to rest.  Now I lie curled up against him where he’s settled on his back—one arm still wrapped around me—my hand resting tentatively on his abdomen.
The letter itself has been folded in thirds, with a crease down the middle where the envelope was bent, forming six even rectangles filled to the brim with tiny, barely legible scrawl.  John flattens the paper against his thigh as best he can, taking a deep breath and readying himself for whatever it is that Sherlock has to say.
Dr. Joel Fleischman and the (fictional) town of Cicely, Alaska are from Northern Exposure--my absolute favorite television show in existence.  The characters in NoEx are as real to me as these two men are, so I figured I'd bring one of them to London to help Sherlock figure out his shit.  ♡
I wake gradually to the sensation of fingertips tracing the lines of my collarbone.  A gentle touch, a soft, comforting pressure. Morning light shines through my closed eyelids.  The scents of sex, of sweat, of
<3  Hope you're all doing okay out there.  <3
He knows a dead end when he sees one, just as he knows there are things that Sherlock has been holding back.  He can feel them trying to escape into the silence that so often surrounds them.  He can see them when their eyes meet and hold for just a beat too long.  He—
“Mm, yes, I’d say so,”  Molly hasn’t stopped smirking.  She plops down on the adjacent sofa and watches them for a moment.  She lifts her mobile again.  Sherlock winces.  “Oh just—come on, won’t you—”  She pleads.  John elbows him, shifts Rosie until she’s sitting between them.
, but clearly they think I’m above such enticements now.  Or I could shrug and watch him squirm. “Sherlock!”
“Seriously?”
Sherlock kisses him.
been good.  I haven’t had a single panic episode since the Jones debacle, and my nightmares are becoming less frequent—though I do still wake John up with one at least once a week.  I credit Joel with much of my progress. In just five sessions, he’s begun to shift my perspective on what’s happened to me, as well as give me a modicum of confidence back.  I’m well aware that I’ve a long way to go, but it feels as though the foundation has been laid. Everything else has been John. He’s been an incredible source of support—often foreseeing my concerns and cutting them off with reassurances before I can get lost in my head.  He’s continued to be everything I could possibly want in a partner, and I continue to wait for the day he sees that he’s too good for me.
“Fantastic.  John?” We head off after Lestrade to the interview room.  I have been considering our options as far as interrogation strategies go, and have decided on a direct approach.  If he’s the man who murdered Mary, and I’m almost certain that he is, our best chance at getting him to speak is, well, John.
I stare back at him, seeing only tension and dread.  He’s nervous, I suppose. No doubt recalling the last time we were face to face.  I sigh.
you—let you think he was—I don’t understand what’s in it for you if he won’t even—”
