Castiel drew in a deep breath and squeezed the trigger gently. The bullet shot out, and the blowback pushed his back into Dean’s chest. Cas stared at the backboard and smiled at the sight of his bullet hole.
“I don’t care, Dean,” The words came out in a low groan of frustration, only caught by Dean because he was probably listening to the angel too hard. “I’m
“Put it on speaker,” He murmured. Mick went to speak, but Dean gestured for him to be quiet. Cas started dialing and pressed the button for loud-speaker.
an abomination. You never were. When I spoke those words, I was drunk, and only echoing what Heaven had told me. I never truly believed them. I hope you see that, in time, you don’t need to believe those either. Sam, you were severely mistreated by so many throughout your life,” He rested his hand on the man’s shoulder. “You have never been given free agency over your body, not once in your life, until you
“Of course I do,” Sam spoke ferociously, and Cas came around with Emma, both tilting their heads curiously as Sam watched Dean gazing at her. “God, she looks so much like you, Dean,”
‘When you were that all-powerful god, I wanted you to
Really, though, Dean should’ve known better. He was kidding himself if he thought Sam wouldn’t catch on. It had only been a few days, but Sam wasn’t an idiot. He caught the strange looks shared between Dean and Cas. He noticed how timid Cas seemed to be around Dean, which wasn’t normal. Sam was prepared for a full-blown breakdown from Dean about what he’d done as a demon, but it never came. There were moments of solemn looks and a high increase in alcohol consumption, but really, that’s no different from when he got the Mark.
for me, Dean. You deserve this, I know you do. You’ve been working so hard to achieve so much, and I am so
,” Benny chuckled as Dean barreled into the softness of the bed. Benny gave Cas a raised eyebrow. “I take it that means you’ll be the one controlling the remotes, then?” Cas smiled before gesturing for Benny to make himself comfortable. Dean burrowed himself under the softness of the blanket, rolling his neck back into the large pillow. A loud resounding
couldn’t love
“Thank you,” He shook his hair out of his eyes. “I plan to combine those two things, by the way. I wanna use magic to help people, maybe heal, offer protection. Claire and Kaia want to keep on hunting, even though it’s only monster-of-the-week type stuff, I just wanna keep them as safe as possible,”
“So, Cas helped fix up this place?” Dean took another slow drag of his drink.
“Dean, he probably has owners,” Sam sounded as tired as Dean felt. The older hunter glanced around and didn’t find anyone running to claim the dog.
The low glow of the room swayed beyond Cas’ eyes, and the lethargy rushed in instantly. Cas crumbled into Dean’s chest. The hunter panted out a breathless laugh.
, Cas thought. But Dean just gently tapped the inside of Cas’ wrists. Even that small bit of contact sent sparks whistling through his veins. He needed
“Like the ‘Shall I compare thee’ one?” Dean smiled, and Cas nodded. Sam chuckled. “Yes, Sam?”
“So did I.” He mumbled. Quiet followed his words, and the door shut soundly. Castiel was alone.
“You deserve that too, you know,” The angel muttered as Sam was eyeing Dean’s small collection of books. He thought he didn’t hear him properly, so he turned to face Cas with a questioning look. “Happiness,” Cas shrugged slightly, hands bunching the sleeves of the jacket into his arms.
, just wanted to give you a heads up. Your dumbass brother and our dumbass angel are fine, and the dumbass Brit is elated over being touched by an angel,” Claire snickered, and there was a chorus of complaints from Dean, Mick, and Sam. “Ooh wow, tough crowd, tough crowd,”
For there, nestled under a bushel of pink zinnia flowers and wrapped up in a soft yellow blanket, was a child, no more than six months old. The black-haired baby was clothed with a pretty white and blue floral dress, and Dean peered down as curious green eyes stared back at him.
The whole family stood waiting in the entrance hall, Dean at the centre with Sam and Mary flanking him. A short distance from the Royals stood the rest of the family― Castiel, Gabriel, Bobby directly behind their charges against the wall, Arthur and Charlie standing to the side near the door leading to the dining room. As the door swung open, Dean felt his shoulders stiffen. He had no idea why he was so nervous to begin with. It was
the man’s eyes were, offset by his grey suit and navy tie. Benny offered his arm out for Dean, who happily took it and the family walked into the dining room, with Bobby, Gabriel and Cas stationing themselves near the doors. Arthur and Charlie disappeared, probably to Mary’s office to keep out of the way. Benny gave the bodyguards a curious glance as the family took their seats at the table. “Do your guards always eat separately, or has there been an occasion to invite them to the table?” Benny seemed genuinely interested, which made Dean happy. He wanted to know more about Dean’s home life, and that mattered to him.
“Dean,” Cas hesitated.
“’S nice,” He murmured, before moving closer to the source of the warmth. He tightened his arms around them and nuzzled his face into the bare skin of a chest. A very
“Burn them?” Cas shrugged.
“A year?” Charlie laughed. “Try three! I tried to coax Dean’s feelings out of him, but he kept ignoring what was right in front of him!” She sighed exasperatedly.
angels in the universe, was in love with little old me. I still clung to every negative thing you said I saw myself as. But slowly, it...those walls I firmly hid behind were cracking and breaking. As soon as Jack absorbed Chuck’s power, and free will was finally,
be the emotional support character in Dean’s life anymore. After going through many romantic hardships, including one very dicey friends-with-benefits situation with his ex-co-worker, Crowley, Castiel had finally figured out how he wanted to be seen by his future romantic partners. He no longer wanted to remain back in the shadows, disregarded as meek and polite. He no longer wanted to be purely the boy you took home to impress the parents with during the Christmas season. He no longer wanted false promises and warm bedsheets left empty come morning light.
“My Lord, isn’t the docks behind the manor?” Dean quirked up an eyebrow as they made their way through the front doors. Benny waggled his eyebrows playfully but said nothing.
“Castiel, what did you do?” Dean tried to hide his laugh in his coffee.
“That’s an understatement,” He mumbled into Dean’s chest, shaking with Dean as he held back his laughter.
“Geez,
“I’m here, Dean. I’ll always be here for you,” Cas returned the hug, rubbing one hand soothingly on the hunter’s back as he ran his other hand through Dean’s hair. The affection was almost too much, and Dean couldn’t help the hitch in his throat as a small whine escaped. He pulled back to see Cas’ face shining with tears as well.
“And just like her daddy, too,” He used his other hand to gently poke the angel’s shoulder. It earned him a sly side-eye and another patented Cas laugh. “Are we almost home?”
rooftop, Cas reminded himself. Pretty soon, this house would be completely emptied of all traces of Castiel. Taking Cas up to the rooftop to kick him out was cruel, but then again, he probably deserves it. Yelling to his face that he was in love with him, and then in the same breath telling the man he was tired of being just his friend must’ve stung him, regardless of how he feels in the matter. Cas would like to think he knows Dean pretty well.
“There are a lot of things that can be construed as ‘up’. The Bunker, for example,”
room, of all the rooms in the Bunker. The angel feels a certain aspect of guilt over his goodbye, and this was his way of fixing it. Of fixing him. He was always so good at that.
“What happened?” He frowned, gesturing for Dean to come inside. As soon as Dean entered, Cas turned the lock on the front door and switched off the porch light. He silently pointed Dean towards his kitchen, where he knew he kept a first aid kit under the sink. Dean glanced around nervously through the house, but he still settled down against the kitchen counter and let Cas fuss over his lip without much complaint. There was a quiet contemplation in his eyes, and Cas didn’t push the man for an answer to his question. He knew he’d get something eventually. As Cas pressed the sealant into Dean’s lip, Dean’s eyes finally met his.
“It’s no sweat. Still doesn’t limit you at all. Just gotta find you a guy. Technically, if you wanted to, you wouldn’t even need anybody else. You’d crush the ‘single parent’ role, no dramas at all. Plus, I love kids. Always happy to help out if you ever needed it,”
“You’re insufferable.”
“Fine, Novak. If that’s what you think, then we should watch one of your movies then one of Benny’s, and we’ll see if I’m not awake to hear the triumphant sounds of John Williams’ best score to date,”
“What do you mean ‘things like this’?” Dean leaned forwards. Mary squinted.
“No, you don’t. Besides, I am ‘dead to you’, remember? I left, and you didn’t stop me.” He used the quotation gestures and all, leaving a gaping puncture in Dean’s chest as he stomped towards the cave’s entrance. The anger and pain in Dean’s chest rumbled and stirred. Benny stared bewildered at the angel, only pulled his gaze away when Cas turned back impatiently.
“If you’d like, I can give you my personal email address, and you can reach out to me at any time as well. Please bear in mind, I am not a trained professional in the ways of counselling, but if you need someone to talk to without fear of judgement,” He scrawled on the back of the card. “You can count on me, Dean. No matter the issue, I am happy to listen to you. Even if you just want to discuss your reasoning behind why you believe Dracula was madly in love with Johnathon Harkness,” That earned him a wobbly chuckle.
. Come on, man,” Dean shook his head. Cas stared blankly. “I’m going to use this lockdown time to educate you further in all things pop culture. Dear Lord. But come on, spill. How’d you get the cushy set-up?”
“What? It might be wise for me to know what we’ll be walking into; don’t you think?”
“Far be it from me to tell the great Dean Winchester what to do, Your Highness,” Cas’ eyes were jovial, however, as he continued. “But I wouldn’t hesitate to suggest perhaps being a little bit kinder to Queen Mary. She does love you dearly, despite your belief she is only focused on the kingdom,”
“Good morning, sir,” Castiel gave him a cordial smile from his bedroom door. Dean made a non-committal noise, blearily rubbing his eyes. “I organised for your breakfast to be sent to your room today, so we can go over your expectations from me for tonight,”
“Love potion of sorts, something to do with oxytocin, apparently meant to only be appeased when the victim indulges in their deepest, darkest desires with someone they’re attached to,” Sam sounded like he was speaking underwater to Dean. All Dean could properly hear, see, feel, was Castiel.
********
“And?”
‘How lovely, you’ve turned our angel into your chew toy,’
“I think you can, Dean. I think you want to be good for me, don’t you?” His voice curled around Dean’s heart like smoke, beckoning him to give in, to inhale everything
, and it’s like you’re still haunted by his ghost. He’s
The crowd parted slowly for the prince, and Dean pulled Benny in nice and close just as the next song started to play. It was a simple waltz, which was good. Dean had practice with this earlier today, with Cas. He slipped his hand gently into Benny’s large hands and remembered how lithe Cas’ fingers felt in comparison. Benny swooped his arm around Dean’s waist with an air of hesitance. There was a slight unfamiliarity there, not like Cas. His bodyguard had rested his hand on the small of Dean’s back like it belonged there, and Dean supposes in a way, it was true. So many occasions had required him to keep Dean within an arm’s length or closer, and he always took it literally. Dean smiled as Benny led their steps. He was more confident than Cas was, but what Castiel lacked in experience, he had made up for in the understanding of Dean’s body. As it turns out, watching someone for years leads you to know how they move in any given circumstance. Shocking.
“You,” Dean licked his lips. “You made a deal?”
“No I wouldn’t,” Cas spoke firmly, and Sam grinned triumphantly. Dean gave Cas a look of betrayal, and his bodyguard frowned. “Your Highness, please sit down. You look horrible,”
“Please,” Cas came over to the bed with three beers in hand, passing one to Benny and one to Dean. “Every time we do a massive movie marathon, you’re always out cold by the third movie, guaranteed,” Benny chuckled into his beer bottle, and Dean scoffed.
“Not at all,” Dean brought his lips closer to her ear, figuring subtlety was best. “I happen to know for a fact, Miss Bradbury is single and would possibly even be interested, if that’s an avenue you’d wish to explore. Of course, if discretion is something you desire, I said nothing at all,” Damn Cas to Hell for encouraging such a high level of language from him. His father practically beat propriety into him, but when he died, Dean tried to kick it all together. But no, in comes Castiel, with his proper tone and his habit of―politely, of course― correcting Dean when he stepped out of line. It was maddening most times, but Dean supposes, in this case, it worked out for the better. Given Cassie’s thankful smile, he’d spoken correctly.
The rest of the day passed relatively slowly. Cas had no classes on for the Monday, Dean had his Romanticism class with Bela. Cas didn’t hear back from Naomi at all, even during their Zoom meeting with the faculty. He tried not to let that worry him all that much. He did, however, receive a message from Balthazar in the early evening, as he was relaxing on his lounge room couch.
“And with that, your happiness is revealed,” A cold, cynical voice came from the shadows. “How touching.”
“So,” Dean turned to Castiel, who still held his professional stance. He smirked as he noticed Cas’ eyebrow twitch, the only sign he was close to breaking composure. “That went better than expected,”
“Careful, sir,”
“I never thought I could love you more, but every day you seem to prove me wrong,” He whispered into the quiet air of Dean’s bedroom. “I guess I’ll just have to resign to loving you more with every rise and set of the sun,”
, is that correct?” Cas stayed silent, blinking at Benny in shock. Dean cleared his throat.
*********
“I...” Dean’s voice crumbled, and he fiddled with the strap of his bag slung around his shoulder. “I was wondering if you knew the best place to contact if, ah, umm...” Castiel couldn’t bear to see the usually confident man look so fragile. He opened up his desk drawer and pulled out the business card for the school counsellor.
“’Course she does,” Dean muttered as he pulled Emma back into his arms. “She’s my girl, isn’t that right, honey?” He cooed, pressing a collection of kisses onto her soft little head.
As soon as Dean’s words registered with Cas, the angel caught wind of Sam praying to him.
“Well,” Sam huffed. “You learn quick, young grasshopper,”
“Believe me, you may be family to Dean but you’re not his brother, you’re mine, in a roundabout kind of way,”
Carry On, he does, but not repetitively. Come on.
starting to get sick of hearing his title thrown back in his face.
would be all about marking you as his since he
The second time it happened at midnight, and Cas put the book down to stare quizzically at Dean, who kept his gaze firmly on their sleeping child, counting her little breaths to assure himself she was safe.
‘You’re so hot when you take control of me, sweetheart,’ Dean smirked, and Cas glared.
. There’s no way there are any threats here.
“He thinks he runs the whole business when really, we’re co-workers at best. I’m of a different department entirely, on the same level as him. He just likes to think of me as his protégé because he took me under his wing when I first arrived here a few years ago. But you’re shifting the subject,” Cas raised an eyebrow as they stepped into the half-packed-up office, lit up only by the desk lamp. Dean noticed a decanter of whiskey sitting on a side table. A soft wind swept through the room from the balcony door behind the empty desk. “Tell me what you want, Dean,” Castiel dropped his voice lower, and the younger man couldn’t help making a loud gulping noise as he turned to look back at the mildly-disheveled man.
All it took was
, don’t you trust me?” Benny made his way to the wines and gestured to the bottle. Dean peered at the label. It was a strawberry wine, something Dean hadn’t ever tried before but was curious. He nodded politely, and Benny poured a generous glass for him.
“What about you, man? You got the Salvage Yard back?” Dean smiled, but he faltered at the curious glance Bobby shot him. He continued to stare, not muttering anything back. Alarm bells started ringing loudly in his head.
‘Okay,’ Cas hadn’t realised he had spoken until Dean pulled back with a small smile. He let go of Cas, fixing up the angel’s tie.
“Oh, that’s a good class,” Cas commented, as he filled up his blender with crushed ice from his fridge. The fridge was Castiel’s pride and joy in the kitchen. It was fitted with a mechanic that gives filtered cold water, crushed ice, and full ice cubes with just a press of a button. He pulled his bottle of lime juice out from the door of the fridge before bumping it shut with his hip. “I was almost going to teach that class as well, but Naomi told me I’m taking on enough as it is,” He turned around and made a tutting noise. “But that doesn’t excuse you from attending the class with a hangover,”
standing correctly to withhold the drawback from a shot, even from a gun this contained. Dean stared incredulously at him, darting his eyes towards the shut door, before sighing softly. He slowly made his way towards Cas, putting his hands on the ex-angel’s shoulder.
“I’m sorry,” He pulled Eileen in for a soft kiss. “But hey, breakfast is served and waiting, courtesy of my idiot brother and brother-in-law,” Dean made a loud choking noise, drawing everybody’s attention to him.
Dean opened his eyes to bright sunlight. He was laying down in a meadow. The hunter pulled himself up slowly, the world spinning as he straightened up. A heavy feeling flooded his chest, and he remembered. He remembered the fight against the vampire mimes, the rusty rebar, and the dying request he made Sam promise to honor. Dean smiled sadly, before tilting his head back to breathe in the fresh air.
Mary had organised for the dining hall to be done up for their dinner tonight, so when Dean wandered in a few moments before Benny was scheduled to arrive, he was impressed by the antique silverware being laid on the table. He tilted his head in question at his mother, who was observing the servants placing various decorations around the room.
“Dean?” The word came out softly. “Is this better?” There was a crack in his voice. Cas felt a warm breath against the back of his neck, and he heard Dean take in a deep breath. A tremor pressed itself into Cas’ arm as Dean lined his entire body up against Cas’.
to be fed obscene details about my sex life,” Cas dropped his gaze from Dean’s, because there was a very
‘Gee, Cas, if I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were
'Dean, what the hell are you doing, man?' Sam took a step in front of Cas, partially blocking him from Dean's view. 'This is your best friend.'
“Well, I can’t fault you for being so excited to meet me you shattered windows, I’m pretty great,” He let out a laugh, looking back at Emma. She still held firm to Dean’s finger, and it didn’t look like she wanted to let go any time soon. “We’re almost home, baby,” He tried to wiggle his finger out of her grip, but she was steadfast. “You’re not going to let me go until we get home, aren’t you?” He let out a laugh as she shook her head minutely. “God, you’re so stubborn,”
‘I take it you’re the one who’s going to kill me?’ The snark dripped like venom from his mouth, and Dean longed to sucker-punch him until his lips were bloody. Instead, he smirked.
“Shut up, Crowley,” The demon growled. “Lucifer is listening. He will find me, and he will save me,”
“Come to me, love.” The dial tone met Dean’s ear, and he tucked his phone into his jacket pocket before pulling his hotel door closed. The clock in the elevator on the way down to the lobby told Dean it was a few minutes after midnight, but since it was a Saturday night in New York City, life was only just beginning.
“He’s…adjusting,” Jack let go of Cas to listen intently to his words. “Eileen arrived at the Bunker today, and he’s better than ever before with her around. That’s why I felt…” The angel hesitated. “Ready, to let him be for a while,”
“I think I remember him telling me as much when I had created a beach dreamscape for him to prolong the nightmares of Hell one time,”
“So eager for me, aren’t you, boy?” He tilted Dean’s head up so the hunter’s burning green eyes met the angel’s blue ones. Castiel didn’t seem interested in a response, more enamored by the slight parting of Dean’s lips. He traced his thumb along the bottom lip, exhaling slowly through his nose. “You’re a vision. I’m going to prove that to you. By the end of the night, you’re going to understand just how beautiful you truly are, Winchester. Do you think you can handle that, boy?” Cas paused in the tracing of Dean’s lips, and the hunter understood the need for an answer. He couldn’t help the denial from creeping out of his lips.
Hope you're all doing well!
“Thank you,” Dean pressed his cheek into her warm hand. He felt her thumb run gently along the apple of his cheek. She caught a stray tear that snuck out from Dean’s eye.
“Well,” Rowena leaned against the open doorway, arms crossed. “Perhaps we should send the new parents a gift basket for their new bouncing bundle of joy,” She pressed her hand to her chest. “Dean’s probably terrified, being a new father and all,”
“No,” He sighed into the touch. “No, I’m not mad at you. I get it. I haven’t exactly been,” He shrugged. “You know,
But damn if it wasn’t working like a charm.
“Yeah, sorta,” Dean considered. He genuinely appreciated Sam’s advice...sometimes. But he just couldn’t come out and say it. Years of repressing his feelings made this more difficult than he thought. “Look, I...let’s just say,” He sat down across from Sam, staring down at his mug. If he pretended he wasn’t there, it might make it easier. “I know a guy that has...
I kill the motherfucker. How’s that sound?’ He gave Cas a playful grin. ‘The Mark needs satiating somehow unless you’re willing,’ He ran his fingers up Cas’ sternum, nails digging in.
“Just like it’s dangerous to know you like your eggs poached, on the runny side, with bacon and cooked tomatoes? Like it’s dangerous to know you have your coffee extra strong with a teaspoon of that fancy honey you buy from the farmer’s market? Like it’s dangerous to know you sleep in nothing but boxers
“Oh,” Mick glanced between Dean and Emma, before flicking his curious gaze towards Cas. “Nephilim?” Cas exhaled slowly before nodding. “Oh, wow. That’s incredible. But,” He looked back at Emma, taking another step towards her, and Dean. The hunter clenched his jaw, minutely shaking his head, but Mick paid him no mind, reaching out to touch Emma.
“Just as long as they’re at least a Lord or Lady, I don’t mind,” She smiled, and Dean pointedly ignored the quiet voice in the back of his mind. It was the same voice he heard in the middle of the night when nobody was around. That voice tells him he was crushing on his bodyguard. The bodyguard who is
‘No, I didn’t,’ Dean frowned, thinking back.
********
“I...uh...you,” He shut his eyes and took in a slow breath.
, at least. This is going to affect everyone, not just Heaven, not just Hell. Their daughter is going to bring about the pure destruction of the paradise of Heaven, the pain of Hell, and the purification of Purgatory.” A choking noise came from the demon, and Crowley swirled around as his prisoner died away.
“Hey, honey!” He beamed at her, reaching his arms out. Sam wandered towards the two men and handed Emma off to Dean, who immediately put her hand on Dean’s cheek.
“So, was that a yes?”
“Castiel’s still coming with us, so really, no harm, no foul,” He took in another deep breath of the sea air.
Sam Winchester knows a little about a lot of things, but he never knew anything about the sick weight of grief. Of course, he had grieved before. He had lost loved ones before. John. Jessica. Bobby. Charlie. Cas. Jack. Rowena. Eileen. Even Crowley’s death had cut deeper than he expected. Countless others slipping through the cracks of his grief. If Sam didn’t know better, he would believe he was made of nothing but grief, filled up to the brim with the pain from a thousand lifetimes of too much death and too much trauma.
“What does that mean?” Dean was already making his way towards the door into the house. Cas sighed before he clicked the button to close the garage door. Cas saw another box of things sitting in Dean’s car, so he pulled it out and followed Dean’s path towards his room. As he reached the door, Cas felt his phone go off in his pocket. He walked into Dean’s room, where Dean was sitting on the bed, staring at his phone. “Everything okay?”
“That’s not what he said, is it?” He huffed out a laugh, and Cas had the fortitude to look awkwardly at his shoes. “I bet he said something like ‘That boy needs to get laid, and I want my angel back, damnit’,” The spark of humor in Cas’ eyes as they shot back to Sam made him laugh out loud. “Go, Cas. Dean’s clearly missing you. But ah,” He reached back to rub the back of his neck, a gesture so familiar to Cas now, he felt his wings stretch out to attempt to shelter the man from whatever it is that’s causing him trouble.
“Like a baby, actually,” Dean chuckled. “Not sure if it’s because there’s nothing to worry about anymore, or because I had you by my side,” He dropped his gaze to Cas’ lips, a smile on his face.
“I know Amara thought she was doing something wonderful for you, for the both of us,” Cas corrected himself instantly, still running his thumb gently through Emma’s hair. “But she
“You should exercise some restraint,” There was a coy smile playing in the corners of the angel’s lips. Dean sometimes thinks only he notices the minute facial changes on Cas’ face. Probably because he spends so much time looking at the guy in question. Miracle let out an impatient bark, and Dean rolled his eyes before taking Cas’ hand to make their way towards the kitchen.
“What is she talking about, Cas? Why is Meg here?” Dean held his weapon up cautiously, even if his hunter instinct told him that figure in front of him was
“I’ll find that out for myself. Also wanna know who he thinks he is, hitting on my angel,” He grumbled.
even, he was finally at peace.
“Well, there’s been a few changes to Purgatory,” Benny gestured to the surrounding areas. “You boys really left a mark on this place, I’ll tell you that much,”
the novel, then he’d know what Castiel had gotten up to with Mick during that summer―
“Castiel,
Unsurprisingly, the demon was
you desire, and I
Castiel was greeted with bright sunshine and happy shouts when he set foot in Heaven. Jack had done well by Dean, given him and everybody else everything they could’ve wanted, and all Dean wanted was a small cottage by the sea. No guns, no fighting, no fear. The beach could’ve been in perpetual sunlight, but Dean didn’t want that. He wanted his experience to be as real as possible. He never had a true opportunity to just
“Are you alright, Dean?”
punched him so squarely in the chest, his sobs stopped abruptly. “I didn’t think it would be cheating if I took some of Dean’s clothes from Heaven as I came back to you. I hope that’s okay. Dean thought it was a good idea,” Sam wanted to respond, but he couldn’t find the words, so instead, he buried his face further into Cas’ shoulder. “You’re safe, Sam. I’ve got you. This is real. Whatever you were dreaming, it wasn’t real. You’re in the Bunker, in your bedroom, and Eileen left yesterday afternoon,”
sounded too informal, and
“Your Highness, please accept these orchids as part of my effort to further mend the problems I caused the other night. I’m sorry I spoke out of turn, and I am aware you are not the only one I need to apologise to,” Benny’s expression was solemn and Dean couldn’t help feeling his insides melt slightly as he turned to the side to address Castiel, sunflowers nursed delicately in the crook of his elbow. “Sir, please understand I never intended to disrespect you or your position with His Highness. I hope these flowers will begin to display the depth of my shame. I’m sorry, you deserve to be treated with the highest of praise for everything you’ve done for the prince, and I will do so from this moment forth,” Cas blinked owlishly at the flowers, before glancing towards Dean, who was heavily breathing in the scent of his bouquet. Dean smiled and gave Cas a small nod, so the bodyguard graciously accepted his sunflowers.
. The lethargy had punched him in the gut, and Castiel could tell.
“Such hard work,” Dean croaked out, earning him a throaty chuckle. “I...I love you too, Castiel.” He could see the happiness in his angel’s eyes as he nodded.
“Hold on,” Dean couldn’t shake the feeling something was incredibly
Kissing Cas, it turns out, could be akin to kissing the stars. Hot spikes of warmth pressed into Dean’s mouth, like sparks. He could taste lightning and the crisp, clean flavour of freshly-fallen snow. All around him, he could smell
“I’m merely asking, Dean, if it’s...proper, for a prince’s bodyguard to then become a king’s bodyguard. Shouldn’t there be more rigorous training involved? More protocols to cover?” Dean glanced heavenward, gritting his teeth. If he says
Hope you have happy holidays! Bring on 2021!
‘I. Am. The. King.’ He panted out, veins popping from his reddening face. The sight of his struggle soothed the heated anger in Dean’s chest.
“Think I should head back and watch Benny grovel and apologise?” The question was useless because they both knew the answer was
“Oh, so
“Fuck,” Dean whispered, as he glanced back at the text in his phone. People’s numbers had come and gone, text chains had been deleted, and his entire phone had been rebooted after a mishap with his brother spilling soda all over a Biggerson’s table, but the message remained. He can still hear the words falling from his friend’s lips, still feel him breathing praise into his skin, trying to carve the gratitude and love into his bones.
Right?
“Hey, you said it, brother.” They hung up, and Dean heaved a sigh, considering the preparation needed for the journey.
“You know what you have to do if you need me, Dean. I’m not going to make that easy on you, but I
into the victim’s psyche, pulling out their darkest desires, but the only way they can get release is if they partake in these desires with the one they have a strong romantic or lust attachment to, within twenty-four hours, of course,”
“Maybe later? If I accept a massage now, I don’t think I’ll stay awake through the first movie, let alone all of them,”
‘Yeah, yeah, you’re a regular Marlon Brando,’ Dean rolled his eyes. ‘Tell us what you know,’
been enough to push him over the edge. “Mine, mine, mine, you’re
more dangerous,” Dean’s heart kicked off into a gallop again.
There was something so
“Fuck off.”
“Wait, isn’t Alistair the guy you beat up?” Dean frowned as his bodyguard nodded solemnly. “What’s he doing sending me letters?”
stay. Even if Jack
“Dean speaking. Uh-huh. Hey Ellen, how are you? Nah, I’m not doing anything. What’s up?” Dean crawled off the couch and made his way towards his room, slamming the door shut. Cas crumbled as the echoes made their way into his heart. He knew he was falling too hard, too fast for this man, and it was going to cost him his friendship and his job. He needed to put that distance back up between them. It was better this way. It had to be, because at least this way, he gets to keep Dean in his life. Not in the way he wants, but he needs to keep Dean Winchester around to keep a handle on his sanity.
“Uh, sure, if you wanna, that’d be great,” He yawned. “G’night Cas.”
“Sure she does, but who truly understands teenagers these days anyway?” He laughed. “How are you? Claire said you got dinged up pretty good. Cas fixed you up alright?”
“I believe you. Sam, Dean, and I went there on a hunt once. I found myself almost
“Please, I beg of you, unless you
“What do you mean?” He still kept a smile on his face, but he straightened his back and raised his head to look down at Zachariah. The lord’s hand fell from Dean’s shoulder, and he fluttered it around in a dismissive move.
“Very much so. Some of his sonnets are a little dry for my taste, but some of them are quite thought-provoking,”
“Uh, Cas,” Dean flicked his tongue out, catching on the pad of the angel’s thumb. Cas made a noise like ‘tsk’ and removed his thumb. “What part of ‘make me yours’ did you not understand?”
Dean marched his way towards his bedroom, shutting the door and turning the lock for good measure. Now, even if Sam did send out a search party, he wasn’t going to have an easy time barging in on him and Cas.
“Terribly sorry, Mother. I promise it won’t happen again,” He scooped the last of his food into his mouth as the lie fell from his lips. Nobody in the room honestly believed him, but also, nobody jumped to correct him either. Mary just rolled her eyes, and Sam snorted softly. "Do we know how much we raised at the masquerade, by the way?”
The spasm in Cas’ heart at his name made his fingers twist inside Dean, hitting his prostate yet again.
“But Benny isn’t your first choice, is he? Just your first
“I,” The words could not come out of his mouth. How could he verbalize the fresh fears falling on his shoulders? This child,
“Yes,” The word was simple, direct, but gentle falling from Castiel’s lips. It echoed through the silent room like a sigh of relief. The puzzle piece clicked into place, and Sam felt his lips stretching in a small smile even as his eyes watered yet again.
Dean watched her eyes for a flicker of recognition, but nothing came up except for the same curious look he’d seen on his best friend for years.
,’ He glared. ‘I’m serious. The Mark did something, showed me exactly where she is as soon as I got a vague idea of where,’ He yawned. ‘But it took a lot out of me. You happy to take this room?' He didn't give his brother time to respond. 'Thanks, man, you’re the best,’ He gripped Cas’ trench-coat tightly and tugged him along out of the room. ‘Night, guys.’ He heard a weak response from Sam.
of March, and Cas had finally started to get a handle on online learning. The teachers were given a week to learn how to manoeuvre and utilise Zoom to their utmost ability since the number of cases wasn’t stalling. Just in case.
“Just,” Dean cleared his throat, emotion making a wreck of his vocal chords. A storm was coming down from his eyes, but the rain only flowed onto Cas’ hands like a river to the sea. “Just a friend?” At that, Castiel beamed, slowly bringing his lips to press into the corner of Dean’s mouth. The hunter trembled at the softness of it.
Castiel who told him he loved him before dying. Castiel who has behaved as though nothing changed between them when Jack brought him back. Castiel who has been happy to raise his no-longer-God child alongside the Winchester brothers without even a hint that his happiness revolved around admitting to Dean he was in love with him. Castiel who used to haunt Dean’s nightmares with his death. Castiel who...also haunted his more salacious daydreams too.
“Sure, we can figure that out on the drive back,” Dean gave Emma’s hand a gentle squeeze. “We’ve got a bit to discuss.” He gave the slightly dusty keys a shake.
“See ya, Jack.” Sam had tears pooling from his eyes, and he nodded with a smile.
―what he wrote. Or you could just...”
‘I’m fine, it’s nothing,’ Cas bristled, and Dean rolled his eyes.
“Dean,” His tone was neutral as if Dean was a nervous horse he didn’t want to spook. Which made sense. Dean wiped his palms on his jeans and took a deep breath but to no avail. His heartbeat reminded him of thunderstorms in Texas. “What type of supernatural creature are we talking about?” Dean couldn’t help the exasperated sigh.
, Dean, don’t you?” Cas exhaled slowly down Dean’s neck, sending a needy shiver through his body. “Tell me,” His fist tightened in Dean’s hair, and the hunter couldn’t stop the moan slipping his lips.
Roots of old trees snarled around Dean’s feet as he stopped on dew-wet leaves. The midday sky above wasn’t as dark as it had been recently, and that gave Dean a glimmer of hope. It reminded him of Castiel.
“Yeah, I
“He truly is getting better, Dean, but it’s not something he can just roll off his shoulders. You were not just his brother, you know that, right?” Dean didn’t say anything in response, his lips tightened into a thin line. “You were his brother, yes, but you raised him. He lost his entire family when you died. You were his mother, his father, his best friend, his guiding point. When you died, he lost a part of himself,”
“Cas?!” A joyous chorus of laughter trickled in from the corridor, and hasty footsteps raced towards the two of them. Sam rounded the corner and kept running until he skidded right into Cas’ open arms, wrapping his arms around the ex-angel. “Holy shit, thank Christ!” Cas held onto the taller man, eyes never leaving Dean’s. The hopeful look on his face had twisted and morphed into something close to hurt. “I’d been praying to Jack, begging for you to come back, and it worked! Holy shit,” Sam whispered, tightening his hold on the angel.
“Nearly, Dean. Why?”
“I only know of one,” Cas paused. “Wait, have you slept with students since last summer?”
, but you’re also a big fan of
“It was about Emma, wasn’t it?” Cas kept his voice gentle. Dean swallowed loudly, keeping his gaze on the beautiful child in the backseat. Emma turned her head to lock her eyes on Dean’s. As soon as she saw Dean, her face broke out into a bright grin, and she started speaking gentle gibberish, her hands glowing with happiness.
“Th―thankyou, Castiel,”
“There’s a difference between knowing everything up here,” He tapped the side of his head. “And actually putting it into practice in a new, fully-human body,”
“Your Highness, it is an honour to remake your acquaintance,” Benny gave Dean a low bow.
“Correction, it’d be me, Benny, and
“Hey,” Dean’s voice cracked, and Cas sharpened his focus on the man. His eyes looked puffy and red-rimmed, there were tear-tracks down his cheeks, and Cas was fairly certain that the NYU hoodie Dean was wearing was last seen hanging off Cas’ desk chair in his bedroom earlier this morning. “Wanna head up to our roof? Some of your plants are still trying to thrive in that sunlight,” As soon as Dean and Cas had moved in and started renting this building off Mary all those years ago, Dean excitedly told Cas all about the greenhouse his grandfather had on the roof of this old building. When they first went up there, it was dirty and had little to no plant substance. But Castiel was determined to maintain a flowerbed or two, and now they had a full-blown garden on their rooftop.
“Ever the Boy Scout, aren’t we?” At Cas’ confused squint, he chuckled. “Always prepared,” He peppered small kisses along Cas’ collarbone. “You anticipating gettin’ lucky with me, sweetheart?”
,” Hearing his name in Castiel’s desperate, gravelly tone would’ve been enough, could’ve,
The movie seemed to get quieter as Dean nuzzled into a shoulder...he
of sugar, Jack,” Cas frowned, resting a concerning hand on the boy’s shoulder. Jack turned his beaming smile to Cas, and it washed the frown right from Cas’ face.
“Is this what you want, Dean?” Cas brought his hand to Dean’s neck, and the hunter brought his hand into the angel’s open hand to feel the slight pressure on his throat. Cas squinted and licked his lips. “No, it’s not,” He murmured, bringing his hand up to the side of Dean’s face, gently running his thumb along the hunter’s bottom lip.
“Jack...” Dean couldn’t bring himself to hide his broken voice. “Can...is he...do you know if he’s...?” The boy gave the hunter a kind smile, reaching up and squeezing his shoulder. The same one Cas left his mark on, all those years ago and just yesterday.
But, he supposes, that’s the whole point of his attempt to coax Castiel back to him, right?
This time, it was
“You’re only wanting someone to drink and fuck the pain away with,” Somewhere deep in Dean’s gut, he thrilled at hearing his angel swear for the first time, but the rest of the sentence made itself loudly understood in Dean’s mind. “You don’t want to acknowledge anything, because you’re not planning on seeing the rest of the week out, am I right?” Dean couldn’t answer him even if he wanted to, and he really,
“Dean, Dean, Dean, Dean,” He panted out, bringing his lips to Dean’s mouth. They shared desperate, needy kisses as the hunter dug his nails into Castiel’s back, dragging them down so hard, Cas could feel a slight sting in his skin.
“I only get it because I was outside the door when Sam walked in on you and that group of models from the Versace ball,” Cas’ sly response made Dean roll his eyes. “I’m honestly surprised Sam didn’t already figure out you were bi from that moment alone, along with a few others I can think of...”
“But of course, a Lord cannot speak out of turn against their parents, even if they no longer hold any position of power over us,” He had shrugged, a devilish twinkle in his eye as he spoke. That moment cinched his position as a firm second choice for Dean. Benny was still the best contender he had, and Dean mentioned as much to Charlie as a way to avoid meeting all the others. But she wasn’t having it.
“Don’t remember telling any interviewers
“Her Majesty is asking for you to finish up here, Your Highness,” Cas kept his eyes low, but Dean didn’t miss the slight blush on Cas’ face. He couldn’t help but entertain the idea Pamela Barnes was alluding to Cas when she mentioned ‘members of staff’, and that perhaps, Cas caught the suggestion as well.
from his human side before cold darkness washed over him. That’s what he gets, he supposes, for hoping demons weren’t as dumb as he remembered.
Dean watched as Sam spun her around. She wrapped her legs around Sam’s hips and pressed a kiss to Sam’s cheeks and then his lips. Dean averted his gaze. He’s happy for Sam. He is, but public displays of affection were things he sometimes got queasy over. Miracle squirmed in Dean’s arm, so he gently placed the dog on the ground, and watched as he bolted to the other side of the table. Miracle let out a happy bark as he jumped up onto the legs of...
of his ex-student, and it was interrupting his dating life. Instead of going out bar-hopping with his work husband, Balthazar, Cas was lounging on his couch at 10 pm, curled up in his old favourite cardigan, sipping hot toddy and waiting for Dean to send through his email.
“Yes, I remember that,” Cas tilted his head curiously, and Dean grinned before taking hold of Cas’ shoulders and pressing him roughly up against the bare wall behind him. “
. Sam frowned, but he couldn’t, wouldn’t tear his eyes away from Dean. One more miracle. Please, Dean. One more―
“Nope. Three of the boys are currently students of mine. I’ve obviously told them not to say anything. I didn’t pull those names I mentioned before out of thin air, darling,” Balthazar yawned. “Curse this stupid quarantine, throwing my sleep routine out the window,”
Just after Sam and Emma shared a quiet lunch, the phone rang. Emma stared curiously at Sam as he answered quickly.
. Surely there was a trick to this. Maybe Mick wasn’t being honest, maybe he was just trying to get under Sam’s skin.
, I need you inside me,” He moaned. Cas curled his fingers just so, and a yelp slipped from Dean’s mouth. “
“Who are you?” The words came out small, like a child. He looked at the angel like he was a stranger again.
“Fuck off,” Dean glared before taking a deep drink of his coffee. A serene silence fell between them, and he cleared his throat. “But yeah, this week is Cassie Robinson. Kinda feel bad about it being this week, especially starting today, ‘cause she’s a really sweet girl. I’m just not feeling up to entertaining at all,”
“Rude,”
“You know he would be,” He could hear his mother’s eyeroll through the phone. “Alright, I best be off. Give my love to Castiel,”
Pretty soon, Cas realised he was unconsciously looking forward to reading the emails from Dean. They’d been coming in every two or three days for the past seven months. Cas wasn’t quite sure when ‘in case you need to talk’ turned into ‘talk to me about everything’, but he had become dangerously fond of his friend. He can call Dean a friend now since they don’t have any classes. Dean had even tried to organise to catch up once or twice, and Cas only had to cancel the second time because of a faculty meeting. But now it was New Year's Eve, and it hit him like a gale-force wind. He was getting
he had accepted the death of hundreds of people in his dream. He let out a deep breath, before giving Cas an honest smile. “Let the games begin.” Cas rolled his eyes.
“I think we’re allowed to be a couple of saps. At least for a while,” Dean cracked a grin.
“Cas, you’re making me want to read this damn book now,”
‘What I mean, lover,’ Dean brought his hand to Cas’ cheek, biting his lip to stop from laughing at Sam’s eyebrows playing a disappearing act into his hairline. ‘It might be a good idea to have more than one supernatural creature on our side. And besides,’ He ran his thumb gently on Cas’ bottom lip. ‘Everybody knows you have a thing for demons, angel.’
“It’s alright, Arthur. I opened myself up for this, and I have to hand it to them, that’s beautiful. Have anybody pulled up any legitimate suggestions though?” That sobered Cas up a little, and he put on his stoic face again, but Dean could see the crinkle near his eyes.
‘Jesus Christ, you two are fucked!’ Joe spat out blood onto the floor, and Castiel broke his connection with Dean’s soul. Dean stared up at Cas, tears streaming down his face. Cas kept his eyes on Dean and must’ve been satisfied with what he saw looking back at him. ‘No wonder Abaddon hates you so much, Dean. Fraternising with angels...’ The hairs on the back of Dean’s neck prickled, but he kept his gaze on Cas. The angel brought his hand to Dean’s cheek and caressed his thumb gently down the side of Dean’s face, much to Joe’s apparent disgust. ‘Honestly, I’ll be glad to be dead, because if I have to deal with more of Abaddon’s demons thinking of following you with this glittering ball of puke by your side, I’d sooner march right into Vermillion and tell Abaddon―’
“Yeah, ‘m fine, just really eager to see what Jack left us,” He was trying so hard to control his thoughts. Just because
***************
want with
‘Of course,’ Cas murmured, never breaking his curious frown directed at Dean’s tense shoulders.
“It means so much to me that you’ve opened your hearts to who I am. Thank you. But this isn’t all,” Arthur told Dean he could go slightly off-script with the second announcement since the engagement search wasn’t as detrimental to the family’s reputation if not handled carefully. Dean had tried not to feel miffed by that suggestion. “Apparently, I’ve got until the end of the summer to find a suitable husband or wife, so,” He made a casual shrug. “If you could come up with some of your best bachelors and bachelorettes― strictly lords, ladies or higher; I know, I know,” He waved his hands at the outcry of disappointment. “Queen’s orders, unfortunately. But if you could collate some of your favourites, I’ll have our team go over some of your suggestions as well as their own. Now, questions?” He caught the eye of Pamela Barnes, a reporter for Daily News.
“Damn fucking straight,” He didn’t mean for the words to come out in an explosion of emotion, but Castiel didn’t flinch.
“Sorry, Cas,” The man smiled lazily, his green eyes sparkling with humour for a fleeting moment.
. He sighed before continuing. “How do I―”
Dean had been on the water a few times in his life, but not nearly enough to be one-hundred percent accustomed to the ever-constant swaying of the yacht Benny called his pride and joy,
, nobody else?”
‘Thank you,’ The word was cracked and barely formed in his mouth, but Cas caught it.
‘Me,’ Cas growled.
“But hey, here we are.” He smiled, before pulling his hands from Cas’ to wrap them gently around his face and pull Castiel in. The kiss was soft, sugared, and smooth against Cas’ chapped mouth, and he parted his lips to share Dean’s breath as they deepened the kiss, only to surface for air as the rain thundered down. Cas felt it then. He knew this was a true blessing, being wished to the rains.
“You’re gonna love this,” Sam had his excited puppy-dog smile on his face, and Dean was helpless to indulge him. He gestured for his brother to go on, and Sam pulled the top magazine from the pile, flipping to a dog-eared section, before shoving the tabloid in Dean’s face. It was the
Was he so far gone, just from
,” Dean shuddered as he felt Cas pull his cock out from inside him and widened his eyes as he remembered everybody could
“How did your conversation with Rowena go?” Sam had taken Dean’s words to heart, of course, but it took him a long time to work up the nerve. He created a full flow chart of all the reasons why he shouldn’t and even presented his case to Eileen. But when Eileen asked him what he wanted, regardless of anybody else’s input, the answer came out surprisingly simple. He never held any form of control over his body and mind, not really, and the only time he felt
“The stars looked different in South Dakota,” Dean shut his eyes, recognising that soft, soothing tone. The memory of that night replayed in his head, the tape in his head running smoothly even though he’s watched it a thousand times over already. “No less beautiful, though.” A gentle touch cascaded over the hand he had on Cas’ shoulder. An ache snaked itself from within him. Curious.
―isn’t dead anymore, Dean. I brought him back. I also extended an invitation for him to come here and join in the festivities, but he seemed to think,” He sighed sadly. “He seemed to think he wouldn’t be welcome here anymore,”
“Dean?”
“Yeah, that’d work! And I’ll drop hints about cleaning out the car. Or I could make a mess in the car and piss Dean off enough to make him clean it,” Sam let out a noise that sounded close to an evil laugh. “I’ve been wanting to get him back for putting itching powder on my comb a few weeks back.”
. You belong to
“Not sleeping well?” Charlie, to her credit, softened completely. She rested a hand on Dean’s knee, and the prince let out a heavy sigh. “Isn’t the anniversary coming up soon?”
It was a Pornhub link, and Cas was fully prepared to deal with it this time. He was sent to the gay subcategory, which didn’t surprise him. He was surprised to find, however, the link led to a new section he didn’t know the gay subcategory had―teacher/student relationships. Cas rolled his eyes, but he couldn’t judge himself too harshly, not with the lingering tension from dinner pulsating in his right hand. It was only after he’d bit down harshly on his bottom lip to quell the sound of his orgasm, and he wiped away all traces of his indiscretion that he allowed his conscience to swoop in to berate him. Perhaps the margaritas did more to him than he first considered because he didn’t stop himself from tapping out a message to Balthazar.
“But you appreciate it anyway,” Cas ran his fingers slowly up and down Dean’s arm, noting the slowness of the hunter’s breathing. “You should get some sleep, Dean,” He pressed a soothing kiss onto the top of the protesting man’s head. “I’ll still be here when you wake. Thought I made that clear. Never going to leave you without you knowing anymore. I love you.”
take control, but you don’t want to, do you, Dean? No, you’ve wanted me to manhandle you from the start,’ He used his left hand to grip Dean’s hip hard enough to leave bruises, as he guided his cock towards Dean’s gaping and wanting hole. ‘Because your soul has always,’ He caught on Dean’s rim, and together they sighed as he slowly pulled Dean down onto his cock. ‘
“Do you truly want to know?” Cas’ expression didn’t shift at all from his concerned gaze, but his hands squeezed Dean’s shoulders in an attempt to comfort him. Dean couldn’t find the words, so he nodded shakily. Cas sighed. “Dean, I have been watching over you since Heaven received word you had been conceived. I was tasked to just watch, no interference at all, just to observe the Michael Sword. But there were a few instances, when my superiors weren’t watching me, when I tried to show you your faith is not gone, just misplaced,”
. Say the word, and I will never leave you again,” He pressed lavish kisses into Dean’s exposed clavicles. “Say it, Dean,” The hunter bit his lip. It seemed so easy when Cas said it like that. He could just say it, and it wouldn’t even be that hard, so
“Can’t all the other angels hear me if I’m praying?” The words slipped out, and Dean bit his tongue as Cas tightened his grip in the slightly-too-long ends of his hair. Warmth rushed to the right side of Dean’s face, and he could feel Cas’ steady breaths paint his skin.
“Baby?” He murmured, nearly wincing from the sunlight glinting off her beautiful black paint. His pocket felt heavy with a new weight, more familiar to him than the smooth taste of whiskey. Car keys. Dean turned to Bobby, who gave him a wink. That was just as weird as his voice, but there again, Heaven may have truly relaxed him beyond his years. Dean chuckled before giving him a wave and walking towards his pride and joy.
“I love you too, Castiel.”
“You think the students were desperate?” Dean withered, and Cas blanched.
“Well, after she joked about me missing her too much to be strictly platonic,” Sam rolled his eyes, an easy smile on his face. He was finding smiles easier now, too, and that caused a conflict within him half the time. Not this time, though. “Rowena graciously agreed to take time out her ‘busy schedule’ to help her ‘ favorite student’,”
“Did Dad say anything?” Dean frowned.
old tap water. He used to do this quite a bit for Sam, but it had been
Everything Castiel ever consciously did for Dean was soft, slow, smooth. It used to annoy Dean to no end, but now, it was all he could have ever wanted from him. Perhaps he
“Thanks,” He muttered, before shoving the papers into Cas’ expectant hands. “Wanna give it a read?” Cas nodded.
Sammy. Sam was the smart one, the academic one, the son he could call his own. Dean was never
“Sammy,” He loathed to look away from Castiel for even a second, but he turned to glare at his brother. “
Cas’ phone started ringing, and he pulled it out of his coat pocket. He couldn’t help the smile as he saw Dean’s name on the Call-ID and he accepted the call.
“Well, it started as stories I’d tell Sam to,” He faltered.
“Sure okay, but why do you need teaching, Cas?” He frowned. “Thought you were a skilled soldier,” Dean waved his hand in dismissal.
didn’t want to. “You’ve spent your entire life putting Sam first, haven’t you? Even when your brother was away from you, still you kept tabs on him from afar. Quiet enough so your father wouldn’t know, but still. You barely remember a world without your brother by your side, or at least, somewhere you can reach,”
The prince frowned as he pressed his head to the glass of his living room window. So much for a beautiful summer’s day to go horseback riding with Benny.
one for confrontation. However before he could turn around and flee, Castiel lunged in front of Dean to grab the demon’s collar. He plunged his angel blade straight through the guy’s chest, spilling blinding light everywhere. As he fell to the ground, Dean flinched as he heard Emma crying out.
with Rhonda Hurley, Dean. I know about how you
Jack had the right idea. Their deaths
for second year, and I’ve been asked to take on
Dean repressed a shudder into his ribcage. That was years ago, and this was not Castiel. Something must’ve shown in Dean’s face because Michael’s smile softened. “Memories are our best friends, and our worst enemies, aren’t they?”
“Well, then, far be it from me to keep my loving family waiting. Shall we?” He shook his head with a smile at Cas’ eyebrow twitch. His best friend was always there, just below the surface. Just for Dean.
“Yeah, Cas?”
“Emma needs
The shaking in Cas’ fingers couldn’t stop, even as he took in deep breaths to try and quell the jitters. A new message popped up from Dean.
“So,” He couldn’t allow any more of this introspection, lest he starts weeping into his salvation’s hands. “Apparently our child is going to change a few things around here,” He gave Emma a gentle sway, gently tugging the bottle away to encourage her to take a breath. She stared up at Dean, bringing her eyebrows down slightly to give him an annoyed glare. Dean couldn’t help chuckling. “You gotta breathe, baby. Take a second, trust me,” She continued to squint accusingly, but he kept the bottle away for a little longer.
go in guns a-blazin',”
Heaven. It was perfect. Everything was just the way Dean wanted it to be.
Everybody was here.
“I, uh,” Dean cleared his throat, and Cas turned to see him rubbing his face nervously. “I think I carved that when I was drunk, the heart I mean. After I carved you and Jack into the table, Sam and I just sat here and we saluted the ones we’d lost. I kinda got a bit drunk after that and carved that,” He tapped on the heart three times, in perfect time to the beating of Castiel’s heart.
to appear on my bedside table one night, or just
‘Dean?’ His brother’s question was hesitant. Dean rolled his neck, wrenching his eager gaze from the angel once more.
Once he was happy the demon couldn’t try a second spit-take, he freed Joe’s lips, taking a healthy step back from him. Blood dribbled from Joe’s cracked lips, and there was a wave of hot anger blazing in the demon’s eyes.
“You already are,” Cas caressed his hand over Dean’s cheek, and the anger Dean had bubbling in his chest simmered at the mere touch of the angel’s fingers. The hunter turned to Cas with the smallest of smiles.
“She says she can’t wait to meet her big sister,” Cas pressed a kiss to her nose. “What are we going to do with Emma, though?” Dean glanced between the two of them, at a loss.
Cas wandered into his bedroom and closed the door behind him. Sealed away from Dean, he let out a heavy sigh. Balthazar just
“Get under my skin like that,” The words came out quiet, and Sam wasn’t sure if the receiver picked up what he had said. But then there was a small chuckle.
“I love you too, Cas.” Freedom could be everything with the right person by his side.
“You speak as if you know me,” Dean’s tone came out clipped, which impressed him since he wanted to scream bloody murder at him. “I suggest you hold your tongue, lest you sully your good name, sir.” He gave him a curt nod, which Lord Adler responded to with a shaken expression. Dean turned on his heel and made a speedy break for the hedge maze, Castiel as always trailing behind him.
“That...you...I...” Those were all the words he could pull from his lungs, even with the now-regulated breathing of air.
“What if I
And yet.
Oh. It’s a poem. Dean writes poetry? Oh. It’s...about him? He finally got to the part with his name, right at the end. Cas felt his entire being freeze. Dean...loves him? Not like how he loves Sam and Jack, but like how Cas loves him? His grace started to crackle from within his body. That hasn’t happened since Dean said he needed him in Purgatory. Tears started to well up in his eyes, and he felt...how does he feel? Castiel has never felt this way before, so he had no way of putting a name to it. Happy? He glanced around nervously, waiting to hear The Empty’s broken laughter. Either what Cas was feeling isn’t happiness, or...was the deal between them off, since The Empty had Jack, even if it was fleeting?
Castiel responded directly to the golden hue. Recognition flared in Dean’s eyes.
Time flows differently in Purgatory, Dean knows that. But didn’t Cas say he and Benny were only going to be a few minutes? Where were they? Panic started to grip his lungs, and he scrambled onto his feet. As he swayed on the spot, another memory swam to the surface.
“Fuck me, Castiel,” He could feel the tears coming back again, and he knew he looked like a mess. There was probably precum and a whole lot of saliva dripping from his chin, but Castiel looked at him like he was the most beautiful person in the room. Dean would deny it, of course, because Castiel can’t see himself. “Cas, please,” Another vibration of pleasure spread through him as Cas continued his ministrations with his grace.
Right?
“Did she now?” Dean tutted. “Mom can be sentimental, I suppose,” He glanced back at the flowers, a grimace on his face. “What am I supposed to do with those?”
“He...well, he did try to, but you were...preoccupied,” Dean whipped his gaze back to the angel, who was humble enough to look sheepish.
But as Lee started to pack up, Dean had started to shake and tried his hardest to avoid standing too close to anyone. His friend noticed then, and when it came time to say goodbye, Lee slipped Dean a crumpled-up piece of paper into his hands. Under John’s watchful eyes, Dean couldn’t do anything except shove his hands into his jeans pockets to hide the paper.
“It’s okay, you don’t have to say anyth―”
One moment, Jack was right in front of them, then the sunshine broke through the clouds, and he disappeared with the sun’s rays. The hunters stood there in shock, and let themselves breathe. Dean thought the air felt clearer than he remembered. Lighter. A loud bark pulled him out of his reverie, and he felt a soft nudging down at his leg. Dean glanced down to see Miracle staring back up at him.
the movie was already up to that part, was it?
“She sent a prayer my way to let me know. I tried to get back to you as soon as I could. But no matter, I’m here now. But you don’t need to speak if you don’t want to, Sam. If you want, you can just pray to me, and I’ll hear you,” Sam frowned, drawing in another heady breath.
********
‘No?’ Dean let go of Joe completely, rounding the chair so he was in Joe’s line of sight. ‘Sorry, bucko. Them’s the brakes. You’ve got three choices. One,’ He tilted his head to the side, biting his lip in relish before continuing. ‘We drain the blood from you forcefully, and you call Abaddon. Two, you offer up what you know willingly because I don’t fucking believe you’re
“Um, hashtag...um...” Arthur brought his voice down to a low whisper and kept his eyes trained on his phone. “ ‘Get Cas that Royal Ass’, sir,” Dean froze, and he could see Cas seize up just the same. “I’m sorry, sir...sir?” Arthur frowned as Dean started to shake with silent laughter. Cas smirked, biting his lip to hide his laugh. Dean let his laugh bellow out, echoing down the halls.
“Huh,” Sam eyed Cas curiously. “Never thought about it like that,” Cas nodded.
“Mr Winchester, you’re trying to seduce me, aren’t you?” Cas asked dryly, flashing Dean a wolfish grin. The sparkle in Dean’s eyes grew, and Castiel was treated with his favourite laugh― the student threw his head back, mouth wide open as he laughed raucously, cheeks flushed rosy warm. He held his hand to his chest as he simmered down to small huffs of laughter. “But seriously, Dean, why are you asking?” Something in the question sobered Dean up. His eyes became sharp, and the flush on his cheeks spread to his neck. Silence fell between them, and Cas was the first to break the stare-down. “I think that’s probably enough for tonight. What time did you say your class was tomorrow morning?”
“Cas?” He whispered, head bowed, eyes closed. Another memory, not of Purgatory, echoed and groaned in his head. It was Claire’s words, in a phone call years ago. Castiel could sense her longing, without a prayer. She also told him Cas could hear thoughts as prayers too. The concept had seemed bizarre to him at the time, but it might just help him guide Castiel back to him, back home. “I hope you can hear me,”
“Wait,” Dean kept his eyes firmly on Cas’, mirroring the tears down his cheeks. Another memory was trying to push forth, trying to get him to pay attention to it. “Didn’t…didn’t Michael say something about The Empty before we…”
, and he’s lucky to even be here.
“Oh, no, no, no, sir, trust me, my Hallie and baby Evan won’t be missing this car at all, they’ll be happy to see it gone. Hallie just told me this morning she’s dying to get a new vehicle,”
“Dean,” It was all Castiel could breathe out before Dean pressed his lips on his cock and swallowed him down. The hunter had little experience to draw from, but from Castiel’s point of view, the feeling was beyond anything he could’ve hoped for. The tightness of Dean’s throat around him made Cas’ knees attempt to buckle, so he pressed himself harder into the wall. Dean’s hands came up to latch firmly onto Cas’ ass, massaging the muscle and holding on as he pulled more moans of pleasure from the ex-angel. He could feel his release coming on faster than he anticipated, so Cas ran his fingers through Dean’s hair and gently pulled his face away. “Dean,” He breathed out. The hunter grinned lazily, tongue swooping to lap up the pre-come dribbling from Cas’ dick.
“Mom or Sam could just come waltzing in at any given moment,”
“Where’d you go? You looked lost in thought,” He ghosted a sigh onto Dean’s neck, and the prince shivered.
, Dean’s soul responded.
his best friend truly is. The jacket Cas had grabbed had always been the perfect fit around Dean’s arms, but on Cas, the leather looked more form-fitting.
“Thought you were a soldier of Heaven, man,”
‘It’s angel grace,’ Sam sounded amazed, glancing between Dean and Cas. ‘You like the feeling of grace mixing with your soul.’ Dean waggled his eyebrows, flicking his eyes black before going green again.
” Cas frowned, but he couldn’t help turning his hand to cup Dean’s cheek. The hunter gazed back at Cas, his lips in that same carefree smile Castiel could not recognize but had already fallen for. Just like he’d fallen for everything else about Dean. Wholly and completely.
“I’m a big fan of
. Benny held two separate bouquets in his arms, one filled with orchids and the other filled with sunflowers. He gave Dean a gracious bow, as deep as he could muster without spilling the flowers from his arms.
“Hmm-mmm. Mick the Dick,” Dean muttered as they started walking up the stairs towards the Bunker. Cas pinched the inner part of Dean’s forearm. “Ow,”
“Dean!” He held his hand to his chest as he turned his head to see the man leaning against the archway between the kitchen and the lounge room, biting his lip. “You’re quiet, holy shit. Sorry, I―”
?” Dean had only ever seen Cas get truly angry a handful of times, and it had never been directed at him. Watching his friend’s reaction to that name sent a chill through his body. Cas said nothing, just glared at the letter Sam held up in question. Dean shared a silent look with Sam, who offered the letter towards Cas cautiously. Cas inhaled heavily.
evaded him. Dean supposes that’s what he gets when he only half-listens to his father. It was No-something...
“Her Majesty thought it would be prudent to leave the decision entirely up to you, Your Highness,” Arthur spoke through his tightened lips.
“What?” Sam blinked.
but he still wanted to remember Dean’s touch. Perhaps the touch would trigger the one memory the broken spell won’t pull back into place.
“That’s right,” Cas took hold of Dean’s hand gripping his shoulder, squeezing it. “What else?”
‘Coming.’ He called back, gesturing for Cas to go first. The angel’s steps were shaky, and Dean snickered as they walked into the room.
“Yes, Castiel,” A sense of calm struck through the nervousness of being so close to one of the worst memories of his life and recreating something beautiful to replace it. He finally understood why Castiel chose
He had to leave the room before he did something reckless, like destroy something out of a pure burst of force. He couldn’t part with the lovely words Dean had written, even if he meant to ball up his confession and hide it. He wanted to call Dean up and tell him he found the poem and how much he appreciated it, but Cas realised he wasn’t supposed to see that. He could imagine Dean’s fury at Cas snooping around in his bedroom. He left Dean’s room feeling utterly deflated, and completely at a loss for what to do.
“Hey,” Dean pulled Cas’ focus back to him. “Whatever happens, we’ll get through it together,” He stroked his cheek, a small smile on his face. “We always do.”
“Sure, there’s just one problem with that, Mother,” Dean gave her a terse smile. “I
“The sea air is doing wonders for me, but I’m curious, am I as green as I feel?” He chuckled mirthlessly and bit his lip as he felt his stomach quiver.
“It’s alright, Sam. You don’t have to talk about anything right now, if you don’t want to,” She pulled back enough to see Sam’s face. He knew the tears were still flowing freely, dampening his shirt. “How about some food? I can probably make some eggs, bacon, toast?” Sam blinked slowly.
with their best friends,” Dean rolled his eyes, and Cas breathed out a chuckle. “Sure, if Novak’s amenable,” He watched his bodyguard give him a curious head-tilt, and Dean gave him a wink.
“I should’ve stopped you,”
love Spiderman,” Cas mused.
“Say it,” Cas pleaded, wrapping his hand around Dean’s weeping dick, pumping hard and fast. “Tell me you’re mine, say my name, love, please,”
“Cas isn’t―” Dean felt a violent lurch in his stomach. What was Castiel to him?
“Super, Benny,”
As soon as the news broke, Cas received an email from the Head of the English Department of the university, Ms Naomi Tapping, asking for the faculty members to join in on a Zoom meeting to go over all their agreed protocols. Cas typed out a private email for Naomi, informing her he has a student staying at his place. He hesitated as he tried to think of the best way to explain the situation.
was the joke. A little distant reminder of the past, of how long they’d gone on the road so far.
That was all he had to say back. But he couldn’t. The words melted as they came up his throat.
“Why’d you want it to go to me, anyway? I don’t know you,” Sam frowned as the witch laughed.
“Uh,”
“Trauma has an interesting way of making itself known,” The angel spoke softly, keeping his gaze firmly on the jacket he held tightly in his hands. Silence cloaked itself around the two, but it was gentle like an autumn’s night sky. “Even when you think you’ve closed the trap doors in the room, the monsters still creep out, sometimes when you least expect it. The only way to get rid of the monster is―”
“Ah, good old Cas,” Cas could hear the smile in his tone, and it brought a smile to Cas’ lips too.
“Never mind. I don’t recognize this place,”
“Dean,” He tried again, but Dean continued nervously fiddling and keeping his gaze away from Cas. “Look at me.” Cas couldn’t help the crack in his voice, and it’s what attracted Dean’s gaze to his eyes, finally. “Dean,” He slowly made his way towards the hunter, but when he noticed he wasn’t meeting timid movements anymore, Cas picked up his pace until he was standing in front of Dean.
Sam Winchester stood on the cliffside, staring down at the water below. The grey skies above him rumbled with a warning. Seawater thrashed and beat against the rocks where Sam stood, but he was unafraid. A sense of tranquility washed over him as he smiled. For the first time in months,
with that weakened voice. Castiel leaned in close, and if it weren’t for Dean’s tired state, he probably would’ve panicked over how
community would want what you put those people through,”
“Is this what you’ve been spiking your victims with?” Sam took a step closer to the witch. She nodded earnestly.
“That went over fantastically. The hashtags ‘Find The Prince A Lord’ and ‘Find The Prince A Lady' are trending worldwide, with everybody from the Kardashians to the British Royal Family offering suggestions,” Arthur beamed.
“I don’t, but I figured I might as well try to get comfortable,” Cas sighed, before leaned forward to pull the trench coat up from under him and wrenching it off, along with the suit jacket, in one fell swoop. Now he was just sitting there in a white shirt with his tie loosened and at least three of the top buttons undone. Dean didn’t even realize he was running his tongue along the bottom of his lip as he cast a glance over his friend until he caught Cas’ smug grin. “See something you like, Winchester?”
to know what to do.
“Why is she here?” He glared at the witch, who let out a glittering sound of laughter. Dean’s interest had shifted from the television to the front door, and he was now standing up, shoulders hunched in defense.
“Great. Off we go,” Cas gently pushed Dean back towards the door. The hunter was startled as he took a step back.
“Nothing,” Benny kept his eyes on Cas, hands raised in defense. “Castiel, what I told you was true. I could never take him from you,” The angel remained completely frozen, but there was a sharp intake of breath. “We just made out once or twice. It was nothing,”
women?” Lord Adler clapped his greasy hand on Dean’s shoulder.
**********
“You know what I wanted to do, what I probably would’ve done if Sam and Kelly weren’t there?” He cocked an eyebrow. Cas made a confused face.
“Not at all, my Lord,” He watched as Benny slowly brought the strawberry to his lips, the chocolate sauce fast running down Benny’s cautious fingers and wanting to drip onto Dean. He didn’t think, didn’t consider how it would look, he just
“How can you be so sure, Cas? Why are you here?” These were the first words he’d spoken since yesterday. Was it really only yesterday he came back from the hunt? That stupid―
“I’ve always been watching over you. Ever since you were born, I’ve been right by your side.”
“Dean...” Cas looked almost luminescent, and Dean pressed his forehead against the angel’s.
“I’m sorry,” Benny murmured as he went to walk past Dean. The hurt bubbled and prickled, driving Dean to do something reckless and stupid. In the cave where he realized he was in love with Cas for the first time, and in full view of the angel in question, Dean reached forth and pulled Benny in for an all-consuming kiss.
“Have you ever carried a baby up the stairs before, Sammy?” Dean quipped. Sam scoffed.
you, Dean,” He whispered in wonderment, eyes shining.
“Like every other year?” He didn’t raise his eyebrow, didn’t look disappointed, didn’t hold a smirk in his mouth. He just
‘Do you remember anything?’
cannot hold onto you there. You must―”
“Well, there’s that. But also, the way you addressed the party wasn’t very fitting, either.” She brought her cup of tea to her lips, surveying him as she sipped. Dean let out a sigh.
“Aw, ain’t that adorable? Well, hopefully, she’s less of a doofus than these two put together. You try to warn a guy about demons on their asses, and they
And I will pledge with mine;
“Sammy,” The word came out broken like shards of glass, but the warmth of his brother wrapping his arms around him was enough to place the pieces back together. “I’m here, Sammy. I’m here,”
Purgatory made everything.
“What’re you talking about?” Dean frowned, bringing Emma’s face into his chest, where she happily gurgled away, lips pressing sloppy kisses into his t-shirt. He made a mental note to get her some more formula made up soon.
He padded softly along the floors of the Bunker, rubbing his eyes as he entered the kitchen. Cas was pouring two large mugs of coffee with a small smile on his face. Sam yawned around a smile as Miracle wandered over to Cas, rubbing his head against the angel’s leg.
Just a heads up. If there is anything you feel uncomfortable by, please do not hesitate to let me know in the comments. Otherwise, enjoy!
“Did you happen to tell him
“Fuck,” He muttered. Dean turned back into the cave and glanced around to find anything that could help him. His gaze fell onto the flowerbed. The crushed bulbs were stretching up and out for him once more as if he had never laid his body on the petals at all. Always accommodating to him, even if after he almost ruined it. The irony wasn’t lost on him. He felt his knees tremble as he lowered himself back into their garden.
“You love me. Come on now, have you two bumped uglies yet?”
‘Cas. Take a look at who you’re speaking to. Sam and I practically wrote the book on avoidance tactics, and you’re giving us the Winchester classic right now. Come on, lover. What is it?’ There was a long pause, and Dean almost gave up on it, focusing on the road. Cas let out a low sigh.
the stupid demon would be unnerved enough to squeal. Joe spat right in Dean’s face, and Dean felt was a
‘But,’ Cas pressed his hands to Dean’s bare chest, ignoring how much they were both trembling. ‘I won’t if you only want a one-time deal. Do you understand me, Dean? I cannot, I will not allow myself to crash into you unless you swear to me this is only the beginning,’ The angel’s eyes were glowing slightly, and Dean could feel a tendril of grace delicately toe the line between Cas’ fingertips and his heart. His soul.
Heaven.  It was perfect. Everything was just the way Dean wanted it to be. Sitting there on the porch outside The Roadhouse, drinking El Sol alongside his father figure, sunshine on his face...nothing could be better.
‘And show my hand so soon? Don’t you know me at all, Winchester? I’ll tell you what I will do, though. I’ll give you an address, and we can meet there. You, me, and Moose,’
“Cas?” Dean called out from the corridor.
wanted― but hearing those two words directed at him from the only one who had the right to say it sent crackling static through his entire body. Dean felt like he was floating and the only thing holding him on the ground was Castiel’s firm hand in his hair. Castiel made that same pleased noise again, before shuffling around to stand in front of the kneeling hunter. Dean gasped at the sight of him. Castiel was no longer wearing his trench-coat, and he seemed to have traded his white shirt for a silky-looking black shirt that moved with every twitch of his muscles. His tie was held in his free hand, and Dean bit his lip as he stared at the fabric. Castiel freed Dean’s hair from his grip, trailing his hand down to Dean’s cheek. He tightened his grip on Dean’s chin.
,” Castiel breathed. “Touch me, Dean. Whatever you want.” Dean brought his hands onto Castiel’s sharp hipbones, dragging his hands across the lace before cupping Cas’ leaking cock. The lace shifted ever more, and the angel spilled out of the panties almost entirely. Dean licked his lips hungrily at the sight of his cock on display, just for him. All for him. “Open your mouth, boy,” The hunter followed the order eagerly, and Castiel brought his hands to the back of Dean’s head, and Dean felt the hand-warmed fabric of Cas’ tie loop around his throat. “You look so beautiful like this, all for me. All mine,” There was a slight tug in his hair and around his throat and before he knew it, Dean had the head of Castiel’s cock pressing against his lips.
“You should get back in the car, Cas. Emma needs someone to stay with her,” Dean kept his voice devoid of emotion. Cas shook his head.
Words were still only stuttering on his tongue, so Dean just nodded slowly.
“Book con. Apparently they’re a big important thing here in New York too, not just everywhere else in America,” Dean cringed at his attempt to make things light because he knew Cas won’t care about that. He never cared much for small talk, even when they first met. It was like trying to converse with a concrete wall at the beginning of their friendship until Dean had accidentally opened up to him about his past. That made Cas crash into him like a wave, and ever since, Dean had tried his hardest to stay in the deep with him, but sometimes he gets tired of treading water.
“Thank you, Sam.” Cas smiled. “I might have to change my plans, then.”
Eight hours, minimum stops, and nothing but time to process just how much their world had begun to change.
Mom has, and if you’re anything like me, you’ve found something as well. Well, this one is mine. My burden, my problem, my issue, and I know there’s no logic behind it, there’s no sense in thinking
“Ah, I missed this,” Charlie smiled. “Winchester bickering. It’s so lovely,”
“Because Nephilim are forbidden, since their power is enough to crumble entire worlds,” Cas sighed, and Emma reached out with both arms for the angel. Dean made sure the hand-off between them went smoothly, and Emma cooed almost gleefully as she nuzzled her face into Castiel’s neck. “Ordinarily, a Nephilim is created between an angel who has taken a male vessel and a female human. These instances were usually never with the human under full consent, so the backstory is a little...complex,” Emma started trying to blow bubbles into the air, all the while paying close attention to the deep gravel of Cas’ voice. A loud cacophony of tinny guitar riffs echoed in the quiet, and Cas winced. Surprisingly, Emma didn’t even flinch at the loud noise. “Could you possibly get that, Dean? I think it’s your brother. I sort of up and left him in a hurry when you called,”
“Cas,” Dean breathed like a prayer, and the angel brought his face up to look Dean in the eye, smiling widely. “I love you,” The reverence never left his voice, and Dean reached out to lock his hands with Cas’. “I love you so much.”
“Everything?” Cas supplied. Dean flipped him off before chuckling. His hand landed on top of Cas’, and gave a thankful squeeze. “Better now?”
, just like your mind, body, and soul are
‘I...I...’
“Since you showed me your wings,” He gulped out. Castiel’s heart galloped in his chest. He’d been wanting Castiel to be intimate with him since the night they met.
“You heard me?” His words came out low and broken. Cas turned to him; face wiped clean of emotion.
“I was saying, uh,” Dean cleared his throat. “Damn it, man. I’ve had a crush on you for
in it, apparently?” Dean felt his lips press together tightly, which Emma found very amusing. She started giggling like crazy.
“You did very well, Your Highness,”
“Will you please take the class? It’s a dance one, too. Now I know you’re good at dancing, but honey, you were way too close to a handful of your partners that night, not just Benny,” Mary sighed.
with your thoughts and your longing,” He brought the rest of his hand over the skin of Dean’s throat, and the hunter gasped. Cas looked into Dean’s eyes curiously, waiting for something. “Ever since I pulled you out of Hell, you know I’ve been more closely attuned to you above everybody else. I can hear it when your soul aches for me, Dean. When your body burns for the touch of me, when your mind screams out for me to take care of you,” He tilted his head. “Do you want me to take care of you, Dean?” The hunter gulped again and jerked his head in a small nod. Cas raised his eyebrow before ever-so-slightly
want me to.”
“I guess it doesn’t sound like a nickname to you, does it?” He poured a healthy amount of dishwashing liquid into his coffee mug, grabbing the washcloth and scrubbing the cup clean as he considered. “What about ‘sunshine’? I’ve called you that before,”
“See you soon, pal.” Sam reached over and squeezed Dean’s shoulder while giving Cas a serious stare.
“Sammy’s not entirely Sam just yet, buddy,” Dean gave Jack a comforting shoulder squeeze. “When he is, though, I’m sure Cas can stay here as long as he wants to,” There was a strike of tension in the hunter’s voice, as though he still wasn’t sure if Cas believed his place was right by Dean’s side. Cas waited until he had Dean’s gaze back on him before speaking clearly, enunciating every word.
“Cassie Robinson,” He mumbled through a mouthful of food. He felt comfortable not upholding the proper decorum Mary would expect in her presence, since the only other people Sam and Dean were having breakfast with were Gabriel and Cas. Dean felt a light kick in the side of his chair and cast a side-long glance at his bodyguard, who was frowning at him. “What? Mom’s not here, come on,”
than be―
“I meant Cas,” Dean shook his head. “Lucifer was never your father, Jack. But Castiel, he―” He blew out a heavy breath, pushing back the tears that wanted to burst free. “God, Jack, he loved you
Dean, Dean, Dean, who froze up when Castiel turned the spotlight on him at the last moment. No wonder he froze. He was not accustomed to affection― more familiar with the feel of a blade at his throat or an angry fist to the face, than the gentle caress of a lovesick angel or the soft confessions of bittersweet happiness.
“You mean you haven’t, not even privately when I’ve pissed you off?”
“He likes you,” Sam nodded his thanks as Cas offered one of the mugs to him. The angel glanced down at the sniffing dog.
“Language, Dean,” Cas said idly as he began to roll up his shirt sleeves. Dean glared daggers at the angel. “So, are you going to answer me, or are you going to find another distraction to avoid confronting your feelings?” Dean sputtered nonsensical words at him, still residing in the bitchiness of Cas making him bite his tongue and then chiding him for his language. Cas eyed him lazily. “Do you want to know my thoughts and feelings on the matter?” The hunter shot another scathing glare towards the angel, who took the look as an affirmative answer. “I believe you’ve been nurturing these feelings and emotions about me for quite some time, but you haven’t allowed yourself a moment to properly process them for two reasons,” He held up two fingers to demonstrate before counting off on them.
, and she was also, in a weird and messy codependent way, Sam’s
‘What are you talk-
“Hello, Dean,”
This was Dean’s home, but Cas could tell he had added little things to include both Jack and Cas. The kitchen was large, open-plan, and filled to the brim with different cooking attempts by Dean. The air was permeated with caramel, apple, and something spiced like cinnamon and cloves. Next to the kitchen door was a door clearly marked for Jack, with the door painted a bright blue with a slap-dash streak of lime green near the door handle. Cas could tell Jack painted it himself. The hardwood floors creaked and groaned as the angel approached the dining table, which was laden with even more baking. Dean gestured for Cas to take a seat at the head of the table as he took a seat to Cas’ left side. Jack wandered off into the kitchen, the fridge door making a gentle noise as it opened.
Castiel loved him. Cas loved
“We’re friends,” Cas blushed.
Cas rested his hand gently on Dean’s shoulder before he swung the doors open. Anger seeped out of Dean’s body with every heavy breath he exhaled, but he refused to give the angel thanks. He needed blood on his hands. And he needed it now.
“You don’t want to tell me?”
“Dean,” He breathed, frowning as he reached for the hunter. Dean shook his head minutely. He felt like death warmed over, but he needed to see the both of them. The newest nightmare involved not just Emma dying in front of him, but Cas too. He’d seen
Castiel sighed as he picked up his favorite mug from its’ prized spot on the kitchen counter. Dean always liked leaving both their mugs there, right next to the French press they got as a housewarming gift from his mother.
. “And two, you’re still holding onto the horrible way your father looked at you when he saw you getting too close to Lee that one time when you were young, and every other homophobic notion John has ever pushed onto you, including the shame over your first kiss being with a boy.”
comfy, and Benny had looped his arm around Dean’s shoulder. He hadn’t had this much affection given his way in one hit since he was a teenager, and it helped that Cas was there as well. His friend was always a comfort for him, feelings notwithstanding.
become sweaty.
“If you’re referring to my dance with Benny, he was chastised for his behaviour,”
“Well then, it wouldn’t be in there,”
“It’s still almost two months away, Red,”
Castiel’s student.
“I know, but I got a chance to look at Mick’s thoughts when we shook hands, and he’s,” A blush rose to his cheeks. “He’s genuine about the deaths, and about everything else too,”
family,” He tried to draw in a deep breath, but the crying was making it harder to breathe. He rubbed at his eyes and sank to the ground on his knees.
just say that,” She turned to Cas, who was standing by Dean’s ensuite door. “Tell me I hallucinated him saying that, Cas. He didn’t actually say it should be up to his dates to decide on what to do,”
“If you’re doing what I think you’re trying, you’re going to need more than the Leviathan blossom and the Mark of Cain to conceal God. I’ll give you Jack straight away, as soon as we get topside,” They held up a finger to stop both Cas and Dean’s responses. “But you’re going to need me to bury him in the Empty with these power chains on his neck,” Hanging from their delicate fingers was a long rope of manacles inscribed with blue and gold mythical words.
He crumbled as the tears finally broke free.
“Roadmap?”
When they broke apart, Cas winced. Their surroundings were brighter than he remembered. They were back in the Bunker, the War Room in particular. The chairs, the tables, the lamps were all the same. Cas noticed a small etching on the table. The ‘D.W’ and the ‘S.W’ he was familiar with, and even the ‘M.W’ for Mary was known to him. But it was the two additions that surprised him. Hovering above the Winchester brother’s initials was ‘J.K.W’. Cas smiled to see their son’s name in pride of place on the table, but it was the addition underneath Dean’s initials that had him giddy with more happiness than he had ever had to deal with before.
“Hopefully, you’ll also be good for him. I’m not...” This voice’s rumble was closer, and Dean wanted to move closer to it. It was soothing, and he felt the softness of a shoulder change to the warmth of a chest. He drew in a breath and recognized Cas’ heady scent. “I’m not enough for him. I can’t―”
“Hiya Emma,” Sam spoke gently and reflected Emma’s hesitant smile. She was right to be as far removed from her uncle as possible. A flicker of memory painted a bullet-hole in the baby’s head, and Sam winced.
A tanned hand held a wet wipe in front of Dean’s hazy eyes. The prince took it without comment, wiping his face clean and dropping it into the toilet bowl with the rest of his disgust. Cas ran his hand through Dean’s sweated hair, and Dean moaned softly at the gesture. He pulled his face away from the toilet and decided the cold tile of the bathroom floor was the safest space for him to curl up into. His stomach had nothing for it to throw around, so he was stuck with spasming pain and sweat. The noise of his toilet flushing and then the rush of water from his shower pulled Dean from his turmoil for a moment.
The gun range was a good start at putting his plan into motion. Dean initially set them up so there was a box of space between them, and that wouldn’t do well for Cas.
“Yes,” The angel said slowly. “But maybe you should finish your breakfast and coffee first,”
‘Or,’ He sunk his teeth into Cas’ bottom lip and pulled another moan from Cas. ‘We keep this our dirty little secret. We tell Sam, and he’d try everything to take away the part of me that doesn’t hold back from you. You don’t want that, do you, lover?’ Dean smirked as Cas whined. ‘Didn’t think so. I promise you, we will tell him, soon. I wanna keep playing with you like this for a little while longer,’
stupid, and it worked out much better having more of his family back. Perhaps they’ll reach out to Jody, Donna and the girls soon, have a proper ‘welcome back from the dead/the end of the world as we know it’ party. But for now, this was enough. Home is where their family was, and Dean had never been more content in all his life.
“Weren’t you two friends back in high school?” Sam frowned. Dean nodded absently. “Didn’t know he was gay,”
,” He gently squeezed his hands to the syllables of his stressed words. Dean laughed loudly at that, and it made Cas feel brighter than ever.
“Okay, I’ll give you the same advice I gave Dean. Write out your feelings, get everything out. But instead of doing what you want with them, Cas, you should give the poem to Dean. Or, even better,” Sam paused. “You can leave the letter somewhere he’s going to find it, but inconspicuous enough to seem like you didn’t mean to leave it there. Kinda like how you came across his poem, yeah?” Castiel thought about it.
“Thank you for standing by my side. Couldn’t have done it without you,”
“What are we going to do now?” He muttered as he watched a steady trickle of rain wash downhill over the riding trail he was so keen to take his horse on. It’d only been a few days since he last rode Baby, but he was looking forward to showing his Friesian mare off to Benny. He had his own steed― a palomino stallion named Eli― that was all trussed up and ready to travel over to the Winchester estate. But Charlie had to be the bearer of bad news, giving the prince sighs and sad smiles as she watched Dean huff in mild disappointment.
“Dean,” Cas started, trepidation wrapping its jaws around his heart. The awkward lodging of it in his fear’s throat caused his heart to throb as the terror choked, and his neck pulsed in sympathy.
“Sure,” Cas mumbled, apprehensive. Dean cracked a smile, and it twisted like a spur into Cas’ heart. The wound was a familiar one, though, so he barely even winced at the pain. Dean held out his hand, and Cas frowned. He glanced down to see he was still holding Dean’s fresh mug of coffee, so he passed the mug off. Dean chuckled lightly, before passing the mug off to his other hand and holding the same hand out again. “Dean?”
“My good boy, such a good boy, so beautiful,” Cas cooed in Dean’s ear as he filled Dean entirely.
“What bad memories do you have of this place?”
“They’re―” Cas swallowed nervously. “They’ve got Claire?”
“Oh, I don’t want to keep you. If you want to spend time with Dean, then―“
“I guess. Does this mean I can give you nicknames too?” Cas put the skillet back into the cupboard, but he didn’t miss Dean’s wide grin.
“So,” He mused, humming as he reached out to rest his hands between the wildflowers. A bee floated over his sun-drenched hand, drunk on pollen. “Perhaps our memories have changed Purgatory, for the better,” The bee settled onto Cas’ hand, nestling into his skin before taking a nap. “At least, this space changed from a good memory,”
‘So, what? You’re a demon-human...
Cas chewed on his nails as he watched the little grey box with the three dots hover in the corner of the chat. Maybe this wouldn’t be so bad? Perhaps Cas can relax, and just be Dean’s friend. They’re in the same age group, and he no longer has a Duty of Care for him, since he is no longer his student. This is okay. There’s nothing illegal or even questionable about this. Right?
“All I’m hearing is if this Winchester boy wasn’t your student, you would already be fucking him on every surface in your house, and wouldn’t have time to chat to little old me. Am I right?”
“That’s it, it’s okay. I’m here, boy. Now,” He pressed against the muscles gently. “Rest your palms on the wall, so that you’re still stable, and widen your stance, shoulder-width apart for me,” Dean followed the instructions without any preamble at all, and it earned him an approving hum. “I think your clothes are probably a little too restrictive. What do you say to me at last getting rid of them?”
“He never said that to me,” Dean dropped his gaze down to his now-cold toast, still glaring. “He told me it was stupid to go off on a little joy-riding adventure just because I was ‘looking for a new thrill’. That wasn’t what I was doing, and he knew it,”
“Cas, I'm ― I'm so sorry.”
happen enough to last one lifetime, and he was used to the recurring nightmare.
The singular lightbulb hanging from the roof flickered in the otherwise darkened room. A wooden chair was bolted to the concrete floor, and chained in manacles covered in Devil’s Trap etchings, a demon sat. A demon sat and stared hard up at the ceiling. His black eyes were glistening in the light, mouth moving around inaudible words. He was covered in bloodied wounds, but the demon paid his vessel no mind. He was waiting. He was praying.
have told him to go fuck himself.”
“Cas,” His tongue snuck out to wet his lips, and Cas mirrored his movements slowly. Dean watched, enraptured, before he breathed out a sigh. “You’re gonna kill me with this patience, darlin’,”
“I might go and see Mom for a bit. I’ll tell her you’re here. She’ll want to see you, I know she will,” Jack got up and before Cas knew it, he had thrown his arms around Cas’ neck, pressing his cheek into the side of Cas’ face. “It’s so good to see you again, Dad.” He spoke like the sentence was a secret, and then he was gone.
The entire space was drenched in the sorbet sunset light, and drops of dew from the earlier rainfall had made the roof glisten like starlight. It seems a beautiful place for a beloved friendship to die.
“Ten, which won’t be too bad if I try and rest now,” Dean mumbled, dropping his gaze to his watch.
“Honestly, I don’t know much. I wasn’t around for very long after you called me. When we’d seen the darkness in the sky disappear, Sam and I went straight home. As soon as we had walked into the Bunker...
“Sure, because people are normally so
Dean drew in a deep breath, nodding into the angel’s palms. He still doesn’t feel like he deserves the gesture, more familiar with the brash sting of a slap than the tender touch of comfort. But he figures he might just have to get used to it.
But might I of Jove’s nectar sup,
had me. I’ve loved you for so long, Cas, but I just couldn’t...”
“That’s okay. I was going with my methods, when I should’ve been working with your methods,” Cas leveled his gaze on Dean, flicking down to watch Dean lick his lips again.
to him? He knew, of course, how the eldest Winchester brother dealt with emotional outbursts. He usually slammed the door of his bedroom and brooded to the dulcet tones of Jimmy Page’s crooning until he fell asleep, only to be roused by Cas wafting a cup of coffee under his nose and the promise to just...be with him, as he pushed down the emotion with every sip until he felt like a functioning member of society again.
‘Of course. She’s fucking smart, that’s for sure,’ Dean kept pacing around the circle slowly, gaze meeting Castiel. To an untrained eye, Cas would appear indifferent to what he’s witnessing, but Dean knows better. The mild twitch in the angel’s left hand gave him away― he was
“Hard not to, when you’re screaming them at me,” Cas tilted his head, eyebrow raised. Dean chuckled.
,” Dean sighed, and Cas gave him a strange look.
“How’s Sam?” Dean asked, voice void of emotion. Cas shared a weighted look with the hunter before answering.
There were no fireworks, no screaming choirs, no confetti. It was peace, tranquil, gentle. Dean kissed him, and it was as if Cas’ entire being sighed out: ‘Oh, there you are. Welcome home.’ Cas followed Dean’s lips, his hands reaching up to caress his cheek. Dean smiled into Cas, and the angel could hear Dean’s heartbeat slow down to a steady pace. It warmed him to know he could soothe the hunter so easily. Cas smiled back as he felt Dean tentatively widen their kisses, subtlety pressing his tongue against the angel’s lips. He welcomed the deeper kisses, snaking his arm around Dean’s waist, and trailing his hand from the hunter’s cheek to the back of his head. He gently pulled on Dean’s hair and was rewarded with a groan.
This was going to be one hell of a trip. They were all locked and loaded, with proper sustenance for those who needed it. No way to avoid it now.
popular category on Pornhub, and I get the student side of it. There’s a power trip there, too, Cas. The knowledge that, out of everyone in the class,
Dean. “Baby, what’s wrong?” His hands clasped gently onto Cas’ cheeks, and the warmth of it was too much like the real thing, Cas wanted to cry.
“I do know that, Dean,” He kept his voice gentle, locking his eyes onto Dean’s, unwavering. “He knows that too. We are all aware of the situation we’re in, and there’s no way of fixing the distance without causing massive cosmic dissonance, and you know Jack would hate that,” He paused to let his words sink in. “But I’m here for you, and I’m there for Sam, too. That has never, and will never, change. I am the Winchester guardian, and I take my role seriously. You understand that. So, understand this,” He reached over and wrapped his hand around Dean’s clenched fist. The warmth from Cas’ hands sent a tremble rocking through Dean’s arm, and the hunter softened some. “I will do everything in my power to make sure Sam can survive a world without you in it.”
“Dean, I don’t know if I’m holding the gun right,” He tightened his hands around the bottom of the gun, feeling the cool metal heat up from his sweating palms.
A loud bounding knock echoed through the rooms and corridors of the Bunker. Without a second thought, everybody in the kitchen made a hasty retreat towards the War Room, where Sam and Dean pulled out their trusted sawed-off shotguns. Cas pulled out his angel blade, and Eileen armed herself with one of the many guns stashed away in the Bunker. Another loud boom crashed against the Bunker’s door, and the four of them watched in horror as the heavy metal door swung open to reveal…
“Uh, hello,” He mumbled. The dog tilted his head curiously before getting up to investigate. “I’m a friend, I promise,” Castiel crouched down and held out a gentle hand for the dog to sniff as he got closer. There was something in his scent that must’ve appeased the small thing because he let out a happy little bark before rubbing his face into Castiel’s hand.
, and gave Dean a wry smile.
’ Michael had said, staring at Cas. Why was he staring at Cas? Anguish swallowed Dean’s words, and he choked on his question. There was no use asking― Cas won’t answer him. He wasted that opportunity when he breathed the words ‘You’re dead to me’.
“Good boy. You ready?”
“I think you already know the answer to the question,” He reached out, gently touching the curve in Dean’s neck, feeling the pulse thrashing violently against the hunter’s skin. “Are you angry with me?” The venom in Dean’s green eyes looked vicious, but there was a softness there too.
“I know you will, and it’s one of the many reasons why I love you.” The words rolled off his tongue so easily, it took Cas by surprise. Dean gently pulled on his jacket, bringing their lips together.
“You said the one thing you want was something you can’t have,” He murmured. “But sweetheart, you always had it. You
, around you…it reminds me of how I acted with Jess,” Cas turned to Sam, tilting his head in consideration. Sam felt his smile widen yet again. “He loved you, too.” Blue eyes met hazel in a blaze of deliberation.
“I didn’t drink that night, Cas can vouch for that, and
********
deep voice came from someone he was allowed to be attracted to. He smiled warmly at Benny, who raised an eyebrow. “Dean?”
“Not exactly. He filled out his usual log report, and the report made its way to Ketch, which in turn made its way to me,” Mary tutted. “You know I have eyes everywhere,”
“Never took you for a slushie fan,”
The only thing Dean recognized from the slush of liquid thrown into his mouth was the sweet sting of cherry-flavored Kool Aid. Everything else in the mixture was sharp and foreign to him.
“She is no longer an Amazonian. Amara removed Lydia’s DNA and replaced it with traces of my angelic grace. She’s a Nephilim,” Cas glanced at Dean, and gently took hold of Emma’s offered hand. Her eyes glowed that gorgeous angelic blue in time with her father’s flaring grace. “She’s mine, she’s Dean’s,” Cas pressed a gentle kiss on Emma’s forehead before turning back to Sam. “Sam, meet Emma Winchester,”
I’ve ever thought of you doing to me?” He took in a deep breath, inwardly thrilling at the sensation of chemicals rushing through his body. “Because I’ve had a
looking so comfortable in
“Nothing,” He breathed out, and Cas shook his head. “Yes, I am, Cas. I’m nothing without them,”
So, turns out writing out a plan makes me SUPER KEEN for the story. Who knew?
“Aw, please, Cas?” One look at those gorgeous green eyes and lightly flushed cheeks had Cas melting faster than ice in a firestorm.
“Your Highness, whatever you intend to apologise for, save it. I understand your motives completely. But,
?’ Cas frowned. ‘That’s not possible.’
‘Yes, Sam?’ Dean didn’t bring his gaze to his brother, determined to keep his eyes on the phone, hands gripping the back of the chair in front of him.
“No,” Benny spoke hesitantly, even if his lips curled up in a half-smile. “Not really, Your Highness.”
?” Cas breathed as he turned his gaze back to Dean, still swathed in golden light. Dean smiled at Cas, and Castiel knew all the holy hosts of heaven could never compare to the love he had for the man in front of him. “You’re here?”
“He was going out of his way to make you uncomfortable by flirting with you. Pretty sure he suggested you...uh, ‘blow him’? And I seem to recall the phrase “Last person who looked at me like that―””
“Dean?” Cas breathed, and he realized he shouldn’t have spoken at all. The Shadow flickered from brown eyes to emerald ones, and her shape twisted and morphed until she resembled Dean as Castiel last saw him.
Dean fully expected Benny to still be in a grovelling defence when they reunited after Thursday’s dinner debacle, but he wasn’t expecting him to be quite so...
“Cas, I need you.” Dean’s eyes looked almost feverish as he dug his nails into Cas’ back. Castiel moaned and pulled Dean’s lips back to his. Who was he to ignore such a request?
“Ah, mm, ha,” Dean moaned, not being able to tear his gaze away from the watchful crowd. But the relief of slowly being filled by Cas was almost enough to make him crave being alone. Only for a moment, however, as Castiel’s grace flared out and run up between the angel’s chest and Dean’s back. The hunter could feel something like fingernails digging into his back, and slowly dragging down. Castiel was scratching down his back with his
‘No,’ Dean scoffed, twitching slightly. Sam raised an eyebrow. ‘Wasn’t like Thelma and Louise, and wasn’t a fucking duckling thing, come on. It was more like...’ He frowned as Sam smirked insistently. ‘Shut up. He was scrambling for some quality Winchester brother time, and I didn’t exactly give up the goods, probably strung him along a little too much. Not that he didn’t deserve it, either,’ Dean smirked. His phone started vibrating, and he rolled his eyes as the Call-ID popped up. ‘Speak of the...well,’ He chuckled, placing his phone on the table and giving a dirty look.
“Dean?”
“You are my sweet, beautiful,
“You wanted this, didn’t you?” Cas panted out, still slowly fucking Dean’s face, rubbing his thumb along Dean’s cheek, wiping away the drying tears. “You wanted me to fill you up completely. You could probably come like this,” He murmured, eyes widened in amazement. He tightened the tie against Dean’s throat, setting off another string of moans around his cock. “
“Don’t put all your eggs into one basket, Your Highness. What if you find you’ve settled for Benny when your best option was actually just around the corner the whole time?” Charlie tutted at him. Dean rolled his eyes, ignoring the irony of Cas waltzing into the room at that very moment to announce Crowley’s arrival.
“But what I was looking at was the, ah…bruising on your neck there, Dean,” Innocence never looked right on Benny. Dean had seen that smile only a few times when they were running in Purgatory together, and both times, it was because Benny was toying with him. Dean rolled his eyes.
The smell of the leather, the slight creak in her door, the distinct rumble as Dean started up her engine...she was the exact same as he remembered her. He took a seat and exhaled.
Wow,” Dean let out a whistle, skimming over the rest of the article. “This is basically a campaign piece for Cas to quit his job and become a lord,” He glanced over at his bodyguard in question, who remained as stoic as ever. But Dean could tell, from the slight tinge of pink in Castiel’s cheeks, he was mildly affected by the words Becky had written. The man was standing way too rigidly, even by Castiel’s standards.
“And?” She cocked an eyebrow. “You need a time to enjoy good food?” Sam shook his head, a smile tilting his lips upwards. “If you want, I’ll mix up some salsa and some salad, too. We can pretend it’s a proper dinner,”
about Sam that he could glean from the Men of Letters archives and watchful eyes, and yet he’s still just...there. He still wants to know
“But you wouldn’t worry too much if Viscount Shurley’s invitation got lost in the mail, would you, Novak?” Dean smirked at Cas' answering silence, giving Head of Security, Bobby, a nod as he continued walking towards his mother’s Tea Room. He knew she’d be there. She always is when she wanted to talk to him. He ignored the great paintings of past kings and queens dressing the main hall as they slowly made their way into the Tea Room.
The rain ran down Dean’s hotel room window, chasing away any lingering warmth he pulled from the now-empty whiskey bottle the concierge offered to him at the front desk. He didn’t drink all of it in one night, that would be reckless and stupid. No. He drank it over a period of two days, thank you very much.
“Cas,” God, even the
The storm clouds were well and truly rolling in, and Dean felt electric excitement course through his veins at the thought of steering his beautiful monster up and down the highway, taking him to... wherever he wanted. But what he truly wanted was Sam.
How can he tell his angel that he’s terrified of screwing up and losing both of them to the wrath of Lucifer? How can he tell Castiel that he’s seen the ones he loves die in front of him too many times to find comfort in the now when there’s always a chance fate decides to snatch them away from him again? How can he find the strength to continue living without the fear of becoming just like his father? He doesn’t want to be like his father, he can’t be like his father, he would rather
“Dean,” Cas deliberated for a moment, keeping his eyes firmly on Dean’s face to try and catch the student’s expressions. “Is everything okay at home? Is it something you want to talk about but feel like you can’t?” Castiel wasn’t an idiot. He had seen Dean pull up to school some days with heavy bags under his eyes, and there was more than one occasion where the man had come into class rocking a few bruises on his hands and face. Whenever Cas would bring it up, Dean would shrug it off as ‘just messing around with some friends’, but there was always a brief moment, a skittish flicker in Dean’s eyes, that made Cas nervous.
“I deserve to know what I’m being protected from, Castiel.” That effectively silenced any more protests from Cas. Dean tore the envelope open and began to read out loud. It was a simple letter, only three paragraphs.
didn’t deserve Cas, and he knew his friend didn’t deserve to be treated wrongly, by him or by anybody. Dean was going to desert him, and that was going to be hard enough as friends. If he let that final restraint snap, the goodbye would be all the more devastating.
“That sounds brilliant, Dean. You know I’d love anything you get for me,” Cas closed the journal, and picked up the photo that had fallen. It was a photo of Sam, Dean and Cas. He smiled fondly as he remembered Jack playing around with the camera Sam had gifted him. The photo was taken with Dean leaning up against the Impala, and Sam smiling directly at the camera. But Dean wasn’t looking at Jack and the camera. Cas’ heart thudded heavily as he realised Dean was smiling and looking at
“Yeah, well, how you think I felt when I watched the only one I’ve ever loved storm out because they thought
“For what?”
“Sorry, Mom,” He approached her to kiss her on the cheek before taking a seat on the couch next to his nervous-looking brother. Sam was only a few years younger than Dean, but at first glance, anybody would think Sam was older. He towered over Dean now, and Dean hated it. “Parliament ran longer than expected. Is everything okay?” A weighted silence settled over the room, and Dean glanced between Sam, Mary and Mary’s Chief of Staff, Arthur. Sam and Arthur gave Dean worried looks, but Mary looked like she was close to screaming bloody murder.
The lightbulb continued to flicker over the empty human body before the globe smashed as the door pulled shut.
his hand against Dean’s throat. “I’m sorry, what was that? I didn’t quite hear you, use your words,
“Nothing, uh. We’re eight hours away, so we might take a bit to get there. I’ll just get Cas to give me the run-down as we’re traveling,”
. The same for him? He doesn’t need another sibling. He has Sam. A brief flash of hope towards Adam being sprung from the Cage occurred to him, but Amara hadn’t known anything about that. She had called them ‘bound’, but Dean never really saw it like that. Although he supposes, she probably did mean more to him than your average big bad villain, his strange relationship with Crowley notwithstanding.
“I get it, Cas. You and Dean have a more― what was it, ‘Profound bond’?” Cas let go of a breath he wasn’t aware he was holding.
tell me at least some of them suggested Chris Evans or Emilie Clarke,”
, move on, move on. Dean swayed again on the spot as he wrenched his heart out from the cage he built. He wandered slowly towards the mouth of the cave, not willing to leave the safety of it just yet.
one who knew the hell his father put him through, in its entirety. There were still some things Dean couldn’t bring himself to tell Sam, purely because of the conditioning his father put him under.
“I’m so sorry, Dean. It was an accident.” Sam held up his hands in defeat. “I’ll clean it, I promise, I-“
“Dean,” Cas whispered, aware of Dean’s marvelling stare. Dean raised his eyebrows with a soft smirk. “Look up at the stars.” Dean wanted to say he could see them reflected in Cas’ eyes, but that would’ve betrayed him too much. So he heeded Cas’ words, resting his hand palm up in the space between them. They sat and watched the stars glisten. Silence shone golden as Dean felt Cas’ fingers tentatively thread between his. Hope.
“I advise you to not,” Castiel’s voice came from behind Dean, but not how Dean recognized it. There was an ethereal chorus in his voice, with echoes of sharp nails running down a chalkboard. His hunter instincts screamed
‘You think if he knew, he would’ve gotten rid of it. But we should seek him out anyway,’ He considered. ‘I did promise him I’d kill him,’
a movie, since you’re so clearly crawling up the walls?”
“Sammy,” Dean croaked out.
’ as he fucked into Dean hard and fast.
worked up,’ He huffed a laugh, watching Joe’s eyes stream with bloody tears. Dean got some salt in his eyes. Good.
“No, it was just a meet-and-greet at a public garden,” He rolled his eyes. “Honestly, I’m not feeling up to anything public today,”
Dean exhaled slowly as he turned to face the one in front of him. As he watched the light dim, he noticed a thick black peacoat, a black fisherman’s cap, and the piercing blue gaze of the only supernatural creature other than Cas and Jack Dean would wholeheartedly call his family.
“Oh no, you better not drool on me, I plan on wearing this shirt to dinner with my family tonight,” Benny tutted. “Drool on your boy
“Yes,” Dean remained silent as he watched Cas blink, a look of realization coloring his face brighter than the Sun. “I…”
‘First time was probably when I first met you,’ Heat coursed through Dean’s veins as he remembered the shameful thoughts he had at the first sight of Cas’ wings in that barn. ‘I didn’t care if Bobby was lying there unconscious, I didn’t care if you were going to fucking destroy me then and there. All I wanted to do was fall to my knees and let you fuck my mouth until you came down my throat,’ A moan came unbidden from Dean’s throat as Cas’ nails scratched near his collarbone.
I was trying to aim for roughly the same amount of words for this second chapter, but it seems I couldn't do enough braining to make the words go. Oh well.
“Before I do,” Dean could feel a little bit of his old bravado coming back. “I have to know, and I know it’s rude to ask, but―”
“You,” Dean licked his lips, hands shaking slightly. “You lied to me,”
“Only about fifty, and most of them revolved around being hot for teacher,” He shook his head. “Honestly, if I didn’t know better, I’d say she’s projecting,”
that would cause the faculty to raise their eyebrows― and that includes pashing, you deviant― then I’ll back off and stop teasing,”
“Sam,” Cas raised an eyebrow. “When was the last time you dreamt of the Cage?”
. As soon as the idea was presented to them in the form of a missed period and a heart-stopping pregnancy scare that almost had him reaching for his phone to call Dean, Sam dashed all hopes of having children. He could barely look after himself at that age, let alone someone who would be wholly dependent on him.
“Dean, you’re not in my debt. I hope you’re not going to go out of your way to find a way to repay me for your room or something,”
'Dean,' Cas glowered. There was a slight crackle in the air, and Sam felt his hair stand on end. ‘Don’t lie to me.’ Dean let out an empty laugh.
Dean pretended not to notice Castiel pacing behind him half the time. It was always better than the alternative. But as he braced himself for the crowd outside the doors of the palace, he found himself listening to Cas’ footsteps to calm himself down.
With that, Dean closed his bedroom door. He tried not to feel hurt at the soft rejection, shaking himself off, stripping out of his clothes and climbing under the covers. He laid the letters out in front of him, picking up Benny’s first, a small smile on his face.
“I’ll find a place to stay before the order comes into effect. I’ll just crash here tonight, and then I’ll see if Ellen might be able to...”
“Didn’t they name her Emma? Is this...” Cas turned his focus to Dean. “You have some explaining to do,”
“Dean?!” Sam’s voice was a garbled mix of panic, relief, and mild annoyance. “Why didn’t you call me as soon as it was all over? Jesus Christ, I thought you were
,” Benny pulled Dean close enough that Dean could feel the burly man’s breath dance across his face.
“Whatever, but I guarantee you, whatever plant it is you’re after, it’ll be there,” He paused. “What
“Yes, darling?” Cas murmured into his skin, and a soft moan escaped Dean’s lips. Damn him. “Are you okay, Dean? Your heart rate is erratic,” If Dean was anybody else, he would’ve thought Cas was seriously concerned about the beats of his heart. But the hunter could see the mirth in the angel’s eyes, and the slight quiver in his concerned frown.
“What? Why?” Sam raised an eyebrow. Cas gave him a sheepish grin.
“What about you, Dean?” Jack helped himself to some corn chips coated in guacamole. Dean tilted his head in askance. “What are you going to do with your freedom?” He spoke through a full mouthful of guac.
True to form, Cas informed Charlie of Dean’s issues, and the prince spent the rest of the day hiding away from both Mary and Sam. Dean knew, however, he wouldn’t be able to avoid his royal duty to find a better option than Lady Carmen Porter. So, he put on a brave face and went along to his other three scheduled dates with Lady Cassandra Robinson.
; the gentle murmur of soft voices, a jovial laugh off in the distance, low-thudding music. The air smelled different too, like the cotton-candy and vanilla scent they mix in with smoke machines. Dean could smell the sweat and sex surrounding him.
He put the photo back, and the pile of papers balled up in and around the bin caught his eye. One of the balls had his name stretched across it, all crumpled and messy. A small voice in the back of his head told him to leave it alone, it was meant to be binned. But he never listened to that voice before, so why would he start now?
Dean finally has both.
“Lead the way, my Lord.”
*********
After a mildly awkward breakfast involving Sam walking in on Dean perched on the edge of the kitchen counter with his legs wrapped around Cas, trading very heavy-handed kisses, the two brothers and the angel settled into a quiet morning.
Well. That was the final chink in the weakened guard he had surrounding his friendship with Dean. There was no way this was just an amicable friendship now. They were locked together, for at least three weeks.
“I didn’t want to, sir, believe me. But Bobby asked me to check the letters before we gave them to you, for security reasons, of course,”
louder than that, come on, Joe,’ He picked up the holy water bottle, opening the lid just so a small spritz could escape. He squeezed the bottom of the bottle, aiming for the open wound.
“I want you, Dean. What do you want from me?” He continued his ministrations on Dean’s skin, kissing further down to run his tongue along the curve of his pectoral muscle.
‘Touché, bitch.’ Sam mirrored his brother’s grin.
“If you truly believe that, Sam Winchester, then you don’t know just how far Dean was willing to go to put you first,” Cas hesitated, considering his words carefully. “If you had even
“I need you to hear me. I know it may take a long time for you to believe me, but please just hear me,” Cas waited until Sam nodded slowly before continuing. “You are
Ah. There it is. The tiny thread-of-rope offer for Dean to pull himself out of subspace if he wanted. All he needed to do was refuse to give an honest answer, or no answer at all. But he was prepared this time.
“Dean?”
“Would that bother you?” There was a small huff of laughter from the phone.
about me running away that day eight years ago has a direct link to Dad’s death. Except, if it weren’t for me―”
“Ah, she’s finally tried talking to you too, that’s a relief. I was worried you wouldn’t have been able to hear her,”
“If I may ask, my Lord, how did you know orchids were Dean’s favourites, and sunflowers were mine?” Castiel’s tone was the warm-honey-on-gravel noise Dean recognized as pleased and flattered. There was a slight twinge in his gut at the recognition. Before this moment, that was a tone only
“CASTIEL!” Sam bolted upright, arms flying out as cold sweat dripped down his back. A gentle hand touched his neck, directly over his erratic pulse. Sam opened his eyes to see the paled face of Cas staring back, washed by an angelic glow.
“I...” The words began to set in under his skin. Castiel was marking his skin with the words. The crowd surrounding them became slightly rowdier at Dean’s hesitation, and Cas tightened his grip around Dean’s neck. “I am worthy of love,” Cas’ hand loosened, and Dean was rewarded with a gentle swoop of Cas’ grace down and over his skin, leading to press gently against his open hole. He moaned at the sensation, and Dean could hear the smile in Cas’ voice when he spoke next.
“But, you’re the crown prince,”
“Oh,”
“Kaia is good for her,”
His breathing became hollowed out and cold. A gentle hand touched Dean’s cheek, glowing a warm gold, not unlike Cas when he heals. Dean looked to see Emma’s eyes sparkling green with flecks of that graceful blue shimmering through. A slow-churning warmth spread from Dean’s cheek down his neck towards his heart. Was she doing this? Was she causing a heart attack?
“You’re drifting, Sam,” Mick remained gentle, his voice washing over Sam. “Where’s your mind right now?”
Castiel’s words were alive in his head. Dean could feel them playing on a loop, like a stuck record.
“Cas, Cas, Cas, Cas,” The hunter breathed, eyes shining.
“Come on, Sammy, out with it. What’s got you staring?” He raised an eyebrow. Sam broke out into a massive grin, taking a deep drink from his coffee cup before he answered.
“So, I take it you liked Sonnet 57, then?” Dean didn’t need to look at Cas to know he had that proud little smirk he always wore when he was proven right.
“He never let you go hungry, though, didn’t he?” Cas tilted his head with a knowing glint in his eyes. Sam nodded, his smile turning down sadly.
‘You mentioned Alistair. You...’ Cas paused, squinting at Dean. ‘You talked about being back in Hell,’
'Yeah, Castiel,' Cas flinched at the sound of his name spilling from Dean's lips with such venom. 'Tell my brother he's only going backwards,' The angel steeled his emotions as he scanned over Dean's twisted soul. There was something still flickering there, but it was so shadowed, Cas could barely see it.
“Alright, I’m gonna go have a quick shower. Cas,” Dean cocked his fingers up like guns before pretending to shoot at him. “I’ll see
“Why’d you say that?” Dean tilted his head at Benny, who smirked.
like him, but he was holding a full glass of beer in the hand not gripping the other man’s neck. That doesn’t sound right. Dean
“I’d be jealous if you consider him more a friend than me,” He offered Cas a lazy smirk, and Cas couldn’t hold back his chuckle.
“Try being honest with him, and spare no detail,” Jack gave him a small wave. “I promise you, I’m not like Chuck, I won’t listen in.” Dean reached up and ruffled his hair before quietly slipping away.
“I’m alright, Emma’s doing alright,”
He found he could live for himself, and that would be enough. He would be enough.
“That is the plan,” Dean glanced towards Cas, who kept a stoic look on his face. Anybody would think the words barely even registered with the man, but Dean noticed the slight twitch in his jaw. Castiel was
. Dean choked on his breath as he wrenched his hands from his face. He scrambled to his feet and spun around. There he was, the same as he always had been. Windswept hair, backwards tie, trench coat dirtied by who knows what. Eyes full of stars. Dean’s tears cascaded yet again, but he was laughing. Trembling. Shaking. Cas pulled him in, and Dean collapsed. “I heard you. Do you mean it?”
“I’m sorry, I hope you don’t feel...”
, Cas,” He breathed, and Cas stared up, fucking
As he walked in, Benny maintained proper etiquette, keeping his head low until Mary gave him a returning courteous nod. He gave Dean and Sam each a bow, until Dean beamed at him, offering his hand. Benny pressed a gentle kiss onto the top of Dean’s hand with a soft smile.
There was a hyperlink in the message, and Cas felt his cheeks go dark red. He could understand enough of the link to know not to open it in the kitchen, especially with Dean so close by. He locked his phone and turned towards his alcohol cabinet.
“Oh,” He breathed out. “I heard you, Cas. Your words came through to me, loud and clear. All these years of my life, you were right, I spent believing I was everything you told me I wasn’t. Cas, in,” He licked his lips, words trying to choke in his throat. He had to keep going. “You undid
of losing you!”
‘Should we check into a motel?’ Sam stared out the passenger window as they sped through the city, and Dean muttered something nonsensical about traffic. ‘Dean?’
He still heard the prayers, though.
“Well then, probably don’t want to get to the bad memories,” Dean mumbled.
“Eileen,” Sam barely breathed, too afraid his words might take her away from him as well. Cas reached for Sam’s shoulder and gave him the smallest of pushes towards her. That gave the taller man motivation enough to reach for her, wrap his arms around Eileen’s lithe frame, and lift her high enough so she could rest her chin on his shoulder. He lowered her back onto the ground, but still, they clung to each other.
“Well, look at us. What a coupla’ saps,” He breathed out, bringing his hand to trap Cas’ tears on his fingers. The smile on Cas’ face grew wider, as he mirrored his hunter's movements.
“You don’t belong in the Empty anymore, Castiel,” Dean spoke over The Shadow’s angry hisses. “You belong back in the real world, with me.” With that, he pulled Cas in.
“I could hear Emma from the other side of Lebanon, Dean. My grace is her grace, we’re finely attuned with each other,” He tilted his head as he considered. “Also, I think it has something to do with that protective instinct we learned about earlier. I will never lose our daughter, unless there’s some sort of sigil to tamper with the connection,” They both shared a knowing look.
‘Right this way, sirs,’ The female valet gave them a warm smile, and Dean noticed her dark eyes lingered a moment longer on Cas. She was pretty enough, with brunette curls held back with a butterfly headpiece, and she had that hourglass figure that would be enough to pique Dean’s interest, usually. But there was a coy smile on her coral-pink lips, entirely directed at Cas, as she walked beyond the desk to escort them. A flickering heat simmered low in his belly, and he glared at the back of the woman’s head as they made their way slowly up the stairs towards the elevator. She waited as the boys entered the mirrored box that was to take them skyward.
“Can you give him a hug from me? And just tell him,” He took in a trembling breath. “Tell him I’m getting there. Tell him I miss him. Tell him―”
“How-how old are you?” His question earned him another deep, rumbling chuckle.
“That’s putting it lightly.” Benny murmured, still awestruck. Dean laughed before pulling another sip of water from his bottle. He glanced towards the door and spotted Cas staring straight at Dean through the window, giving him a disbelieving shake of the head.
‘Cas?’ Sam called, watching the angel let out a heavy sigh as he let Dean go. The man slumped forward, breathing laboured. ‘Dean?’ Sam swallowed nervously. Cas came back around to stand next to Sam, and they waited.
“Love, look at me,” Cas brought his hands to Dean’s cheeks, softly cupping them and forcing his focus on those holy blue eyes that he pins all his faith and trust in. “You are
“Cas,” Dean pulled himself up. He had to say it now, while he was still on a roll. “Cas, I’m so sorry I didn’t say anything back to you. Turns out freedom ain’t much if I don’t have you by my side, sweetheart,” He cracked a smile, and Cas brightened considerably at the pet name. “And hey, maybe this is just wishful thinking, but I’d like to think we can take this time to make it right, ya know? Like, we could get a cottage in the woods, or even a little villa by the sea. Honestly, we could stay right here if you wanted. I don’t care, just as long as I’ve got you with me, I know everything will be alright,” He paused, noticing Cas hadn’t said anything back. He held out his hands for the angel to take, only if he wanted. “Are we alright?”
“Yes?” Cas tilted his head.
“I heard them all. Even the ones you made in your sleep. Until that first night, I thought―” The words sounded like they were choking in Cas’ throat, and the angel avoided Dean’s eyes.
. Dean decided that was his new favourite expression, and this time, nobody else would get Cas to make that expression except him. Future spouse be damned.
watching Dean behave this way. If Dean wasn’t so focused on unnerving Joe, he would’ve cooed mockingly at his angel. Instead, he came to the decision. If Castiel was going to be nervous about his torture methods, Dean might as well give him a worthwhile show.
“Cas, did you want something to drink?” Jack turned to look back at his father. Cas politely shook his head. “Dean?” The ex-hunter must’ve shaken his head as well because Jack smiled before burying his head back into the coolness of the fridge. Cas watched as Jack made his way back to them with a handful of grapes, taking a seat on Cas’ right side. They shared a warm smile. “How are you, Cas?”
“Alrighty then, I’m gonna make myself scarce,” Sam averted his gaze, a nervous twitch in his hands. “Eileen said she wanted to spend the weekend visiting Waconda Lake, so I might just get a head-start on the getaway.” With that, he gave Cas an awkward salute and waltzed out the door.
fond of you,” He gestured to the earthy pastures out in front of him. “Clearly,”
“Thank you, Your Majesty, for graciously inviting me into your home,” Benny reflected her smile, and Dean was struck by how
“You think I don’t know how far to push you, Dean?” He pulled his fingers slowly out of Dean’s entrance, making Dean let out a wanton moan. “You think I don’t know how much you need this? How much you
“Yes, Your Majesty. The Prince didn’t have any alcohol that night, and he was never anywhere near the Governor or his son. But he is right about the models, ma'am,” Dean shot Cas a faux betrayed look, and Cas gave him the smallest of smirks.
“You are strong,” Another slap, across the left cheek, at the same intensity. Dean panted out a small ‘ah’ before sucking in a breath.
was to be his office? He shook his head, before changing the space with his mind. Everything else in Heaven was nearly sorted― the walls were knocked down, everybody was free to visit each other whenever they wanted, and they could achieve true peace. He and Castiel had achieved in making a heaven worthy of the Winchesters, for the far future when they were to finally rest their heads. Castiel would only available half the time, mainly whenever Dean was asleep, which would be more than enough for Jack. Together they could make the perfect Heaven. But the office where Chuck had probably once used as a respite from his angels and the prayers was more imposing than Rowena’s version of Hell. That wouldn’t do.
“What? What is it?” She gave him a hesitant smile, and Sam thought not for the first time how grateful he is to have ever met her.
“Bridge Tower Place, 401 E 60
prayed to Jack?” Dean sounded deflated, and Sam turned to Dean with a confused frown.
As they wandered into the War Room, Cas was confused to find Dean leaning back on one of the chairs, legs crossed up on the table, with a book in hand.
“I’m yours, I’m your sweet, beautiful, good boy,
to wipe that ridiculous smirk off his face.
“Weak?” Dean nodded again. “Go back to bed. The doctor will be here as soon as the sun rises,” Together they shared a small smile.
“Did Crowley send you a full
“Oh, you didn’t tell lover boy about your little deal, didn’t you? Of course, you didn’t, because you knew he would’ve hated it,” They took a silent step towards Dean, who tightened his grip on his weapon. “You see, Winchester, I am the ‘Shadow in the Empty’, or just simply ‘The Empty’, whatever you want to call me. Your boy Castiel here came to me once, and he woke me up. I tried my hardest to get him to shut up, but he wouldn’t do it, now would he?” The Empty gave Castiel a wry look. “Very persistent, this angel is. Very…annoying. So I kicked him out. Thought that would be the last time I’d see him, and I could go back to sleep. But no,” They sighed. “I ran into him when I was trying to collect your baby boy, Jack. Cute, powerful, little Jack. And before I got a chance to take what was mine, Cas―”
“Really?” Dean scrunched up his face, grinning when Emma let out a bubbly laugh. “I think she looks a lot like Cas, especially when she’s all glowy,” He fluttered his fingers in the air. Emma turned her gaze to Sam and frowned. “It’s okay, honey. This is your uncle Sammy,” Fear knotted his stomach.
