"Jesus, Pete, scare a girl, don't ya?"
"Thank you."
yellow commented inside of his head. Wade's eyes nearly bulged out of his head. Clearing his throat, he pointed over his shoulder to the hallway behind him. "Oh, um, the bathroom is the door on the right, just so you, uh, know.." Peter, once more, smiled thinly, nodded his head, and set out for the door on the right.
Nodding his head, Peter apologized. "Sorry, sir."
The lyrics continued until it got to the chorus. By then, neither Natasha or Peter could hold back from singing.
Hey guys! Sorry for the 'short' hiatus on the book, I do apologize. Updates should be more regular now, but no promises on that. In case you were wondering, the song that I mentioned above is called; 'Dysfunctional' by Tech N9ne featuring Big Scoob & Krizz Kaliko.
-- but he went on with his life, acting as if he
. "I'm coming, I'm coming, hold your socks." he spoke. Wade rolled his eyes before stepping forwards to zip up the dark red coat that Peter so idiotically left unzip in the middle of
But most of all, he was tired of
"Call Wade," he said.
"Activating Override Code B-39C. Pulling up the footage now, sir." Nodding into the air, Tony watched as the television in front of him flickered on. The first camera was in the elevator -- and what he saw
Happy New Years, guys!
of all things is missing."
"There is no reason to feel uneasy, child. We are no threat." Death spoke, reassuring Peter.
"What do you have, Wilson?" Rhodes asked.
Since she found out about Thor's first battle, she felt a strong punch to the gut.
Tony tsked, "Ah, see, that's where you're wrong, Clint." Peter knitted his eyebrows together, but continued to listen in. "Steve said the word important, therefore, he
You have no idea how much this means to me.
everything alright? you're not patrolling again, are you?
Parker didn't speak for a moment. He sort of zoned out. His breathing made no progress of slowing down, either. "Because I'm a disgrace."
Peter walked into the hospital, a worried expression on his face. Though that was normal, seeing he
"Oh my god -- what the fuck are you making? This is breaking nearly ALL of the
(See the end of the chapter for
"Clint, call Bruce and tell him that we're bringing someone in who is seriously injured and needs medical attention right away. Don't let them know it's Peter -- and do
of Pete's room?" Steve said as he sat up straighter in his rolling chair. "Someone's going to have to either get them to come out or someone's going to have to go in."
"Which one are you?"
"I can just
"Because," Death empathized, "We cannot send you back to Midgard without your permission, or we would have already done it the second you appeared here."  Nodding his head, Peter stared at the ripple of scenery in front of him, his heart shattering into tiny, microscopic pieces by every millisecond.
Clearing his throat, Wade stiffed his posture and pretended to read off of a giant scroll. "First up is the Superhusbands (though I prefer Stucky better. But that's for another timeline, I guess), Captain Sexy and Iron Dad. Next, my second favourite spider and your inamorato. Then, Bruce and Thor (and
"Call him -- please," Natasha spoke, her voice final.
With this, he carefully caressed Peter's face, causing his eyes to open softly. Quietly, he started to squirm. "It's okay, Petey, 'm not gonna hurt you."
"How come
. He could hardly see from his teared vision. Slowly, he began to take one step back, and then another. The voice of Tony calling after him becoming fainter and fainter, the sound of his sobbing becoming increasingly louder as he gasped for air.
{I swear on the author's life, if we get one more paper cut--}
Now with a mission in their focus, the team split off to either grab their gear or suit up (and for some, both). Wade sighed when he noticed it was only Thor and Loki left with him, seeing they could just transform into their suits.
“Oh, God, not another science geek.” Clint groaned, throwing his head backwards.
"Well, kid, work harder. This would put a damper on your college application. Now, go home. It's been a busy day." Nodding, Peter retreated back to the boys locker room, noticing it was empty. Well, all except for one person.
Parker sat down by his boyfriend, carefully holding onto the box in his coat jacket -- afraid he will loose it. "Sorry, babe." he apologized. "I didn't think you would scream." Wilson rolled his eyes before he stood up. Picking up the bags, the two boys talked and flirted all the way to their car. After placing it all in the backseat, Wade started the car and they drove off back to Wade's.
Cap shook his head. "I understand
to listen. When I 'died', I did it to just see if you would mourn me."
"That would be appreciated," they smiled. Nodding her head, Natasha looked back at the computer screen.
(See the end of the chapter for
and the Avengers have yet to see the two teenage boys.
“Your red shirt is hanging out of your backpack.” she smiled, nodding her head towards the red and blue fabric.
(please excuse minor [or major] grammatical mistakes and such. thank you.)
a short and ugly chapter.
"I leave them food at each meal time, every day," Wanda spoke, a frown on her face. "It's always in the same place. Outside the door and hardly touched. There are a few crumbs and such missing, but that's hardly noticeable unless you have good eyesight."
Peter smiled a small smile. A single, happy tear fell from his eye as the Avenger was pulled into a soft, reassuring hug.
Tony smirked. "Thank's, J. That's all for now."
He couldn't.
Then, the scenery changed.
All the young boy wanted to see was Aunt May opening his door with a smile on his face, telling him that dinner was almost ready and that she was making his favourite; spaghetti.
An awkward silence engulfed the two, which was surprising to say at the least, seeing Wade never shut up.
Peter simply watched as the doctors all shared a sad glanced with each other as they pulled up the white bed sheet above Aunt May's face after countless minutes of CPR and other things. "Please -- NO!"
"U-uh.. They're both e-equally good. But I prefer Star Wars mysel--"
Standing up, Clint placed his coffee pot on the table as he summoned a holographic city off the map, courtesy of Jarvis.
It was horrid.
“Y-yes, sir.” Peter mumbled, taking back his hand and shifting uncomfortable,
did she decide to be with you? You're funny and irresponsible -- she's not funny and -- and
"Are you having a panic attack? I think he's having a panic attack -- Bruce, he's having a panic attack!" Steve's eyes widened, looking between the startled young boy and the scientist.
Hope you enjoyed the chapter! I would like to say that I tried my best to do my research on this subject, but there is only so much facts and myths out there. Therefore, I may have left something out, or put something extra in. If you know for a fact about any of the realms, or people, and you know something is off/wrong, then please, let me know and I will be happy to fix it. Other than that, hope you enjoyed the chapter!
Spider-Man was the only good thing about Peter Benjamin Parker, and he didn't know how long he was going to last as him.
"Peter is a nice name." he commented in a whisper, his mask muffling his voice slightly. "So, Peter, am I right?" This time, Peter was silent. He didn't want to admit it, but, Deadpool was right. He had to tell someone, it was eating him up inside.
[I am surrounded by idiots.]
"You are between worlds, dear child. Between Valhalla, Helheim, and Midgard. We are here to greet you and await your decision." Death spoke, her posture straight and upright as she looked down at the smaller boy.
"I know this is the men's changing room. I am only going into my respective gender's changing room."
Spider-Man rolled his eyes, forgetting that the Merc couldn't see him, he let out an audible sigh, "Are you seriously going to keep asking that every time you see me on a roof?"
Parker held back a sigh. Did anyone really want to go back? Sure, he had Ned and MJ, which he has texted here and there over the break, but, to be honest, he didn't
Quickly, he was in and out in no longer than ten minutes. Stuffing the small box in his pocket, Peter speed walked back to Wade. He was still sitting at their table, exactly like he left him. Seeing his back was turned, Peter took this moment to sneak up on his boyfriend and tap his shoulder. Deadpool jumped ten inches out of his seat with a loud, high-pitched squeak. People's heads snapped to the pair, but Wade didn't pay any attention, and Peter tried not to. Turning around, Wade huffed a breath when he realized it was only Peter, his cheeks dusted red under his black and red hoodie.
"Okay, so, like," the merc started. "you know how in horror movies the people starring in them decides to be really dumb and split up?" The group nodded. "Like, who the fuck does that when a murder or scary ass ghost is chasing after them??? I mean, what's their thought process behind that? ''
"That's--
"Tony n-no! D-don't make me do this!" Wanda begged.
"What the hell are you guys doing here?" Tony questioned, already
Hey-O! Guess who's back again? That's right, me!
she paused.
Bruce, bless the man, cleared his throat, snapping the team out of their daze. And then, they set to work, all hovering over in a group to see Stark's every movement.
‘Holy Shit!’ he nearly said aloud, holding back a feminine fangirl-ish squeak.
Peter sighed, rubbing the his hand over the back of his neck. "I, uh, just guess I'm not one for sports, you know?" Jacoby raised his eyes before sighing as well.
"Hmm?" she questioned, looking up as she finished tying the hair tie.
Chewing on the inside of his lip, Wanda lead him over to her spot on the furniture, letting him take the spot and claiming the one next to him.
"Are you having fun, brother?" Thor questioned, eyebrow raised as he smiled happily.
(See the end of the chapter for
Wilson rolled his eyes as the oven beeped loudly. Springing up from his position, he ran (nearly tripping over the counter) towards the machinery and opened the door, revealing an arrange of many different, homemade treats. Smiling happily, he quickly placed on his Hello Kitty oven mitts and pulled it out of the oven and onto the counter top.
"Clint, call Bruce and tell him that we're bringing someone in who is seriously injured and needs medical attention right away. Don't let them know it's Peter -- and do
"Tony Stark."
"Are you fucking kidding me?" Tony growled from his spot. Banging his hands on the table, a stray coffee pot fell off of the table and splintered into a million pieces on the ground.
From the bottom of my heart, thank you. And Happy Thanksgiving! <3
Both boys finally ran out of tears, a headache the size of TrES-4 -- which was
"Do not make me bring forth your memories so I can see for myself. It is a bit
"Ned." Someone spoke. Looking up, he found the dreaded scene. Peter was on the floor crying, and by the looks of it, he's been like that for a while now. All of his favourite superheroes were around the teen as well.
But each day, I sit at my phone or laptop and just stare. I think maybe I dissociate sometimes, but I’m not too sure. It’s like I want to write, but I
-----
"Peter," Tony spoke quietly, his jaw clenched and throat dry.
i - I have never been inside Forever21, but I have shopped through their men's section via online; what I say about their floral patterns still stand.
. We don't know who MJ's killer is --
This time, Death spoke up. "Right now, we are between worlds. There are three different paths you can choose. You can choose to go back to Midgard, or, you can travel towards either Valhalla or Helheim." Peter's eyebrows scrunched together. This time, Hel sighed louder.
Well, that is until Tony entered the room once again. "What are you doing, Deadpool?"
"What was that? You're voice is so high I couldn't hear you."
"Aunt May..." Peter sobbed as he saw her.
Though Peter Parker was the first to find out about the death of Michelle Jones, Ned Leeds found out just as fast.
Thoughts raced against her mind as she continued to stare at nothing and everything. But everything and nothing came crashing in on her. Sitting up, Natasha ran a hand through her hair. Standing back up, she went back into her fighting stance and continued punching, kicking, and shouting.
Soon, the food arrived. Wade jumped up faster than an Olympic athlete, and Thor was silently excited. Tony had basically bought the restaurants food supply, seeing there was so many. But, again, Tony did prepare  ahead of time, seeing that they did have a people with appetites like crazy.
they were even listening in the first place
But Peter couldn't answer, his vision was fading and the voices that were once so close became farther and farther away. "Peter? Peter?" once again, no reply. "Damn it." she cursed, looking over her shoulder.
"Gasp!" Tony said aloud with all the dramatic flair of a Shakespearean actor on opening night. "Steven,
Once inside completely, he let out a small sigh, the tons of grocery bags in his hands becoming a bit too heavy and a bit too uncomfortable. Closing the door with his foot, he walked over towards his kitchen and
In Peter's eyes, Aunt May was Wonder Woman, to others than his self, not so much. But with every 'superhero', such as Wonder Woman her self, there is always some flaw about them. Aunt May's was being human, and being human doesn't protect you from everything.
Huffing, he slipped on a pair of jeans, before he struggled with his binder. While his body was still damp, the chest reducting binder caused friction against his body and the clothing, making him huff and puff as he pulled it down over his ‘area’.
"Oh, yes." Flash smiled evilly at the teen.
Loki appreciated his earrings, saying that they were a beautiful colour of green. Thor instantly put on his beanie, the stitched wigs flapping as he turned his head in all directions. Loki facepalmed, muttering under his breath about something. Natasha and Clint both enjoyed their presents, Tony nearly cursing Peter out for buying Barton the arrows.
"Fair enough." Steve sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose with his finger and thumb.
“Oh my god.” Peter mumbled. “What have I gotten myself into?”
"Peter," Natasha smiled once more, an amused look placed on her face, the same one that she only showed to Peter and a select few. "You did nothing wrong, in fact, now I feel even better for stealing Tony's card. Let's buy anything that we want, won't be like he would run out of money."
, not a
"The only person who is at fault here is Michelle's killer," Rhodey spoke from his standing position.
Spider-Man nodded, knowing that she was right. "Yeah.." he sighed.
But he felt numb.
"Well, of course I would, dumbass." she muttered before her lips found Clint's.
Bruce glanced up at the chair in front of him. "That's Thor's chair, I'm sure he wouldn't mind if you sat in it for today. We can get you a chair for tomorrow." the scientist reassured.
to do this. You're hurt, and Me and Co. will feel fucking
Wade beamed at those words, smiling goofily under his mask. Peter stood their for a moment, however, lingering. That's when it hit wade.
Stark thought aloud. "The name sounds so familiar... but why can't I re-- oh."
To her side was Clint, who held Romanoff's other hand -- an equally worrying expression upon his face. On the opposite side of Peter was Dr Banner, a frown etched into his skin. Worry lines marked his forehead as he silently pleaded for Peter to wake up.
Mr. Stark was talking about Peter before he changed. He thought he had a sister instead. He didn’t know about his ‘issue’. A breath of relief washed over his face before looking down at his lap, deciding to play this out instead of telling him like planned before.
“Why is everyone staring?” Tony asked, completely oblivious to why basically herds of people were gathering around the black limousine.
Readjusting the bags on his arms, Peter led the way, like he did all the other times before, around the store, looking at anything and everything that seemed like something he would wear, or that he was interested in.
"Flash," MJ greeted slowly, her voice filled with caution and danger. "Come on, Peter." she ordered, taking Peter's arm and trying to drag him down the hallways. They were already going to be a bit late as it is, and being stopped and harassed by that idiot was going to make them even
, person would never tell someone something without the original person's consent. So don't you ever think that I would tell someone something without your permission to do so. The only exception, however, is if you are, or going to, hurt yourself." she smiled softly.
"H-Hey," he stuttered, which wasn't usually like him, "I hate to say, but it's getting late. I would ask you to say, but I know you wouldn't want to. Plus, Stark and your aunt would have the whole police force searching for you if you weren't there in the morning."
"Technically, I said in the previous paragraphs;
Peter shook his head, a small smile forming on his face as he texted back. ''
." Wade hissed to himself. "Yes, I know they're staring -- yes they think we're craz-- oh you mother
Quickly, Deadpool stitched the male together, tying the not, and wound, close. Setting down the used needle, Wade grasped the wet rag again and dabbed it across the re-sewn area. Peter, once more, hissed loudly as he gripped the back of the couch, tears clouding his tightly shut eyes. Wade frowned, hating to see his Spidey in pain.
Currently, they were at a special store -- that Clint has now forgotten the name of -- trying to find  Peter a binder that fit, using the measurements Nat gave them. "For the last time, Clint, no." Banner huffed, crossing his arms to show the Avengers that he was serious.
she asked,
Natasha only returned the smile, her usual emotionless face now turned into one of love and care. "You're welcome, Peter." With that, she stepped out of the bedroom and shut the door gently. Before walking down towards the living area where the rest of The Avengers were, she turned and looked back at the door. Speaking in a soft whisper, she smiled.
Nodding his head slightly, Peter trudged over towards the end chair, scooting it out and sitting down in the thing. To his right was Wanda, and to his left was Captain America.
Steve glared at Peter with a disapproving face.
It wasn't mean to come off as narcissistic or anything, Loki can reassure you that much. But when he watched Edward and Peter collapse against each other over their friend MJ, what was it like for Thor to lose Loki?
Thor tilted his head, "I am not sure what you mean, good friend."
Sighing, he brushed his traumatic backstory to the side for another day. Sitting down on the edge of the bed, he gently placed a hand on Peter's knee and glanced towards the floor. "I know what it's like to be pitied, Peter, and I know that it does not feel good at all, but," the god looked towards the younger, "That is how people express their sorrows in situations. You just have to try your hardest to keep your head up and walk through it all."
Wait.
Once landing on both of her feet, Loki opened her eyes and prepared for the sight before her.
"The hell?" Tony muttered under his breath, as he blinked a couple of times, still trying to get used to the bright, living area light. "Hey Jarvis?"
The boy's cheeks paled even more. "How would you know? You don't understand what it's like to wake up, expecting to see a note from your Aunt saying that she was off at the local supermarket and that she would be back in an hour, ready to cook a meal for you and your uncle -- and you don't understand what it's like to wake up in the morning and having to look at yourself in the mirror, hating everything that you see."
Rolling his eyes, Stark looked the boy up and down, before beginning to talk. “So, Peter, I did a background check,”
Clint laughed at the boys embarrassed face. "Loosen up, kid. No need to be all up tight like 'ol Cap over here."
“It’s just..” the boy sighed, throwing a random pair of pants on the bed before walking over towards Aunt May, sitting down besides her. “What if I screw everything up?”
Peter finally spoke. "Kiss me."
." Blushing a light tent of pink, the young boy nodded and made his way to the counter, pulling up a chair besides Sam -- he would
"Oh, Peter..." Tony whispered out softly.
Passing out the meals, Tony opened his, digging in. The rest of the team followed suit. Then, Tony spoke up with food in his mouth; "Oh, and Peter. I didn't really want to get you, so I got their special. Hope you don't mind."
Peter's been searching for exactly three and a half days. His stomach felt like it was trying to eat itself, and because of his fast metabolism, it probably was. But that was the least of his worries right now.
"Jesus, Bruce, I thought you were Steve." Tony muttered under his breath, running a hand through his hair as he bent down and picked up his abandoned tool. A soft chuckle filled the room as Bruce readjusted his glasses. Stepping inside, he walked over to the desk and pulled out one of the copious chairs that scattered the room.
Peter was going to instantly regret this..
As a young child, Loki tried his best to impress Odin -- trying to be an
Sam finally spoke up from the background, his arms crossed as he stood behind Thor's chair. "I agree with capsicle here. You're gonna have to tell us."
The lights to all homes and stores flickered as if someone was messing with the power line. The strong wind picked up even more. Children began to cry as a loud siren blared from outside.
Bruce shyly smiled, a blush forming on his cheeks as he was still in his ridiculously, half torn Black Widow styled lingerie that was torn near the buttocks and breasts padding. Clint, however, was almost in tears of laughter as he sat on the bench in but a pair of boxer briefs and socks.
. But he didn't. He didn't deserve
"Now," Natasha talked, swallowing a bit of her rice before Steve decided to fuss at her. "Tell us the truth, Peter. Why are you on edge?"
"I have cancer, Pete. Bad cancer." she whispered out softly. Parker's jaw went slack and his eyes mimicked saucers. Tony turned his head to the side as the nurse took his cue to leave.
froze.
It was only a few (literal) minutes later when Deadpool heard a light knock on his living room window. Snapping his head, he walked over towards it to find Peter bruised and out of breath. "Peter -- shit!" he cursed as he helped the weak teen in through the window.
are you?!"
Sharing a glance, both Avenger's laughed loudly, tears forming in their eyes. Pulling into the mall center, Natasha turned down the radio, shaking her head as the song came to an end. Peter quickly wiped the tears in his eyes -- all from laughing to much. Once they parked in a close by parking spot, the two got out of the car, locking it behind them. "That was fun," Peter commented. "I didn't know you had this side to you. Mr Stark always made you out to be some kind of emotionless war hero."
Thor frowned deeply as he pulled his sibling into a hug, holding her tightly around her waist as Loki wrapped her arms around Thor's neck. "Loki," Thor murmured soothingly. "What you did may have not been the brightest of all things, but I care about you, sister. I will
The nervous boy felt like he was going to faint. "Peter, please. I'm trying to help you here. If it makes you any better, I'm not going to judge or laugh at you. You will always be a male, or whatever the Hell you want to identify as, in my eyes." she smiled warmly at the boy. Exhaling very audibility, he slowly took of the red cloth, gritting his teeth as the fabric of the binder moved on his skin as he moved.
...dammit
Breathing now back to normal, he pushed himself off the door and walked towards his bathroom. Turning on the light, he closed the door behind him and stepped in front of the big mirror.
{Aye, aye, captain}
Nearly jumping a mile high, Peter placed his hand over his chest when he realized it was only Ned. Sighing once more, Peter relaxed and smiled back at his best friend. "Hey, Ned. Where's MJ?"
"I-I didn't mean to offend you or anyth--"
"Who's there?" Peter's voice cracked an octave higher.
happiness, and friends, and the Avengers, and Wade and
"Well, it depends on the situation. If you are asking Loki to help Peter with his bodily issues, then more or likely very willingly," he replied.
(See the end of the chapter for
Looking up to the older man, Peter squinted his eyes slightly, trying to understand what he meant by that. But before he could get any deeper in thought, Stark sighed once more and began talking in a more brighter, upbeat tone of voice.
Slipping on his underwear, he pulled them up to say the rested on his hips. Grabbing the Packer, (that he had to take back out of the bag because he realized that he didn’t have an extra), he positioned the realistic looking penis in the pants, making sure it didn’t look like he had a boner the entire day. ‘Never again’ he thought to himself as a shudder when down his spine.
Shaking the thoughts out of his head, Peter tried on the long sleeve shirt. It, in fact, did look good on him. It was baggy, but not an 'oh, it's too big' baggy. Taking his phone from his pocket, Peter took a quick picture of himself in the mirror. Placing it down on the small bench, he stripped of the shirt, careful of his 'wounds', and changed back into his original graphic t. Putting the shirt back on the hanger, Parker grabbed his phone (and the shirt) and made his way back to Natasha, who was sitting patiently on the bench outside the area.
"Great!" Tony hollered out, seeing his boyfriend nearing his table. "I was just about to come get you!" Steve's eyebrows furrowed.
"How about we go in here, shop for a little, then we'll catch a bite to eat?" Natasha offered, seeing both of them were carrying bags of clothing from different stores in both arms. Nodding vigorously, Peter agreed and they stepped inside the store. Unlike all the other stores, no one was there to greet them when they entered -- which, both were thankful for. They had enough social interaction today as is.
Stationed on a rooftop that held many memories, Peter curled in on himself. His anxiety spiking so high that it would kill someone if they jumped off. It was mere moments before he had a panic attack.
Loki smiled softly at the young mortal, a small laugh rippling through his body. "Peter, I can help you with your body dysphoria. I am what you call genderfluid."
“Wh.. what?” Peter asked in shock, eye almost bulgging out of his sockets. “Live with.. Really?!”
Peter only nodded shyly, not saying an audible answer. "And it's stayed intact?" she questioned once more, which he nodded once more -- a complete lie. The highly intelligent woman noticed this too. "How many uses do you think you have in it?"
Parker held back an angry scream as the familiar of something wet pricked at the back of his eyes. Turning on his foot, he went to his room and grabbed his duffel bag. Throwing it on his bed, he gathered as much of his old stuff as he could.
Tony rolled his eyes, "One; I'm glad you do. Steve helped me decorate since I have no idea what you would like. We basically guessed here and there. Apparently though, I was right. Two; don't call me 'Mr. Stark'. It's Tony. 'Mr. Stark' makes me feel old."
Sherlock's if we did that! Oh sweet
It was a girl, he was sure, from how high pitched it was.
way!"
"Yeah," the young boy spoke after a minutes silence, tears prickling the back of his eyes as he took a deep breath. Wade looked taken aback, his eyebrows raised highly at the sudden change of Peter's attitude. "Wade," Parker muttered as he turned his head to face the mercenary. "You promise you won't think of me any differently?" Wade shook his head, a soft, sad smile on his lips.
Natasha nearly banged her head on the table. "Back to the main focus here -- Peter is dating Wade Wilson? The infamous 'Merc With A Mouth'?"
“How so?” she wondered.
Just then, two god's appeared in the small living room, with a bang. Quite literally.
"What?" {[wut?!]}
Shrugging, the boy pulled his feet up onto the cushioned seating beside him. "If you're expecting me to say 'I'm fine' or 'good', then you have another thing coming," he spoke softly, tiredness wretched into his voice.
"What does he have to do with anything?" Clint rose an eyebrow. The red-haired assassin nudged him in the stomach.
What was happening to him?
"Spidey, I'm going to have to take off your shirts. I'm sure Brucie fixed you up real nice, but you swinging over here," he pointed towards the web shooters that were hooked to his wrists, "worsened it all up."
"I'm glad you like it, baby boy." Wade smiled softly down at his boyfriend. Placing the empty boxes and access wrapping paper aside, the two climbed under the covers and held each other tightly, too afraid to let go. Placing his chin on Peter's head, the younger boy sighed of content. Looking up, Peter stared up at Wade. He was all he could ask for.
hey guys, it's me again.
"Oh, shut up, Katniss." Tony grumbled, plopping on the couch. "Should be here in a about fifteen."
“Why me? There is a bunch of others out there that are a lot cooler than someone like.. Well.. me.” he explained, motioning with his hands as he explained.
He's lost so many people in his time --
For the first time that night, Loki finally stopped holding back her tears. Arms wrapping tighter around Thor, she pulled him in closer. Her cries were muffled by his clothing and were slowly getting wetter by the minute, but he didn't mind.
December.
Wade sighed. "I'm just trying to find my baby boy. Plus, you were getting ready to contact me anyways. I don't see what the big deal about me just
[Oh gods, this is the big moment!]
'. Get your mind out of the gutter, dickhead."
“I-- I mean, I have to talk to Aunt May and everything.. I can’t just.. Just leave her!” Peter mumbled, getting up from his place on the bed and walking towards the middle of the small bedroom, pacing around from one side to the other.
To say that she was beyond pissed was an understatement. But to say that her worry didn't outgrow her anger would be a lie. Whether she liked to admit it or not, she's gotten quite attached to the young boy, and so have countless others that were standing in the room.
"Spidey, something's wrong." Wade started, sighing this time. "And I know you have no obligation to tell me, but, as a friend of mine, I care for you, though you might not see me as a friend back. Still, either way, I can tell you need someone to talk to, and those asshats at the 'Avenger Tower' that I am so sadly banned at, aren't giving you the lending ear that you need. That," Wade thought, tilting his head to the side and back. "Or, you just feel uncomfortable telling them."
All these people, Natasha, Wanda, Mister Stark, Steve, and so many others. They all claimed to care about him -- treating him as an equal on the battlefield of life.
"I like you," Peter blurted out, blush still ever bright.
Exiting the mall with pure anger written over her face, Natasha unlocked the car and carefully placed the bags of clothing into the car. Closing the trunk with a slam, Peter jumped slightly from the noise. Quickly apologizing, Natasha got into her side of the car and closed the door; Parker doing the same thing on the passenger side. Both of them buckled up. Pulling out of the driveway, Peter got lost in thought as Natasha continued to drive, her knuckles white from how tight she was gripping the steering wheel.
Peter pulled Wade towards him, giving a soft, slow kiss. "Don't you even
Peter loved to do this. Feel the air rushing against his suit, hearing the busy chat of the passerbyers on the street below him. All of his trouble seemed to drift away.
"My name is Mrs Murphy and I will be your new math teacher this year. If you would please--"
Natasha.
[Do something, asshat!]
Nodding, Bruce sat on one of the chairs circling the table and telly. Cap was already sitting on one end of the sofa. A few minutes passed, Peter swaying from the heel of his foot to the ball, his hands in his hoodie pocket. "Oh, for God's sake." Tony grumbled, turning and looking over the back of the white leather couch. "Get over here and stop being so... awkward."
Turning off the running water, he looked up and saw his red cheeked face. His eyes looked a little swollen.
Blinking, Peter looked back up to his right, giving a small smile as he took down his hood, “Y-Yeah, sorry, Mr. Stark… just.. Nervous.” he answered, dancing around the question.
The two sat in silence for a moment before Peter sighed and nodded his head. "Fine... I'll go with you."
Peter's eyes widen.
Nodding his head, Clint reached into his pocket and grabbed his phone, fumbling with it as he pressed the call button besides Bruce's contact. Not a few rings later, the man answered.
"Oh dear. This could end very badly for me, won't it?" he voiced. Loki simply smirked before flipping a piece of her long, black hair out of her line of vision.
hot works too.]
"Really now?" Peter raised an eyebrow, not being able to stop the grin that was on his face. Wade chuckled under his breath as he lifted up his mask slightly and bent down to capture Spider-Man's lips. Eyes fluttering closed, Peter smiled softly against the kiss as Wade nibbled slightly at Parker's bottom lip. Allowing entrance, Peter sighed softly under the touch as he gave up the fight for dominance and let Deadpool explore his mouth like a cavern. The two continued their, wrapped in each others presence, that they didn't even hear a person enter the room, that is until they clear their throat. Eyes widening, Peter pulled away and dark red blush splash across his face. Wade only grumbled under his breath before pulling down his mask and turning towards the person who disturbed their little moment.
"Really? 'Cause I've heard about your reputation with plans. Believe me, they never work out for you." Tony said with his eyebrows raised.
"A-Aunt May?" Peter called out in concern, but his voice was drowned out by the sound of the monitors beeping loudly. "Aunt May?" he tried again, tears flooding his eyes.
Peter's eyebrows furrowed. "High-importance?" he parroted.
(When did you become so-- oOH! PRETZELZZZ!!!) Wade snapped his head to the left, sniffing the air. His eyes then landed on a random pretzel shop.
"Peter," Wade spoke, ignoring the boxes, as he helped the boy to the couch, sweat shining from his forehead as his breath became ragged. "What the hell? Shouldn't you be getting fixed up by doctor Hulk?" Parker pulled down his hood, suddenly getting too hot in the thick material. Wade took a sharp intake of air, eyes widening to the size of saucers.
Upon entering the kitchen, Peter was shocked to see almost everyone up. Steve was at the stove cooking breakfast, Wanda and Vision were in the corner talking quietly, Bruce and Sam were at the counter talking in hushed voices as well, Natasha was leaning up against the wall next to the fridge, and Clint, for some unknown reason, was
{awww...}
It couldn't have been five minutes later before a knocking erupted from outside his door.
Wade shook his head. "Nothing, babe. Now, let's go because I know the mall is going to be packed fuller than my Quinceañera." Peter chuckled slightly as his boyfriend grabbed his hand and ran, yes, ran, out the front door, almost forgetting to shut it behind him. Rushing to the small black car, Peter hopped in the passenger side as Wade quickly moved to start the car and getting the heat going. "Damn winter." he muttered under his breath. Wade was never one for cold weather. Once more, Peter laughed softly.
Getting ready for the expecting punch, he suddenly tilted his head to the side, “Huh?”
"Peter, please come with me," Loki asked nicely. "You need
asshole, who enjoyed taking out his problems at home onto innocent classmates, specifically, Peter. Wade was outraged when he told him about what he had done, and continuously does. Though, for the sake of Peter, he managed to bottle it up and only make some snide remarks to Yellow and Whitey -- which, even
, but it's better than what you dingdongs have."
Sam wanted to bang his head up against the counter top as Bruce rolled his eyes. Natasha showed no emotion, like usual, and Steve looked like he was holding back a smile. Peter, on the other hand, was holding back a laugh. "Sure," Clint rolled his eyes again, hopping down from off his 'nest'. "So, Cap, what's for breakfast?"
Clint rolled his eyes, muttering under his breath as he sipped on his coffee.
Of all things, May Reilly Parker Jameson liked to think of her self as more than just an aunt to the marvelous Spider-Man -- and yes, she knew, she wasn't stupid. Though Peter liked to keep her in the dark about his other identity, anything with two eyes and a low-level functioning brain could figure out the truth of why he was so late coming home, with horribly, make-up covered bruises. So when the infamous Tony Stark, also known as Iron Man comes knocking at her door, asking if Peter could come live with them, 'to keep better tabs on his internship', of course, May knew exactly what was up.
Lately, my depression has gotten so bad, it’s hard for me to do the simplist of task (like getting out of bed and eating). Recently, everything seems to be a chore. I know it shouldn’t be, but it feels like it.
His bottom lip was raw from his worrying it between his teeth, and his fists constantly opened and closed, repeating the same motion over and over again.
watch
-----
But Peter wasn't their equal.
Again, Leeds sniffed, the backpack finally falling from his trembling hand. Ignoring the clatter of fabric hitting the cold, hardwood ground, he brought his hands up to his eyes, his palms digging into his closed eyelids.
Why was the world so cruel to him?
"Lady Loki does have a point." Vision interrupted. "Studies show that simply asking a person about a subject or matter they will be more open to talking about it, rather than a person prying, or spying, for said information."
-----
leave on good terms. "Definitely. I can't wait to see Ned and MJ." Peter replied, lying through his teeth. The only people to see through it were Clint, who was still on the refrigerator, and Natasha. Neither, however, spoke of their discovery.
Picks up right after the chapter 'Dodge Ball'.
But his mind -- oh, his mind was screaming. Screaming in pain and torture and sadness and so many other feelings that he didn't know.
Nodding his head, Peter pinkie-promised the older male that he would do what he was told, and upon arrive back at The Tower, Peter did exactly that.
"Talk to him."
“Good, I’ll go talk to your aunt.” Mr. Stark smiled, unlocking the door and walking out of it, leaving Peter petrifyed in his spot.
"Dinner has to be ready by noon," the voice sounded from the door once more. Peter sighed, throwing on a random graphic t that was sprawled across the floor. Running a hand through his hair, Peter Parker walked over and opened the door, revealing a, slightly, disheveled Natasha Romanoff. "Wanda's already in the kitchen waiting for us," she answered the unsaid question.
It was exactly 5:03 am when Steve walked into the lab to retrieve Tony, seeing that he wasn't in bed with him to begin with. "Tony?" Rogers called out as he stepped into the (quite) large atelier.
And though there were so many questions swarming in her head, one thought --
"N-No.." he interrupted with a whisper. A single tear fell down his cheek. "No -- no.." he choked, out once more; this time, sounding more strangled. Just like Uncle Ben's scream had been.
But when he saw the look on his 'father's' face, he also saw the look of
That idea didn't last too long, for a sharp ache hit his lower stomach, jerking him out of his somewhat trance. It didn't take the boy that long to realize that he was crying small tears. Sniffing, he wiped them from his eyes and turned to finish his shower -- not wanting to keep Loki and the other's waiting that long.
No longer to hold back the tears, Peter silently cried, tears dripping down onto the paper. "Shit," Wade muttered under his breath, "Was it that bad? I'm sorry if you--"
Any who, carry on! Xx
"I agree." Banner chimed in, as he looked up at Natasha sincerely. "Peter is family, and family shouldn't judge a person for being who they are -- and it would make him no less of a man to have a chest."
On the same day, Bruce Banner and Clint Barton were put on trial in court. Five minutes into the session, Natasha reluctantly bailed them out; threatening to get Tony Stark on the judge's ass if he didn't let them go.
"At least put some goggles on, man!"
"Yes?" Parker turned around with a confused face, not sure if she was talking to him or not.
-----
Was he having a heart attack?
"Ten," he said with a small smile. Nodding her head, she reached behind her desk and handed Peter a small white piece of plastic that had the number '10' written across it. Towards the top was a circular hole, so a person could place said plastic on the door handle. Handing over the bags towards Romanoff, Peter walked towards the men's changing room.
Two troublemakers interrupt Natasha and Peter's bonding time.
"How about Forever21?" he asked the assassin. Romanoff shrugged her shoulders.
Bruce stood for another couple of minutes, silently watching Stark build before he started to slowly retreat. Grabbing his mug of cocoa, he walked towards the door. "You know," Tony's voice came from behind him. Turning around, he looked to his friend. "You can always talk to me about it -- your bad dreams or whatever. And if you don't want to talk about them, I'm always up for listening to whatever.."
"I will take that as a compliment. Now, lets do this sh--" both Natasha and Wanda raised an eyebrow. "ow..?" Wanda laughed quite loudly and walked around the counter, making sure to hand the list on the cabinet above them all. Romanoff only rolled her eyes and walked to the refrigerator and opened the door. Peter looked like he could pass out.
Spatula in one hand, she raised an eyebrow, though she turned the small telly's volume up regardless. "When did you get into the news?"
“Aunt May.. don’t cry..” Peter sniffed, hating to see his only family member was being torn apart.
{When did you become so annoying?}
“Kid? You alright? You look like you’re gonna have a panic attack?” Tony’s voice was laced with concern as he looked down to his left.
But no matter how big his bag was, it wasn't large enough to carry the memories of his childhood home.
Lady Loki raised an eyebrow. "You're an intriguing mortal, Edward Leeds. Do note that," she spoke as she stepped forwards. Reaching out, she placed two single fingers on the teenager's forehead. Ned gasped softly as the memories began to resurface.
said your name."
Nodding his head, Peter spoke back, "Alright Mr. Bann-- Bruce.." he stuttered once again. Face flashing with embarrassment for the umpteenth time, he decided to shut his trap and stuff his face with his chimichanga. Wanda chuckled softly as Sam broke out in a grin.
be talking about
/////
Finally, after what felt like years, Peter finished buying all the presents, well, except for Wade's. Tony will get a new tie, Steve will receive a Captain America themed pocket watch, Wanda will receive some new cooking supplies, and Bruce will get some custom made beakers with the words 'You're Overreacting' written on them, (seeing Tony broke the last beakers in a 'Taylor Swift Rage', whatever that was).
"Man of Iron, this is a sad moment for him, but he will come around in time."
Loki smirked slightly, "'Tis a Midgardian expression, dear brother." Thor made an 'o' shape with his mouth as Wade coughed quite loudly.
WARNING -- STRONG LANGUAGE AHEAD!!
break.
Thor rolled his eyes. "Brother, who is this Wade you speak of?"
A dull beeping sound echoed through the room -- annoying the absolute
Boiling brown sugar, lemon juice, lemon zest, orange juice and orange zest together in a quite large saucepan, Peter then reduced the heat. Once it had simmered down, the boy stirred in he vanilla extract. Letting that sit for a couple of minutes, Peter walked over to the cabinets and pulled out a glass bowl. Going to the fridge and pulling out the fruits, Parker began to layer the fruits in this order; pineapple, strawberry, kiwi, bananas, oranges, grapes, and, finally, blueberries. Checking the time, Peter walked over and grabbed the sauce, pouring it over the fruits. Placing the now finished dish into the cool refrigerator, Peter then grabbed the mincemeat pie. Making the pie crusts, Parker then poured the meat into the crust, placing strips of dough on top of it all. Going back to the second oven that Tony had paid for, seeing that one person would want one thing and the other would want something else, resulting in one of them having to wait for the oven to reopen once more. Putting the pie into the oven, Peter sighed and stiffled a yawn. All this baking was wearing him out. Both Wanda and Natasha seemed to agree.
placed the plastic, brown bags on the countertop. After preheating the oven, he emptied all bags, nearly dropping a huge container of flour.
The two stayed like that, staring into each other's eyes, blue reflecting blue. What a lovely sight it was.
But that
Five days after MJ's death --
"Hello, Peter." she smiled before walking off to go find 'Vision'. Who ever he was.
"My apologies, sister," Thor spoke with a nod of his head before turning back to the crowd of Avengers. Each of them was equally confused -- though they tried their best to hide their expression. All except Wanda, Natasha, Vision, and Sam of course. They all seemed to accept it and push the matter aside. This isn't something they should make a big deal out of.
"That's the plan, big guy."
Peter.
of mischief and lies. Though sometimes, though shall it be rare, he is neither or both. Because of this, I can tell of others in similar situations, like young Peter."
Wade agreed silently, seemingly lost in the boy in front of him. "W-Wade..?" Peter stuttered out, probably without his own consent. Snapping out of his thoughts, Wilson realized how close they were. They were right together, face to face,
"Umm, I just need to get one more person's gift, and then we can head back." Peter answered, not paying a bit of attention to Wade's behaviour.
"LANGUAGE!"
"But I wasn't even finished," the scientist pouted slightly, causing Aunt May to giggle, trying to cover a hiccup.
Placing one foot out the window, Peter gripped onto the side of the building. Scaling his way down, Parker then looked up at the night sky -- one of the only things that made him happy and safe; though, in New York, not the best place to feel 'safe' at night. But still, it made him happy so to say. Slinging a web up at a building, Peter swung through mid air, repeating the motion over and over until he was at the same roof that he always goes to.
A young boy walked along the shadows of the ally way, his face obscured by a hoodie thrown over his messy brown hair. Bags decorated his under eyes and his cheeks were painted red from the strong wind.
Natasha and Clint gave him a gun so they could practice later on -- which they both swore that was a bb gun to worried Aunt May and Steve, though the wink sent the boy's way said otherwise. Vision gave the younger teen a microwavable popcorn popper (seeing how Parker was always late night snacking on popcorn). Rhodey gave him a leather back journal, seeing that Peter goes through one in two weeks, and Sam got him a Star Wars shirt, even though he still stood with his point on how Star Trek was better.
Stark's breath caught in his throat as he finally muted the tv, only a fraction of a second too late. "Peter, I -- I didn't mea--"
Once all the food was brought into the room, everyone took a seat, Wade sitting besides Peter respectively, as Wanda sat besides his other side. Aunt May sat in front of the pair, Steve and Tony sitting to the left of May; Sam sat on her right. Clint, Natasha, Thor, and Loki all sat scattered about, both into pairs -- Natasha with Clint and Thor with Loki. Bruce, however, sat on one of the ends, Vision happily sitting on the other end in front.
'Do these people just apparate or something?' Peter thought to himself.
"You should really stop letting him get to you, Peter." Michelle spoke sadly. Ned nodded his head.
Standing in front of the mirror, he turned to the side to see if there were any bulges -- which there weren't. Nodding to himself, he ran a hand through his hair and walked towards the bedroom once more, leaving his binder behind.
"We still need a plan." Clint spoke up, eyebrow raised as he took another sip of his coffee pot, bringing the liquid from the brim to the halfway point.
." he tried to explain to the best of his abilities. "If you take that, and add what he's going through now, it's basically hell."
of his favourite movies
Slamming the living room door shut, the two sighed at the temperature change once more. Placing the gifts down on the couch, Wade walked off. Peter yawned slightly as he took off his winter gear, making sure to keep the small box in the coat pocket (so Wade wouldn't find it, seeing it is for him). Not a second later, the said person came around the corner carrying mountains of wrapping paper, tape, scissors, bows and ribbons, and copious other things. It also looked like he stripped of his winter gear as well.
it, just like someone can feel a cold coming along themselves."
"Why the hell haven't I thought of this yet?" he spoke to no one but himself. "I'm a fucking
"What -- why? Is something wrong, sugar?" Steve asked, walking a bit closer to his inamorato.
"H-Hey, Tony.." she stuttered out, blocking the view of the elevator (that currently held the others).
coloured. Dry blood was mixed in with the swollen mess, as if someone splattered paint of an empty canvas, Peter's body being the said canvas. Some of the bruises were older, but still just as bad.
"Override Code B-39C," Tony spoke into the air. Once more, the voice hesitated but complied.
"I said go away!" he spoke, grabbing a hold of his pillow and threw it sideways, not looking as he threw it at his door. Instead of it banging against the wood, it clanked against something that
"Right here." a new voice came from behind him. Spinning around, Peter almost went into a fighting stance before realizing that it was only Michelle.
Peter began to feel wave after wave of fear and his stomach almost gave out on him. He could hear his heart pounding so loudly he thought it would come out of his chest, exploding like in that one movie he watched with Ned and MJ. Pains were shooting down his body as he became so afraid he couldn't catch his breath.
Landing on top of a roof, he plopped himself down on the ledge, looking down at the ground below him. Sure, he was a little iffy about heights, but nothing could beat this view. Sooner or later, the sun went down passed the horizon, the cold night air replacing the hot musty air before it. Once the sun was down completely, darkness took over the sky, a few stars dotted the sky. Smiling under his mask, he looked up, holding onto the ledge with both hands. It was peaceful, just the way he liked it. That is, until his 'Spidey Senses' acted up.
Slamming the door open, he lifted the toilet seat as the bile rose from his throat, to his mouth, and, finally, into the toilet; the porcelain stifling his noises as he cried out in agony, screaming as if he just lost a part of him -- and to an extent, he did.
Turning back ahead, Peter gasped as he realized it was only down to Ned, Peter, and Flash. "Holy shit." he muttered, eyes wide. "The hell?" Ned's reaction was the same, eyes widening with a gasp as well. Flash just smirked, tossing his ball up in the air before catching it. Repeating the motions, both boys began to feel sick. "Oh, shit.." Parker whispered as his Spider Senses tingled dangerously. Soon, the ball that was being tossed by Flash was now hurdling towards Ned, hitting him hard in the stomach. Gasping, Ned feel to the ground with a loud whimper. "Jesus!" Peter nearly screamed.
Any who, brings some tissues for the next couple of chapters, but I swear, it'll get better! (...sometime..)
"What do you mean?"
Smiling softly, Natasha quickly placed it on her body. "Thank you," she spoke softly, looking up to see Clint staring at her. "What?"
on Frigga's. That was what broke him the most.
me to come along on this adventurous hunt that he was going on later that evening. But, it never happened," he spoke sadly. "There was no greeting, and no happy Thor, either."
"Whitey's right, Yellow. This is for Peter." he spoke as he took the tiny, preschool scissors into his hands and began to cut out a heart from the construction red construction paper.
"I..." she sighed for the umpteenth time. "When I died, I hurt you. Norns, you even told me that I hurt you, but I didn't listen. I chose
"Mr. Parker, sir. Mr. Stark has ordered to tell me that dinner will be in five minutes." a voice spoke from out of nowhere. Jumping nearly a half a foot, he shot his head up and looked around the room. When he found no one there, he furrowed his eyebrows.
Doing so, the male only winced slightly. He then looked over at Romanoff, watching her as she unzipped the red first aid bag, digging around for something unknown. With a small 'Aha!' from the auburn female, she pulled some sort of ointment. Setting down next to the boy, she walked over towards the hand towels, grabbed one, and dampened it via sink water. Ringing most of it out, she then instructed Parker to lift his arms so she could get better access. Obliging, Peter closed his eyes tightly as Natasha gently pressed the wet rags over the marks.
His bruises were a profusion of colors that normally should not be on someones chest, let alone skin. There were lurid purple splotches, roughly the size of a foot, while others were more greyish -- but still looked just as bad. They were littered across his chest. It was hard to find a clear patch of skin that
"Please, Bruce. Come on, man!"
on that list.
Looking into the small, dusty mirror, she concluded that this washroom was hardly used. Swiping her fingers over the mirror, she cleared the dust that blocked her vision and looked at herself.
"Well," Tony smacked Peter's back with a smile. "Welcome to the family, kid."
sit beside of Bruce. Not because he was scared of him, but because he was scared that he would bother him or embarrass himself.
Again (and sorry if I sound repetitive)
The two stood like that for a while, just enjoying each others company, smiling happily at each other. That is, until Peter realized he had to start wrapping the mountains of gifts. Groaning, he checked his phone before jumping with realization -- he was going to be late if he didn't start wrapping now!
Once most of the dry blood was washed away, Deadpool placed the rag into the bowl of water, watching the once clear liquid changing to a shade of red. Turning to the side, Wilson opened the first aid kit with ease, shuffling the items inside before he pulled out a thin needle that was already pre-threaded. He also pulled out a small packet that contained an antiseptic wipe.
Automatically sprinting off his bed and into the bathroom, he turned on the sink’s faucet. Grabbing his toothbrush he brushed his teeth sloppily before combing his hair so it didn’t look too astray.
"Fuck you."
alone in Tony's workshop.
"Ah," he said, turning his attention back to Peter. "Peter," he talked, looking through the papers on his clipboard that he carried around. "I've been looking at the students grades for gym, and I've noticed, that from last year, that you're falling a bit behind, both grade wise, and physically." Peter sighed, so
“Oh, don’t act coy, Pete.” Tony laughed, walking around the small, blue painted room. “You know what I’m talking about,” he smiled, turning around to face the brown haired boy. “So, Spider-Boy, I wanted to propose an offer.”
A knock on the door startled her out of her incoming thoughts. Wiping the dust off on a rag, she pinched her cheeks to get some colour in them and opened the door, her usual facial expression placed; bright eyes and a hint of a smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
But what shocked the group was there was no snarky quip back. A bad feeling sunk in the pits of nearly everyone's stomach.
"Peter, Ned's here." a feminine voice whispered softly towards the boy, though Leeds didn't see, for he was trying to stop the oncoming panic attack that was spreading through his veins.
"Wanda, please!" Natasha whisper shouted to the other female. Gulping, Wanda spun around to face Tony.
Tony tilted his head, "What? Oh! No, no!" he laughed as if it was the funniest thing (which it probably was in his sleep deprived state). Stark placed his goggles down on the metal worktable. Walking around the side, he threw his arms around Steve's neck and pulled him close, placing a chaste kiss onto Roger's plump lips. "Guess what today is,"
. He wanted to do it
Parker sighed. "I get your point, Wade." Wilson smiled happily at that, giving his partner a big, toothy grin. Peter rolled his eyes as he reached over the arm console and grabbed Wade's hand, mindlessly carding his fingers into his. Blushing the slightest red, Peter couldn't tell if it was because of him or the cold weather -- he guessed the latter. "Now," he smiled looking at his beautiful boyfriend. "Let's go because, like you said, it's going to be packed to the max."
Rubbing a hand over his face, he threw on the binder and sweatshirt, exiting the bathroom and walking over towards his bed. Pulling out a book, he began to read.
Running a hand through his short, hair, Hawkeye squinted as he glanced around the room. Shaking his head with a sigh, he turned around and walked towards the back of the store. As he passed by the jewelry section, a
Sighing deeply, she slouched her back for the first time today. Though she was a princess and was taught how to sit royally, she just couldn't keep up this facade she was forced to put up.
"Hello," a female voice spoke. Spinning around, Peter came face to face with two taller women.
"What's for dinner?" a new voice questioned, much feminine. Turning around, Peter faced himself to see a woman with brownish red hair.
“So, Spidey,” Stark said with amusement, putting emphases on the word ‘Spidey’. “With you in your god awful suit, I wanted to propose an offer.”
Rogers raised an eyebrow. "Are you suggesting that we break into a privately owned, and possibly federal owned, depending on the search radius, security camera?"
That's who was screaming when he was walking towards the tower.
"Oh, dear god." Ned heard his mother speak. Ignoring her, he continued to listen -- wondering why Peter wasn't there on patro-- oh. May's death.
Peter gasped as the air was knocked out of him. Smiling like a sadist, Thompson did it again, and then again. Over and over, he punched Peter in the gut, then in the chest, almost knowing exactly where it all hurt.
With that, Natasha hung up. Less than ten minutes and Natasha arrived with a murderous, yet, worried, expression on her face. Clint was right by her side as well, shock and anger on his face at the sight of the young teen. "What the fuck?!" he nearly shouted, causing Peter to flinch even more at the loud noise.
[I --- he --
See, he and Peter were talking late last night about the death of May Parker, Leeds trying his best to condole the slightly younger boy. He's never really experienced death first hand, seeing the only people he cared about were alive and healthy.
A scream erupted far away -- too far for any of the citizens around him to notice, but Peter heard.
"Peter, I--"
Rhodes grumbled under his breath. "I'm pretty sure he gave himself that name if we're being honest."
Currently, Loki was in the living room with the rest of the Avengers. Ned, however, stayed put in Peter's room, fearful of what the superheroes would say (or do) to him once they found out the truth.
wood.
Tony is basically a two year old. All the Avengers think so too.
After about fifteen minutes, Flash finally gave up. Spitting on Peter, he then marched out of the locker room and to somewhere else than there. Those few tears that were threatening to fall were already falling, and soon, it became a sob.
"Oh, yeah," Nat smiled softly. Getting up from her desk chair, she stretched. Looking over at the boy, she continued talking. "I wanted to take you shopping, seeing that I noticed that you needed a few things -- clothing and
Superheroes.
Natasha spoke, her voice filled with worry,
But Peter was already gone.
changing room, and he is going to try on the clothes. He is doing no harm by doing that."
Natasha had a hint of a smile on her face as she watched the whole scene go down.
"Sir?"
"You didn't answer my question," Ned spoke once more, still as excited as ever. "You're living with the Aven--"
Tired of it all.
needed to stop -- the young spider made his way to the kitchen. It was around five in the morning, so he didn't really except anyone to be up. Boy, was he wrong.
Those seven words made Peter froze, eyes widening behind his hood. Trying to keep his voice steady, he carefully chose his words, “Y-Yeah?”
"I honestly don't know what that means, but, I like-like you." Peter answered honestly, causing Wade to gasp. Peter chuckled, positioning his hands to where they hooked around Wade's neck.
"Peter," he spoke softly, his voice calming, "I know that you are transgender." Panic rose in Peter. "But there is nothing wrong with that," Loki reassured, resolving some of the anxiety in the boy. "I understand what you're going through, especially in this dreaded situation."
Loki sighed. He knew what Parker meant. After trying to take over New York a couple years back, he returned to Asgard, facing his punishment there, and as he walked down that dreaded isle, all he could see was the anger on Odin's face.
"What happens between the two of us, stays between the two of us, right?"
"Language,"
I hope you guys can understand, and if you don’t, I’m sorry.
Stark agreed, saying he wouldn’t accept nothing else. While Peter was packing, he heard the door to his bedroom open, revealing Aunt May. “Hey, Aunt May.” Peter smiled, biting the inside of his cheek.
not because I have like a stash of fanfictions of you two together under my bed).
“Why you?” Tony repeated slowly, knitting his eyebrows together. Walking over and sitting down at the edge of Parker’s bed, he began to laugh slightly. This time, confusioin was written all over Spidey’s face as he tilted his head to the left slightly. “Do you really want to know why?” he questioned, his face turning from amusement to seriousness in a matter of a couple seconds.
if we don't do everything in our power to help you." Wade's thumb softly ran over the bumps and cuts that were stationed on the boys face, his denim like eyes staring down at him softly, filled with an emotion that Peter doesn't know.
Stark squinted his eyes, "But my birthday isn't until next year..? Come on, Wanda, tell me already!" he whined, trying to look over at the elevator.
through things. His parents died when he was around the age of five years old. Not a couple years later, his Uncle Ben was shot dead by an intruder. Now, Aunt May is...
“What’s wrong, Peter?” she questioned, sensing how tense he was right away.
be her son.
“Well, to start off, you have potential, kid. I mean it too. Sure, you’re young, and your suit needs a huge upgrade-- and you’re fighting skills, don’t even get me started--”
Seeing Steve couldn't process booze, Peter was underage, and Thor and Loki would have to have gallons of the stuff, only a select few drank a beer, those being; Clint, Rhodey, Sam, Nat, and, suprisingly, Aunt May. Peter's eyebrows shot up at the sight; he's never seen his aunt drink alcohol before. This, to say the least, was going to be interesting..
Peter sniffled, wiping his eyes with the end of his hoodie. Going back over to his original sitting position, he fiddled with a stray string off of the red hoodie. "What gave it away?" he asked, clearing his throat afterwords. Slowly looking up to the auburn haired assassin, he found herself shaking her head with a smile.
things."
"I'm sure he's thought about that," Thor spoke with great sadness. Everyone's heads turned towards the Norse god.
alluring.
Hiding his smile, Steve took in another bite of his cereal, mentally recalling the memories of last night.
"No. What you're thinking of is '
going to have to magic her way into the room after all."
, stop begging!" Grabbing the hanger from Clint's hands, the male stopped off into the dressing room, getting a quite strange look from the man behind the counter.
been sleeping." Only then did Stark see the dark circles under Bruce's brown eyes.
think that again, you hear me?"
"I could talk to him, or at least try to again. If I am able to teleport into his bedroom I have a higher chance of being able to make contact with him." Lady Loki interrupted from her standing position. "But, if I do this, there is a chance of me losing our trust because I will end up invading his privacy during these 'dark' times."
Tears tracked down his face as he gasped for air once more, his body shaking as he did so. "In and out, in and out," her voice reminded him. Following instructions, Peter tried to breathe once more.
"Oooh, someone better hold my shit 'cause I'm about to beat his ass into next Thurs--"
"Alright, let us strategize."
Once the balls were all aligned on the thin, black line running down the middle of the gym, Flash walked over to the right side and bent down into a running pose. And just like that, all hell broke loose.
Sniffing, the male shook his head and started walking once more. This was stupid. Everything was stupid --
"You don't think I'm that dumb, do you?" she chuckled softly. Parker's eyes widened tenfold.
"We're here, mortals. Don't fret." Loki spoke, though their form has changed a bit since they last saw them. Thor was by their side, smiling softly.
Also, where's Clint and Scott???? eXcUsE yOu??
{Oh, forget about them, Wade. We gotta Spider to impress!}
The team begrudgingly moved to their partner's sides, waiting for Deadpool's further instructions -- and
-- that he always rambled on about to everyone.
Black Widow, Iron Man, Captain America, The Falcon, The Scarlet Witch, War Machine, Hawkeye, Thor, and, heck, even
Sighing, Peter ran a hand through his hair. The two stopped in front of another store, one that looked to be pretty busy. Looking up, the sign in white cursive read;
“S-Sorry..” Peter apologized. He tried to keep his voice calm, but there was so many things going through his head, it was hard to focus on one thought. ‘What if he said no?’ ‘Even worse.. What if he said yes?’.
Jacoby blew the whistle. Flash ran for the balls, picking up a good handful. People from Peter's team got some too, but, a lot of them were nearly decapitated when some were thrown at them. Ned and Peter somehow managed to get a few stray ones, coincidentally picking up one red an one blue. "Well, isn't this ironic." Parker joked towards his friend, grinning a toothy grin. Ned rolled his eyes, huffing a laugh or two.
"A normal -- scratch that,
"ENOUGH!" Steve yelled, breaking the group into a silence. "Everyone needs to SHUT UP! We are all here to help Peter and Ned, right?" The group silently nodded their heads. "Right. So can we
"Oh my god, Tony, you broke the poor guy." Clint spoke with mock worry.
A knock sounded once more.
"Bruce," Natasha spoke softly, trying to calm down the doctor. She knew that if he got to angry over this whole situation, or panicked for that matter, that it wouldn't be Banner anymore. It would be the other guy -- and that would be a big problem. "I need you to listen, okay?"
"We have Tony's credit card, Peter. Now, where do you want to go?" she asked again with a slight smile. Peter thought for a moment, his eyes scanning over the copious amounts of stores. Finally, his eyes landed on one that looked quite interesting.
"No ands, ifs, or buts about it." she said sternly. "You can always where your hoodie, seeing it being cool the past week, and inside the tower." Helping the young hero off the counter, she helped him maneuver his hoodie over himself once more. Putting away the things, she walked back over towards the actual bedroom. Noticing the time, it war around 9 at night. For Peter, it was a bit early to go to bed, but with all the new things happening to him lately, he could sure use the goodnight's rest.
"Mr. Parker, your heart rate is sky rocketing. Shall I call in Mr. Stark?" the same voice questioned.
have a heart are totally wrong; because he could hear his shatter at those words.
Pulling back just enough to separate but not stop being in contact with each other, Ned huffed a breath as he used the long sleeve of his shirt to wipe the remaining tears from his cheeks. Peter did the same.
[Way to go, moron.]
Natasha, still very weary clad suited man, placed her gun back in the gun holster strapped to her left thigh. "Put your guns, pocket knives, katanas, and daggers on the table and join us on the couch, Wade."
His mother was still alive and well, along with Peter and MJ. His father was... well, his father was out of the picture by a long shot. The second his mother announced her pregnancy to his father, the coward of a 'man' ran out the door with a bag of clothes and his tail between his legs. She was broken-hearted because of his departure, of course, losing all faith in men; that is until Ned was born. When Edward was born his mother's life was turned upside down -- all for the better, of course.
"Wade Wilson?" Sam parroted. "Why does that name sound familiar?"
I don't understand why you choose not to stand up for yourself. Flash needs payback for what he does, Peter.
The elevator ride was pretty short, considering it was a little bit quicker than most. Once the doors opened, the two stepped out. In the common room sat Tony (which was rare), Clint, Steve, and Sam. The four were talking in laughs when the two walked out of said elevator. Turning around, Clint and Steve's face dropped when he saw the puffy eyed Peter and red faced Natasha.
(When did you become so you so mean?) Whitey retorted, sort of defending the male.
“Oh, Peter, there you are.” the older woman smiled, her eyes brimmed with tears as she realized that her nephew was moving out for good.
{Holy shit, this is -- this is
Sorry for the wait! I just got back about a week ago from a local convention, and I've had to catch up on everything, and have at least an hours sleep. Anyways, I know a lot of you were confused and distressed about why Aunt May had let Peter go so quickly to the Avenger's, and Tony. At first, I couldn't really say anything, because I was afraid that I would give it all away, but, now you guys can find out! Just please don't kill me -- *hides behind Wade as a makeshift shield*
"Where are you at?" Romanoff inquired, holding back a sigh.
Peter Parker stood up from the bed and made his way towards the middle of the room. There, he stood. He didn't speak -- he didn't know
"Yeah, not gonna do that."
-----
"Oh, Wanda, meet Peter. Peter, Wanda." Steve smiled, nodding over towards the shy teenage boy.
Peter's heart broke. "Why are you showing me this?" he inquired, looking away from the image to look at the two.
I would just like to thank you for reading this chapter (and book). You guys are all apart of the story, with out you, this story wouldn't come to be. So, thank you.
"Wanda!!" Tony shouted, instantly regretted his decision.
"You-- why didn't..." Peter closed his eyes. "For how long?" Silence flooded the room. "For how long?" he repeated.
With presents in his arms, stacked so high he had to walk sideways to see, Peter walked into the living room of the Avenger's Tower, Wade by his side. Wade, was also carrying around the same amount of parcels, but, Peter, unluckily, had a bit more.
late.
of all people.
The AI was reluctant, but did what he was asked. "As you wish." Opening the window, the young teen retreated down the side of the tall tower.
of the fridge.
Turning to the side, he looked at his slight bump, frowning. Turning to the other side, he expected it to be totally different, but to his misfortune, it was just like the same on the first side. Frowning even deeper, he then face the mirror, and tugged at the hoodie. Looking down, he nearly whined aloud. Getting frustrated, he stripped of the red thing, throwing it on the bathroom counter near the sink.
See, he was finally allowed to wear it, only because Natasha knew that him not wearing it at school would be 'suicide' for him. So when Flash threw the purple ball, it knocked his binder to the side, making it almost impossibly tighter on his chest. He was still a bit sore from the wounds, but, he was dealing with it. That is, until he gets a new binder. This one was almost a couple sizes too small.
Placed on the counter was chocolate hearts, heart shaped pancakes and eggs, three different kinds of cakes (red velvet, chocolate, and lemon [Peter's favourites]), root beer floats, chocolate ice cream, chocolate drizzled popcorn, and finally, chocolate bark (sprinkles on top).
i kinda need some help with history...
"When I was younger," Banner sighed, "my father was quite abusive. He thought that I was a mutant and called me a freak and other horrible names, beating me throughout my childhood." He shuddered. "I wasn't the only one getting beat up every day, though. My mother also took some of his hits. But, years later, she got sick of it. She came up to my room one night and told me to pack my bags, saying that we were going to leave the asshole.
Hearing this, Parker saw Bruce squint a tad, head turning slightly at the sound. Gulping, he wiped his hands on the back of his jeans. Gods, he just embarrassed himself in front of The Avengers -- THE Avengers!
Smiling, Spider-Man walked up to the assassin and handed her the phone, the picture of him in it wide on the screen. Romanoff grinned. "It looks really good on you, Pete." she smiled. "Want to go look around, or go to a different store?"
"Valhalla is a special place, and most often not a choice for many mortals. Those that inhabit the halls after death were great warriors in life. They await there until they are called to fight by Odin’s side in the battle of Ragnarok. The Valkyries help pick the heroic warriors from amongst the dead, known as ‘Choosers of the Fallen’, allowing those deemed worthy enough to pass on to the sacred halls of Odin. And you, mortal, are deemed worthy. However, if you choose to travel to Valhalla, you will automatically be accepted for the battle of Ragnarok." Hel explained.
Peter thought with complete confusion.
Loki huffed a breath. "One, it is not
It hurt
"Yeah, go run along to your little girlfriend, Parker." Flashed laughed, his goons laughing as well. Parker's cheeks flashed with heat as Ned helped Michelle drag him away towards their maths class -- one of the only classes they all have together.
Peter gets the help he needs in the most unexpected way.
"What are you doing here?" Tony growled, his voice low.
The silver-tongued prince laughed softly. "I was called by my brother and his friends -- the Avengers. They said I could help you with your...
Eyes widening and panic attack on the verge, Parker carefully spoke. "Ho-How much did they tell you?" he barely got out. "Wh-Why you?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter was silent.
{Fucking
"Hey, Peter." Natasha smiled softly. Closing the door gently behind her, she made her way over towards the still slightly red faced boy.
Oh, this is going to be a looong day.
Wade gets a visit from his favourite, spandex clad spider-hero!
Loki frowned softly. "You are wrong." he simply spoke, causing Peter to zip his mouth shut. "I do know what it's like. For the longest time, I had faked my death -- thinking it would be for the better. I was... I was wrong, to say the least." he sighed. "I would wake up, expecting my brother to greet me at the dining hall, waving me over as he smiled brightly with food in his mouth, nearly
Nodding his head, Peter followed The Avenger to the big kitchen. Upon entering, Wanda was sitting on a kitchen stool, a dark pink apron on her body. Smiling, Wanda handed Natasha an apron in the colour black, and Peter one in the colour red. Natasha threw hers on quickly and tied her auburn hair back into a messy pony tail; Wanda tying hers into a messy bunch. Placing on the apron, Peter tied on his red apron fairly quickly before pulling out a list that was folded up in his back jean pocket.
"-- He was female at birth but identifies as a male." Banner answered, nodding his head. Clint, as well, bobbed his head, understanding the situation a little better now.
Aunt May chuckled before she became serious once more. "Peter, there's something you should know."
, I like-like you too, Spidey. But how could you like someone like me, I'm ugl--"
Huffing, Peter apologized to his friend. "Go. I'll text you later, okay?" Nodding his head, Ned retreated sadly to the gym rooms, saying a quick goodbye. Pulling on his shirt, Peter walked over towards the coach who was watching Flash walk around the room, a bag in one hand as he bent down and put the balls back up -- repeating this motion over and over again. "You wanted to see me, coach?"
But the door didn't open -- and the smell of whatever May decided to cook didn't fill his nostrils either.
"Oh my god," Peter closed his eyes a small laugh bubbling up inside of him. Before he texted back, Parker clicked on the small button in the top right corner, scrolled down, and hit add to contacts.
A bad feeling settled in the bottom of Ned's stomach. Oh, please don't let it be--
It was such a quick action that the mercenary couldn't even react before Peter pulled apart, like his lips burned him.
Loki sighed. "Firstly, it is god
"Well, shit. He's no fun." the mutant pouted his lip. Wade looked over to Clint, who was now gone. "I guess it's just you and me, birdbra -- oh, come on!"
The world didn't need the bug of a vigilante, they had the Avengers.
“Oh, uh, yeah, she, um.. Died, when I was seven.” he replied with fake tears glistening in his eyes. ‘Damn, I should be an actor.. Maybe I could even play in a Spider-Man movie!’
Clint cackled. "What? Like how Sam gave himself the fursona '
Hel seemed to sigh. "To see what world you choose to travel towards. My father has heard good stories about you, thus, we are here to await your choice."
Unfortunately, Peter didn't take the bad weather as a sign for what was about to come.
"Let him finish," she scolded.
"Okay, first of all, fuck you White, you little asshole. Maybe Yellow is right. Oh, you sonofabitch, take that
After what seemed like forever, their coach finally walked inside, along side Flash. "Alright, line up!" Coach Jacoby shouted, clapping his hands as the students jogged to the line that went around the gymnasium. Stepping in front of his students, with Flash by his side, Coach Jacoby clapped his hands. "As you may not know, my name's Coach Jacoby and I'll be your gym teacher this year. And each year, I like to pick one of the best gym students to help me and stay by my side."
"Stark," Romanov sighed. "I don't think that's going to work. He's a mercenary. He's not just going to have his number open to the wor--"
After all, Peter Parker was just a kid.
Using his Spidey Senses to make sure nobody was around, he pulled his black bag out of the backpack and walked over to the bedroom's bathroom. "Holy shit.." Peter whispered to himself as he looked around the bathroom. "This bathroom is as big as my old bedroom." he muttered. Biting the inside of his cheek, he opened the doors below the sink and placed his bag in there. Making sure it was out of site and secure, he closed it back and walked back towards his bags.
Going to the white desk, the young superhero picked up the glass of room temperature water and placed it to his lips. Taking a sip, Parker once against winced at the new, but familiar, substance sliding down his throat. Placing the glass back down on the desk, Peter stared at the food on the little tray the girl's provided. Though the food was still decently warm, the young teen couldn't bring himself up to eat any of it. It was like all of his appetite went away.
(See the end of the chapter for
"For what?" the totally clueless Tony Stark questioned, tilting his head to the right. Not even hesitating, Wanda Maximoff brought up her fist and punched Stark straight in the face. Flying backwards, the male hit his head on the ground and slipped off into a soft sleep.
A nervous laugh echoed through the line. "We, uh, kinda need you to come and pick us up.."
With that, Peter knew what he had to choose.
Sitting up in a flash, she looked at the boy with wide, somewhat tear filled, eyes. "Peter?" she questioned in a whisper. She had to check, this could have been one of her dreams again where Peter was up and healthy and
“What do you mean?”
"Peter is," Romanoff sighed, "Peter is trans. Meaning that --"
"What do you mean MJ's killer? That's what we've been talking about." Steve commented.
The sound of Tony's footsteps making their way closer echoed through his ears.
"Well..." he drawled, a mischevious smirk on his face. "I said the
With a big yawn, Peter rubbed his eyes, "Who?" he questioned tiredly.
[Holy shit, that laugh.. it's --]
Confused, Clint obliged and the two ran (literally) towards the garage. Getting in one of the cars, Natasha grabbed the keys, turned the car on, and flew out of their like a bat from hell. "Nat, what's going on?" Clint questioned finally, not liking how he was often left out of stuff, such as conversations and important things -- like this. Though, when he was with Natasha, that rarely ever happened.
The doctor smiled. "Thank you."
Leeds was currently sitting on Peter's bed, the blankets around his shoulders as he sat crisscross in the middle. His phone, Loki assumed, was in his hands.
With that being said, Spider-Man cleared his throat once more, trying his best to start up a different subject -- one of him
"Still," Peter pressed on, "Thank you. I don't know what I would do without you -- I mean it."
-- kept resurfacing again and again.
And so, Peter Parker
A stray tear rolled down Peter's face as he sniffed. Clutching the cut out clipping to his chest, and raised his knees to his chest. Placing his chin on his knees, he silently cried for a good ten minutes.
As soon as he reached his destination, he booked himself inside and carried everything into his workshop. Placing the bags onto the floor lazily, he immediately grabbed his screwdriver and safety goggles.
It was right near where Peter heard the girl screaming.
[I do agree. It
(and if you don't celebrate Christmas, Happy Holidays/Winter Season!)
"Well, first time for everything." Natasha smiled down at him. With that, the two made their way to the cream coloured store. Up above the entrance, in big bold letters, the name of the store was printed out.
Peter felt numb. He hasn't ate, showered, or barely even slept. He could feel that his depression was coming back up on him again, but he just didn't want to admit it. Swallowing, the young teenager winced as his throat was dry. Placing the pillow that was on his stomach to the side, the brown haired boy walked towards his bedroom desk. Upon the desk was some food and water. Peter told Wanda and Natasha to stop bringing in food and such, he knew he wasn't going to eat it, but still, they refused to and traded the food out for every meal of the day; breakfast, lunch, dinner, midnight snack.
"Got it--" Bruce spoke, his voice filled with concern for the 'unknown' person. With that, Clint hung up the phone, stuffed it in his pocket, and ran over to Natasha and the unconscious boy.
"Th.. Thank you, sir." Parker thanked him before stepping into his bedroom. "Holy..." he muttered to himself at the gigantic room.
“Now, let me help you pack,” she smiled, standing up once more and walking over towards the brown dresser drawers.
"The last thing we need is an emotional, angry Iron Man flying around and threatening each student with death until one of them cough up." Clint added, crossing his arms over his chest as he and Natasha watched from a slight distance.
But she wasn't
let Bruce tell Tony."
All around the kitchen (and living area), was streamers ranging from white to red to pinks, and hearts plastered on the walls, and balloons on ever surface. But, the most delicate, and time consuming, decoration was the handmade heart banner going from one end of the kitchen counter to the other that read
Peter rolled his eyes before going to the bathroom. Turning on the water, he cupped his hands and filled them up before splashing his face.
Peter's eyes suddenly felt heavy, his lack of sleep getting the better of him. Seeing this, the god quickly scooted over to where his back was against the wall and opened his arms. "You can lay on me if you would like. You are deprived of human touch, this is the least I can do to help you, for now at least."
Once more, Peter bobbed his head. If he went to Helheim, he wouldn't have to deal with any of the pain and constant depression. But if he went to Valhalla, he would be apart of an even
Sliding open the notification, he read the message with blurry eyesight.
“Oh, Natasha, cut him some slack. I was same way before turning into ‘Captain America’.” a blond headed man sighed. Eyes widening, Peter realized it was Captain America. THE Captain America.
This time, the younger Spider only laughed, nodding his head. "Right."
A Thanksgiving Special!
"Come on, Brucie, please!" Clint whined, pouting his lip as he gave the man his best puppy dog eyes. He's been begging for exactly five minutes and twenty three seconds.
to get himself killed?" he asked, his eyebrows to his hairline. Throwing his hands up, he began to pace the living area's floor space.
for Aunt May to come and open his door, warning him that dinner was nearly finished and that he needed to finish up his schoolwork.
"When was dinner again?" Peter questioned, not quite remembering because of his fright.
“I-It’s Spider-Man.” Parker pointed out, looking down at the ground.
Memories of Flash came back into his mind when he found out about Peter being trans. Ever since then, Flash would always call Peter by a crude nickname (Penis Parker was always his favourite) or dead naming him. Some days it was just mental abuse; other days were less fortunate. Peter still even lies to Aunt May about why he comes home from school covered in bruises.
"Why--" Peter's voice cracked. Damn, it was time for his shot. Clearing his throat, a blush on his cheeks, he restarted his sentence. "Why did you send the both of them?"
"Brother... Why haven't you told me this?" Loki spoke in a whisper, her heart aching as tears glistened in her eyes. But she wouldn't let them fall. Not in front of all these people.
{Don't you mean,
"Control that stomach of yours, Clint."
"Should we call Strange up? He could help. oOH! We could have
Natasha rolled her eyes, a small smile on her face, "Thank you, Wanda. Really. Let's keep this between us, alright?" Nodding her head, the witch watched as Clint and Natasha ran off into the lab with a, still, comatose Peter Parker.
do that? We need a plan -- and a way to actually
(See the end of the chapter for
"Peter --" the Witch tried again, but he shook his head. Gripping the edges of his sheets, the young boy sprang from the bed, completely ignoring the strong pain he was feeling because of said actions. "Peter!" Wanda tried, watching as he backed away from her and towards the door. "Peter, please! I didn't mean to go that far into your memories -- you have to believe me!"
Hi guys, I would just like to say a couple of things.
Peter's lips met Wade's.
"STARK," Natasha growled, sending a shiver down Tony's spine. "I'm not saying that Leeds had any right to say what he said, but he is grieving, and so is Peter. Ned took out his anger and frustration on the first person he saw, which happened to be Peter. If you were there, it would've been you, the same for any other person in this fucking room. They were both ticking time bombs and it was only a matter of time before one of them went off. Sure, Ned had a helping hand in Parker's disappearance, but it wasn't completely his fault."
Still, the old woman protested. "Listen here lady, I'm in charge of this station, and what happens back here is under my supervision -- meaning I'm the boss. If I say
The night drew to an end, everyone parting their ways; Rhodey went back to his house and Aunt May was called a taxi to take her back to her own home. The rest of the Avengers went back to their room. Tony and Steve both allowed Wade to stay the night, seeing how late it was, but only if they didn't, as Tony put it, 'fondue'. (Steve smacked Stark upside the head after that).
." Loki threatened. Leeds shuttered but he didn't budge.
Also; the new IW trailer has me sHoOk??! If they hurt ANY of my babies (says this about the whole cast) I will come through the screen and kill that purple grape myself.
"I'm sorry, hun.." she smiled sympathetically at the hurt boy. A single man tear slipped down his face. He chewed the inside of his cheek to stop from groaning in pain outerly. Quickly grabbing a different towel, Nat dried the 'wounds' througholy. Then taking the oitment, she rubbed it over the big spots, wrapping them in bandages. "I advise you to not where your binder for a couple of days." she intructed once more.
Peter looked up to her, only now hearing her. Texting a goodbye to Ned and Wade, separately of course, he closed his phone and put it back on the bedside table. "Decent, I guess." Peter finally answered her.
"I changed your clothes, so I hope you don't mind. That pair of pajamas were the first ones I saw -- plus they're your favourite, aren't they? You were them constantly." she raised an eyebrow at the faded shirt and pants. "As for your binder, that godforsaken thing is in the trash -- where it belongs."
Tony shook his head, an amused expression on his face as he went over to his scrap pile and pulled out nearly ten different types of wood and metals. "What are you doing up so early anyways? It's around four in morning -- which is way to early for you."
“Kid, slow down, you’re making me dizzy.” Stark grumbled, placing his head in his hand, closing his eye for a minute or two.
Spider-Man, both inwardly and outerly, shuddered at the thought. Aunt May /can/ be scary when she wants to be.
"Where to first?"
Opening his eyes, his thoughts were confirmed when he saw a distraught Peter Benjamin Parker hugging him to firmly that Ned thought that he was going to lose oxygen.
Opening Peter's door, both Loki and Peter walked towards the elevator. Getting in, Loki glanced down towards the human. Shaking his head, he sighed. "Keep your head up, child. Shoulders back and posture straight. No one of high-importance such as yourself should be walking around as if they're in a ball."
A woman then walked into the classroom, breaking Peter's thoughts. The woman had brown, greying hair and round glasses. Ignoring the class, she placed down her bag and turned around her to pick up a stray piece of chalk and began to write on the board. It was some kind of equation that Peter was sure they would be learning.
"I think I know what this is about..." Thor inwardly winced. "Listen, sister, I--"
Thor looked onwards towards the scene playing out, his teeth bared and his hands in fists. Loki glanced a look at his brother as he felt guilt overpower him.
See, every since he got his new superpowers, he has began to heal twice as fast as the average person, as well as a lost of other things. But these wounds are being stubborn. They wouldn't go away.
Humming to himself, he then went over towards the medicine cabinet, pulling out his Testosterone, placing it carefully in the black bag as well.. Mumbling incoherently, he zipped the bag back up, and threw it into his backpack. Walking over towards his desk, where his clothes for the trip to Stark Tower was laid out, he grabbed them and rushed back into the bathroom, locking the door as he turned on the shower water.
"Brother Anthony please lay off of Loki -- and sister, please lay off of brother Anthony. You both are going through some things and are taking it out on the nearest person, which so happens to be each other." Thor interjected. "We are both here to help Brother Peter, are we not?"
Reaching for his phone, he ignored the concerned voice of his mother. Opening the phone, he saw there was one notification on his phone.
Peter, I read the last couple chapters -- the fuck is wrong with flash??
Natasha looked to the floor as Peter then turned slightly to take off the death contraption. The dirty, raged, worn out, chest reducing fabric fell to the floor with a soft 'thud'. "Y-You can look up n-now." Peter stuttered once more. Maybe stuttering should have been his superpower. Or, maybe, disappointment. He seemed very good at the two.
out of Peter. But besides that, it was quite silent. Too silent.
The demi-god smiled softly. "Good. But first, you need to wash up. You reak of so many bodily orders that it's hard to tell which one is which." Peter rolled his eyes as he stood up and headed towards his dresser drawers. Loki sniffed the air, a sour expression on his face. "Seriously child, it smells like Thor's chamber's after coming back from a long hunt."
"Oh my god, you're Loki!" he squeaked, backing up to where his back hit the wall. The man -- god --
Sometimes Wade wondered who was the smarter one out of the two. Tilting his head, Wade thoughts momentarily.
Yes, I do understand that it is a /bit/ underage, but it is more suitable than Peter being fifteen and Wade being, well, however old he is!
“Hey, Peter, my name’s Steve Rogers, you would know me best as Captain America.” Rogers said, walking up to the brown haired boy and held his head out to him.
Peter grinned, "Yeah."
know.
"What happened to the supermarket shindig?" Stark questioned, screwing a piece of material into place.
Hawkeye smiled as he walked over towards the bed and sat down next to her, revealing a box that was behind his back. "Happy Valentine's Day, honey."
Stark sighed, turning back and rubbing his face worriedly. "He wouldn't listen to any of us. No one understands the situation enough, plus, add the other
"Does Mr Stark know?" Peter finally asked through their short lived silence.
{Oh my god, Peter is
"Turns out," the desk lady spoke, eyebrow raised. "They were caught fighting and tackling each other in the men's changing room yelling profanities over a video recorder -- which is prohibited in dressing rooms. They're both being charged for public nudity, assault and battery charge, as well as verbal abuse and threats."
Natasha hung up the phone and looked at the ceiling in complete annoyance.
"More like lack of them." Iron Man raised an eyebrow. Once more, Banner sighed, tugging at his sweater pawed hand. "It--It's nothing, don't worry about." he muttered after a moment. "So, what are you building for Steve this time?"
Walking in, almost everyone lightened up at the sight of the boy. "Hey, Peter!" Wanda smiled, cutting short her conversation with Vision. Vision nodded his head in greeting, saying a quick 'good morning'.
"E-Everything, really.." Parker muttered under his breath, his breath becoming a bit more ragged than before. "Listening to me when I needed to talk to someone, and you to actually listen is --
"Is he
not at all, spiderling. I wish I was there to stop him, though. What he did is totally not cool.
“Peter!” May yelled back up, grabbing the boys attention.
"We're going to take to the streets. Search every corner and every possible alleyway. Baby boy likes to stalk in the shadows, whether he's out of spandex or not. Tony Stank, Siri-Rip-Off, Rhode Island, and Bald Eagle can take to the sky -- and I guess Hawkdude can too 'cause I know how much he likes being
Laughing at the shirt he picked out, he blowdried his hair breifly, leaving the rest to air dry, before turning the bathroom light off and strolled back into his ‘quarters’. Finishing up the things left to do, (all including to double check everything, pack his laptop and charger). Noticing that there was only a little bit of T left, he made a mental note to ask Aunt May to get it refilled, seeing that he was still unfunfortable getting it himself.
Rolling his eyes, Parker scoffed. "Oh, shush," he spoke in the same tone, watching as Loki sat up from his spot and began walking towards the door. Taking a deep breath, he followed after the god.
Shaking his head, Peter walked over to the shop with Wade, noticing how famished he was as well. This tiny snack could hold them over until they get to eat back at the Tower. The Avengers, and co, decided to just order food in instead of making a big deal like the year before Peter arrived -- which he was still confused about. Something to do with chicken, eggnog, and fondue..?
Softly laying him down in the backseat, the young teen grunted in pain, though he was still unconscious. Closing the doors, on both sides, the two superheroes leaped into the front, and drove off to the Tower.
Cracking open his eyelids, Steve Rogers came face to face with a beautiful wood stained vinyl player, a big red bow tied to the top. Steve's eyes widened. "Is this -- is this for
Wrong.
Reaching around, Wade also pulled out a similar box. The two sat on Peter's bed, exchanging the gifts. Wade opened his first and he smiled tearilly. There, laid in the velvet coloured box, was a bracelet. On it had the coordinates of where they met engraved into the copper like gold surface. For once, Wade Wilson was silent.
"Shit." was all Clint replied as the car turned off. The two jumped out of the car, slamming the door behind them. Running up the stairs, the pair received strange looks from the passerby students. Some of them gasped and pointed out who they really were (Black Widow and Hawkeye). It was surprising, to say the least, seeing they were in casual clothing. Before they had received the panicked call, the two had been lounging in Clint's room, both reading their own books. They enjoyed their small, quiet time together, for they could hardly ever be alone at some points.
to it as well. It's sensory overload for the poor kid."
"Oh, hey, Peter." Wanda spoke walking into the kitchen with her usual smile on her face. "Hey, Steve."
Where was he, anyways? He would think as he glanced around the pure white room.
Deadpool clinched his jaw as he stared down at the now sleeping Peter Parker. They were only half way through the fifth movie, Harry Potter and Order of the Phoenix when the younger boy fell asleep, his head rested into Wade's side, his hand resting on his chest. Smiling lazily through the annoying black and red mask, Wilson lifted his arm slowly and pulled Peter even closer, letting his hand mess around in those beautiful brown curls. Pausing the movie, Wade glanced at the clock, noting that it was around ten that night. Hating himself for what he was about to do, Wade mentally punched himself.
Sam, James, and Wanda breathed in a shaky breath at the information. They wanted to deny it so much, but no matter how hard they did ignore the fact, the doctor was correct in the end. The only thing keeping Peter Benjamin Parker alive was his vengeance.
find out about you being beaten up, which you need to explain, by the way, but he won't find out about your secret -- not yet, that is. But," she sighed, a piece of her auburn hair falling in her face, "You do have to tell him soon. It's the best way. He won't get upset or disgusted with you," she reassured, answering the thought that was buzzing around in Peter's mind. "And if he is," her eyes darken, "then he is no longer someone I consider family."
Tony and Wanda passed out the wrapped parcels, everyone getting an equal amount -- which surprised both Wade and Peter. The group got the respective gifts from Peter. Tony loved the tie, seeing it was Ironman doodled. Steve loved his pocket watch, saying that he wanted a new one. Wanda loved her cooking supplies, instantly thanking the younger boy, saying that he shouldn't have got her anything. Bruce cackled at his beakers, which Stark laughed at as well.
Sam gave his friend a thin-lipped smile. "What we always do; make a plan and save the day."
Peter nodded his head, mumbling out a small "Y-yes.."
Then, Peter's stomach growled loudly.
"Guys," Clint chimed in, trying his best to hide back a smile. "Can we just get out stuff and leave? Because -- correct me if I'm wrong-- but I would like to get home to Nat before she wakes up."
Peter Parker's secret was out.
Thor shrugged. "It has never come up."
Wade cleared his throat with a grin. "WE'RE IN, BITCHES!"
I know I haven’t updated in actual months, so I thought I should give you all a reason for it.
"What?"
Unlike before, the music was turned down softly. Glancing over, Natasha bit her bottom lip. "I'm really sorry about what happened back there, you--"
Groaning, Peter looked down at the floor as he walked, almost running into IronMan once more as he came to a stop. "Here's your room, Spidey." he spoke in an amused voice.
The group of adults were all deadly silent, Wanda finally able to clamp down her grief, as they listened onwards, afraid they'd miss something vital.
"When was the last time we've seen the boys eat?" Bruce questioned, completely ignoring the last half of what Rogers just said.
"What the hell?!" Wanda nearly shrieked as she noticed the boy in their arms.
Slowly, he nodded his head. "A-alright.." he whispered out, barely audible. Wade wouldn't have heard him if it wasn't for White snapping at him to start cleaning him up.
Sliding down towards the ground, Peter restrained himself from fighting back. Sure, it didn't hurt
“Peter! Mr. Stark is here!” May shouted from the downstairs, making the poor boy jump from the sudden loud noise.
Tony Stark started his day by getting attacked by heart-shaped balloons. His nose burned from the strong smell of different brands of perfume, the smell of different flower worsened it even more.
Tony leaned forwards even more. "What's going on here, now?"
was an actual god sitting beside him?
"Coming!" Peter hollered once more. A huff was heard from the other side of the door.
"Peter," she spoke, "I need you to listen to me, alright?" Peter nodded slowly, sending a small wave of pain through his body. "Only Bruce and Clint know, and they will
"Yes! For the love of god SAY IT!"
"We're all walking on eggshells, guys. We have to figure out what our following actions are and/or should be."
"Natasha, I told you it was fine." Parker spoke in a wavering voice. Getting the cue that the young boy wants to be alone, Nat said her farewells and closed the door. Sniffing, Peter slid off his old tennis shoes and lightly threw them to the side. Laying back on his bed, he picked up his pillow and hugged it over his chest. That, was when Peter Parker broke down.
Parker gulped. He nodded his head before bringing his knees up to his chest; trying his best to hide the soft lumps in his hoodie. "Sorry, Nat.." he whispered out an apology. Natasha shook her head.
i heard something from MJ, what the hell happened, dude? you alright?
Completely ignoring the last comment, though Clint winked Wade's way playfully, (hey! who was he to pass up on some meaningless fun?), he turned back and began to survey the area.
"Yeah, but
Thor's face filled with remorse. "Is that you are always awake before first daylight?"
Oh, how Peter wanted to hurt that sonofabitch back. But, that would reveal his powers, and that was a big no-no. Sighing, Peter's ball dropped out of his hand, hitting the floor with an echoing thump. Turning to the side, Peter curled up into himself, awaiting the expecting pang of pain. A sharp pain took into his side, nearly sending him backwards (and if it wasn't for his stickiness, it would have).
Once more, Peter panicked. Eyes widening, he shook his head violently, holding back yells of pain. "Peter." Wade spoke softly, a hand placed on his cheek. Jumping slightly from the touch, the younger looked up to him with wide, fearful eyes. "I'm not -- you know I'm not going to hurt you. Nor will I judge you, baby boy. But I
Peter's heart fluttered. Why was his stomach suddenly twisting? There was a lump in his throat as he texted back. 'I mean, you could always stop by the tower...
"Isn't that what Steve's for?" Wade asked, dressed out in his infamous spandex costume. He was completely ignoring the stares of frightened children around him. From beside him, Clint sniggered.
“Anyway,” Tony cleared his throat while looking out the window, “We’re here.” he said with the best smile he could muster up.
"The camera was turned the wrong way."
Pulling into the driveway of the Avenger's Tower, Natasha parked the car and popped the trunk. Both Avenger's got out of the car and split the amount of bags each person should carry. Closing the trunk, Peter and Natasha made there way back up to the main room.
"Yes, Mr Stark?" the British AI replied instantly.
secret; and the one I'm about to tell you. If you don't, you will be on my list of people that I will personally
Once he was done with his face, Wade took the hand that Peter coughed blood into and wiped that clean as well. Placing the dirty rags on the old, stained coffee table. Wade took the opened water bottle and unscrewed the lid. Placing the plastic bottle to Spider-Man's lips, the young hero took a slow sip, hating the way it hurt his throat. After a couple more drinks of the liquid, Wade placed the bottle back on the table in front of him.
"Sorry, Pete, but I'm warn out, we've been cooking all day." Nat spoke up, Wanda nodding sadly in agreement. If she would, she would help the poor teenage boy in a heartbeat, but she was quite exhausted.
Rolling his eyes, Tony grabbed the remote from the coffee table and flipped the television on.
Tony goes after Peter to help comfort him. But like they say, good things don't last for long.
Raising an eyebrow, the female hero took the dark purple and red box. The package itself was beautiful, but the item inside was even
much that he was
‘Only a couple of more hundred dollars.’ he thought, thinking back to the jar filled with extra dollars and pennies for a chest reduction surgery.
{ *Gasp* }
Unfolding it, the male placed the quite large list onto the table. All three Avengers hovered over it. "This is the list of what we're making, fairly large, but we have a lot of people eating." Peter spoke aloud, looking between his right and left. The two girls nodded, agreeing. "Thor is in Asgard at the moment, so we don't need to worry about him for now, the same with Loki. Meanwhile Steve, Tony, Bruce, Sam, and Clint are out of the tower; and Vision is off somewhere in said tower. Aunt May and Wade isn't coming until later. This gives us about a couple of hours to finish cooking, set the table, and prepare for the chaos." Natasha raised an eyebrow while Wanda grinned.
Sighing, she ran a hand through her hair -- a nervous habit she picked up from Peter from the time they have spent together. "Unfortunately. I need to get him a new one, but I don't know his size."
Taking a deep breath, Bruce nodded his head, looking up at the assassins. "Peter got hurt at school -- badly. We need you to stable yourself so Peter can get the correct attention that he needs. An ordinary hospital is out of the question, seeing he has superpowers, and that would draw
Chewing the inside of his cheek, Peter made his way over towards the mirror hanging on the back of the bathroom door. Looking at himself up and down, Peter frowned. Pulling the baggy shirt over his head, he tossed it on the floor. He was now standing in front of the mirror in with his red sports bra. Gently taking it off, he laid it on the floor next to his graphic t. Examining the bruises and wounds, Peter cringed. They were still really read -- and it looked like they weren't going away as fast as he thought it would.
Right about then, Peter tripped over his untied shoe laces. Cursing to himself, he pushed himself up and retied them.
"Stark." Natasha scolded though she was completely ignored.
Peter heard Ned's breath hitch when those words were spoken, as well as his own. Even though he was Spider-Man, and could own the whole school, nobody else here knew that (except for MJ and Ned, of course). "You know the drill," Flash talked once more, his annoying voice almost echoing in the loud gym. Clapping his hands together for dramatic effect, Flash turned his back and began to walk towards the center. Looking over his shoulder, he raised an eyebrow. Jumping up with fright, the class followed after him towards the middle -- Peter, Ned, and Michelle following them slowly in the back.
Wade grinned a toothy grin. "Probably end up falling from the sky, right into a dumpster, and snapping both legs off to where you're paralyzed from the waist down, not being able to walk for the rest of your life."
Sighing, the man stretched his back. "I'm sure it's the same for you guys, but I'm not stopping until I find Peter. I'm just hoping that when we find him, he won't be in a body bag."
In this fanfic, however, Wade and Peter are waaayyy closer in age. For Peter, I'd like to imagine him as Seventeen/nearly eighteen, and for Wade, I like to imagine him to be nineteen/twenty -- roughly.
Currently, the billionaire was at a local supermarket, dressed in a cherry red jacket and sunglasses as he searched for the perfect gift for his beloved, Steve. It was only coincidental that he ran into two familiar faces. "Well, fuck me."
A few moments later, the boy was sound asleep. Placing his head against the white, cream coloured wall Loki closed his eyes as he began to hum a soft melody of a song that his mother used to sing to him. With the final note of the song, Loki drifted off to sleep as well.
"Go away, Wade." Peter spoke in whispering voice, not trusting his own voice.
Flash Thompson was nothing but a no-good
Turning around, Peter raised an eyebrow. "Hmm?"
Taking his soldier's hand, he dragged Steve to the desk hurriedly. "Now, let's go look at your present!" If anyone else saw this exchange, they would think that Tony was more of a energetic puppy who just took a slurp of his owner's coffee. But to Steve, it was almost normal. "Close your eyes!"
“Language, Peter.” May scolded, a hint of a smile on her face.
Sure, it hurt like hell, but at that moment, Peter could have cared less. His mind fluttered back to the conversation that he had with Death and Hel, and he sighed gratefully.
The truth about May.
"Oh, Pete..." she whispered, tears in her eyes as her chest began to hurt with pain and guilt. "I'm so sorry.. You shouldn't have to go through this.."
Wade's idea of a good time usually meant enchiladas, alcohol, and a good movie, but seeing that Peter couldn't drink, nor even stomach food at the moment, Wade had to improvise. So, there they were; New York's amazing Spider-Man laying up against the infamous mercenary watching Harry Potter -- which Deadpool claimed to be his favourite movie, well, at least
"We're just look around, but thank you." Nat smiled at the older woman. Nodding her head, the unnamed woman walked off to greet the next guest. After walking around a minute or two, they decided on a bunch of different clothing. Paying quickly, the two left the store and wondered around aimlessly for a bit.
This woke Peter straight up. Eyes widening, he ran a hand through his hair as he glanced at Wade's clock. "Shit," he muttered under his breath. Wiping away the sleepiness, Wilson only then noticed the dark circles under his eyes and the fatigue he was sporting. Frowning as Peter removed himself completely, Deadpool stood up himself. Parker grabbed his things and marched it to the bathroom to change back into his suit (and binder, though Wade was absolutely against the idea, saying that Peter needed to heal properly, but, when did Peter ever listen?)
[All in favor of killing that bastard, say aye.]
"If we can find them before Peter does, we can be damn sure that we will get our spider back." Natasha nodded.
Michelle --
"Yes, 'tis I, the frenchiest fry."
The Avengers looked towards the two children with sad looks on their face.
"Parker!" Coach Jacoby shouted. Turning around, Peter saw the couch summoning him.
"Dance with me, Steve."
Odinson shrugged. "None of you asked."
showing up is all about." he shrugged, before his gaze drifted down towards the piece of food on the floor. Staring at it longingly, he sighed deeply.
"Await what decision?" Peter repeated once more.
He was hurting again. All over.
Five minutes later, he stepped out of the shower, a towel wrapped around his lower half, and another hanging on his neck, blocking the view of his upper 'problems'. Closing the shower door behind him, he turned back around to face the mirror, a look of disgust on his face. Frowning, he grabbed his toothbrush and began to brush his teeth.
Ned thought. His mouth opened to speak those words, but closed them last second to save Parker's secret. "Dunno, just thought it would be nice to be up to date, I guess..?" The woman just shook her head once more before turning back towards the stovetop.
-Pinterest; https://www.pinterest.com/twincovers12171/can-you-keep-a-secret-trans-peter-parker/
Continuation of the chapter 'Becoming Unraveled."
how bad is the damage? You better not lie, either. I
, god of mischief, someone Peter hardly knows, knew this before all of us? This includes two
"I forgot to tell you that Natasha wanted to talk to you later today. Something about going somewhere."
!" Barton pouted, moving over to sit in front of Tony and his creation.
Tony placed a hand on his shoulder, gripping it tight as they walked to Aunt May's room. Nearly choking on his own breath, Parker pushed back the glass door that blocked him from his aunt. He was now able to see her much clearer now.
Smiling a tight lipped smile, Peter nodded his head, taking the clothes gently and weakly from the older male's hands. "Thank you, Wade."
The brunette sunk to his knees and his body hit the soft, carpeted floor with a
"I would never, Spidey." Wade talked softly and reassuringly to the young teen.
(See the end of the chapter for
Why was it getting harder to breathe?
"It's fine, Nat." Peter said swiftly. Though his voice was strong, he was falling apart inside.
Nodding, Peter picked up his bags and turned towards Mr. Stark who was leaning on the doorframe watching the scene go down. For a moment, Peter could have sworn he saw remorse flash across his eyes. But as quick as it was there, it was gone.
"Wade, I told you to go away." Peter's jaw ticked.
"Get a little emotional, don't you know? You could fool around and make me mad," they sung in unison as they stopped near a red light. The person in the car beside of them gave them a sideways glance, but in the end didn't say anything.
He knew that hug from anywhere.
Once the turkey was in the oven, Natasha began working on the mash potatoes. Pulling out a cutting board, the Avenger also pulled out two bags of large potatoes. Sighing, Romanoff poured all of the potatoes into a very big bowl, and began to wash each of them carefully -- but quickly at the same time. Once that was finished, Nat skinned the potatoes, Peter helping her out as the stuffing was cooking. After what seemed to take forever, the potatoes were finally peeled. Instead of cutting them up smaller, then smashing them, Natasha just muttered a small 'fuck it' and threw them back into the bowl, taking the potato masher and smashed them together.
Out of all people to find out (on accident, for god's sake), Tony Stark was
Nearly three minutes passed and Wilson still hasn't made a noise -- nor a
"This is all Ned's fault," Tony muttered under his breath.
!" Standing up from his computer, Stark stalked off to the kitchens. The door slamming behind him made even Wade flinch.
"How can you feel it?" Peter inquired, his head turning as though he was a lost puppy. The elder grinned at this.
It's the first day back to school, and Peter crosses his fingers that everything goes smooth. Or, at least, less bumpy.
But I swear I’m trying my best, and hopefully in the near future I can start updating more frequently — fingers crossed.
"Nope, just little 'ol me."
hungover. Then, realization dawned on him.
"Morning, mom." he smiled back as he sat on one of the barstools on the counter. "Whatever you're making smells delicious."
The only thing he could do was carefully take it out of the box and slip it on his wrist. Placing his hands on either side of Peter's face, he kissed the younger boy passionately, the only way he could say 'thank you' at the moment. Peter smiled as they pulled apart. Now, it was time for Peter to open his.
Loki, seeing the male's panicked state, he quickly answered. "The reason they called me down here was that I know what it's like to have everything in my reach fall apart. I also know what it is like to have a hatred for your own body."
Peter and Ned hardly came out of Peter's room, and everyone was too afraid to ask them to come out of said room.
A knock sounded from the door, Tony's famous smirk growing even wider. Clint just groaned as Steve looked amused. Grabbing the food, only after paying, he walked into the kitchen -- everyone following suit. Sitting down, Steve took a place besides Tony, who took a seat besides Sam. Next, Wanda took a seat besides Natasha, Natasha taking a seat besides Clint. Bruce sat at one end of the table while there was only one empty spot on the other end.
Nodding his head slowly, Peter replied with a whisper of a ‘yes’.
Turning towards his bedroom door, Parker stared at it, waiting and
The team, plus Deadpool and Loki, have been trying to figure out where their little spider could have possibly disappeared to, but every time that they get one-eighth of a lead, something comes along and destroys it. Thus, they're always back to square one.
Going into the men's side, Peter avoided looking at all the other people going in and out of stalls. Finding an empty one, Peter walked in and closed the door, making sure to lock it behind him. Peter was always afraid of going into the men's dressing room -- always afraid someone would call him out for not being 'a real boy' or walking in on him mid-dressing and finding out he has breasts.
Now it will be even longer before I see you again.
“Everybody, meet Peter Parker, also known as Spider-Man.” Tony smiled, which earned a few chuckles from a certain red head,
Iron Man nodded his head, taking in the news before Peter spoke up once more in confusion, “Wait-- why did you do a background check on me?”
Tony gawked. "Natasha, are you serious?! This is
Banner zoned out slightly at the conversation, focusing on dealing with his patient. "Nat," he suddenly called. Snapping her back towards Banner, she raised an eyebrow. "I-I can't get this binder off without hurting him even more. It's, like, three sizes too small. If I even tried it would put him in even
Once more, Natasha nodded her head. "If it will help Peter heal and get the treatment he needs, then yes -- anything."
At that moment, no one noticed a limping young teenager walking into the living area, wide eyed as he heard familiar voices playing through the speaker system. Tony looked up quickly, finally hearing him approach the room, trying his best to grab the remote to mute the telly, but it was already too late.
the oncoming headache.
puzzles Wade.
"Very unlikely." was the annoyed reply. "Why do they even make this kind of stuff anyways? What the hell?"
"Peter Parker, you are
"Lie."
Ned's heart seemed to stop mid-beat as it sunk from his stomach to the cold, ground. His hand went over his mouth as he felt the sudden need for the toilet. Pushing off the barstool -- it falling over behind him, as he rushed off towards the bathroom.
we're
Just then, Bruce, Tony, Steve, Clint, and Sam walked into the kitchen. Upon entering, Tony licked his lips, Clint following suit in actions. Rolling his eyes, Peter chuckled softly. Sam, trying his best, tried to sneak a bite of the stuffing, but his hand was swatting away by Steve who was trying his best to give a strong glare, but resulted in giving up by Sam's puppy dog eyes. Damn him. "Smells delicious!" a new voice hollered. Stark groaned, a frown appearing on his face.
He wanted to just sit down and laugh happily over a stupid joke that May heard during her shift at the hospital. He wanted to laugh --
"Stop right there." Nat interrupted with a hand in front of her. Peter stopped mid-sentence. It would be a great lie to say that he wasn't intimidated by The Avengers. "You don't have to go all formal, like we've said before. Call me Natasha -- or Nat for shorter." she smiled slightly, her soft green eyes shimmering softly in amusement.
Laughing to himself, Peter Parker shook his head with a smile on his face. Out of all the things he was thankful for, he was probably most grateful for his makeshift family. Sure, it wasn't perfect, but it was family. And for that, he couldn't have been happier.
"Can I say it? Can I, can I, can I, ca--"
"Not going to question why you have your phone hooked up to a
"Five minutes, sir. Now, four." he corrected.
gonna bang us afterwards,}
"Joking is my coping mechanism."
Thor, however, stayed to the side. His once bright eyes looked somewhat dazed and a thousand yards away ever since the Avenger's makeshift therapy session. Loki stayed by her brother's side too, though. She was unmoving, but her thoughts were set to rapid fire mode.
"Please, Ms Ainsley, this is my home!" Peter begged his landlord. They've been discussing this matter for approximately five minutes and fourteen seconds. The young hero was running out of energy -- and fast too. "This is where I grew up -- this place has all of my memories! All that's left of Uncle Ben and Aunt May!"
Even though Wade killed people for a living, that didn't stop him from
There he was, Tony Stark in his living room eating a scone and chatting it up with Aunt May. ‘Oh my god’ Peter thought, trying to contain his excitement.
"W-Wade.. do you mind if I swing by?"
After Michelle's death, Mrs Leeds took the offer that both Steve and Tony offered; Ned to move in temporarily with them. The woman was confused at first, that is until Steve spoke up from his place -- correcting what Stark had said previously.
In -- and out.
"You really like that kid, huh?"
"This is my fault..." he muttered towards Loki, not being able to turn around to see any other person's face. "I killed Michelle... oh my god, I killed Michelle!" he sobbed, his legs suddenly becoming even weaker. Luckily, Loki was there to catch him before he hit the floor.
It was only when his phone rang that he pulled apart. By then, Peter was no longer crying, just a few sniffs here and there. Answer the phone, Tony frowned deeply. "I understand. We will be right there. Thank you."
nose to nose.
The silver-tongued prince merely raised an eyebrow. "He hasn't told you. Oh, that's depressing."
Once that was down, he through on a very loose graphic-t that read;
A small smile was placed on his lips as he looked at the assassin. Moving his finger the slightest, Peter held back a loud groan of pain, hoping to capture his friends attention. Romanoff, of course, didn't catch it, for it was barely there and she was sound asleep for what was probably the first time in a while. Closing his eyes tightly, Parker breathed. Moving his finger once more, he felt Natasha go stiff.
Pulling at his sleeve, he groaned softly. Why was he getting so upset about this? It's just a stupid house, isn't it?
Peter wasn't the best at kissing. Truth be told, that kiss right there that he shared with the merc was his first. So, he didn't know if kissing was suppose to leave you breathless or if it was just Wade. But
-----
"I, uh.." Maximoff stuttered, her eyes widening as they darted around the room for any acceptable answer. "You see.. there was this, uh, fly.."
(Also, like all the rest of the chapters these are unedited, so if you see a mistake, please let me know and when I go through and edit it all, I will fix it. Thank you.)
Peter nodded his head. "Please," Hel talked, "Take your time. This is, after all, a big decision. One that you cannot take back."
"I agree with the Midgardian." Loki spoke, "I don't think I can handle another 'punny' joke, either." Thor nodded his head. Wade also agreed, though it was more louder, consisting of 'Oh my Chuck, will you shut the
"What were you doing up there?" Wade questioned for the umpteenth time.
[You say that like we own him.]
Everyone piled food onto their plates, Peter, Steve, and the two brothers went back for their seconds before anyone was halfway finished with their first. The group laughed, telling jokes and whatnot, that is, until Stark decided to break out a couple cold ones.
