It comes quite a long way into the evening, when Dean and Cas are too busy fighting over the jukebox to notice anything but each other, Benny’s getting refills at the bar with Charlie, and Bal is off flirting with every one of the wait staff at once, particularly that one waiter with the
After a few moments arms slide around him and the weight of Cas’ body leans into his back. Dean turns his head, is met with a press of Cas’ lips against his temple.
“Hey Sam,” Meg grins, conspiratorial and jerks a thumb at where Cas is leaning on Dean while they wait to be served. “You grew up with those two dumbasses. So spill, have they always been this sickeningly into each other?”
Cas tucks his phone into his back pocket and does with a widening smile. As soon as he’s within reach, Dean snags his wrist, reels him in and spins them to press Cas into the side of the car. Cas lets him, just slings his arm around Dean’s neck for balance and stares up at him with shining eyes.
“What’s the matter with you?” Naomi snaps over breakfast, and Castiel jumps. His coffee slops over the back of his hand. It’s barely hot enough to hurt, but he seizes the excuse to turn his back to her and run his hand under the cold tap.
The clock flicks to midnight. The first fireworks burst into the sky. And Castiel’s suddenly overwhelmed with the strongest rush of his soulmate’s emotions that he’s ever felt. It’s warmth, excitement, fierce affection. It feels like.
Naomi opens her mouth but Castiel cuts in, keeping his eyes trained on his hands putting his mug into the dishwasher.
Glancing one more time around the silent array of desks, Castiel slips his hand into his pocket and runs his thumb up the side of his phone. A couple of quick taps and he’ll have any knowledge he wants in his hands. But even as his thumb skates over the power button, Naomi’s disapproving face looms out of his subconscious.
Castiel knows it’s tradition to kiss at the dawn of the new year. He’s dreamt about it sometimes, someone’s arms around him and their lips on his beneath the fireworks. Never really thought he’d get to experience it.
Fortunately for her, Balthazar takes just as much delight as she does in winding up the happy couple and the definitely-not-a-couple both.
But Dean. Dean had to head into this without even that fundamental knowledge. He’d had to walk in completely blind.
So that’s why two nights later finds her jimmying the lock on Dean and Cas’ apartment door, Balthazar an impatiently fidgeting presence at her back.
Dean’s little brother visits a lot, so much that it often feels like he’s an extension of their friendship group, albeit one who’s banned from their occasional illicit beers and never joins them on their all-nighters. Meg likes Sam from his very first appearance, mostly due to the glitter prank he pulled on Dean within two minutes of his arrival.
School is close to intolerable. Castiel grits his teeth through the endless classes, pushing the siren call inside down, down, down. The harder he tries, the stronger the pull seems to get. By the time classes finally end and Castiel spills out of the building with the rest of the crowd he feels lightheaded from fighting it back.
Next to him he hears Cas inhale sharply, then Cas’ hand lands on his thigh, squeezes. He flicks his eyes across to meet Cas’ blazing gaze. Seals the promise with a smile and an answering press of his hand.
Castiel can’t help but bring his other hand up too, press both his palms against the span of Dean’s shoulders. Dean shudders under his touch and Cas pulls back. The marks dim and the starlight winks out inside Cas, leaving him feeling as he had for his whole life before that touch. Normal and bereft all at once.
Now Cas is naked, dripping wet on all fours with the human behind him. His breath hitches and his fingers dig into the mattress as he mentally prepares himself for pain, surely the human is about to spank him for his accident.
Castiel feels himself hardening against the toga that clings to him. The human smells so good, like a rich, deep cologne and Cas can’t stop breathing him in, wanting more. He’s used to the clouds rewarding him after he pisses, maybe... the human can reward him instead?
Dean is polluting him with his arousal. He tries desperately to speak back to the human, to make any kind of noise to indicate his pleasure. He lets out a rough grunt and Dean starts kissing against his neck, pushing his fingers even closer...
Cas’ breaths are coming rapidly again and he has to fight down the urge to cry. He is shuddering and gasping deeply as tears fill his eyes. He misses Dean... and he honestly never thought he would ever feel this way. Cas has such hatred for the human after he yanked him out of his life, but still, this is much worse. Cas is all by himself, completely caged from the world. He’s going to go crazy if Dean doesn’t come home soon.
Dean slides the key into the lock, quickly opening the door and stepping inside. A rush of cool air hits him and he’s surprised to find that everything is still in order. There’s no mess...
He knows that he would like it. Dean is already gasping for breath while he stares at Cas, waiting for his answer. It’s obvious that Dean wants this, and Cas wants him to stay. He never wants to wake up and find an empty bed again.
was where the human was pissing! This was where Cas could go too! How could he not have noticed this porcelain looking seat before? How could he have been so naive?
Cas shifts in his handcuffs, but he doesn't want to grab himself in front of the two other men. He struggles to keep from leaking and would swear that he can feel urine making its way down his shaft. His muscles are still weak from the drugs, he’s not really able to fight it.
Crowley reaches down and pulls Castiel’s toga up, exposing his ass to the human in a lewd display. He’s too desperate to fight Crowley off; all he can do is focus on holding back the flood bursting to get out of him.
Cas is squirming all around and trying to stand up, but Dean won’t let him move. He forces Cas to go still again when another hard smack is laid across his ass cheek.
Castiel makes an apologetic noise, looking up at the man with wide eyes and putting his hands up in surrender. His muscles are weakened, he can’t defend himself properly. The last thing Cas wants to do is fight.
Cas whimpers loudly, shivering with need as a few more hot drops slide down his legs. He’s dripping all over the place, desperate to just finish what he started.
Dean is breathing all over his skin, kissing and touching him, lighting Cas up from the inside out. Cas can’t lay still, instead he twists and whimpers and considers trying to run. But Dean’s sweet voice keeps him grounded and glued to the bed.
The night ends for Cas on the couch, laying with his head on Dean’s lap as the two silently bond. The human was watching television, occasionally running his fingers through Cas’ hair, rubbing against his scalp.
Cas blinks slowly, fascinated with the television as he watches whatever show it is that Dean has playing. He can’t help but squirm around a bit, there’s a weight growing in his bladder that’s becoming harder to ignore, even when he’s completely engrossed in the TV. Dean doesn’t seem to notice though; he never once looks away from the screen.
It takes a few seconds longer than Dean would expect for Cas to finally stop pissing. When his stream finally dies Dean pulls back, unbuttoning his jeans and releasing his cock, looking at Cas in the eyes.
Apple Podcasts Link: https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/the-podcast-w-benefits/id1539335149?i=1000499247683
The blue top sheet is stained indigo everywhere Cas’ piss has touched, there’s no way he can hide this... Dean is going to be so upset with him.
It’s the first time Cas has really seen a human this close and the one before him is beautiful. He’s got warm, tan skin. His eyes are deep forest green, just like the trees Castiel used to fly above, and he stands tall, his shoulders thrown back in a quiet kind of confidence. He’s frowning at Cas, but that seems to only bring attention to his plush, pouted lips. Cas stares at him in wonder, ogling him a little bit, but he can’t help it. He’s captivated by Dean’s soul... It shines like a priceless gemstone of purity and the sight of it is taking Cas’ breath away.
Crowley chuckles, mojoing his arousal away. He can’t afford to start touching the product now; no, he’ll leave that to Dean Winchester. There’s no way he’ll pass up the angel after he sees a performance like that. The only thing Crowley had to do is ensure that Cas wets himself while the transaction takes place.
Apple Podcasts Link: https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/the-podcast-w-benefits/id1539335149?i=1000499247683
All his pleasure comes from the clouds, quick and innocent, but this is different. It’s slow, teasing, and it’s making Cas harden between his thighs, lessening the need in his bladder as arousal takes over.
Despite not being able to understand him, Cas listens intently to Dean’s words, trying to decode their meanings. He would swear that the human is admiring him by the tone in his voice.
Finally, Dean quiets the alarm, only to be met with the sound of Cas sniffling. He turns to look and sees that the angel is crying. His heart sinks and he bites at his lower lip as a twinge of guilt runs through him. He hates seeing the angel cry, especially when it’s his fault. Was he being too cruel?
Castiel isn’t the first stormcloud angel to piss on his rug, but it is the first time Crowley couldn’t look away.
Cas pulls away from Dean a little bit, staring at his mouth with heavily squinted eyes. Almost like his lips are a puzzle that Cas is trying to solve. After a few seconds of staring Dean looks away from the screen and mirrors Cas’ confused expression when he notices the angel gazing at him so seriously.
Cas hunkers down at the tone of his voice. He doesn’t understand the words Dean is saying and at this point he doesn’t care. All this time he’s been searching for a place that he could go without any kind of humiliation or regret, and finally, he’s found it. His eyes were glued to the toilet bowl and he races forward, dancing around behind Dean, desperate for his turn.
The moment the fabric touches him; he knows. It’s marked with angel weakening sigils. He can neither move nor fight his way out. Castiel goes still, trying to keep calm as voices start speaking to each other.
Dean is cooing at him, kissing at Cas’ ears as he crumbles against him, his poor, tired body trying to recover.
If you wanna message me and just say hi, give me some ideas for the story or share some feedback in a more private place, I'm SupernaturalEmerald on Tumblr and I'm always open to talk!
Cas’ eyes bulge again and Dean watches as a wave of defiance sets in behind blue eyes. He looks livid, turning away from Dean to try and force the door open. The door rattles in its frame, but stays shut.
Despite how much Dean hates it, Cas loves pissing in the bed. It’s soft, just like the clouds... It feels like home. He could lay on his stomach and just lose himself, letting it all rush out while he’s completely relaxed...
Crowley smirks, and snaps his fingers, urging his demons to come forward, grab Castiel and then throw him back into the large black sack.
It’s early in the morning, the sun hasn’t even risen yet and for some reason, Dean’s phone is chiming loudly from the bedside table. Castiel glares at the strange device, the brightness of its screen making his eyes hurt. He doesn’t really understand the thing’s purpose. All he really knows is that it makes a lot of noise and Dean spends a lot of time staring and poking at it.
Cas chews his bottom lip as he roughly yanks the sheets onto the bed, stressing about getting it perfect. He does it exactly the same way as Dean always does, hoping to make the human proud when he finally gets home.
Shivers race down Castiel’s spine, making him arch against the mattress. He doesn’t know what those words mean, but they sound so good that he’s excited to learn their meanings. Dean’s lips kiss across his torso, licking over one of his nipples and Cas cries out at the touch, his cheeks burning a bright red as embarrassment rushes through his veins.
Cas feels his muscles tightening, squeezing tightly around Dean’s cock and throbbing with each of his thrusts. With each roll of his hips Cas was pushed closer to orgasm. His body was on fire, frozen in those tight few moments right before the big climax and with a silent shout Cas comes undone, soaking his own chest with his cum.
A tingle of pleasure races up his spine as his stream breaks loose, and with a pleased little sigh, Cas is pissing in the toilet.
When the white, porcelain chair comes into view Cas is overcome with joy. It isn’t a raincloud, but it may be the next best thing. It’s a place where Cas can finally go in peace, without making a mess and maybe, for once, without an audience.
With furrowed brows Dean notices that Cas hasn’t even bothered to pull back his foreskin; he’s just pissing right through it. With a smirk, Dean reaches down, wrapping his fingers around Cas’ pissing dick. He can feel the liquid rushing through it, but Cas’ stream sputters when Dean roughly slides his skin back. Cas jolts and then moans out in approval when his stream takes off again, pouring out at the same speed as before.
A thick wave of disgust rushes through him, nearly making him sick. He’s an angel of the Lord, yet here he is, bowing before the King of Hell.
For a long time, the two of them stand under the water just... holding each other. Dean places Cas in a special spot just so the stream of water doesn’t soak and weigh down his wings and he slowly runs his hands over Cas’ body, cleaning him from head to toe.
The bag stops Cas from healing himself, he has no access to his grace whatsoever. The fall has done considerable damage to his body. He tries straining, forcing it to work, but nothing happens. The symbols on the bag are too strong.
Cas shifts back and forth, trying to ease the pain in his stomach when suddenly things start to make sense. His legs start wobbling as he realizes just how full his bladder is. He has no idea how long he’s been unconscious, but it feels like he hasn’t gone in
The human huffs loudly, looking across the room. His throat bobs as he swallows thickly. Cas watches his jaw flex as he grits his teeth together.
Humiliation rushes through his veins, coloring his cheeks hot with embarrassment. This is the first accident he’s had since his youth and he absolutely can’t stop it. His muscles just won’t hold back anymore; it feels way too good to let it go.
He rushes over to his spot in the bedroom where Dean usually makes him pee. The carpet feels different here and is slightly stained from the number of times Cas has urinated in the same spot.
Cas whimpers softly, nodding his head and biting his bottom lip as he shifts in Dean’s lap, trying to get himself comfortable enough to start pissing.
Cas runs over to the toilet and opens the lid; he is so excited that he’s dripping down his leg. He aims his cock at the toilet bowl and let's go, pissing the same way he had seen Dean do the day before.
As if on cue, Cas’ body gives up and wetness starts to spread between his thighs. Piss hisses loudly as it begins to pour out of him, soaking through his toga and spreading like a river to soak Dean’s thighs.
This story was featured on The Podcast w/ Benefits! I was able to sit down with two very open-minded guys and talk about my journey with Watersports and give some behind the scenes details about this fanfic! If you're interested in listening, it's free!! Links below to the website or other listening platforms!
“Gonna wet yourself, baby?” Dean asks instead, and even though the words are foreign, Cas is starting to recognize the phrase. He says it to Cas every time this happens. Cas gasps suddenly, crushing his legs together as a few more hot dribbles leak past his defenses.
Cas lets out a loud groan when Dean’s fingers curl in just the right way, pressing right into his prostate. He freezes, shuddering down to his bones and gripping against the couch cushion as hard as he can. Dean’s fingertips are brushing deep within, hitting a place that makes it hard for Cas to breathe. It’s so raw, feels so good it almost hurts, and with a gentle mewl Cas spills over, adding his cum to the mess on Dean’s lap.
He takes the familiar stance, just about to let loose when a dirty little thought crawls through his head like an eerie black shadow in a horror movie. Cas looks over his shoulder at the bed behind him, his telling little puddle staring back.
Dean finally comes home after a long day of work and Cas shows him how much he missed him. #LapWetting #Aftercare
He whines loudly, trying once again to get close to the toilet. Hot jets of piss were filling his toga every few seconds. He needs to go right now.
Dean gives Cas a smile and speaks to him and within seconds the angel is lunging at Dean, wrapping his arms tightly around his waist and pulling him into a hug.
Once Dean finishes his dinner, he gets up to set his dishes in the sink. When he turns around, he finds Cas right behind him, staring at him with squinted eyes. Dean startles slightly and then chuckles. Obviously, Cas is worried that Dean is going to run off and leave him... which makes Dean feel incredibly guilty.
There’s this tense moment where they’re both waiting. Both of them equally anxious for Cas’ stream to start. Dean leans close to him, breathing his air and pressing his lips to Cas’ almost like he’s trying to encourage him.
“Do you like it, baby,” Dean asks, and Cas quakes with a moan from deep within. He gasps deeply, spilling almost immediately, cumming all down his leg. His eyes squeeze shut with bliss as he loses it to Dean’s touch once again.
The spinning room comes to a slow and steady stop as Cas raises his head, pushing himself up off the floor into a sitting position. Another wave of nausea runs through him just from shifting his body, but he’s quickly coming out of the fog that the drugs have left him in.
With wide blue eyes, Cas watches Dean piss. His back is broad and his legs are spread, his thick stream spraying right into the center of the bowl. Pain surged through Cas’ body as desperation pulsed through him. Just watching Dean piss is making his body quiver and suddenly he’s leaking straight into his underwear.
It sure would be easy for Cas just to piss on the carpet while Dean was occupied in the other room, but the human is always so disappointed when Cas goes without him...
He wiggles his hips, trying to bury his cock deeper in the cotton, but nothing seems to work. Every time he lets go; he just gets wetter Cas frowns as reality starts to set in. He’s moving around so much that he starts to wake up. Slowly, he opens his eyes and things begin to make sense again.
Every thrust into his cloud feels amazing. It’s tight and hot all around his dick, squeezing and vibrating with each roll of thunder that rolls through. It’s hot and perfect and he can hardly take it.
Castiel sighs contently, melting even deeper into the fibers of the cloud all around him, feeling it mesh perfectly to his body. It’s like he’s floating on nothing, his body is perfectly supported and completely at ease. Not a worry in the world.
He’s so full that he can’t help it. A little trickle of piss rushes out, pooling just beneath his belly button. The moment his piss hits his skin Cas wakes up, jolted back into consciousness by his own desperation.
As soon as Dean opens the door, he finds Cas standing there, pissing his little heart out. He’s standing directly over top of the toilet, his legs spread around the bowl as he pisses straight down into it. Dean tries not to moan at the sight; the poor thing doesn’t even know how to piss properly.
Cas makes it back to the front door and tugs on it, hoping that this time it will open. Instead, it just shakes within the doorframe, not budging.
He has to find Dean. At least then he can apologize for what he’s done and get permission to finish.
“I don’t care,” Dean snaps. Cas can tell that Dean is angry, it’s written clearly all over his face. “I don’t want him. I’m not gay.”
He weeps silently, scrambling up to Dean and potty-dancing in front of him as he silently begs Dean to get off the toilet. He has to physically hold himself to keep from leaking, and with his free hand he reaches for the lid, trying uselessly to lift it open while Dean sits firmly on top of it.
He’s wearing one of Dean’s old, ratty work shirts that’s covered in tiny holes and grease stains. The human even ripped two large holes in the back so Cas’ chained up wings can poke through.
“There will be no refunds if you can’t potty train your new pet,” Crowley says with finality. “Once they get pulled out of heaven they can’t return. So, he’s yours for life.”
“I’m so sorry that I had to leave you all day,” Dean says, genuinely feeling guilty. He knows that Cas doesn’t understand him, he can tell by the way the angel squints up at him in confusion, but he can’t help but tell him how he feels. He almost feels like he needs Cas’ forgiveness.
It’s spring time on the planet. The air is crisp and blows a gentle breeze through Cas’ hair, making it dance across his forehead as he relaxes.
The angel is silently weeping, begging Dean to let him go. Dean reaches around Cas, wrapping his dick up in the towel.
He should put a stop to this, he should find a way to escape, but then Dean’s fingers start to brush against Cas’ entrance and all of Cas’ resistance melts away.
Crowley’s hands grip Castiel’s ass, slowly pulling his cheeks apart. It intensifies the heavy need in his gut and Cas shivers all the way down to his toes. He opens his mouth in shock like he wants to protest, but nothing comes out.
Dean’s hand suddenly slaps down against his ass cheek in a hard smack. Cas can’t help but yelp out in shock when the pain strikes across his backside, spreading across his skin like wildfire. Dean is hitting him again before he can recover and it sends his entire body into a tight arch.
Cas lets out a sigh of relief when Dean rolls away, facing the opposite direction. Cas throws the covers back and springs out of the bed, trying not to dribble on the carpet as he races into the bathroom.
Castiel’s eyes open and he would swear that the room was swaying back and forth. He fights against a wave of nausea and tries not to vomit.
https://mtfproductions.com/more-than-friends/2020/11/18/the-podcast-w-benefits-episode-2-is-available-now
After a few long seconds, he slowly drips to a finish, stopping and starting a few more times before he's finally done. The realization of what he's done sets in and humiliation is running wild through his veins. How could he possibly let this happen? Dean will surely hit him now!
Cas’ eyes are glazed over in pleasure and he’s leaned back on his heels as he floods, pissing all over himself. It comes right through his sewn in underwear in a thick, clear stream and with the way Cas holds his skirt up, it’s pouring out of him as if his clothing weren’t even there.
After he’s cleaned up the best that he can, Cas goes to the living room, finding the television already on and waiting for him. He plops down on the couch and waits for Dean to return.
He holds his breath, climbing back into the bed and gasping as little leaks make their way onto the mattress. He quickly grabs the comforter, gathering it up into a giant mound before shoving his hips against the fabric. He sinks down onto his stomach, letting his body relax.
Cas shifts, recognizing the heavy weight in his bladder and frowns. He’s been ignoring his need for a while and he’s getting a little desperate. The increasing weight in his groin is starting to make him squirm.
he’s sure he’s about to explode. His breath catches with each press of Dean’s hand and he knows in this moment, beyond any shadow of a doubt, that he is not making it out of this dry.
After a little bit more conversation, Dean hangs up the phone, and sits in silence, worrying about tomorrow...
It feels wild and crazy to be kissed so tenderly while his bladder is voiding at the same time. Two simple pleasures are mixing dangerously, making Cas’ body tighten up all over. This is better than any reward he’s ever been given by the clouds; his body is lit up, burning with desire as he empties all over Dean.
“Look what you just did,” Dean whispers, making Cas shudder in his grasp. “I’m gonna have to mop in here all because you couldn’t hold it.”
If you wanna message me and just say hi, give me some ideas for the story or share some feedback in a more private place, I'm SupernaturalEmerald on Tumblr and I'm always open to talk!
For a long time, the two just look at each other. The human seems deeply troubled as terror plays across his face. He looks lost, broken,
“Let me touch you,” Dean whispers and Cas goes still. Dean’s voice sounds almost pleading, like he’s yearning to touch Castiel as much as Castiel wants to be touched.
Suddenly he’s hyperaware of his bladder, feeling it pulse. It’s tingling for attention, causing Cas to gasp and squeeze his thighs together at the alarming need suddenly running through him.
Crowley tuts, leaning back in his chair. He rests his elbow on the table, pressing his fingers to his mouth as it morphs into a smirk. He could see right through Dean, but the human is stubborn.
Dean doesn’t even seem to notice, he’s still peppering him with kisses, keeping his mind completely sedated with the constant wave of bliss flowing through him.
Panic is thick in his blood, making him want to vibrate out of his own skin. Where could Dean possibly be? He’s never been away for this long before. It’s already starting to get dark; the sun will be setting soon!
With nothing but darkness and the gentle bouncing of the bag all around him, Cas finds himself lulled off to sleep, hoping that somehow this is all a nightmare he’d soon wake up from.
Cas trembles, a little oversensitive as the cloud beneath him begins to hail. He shivers as everything becomes colder around him, but it reminds him of the need still laying in his bladder. His blessing had distracted him, he still had a little more to give.
Hot embarrassment blooms across Cas’ cheeks as he looks at his telling little puddle right smack-dab in the middle of the mattress. He hates it when Dean scolds him for this kind of thing... pissing in his sleep is so natural to him. It all felt so real. He would’ve sworn he could feel the cloud all around him just moments ago when he let go. Was that really just a dream?
Castiel’s favorite part of it all has to be when Dean washes his hair. The way the man's fingers massage his scalp have him feeling completely relaxed and at ease. Nothing else matters and the stresses of the day have completely melted away as Dean works up a lather and then rinses Cas of all the shampoo.
He smirks for a moment, his hands finding the suitcase that Dean had left on the table, and then he vanishes, leaving Cas weak, defenseless and completely alone with the human.
Cas gasped, sinking further into the floor as another wave of desperation runs through him. His body is screaming at him, demanding that he find somewhere to piss.
Cas’ brain feels hazy and foggy as he drifts in and out of sleep. He’s never cum so hard in his life and his body is quickly shutting down after overexerting himself.
Now that he’s eaten, he just wants to sit down; his legs and feet are aching... He’s not used to standing all day anymore. Plus, there’s a new episode of Dr. Sexy M.D. recorded and Dean can’t wait to get to it. He plops down on the couch and is shocked when Cas quickly climbs into his lap, claiming that spot as his and nuzzling his face into the crook of Dean’s neck.
He carefully drapes the wet blankets over the edge of the balcony so they’ll dry in the sunlight before backing up one of the patio chairs against the sheet to keep the wind from blowing it away. He thinks it shouldn’t take long for the sun to dry them.
Castiel is panting, trying his hardest to hold back the flood. He needs to burst. Hot streams are running down his thighs and Cas just can’t stop them. He squeezes his hands into fists, drops his head and gives up.
The impact sends pain ringing all through Cas’ body. All he can do is groan out in pain as it writhes through him. He tries to get his bearings, tries to fight against the harsh spinning in his brain, but he can’t recover before he’s suddenly being swallowed up into a thick, black cloth.
“I’m gonna piss inside you,” Dean whispers, looking right into Cas’ eyes as he speaks, almost like it’s a promise.
He stands up and marches over to the bathroom like he’s out to prove something, but when his hand turns the doorknob and the door doesn’t open, a pure look of horror comes over his face. His eyes nearly bulge out of his head and he gawks at Dean.
Cas fingers squeeze tightly at Dean’s biceps as the man rocks up into him faster and faster. He’s gasping and panting so fast that he must be desperate for oxygen and Cas is right there with him, whining and crying out in pure bliss as the man moves him to insanity.
Dean grabs Cas and guides him toward the bedroom, and once they enter Dean strips Cas down, throwing his soiled toga to the floor. Within seconds Dean is pushing Cas down onto the bed, spreading the angel’s thighs easily with his hands.
Cas tries to understand the words being exchanged, but it’s all nonsense to him. Instead, all he can focus on is the pain in his lower belly, refusing to go away. His mind is still so foggy, he doesn’t understand the heavy weight he feels pressing down on his groin.
Castiel struggles, shifting around and trying not to piss any more. He can’t let himself think these thoughts, they’re sinful! The human’s arousal is tainting him!
Pain is twisting through him, but it’s competing with the arousal that climbs up his spine. He whines as Dean squeezes at his ass, his large hands big enough to encompass the entire thing. Cas wraps his arms around Dean, sinking into his body heat.
Cas just stands there, seemingly stunned by the action. That gives Dean time to step out of the entryway, shutting the door behind him.
He whimpers softly, bouncing in his spot. He digs his hips downward, grinding against Dean to relieve the pressure hanging thick in his groin. Dean gasps loudly, his body rumbling with approval.
They pulled back into the bunker garage for the last time. Sam jumped out and headed towards the stairs, back to Eileen, then stopped, standing at the doorway as he waited for his brother to catch up.
“It’s still pretty early. We only found out a few days ago. How did you figure it out? Did Eileen…?”
They had never spoken of it. They didn’t need to. The look of cold detachment on his father’s face had said everything he needed to know. It would be the first and the last time Dean would ever allow himself to fantasize about another man like that. Until now. Until Cas. And this time, his fantasies went far beyond a gentle kiss.
Dean had been so lost in the moment that he hadn’t even heard the door open. He wondered how long his father had watched them; if he had seen Dean’s eyes flutter shut, if he had heard him sigh with contentment, if he had known that sigh had been borne from a moment of weakness in which he allowed himself to fantasize what it would feel like to tangle his arms around Lee’s neck and press a gentle kiss against the other man’s lips.
Dean stopped fighting the bolt with his socket wrench and thought back as best he could to their time together to figure out what it might be.
“Anyway, you, uh, you ready to go, Cas?” He must have stayed silent too long, because Dean’s charmingly crooked smile - as inexplicably endearing as his little bow legs - had disappeared, replaced by a smattering of pale, pink flush across his freckled cheeks. Suddenly Cas didn’t need the whiskey anymore. Dean’s presence was intoxicating enough to drown out the voices, to remove all semblance of self-preservation or reason.
Sam and Eileen were waiting in the garage when he was finally ready to leave, arms wrapped around one another. His brother helped load up one of the spare cars in the bunker while Eileen hugged him goodbye.
a date. Or a one night stand. Or even a quickie in the bathroom stall of some seedy dive bar somewhere in small town America. He still flirted with women, still appreciated a good pair of tits or a firm ass - or, better yet, a good pair of tits
. It wasn’t a tangible pain, like a rib cracking in two or a hellhound slashing at skin until there was nothing left but ribbons, but it hurt just the same. Maybe more. Those other things, those were only flesh wounds. This hurt his soul.
“I know.” She couldn’t say it back, even though she wanted to. Dean understood. He used be the same way.
Dean bit his lip, waiting for a spark of anger to light a fire inside of him. But it didn’t, not this time. He didn’t feel anger anymore, or resentment, or even uncertainty. Not now that it was almost over.
Cas had seen him - really, truly seen him. Not the man he was trying to be, not the blunt instrument his father had molded him into, just him. Dean Winchester. And Cas loved him in spite of it.
Dean peered down at the engine, now free of the valve cover, and sighed. “Don’t worry. This engine’s gonna keep me busy for awhile.”
“Hey, Sammy?” His brother took a step towards him, and Dean tossed the keys. “Take ‘em. They’re yours.”
The ride to Rapid City was a quiet one. Sam stared out the window as the passed row after row of cornfields, the melancholy chords of Bob Seger’s “The Famous Final Scene” lulling him to sleep.
“It’s not just that,” he admitted. “We fought to be free, but it was never just Chuck that held us back. It’s this job, this life, it’s us. I love you, Sammy, but my life can’t keep revolving around you. And neither can yours.”
“Fat chance,” Claire said with a laugh as she wrapped her arm around her girlfriend’s shoulders. “Old Man likes old music, old cars, and old movies.” Dean shook his head, trying to hide the small smile pulling at his lips.
In the end, torched relationships and one night stands didn’t matter. Dean wouldn’t find his something to hold onto drinking away his regrets in a run down dive bar on the edge of town. He would find it in a girl, strong willed and stubborn, with long blonde curls and eyes just the right shade of blue.
“You really think we’d get you a cake, old man? What are we, new?” She smiled at her girlfriend. “Kaia, if you’ll do the honors.”
“Hey, hey, hey, it’s alright. I don’t hunt anymore. But even if I did, it wouldn’t matter.” He took him by the hands. “I never needed your powers, Cas. I needed you.”
“It’s not the same,” was all he said. Dean turned the music back on to discourage any further conversation, and the wistful sounds of of James Taylor’s “Fire and Rain” drifted through the cab. Sam raised an eyebrow and stared at his brother, his face twisted in confusion. “What?”
“Sorry, Sammy. Driver picks the music, shotgun shuts his cakehole.” He turned up the volume and shot him a grin. “Learn to love it.”
Dean was moving slowly, hand running over Baby’s sleek, black hood, expression wistful as he stared back at the cab of the Impala. In his mind’s eye, he could still see himself in the driver’s seat, Sam riding shotgun, head bent over as he studied John’s journal. He could picture Bobby, watching the road from the backseat, muttering ‘Idjit’ under his breath every time Dean sped up to beat a red light. And he could picture Cas and Jack, sitting in the seat behind him as they drove down some rainy back road highway, stereo blasting, his angel’s eyes shining bright every time they met his in the rear view mirror.
Dean pressed their cheeks together and sighed against his skin, his hands moving lower, hips rolling forward.
On his 50th birthday, she gave him a framed picture of the two of them that she had wrapped up, clumsily, in cowboy boot themed wrapping paper. He placed it in the center of the mantle above the fireplace, where it shared pride of place with a photo of Jack, Sam, and Cas. Then he hugged her, the same way his father used to hug him, back when he was young and their world had yet to turn to dust.
“Sorry, Baby,” he whispered to the Impala, giving her a gentle pat of repentance. He could see his brother watching him through the rear windshield, brows furrowed with the patented Sam Winchester blend of concern and pity. Dean shook his head. “It’s gonna be a long ride back to the bunker,” he muttered under his breath.
. His son had offered to stay with him, at least until he had settled into his new circumstances, but Cas had sent him away. Jack may forever be a child in his eyes, but he had Heaven to fix and angels to oversee. And Cas wasn’t one of those anymore. He was human. Mortal. Breakable.
The register clicked shut and Dean tore himself away from the reflection as the bartender turned to face him, staring back down at the bar before their eyes had a chance to meet.
They walked down the hallway together, side by side, as they made their way to the Impala. To Cas, the journey felt somber, as mournful as a funeral procession, but Dean showed no respect for the dead. He prated on the entire time, rambling endlessly about the restaurant he had chosen for tonight’s meal with the same giddy fanaticism he normally reserved only for Led Zeppelin and cowboys of the Old West.
Castiel had been a soldier once. He had led an entire garrison of angels into the depths of Hell, cutting his way through hordes of demons without fear or falter. Now, he was human, and this small moment of humiliation was enough to drive him to retreat, to make him want to scurry back to the safety of his room and the bottle of whiskey waiting within. He would gladly burn his throat until it bled if it meant he could drown out the voices inside of him.
“Always. I was just too dumb to realize it.” He nudged his nose against his and grinned. “Lucky I had an angel to show me the way.”
So while his brother and his girlfriend would have date night in the den - no one called it the Dean Cave anymore - Dean would work alone in the library, researching the Empty. When he would get frustrated, he would grab a bottle of whiskey and head to his bedroom, where he would listen to music until he fell asleep. Sometimes, on the harder nights, he would get on his knees and pray to Cas.
He stopped, mid-word, to quicken his pace as they approached the door to the garage. Dean’s grabbed the handle and held it open, ushering Cas through. Then he jogged ahead to the Impala and did the same to the passenger side door. He stood clutching the handle, back straight, shoulders high, beaming with pride as Cas climbed inside the Chevy.
Now his mother was gone and it was Dean who was the relic, stuck in the past, drowning in the memories of what was and what could have been.
a voice whispered in his brain. He wasn’t sure if it was his own or if it belonged to the Empty. Sometimes he wondered if there was even a difference anymore.
Dean stared at her, disbelieving, then broke out into one of the biggest grins he could remember in years.
“Sure,” Sam agreed. They both knew it was a lie. Cas had been Dean’s win, just as Eileen was Sam’s. Maybe he would have seen that sooner if he hadn’t been so blinded by his anger for Chuck, by his need to take revenge. “I miss him, too, you know,” Sam said quietly.
He could have been content never knowing. The life he had with Cas didn’t have everything he wanted, but what it did have was more than he deserved. It had been good. It had been enough. Then his angel had gone and laid it all out on the table before dying, and everything had changed. When Dean asked himself if he could ever love Cas the same way the angel loved him, he had been shocked to realize he already did. Maybe he always had. And now that Cas was back - and human - the life they had together wasn’t enough anymore. He wanted more. He wanted him.
Cas quivers in his hold, fighting so hard not to lose it. He looks Dean in the eyes, clearly not understanding, but Dean just rubs the towel against Cas’ dick, nodding toward it to encourage Cas. He groans, shaking his head, but Dean can already feel a blast of heat spilling across his fingers. Cas lets out a gentle sound, his legs squeezing together to hold it back.
He reaches down to grab his dick, squeezing at it to keep himself from leaking as a harsh wave of need rushes through him. He works slowly, so as not to wake Dean up. He starts shifting his body, subtly telling Dean to roll over with body language.
Dean just stands there, frozen in shock. Cas is hugging him? No, more like he’s clinging to him, squeezing him like he’s actually missed him. It takes Dean a few seconds to recover, but then he eagerly wraps his arms around the angel, kissing against his forehead and sliding his fingers into his feathery soft hair.
Dean’s hand slides back and forth, forcing Cas to moan out in pain. His bladder is quivering with need and he can’t stand still. Why is Dean touching him like this? Why does he smell so aroused?
“The easiest angel to catch is the stormcloud angel,” Crowley said, switching to business. “They create rain by filling up the clouds.”
Dean just pulls Cas closer, kissing him softly as Cas rewarms his lap with a second wave of piss. Dean sighs hotly, shifting around. His little pet angel just had a huge accident all over his lap... He can't get his cock to calm down. He is hard as a rock in his sodden jeans.
Dean latches on, his hands cupping Cas’ cheeks as he goes even deeper, licking into Cas like he’s hungry for the taste. Castiel can’t stop shaking, he’s not used to pleasure of this magnitude. He’s not even touching his dick, yet it feels full and heavy, aching to cum.
Cas groans, thrusting his hips forward, trying to escape the slap of pain rushing through him. His concentration breaks and within seconds he finds himself pissing as hard as he can right against Dean’s legs.
Dean walks up behind Cas and wraps his hands around his waist, he tugs Cas back to stand in front of the bowl like he’s supposed too, not caring that Cas’ piss sprays everywhere while Dean arranges him. The floor is still a mess from Cas’ accident the day before. Dean presses up close, looking down over his shoulders to watch as Cas pisses.
Cas blinks slowly, trying to get his eyes to focus. There’s pain all throughout his body from the twisted way he’s lying on the floor, and he wonders if he were dumped out here just like he was dumped out in Hell. He shifts rigidly, pain spiking through his lower stomach and squeezing through his lower back.
sympathy,” he warns, but he’s laughing even as Dean staggers a little under his weight and dumps him unceremoniously on the mattress.
“Cas, I-“ He swallows. “You know I’m bad at this. Fuck, I’m bad at this. But.” He touches his fingertips softly to the curve of Cas’ lower lip. “I- I just- thank you. For- for letting me chose. For waiting for me. For sticking with me after… even though I, after everything I-“
Dean looks up from his conversation with Benny, suddenly aware that something’s going on. Cas takes his hand, giving him a quick glance that must carry a depth of meaning beyond anything Meg can fathom, because Dean’s expression shifts from confusion to understanding and he sits up straighter.
, he’s not afraid of some irate bigot spewing vitriol. It’s misery, and disappointment, and a whole lot of anger. Dean can taste the fury on his lips as Cas’ mouth opens to his.
As easy as it is already to fall into liking Dean, trusting him, ten minutes into their actual acquaintance doesn’t seem like the most appropriate moment to delve into exactly who and what Naomi chooses to be.
Cas reaches the table first and slips around it to where the waving guy is standing, practically bouncing on his heels in excitement. He slings an arm around Cas’ shoulders and drags them both down to the seat, Cas pulled tight into his side. Cas just smiles, quiet and content, like this is something he entirely expected.
He lands bracketed in Cas’ knees, Cas’ arms coming up around him and hands splaying over his lower back. Cas pulls Dean down hard, pushes his own hips up and Dean hisses between his teeth at the pressure. The denim of Cas’ jeans is rough on Dean’s bare flesh, sparking lightning through his belly, and it’s not enough, not enough. Dean drops his face close to Cas, bumps their noses together.
“I know, Dean. Sam I both know. But.” Cas shifts a little, eyes flicking down and to the side. “We weren’t going to celebrate, we know you don’t want that. But we just… wanted you to know. That we remembered. And we care.” He stops, flicks his eyes back up to Dean’s. His hands slide up Dean’s ribs to press gently into the back of his shoulders. “We just wanted you to have a good day.”
“Every day for the rest of our lives,” he whispers. And that promise should knock Dean off balance how it always has before, flip the panic switch hardwired into the foundations of his being, but somehow it doesn’t. It just sinks into Dean’s skin, into his veins, runs warm and heady in his blood, stronger and sweeter than any whiskey in the world.
“No, Dean, I mean you- you didn’t even really let yourself look at another man all those years. But with Cas you did, you let yourself fall in-“
“Here, let me make it up to you.” Dean kisses Cas quickly on the cheekbone, then squeezes out some gel and starts soaping Cas shoulders. He digs his fingertips in a little, massaging into the muscles until Cas loosens, frown smoothing and eyelids fluttering closed. Dean moves his hands down then, sweeping over Cas’ stomach, cleaning off the mess they made. That seems to trigger something in Cas, who swipes up the shampoo and starts lathering Dean’s hair. His fingers rub circles on Dean’s scalp and Dean half closes his eyes, humming in appreciation. Cas smiles and noses softly at Dean’s jawline.
The second time Dean makes sure he’s entirely sober, but then he’s too busy internally freaking the fuck out to focus on enjoying himself.
His feet lead him down the mainstreet, heading south. He crosses several intersections but the tug doesn’t waver from guiding him straight south. Only when he finally reaches the big park on the river does it change, drawing him along the winding paths under the leafless trees towards the riverbank.
Yeah, that’s about what Meg expected. Still, she can feel a headache coming on in her temple just hearing it.
each other, flaws and weird foibles and all. Meg might have been laughably obtuse in a lot of ways about what Cas and Dean feel for each other, but even she knows Dean honestly likes Cas’ complete obliviousness to pop-culture, his love for emojis, his fascination with bees, that Cas thinks Dean’s devotion to his car, his love of terrible tv dramas and his ridiculous patterned socks are the most endearing thing to ever exist. She knows that they have movie nights, just the two of them, they share books and make each other mixtapes, and text each other constantly if they’re apart for more than ten minutes, and always, always laugh at each other’s jokes, even when they’re terrible. Perhaps for them love is simply an added bonus, another storey built on a house that’s already weathered every storm. It’s not something they need to make a show of for them to know it’s unshakeable.
. And sometimes when you touched me, I could hear it inside you, like it was singing to me. I do miss that.”
Dean is still watching him, eyes wide and wonderstruck. He’s turned back to face Cas without Cas noticing, and now he’s leaning in, hand on Castiel’s knee and his other hand coming up to gently brush his jaw. Castiel realises abruptly how close they are, his own hand still on Dean’s bare shoulder and Dean near enough to for Cas to count his freckles and the shadows of his eyelashes as he blinks. Dean’s skin is warm under his hand and the air between them taut with a tension he doesn’t know how to name.
Cas is between the man and the boys. He’s holding his hands out, saying something, trying to placate the attacker’s anger. The guy keeps going to sidestep him, but Cas moves with him, keeping himself in front of the boys protectively.
Castiel slumps over to rest on the bookshelves. He feels lightheaded, numb. His rainbow soulmark swims before his blurring vision, as removed from him as if his hand belongs another person.
Dean watches the boys’ retreating backs for a long time, until he’s pulled back to himself by Cas hugging him again fiercely.
“I’ve always wondered what it’d be.” Dean steps even closer, so near their arms brush, his eyes fixated on Castiel’s hands. “I thought maybe a bullet, or a rifle. That’d make sense.”
Sam’s hand latches onto Dean’s shoulder. “We were in Wyoming a lot, Dean.” This time there’s an undercurrent to the words. A tremor. A foreshock of the coming earthquake. Dean gives up trying to prevent it. Sam will be furious either way. There’s no point hiding this. Sam will wheedle it out of him sooner or later, and he’s too tired to evade his probing. He drops his head instead, tucks it under Sam’s arm and leans into him. He feels more than hears Sam’s startled inhalation, but he starts talking before Sam can open his mouth.
Dean’s discomfort makes a sudden startling sense. Castiel has never been unsure of who he is. Perhaps he wasn’t precisely aware of it as a child, but that was only because he’d never had much cause to think about it. As soon as he was old enough to really consider, to really understand, he was sure of which way his heart turned. So no matter how anxious he’d been about seeing his soulmate’s face for the first time, he’d at least known one basic thing about who he’d meet.
Cas kneels in front of Dean to take Dean’s boots off. He bows his head over his task and the glow of the single lamp casts the shadows of his eyelashes long over his cheeks. Dean looks down at him, watches the light glide golden across his cheekbones, the shifting shade in the hollow of his throat as he tips his head to the side.
Dean rolls his eyes, but he starts walking. The sun is setting, shimmering orange-pink-gold off the lake water, and the trees along the shore are a riot of autumn foliage. Cas is right. It is worth a picture. He stops by the water’s edge, puts his hands in his jacket pockets and just stands, feeling the warmth of the sun on his face.
Dean can see the guy’s thought processes in his face, so it’s no surprise when he suddenly throws a punch at Dean’s head. Dean ducks the fist, catches him by his swinging arm, uses the man’s own momentum to flip him onto his back.
“I know I shouldn’t freak out,” Dean says. “But… I just. I don’t wanna-“ He sniffs and rubs his face. “Don’t want him to be disappointed.”
This shouldn’t be happening to him. This is trashy romance novel nonsense. But still, here it is. Here’s his soulmate’s fragile presence under his ribs, nowhere near him but somehow still caring that Castiel’s in the smallest amount of pain, bright and undeniable and
Dean shrugs one shoulder stiffly. “He didn’t want to pay. I made him. Learnt my lesson. Cash up front.”
“I feel like I should’ve thrown you a party or something.” Sam downs the last of his beer and lounges back in his chair. His hand drops to hang over the arm, empty bottle dangling loosely from his fingers. He smiles lazily up at the ceiling, waves his other hand like he’s conducting his own thoughts. “Happy coming out day, Dean Winchester finally realises he’s bi. Do you think they do balloons for that?”
“Dean, what’s wrong?” Cas cradles Dean’s face in his palms. He’s so close his forearms brush Dean’s chest and Dean can smell the fresh, raw scent of him. Something like pine and the electric taste of air after a storm, cloaked in the human normality of clean clothes and coffee and Dean’s shampoo.
Gets knocked back into the counter. Dean’s arms close around him and squeeze. He sucks in half a startled breath before Dean’s mouth is on his and he’s melting.
“Much like yours I suppose.” Castiel struggles to find the best words to describe the nebulous sensations and impressions Dean has been in his head for most of his life. “I thought of green a lot, like your eyes. I knew you would have freckles. And I thought you’d be strong. Oh, and,” another memory occurs and he tilts his head again in question, “do you work with cars?”
“Of course you didn’t know!” Dean shoves at Sam’s hands, swallows around the thick sickness in his throat, “I made
Normally Meg would scoff, joke, break the moment. But there’s something so fragile in the tiny quirk of Dean’s answering smile that the ribbing dies in her chest.
Dean glances round. Sam is squinting at the appliance on the side like it’s some new spell he’s never seen before. Dean jerks back to look into the cupboard.
As the river comes into view, for the first time it occurs to Castiel to wonder if his soulmate’s being pulled like this too. If they’re opposite poles orienting towards each other and drawing each other in. The thought sparks a strange mix of joy and apprehension that lodges and throbs in the centre of his chest. That’s everything he’s been longing for ever since he can remember, but now it might actually be happening he’s so nervous his hands are shaking.
“That’s all right,” he says, hating the triteness of the words on his tongue even as he speaks them. “I understand that. I understand not… not always being able to talk about things like these with everyone.”
Cas had handed him the coffee and snuggled into Dean’s side while he drank. The caffeine had just about woken him up enough to wonder why Cas was out of bed before Dean, because getting Cas out of bed early usually required a crowbar, when Cas had taken the coffee mug, planted it on the bedside table, slung his leg over Dean’s waist, shoved his hands down Deans sweats, and kissed him until the only thought in Dean’s head was
like this in my whole life. And you make me feel more cherished than I thought was possible. I’m just trying to show you a fraction of the love I feel for you in return.”
“I didn’t expect this to be so awkward,” Castiel says to break the silence, with a small, rueful smile and a shrug.
Cas and Dean trail into the diner before anyone can comment further. Dean’s arm is slung round Castiel’s shoulders and they lean into each other in the line to order, but that’s par for the course. Meg assesses them through narrowed eyes, but can’t spot any evidence of the night before anywhere visible. No hickeys, for starters. They just look exhausted, Dean squinting and shading his eyes from the overhead lights and Cas rubbing his temples – their usual hangover from hell tells.
“Well, by definition we’re not,” Dean says, eyes dancing with two years of laughter over something that should have been as obvious as the sunrise. “Cause we’re husbands.”
” Dean flaps his hands, shoulders tense even as he schools his face to casual. “He’s one of my dad’s friends. But, y’know, me and Sammy, we spent so much time with him as kids-“
Castiel can’t find any words. His mind is blank, all thoughts lost to the play of gold and blue against Dean’s skin. For an immeasurable moment he can do nothing but stare while his blood rushes in his ears.
Cas hums for a moment, eyes thoughtful, then he nods once. “I think that’s why it’s called making love, Dean.”
Sam slumps even more. Palms his eye with the heel of his hand, shudders. The details make it real for Sam, Dean realises belatedly. At first, it was just a concept. A vast
Cas huffs, staggers back pulling Dean along with him. He doesn’t stop kissing Dean, and for a few steps they stumble over each other, lips locked, before Dean pushes Cas away with a monumental effort of will and propels him towards their room.
From the way Cas is looking at Dean through half-closed lids, dilated pupils tracking his own hand as is trails lightly up Dean’s arm, across his chest, down his ribs to his stomach, he seems to be feeling something similar.
Dean carries on talking as they walk. Cas listens, follows the tug of Dean’s hand instantly, of course he does, but he can’t help one longing glance back over his shoulder as they walk away.
Dean nods, eyes creasing thoughtfully. “Sounds about right for flu. You’re going to feel like crap for a while yet. Sorry, sweetheart.”
It strikes Castiel abruptly that Dean’s feeling shy. Of course, he should have realised sooner. Here they are, alone in Dean’s space, with no one to wonder what they’re up to, and Dean proposing taking his clothes off. Even more awkwardly, Castiel realises, the best place to sit for this is likely the edge of the bed, which adds a whole other layer of strange intimacy to the situation.
“Finally?” He scowls at his stupid moose brother, shoulders hitching up in sudden tension. “The fuck you mean
“It wasn’t-“ Cas shakes his head abortively. “It’s hard to put words to it, translate it to human sensations. The pain was in my true form, in my wings. It was nothing like the pain of a human body.” He looks down at the glow of grace escaping from their clasped hands. “There’s a disease humans can get. A bacteria. It releases toxins that make a person feel like their flesh is being eaten alive. It’s the closest analogy I can find. Just slower. It was a constant thing, for a long time.”
But now Cas is quiet. He’s been sleeping for three hours, ever since they filled in a cleansed grave and hit the road. His head is pillowed on Dean’s leg, face turned to Dean’s stomach. One hand holds the jacket tight to his face, the other rests on Dean’s hip, one finger hooked into a belt loop.
The first sip delivers enough blessed caffeine for him to open his eyes properly. He catches sight of his reflection in a corner of chrome and scowls at the state of his hair. Damn Dean and his grabby hands.
Baby’s not quite running right. Dean pops the hood, shucks his flannel and sets himself to figuring out what’s got her off colour and complaining.
They’ve been slowly stretching out into this new definition of themselves, the new depth of meaning to the
Start posting multi-chapter fic online, intend to polish up and post chapter III soon after chapter II, have a medical relapse and spend nearly three weeks too exhausted to do anything but work and sleep. This fucking year. Zero stars, do not recommend.
Cas growls, frustration warring with fatigue. “No, you.” He tugs weakly at Dean’s sleeve. “You sleep.”
It’s only when Dean casually glances at his watch about six in the evening, debating whether it’s time to make a start on dinner, that he finally clocks the date.
Shuffling down on the pillows, he rolls onto his side and slips his sleeve up to show his mark. In the low light of his single bedside lamp the greens come across even richer and darker, so deep Castiel loses himself for a moment, mesmerised by the play of pine-emerald-fern-forest through each other. Despite the low ache in his stomach, the lingering tightness in his heart, watching the colours shift on his skin lights something warm and glowing in the centre of his chest. Perhaps he wasn’t ever expecting to have a strangely intimate long-distance brush with his soulmate’s heart. Definitely he’s still a little shaken and has no idea what he’s supposed to do now. But he’s certain that whatever comes next, he’s prepared for it.
A steeper slope of hill has him breathing heavier. The air cuts even sharper into the bottom of his chest with every inhale. He coughs, miserable.
The figure paused, and Dean realized for the first time that it was the wrong height and build to be Sam. Instinctively, his hand moved towards the knife he always kept in his back pocket, adrenaline pumping, ready for a fight. Then the figure spoke.
Sam stared at him, bewildered, but when he saw the look in his brother’s eyes he understood. He had seen that look before, in the mirror, every time he thought of Jess. Her memory had haunted him for years, no matter how much distance he put between them. But those memories were tied to another time, another Sam, one who had tried to be someone he was never destined to be. Dean’s were tied to the person who made him who he was. He would carry those memories on his own; he didn’t need any other reminder.
Dean turned his attention back to the road and, for the first time in a long time, the road seemed a little brighter.
There were still women. Sometimes men. Most only lasted a night, some a little bit longer. One even stuck around long enough for him to for him to consider it something, but when the time came to decide if it should be something more, he burned it down until the flame had been extinguished and nothing was left but bitterness and ash.
The silence swirled around them, but this time it was different. Gone was the oppressiveness, replaced instead with a bittersweet acceptance that came from knowing that they had come to the end of one road and the start of another. Only this time, they wouldn’t be traveling down it together.
Kaia walked through the front door a few minutes later, pink bakery box in her hands and an impish grin on her face.
“You get of at midnight, huh?” He slid the napkin into his back pocket. “Tell me, if I call, does that mean you’ll be getting me off at midnight, too?”
Dean had longed for a home ever since the night he watched the only one he had known burn to ash in front of him, with his mother inside. As a teenager, the closest he had come was when his father would drop him and his brother off at Bobby’s junkyard up in Sioux Falls before disappearing for weeks on end to hunt some monster or another. As a young man, home had been Baby, engine purring as she crisscrossed the country, carrying them from one adventure to the next, Sam in the seat beside him. And, as a man, home had been the bunker.
In fairness, Jack wasn’t gone, just changed. As different as he may be, the love he had for his father still remained, strong enough for him to spend months brokering his father’s freedom from the Empty, although not without a catch. There was always a catch.
The thought reawakened something inside him, hot and quick, like the strike of a match in a darkened room. It melted the panic from his face, replacing it with the crooked, cocksure smile that had first begun to work it’s way deep into his muscle memory long ago, in an old barn on a moonless night in Pontiac. Dean leaned in closer, his swagger back in full force, and ran his eyes openly up and down the other man‘s body, taking his time to show his appreciation.
Kaia smile widened, and she flicked the box open with a flourish. Both girls looked on expectedly as he peered inside to find a nicely decorated - but somewhat ordinary looking - cake.
His eyes widened in realization, and a smile spread across his face. “Always,” Cas repeated, as though saying it out loud would cement it as true.
Growing up, Dean had never thought he’d make it past thirty. Which, to be fair, he hadn’t. He had died at twenty-nine, not in the blaze of glory he had always envisioned, but as an act of love.
That was always there where the fantasies twisted back into shame. Dean had spent his life trying to be a real man, like John, and his father had made it clear that real men didn’t rest their heads in other men’s lap. They didn’t like the sensation that came from slipping a pair of women’s panties over their skin. And above all, they didn’t get off imagining how it would feel to have another man - a man they love - bury himself deep inside of them.
“…I’m telling you Cas, I researched every place within a hundred miles, and the reviews for this one were friggin’ fantastic. Someone posted a picture of their steak and, no joke, it was the size of my head. Oh, and I checked the menu to make sure they had something for you. You ever try brisket the last time you were human? I figured that might be a good starting point for you, since you’re still new to a lot of this stuff and a steak might be a little overwhelming - at least for now. If they cook it right, it’ll melt in your mouth, like chocolate. You remember chocolate, right? Hershey’s and M&M’s and stuff? It’s like that, but better, ‘cause it’s meat. And they mix bacon in top of their mac and chee - ”
The worry on his face dissolved into a smile. Dean turned the key in the ignition and the Impala roared to life. He guided her out of the garage, past the classic cars and vintage motorcycles long abandoned by the Men of Letters, until they found themselves out on the familiar old dusty farm road that would take them to the highway and away from Lebanon. Cas turned his head and watched as the bunker - the only true home he had ever known - began to shrink in the rear view, until eventually it disappeared from sight. He wondered if he would ever see it again.
Dean hadn’t known why that last one had changed, but he never thought about it too hard. He had always been too afraid of the answer. Because the truth was, he had chosen Cas a long time ago. He just hadn’t realized it yet.
He always ended his prayers like that now. The words were still hard for him to say, even to an empty room. Dean said them anyway. He didn’t know if Cas could hear him, but if he could, he wanted him to know he was loved.
It didn’t take long to finish the case. After battling God, Lucifer, Knights of Hell, Leviathians, and just about every other creature heaven or hell could throw at them, one vamp wasn’t much of a challenge. The hunt felt like old times - tense, strained, with an undercurrent of resentment - the way it did when Sam had first left Stanford to join him on the road all those years ago. It was fitting, that the end should feel like the beginning.
The car purred to a stop in front of the bay doors. The figure of a man exited the Impala and began walking towards him, cloaked in the darkness of the night. Dean shook his head and smiled, putting down his tools to meet his brother.
“I ran into her on a case. Spent a few hours catching up. It turns out she still has a pretty big soft spot for us. Did you know she’s been around forever?”
Dean turned to see the sleek, black hood of a ‘67 Impala pull into view, just outside the bay doors.
The line disconnected, and Dean went back to removing the cylinder heads, not giving much thought to the surprise Sam claimed was on it’s way. The heads were always heavy - it would be easier to lift with help - but he had learned over the years how to get the job done on his own. He took care of the timing gear and the camshaft, and was just about to remove the oil pan when the sound of an old, familiar rumbling caught his attention.
, Dean pleaded silently. He didn’t want the power to be handed over to him that easily. He wanted the other man to fight for it, to push back, to meet his stare with defiance the way Cas did, in a silent challenge that made his blood run hot and his heart beat with the thunderous bass of a kick drum. But it was too late. The bartender’s gaze had already wandered across the room, to where another man was watching them from a table in the corner, his eyebrows knitted together in confusion.
The three of them would still hunt together, but more often than not Dean would take off on his own, just him and Baby, investigating leads neither Sam or Eileen saw any promise of the supernatural in. Most of the time they were right, but Dean would stick around and work them anyway.
Cas stared at him, disbelieving, head tilted and blues eyes searching, the same way they had the night they first met in that barn in Pontiac, when he looked beyond the walls Dean had built and realized that he didn’t think he deserve to be saved. Dean had been angry then - angry that Castiel had so easily seen what he had worked his whole life to hide. Now, Dean stood defenseless, walls down by choice, praying that Cas could see the truth in his soul.
“Is this what it feels like? Lust?” Cas asked quietly, as he ran his hand through his love’s graying hair.
If Cas thought he was good, then it must be true. Dean may not know who he was if he wasn’t trying to be John Winchester, but he was ready to start finding out. After all, what did he have to be afraid of? John Winchester was dead, and Dean had literal angels on his side. Well, one ex-angel and one Nephilium-turned-God, but still, close enough.
His angel gazed at him, blue eyes crinkling with astonishment. He reached out, hesitantly, to run his hand across Dean’s cheek, then stopped, looking at him for permission. Dean nodded, and the tips of Cas’s fingers ghosted across his skin, dancing down his cheek and brushing across his lips, soft and sweet. His hands continued their innocent exploration, his thumb running over the coarse stubble of his beard, while the other carded through his hair, grayed by time.
Dean gathered up his jacket, blue, with the faint outline of a handprint still on the left sleeve. Then he carefully slipped a cassette tape into the pocket and headed down the hall to Room 15, where his angel was waiting for him.
He tore his gaze away from his mouth and found the hunter studying him intently. Upon realization he had been caught, Dean’s pale, pink flush deepened into a rosy bloom that traveled upwards, turning the tips of his ears scarlet. Dean cleared his throat then swallowed, hard. “Let‘s do this thing then.”
Cas nodded, and Dean’s hand slipped into the pocket of his trench coat, fingers closing over a familiar piece of cold, ridged metal. He pulled out the key to Baby and held it in his hand. It still fit solidly in his palm, just as he remembered, though not quite as perfectly as the hands of the man standing before him.
Sam had never loved classic rock the way his brother had, but lately he found himself missing the heavy bass lines and high energy guitar riffs that used to roar from the Impala’s speakers. In the last few months, his brother’s taste in music, much like his brother himself, had changed. Mellowed. Dean still favored the classics, but now he gravitated towards a softer selection - slow, mournful songs, steeped in longing and regret.
And when Dean did find himself in a bar, and some beautiful woman was looking at him with desire in her eyes and a hand on his thigh - well that one had been much harder to explain away. In the past, Dean wouldn't have thought twice about leading her outside for a private tour of Baby’s back seat, but in those last few years…
If Dean thought those things, it meant he couldn’t be like his father. And Dean didn’t know who he was if he wasn’t trying to be like John Winchester.
Dean took a step closer, his hand moving to the nape of Cas’s neck, while the other slipped around his waist, guiding the angel forward, into him. For a moment, Cas lay slack against him, unresponsive. Then, slowly, clumsily, he encircled his arms around him and collapsed into the embrace.
“Well that’s not encouraging.” He sighed, then abruptly changed subjects. “Hey, do you remember Mrs. Butters?”
“Hey Dean, did you know they kept making movies after 1995? Maybe one night we could watch something from after I was born,” Kaia teased in between mouthfuls of popcorn.
“I don’t know. I guess whatever I want.” He smiled at his brother. “How about you? You two pick out a name yet? For the baby?”
Sam had asked Dean to accompany him on a case in Kansas City, where three victims had been killed by exsanguination in two weeks. They hadn’t worked a job together a month, but Eileen wasn’t feeling well, and Sam didn’t want to go alone, so the brothers packed their gear and loaded up Baby for the hunt. Eileen came with them to the garage to see them off, and Sam kissed her goodbye. It was just a simple peck on the lips, but as he pulled away, Dean caught his brother’s eyes flicker downward, to her stomach, and he smiled. That’s when Dean knew it was finally time.
The last chords of the song swelled, then died, and Dean reached out to switch off the stereo. Sam turned to look at him. His brother was staring straight ahead at the nearly empty highway, his eyes shining from the pool of tears collecting behind his lash line, ready to spill over if only he would let them.
“Interested? No offense, but the way you’ve been watching me all night says otherwise.” He pushed the napkin towards him. “I get off at midnight.”
When Dean finally tired of life on the open road, he settled in a small town about an hour north of Sioux Falls. It was close enough to Jody’s to be able to visit her and the girls on the days when the loneliness inside him surged and swelled, pushing him to his breaking point, but still far enough to satisfy his need for freedom. He took a job as a mechanic in an auto shop, worked hard, kept his head down, and, after a few months of sleeping alone in a cheap motel just off the highway, he finally had enough to put a down payment on his own little piece of paradise.
“I know.” Dean yanked off his suit jacket and tie, trying to free himself from the feeling of suffocation that the thought of returning to the bunker brought him. He threw them both in the trunk and slammed it shut, hard. Too hard.
Claire didn’t visit much at first; just the occasional stop on the way back to Sioux Falls after a hunt when the road took her in his direction. As the visits became more frequent, their bond became stronger. And, over time, he grew to love her, the way he should have loved Jack if he hadn‘t been so afraid. He taught her about cars, and when he opened his own shop she would help out with repairs to make money between hunts. Sometimes they’d hustle pool together. Sometimes they would talk about Cas.
The last time he had lost his grace, Dean had kicked him out of the bunker almost immediately. It had nearly been 24 hours since his return from the Empty. He wondered how much longer he had this time.
Dean excused himself before dessert and headed back to his room in the motel, alone. From the way Sam and Eileen had been making eyes at each other all night, he had a feeling neither of them minded.
And that was when he realized the ghosts from the bunker were in Baby, too. Dean stared at the keys and made a decision.
He looked at his reflection one last time and tugged the tie free from his neck. It looked good, but if things went the way he was hoping for tonight, a tie would only slow things down.
Dean moved towards him in long, quick strides, closing the gap between them, ripping off his oil-stained work gloves as he went. Every piece of Dean - heart, body, and soul - longed to wrap his arms around him and draw him close, but his mind -  a hunter’s mind, still, long conditioned to distrust anything that brought him happiness - kept him grounded.
Dean had traded his soul for his baby brother’s life. And he would have stayed dead, trapped in Hell for all eternity, if it hadn’t been for Cas. His angel had rescued him from the pit and rebuilt him, body and soul, piece by piece. At twenty-nine, he had been given a second chance and twelve extra years. Twelve, plus who knows how many more.
. Compassion, at first, then kinship. A bond, beyond any he had shared with his brothers and sisters in Heaven, one that had bloomed into something beautiful. And from that bloom sprouted the seeds of other bonds, for Sam and Mary, for Jack and Claire.
Cas took a step back, overwhelmed, and rested his forehead against Dean’s. They stood there together, silent but for the sounds of their ragged breaths, flushed skin against cool night air.
Amara had once told him. She had been wrong about bringing his mother back, and she was wrong about that. Bitch.
Cas stared at the clock, silently willing time to slow down, or better yet, come to a stop. It was dangerously close to six o’clock. Dean would be knocking at his door any moment now.
Thank you so much to everyone who left comments and Kudos on the previous chapter. Being new to fan fiction, it's so encouraging to see there are people out who are enjoying the story. I truly appreciate your support!
Eileen moved in a few months later, and Dean watched as the bunker transformed itself back into a home again. Just not for him.
When Dean was a young man, the knowledge that he would grow up to be like Bobby would have filled him with disappointment. Now, at 47, there was no one who could make him prouder.
“I just told you, guy found dead with his spleen ripped out. Oh, and they didn’t find the spleen. I guessing whatever killed him was feeling a little hangry and needed a snack.”
Dean rolled open the bay doors, letting in the cool Dakota night air. He clicked on his phone, and the sound of classic rock filled the empty room as he threw on his favorite pair of oil-stained work gloves and got to work rebuilding the engine of a 1962 Mustang project car. It was a broken down thing, battered and rusting, but it had been beautiful once, and with enough love it could be again.
Cas. He wanted to know what he looked like - felt like - under that ridiculous baggy trench coat, wanted to suck on those full, pink, perpetually chapped lips until they were slick with his spit. He wanted to trail wet, hot kisses over dark stubble until his mouth was red and raw. He wanted to nuzzle against his neck long enough to leave a mark, so that anyone who saw them knew Cas belonged to him. But more than anything, he wanted Cas to want him back, to do something to him that no son of John Winchester should ever even think about, let alone ache for.
“Wait ‘til you hit fifty,” Dean warned him, as he worked to free the valve cover that the last mechanic had bolted on impossibly tight. “You’ll never sleep through the night again, noise or not.”
Eileen turned out to be a welcome addition to their little team of two. Like the Winchesters, she had been raised in the world of hunting, and it showed. There was a resoluteness in her, a drive to keep going, to shoulder the responsibility of the hunt until the problem had been taken care of. She was smart, too, picking up on clues the boys had missed. Dean wondered if her loss of hearing gave her the ability to notice visual details in a way he never could.
It had been more than just the place he would crawl back to when he was broken and bleeding. The bunker was also the place where he spent countless late nights at the kitchen counter, drinking beer and laughing with Sam and Cas. It was where the four of them would cram into the Dean Cave to watch cheesy action flicks, Sam, as always, in the seat beside him, Jack, cross legged on the floor, and Cas…Cas standing just behind, watching the three of them more often than the movie, his eyes shining with something akin to pride. It was the place where he finally grew up. It was the place where he had built his family.
It was a modest find, a couple of leaky pipes and one bad roof away from a fixer upper, but it had strong foundation and a view of the lake. On Saturday mornings, he would drive to the hardware store in town to pick up supplies, then spend the rest of the weekend doing whatever he could to bring the place back to life. When he was done, he would pack up his tools and sit on the small dock at the edge of the lake, watching the sun sink into the water with nothing but a cooler of beer and his memories to keep him company. It was a quiet life, tinged with melancholy, but that was the way he wanted it.
But the bunker didn’t feel like home to Dean, not anymore. He used to see it as a place of safety, of comfort - a refuge in a never ending storm of chaos and uncertainty. Now all he saw were the ghosts of everything he had lost.
The bartender was leaning in now, too, near enough for Dean to see the rise and fall of his chest quicken under the stiff fabric of his white button-up. Near enough for him to see the eyes were the wrong shade of blue. Near enough to make it impossible for him to keep pretending the man standing in front of him was Cas.
Silence filled the air. The phone buzzed as a new text came through, but Sam ignored it. He switched off his screen, letting the blue glow fade to black, and joined his brother in the darkness. Dean shifted uncomfortably and repositioned his hands on the steering wheel.
He stared down at the remaining liquid with a furrowed brow. Whiskey. Dean drank it to escape pain. And yet, the thing that took away his pain brought with it a different pain of it’s own. It was confusing. Confusing and contradictory and yet somehow so very human.
”I saying I’m powerless,” he muttered darkly. “I no longer have any abilities of note. I’m sorry, Dean, it appears I’ve outlasted my usefulness.”
“Brother. Why?” He leaned closer and took a swig of beer, licking his lips as he set the bottle down. “You jealous?”
He squeezed him tight, one last time, and climbed into the driver’s seat of a new car, one where he didn’t expect to find Sam in the seat beside him. Then he started up the engine and drove away from Lebanon, as Bob Seger played from the stereo. And, for the first time in his life, he finally felt truly free.
His brother would still call every night to check in, no matter how busy he was with his own case. Sam wouldn’t let the tether of brotherhood slip free, even as the rope began to fray and the slack piled up between them. It was that tether that pulled Dean back to the bunker time and time again, even as the urge to break free grew stronger.
The fuel pump clicked, letting them know the tank was full. Dean removed the nozzle from the Impala and placed it back in it’s holder, taking a deep breath before climbing back in the car. “Ready?” he asked Sam, forcing a smile. His brother nodded, and Dean turned the key in the ignition, bringing Baby back to life.
“Dean…” Sam trailed off as his brother sat down, not sure how to address what he had just witnessed. He didn’t care who his brother wanted to sleep with, no matter how surprising it may be, but him flirting hot and heavy with a guy who bore more than a passing resemblance to Cas had the potential for disaster written all over it.
The door shut in the room next to him, and the sound of Sam and Eileen’s laughter drifted through the motel’s thin plywood walls. He heard a thud as their headboard slammed against the plaster, followed by the sounds of their muffled conversation as they spoke to each other sweet and low, the way lovers do. Dean pushed himself up and rifled around his duffle until he found his headphones, then he blasted Metallica into his ears as loud as he could, drowning out the sounds of happiness from the room next door. He had never felt more lonely.
After I quickly put my signature in the destined place (didn’t expect this Dick guy to actually make the documents so accurate, especially with how much he seems to hate this), I tap Cas on the shoulder to break him out of his happy place. Fortunately, he swiftly reacts and takes the documents to sign them, definitely just as worn out as I am by Dick’s outbreak and just as eager to get over with everything already.
“What the hell did we both do last night?” I ask incredulously. Before Cas could express in words the confusion on his face, I add “I can’t remember shit, before you ask. Only Gabriel telling me stories about traumatic orgies and disturbing chocolate gooses, then everything getting all black.” Really hope that guy didn’t attack me after that or something. How the hell could I get dead drunk with a stranger and leave my guard this down is beyond me.
Also, Cas's fear of touching will get expanded more in the future (it also has its own triggers that are already tagged)
Garth probably notices a beginning of anger on my face and adds “He seems to be the youngest son of the family. Though, I haven’t heard much about him and he doesn’t seem to attend any of the family’s luxury events.”
. My voice was trembling and I said it like a question. But it doesn’t feel right for me to lie about the pies. They are sacred. They are precious. They must be protected. Even from Cas and even if they were bought by maxing his credit card. I still feel shameless despite doing that. The pies were worth it.
Just like today. Nothing triggering happened, no bad memories, no dissociations, absolutely nothing. Yet, during one night, I find myself in the middle of the worst day of my life. I’m with my father in our home, watching a baseball game while drinking beer. Those days I used to take odd jobs, while pumped up in suppressants in order to not attract attention, in disguise as a beta. That day though, we both had a rare same day off and were planning to just spend some quality time together.
Wow, is this guy getting his flirting game to a new level, or is he really that angelic? “I’m actually feeling good today, Cas.” I smirk while lazily making my way to him. “Shall we also have our date today since you have lots of free time?”
Well, usually omegas don’t change so many centers like I do and are kept their whole lives by the alpha who chose them. But not me. Even when an alpha has taken me in (no idea why, they probably just want to try to tame me), I either manage to run away - the damn implanted chip gets me back to the center anyway - or piss him off so much that he’s returning me. Even the personnel of these centers seems to usually hate my bratty attitude.
!? You fucking expect me to feel fucking alright in this fucked up situation?” My voice is hoarse from all the screaming, but I can’t stop myself from not calling out his bullshit, even though I know it’s useless.
I stop my tentative at opening the handcuffs and close my palm to hide the nail, once this trench coat wearing guy enters the room. He looks like a normal human, but all demons look like ones.
When she turns around, I can still see the smirk on her face. She’s an alpha, but even for her it’s definitely reckless what she just did. “Lady, you’re totally crazy!” I laugh in disbelief at her, making her smirk widen even more.
The last time I’ve been sold on the black market as a slave, after trying many other punishments, they used a last resort. A fucking coffin. They locked me up in there for
“’Night Cas.” I don’t think it’s gonna be a good night with him on the same bed as me, while being surrounded by his smell, but I do feel oddly at peace right now.
“I need to go to the bathroom.” This was the last thing I said before hurrying to where the signs were pointing to the nearest bathroom.
. They did take me to an omega center, where the alphas I ended up with were still a bunch of assholes. But at least they weren’t allowed to beat the shit out of me. Or have the sick idea of locking me up into a coffin.
Garth just wears a small sad smile in response and whispers “Please try to contact me if he gets too much. He doesn’t seem as weird as Gabriel, but he’s still acting strange. There’s something about him-”
He’s tilting his head with the squinty eyes at me, definitely not getting his own joke, so I continue the original conversation. “Yeah, but isn’t it illegal to get personal info on people she sees on the streets and use it for her own gain? It doesn’t seem fair to me to get away with it this easily.”
Only then, I see the despair on Cas’s face. It’s only been half a day, but his expression breaks my heart. I don’t like this at all. I now realize that I know next to nothing about Cas, while another part of me still wonders why am I already so hung up on this guy.
voice. Damn him. But then, he’s tilting his head and squinting his eyes like some tentative of confusedness at what’s happening here.
I failed everyone. My father, Bobby, Benny, now even Cas, a stupid alpha who doesn’t even know what’s good for him.
Triggers: Attempted sexual assault, claustrophobic descriptions (being claustrophobic myself described some real feelings here)
I’m shaken from my thoughts by finally getting to civilization. It’s a weird feeling though. Usually, I used to be pumped up on suppressants and the people wouldn’t bat an eye on the normal betas or the arrogant looking alphas. My thoughts get to
Despite that, it’s been a few days since me and Cas have been sharing his bed. The second night, I was staying later than Cas as usual, but was planning to sleep back in my room and use a spare blanket and pillow, since mine were still in his room. However, a kicked puppy waited for me in front of his room and after sighing to his mumbling “I cannot sleep, Dean.”, I followed him back to his room.
He looks shocked for a few moments when he sees that I’m still holding his hand, though he quickly snaps out of his daydreaming. “Dean! You should not move around yet!” I ignore him and drag him out of the room. He carried me again on the downstairs room, so it’s a short walk to the kitchen.
. Who knows if that’s the only one, or if there are even more hidden in the disaster around us. The whole place looks now like it was invaded by a bunch of thieves.
After a few seconds of thinking he says “Say it for six times: The sixth sick Sheik's sixth sheep's sick.”
omegas. It’s like the sun is shining out of this guy’s ass and whatever I say doesn’t seem to affect him. He’s just a nice guy who keeps giving motivational quotes and bear hugs, while telling obviously make-up stories that have nothing to do with this cruel world.
me try on the many flannels. I do feel a little embarrassed since he’s intently staring while I put on, then
He keeps following me through the house at a somehow medium pace, probably scared that he’ll have to clean the floors again from puke if I stir my stomach too much. “You will definitely puke, Dean. At least do it before you get an indigestion.”
.” I get back to my teasing tone and smirk a little at the returning of his puzzled look. I’ll probably
Is this guy a fucking shrink or something? Why the hell he keeps analyzing anything that I do? It’s like I’m an ant under the magnifying glass, but he’s not only trying to study me, he wants to use the sun to make me burn until there’s nothing left but the true me. Like hell he’ll ever get that.
then. The last time we went outside he seemed to try to avoid looking at others and felt so out of the place walking amongst crowds.
Both of their heads turn at me, Gabriel’s genuine smile getting more evil by the second. “Let’s do this!” He suddenly screams next to Cas’s ear, receiving an elbow in the stomach in response.
Even though a part of me keeps screaming that he must be lying and he’s only saying it to deceive me, a bigger part can’t help but wanting to trust in him. I’ve also never seen an alpha act like this, especially for a stupid reason like me getting sad over something he said.
“I am no longer an angel of the Lord, Dean. I cannot be that when I worship someone else.” He then locks his blue eyes with mine and leans his face for a kiss.
When the movie finally ends, and after a few moments of hesitation, Cas releases my hand to get up sluggishly from the couch. “I think I will go to bed now. What about you, Dean?” Cas asks, but even his voice is lifeless, like he lost his soul instead of making it stronger.
“So, I only need to be your whore and maid for six months and then you’ll let me free?” I ask, lowering my eyebrows but feeling more confident about this new chance I’m given. Six months to act like a submissive,
My hands had become numb from the tension, though I still try to hide my face behind them, while he reaches for my face and strokes it.
me. At least they didn’t leave scars on my face, with the rule that an omega should at least keep his
There’s also an estranged feeling I long forgot. The feeling of warm hands under my head, then a soft pillow and thick blanket covering me. Yes, I remember now. The feeling of
“Cas!” I suddenly interrupt his burst of panic, since he’s the one seeming on the verge of a panic attack now. “I’m okay now. It just… happens… sometimes?”
“I’ll make you something to eat and get you some pills. Then, you can start cleaning up, you two.” Cas says while making his way to the kitchen.
Though, after taking a seat on a nearby bench and only now seeing his hunched shoulders and his panicky moves make me realize something. I’m a complete
Since I kept my speechless and stunned face the whole time, Charlie finally sighs and tells me earnestly. “Take care of Cas, will ya? I have great expectations from you, Dean!” Her eyes get amused that moment. “I usually tell omegas to take care of themselves first, but you’re too badass for that!” She quickly turns around and waves a hand while leaving. “Keep it up! See ya!”
To that, Gabriel laughs out loud, wiping some imaginary tears from his eyes. “My dear little brother, you are using those air quotes so wrong, but who am I to ‘tell you what to do’?” While childishly bending his own fingers just like Cas did and starting another round of laughing.
Instead, I only show a small smile and tease him “Come on Garth, what did I tell you about the chick-flick moments, huh?”
At least during a sleepover, the other persons usually don’t make a conscious effort to keep their distance from you.
” I feel a smile creeping my mouth during my mocking, but then I realize what I’m doing and finally release him.
Not Cas, though. He’s so relaxed now and happily walking like he just enjoys being in this moment. It makes me wonder what’s really inside his head right now.
After buying the milkshakes and having a seat at a table, Cas asks exactly the same type of question I wanted to avoid answering to him. “How about we get to know each other better, Dean?”
I finally answer in a small trembling voice “C-Cas… C-can’t g-get up…” Now that the rush of adrenaline is gone, I’m badly dissociating and can’t even move or focus on anything. It’s a miracle that I managed to spew a few words out. That is if Cas caught them.
puke on the floor and made his greatest fear still become true. Actually, doubling it, since Gabriel did it too. Yay! “After I cleaned you up the best I could, I dragged you both to the couches, where you slept until now,” He sighs, frowning in annoyance at me. “Of course, I cleaned up the puke, but I do expect both of you to deal with the rest of the mess.”
Dean jolts beneath him, clearly shocked by the action, and his bold green eyes come into sight as he stares at Cas in shock.
For a few seconds, Cas just stands there panting, hot embarrassment flowing through his veins as the familiar realization of what he’s done sets in.
He sighs and then bites his lip when a dirty little thought creeps through his mind. He wants Dean to touch him the same way Crowley did. He wants to feel Dean’s fingertips rubbing near his rim. He feels himself hardening again. He can’t seem to get this erection to go away.
Cas is relaxed, too taken by the way the human’s affection feels to remember his worries. This is his new home now... He can’t return to Heaven ever again... Crowley probably isn’t coming back... This... is it. All he has to do was avoid wetting himself, then the human won’t hit him anymore...
Now, Crowley is grabbing him again, yanking Cas down and forcing him to bend across his lap. Cas’ face hits the couch cushion and he gasps as a hard wave of desperation twists through him. Several hot drops of piss leak into his toga and Cas squeezes hard, locking up his muscles to keep from leaking further.
His lips are so soft, just barely touching Cas’ flesh, and the sparks racing up his spine are undoing him, keeping him hard as a rock from Dean’s attention. Too quickly, Dean’s mouth pulls away and he takes hold of Castiel’s ass, spreading his cheeks wide open.
Every thrust brings a wave of fresh pleasure pounding up his spine. They’re hot and sweaty and Dean’s hands are everywhere across his skin. He’s drowning Cas in kisses and cradling Cas in his arms as he makes love to him.
Cas clearly doesn’t understand anything Dean is saying. Instead, he just leans back in Dean’s arms, sighing in contentment. His stream runs strong for a few long seconds before finally tapering out. Cas lets Dean shake him off before pushing his way out of Dean’s hold; clearly still a little bit miffed about yesterday.
Cas prepares himself for the worst. Dean will definitely beat him now! He’s completely soaked the man. Even the couch is wet.
Dean is making gentle praising noises in Cas’ ear as he slowly retrieves his fingers, leaving Cas completely empty when he finally pulls away.
“Look at you, baby,” Dean is whispering and hot tingles of pleasure climb Cas’ spine at the sound of his sweet voice. He’s not yelling or scolding Cas, he’s just cooing in his ear.
Dean’s rewards. Not at all! He’s a holy creature! He doesn’t yearn for the man’s touch! Instead, he wants to escape and return to his home!
Dean stands Cas back up before finally leading him to a different room in the house. He starts a bath, filling up the tub with warm water and forcing Cas to undress. He doesn’t really understand what is going on until Dean leads him into the water, sitting him down and encouraging him to relax.
Cas starts dripping a steady stream, struggling to keep his legs still as he dances through the tiny streaks running down his thighs. If this is permission... he has to take it; he’s so desperate that he can’t wait anymore.
The thin fabric of his toga can do nothing to hold back the flow as it races down his trembling legs and starts pooling at his feet.
Pain spikes all through Cas’ groin when weight is suddenly thrown on top of his bladder for the second time that day. He doesn’t know how much longer he can hold this.
Cas stretches back out, lying back against his cloud. Suddenly, he’s hurtling toward Earth. The cloud beneath him just
Dean’s eyes slide open when he feels the bed move. Cas must’ve gotten up. He rolls over toward the angel’s side and starts feeling for him, only to find that he isn’t there. Idly, Dean wonders where he’s gone before slowly drifting back to sleep.
Cas is startled by the sheer amount of liquid in his bladder. His groin is heavy, his dick a little bit hard with desperation.
Dean gasps loudly, his eyes filling with lust and his scent of arousal nearly tripling. Cas is so defeated, draining helplessly, unable to stop himself as his bladder gushes full force. The dam breaking for the second time that day.
His name is Dean Winchester and he is pretty to look at. Much more attractive than most of the humans Crowley deals with regularly. It makes him want to flirt a little, get inside his head. He can tell two distinctive things about Dean right from the start.
There’s a noticeable wet spot on the couch, turning the gray fabric a telling black right where Cas had been sitting.
He’s never felt so uncomfortable before, but now he’s in full panic mode. There are thick brick walls around him, dark heavy ceilings above him and the fire burning in the nearby fireplace smothers him in heat, making him sweat. He can hardly breathe.
Tingles run across Cas' lips and he finds that he deeply likes the magnetic feel of their mouths moving together... He wants more, slower, just like it looked on TV. He leans closer and presses his mouth against Dean’s again, making the man beneath him gasp in bliss.
“Are you gonna piss on me, baby?” Dean asks, wrapping his arms around Cas’ waist, holding him in place while Cas struggles. He’s squirming around in Dean’s hold, trying not to leak. He knows Dean is asking him a question, but that’s about all he understands.
He’s squirming around, leaking onto the floor. He’s trying his best to hide it, but he’s still naked. Dean has washed his toga and dried it but hasn’t given it back to Cas yet. At this point, why bother? He’d just have to turn around and wash it again. Besides, he enjoys looking at Cas’ body, especially when he is grabbing himself and dripping helplessly. All his muscles are bulging, his body all locked up as he tries to keep his piss inside of him.
The second time he wakes up it’s because Dean is on top of him, kissing softly at his chin and dragging his hands down Cas’ body. He smells good, obviously fresh out of the shower, and for a moment, it’s pleasing. The kisses are soft and gentle, and if Cas wasn’t trying to sleep then he might welcome the tender affection.
https://mtfproductions.com/more-than-friends/2020/11/18/the-podcast-w-benefits-episode-2-is-available-now
. He’s tired and sleepy and just wants to hide and forget about the mess he made earlier that day when he’d sat on Dean’s lap and pissed himself.
Cas can smell it in the very air around him, can hear the human's heart pounding hard in his chest. Castiel tries his best to stop, pinching off his flow, but the damage has already been done.
How could he let himself fall asleep like that?! He’s been kidnapped by demons! He has to get out of here!
Cas just whimpers, shoving against Dean’s hands to stop the assault. Dean is biting at his shoulder when the fire alarm above suddenly starts blasting. His heart races and the only thought in his head is stopping the obnoxious sound.
His dick is pulsating with need as a few more trickles slide out. It’s enough to race off his skin and down onto the mattress below.
Cas looks down at the ground, feeling a wave of sudden fear well up in his chest and start choking him. What if Dean never comes back? What’s he going to do?
Dean is hard behind his jeans just watching the angel struggle. He licks his lips subconsciously, trying to focus on what he’s cooking, but that all changes when his little stormcloud moves into the kitchen. His presence is turbulent and Dean turns the burner down to low so he can turn and watch the downpour.
“Oh, baby,” Dean whispers quietly, and Cas recognizes the word. It seems to be a name that Dean has given him, whenever Dean’s around Cas he calls him that.
Dean has moved from his spot on the couch to his kitchen. He’s standing at the stovetop burner, pushing hamburger meat around on the skillet. Cas is still hovering in front of the bathroom door, trying to will it open with his mind, but he’s starting to lose his composure.
The blankets are shoved down around his calves, keeping his feet nice and warm. The sun is on his skin and the fan across the room is osculating slowly, blowing a blast of cool air across his ass and thighs every so often, just like a gust of wind blowing through when he used to nap in the sky.
Suddenly it’s like he’s back in the sky, filling the clouds like he’s supposed to. His aching wings flutter beneath their chains as his little stream morphs into a full-on torrent. The next thing he knows, it’s hissing, rushing out of him full-force, leaving his comforter-cloud creation absolutely sodden as it pours out of him like a river.
A deep moan rumbles out of Cas’ throat as Dean’s stream really starts to take off, hissing inside of him. Cas quakes. The heat is overwhelming, expanding through his insides and soaking him from the inside out. There’s so much that it’s rushing out right where it enters, covering his upper thighs and soaking the mattress beneath them. It’s sticky and wet and the smell of it reeks in Cas’ nose as he pants for air.
He wishes he didn’t have to piss in his toga, his stream is hot and heavy right against his foot and Cas wants to push the fabric aside and just go completely on the carpet without wetting himself...
Castiel gasps suddenly, feeling a hot dribble race down his leg. He shudders, trying his best not to lose it completely. He whines, trying to beg for some kind of permission and forgiveness at the same time. He squeezes his legs together, trying to resist, trying to hold back.
Cas is finding that it is getting hard for him to hold back his own need, piss is pressing against the tip of his dick, asking to get out. He’s worried he might start leaking.
“Fuck,” Dean curses. He is eyeing Cas up and down, staring right at Cas’ erection straining behind his toga.
“They often need to be housebroken, just like any pet” Crowley states, avoiding Dean’s eyes as he provides this information. “and it’s said to be pretty hard to teach them to use the toilet.”
Several hours later the sun is pouring in from the bedroom window, covering Cas’ bare skin in warm, blissful sunlight.
Cas gasps silently and clenches his fists. Now that he understands his need it’s all he can think about. He’s on the verge of dripping into his toga and wetting himself just like he did in Hell. He bites his bottom lip, dancing in place to push his need away.
He sounds gruff, irritated, but somehow the sound of his voice is soothing. It’s enough to pull Cas back into consciousness, anchoring him to the room he’s swirling around in. His wings twitch, trying to expand and stabilize him, but all they do is rattle the chains they’re wrapped up in.
Cas finds himself wriggling in Dean’s grasp as the man’s stream continues. He wishes he could tell Dean to stop, but every time he opens his mouth a moan flows out instead. It feels incredible. His sensitive insides are bathed in heat, the stream is rushing right against his prostate making tingles rush up his spine as Dean uses him. He looks so beautiful, so relaxed and blissed out as he lets go.
If you wanna message me and just say hi, give me some ideas for the story or share some feedback in a more private place, I'm SupernaturalEmerald on Tumblr and I'm always open to talk!
Cas grunts at him, trying to warn him somehow that it’s about to happen again. He’s about to leak all over the living room floor.
“We’ll make a fortune off this one,” a man says, snickering. His voice sounds venomous and seems to writhe like a snake. Only demons sound so vile and impure.  Cas can’t understand their language at all, he only knows Enochian.
He sinks to the floor and spreads his legs, giving in to temptation. Castiel sighs and then he’s pissing, completely losing to his need as it starts to flow out of him full force.
What if that was the final straw? What if Dean was so hurt that he just up and left with no plans to return?
If you wanna message me and just say hi, give me some ideas for the story or share some feedback in a more private place, I'm SupernaturalEmerald on Tumblr and I'm always open to talk!
he had left the burner on for too long! He quickly pulls away from Cas, stepping over his puddle to pull his smoking food off the stove. He scrambles to find a new towel in the drawer to fan the fire detector and get it to stop screaming.
It’s all fun and games until Dean suddenly snaps out of his stupor and takes control. He takes Cas’ face in his hands and pulls him into a slow, soft, mind-numbing kiss. All too quickly Cas is forgetting all the reasons he doesn’t like Dean and he’s leaning forward, chasing Dean’s mouth for everything the man will give him.
Cas’ thick thighs are spread wide open and he’s shaking as he drains all over the floor. There’s a clear, rippling puddle spreading rapidly across the linoleum and Dean is definitely going to have to mop the kitchen.
He tries to breathe, tries to stay calm. He can’t humiliate himself further. He can’t piss himself while Crowley is
Cas’ groin pulses and he has to fight back the urge to start pissing. He grabs himself, trying to hold back the piss that needs to pour out. He’s being so well rewarded, but he still needs to piss, his body has never been so confused. The reward is supposed to come afterward and now he’s stuck holding it.
He shudders, overcome by the softness that suddenly surrounds him. It’s instinctual and deeply familiar, making his dick tingle and twitch with absolute need. Within seconds he is spilling over, slowly filling the cloud with a constant stream of piss.
He’s tried to escape, but the human keeps all the doors locked and even if he were to reach the outside, where would he go? The Heavens would never accept him back now that he’s been to Hell, and with the thick chains wrapped around his wings, he couldn’t make it back to the sky even if he did get free of this apartment.
needs to urinate. He was nowhere near finished and he’s quickly losing his ability to hold it with Dean actively swatting him. He tries to breathe, but each inhale just intoxicates him more. Dean smells so good that Cas almost doesn’t want him to stop. The pain is stinging and addictive, and Cas loves the way it radiates all through his whole body.
Then he remembers, Dean had pressed his lips to Cas’ twice today already... but it had happened so fast that Cas didn’t really get to feel it... not like the humans on TV were. They were touching their lips so slowly, expressing passion... Cas touches his own lips in curiosity, running his fingertips against the soft skin.
Dean’s hands are all over Cas then. He runs his hands up and down his thighs, slipping his fingers through Cas’ pubic hair and rubbing his fingers up and down his shaft. It’s driving Cas crazy, making him piss that much harder as if Dean is coaxing it out of him.
Pissing into rain clouds used to be his job; keeping the earth hydrated was his reason for existing... Now, he’s miles away from the boundless sky he used to know, trapped underneath a thick roof in a tiny, claustrophobic apartment.
“No,” Dean says, reaching back best he could and pushing Cas back away from him. This is one of the few English words that Cas has learned at this point, Dean always says it to him when he doesn’t want Cas to do something, but Cas desperately needs to do this.
Despite cumming a few minutes ago, his angel libido is kicking in. Cas is already finding himself hard and he’s been so backed up that he wants to cum again. He eagerly nods his head and Dean starts adjusting them, lining Cas up so all he has to do is press himself down.
Cas stood up a little straighter, reaching under his toga and freeing his cock. He aims his flow at the floor, sighing contently as he spread his legs to piss directly onto the carpet.
He looks up at Dean with a sense of urgency when the last of his stream suddenly starts up again, running along Dean’s hip as he finishes. He just can’t hold back anymore; all he can do is blush deeply as the last of his piss runs free.
The thing that fascinates Cas though isn’t when their bodies connect... but when their mouths do. The humans press their lips against each other, almost like they’re trying to slowly devour one another. It’s strange and alluring and it makes Cas want to try it.
If only angels weren’t forbidden from touching themselves. He’s so pent up that it almost hurts... He whimpers, wishing Dean were home. He knew that the man would whisper softly in his ear, telling Cas all kinds of things he couldn’t understand as he pressed his fingers deep inside of him, unwiring Cas’ brain with each touch...
He pulls Cas closer, kissing him slowly while he continues to piss all over him, his stream still running hot and strong across Dean’s lower stomach while the man stares into his eyes.
Crowley thinks, nearly rolling his eyes at how easy humans are to decode. Now all he has to do is test these theories and make sure his intuition is correct. This is his favorite part.
He opens his eyes enough to glare at Dean, shoving the man’s hands off of him roughly and giving him a deadly look. Dean seems to freeze up in shock, his playful attitude from a moment before completely vanishing as a shocked expression colors his face. He stares at Cas like he’s hurt before pulling away. Cas just rolls onto his stomach, ignoring the other man like he has for the last week.
He wants to soak it so badly; all he can think about is sinking down into the carpet like it’s a cloud, spreading his legs and letting it come. His dribbles turn into a thicker stream, forcing its way out and wetting his upper thighs. Cas shivers, body going still.
Humans are fascinating creatures, never ceasing to amaze him. That’s why Crowley loves doing business with them. He has a little advantage though; demonic intuition. It gives him the ability to read people, their sins and sexual desires laid out before him like an open book. He’s never lost a sale and, how could he? With a glimpse at their innermost desires, Crowley can pick out the perfect type of angel to meet each of his clients needs. And it’s no different for the human that was standing before him right now.
trying to sleep and Dean is getting on his nerves. this is the second time he’s been woken up in the span of 20 minutes.
Cas drags his nails down Dean’s back, trying not to sink into the blissful waves he’s creating. His body is wrought with tension, growing tighter with each roll of Dean’s hips, he can hardly keep up. He’s never had sex before, but the bliss of it was intoxicating. Cas was clinging to Dean for rescue, but he’s the one drowning his body with ungodly pleasure.
“I assume you have money,” Crowley asked, turning his body toward the human. “Angels are hard to catch. It’s an expensive job.”
He wiggles in Dean’s lap when his bladder suddenly makes itself known again. He finds himself shifting around desperately, trying to get comfortable. Then, the next thing Cas knows, he’s panting to the ceiling as Dean starts placing kisses against his neck and collarbone, licking and sucking at the skin there like he’s hungry for it.
https://mtfproductions.com/more-than-friends/2020/11/18/the-podcast-w-benefits-episode-2-is-available-now
Dean suddenly turns his full attention to Cas, looking downright livid with the fact that Cas has pissed on the carpet. Cas can feel the embarrassment sitting deep within his bones. He hadn’t even gone completely, and it‘s starting to hurt to hold back the rest of his urine.
“Oh, just so you know, an angels' refractory period is nearly instant,” Crowley rattles off, making the human fume with anger.
“Cas,” Dean calls from the other room and Cas immediately pinches off his flow, shuddering as relief is ripped away from him.
Dean whispered hotly and Cas kept his face hidden, his hips canting forward when his stream finally stopped. He could feel Dean’s arousal pressing against his ass and his own body was reacting to the relief he’d just found.
Cas takes off toward the bathroom, holding himself tightly as he bursts through the doorway, only to have his mouth fall open in shock.
It’s clear that Castiel is at his breaking point. He can’t stand still and he can’t stop the near-constant dribble of piss running out of him no matter how much he squeezes at his own cock.
He’s barely out of his coat when the angel comes barreling out of the bedroom, staring at Dean with wide, owlish, blue eyes. His mouth is hanging open, like he can’t believe what he’s seeing right before him.
Part of him wants to hold back and try to stop this, but what’s the point when Dean looks like he’s in absolute bliss? He’s gripping Cas’ hips tightly, his voice rumbling through him like a deep growl. His entire body is tight all over, and he looks totally content to just be covered in it.
Dean goes to check the bedroom and Cas follows behind him, sticking to his side like glue. He gets a guilty look on his face and squirms around a little when Dean starts checking the bed, but Dean can’t find any evidence of Cas peeing anywhere...
He’s forgotten just how much he hates being covered in grease and having constant sweat running down his brow.  In fact, quarantine has made him forget a lot of things about his job. Like, how bad his feet hurt from standing all day, or how achy his body gets when he’s bent over someone’s car.
This story was featured on The Podcast w/ Benefits! I was able to sit down with two very open-minded guys and talk about my journey with Watersports and give some behind the scenes details about this fanfic! If you're interested in listening, it's free!! Links below to the website or other listening platforms!
Would it really be so bad to piss on Crowley’s carpet? It’s thick and cushiony against his legs and Cas wants to sink down into it and soak it.
In his dreams, he can understand Dean when he speaks to him. Dean leans down against Cas’ chest, whispering right into his ear, “I have to piss, baby.”
If you wanna message me and just say hi, give me some ideas for the story or share some feedback in a more private place, I'm SupernaturalEmerald on Tumblr and I'm always open to talk!
Castiel sighs deeply, sinking into the cloud, melting into the warmth of the cottony fibers that surround him. The heat swells and squeezes against his dick, making it harden as Cas drains.
Once Cas’ wings are completely wrapped shut, they yank Cas’ onto his knees and handcuff his wrists together. The demons grab him by the arms and drag him to the foot of Crowley’s throne and force him to bow.
“He’s a virgin,” Crowley whispers. His fingers curling tighter around Cas’ hips as he starts to squirm.
“Alright,” Crowley says, taking Dean’s hand and shaking it while flashing his black eyes at him. “I’ll swing by with your angel in a few days.”
Dean starts moaning, his eyes slipping closed as he urinates. He’s using Cas like a raincloud and there’s so much of it that he’s full. The amount of piss pouring into him is making his insides swell, putting pressure on his own bladder and making him ache to release even a little bit of liquid, just to ease the tension.
Why Cas had chosen to climb into his lap and piss there was a mystery. He thought for sure once he started going that Dean would stand up and actually let Cas piss in the toilet. But no; he just enjoyed Cas’ actions as if they were a gift and then rewarded him by taking his virginity.
Castiel grunts loudly, his body suddenly going still. One of the demons elbows him through the bag, hitting him hard in the stomach. Suddenly, Cas remembers why he gave up trying to fight in the first place.
Bathtubs are a little confusing, but once Cas finds a comfortable spot he sinks down into the warm water, feeling clean and safe for the first time in days. Eventually, Dean returns to him with a dry, clean toga and pulls Cas out of the tub, drying him off slowly.
He’s got to return to the clouds, start doing his job again. He just wants his life to return to normal. He squeezes his thighs together and tries to keep from hyperventilating.
“Do you have to piss, baby?” Dean asks, breathing in Cas’ ear. The angel shudders, his wings quivering beneath their chains. Cas looks so good, naked and desperate as he leans back against Dean’s chest, gasping up at him. He’s holding his piss so well while Dean holds him. His fingers are digging into the man’s arms as he looks to him for permission to spill all over the floor.
His way home is a long, traffic-filled drive. Every light is against him, turning red and staying there for an ungodly amount of time before letting him pass. It was like the Universe was purposely trying to slow him down. As if his first day back to work wasn’t hard enough. He just wants to get home and make sure Cas is okay... he’s missed him so much.
“It’s alright,” Dean soothes, his hand sliding up one of Cas’ thighs, brushing over his abdomen and pressing just lightly over his bladder.
If you wanna message me and just say hi, give me some ideas for the story or share some feedback in a more private place, I'm SupernaturalEmerald on Tumblr and I'm always open to talk!
“Look what you fucking did,” Dean says and Cas wishes he understood the man’s language. He smells so aroused and Cas can see his erection straining in his jeans… yet his tone sounds so harsh and angry.
Cas’ back arches and all of his muscles squeeze at once when he starts to feel the heat of it invading his body. Dean is sighing, spreading his legs and sinking down into Cas’ chest as heat starts to trickle against his insides, bathing his prostate in liquid fire. Cas is completely stunned, unable to breathe. His heart halts in its tracks as the reality of what’s happening slowly sinks in.
https://mtfproductions.com/more-than-friends/2020/11/18/the-podcast-w-benefits-episode-2-is-available-now
Castiel feels like he’s on fire, burning with the sparks of bliss that Dean is sending across his skin. He is fully ablaze, sizzling with need and gasping with want. He wants Dean to devour him, wants to feel those lips on every inch of his body.
He squirms and dances, and with a loud yelp of shock piss suddenly bursts out of him, hissing as it breaks free. Cas gasps and tries with all his might to stop it, but his muscles just can’t hold back as his stream forces its way out. He goes still, giving up the fight as his body completely takes over.
Dean reaches around him, taking hold of Cas’ shaft and starts to stroke up and down the length and it scrambles Cas’ brains even further. He struggles to breathe as he gets closer to the edge, losing his ability to hold on.
After a few seconds, he clears his throat, closing the suitcase lid and locking it shut. He pushes the money away from him like he doesn’t want it anymore. He does, of course, but he can’t take the money until the transaction is complete.
His dreams are all so vivid, he can feel the cottony wisps against his skin, can feel the cloud squeezing around his dick... He can’t help himself. It’s all so deeply familiar that he just starts peeing.
Cas can’t stop himself from pushing back against each thrust. It feels so good that it hurts, aching through his body in a raw, needy kind of way. He never wants their bodies separated again. He always wants Dean inside of him.
Castiel is stretched out in the heavens, his body sprawled out across a thick, cottony, white cloud. His wings are unfurled behind him, laying across his back with the tips hanging over the edge of the clouds.
Suddenly Dean’s fingers are working their way inside of him and pressing in all the right places. Cas yelps out in pleasure, his spine bowing as he arches against Dean's chest. Dean’s wet shirt drags against his cock as he ruts against it and he can’t help himself when he cums suddenly, losing that all over Dean’s shirt too.
Cas whimpers out deeply, grabbing Dean’s hand and forcing it away as a few hot drops slip out, falling between his legs and thudding loudly against the floor right for Dean to see. Cas trembles, hunkering his shoulders as he prepares for Dean to hit him again.
“I want an angel,” Dean answers, keeping his eyes hidden like he’s ashamed to meet Crowley’s gaze. It just makes Crowley smirk deeper. Perhaps this is Dean’s first time summoning and speaking with a demon?
After about a minute Cas lets out a little sigh and Dean feels his body relax like he’s totally relieved. He pulls away from Dean, looking up at the man innocently. Their eyes lock together in a stare and Dean can’t help but lean forward to steal a kiss.
His mind bends in two when Dean starts rubbing at his rim while he pisses. It fills Cas up with a strange cocktail of contentment and arousal as the two completely different types of bodily pleasures intertwine. He gasps loudly, his cock twitching as he drains.
Dean lets out a heavy sigh, his shoulders sinking. His pet is clearly angry with him, and to top it all off, now his dinner is burnt. He pulls out his phone and orders takeout before going to grab the mop.
Cas gasps loudly, his body locking up and spilling over into Dean’s hand as he milks his cock for everything he’s worth.
It never once occurs to him to stop. Instead, he just shivers with relief. His bladder feels like a rock against his lower belly, stretched and filled to capacity after holding it all night long. Finally letting it out is bringing him nothing but pure, blissful relief.
A few hot drips of piss slide into his underwear, making warmth spread between his legs. Cas hisses, dancing in place and crosses his legs tightly until it stops. His eyes find the small houseplant that Dean has near the window and he contemplates leaking into the plant. It’s already grown a little bit from Cas constantly watering it whenever Dean isn’t looking.
Cas squints at him for a few long moments, but Dean never looks up. Apparently, he just wants Cas in the same room as him.
As Cas slowly passes out, he vows to himself that he will find some way to piss into the toilet without Dean knowing.
Castiel is a stormcloud angel, built for filling clouds and sleeping... He has no chance of winning in a fight! He’s falling through the sky, headed right for his Father’s creation at top speed!
The pain in his groin is all he can think about, all he can process. He stares at Dean innocently, trying to convince him with just his eyes to let him use the toilet.
He waits for Dean outside the bathroom door, hovers close when Dean goes to the kitchen to cook himself some dinner and even sits down at the table, watching Dean while he eats.
Cas lets out a deep whine, wriggling around as much as he can. He feels Crowley’s hands tighten on his hips, trying to hold him still. He needs a raincloud to release into
He sinks further into the red, shag carpet beneath him, feeling the fabric rub against his knees and all down his legs. The softness is familiar and comforting and Cas wants to sink into it, just like he would a cloud.
It’s not like Cas can go anywhere, the heavy chains on his back are enough to keep him grounded while a wave of dizziness runs through him.
He hasn’t hit Cas since his very first accident, now he seems to encourage Cas to leave puddles all over the house. Maybe he’s changed his mind? Maybe it doesn’t make him mad? Maybe this was what he wanted Cas to do?
Cas starts gasping again, walking to the bedroom to keep from hyperventilating. The balcony door is still open with the sheets that he set out earlier are flapping in the wind. He walks outside to grab them and carries them back into the house, desperate to keep his mind occupied. He is thinking way too much. Dean will come back. He just... has to.
“He hasn’t let me touch him in a week, every time I try, he... uh, runs away,” Dean says, his voice bitter.
Cas starts thrashing against the bag that holds him. Anxiety runs through his veins. He can hardly breathe, hardly think. He’s about to suffocate. He needs out!
“I don’t know, Sam, I’m pretty sure he hates me,” Dean says, sighing into his cellphone. He’s sitting at the kitchen table, drumming his fingers against the wooden table-top while he pouts.
Also, you likely remember that I had Chapter 7 written as part one, this is technically part two but I decided to just leave them as individual chapters lol, sorry for the change. Enjoy the story and please leave a comment! Thanks everyone!
Finally, Cas lets out a little whimper and nods his head, answering Dean as he squeezes his eyes shut.
Dean touches Cas’ chin, staring deeply into his eyes before he slowly places each kiss. It’s like he’s handpicking each spot before pressing his lips there, just to drive Cas completely crazy. And it’s working too, Cas’ entire body is waking up in ways he’s never even known were possible.
https://mtfproductions.com/more-than-friends/2020/11/18/the-podcast-w-benefits-episode-2-is-available-now
Dean chuckles when Cas shivers with relief. He’s been going so long now that he’s almost bored with it, waiting ages for his stream to come to an end. Maybe he should try and stop now, but he didn’t have any fight left in him, his muscles are too tired, and with Dean rubbing his hand slowly up and down his back Cas doesn’t want to stop until he's completely finished.
Apple Podcasts Link: https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/the-podcast-w-benefits/id1539335149?i=1000499247683
His body is achy and needy. He should’ve used the comforter after he soaked it earlier, but he had been so nervous that he didn’t go through with it. Now, he’s been backed up for so long that he’s starving for attention and Dean is the only place where he knows he can get relief.
The ground is hard beneath him, but it’s not the stone floors of Hell... There are no voices screaming, no torment... Where is he?
His once pure, white wings are now an inky black; completely scorched. His beautiful, white feathers... Gone. Blackened by the flames of Hell. His left wing is bleeding and ripped right through, grace that has leaked out is now shining around the wound.
He tries to plead, his breath shaking with need. If only he could say the words. If only he could yell out for more.
Cas thinks for a minute, trying to figure it out. Every now and then Dean will leave and then return with several plastic bags filled with food. Maybe that’s where he went?
Several scenarios run through Dean’s head as he pulls into his usual parking place, turning off his car. He can’t help but try to predict what he’s about to walk into, he needs to be mentally prepared for disaster... He’s sure that the apartment will be a mess, everything turned upside-down with little puddles spread out all over the place...
“God, I missed you,” Dean admits, his body sagging as if the confession was weighing him down and just saying it has lifted the weight from him. He stares down into Castiel’s vibrant blue eyes and wishes he never had to return to work again.
Dean moves closer, wrapping himself around Cas’ backside and quickly moving him away from the couch. He leans over Cas’ shoulder, watching as he rubs his hand slowly over the hard bulge of Cas’ bladder. Castiel cries out at the touch, crumbling back against Dean behind him. The added pressure is maddening, making him squirm and whimper as holding back becomes that much harder.
He moans gently every few seconds, euphoria filling his body as he’s finally able to let go. He can feel his bladder deflating and he ruts into the sodden comforter, burying his face in the pillow beneath his head as he just lets it come.
It drives Dean crazy the way Cas’ piss runs right through his jeans, soaking his cock and thighs like there’s nothing there in the first place. The wet heat of it is enveloping him, drops of it sliding down his length. He can't help but lean his head back against the couch cushion, moaning toward the ceiling.
Cas turns to look at Dean with a dreamy expression on his face, clearly pleased with himself for finally getting to piss in the toilet. His hands are against his chest, sliding across his skin as he allows his cock to just hang there, pissing freely as it sprays into the bowl. His stream is heavy and loud as it falls into the water and he sighs out in bliss.
Cas’ body erupts with shivers. Dean is on top of him, cradling him in his arms. His cock is still within Cas, moving against his oversensitive insides. Dean’s kissing at his neck, chest, and collarbone. Sucking and leaving little bites behind. Cas is paralyzed, all he can do is lie there uselessly, trying to catch his breath as Dean bathes him in affection.
The sound seems to tickle against his eardrum for a few seconds before he realizes just who it is producing that sound. He jolts awake, throwing back the blankets and then bolting to the only bathroom in his tiny apartment.
Deep down he already knows though; he’s been rejecting Dean for weeks! And after the way he shoved him away this morning, it was no wonder he left.
Cas relaxes back down into the cloud, spreading his legs once more. With a slow shudder, he’s pissing, filling the cloud once again. Everything quickly warms back up, engulfing Cas in sensual heat. He’s so relaxed he can barely keep his eyes open.
Cas sinks back against his heels, sighing in bliss. He spreads his legs wide open, letting the piss race out of him, coming just as hard and as fast as it can.
Several short dribbles fall between his legs. There’s a smothering heat growing between his thighs, spreading hot and heavy across his toga. He leaks against the floor in short bursts, piss falling to the carpet below him.
Within seconds, Cas is cumming into the rain cloud, gasping out in pure bliss. The storm that he has created has blessed him, giving him a little reward for doing his job.
What has Cas done? He must have angered his Heavenly Father somehow in order to be punished like this. He had always been so diligent at his job, loving his work and never once stepping out of line... What has he done to deserve this?
He crumbles back into Dean’s arms, allowing Dean to fully support him while he sprays desperately into the towel. Finally, Dean lets the towel fall to the ground, so that he can watch as Cas’ stream pours out of him directly onto the floor below.
Author's Note: I originally planned to keep a weekly schedule on updating this fic, but of course life (more like work) has to get in the way :/
As a side note, I know that in the ABO verse usually the mating doesn’t need to be consensual, but since I always hated that in every story I read, I changed it for this fic. Also, an omega’s heat is going to be different as well in here which will get explored during Dean's (eventual) heat (that will take a while to happen since I'm a slow writer and didn't even manage to get to the boys' date this chapter:(
. Cas really can’t read a mood right. Actually, he’d have to read my thoughts to know that, but whatever. Let’s keep it trivial. “Sure. What’s your favorite song?”
Talking about weird reactions, Cas definitely looks mad with his “What do you mean by that?” comment said between clenched teeth, combined with his deep frown and tightened fists. So even when he’s in front of other alphas he won’t try to act different?
Then, I remember my last dilemma and feel the need to ask him. “But Cas, what would you have done if I were to refuse you?”
Only then, I completely separate from him and turn with a wave. “See you around, Garth!” Almost missing his own wave and hearing a sad “See you, Dean!”
But I don’t say anything, since I’ll end up punching him in the end, so I just take my milkshake and leave while angrily slurping from the straw.
Cas suddenly speaks out strained. “I’m so sorry, Dean! I don’t know… I hurt you… I don’t know how I hurt you, but I am so sorry… Please tell me what can I do to make it better…” I can even sense despair in his voice. When I turn around, I see him looking wrecked just from me keeping my head bowed silently for a few minutes. I can’t understand how such a stoic person can have this kind of a reaction.
His face remains passive, like this is something he heard his whole life, though it’s like I can see a flash of hurt in his eyes that he tries to keep it away from me. “Is this related to my first comment that shocked you so much, Dean?” Asshole. He needs to press that wound until it bleeds, huh?
That is until the alpha enters the room. He seems to be accompanied by another alpha and Garth. Though those two remain outside the room, with Garth telling something about leaving us alone to get to know each other. I think he said that, since I couldn’t focus well because of those
“I am also very disappointed at the way you treated Dean, someone you knew I care about. I do not plan on being your client ever again.” Cas murmurs, defeated.
I don’t plan to tell Garth about the contract I’ll have with Cas - it would be sad to give him hopes for a possible good future for me, only to possibly end up dead the next day. No, it’s enough. I shake my head while Garth is looking confused at me.
our fault for getting the house to become such a mess in the first place – also felt a little guilty for attacking Cas in my drunken stupor), I was treated more like a guest here.
. “What was the most depraved thing you ever did?” I actually start smirking even more evil than Gabriel did, though when I look at his face, he seems to get paler by the second and a horrified expression is emerging.
So many years of fighting for my freedom helped me become even stronger than a normal beta. Also, because of my physique and height - which are way bigger than the average omega - I can even pass for an alpha. Since everyone is counting on their sense of smell to determinate someone’s designation, along with the way they act, by using suppressants and the right attitude, I can easily trick anyone (did that in the past a lot – maybe a reason why I know how dominance feels like on my skin and I know the right tactics to piss them off).
to finally see me getting what I deserve. I already know that my living expenses are using your money for free, since there is no alpha crazy enough to buy me.” Not like I feel indebted to these scumbags anyway, since this is more like an omega farm which only cares about making as much money on omegas as it can. I only feel sorry for Garth since he’s wasting his time to make me feel better about this.
This makes me frown as well. “Didn’t he say that you’re the only person in the world who can understand him?”
“I see. Is this an endearing term that you have decided to use for me? Though I believe that our relationship is in a too early stage for that. But if this is a wish of yours, I have nothing else to say against it.” Now he’s babbling as fast as he can, probably not knowing how to react, while trying to wear a stoic face. Even this is
That moment, the main trash suddenly aims a punch at me. Unfortunately for him, I also have quick legs and easily avoid him, though the next time he gets up for a second round, a red-haired girl suddenly jumps in front of me with her arms stretched and her small back standing protectively in front of me.
bad feeling. “I do not care very much if you reciprocate or not. Well, it would be a nice bonus, but it is not very important to me.” He then goes to caress my collarbone.
a good boy and I always do my best so they’ll all know that. Every time some stuck-up alpha comes into my room, I make sure to piss that bastard off and make him leave with his tail behind his legs. That’s quite satisfying. Though they sometimes react like the assholes they are and try to hit me, I do have some good escaping reflexes and also the staff from this last omega center seems to care a little bit more about omegas than my old ones.
“This is delicious!” I also hear Cas throwing praises every few moments, almost choking a few times, but still wearing an excited expression like a little kid. “It is been so long since I have last tasted something so wonderful.”
Cas only frowns in response and turns to me. “Come on, Dean, we do not need to hear the words of someone arrogant enough to think that he can fall in love with anyone he wants, while I can’t.”
We both turn our heads in his direction, while he picks two more bottles and gives Cas one. “I do not wish to take part in such kind of unhealthy habit,” Cas sighs putting the bottle on the table. “It has no benefits besides giving you a fake feeling of happiness for a little while, then getting you sick in the morning, and making me clean up all the vomit from the floor.”
Maybe it’s only me, but it seems like his eyes got clearer. “I have never been in love before, Dean, but whatever I feel for you, it is different from whatever I have ever felt for anyone else. It is the strongest feeling I have ever had. I only need to look at you and feel my heart ready to burst. But not in a bad way… a strange one… like happiness? I think this is what happiness looks like?”
At that moment, I try to completely shut off the annoying guy spouting nonsense behind us and finally notice the confused faces of some omegas and staff watching from the sidelines Gabriel’s tantrum. Alphas are usually trying to behave like cool assholes in the society, but that guy is acting like a child screaming at his parents in a store, things like ‘ignoring me again’ or ‘you’ll see my wrath soon’.
“Your name is Dean, right?” says the chicken guy, now wearing a more relaxed smile. “My name is Gabriel and I’m the brother of this brick of a guy who shines my days with his so amusing ideas.” He continues while winking at Cas. Garth was right, this guy is weird, probably just as weird as Cas, since he still doesn’t act like he’s talking to an omega. Isn’t their family supposed to be one of the richest in this country? I thought silver-spooned guys like that just step on anyone that’s not on their level and crush them under their fancy red carpet.
Cas deflates at my outburst though. “Please forgive me, Dean. I have crossed some limits now.” He looks heartbroken now.
After taking his sweet damn time on sucking and licking both of my nipples repeatedly and making my own cock disgustingly twitch inside my pants he answers. “This is not torture, Dean. This is your retribution.”
Instead of getting angry though, I feel like crying. If it wasn’t for the lump in my throat that keeps getting bigger by the seconds, I would’ve screamed at him. Screamed that he’s lying. Screamed that he shouldn’t say something like that. Screamed that I’m
? “And I can completely understand your reticence to it. So, we will sign a contract where we will agree on all of these. Even if you do not trust me, I will try to show you these months that I really mean it, Dean. I truly believe that this must be love, so during these months I also want to see if I can confirm this. Maybe it is strange to you, but to me this is very important.”
Should I feel disappointed at my disappointment? Or is my disappointment feeling disappointed in me? “What about green? Do you like it?”
But right now, I’m being locked in this small room in awaiting for the alpha. Even though it’s a small room, I do have my own sink and mirror and also a few drawers for my stuff and clothes.
I manage to regain my power a little and kick him into his stomach. But for some reason this hurts me more than it fazes him. “You… Shouldn’t you be an angel?” I manage to say between harshly breaths. “You should protect us… Take care of us… Not hurting me!”
That moment though, the door of the room where Gabriel should’ve been sleeping (no way he slept with that screaming dick here) swings open and a very angry Gabriel stomps towards the front door without looking back at us.
. I always loved the music, but since I kept going from alpha to alpha, I suffered from not being allowed the luxury of getting to listen what I want, whenever I want. And
“Stop it already!” Cas raises his voice again while massaging his temples, though he gives me a side glance as well at my ‘Not as little as you are’ whisper.
“Call your alpha! I’ll talk to him about your attitude.” She really is a pushy one. Though I’m curious about how will Cas react to this.
. I slowly open my eyes again more carefully and while I try to ignore the horrible light coming from the windows, I slowly crawl my way to a big bowl which we probably used to eat chips (don’t have any memory of it, though) and with the thought that I don’t even know where the bathroom is anyway, so no regrets, I start puking there.
“I mean, you did nothing wrong! I really mean it! I just didn’t expect you to say that, that’s all! So, don’t stop from saying it! I mean don’t stop thinking like you do. Keep it up!” I start rambling so much, that I don’t know how to stop myself, while Cas gets even more confused.
He starts a little at the sound of my voice, but he’s still not able to say anything, only opens and closes his mouth like a fish, not finding his words even now.
. I can still hear the snickers outside, but my whole body is closing up. I can’t breathe and see only darkness. I end up trembling on the ground in a fetal position. There’s no escape. This is where I finally die. And I feel like death is a sweeter way to go, than going through hours and hours of this constant purgatory.
morning and my pained groan definitely gets the message across. But still, I slowly raise my head and try to take the cup to bring it to my mouth. This is like an almost impossible mission with my jelly hands, but Cas helps me stabilize the cup enough to get a few sips for my parched throat.
Does he want us to still hold hands? Or he doesn’t want to leave me alone? “Come on, Cas.” I move out of bed first and slowly drag him up by the hand.
For some reason his whole studying over my every gesture is really grating on my nerves. Fine, Dr. Phil, if this is how you want to play, we will. “One condition, Cas.” Seeing the hope in his eyes and his face suddenly lighting up, makes me feel a little bad about what I’m about to say. “You’ll also get over your fear of touching with me.”
Unfortunately, my thoughts keep getting interrupted by that nutcase who's still shooting up his poppycock in the background. “He’s out of control! I’ve never seen an omega acting like that! You’ve taken him from the center, right? How useless could the people from there be, to not educate this savage at all?” From where does this son a bitch get so much energy to scream is beyond me. He’s the one actually acting like an ‘uneducated savage’ this moment, not me. My headache is definitely back and even Cas doesn’t seem to get any chance to say anything else back to him anymore – the poor guy just looks lost at a wall.
“So, you’re saying that you even hate your family?” It’s my turn now to tilt my head, even though I know this feeling. I also hate my mother for what she did to us and will never forgive her for abandoning us.
We finally leave the building, only to end up being enveloped in a bear hug by Garth. Though, I can see Cas giving us a sad confused face, along with Gabriel behind him cursing at me that I’m ‘stealing his darlings’.
head tilt (not adorable, stop it!), but for some strange reason, I can see a flicker of sadness in those deep eyes of his, though he changes the subject quickly. “You are the first person to ever hear cursing so much. Is this a distraction for you? Are you feeling better when you curse so much?”
I let go of his hand now. “Hey, Cas…” I still have my back turned to him while I try to speak out some words that I never thought I’ll ever use them again, especially addressed to an alpha. “Thanks… And sorry… you know… for being a dick and everything.” Damn, my whole face is definitely tomato red.
should’ve stopped me from being shocked or what? Of course, I should be used to people reading papers that describe my whole life but this is infinitely
I think he talks about something else, but I keep getting distracted by that nice ass. He always seems to dress like an office worker even at home. Those trousers and shirt are looking too nice and too uncomfortable to be worn at home, but not like I would complain out loud since he’s eye candy with them on. Wonder how would he look with them off–
Tightening his lips at my words, Cas says sadly but staring deeply into my eyes. “I am aware of the unfair law, but me signing it should be enough for them, and you signing it would be enough for me.”
. This guy is acting like he doesn’t even have an omega in front of him and he’s not an alpha. It’s like we are just Dean and…
That moment though, I can hear the door slowly opening. Actually, it’s slowly because of how heavy it is. A
“This is why you saved me? To torture me again and again?” The tears threatening to escape me now are for a different reason than my shortness of breath.
Alphas being the elite - smart, powerful and rich, betas - the normal working people, and the low of the society, omegas - slaves, used by anyone rich enough to buy us (usually alphas of course). We only have the right to live or whatever else the alpha who bought us decided on. No rights for working, driving, marrying – not even the poor girls who were unlucky enough to be born as omegas are allowed to marry even someone they had a child with and are usually used as breeding machines. A good thing of being born a male omega is the inability to make children, but even so, that doesn’t mean that perverts won’t use us as they please.
Unexpectedly, Cas frowns to him and even answers “Are you really suffering so much for a reaction from me, brother? We both know that these are not your true feelings, so please do not lie to Dean because of that.”
While I wallow in self-pity, I hear Cas grimly answering. “After I went to my room and tried to go to sleep, I was suddenly awakened by two horrible voices trying to sing K-pop songs. You both didn’t even know the lyrics, yet you still insisted on making those terrible sounds.” I cringe as well when I hear that, since even if I have no problems with my horrible singing voice and love annoying people with it, I still feel sorry for Cas going through that in the middle of night.
I’m only able to nod, but he slowly reaches for the hands still gripping my knees and lifts me enough to carry me on his back, while murmuring comforting words with a trembling voice. “Everything will be alright, Dean. You only need to relax now. I am here for you.”
This was such a fun chapter to write, especially the truth or dare game where I couldn't help myself to not mix some humor with the serious stuff there :)
. I’m definitely into trouble now, so who cares if I’ll make it even worse than that. “But the real pieces of shits, are actually all of you,” I then look at the wimps who are staring at us with mouths agape. “Cowards who are looking at this shit-show without lifting a finger. How many omegas have been attacked this way and you just stayed and
“Yea. Whatever.” I really am not in the mood to talk about this, especially not now in the morning. Actually, not ever, if possible.
lived his whole life however he wanted and is missing on something like this? “This is unacceptable, Cas. When we get back, I shall teach you the ways of music.”
“Does that mean that you’ve never been bothered by anything I did ever since we met?” I’m usually a good judger of people’s characters and could tell that he doesn’t seem the type to be able to truly hide his feelings. But I do feel the need to hear the answer from his own mouth.
He grimaces at that and ends up sighing. “I am the last person on earth who could understand him– actually understand anyone around me.”
“Oh, no, Dean. I only need your company. That is all. Whether you will wish for anything else or not, will be at your choice. You do not even need to sleep with me in the same bed. You will have your own room and own privacy. Though I do expect for you to reserve some time for me as well everyday, as to know each other better and have no regrets.”
“NO! I will not listen to this ever again!” Gabriel shouts, getting a big mouthful of beer after quickly opening it.
that important and bringing the weak down? That’s loser talk, which you already are, you little shit. Standing in your knees in front of me. Who’s the bitch now,
? Why would Gabriel look like that? Did I misjudge Cas? Isn’t he going to talk about being sorry for not saving an abandoned kitten on the road or something?
So, I answer. “Is this how an alpha is supposed to act, Castiel? As a friendly information, normal alphas usually come here either to take me to the ‘fucking’ room or show their big fucking alpha pride.”
. I need to focus. In front of me is a spoiled stuck-up alpha who grew up surrounded by people who kissed the ground he stepped on ever since birth. A sadistic bastard who’s only here to try to tame me and use me.
as she always does,” For some reason going on a date with her boss seems normal to Cas, but meeting me
It looks like this is the perfect thing to say, since the very next moment Cas tries to copy my moves, while looking like a very worn-out Robocop doing his last movements before his battery finally dies. That trench coat is definitely
omega for a life of complete freedom. Fuck yes, I’m in it! Though, I try to let my excitement die down since I know that there must be a trick. Who knows what kind of kinky activities is this guy into?
. When I got caught, I lost everything – not only dad’s last gifts to me but also his most precious possessions.
, even if I was pretty smashed in those moments. When I used to live alone with my dad, whenever he had to leave for longer periods of time, I used suppressants to be able to drink in bars and make-out with people. But I’m completely sure that I’ve never met someone like Cas before, since I’d definitely taken him
being, with human needs. Even if he usually acts like a robot and sometimes blushes like a virgin. And he also said that he
Unexpectedly, Cas has his own avoidance techniques. “I never expected Charlie to look into you. I only asked a more experienced colleague some advices and it seems like she eavesdropped on our conversation.” So, Cas
Cas looks at him with mild annoyance and retorts “I have no idea what ‘amusing ideas’ you’re talking about, especially when you always used to call me ‘no fun’.” While repeatedly bending two fingers of both of his hands in V signs during his speech. What does that even mean? Not only it looks weird, but also so childish for an alpha.
“He’s a Novak.” Says Garth, seeing that this is just another day of me ignoring him and staying in the little world inside my head. I use to do that a lot. Garth uses to say that it’s a coping mechanism after a life of meeting so many abusive alphas and being at the end of their sadistic punishments.
Stop it, Dean. Don’t remember about what you did last night. About imagining those blue eyes watching as I dragged my palm slowly up and down and coming embarrassingly fast–
“You bitch!” All of them scream into my face all kinds of insults, but I still kick and punch at everything I reach to.
I slowly try to get up from the bed. Strangely, I don’t have it my heart to release Cas’s hand yet, since it gives me a sort of strange sense of safety, but at that moment I feel his hand tightening, along with sounds of pained grumbling from him.
‘There is still some food from yesterday in the fridge, but if you wish for something else, you can use my credit card to buy anything you need.’ This guy must really swim in money to let a stranger use his credit card, though at the same time he also feels like a momma hen that seems to enjoy treating me like its chicken ever since I got here. He even cooked yesterday and didn’t even ask for my help. Normally omegas should deal with all the house work, but besides the cleaning up that I did with Gabriel (that
“Stop it already!” Two hands go to the back of my thighs and raise them towards my torso as he goes down to suck on each of my balls, only to stop at my hole and give a swipe of tongue there. “F-fuck! I swear that I’ll fucking kill you even if it’s the last thing I’ll ever do!” I keep cursing, even though it falls on deaf ears. His tongue then goes to stab back and forth into my hole. I’ve never been touched there and it brings new nauseous shivers down my spine.
To say that Cas is stupefied is an understatement. I’m not sure how long he’s been there for, but in my dancing frenzy, it could’ve been a very long time.
After paying as well, Karen follows me out of the store and I get to call Cas. “Hello, Dean. Did something happen?”
Cas responds while tilting his head. “I noticed that you have been referring to Dick in some really strange ways, but if they are jokes, should they not be funny?”
Not being able to take it anymore, I suddenly stop and scream in his face. “I fucking loathe it! It not only looks idiotic, but whenever I try to check your stupid
“This bad boy broke many noses at its life. It will take a lot from you to actually make me feel something.” I wink at him, with no hope for him to get my allusions and raise my hand to him.
Unlike the first time I was with Cas outside, I use the collar this time. Usually when an omega is wearing one, the people avoid getting in trouble with them, since they’re already the property of an alpha; even though there probably shouldn’t be many unmated omegas walking around on their own.
“That’s so weird, man! Are you sure he’s not faking it or something?” Garth says as a matter of fact.
Hopefully you'll enjoy it as much as I'm enjoying writing it and you'll feel the love that I'm putting into it.
Right as he turns around to leave, I shout at him. “Hey, Cas!” Only for him to completely freeze that moment. Usually, it would be a funny sight, but now it’s just heartbreaking. “Truth! I choose truth. So, ask me what you need to know.” This is probably the reason he was so interested to play this in the first place.
He then continues, shuddering and grimacing. “I went to stop you, but then you both jumped and pinned me to the ground,”
“Hmm.” Garth continues pensively. “Maybe he is, you know. Just as there are cheeky omegas like you, there definitely must be nice alphas as well.”
“Oh– No, I will turn it off…. It is okay now.” He hurries to do just that and gets into bed on the furthest side of it. We’re laying so far from each other that I don’t even sense that little warmness I felt while we sat on the couch. “Good night, Dean. Thank you.”
“It is just a physical reaction of mine, Dean. Not your fault. It happens whenever I try to touch anyone.” Even his voice is trembling now as we make our way to the room. He’s also starting to sweat a little. First time I’ve ever seen this happening to an alpha.
“How the hell do you know my name?” Not like all the demons probably know me already, but I must get as much information as I can.
Unlike Cas, she seems to catch my reference and happily laughs at it, but her response is unexpected. “You’re living with one, right now.”
to him this moment. Like every word that I’m going to say is the only thing that will matter to him.
“I don’t know how much freedom you’re going to have, but if you want to talk, or even if you need help, please call me! I’ll probably only be able to get you back here, but even if it’s not the best alternative, here is definitely safer than being alone with a dangerous guy.” His voice is trembling and he seems two seconds away from crying. Only when I take the paper and mutter a ‘thank you’ with the beginning of a happy smile, he assaults me with his specific bear hug. Why is everyone so chummy towards me today? After he finally releases me (I might have returned the hug, just a little), he turns around while wiping his face and heads for the door. “Those guys are probably at the director’s office by now, signing the release contract. I’ll lead them back while you get ready.” He says before leaving the room.
“Lady, you’re just wasting more time like this. I ain’t moving anywhere.” I say nonchalantly while giving my groceries to the cashier. He does give me some scared looks, but he starts scanning them.
Cas notices my discomfort too and offers “Would you like to sleep in the downstairs room? The bed is not as comfortable as in your own room, but it seems like you will not be able to get upstairs easily and it is also a better choice than the couch.”
He seems out of breath and deep tremors are running through his body – though I can’t be sure if they’re his or mine – still he keeps trying to talk to me and his deep soothing voice, the gentle rocking, his calming scent and his warm broad back end up to slowly lull me into a light sleep. The next moment I realize that Cas is slowly detaching me from his back and gently lowering me into the passenger seat, feeling the seatbelt being buckled around me.
Cas frowns confusedly at Gabriel, only to end up sighing and taking Gabriel’s bottle from his hand. “Brother, do not get drunk yet, we just started the game,” Then turns with a serious expression to me. “Please do not listen to my brother, Dean, I will never do anything that you do not want me to.”
“Are you talking to me, Dean?” Cas is finally answering, after seeing that I’m too far away in my happy pie place to elaborate on my feathers comment. Also, his puzzled face trying to understand my words was too funny to interrupt him.
Cas interrupts my thoughts then, continuing about Gabriel. “I have no idea what he is thinking, but he cares a lot about the people around him… I think?” Cas starts frowning then, seeming a little taken aback himself about what he just said.
I answer amused. “Didn’t you say that you’re gonna get more powerful than those big bad alphas? You’re already getting beaten up by a little girl?”
“Where did you hide them this time, brother?” suddenly asks Cas, while unpacking our shopping bags on the counter.
His pace is becoming brutal now, and I can no longer keep the anguished moans from coming out. He’s also stroking my very hard cock and I feel like I’m about to cry, since I’m a few moments away from actually coming from this. I now realize that the tears have been rolling down my face for a while now, but the moment I come, I start sobbing loudly. Everything is too much, especially since he keeps thrusting inside even though I start to feel over-sensitive there.
“I don’t see any angel here, besides you, don’t I?” I keep up my teasing, observing his increasing bewilderment by the second. Only for his face to suddenly blush a little and finding a space on the wall to talk to.
He finishes his speech mechanically but there is a sense of passion in it. Maybe this guy is really crazy enough to have weird thoughts like these? Well, it’s not like I have something to lose. I either stay here locked and bored until some stupid alpha takes me with him and I’ll end up killed one of those days anyway, or go with this idiot and have a chance at freedom. Not sure how real would that contract be, but at least he had the weird decency to ask for my opinion.
He finally removes the pillow from his face. “I want to try to step out of my comfort zone. I feel like I am not making any progress and I want to become a person that you can count on.” His face twists in pain. “Not one that cannot even stop people from trying to harm you.”
