Steve carried Tony to the living area and set him down to lie across the couch. Tony made a noise of displeasure when Steve pulled away again, but Steve crouched down beside him and pushed his hair away from his forehead. Tony couldn't help the way his heart fluttered as Steve smiled at him.
Looking down at the page, he found that hours had passed, and he had written several pages, explaining how multiple societies that he had never even heard of managed to successfully adapt communism (or at least, a governing style similar enough to Terran communism.) Reading it all back, Charles found himself lost in thought. He took all the information he'd been given and translated it all into his own ideas and thoughts about how American society was set up and how communism could fit into it. A few of his thoughts he scribbled down on a fresh piece of paper before he had his breakthrough: religion was never the enemy, religion was the answer. What was the best way to introduce Marxism to American society? That would be to infiltrate the church.
"I know," Steve said. "It's not forever – past or future – it just…"
"Have they tried?"
"You need to eat," Steve stressed.
"And what do you know?" Natasha asked.
"What," he heard the second voice said. It was lower than the first. "You afraid that he's going to Hulk out?"
"Alright, Sir," JARVIS responded. "Would you like me to save those search results?" Tony paused for a moment as he reached to open the door.
"At ease, Captain," Fury said as he saw Carol's raised fist. "We come in peace." Carol lowered her fist and let out a breath of relief.
"I still want to leave." She didn't see much point in staying after all. She had already humiliated herself and changed into street clothes. Plus, Tony – the person she was there to personally assist – had already walked out. There was nothing to stop her from doing the same. Bruce seemed to realize all of this and didn't try to argue with her.
As for Steve, Tony, and Bruce, well, they had their work cut out for them. The tower was wrecked to the point where it was barely habitable, New York was left in ruins, and they all had to deal with the fact that the universe was a lot larger than they ever could have imagined. However, the three of them were still dedicated to at least cleaning up the mess they created, if not outright fix it, so at least they had a starting point. With Steve leading the way on his motorcycle, Tony and Bruce followed closely behind in Tony's sportscar, cutting their way through the empty city streets to their destination.
she thought to herself.
"What do you mean?" he asked. "I'm talking to you about it right now."
"You've done your research," he observed.
Steve looked down at the sleeping man in his arms and pressed a kiss to his forehead. Again, Tony muttered something but didn't otherwise stir as Steve reluctantly slipped out of the space beside him. He followed Natasha out the door and gently shut it behind him. He quickly spotted Bruce, Lara, and Clint already sitting in the living area. He raised his eyebrows.
"Like Long Island, Virginia or Long Island, Maryland?"
"I think that's called 'Cabin Fever,'" Tony said.
"Tony," Peggy said. "Depending on what it is, I can't say I won't tell your mother and father. If it's something that puts you in danger…"
"Dr. Banner is only here to track the Cube," Fury said as he stepped into the room. "I was hoping you might join him."
Remember kids to stick around for the post-credits scenes!
"How much?" The concierge smiled.
"How so?" Steve looked down.
Steve's eyes went wide. He watched as Tony clearly struggled to get out of the officer's grip, but they were unrelenting. They carried him out of shot through the front doors. They were only gone for a few seconds before they became visible again. However, it was only the officer's backs that were visible as it appeared, they were stopping someone (presumably Tony) from trying to re-enter the building. After a few moments, they fully re-entered the building without Tony.
"No," Tony said. "Why?"
"It was only me," Sharpton said a little too quickly. Natasha pulled one of her knives from its concealed holster and slammed it down flat on the table. Sharpton jumped, but Nat gave no explanation. She just continued to bore her gaze into Sharpton's fearful eyes. "What is wrong with you?" she eventually gasped out.
"I don't know," he admitted. "I… I don't know."
"Yes, you are," Lara said. "We're going to get you some Tylenol, get you some water, get you to bed, get to the hotel, and get some food in you." She narrowed her eyes at her own wording. "Alright, probably not in that order, but still, we're doing all those things." Again, Lara grabbed him by the wrist and started pulling him towards the exit. Tony did more to resist her this time.
Well, if this is actually getting uploaded, that means I'm still alive and no one came to murder me for the language I used in that last chapter. I'm sorry about that. I spend way too much time on Tumblr and I was afraid that the language police might come after me for using the r-word (and maybe the q-word. I'm still confused as to whether or not that's okay to say.)
to hurt this woman. Steve looked to Hill to gauge her reaction. She didn't look concerned as far as he could tell, so he decided to trust her judgment.
Pepper huffed in aggravation, turned and left the room. She couldn't believe this and honestly had to wonder whether Tony had an actual death wish. As she walked down the hall, looking for a nurse she could notify of Tony's sudden disappearance, she heard Lara call out "I'm not fired, am I?"
"And obviously she's moved on," she pointed out.
Nina collapsed to the ground in a fit of horrifying sobs. Never in her life had she experienced such pain and probably never would again. All she could do was sit, scream, and cry for her loss.
"You sure you can do this?" he asked.
"Of course, it's deliberate sabotage," Tony said. "Why else would someone disparage me or the company like that?"
Clint looked up at her and was utterly taken aback by how defeated she looked. It was so unlike her. He started to question how that would even be possible when his thoughts brought him back to the conversation, they had just days before. She had confessed that she was afraid of losing him just like they lost Coulson and honestly that little reminder was just what he needed to see the error in his judgment. Not caring about his personal safety put not only Natasha in danger of losing him but Laura and the kids as well. He would be damned if he allowed that to come to pass.
Letting go of a very pained breath, Tony finally found it in him to turn and look at Steve. His blond hair was a mess and his blue eyes were bearing into him with a look of concern. Slowly trailing his eyes down to Steve's bare chest. There he could see a red mark forming in the shape of a hand. Oops.
"I'm listening," was the only prompting Thanos gave. Loki took a deep breath and tried to keep his voice as steady as possible as he explained.
"So, naked guy with anger issues?" Lara looked Bruce up and down as if assessing him. "Eh, I've been to San Diego. Nothing I can't handle."
"I just want to know what you know about the Kree and how you know it," she said. "Nothing more, nothing less."
Tony shut his eyes as he heard the car's ignition turn over and rested his head on Steve's shoulder. He felt the car move in reverse for a moment before turning around. He could hear Pepper striking up a conversation with the others; asking how the flight was and the like. Happy had the radio on, albeit at a low volume. Softly, he could make out the tune of "Dream On." Tony took a moment to appreciate the song before he found himself being lulled to sleep.
"Yes," Tony confirmed.
, I thought, and I didn't even qualify."
"I'm fine," he assured. "Everything's working fine. I'm just being melodramatic." Pepper put a hand on her chest and let out a breath of relief.
"Someone has to," Lara said.
"That's because I know you, Clint," Natasha said. "They don't." Clint looked down.
"No," Tony said. "Did my mom send you up here?"
Glancing out the window at the passing cityscape, Tony tried to mentally prepare himself for the onslaught that was to come. Once again, that was difficult given an agonizing migraine he was battling. He wasn't entirely sure what had brought it on, just that at some point his head started pounding and he hadn't been able to shake it. He had tried everything; aspirin, coffee, sleep, alcohol, ice, massaging pressure points, letting the blood rush to his head, more alcohol, Advil, reverse psychology, the placebo effect, Bloody Marys, etc. None of it had worked.
However, they were still vocal about their worries and skepticism towards the Avengers. Who were these people? Who was in charge? Was this solely a S.H.I.E.L.D. project or would Stark Industries be getting involved in this, too? All these questions were valid, and Tony was working on answering them as best he could. He had to admit that he did not know all the answers, but he did know what he wanted. He was just stuck in the process of solidifying those wants into real answers.
"You're not going to lose me," Tony assured. "Even if I have AIDS, it's not the end. I mean, it's possible to live for a long time with the disease now. Just look at Magic Johnson. He's had AIDS for twenty years and he's still alive."
After that fourth round of vomiting, Tony didn't throw up for the rest of the flight. Steve helped him back to his seat, and he went back to rest until the announcement came over the speakers that they were making their descent into New York. He couldn't have been more relieved.
"Yeah," Tony said. "Divide and conquer is great, but he knows he has to take us out to win, right? That's what he wants. He wants to beat us, he wants to be seen doing it. He wants an audience."
a real relationship?"
Alright, so we're in fall now, and that means how much longer until the end of the year?
"This." Lara pressed a button on the elevator's control panel and within seconds a high-pitched noise filled the space. Steve covered his ears and squeezed his eyes shut. This was one of those times where he hated his enhanced hearing.
"Steve, look at me." She waited for him to make eye-contact. When he continued to stare at the wall beside them, she shook his shoulder. "That's not a request. Look at me." Steve turned his head and looked her in the eye. His eyes were red and glassy with sickness, making the blue of his irises stand out even more. "Listen, I'm sorry you overheard that conversation. That wasn't something we wanted you kids to hear. That's why we sent you outside, but you must understand something; that wasn't a regular hospital I was working at, it was an asylum. Do know what that is?" Steve shook his head no. "An asylum is a place where they send people who have something wrong with their heads and need other people to take care of them. Lunatics, schizophrenics, the retarded, queers… They're sent there to keep them from hurting themselves or others. All of the people there are sick and they're not going to get better."
"I wouldn't let you stop it," Tony said.
"The Avengers are going to be funded by SI," Tony said. "We need someone to represent the company and who better to do that than the greatest CEO of all time?" Pepper barely batted an eyelash.
"Are you sure you want me to sleep with you?" Steve would have flushed at the phrasing if he hadn't ascertained to himself that they were speaking on purely platonic terms.
Tony was careful to open the door as quietly as possible and only allowed it to open far enough so that way he could squeeze through without the light from outside rousing Steve. Once inside, he shut it again and slowly started padding over to the edge of the bed that Steve was facing. Getting down on his knees, Tony was face-to-face with his sleeping boyfriend. Steve's face was so serene when he slept. It was like all ninety-three years of his life melted off his face. He was so beautiful that Tony could kiss him.
“You're worth it,” whispers Steve, catching Tony's lips in a softer, gentler kiss. “I better go, I don't think I got enough willpower to be capable of not touchin’ ya again.”
“To tell you that you’re a dick.”
“Hey there, Mr St ー uh, Parker. How are ya tonight?”
Steve.”
“What do you mean?”
“Am I going to regret agreeing?”
When Steve was seven (
“Steve? You okay in there?”
“What did you do, Barton?”
“I can’t have kids. I’m not saying I’m not physically able to,” he amends when Steve opens his mouth to question it. “Last time I checked, I had the swimmers. But Steve, I’m not… I’m not the person you should have kids with. I work way too much, I drink too much. I go out and get myself shot and beat up while in a glorified tin can on a semi-regular basis. I own a multinational company which means that not only am I always gone – I mean, seriously, this is the second time we’ve had sex in over three weeks – but I’m also targeted for abduction or assassination, which means people I love are also targets. It’s bad enough that you and Pepper are my biggest weaknesses. I can’t do that to a kid.”
“C’mon, sit up, turn around, like that.”
“No, it had nothing to do with what we talked about. I promise.”
Steve flushes furiously, fumbling for the door handle. Tony's laughter, thankfully, isn't malicious or mocking, just amused. The car passes multiple diners and restaurants, but Tony doesn't appear to even glance at any of them as they travel in stop-and-go traffic. The silence between the adults would be awkward if not for Peter's excited chatter; he talks animatedly about Optimus Prime and the rest of the Transformers, the kind of dog he wants ("One who can play with me and love me, and I can love it, and it can even sleep in my bed!"), his pre-kindergarten class and all the things he's learning, and even what he liked about the shows he watched while in Steve's care. Tony's brow furrows when his son mentions "Chief G'espie" and "Dibbs", and Steve makes a note to explain further at a later time.
quite as well, and even Clint's noticed.
“'Kay.”
“The text?”
“Okay, thanks, Tony. Tell Pepper I said hello, please.”
Steve can't stop staring as Tony watches the coffee drip down from the filter, the rich scent of coffee beans filling the air as it pools and fills the carafe.
“You're attached. 'S’not a bad thing, not at all, so don't look at me like that. It's just the truth, is all. From what I hear, he's a good kid, of course you're attached.”
“Yeah, after they got me settled in, the cafeteria sent a tray up. It didn’t last long.”
“I’m glad you’re still alive. Now get a move on. You have a date with Medical.”
“That's my business.” Steve flashes a smirk but gives in, replying with, “Fell asleep 'bout two or so.”
Steve looks nervous throughout the entire lunch; Tony knows his partner is terrified of the truth being figured out, that someone will let slip that things aren’t what they seem, but Pepper and Tony have both had years of experience when it comes to swaying public perception, and Loki is literally the God of Lies and Mischief, and Steve is determined for things to go according to plan. So the risk of this being seen as anything other than a meal between two superheroes, a CEO, and a young woman is small, almost nonexistent.
Peter grins toothily up at him when Steve pulls the door open. “Hi! Today's the cookout, are you excited, because I am, I get to meet your friends and eat lots of food!”
“He and I already had this talk, so let’s skip it, okay? Let’s just go off the assumption that I want what he wants.”
“Har-harder, please,” he begs, heat flaring in his cheeks at the pleading. “Please, Tony,
“With all due respect, Mr Parker, no, you really don't. There… There are things coming that no one person can handle, let alone a teenager who makes his webbing in the drawer of a chem lab table.”
Steve sits on the bed with a leather-bound book open on his lap. In his hands is a faded photograph, the edges ragged with age. Tony sighs silently before padding across the room. Steve doesn’t bother looking up as Tony climbs onto the bed. James Buchanan Barnes smirks up from the sepia-tinted picture.
Steve yawns. “Maybe? I guess he did seem a bit happier than expected when Nat got the call from the cops. I just figured he was relieved that she – Oh, no. Oh, no, no, no, no.”
“Find Bucky, yeah, I got that. But what, you didn’t think I deserved to have you tell me to my face that your precious Bucky killed my parents?”
“Hi, I’m here to pick up Peter.”
“I don’t think that. Not any more,” he amends at Tony’s derisive snort, lets out a sheepish chuckle. “I think you see problems before the rest of us and look for solutions where you can. I meant what I said in that letter, Tony. I didn’t give you enough credit. But…”
Steve allows himself to get lost in his own work for his comic, so deeply in the zone that he doesn’t notice exactly when Peter falls silent. He’s just finished the rough draft of the newest character and is moving to show the kid, stopping instantly when he sees Peter sprawled across the living room floor. Feeling like a creeper, he snaps a quick photo (just to show Peter’s father, of course) before rising to his feet. He gently picks up the child, moving slowly and gingerly in order to not wake him up, and lays him down on the couch. After tucking Piggly securely under Peter’s arm, Steve drapes a throw blanket over the small body and unpins the paper from Peter’s sleeve.
“Exactly.” Sam pulls his buzzing phone from his pocket, grimacing at whatever's on the screen. “Shit, man, I gotta go. Emergency with a patient.”
Pachelbel’s
Steve’s breath hitches, and he wonders as he stares up at Tony, at his dark eyes hiding so much, how he got such an amazing, giving soulmate. Tony nods succinctly, slips his feet into his shoes, and crosses the room to step inside the waiting Iron Man suit. Steve calls his name just as the armour gets to the door.
“Just…something. I’ll show you when it’s done.”
“Yeah, is there any way you can schedule a meeting with the principal tomorrow morning for his parents? There's...somethin' they need to discuss with him.”
Tony wants to go over, mostly just to put himself between Steve and that damn woman, the one who's still touching him, but he decides not to. Tony can be mature. He can. So he merely heads for the door; he doesn't even stop by the bar for one last drink, which is…that's progress. Pausing by the door to send a quick message to Happy, he stares through the archway at the crowd gathered inside the ballroom, dancing and talking and drinking their fancy little drinks. No one seems to have noticed he's gone, and he isn't sure whether that hurts or not. His phone vibrates once in his hand, and he glances down to see Happy’s one-word message:
"And you're worried that's what might be happening to Tony right now; that they could seriously be abusing him." Steve shook his head to that statement from Rhodey.
"Clint," she said. "You're going to be alright."
Duran's hand shot out and grabbed Oswin's wrist as the other woman tried to push past her. If Oswin thought she could run away from her, she had another thing coming.
"Unfortunately, Captain, some situations require a bit more finesse."
"No," Tony said. "I've been getting them on and off for the past year. This is normal for me. I'm used to it."
Originally uploaded to FFN on 1/3/19.
"I had to be certain that you weren't somehow involved in planning the attack, Brother Duane." Salinas' voice took on a dark quality. "Now, were you?" Freeman's face scrunched in disgust.
"Caleb Subarian," she said. "He's one of our heads of R&D and he wanted to expand our area of research from over-the-counter pharmaceuticals to preventative medicines."
It was the truth. He knew if he got drunk again, he'd lose Steve. Steve hadn't said anything directly like that – neither as a statement nor a threat – but there seemed to be an unspoken understanding between them that if Tony started drinking again, Steve would leave. It was especially clear after those days Tony spent going through withdrawals. Although Steve was as careful, loving, and supportive as anyone could be when their partner was going through that, it was clear that he couldn't be put through it again. It would break him. In all honesty, though, Tony didn't think he could survive going through withdrawals again – Steve or no Steve.
"Everybody ready?" Lara asked. Tony reached into his pocket and pulled out a pair of sunglasses from his pocket. Even though it was nighttime, those camera flashes could be blinding and given his headache, he figured he best come prepared.
Carol was shocked by what she found. She could see clear parallels between the attack on New York and a series of attacks that had been happening throughout the galaxy for years. Entire planets had their populations decimated, and the attackers – a group known as the Black Order – would leave those who remained behind to deal with the devastation. Carol hadn't faced them up close, but she had seen the aftermath firsthand and read the reports made by the Nova Corps. The only difference she could see between New York and the planets that had been attacked was that they had the Avengers protecting them, and even then it was a miracle that they weren't all killed before Tony took that nuke up to space. What had come close to happening… It could have been so much worse.
"Take my advice," she said. "Do what the S.H.I.E.L.D. Agent says before you end up with a steel-toed boot stuck up your ass." Freeman gave her a sharp glare, but before he could properly respond, Pepper caught their attention by hastily hanging up her phone call. Relief was clear on her face.
"We're S.H.I.E.L.D. agents," Natasha said. "You've seen our badges. We can make it happen." The concierge looked both ways, as if he expected a car to come out of nowhere and hit him.
"I'm going to need more information before I contact Director Fury. Over."
"So, this isn't like an intervention at all," Lara said. "You can't walk away from an intervention. This is more like a… Prevention."
"It doesn't matter," Adoniram said. "As long as someone in a position of power at the company knew you were a member of our Church, we have grounds for wrongful termination – and Stark certainly fits the bill of someone in a position of power."
"I don't think…" Be rubbed his hands together and looked down at his lap. "I think… I think we all know that if I apologize, it's not going to mean anything because I'm just going to do the same thing again. I mean, I don't want to do the same thing again – this headache is enough to tell me that what I did was bad – but I know that eventually, I'm going to do it again. It's inevitable."
"Maybe," Lara said without much confidence. "But other than these unfortunate circumstances, things are going well?" Bruce furrowed his brow.
"Do you know what was taken?" Tony could see the head of security, Tobias Wallace approaching the door.
he thought. Although, deep down inside, he had known it to be true all along.
"Yeah," Clint agreed. "It'd be hell if we were stuck here alone."
"Really?" he said. "Then why were you giving Captain Danvers such a harsh third-degree? Why did you have the Hulk restrain me?" Natasha's eyes widened.
"The Bangles?" he questioned. "Really?"
"Oh please," Tony said. "I have no heartache left for Tiberius Stone."
Uploading this chapter is the last thing I have to do before I go out to the kitchen to check on the dogs. I also have a feeling this will be the last time I'll be heard from again as my sister's Great Dane will decide my foot makes a perfectly good butt-rest and never let me move ever while my mom's Chugle Terrier ignores my cries for help and goes on barking at my six-year-old neighbor who is in no way a threat to us and is just playing catch in his yard like every other six-year-old in America. I'm going insane. Send help.
"Sounds about right," he said. "Where's Tony?"
"Yup," he said. "Because now we have to think up a rational explanation for all of this." As Tony gestured to the disaster that was the conference room, Lara let out a disappointed groan.
"Thank you." Even though he accepted the flash drive, Tony planned on throwing it in the ocean once he got home. He had no doubt that S.H.I.E.L.D. had planted a virus or a Trojan horse on there to gain backdoor access to his systems. He would expect nothing less. However, that wasn't his top concern right now. "But I'm not leaving. Not until I can talk to Rogers."
Suddenly, he felt a sharp pain on his left bicep. He turned to find Lara pinching his arm. Frowning, he shook her off.
Loki could feel an ice ball forming in the pit of his stomach. Fear was creeping into every cell in his body.
"Sleep is in my best interest," Tony tried to argue.
"I was resigning because
"Hello," he said politely. Lucy handed Lara a packet.
"Yeah," Tony said. "Seriously, though, where exactly are we going? I'm not being led out to the lake like Fredo, am I?"
Steve had a feeling he was going to be saying that to himself a lot tonight.
"I understand that," Steve said. "But I also understand that as a patient, I have the right to refuse any medical test that I feel is unnecessary."
Tony tried to relax as the warm water washed over him. Steve had suggested that they take a bath, as it would serve to relax Tony more and hopefully help him get to sleep, but Tony knew that wasn't a good idea. If he submerged the Arc Reactor or even just got it a little too wet, the metal would either expand or contract painfully, depending on the temperature. It was something he tried to fix with each new version of the reactor, but thus far hadn't succeeded in accomplishing. That meant no more baths or swimming for fun. He also had to be careful when washing his chest. It was a pain, but one he could live with, especially when his boyfriend was still more than willing to join him in the shower.
"Of course," she said. "Why else would we?" Bruce ran a hand through his hair and let out a breath.
"He's right, Pep," Tony said. "Plus, I don't think the fever's the only thing we should be worrying about." Pepper relented.
"Hey," Steve said back. "I'm so glad you're okay."
"I can say the same thing," Tony said. "So why don't you just ask the first thing to come to mind?"
and just below it was a grayed watermark of a triangle being trisected by a ring.
"You're safe though, right?" Lara shrugged.
"Outside of that," Natasha said. "A professional? Like, maybe Andrew or one of the S.H.I.E.L.D. councilors?"
"So we're stuck here," Natasha said. Lara nodded in confirmation.
However, other worries still pricked at his mind and he tried to force them out; other, Steve-related worries. After all, what had he been thinking. Of course, Steve was mad at him. He'd be mad if someone outed him behind his back. (Although, he'd take being outed behind his back in private over being blackmailed and later publicly outed any day.) Well, technically he didn't do the outing, Peggy did, but still, he knew something very private about Steve that he shouldn't have known and for some reason he couldn't help but feel guilty about that. It was like he had kept a secret from him or something. That wasn't a good feeling and Tony tried to push it further and further away from him as they got closer to Malibu.
"I messed up, Carol," Jessica said. "I messed up bad."
"Where did you get them?"
"I know," he said. "I'm sorry. I just…"
Tony shut his eyes and took a deep breath in. Steve let go of his hand so he could place it on his shoulder. Tony slowly smiled as he opened his eyes again.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Alright," Steve said as he made his way towards the door.
"Stop being an ass," she commanded, thumping him on the shoulder.
"No," Clint said. "No, they won't. They'll be devastated and hurt that you didn't tell them something so serious while you were still alive."
"I don't know," she admitted. "But it has to be something, right?" Slowly, Natasha nodded in agreement.
"The Avengers are not your enemies," Carol argued. "They saved your lives!"
"We can't," Steve said. "He left his cell phone."
Sleeping an entire day away wasn't a hard thing to do when you've been awake for fifty hours. However, one might be a little hard-pressed to imagine that it would be comfortable or restful, especially when the only option you had for a bed was a solid rock floor, but Knežević made it work. By his estimate, he woke up around noon the following day and he never felt more refreshed. Although, yes, the fifty hours without sleep probably had something to do with it, but nonetheless, Knežević still felt better than he had in weeks; maybe even in months or years.
"Might I inquire as to Stark's condition?" Fury asked.
"I'm always going to worry about you, Tony," he said.
he reminded himself.
"His body temperature is low," she reported. "Brain activity is a little high, but not too far from being normal… Heartbeat is somewhat irregular but he's nowhere close to dead." Jessica let out a breath of relief and pulled her fingers away from Stark's neck.
"Still, thank you." For a second, Tony thought he saw the corners of Hill's lips rise a bit, but it must have been a trick of his imagination.
"Tony, these things are still coming."
"Why, I would be absolutely delighted to, Miss Potts." Lara frowned.
"Hey," he said. "Are you alright?"
"I've got it down," Rhodey assured. "Don't worry." Tony didn't, as knowing he wouldn't have to repeat himself helped a lot as well. "Now, what goals do you hope to accomplish through attending these sessions?" Tony then frowned, but not because he had a problem with the question.
"Seriously?" she said. "You're going to go with that?"
"Oh." Tony visibly relaxed. "Don't worry about that. Pepper wouldn't tell a soul, not with the way the media goes after me. She's probably just asking because there's a small concern with my health right now. That's all."
"Nothing." Natasha almost added an "I'm fine" to the end of that but caught herself before she became an explicit hypocrite. However, that did nothing to negate the fact that she was an implicit one, and Clint knew it.
Rhodey didn't know what the tape was when it got passed to him. One of his Air Force buddies just handed it to him, stressing that he "had to see it," and that it would "blow [his] mind." He tried to get his (as it was now apparent, not-really) friend to explain what was on the tape, but the guy insisted that he had to see it for himself. Reluctantly, Rhodey took the tape from him, thinking at worse it would be amateur porn or a bunch of shot-on-shiteo short films. That was an assumption he would come to regret.
"Wish I could say I was feeling better," he said. Natasha nodded.
"Not that hard," Salinas said. "ABC has her based out of D.C. now, but I'm sure if we make it
"Excuse me," he said when he caught up. "Which floor did you just come from?"
"No," he said. "God, no. Why would I?"
"Yup." Steve glanced at Tony to make sure his speaking hadn't roused him. Luckily, he was still asleep. "What's going on?"
"The kind that hired a bartender who has no idea how to make them," he deadpanned.
"Tony?" He ignored it. It was probably just his imagination again. He kept all his concentration on trying to look like he was paying attention to what the guy in front of him was saying.
"See you downstairs," she said as Bruce gave a quick wave and walked off down the hall. Clint started to follow him but stopped and turned back before he even reached the door.
"All set, sir," the young man said.
"Wouldn't dream of it," Steve said. "Right, Tony?"
"You're such a beautiful puppy!"
"Tell you what, Agent," Tony said. "I'll only give the files over if I can talk to Fury myself. I'm not just going to hand over the information my father purposefully safe-guarded without knowing what it's going to be used for.
"It's not the State of the Union or the whole PR mess that we're in," she said. "I'm just hesitant to put Tony on a plane when he's in the state that he's in, especially one with a bar."
"Yes," Lara said. "Unfortunately, my job doesn't go on hold just because my boss is dying. Currently, I'm getting the evil eye from Pepper's assistant because I took a non-work-related call."
"I had some reprieve," Tony said. "My mom when she was around, Jarvis, Ana, Aunt Peggy, but they couldn't always make things better."
"Sorry to disturb you, Mr. Stark," The officer said.
"The others want to talk to you." Tony opened his eyes and looked up at Steve.
"These guys come from legend," Natasha warned. "They're basically Gods."
"Yeah," Tony said. "Well, we talked about all of that and… I came to the decision to stop drinking." Tony squeezed Steve's hand hard as he said that. Steve squeezed back and ran his thumb over his knuckles, trying to convey the words "I'm here, you're safe" as best he could non-verbally. From the way Tony spoke, it was clear (at least to Steve) that he was expecting an overwhelmingly negative reaction. Instead, it seemed as though the entire room breathed a sigh of relief.
"Hasn't aired yet," Lara said. "It's not going to until Friday." Tony nodded.
"No," Clint said honestly. Stark sighed.
"Are they an actor?"
Yes, you heard me right. I have two months' worth of chapters guaranteed ready to go. I have all of the little dates that are in one way or another important to me covered. However, I should note that I'm not going to try to post in November or December because even with the pandemic, those are going to be busy times for me, so just stay tuned and hopefully I'll have a return date for you all before I have to disappear into the aether again. Apologies for the long note. It's just been a long time and I've missed posting so much! I hope you all are still enjoying this story and please comment, review, kudos, fave, and follow this story if you do!
Remember kids, stealing from a superhero is a REALLY good idea. I stole a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup from Batman's trick-or-treat bag last year and nothing bad happened to me!
Tony's stomach clenched a bit. Although, yes, he didn't know Carol all that well, the idea that he let someone untrustworthy get close to him again was a troubling one. If Natasha thought she was a threat, then they probably were. Out of all of them, Nat was the best judge of character and Tony could easily take her word as truth on such matters. As such, before she even stated her final opinion, Tony was already mentally berating himself for making the same stupid mistake
. "Stark's all the way in New York City. If we strike as fast as possible and as soon as possible, we can probably get in and out before Stark even knows what hit him."
Looking into the room, Tony could see that Fury was still talking to Steve. Although he wished that Fury would just hurry things up and let him get in there, he understood that Steve needed time to adjust to all the news he was getting hit with at once. Already Tony could tell that he wasn't taking it well. Tony couldn't help but feel guilty about that. After all, he probably didn't help things by revealing certain details before Steve was ready to hear them.
"Why?" As bad as he felt for Tony, Rhodey could have smacked him right then and there for asking such a stupid question.
"Who are you?" was the next question out of Steve's mouth. This man knew Peggy and Steve apparently knew this man's father…
"And after seeing him like that," Steve said. "It makes it hard to think that he could pull through this." Natasha nodded before biting her lip, carefully thinking about what she was going to say next.
"I'll look through it later," he assured. "Thank you." Natasha nodded.
The two CDC personnel on either side of the man who for all intents and purposes looked to be the leader of the group quickly descended upon Barton. They poked and prodded at him, likely trying to determine if he was showing any early onset signs or symptoms. Barton took it like a champ, although admittedly there seemed to be some anxiety in his voice as he answered the leader's questions. Tony would have paid more attention to what was being said if it wasn't for the sudden lurch that his stomach gave.
Quickly and quietly, Jessica padded back down the stairs. She had left the package on the fourth step from the bottom in case the opportunity arose and apparently it had. For her own safety, Jess knew she should wear gloves while handling the vial, but it would look odd to prepare a glass of water wearing gloves and it could make Salinas realize something was off. Plus, she knew she didn't have any time to look for gloves, so she would just have to take the risk.
"What are they doing?" Barton asked. "Are they protesting or something?"
"Alright," he said. "But tell Freeman to bring Steve." Salinas smiled and nodded.
"What if I told you that we are more than we perceive ourselves as; that we all have a subconscious personality constantly trying to make itself known to the world and the key to unlocking your full potential was to tap into your subconscious personality to create a stronger, better self."
"I'm serious," Steve continued. "If you don't want to talk, that's fine. I'm just glad to have you back here, safe and sound."
"Well, it was some ridiculous number," Lara said. "Twenty-five is the lowest I'd wager. I remember seeing the card and starting to bitch about greedy assholes."
"You alright?" Tony nodded.
Tony was furious. So furious that the word furious might be an understatement.
"We've been robbed." The entire world seemed to freeze around Tony for a brief second as he took in those words.
"There's a bio-hazard in the building," the security officer explained. "You need to get out now before you're exposed." Lara's eyes went wide.
Tony was thankful that he didn't add that and mentally slapped the thought away.
. I want to know if something's wrong with you so I can at least try to help you through it."
Once again, something Duran said came back to Oswin.
"Look," Dante said. "I know our marriage wasn't the best…"
"It doesn't hurt to check." Pressing both his palm and the back of his hand against Tony's forehead, Steve didn't feel anything unusual. "Well, you don't feel hot, but you certainly look it." That earned a small laugh from Tony.
"Is this a submarine?" Even as he said that he realized it didn't make sense. After all, how were they supposed to launch planes from under the surface of the water and wouldn't they clear the deck of all agents and personnel before they began their decent? At the same time, Bruce looked rightly concerned.
"Yes," Steve said instantly. "Why do you ask that?"
"Indeed, it is," Duran responded.
"Gentlemen," Natasha interrupted. "You might want to step inside in a minute." Both Steve and Bruce gave her puzzled looks. "It's gonna get a little hard to breathe." Just as she said that loud mechanical
"I'm going to the nurse's station to get a clean form. Do you need anything?"
"Oh, yeah," Clint said. "I'm doing just peachy, Stark. I mean, I'm probably going to die of a disease that has no solid cure, but other than that, everything's just wonderful." Natasha sighed.
Things lapsed into tense silence again. Steve could feel Tony's eyes on him, but Steve directed his gaze anywhere but in Tony's direction. Everything stung.
"My apologies," the God said. "I lost sight of him once the man of steel grabbed me."
"I want to go home." Tony broke Steve's grip and started walking in the direction of the limos again. Steve followed closely behind.
he thought.
"Right…" he said. "So would it be alright if I came over?"
"Good point," Bruce said. "I just hope they're not using her as a honey pot to get me to help them.
Just as Steve turned his head, Tony's eyelids started to flutter open. It was clear that he had been kneeling by his side and resting his head on the sofa cushion while Steve slept. The warm smile that Tony gave him made his heart speed up a bit.
"What the hell?" Knežević said. "What the hell are you doing?"
"Alright," he said. "I'll see you in a bit."
"This is Agent Romanoff," she said slowly in a deep, hoarse voice, but a very self-assured one none the less. "I copy." She forced herself to her feet and sprinted as fast as she could down the hall. This was the one chance to save Clint – Laura's husband, Cooper and Lila's father, her best friend – she wasn't going to let it slip by and she wasn't going to give up on him. After all, he never gave up on her.
"I'm seeing someone already," he said. "And even if I wasn't, I wouldn't be interested in her."
"I am," he said.
"No," she said. "Tony's not well. He can't go in front of the cameras like this. It would harm the public's perception of the Avengers, possibly more so than if they didn't go."
Not only would creating something like that be a massive undertaking but the revolutions that could be made in science and technology from even
Thank you to mfaerie32 on FNN for the review and FriedChickenNisha for the comments on AO3! It really means a lot!
"I have the override code," Tony dismissed. "I'll be fine."
"You already have that," Steve pointed out.
"Stane knows." Rhodey tried his best to hide his grimace.
"That's good to know," the doctor said. "So, fever and nausea. Are those the only symptoms or are there any more you'd like to discuss?"
"Suppose they could," Bruce said. "Suppose they already have all the equipment they needed to make this happen. What would stand in their way of getting access to strains of Ebola and H5N1?"
"How do you mean?" Steve asked.
As Betty took a few steps across the room, a text box had popped up on the screen of the computer she had been using. Checking it out, Bruce found it was a notification that the mass spectrometer had finished analyzing the lipstick and the options to either display the result on screen or print it out were listed below it. Bruce picked the former and a bar graph appeared onscreen. There were small amounts of the ingredients that normally made up lipstick (fish scales, dyes, etc.) but it was overwhelmingly made up of one substance. Underneath the tallest bar of all, the statistic was written:
Regardless, Steve kept a cool face and his gaze on Natasha.
"You're really just in the same place?" Tony's eyes widened, surprised that Steve was able to catch on so easily.
Meanwhile, Pepper walked in the room and greeted Rhodey with a warm hug. Tony joined into the conversation, too, feeling a bit guilty that he ignored his best friend in favor of making out with his boyfriend and making the whole room uncomfortable. Regardless, Rhodey didn't seem to mind and the three got caught up rather quickly. Eventually, though, Pepper turned to the rest of the group, pulling them into the conversation.
"I don't like any of them." Tony straightened out his clothes as he prepared to go out and face the public again. Pepper looked a little annoyed as she stepped forward to stand beside Tony and did her own final checks as well. "What can I say? I have high standards. You should know about that, right?"
Yes, Steve was finally willing to admit it. He had a crush on Tony Stark. It scared him a little, but not as much as it did before. Over the course of the past thirteen months, Steve had slowly come to accept that being LGBTQ wasn't as stigmatized in society as it had been back in the '40s. Hell, according to Tony it wasn't even as stigmatized as it was when he was growing up. Society had come along way in a very short amount of time. Well, there were still groups like the Westboro Baptist Church that took every chance they could to spread their hateful message, but they were slowly becoming the minority. Gay marriage had even been legalized in New York just a couple of months ago. He still wasn't quite ready to come out himself, but just knowing that things were getting better made him happy. Almost as happy as he felt around Tony.
Remember kids, as long as 22.3 years have passed, it's okay to joke about any tragedy.
"You don't need to," Steve assured.
Steve could not argue with that. He ate another forkful of pasta before saying, "alright, I'm all ears."
Now that Tony's had a chat with Pepper, it's time for him to talk to the Avengers about what he's decided.
"Isn't that a bit callous considering your client is missing," Bruce said. "Never mind that he's Steve's
"What?"
"Can I get some clarification on that? Over."
"Okay." Tony raised his hands to charge up the repulors and fired. The blasts were immediately blocked by a light blue iridescent shield, obviously being powered by the Tesseract. The force of the collision knocked Selvig to the floor and Tony back a few feet. From the ground, he could hear the few onlookers that hadn't yet evacuated give out gasps of surprise.
"You mean other than the Loki stuff?" Natasha sighed.
"Someone's targeting the Avengers," she said. "You know it. I know it. Steve knows it. Tony knows it. Bruce knows it. S.H.I.E.L.D. knows it. The only one who remains blissfully unaware is Thor, and that's only because you can't exactly Fed-Ex Ebola to Asgard."
"11:38." Lara grimaced.
"When did you find out about this?" Freeman asked. "Was it while the RCMP was searching for Stark?"
"Why?" There wasn't any accusation in his tone (just drowsiness) but it still served to fuel Steve's anxiety.
"We sparred and he lost," Natasha said. "Now he has to make lunch."
"He shouldn't have to do that, though," he said.
"Do you know anyone who has in the past, or is currently working at Stark Industries?" Annabeth raised an eyebrow at that.
So, I'm pretty sure it's obvious that I had writer's block when I wrote this. Well, maybe not writer's block. Maybe more like a writer's frustration? I don't know. All I feel like I did this chapter was spin my wheels and go nowhere. I got some information out to get the storyline to go forward, but otherwise, I'm still stuck in the same ditch.
"Yep," Tony said, popping the "p". He handed the bag over to Steve. "They might have gotten a little cold while I was waiting. Sorry about that."
"Yes," Tony said. "What do you want?"
"Unfortunately, yes," Dr. Smith said grimly. "We have to limit their contact with other people until we know for sure that they're not contagious."
"Excuse me," Freeman spoke up once again. "Can we keep the conversation focused on Mr. Stark?" Everhart sighed.
Right in the dead center of the envelope was a dark pink-stained impression of some woman's lips, which was odd considering the letter's return address indicated that it had come from a school. Clint hesitated a moment. He knew Laura wasn't going to like that. Despite that, he couldn't ignore the part of his brain screaming at him to "just do it," so he tried to wedge his finger between the envelope and its flap.
"Thank you," she whispered. Steve gave a small nod and Natasha let things lapse into silence. She still didn't want to be pushed to talk, so Steve let her be.
"I don't have any money on me," Clint said through a mouthful of food.
He was having a hard time focusing and getting in the artistic mindset, but once he did, Steve found it easy to lose himself in what he was doing. He was so absorbed that he didn't even notice the waitress coming up to his table.
"I assume," Tony said. "Light her up!" Pepper nodded and hit a few buttons on the console in front of her. Just then the tower's floors began to light up a handful at a time. Tony couldn't help the sense of pride swelling up when the bright blue letters spelling out "STARK" finally came to life.
He supposed that was a stupid question. Natasha said that she'd been sent to collect him, and Tony knew that's probably what happened after he passed out on the beach. It irked him. He hadn't had a chance to finish his conversation with Steve. It wouldn't have bothered him much, but he hadn't been able to explain why Peggy told him Steve was bi in the first place. It was only seven words! Seven words at the bare minimum were all that was necessary to communicate her reasoning and no matter what Peggy promised Steve back in the forties, he knew Steve would probably immediately understand and forgive her. Just seven words…
Clint did not finish that sentence before he was grabbed roughly by the shoulders and forced down, becoming pinned down to the cement floor. Clint looked behind him to see Bruce kneeling over him.
"Got it," Tony announced. Bruce put the scepter back down.
"I…" Clint utterly looked at a loss for words. Natasha took that as her cue to cut in.
"I'm sure she'll be glad to hear that," Carol smiled.
"JARVIS," he prompted. "Do you know how much alcohol he had to drink?"
So, after a few minutes of waiting, Steve got up and started to get ready for his day. A little spark of happiness flickered in his heart as he headed towards the bathroom. At least he had something to look forward to today.
Carol glared hard at the two women, assessing them both. Both looked like they'd be fairly strong, even without their powers. They were both muscular in build and their stances made it clear that they knew how to fight. Neither was going to go down easy and they had numbers on their side. That didn't mean Carol was going to give up without a fight.
"Oh my God," she said as she struggled for breath. "We just robbed Stark Industries! I can't believe it! Hey, once we've dropped this stuff off back at my place, do you want to go out and find a place to get smashed? I really need a drink right now."
"That still doesn't make it the right thing to do," Tony pointed out. "The right thing for me. Please, Steve, just tell me what you really think."
"You're still afraid that doctors will mistreat Tony because of his sexual preference?" Steve bit his lip, trying to come up with the best way to explain.
"Do it." Bruce and Betty were left blinking for a moment.
"Would you mind fetching me a glass of water?"
The discoveries of Lorraine, Audrey, and Stephanie's bodies had been a godsend to Agent Duran. After running around Los Angeles all night trying to find a connection between all these cops, judges, lawyers, and corrections officers she finally found the thread that connected it all together. Yes, it was unfortunate that these innocent women had to die for her to get this information, but it was still a lucky break.
"You represent New York?" Steve asked.
"Miss Conroy is hiding in a closet by the entrance to the south-western stairwell," JARVIS informed. "She has thus far gone undetected. Her vital signs show heightened levels of anxiety, but there is no indication that she has been critically wounded." Another relief.
"Yes, ma'am," Lara said. She started moving towards the door and Agent Morse jumped up to open it for her. As soon as she opened it, though, Freeman was revealed to be on the other side, fist raised as it appeared, he was about to knock. Morse instantly put a hand on her weapon but didn't unholster it.
She’s back in the sunroom, this time with a bottle of vodka. It’s started raining sometime between Tony coming home and now. He bypasses the chaise he sat in last time, sits on the floor beside her. She gives a quiet snort when he asks if she’s okay.
Steve chuckles quietly, stabs at a half-melted ice cube in his glass of water with his straw. “I am sorry. I knew it was an overreaction when it was happening, but, as anyone can tell you, I’m a stubborn asshole who rarely admits he’s wrong.”
There's a soft burst of static then silence. Steve waits for the length of a heartbeat before pulling the phone away.
“Night, Steve. Thank you.”
“No, baby, they didn’t. She’s still inside you, right where she belongs.”
A moan slips from Tony's lips as Steve nips at the curve of his neck, and Steve's hands slide around until they're resting on the flat of Tony's stomach. Tony melts into him, head tilting and baring his throat. Steve takes advantage, bites gently at the flesh. He can feel Tony's pulse under his lips, the rushing thump of blood through veins, and he drags his fingers across the waistband of Tony's pants. With a soft sigh, Tony twists his upper body in Steve's grip, his hand coming up to grip Steve's hair, dragging him into a filthy, demanding kiss. Steve's breath catches at the way Tony's tongue immediately fights for dominance, the way that Tony's ass is pressing against his groin, and he brings his hand to Tony's chest, fumbling with the buttons on Tony's shirt. He gets the first three undone before Tony jerks back.
Bucky pats him on the shoulder, the gesture meant to be comforting thought it’s anything but. “She’s right, Stevie. You’ve been babysitting his kid for, what is it, four months? And ya text each other pretty much daily. I don’t think I’ve ever seen you so into someone that you’re not dating, and ya sure as hell don’t allow someone to just waltz into your place unless a, it’s one of us or b, you’re in a relationship with them.”
Steve’s eyes snap open at the clatter of surgical equipment, and Mal gasps. The blade drops to the floor and goes unnoticed as she gapes in shock.
Right away, Smith was taking saliva and blood samples. Tony didn't resist or ask questions; just let her do her job. She grilled him on how he was feeling, and Tony answered honestly without any hesitation. He felt a little nauseous but was otherwise fine. He couldn't help but notice the look of relief that slowly washed over Smith's face as he told her that. It easily unnerved him.
"That's so mean," Clint complained.
"What are you talking about?" Steve took a deep breath before saying the next part.
Steve wanted to feel terrible for the thought, but he couldn't bring himself to. That woman had tried to hurt him. She had tried to hurt his friends and almost succeeded on one account. Most importantly, though, she had tried to hurt Tony. That was enough to breed enough hate in Steve's heart to even consider doing something so heinous.
"We all did," he admitted. "Our father…"
He frowned as he remembered the last of that glass of wine a few minutes ago. Oh, well. All that meant was that it was time to get some more.
"I… Have you ever felt like you're stuck in a hamster wheel?"
"I have to go. Excuse me."
"Alright, I know I should've said something about the dog," Clint said. "I'm sorry about that. If I must get rid of him, that's fine. I know a nice family with a farm who would love him. I'm more concerned about hiding him from hotel staff than whatever Tony or the rest of you might say."
"I'll admit," Peggy said. "My initial response probably wasn't the ideal one. Just hearing it was a huge shock to me and when you consider that telling me was probably one of the hardest things Steve had to do in his whole life… I just didn't know how to react. I told him I needed time to think and walked away." Tony's disbelieving expression had slowly softened as Peggy had continued to speak.
"Yes," he managed to get out. The only one who seemed to notice his pain was Steve. He let go of his hand to put his own against the small of his back.
"He's out," was the last thing Clint could remember hearing before he was pulled back into the looping nightmare.
"Of course, it is," Salinas said. "Especially since you just lost us our key to Avengers Tower." Freeman frowned.
"He's called Loki," Fury said. "He's not from around here. There's a lot we'll have to bring you up to speed on if you're in. The world has gotten even stranger than you already know."
"I tried to stop it," he explained. "I told the World Security Council that I would not authorize the use of a nuclear weapon against a civilian population, especially one as big as New York City, but the Council usurped me and ordered the strike anyway. I contacted Stark – who had already been dispatched to the city – told him the situation, and he took it upon himself to fly the missile through the wormhole created by the Tesseract, stopping the invasion in its tracks." Carol raised her eyebrows.
"Hey, you'll see that I'm right."
"Hey, you got yourself into this mess!" Knežević shouted. "I didn't hold a gun to your head and tell you to rob that place! You did it yourself! Hell, you were stealing shit long before I came across you! Something was bound to happen eventually!"
"And you had to watch?" she asked.
"I wish I never took that job in the first place," Steve's mother said. "If I had any idea it would be like this and we didn't need the money, there was no way I would have ever agreed to it."
"Thank you," he said.
deliberate sabotage."
"I don't care! I wanna go in!"
Anyways, I hope you all enjoyed this chapter and if you can, please leave a comment or review! No pressure!
"Wha?" Duran struggled to find her words. "What are you talking about? I thought Oswin was killed in the blast."
"Hey!" Lara looked up as soon as the man spoke. She noticed that he was halfway out the door and pulling a safety vest on. "What are you doing?"
"He is," Tony said. "Or at least he seems to be. I can't tell. He could be acting."
"I don't care," she said. "You can't just…"
"Yeah," he said. "Exactly."
"Have the test results come back yet?" Pepper asked.
"I hit the emergency fire button on the elevator," Lara said. "I would have given you a warning if I had known it was going to be that loud."
"Wow," Clint said. "I bet the tooth fairy gave you something nice for that."
"Oh, I insist." He squeezed even harder on her hand, making it clear he wasn't going to let it go.
"Why don't you come on up here and give it to us?" he said. "We'll make sure he gets it the next time we see him."
"And since when could you tell me what to do?" A fire was lit behind Natasha's eyes. If Steve had not called up to them from several flights down, the tension probably would have snapped in a more vicious manner.
"I was just filling out the forums," he explained. "Just got upset over nothing." Rhodey shook his head.
"That's what I was hoping for." Steve caught Tony's hand in his and held his knuckles to his lips for a long moment. Releasing Tony's hand, Steve smiled.
"What kind of a promise?" he asked.
Knežević pulled up alongside her and got out of the car. With no words spoken, he and Oswin worked quickly to get everything loaded up in under two minutes. They then got in the vehicle, leaving the cart abandoned in the parking lot.
"No," Rhodes said. "He faced away from the camera the entire time. The only reason I knew it was him was because I was with Tony that weekend. The only people who know are Happy, Pepper, and now you."
"So, you're doing this for the team?" Tony questioned.
"That's great, man," Clint immediately responded. "Congrats."
"$500." Natasha frowned.
"She's enhanced," Fury quickly explained. "Her DNA has been modified in ways we can't begin to understand."
"Stuff?" Steve questioned.
"Then I
"Wallace is dead," Lara said. "At least I think he is. They shot him. I saw it on the CCTV. There were too many of them, I couldn't handle it alone." Tony looked down at the news.
Opening the cabinet marked "K-M" Duran flipped through dozens of files before she found the one she almost knew she would find. Written in neat calligraphy at the top of the file was "Knežević, Audrey/Stephanie." It was just more confirmation that the person behind this string of peculiar murders was none other than Vasyl Knežević, the father of the two girls in the file.
Jessica felt a weight in her hidden pants pocket. She still had a device in there, but she wasn't sure if she should use it. It was only supposed to be for world-ending emergencies. Tony Stark dying constituted a world-ending emergency, right?
"Maybe you're not so terrible after all," Bruce remarked.
Adoniram was shocked. He had no idea how to respond to such an attack. That was until he remembered a specific project the Church had been working on. He realized that would be perfect. A response as old as civilization itself. The old Hammurabi Code; an eye for an eye.
"Are you okay?" he asked as he scanned Tony up and down, assessing his condition. "What happened?"
"So you talked to Tony," Rhodes answered in the affirmative. "And I take it he didn't explain what's going on."
Thank you to mfaerie32 for the review and DarkSkitty for the favorite! I'm glad to see that people are enjoying this!
"You should have left it in the ocean."
"Good to see you again, Steve," Tony said as Steve took his hand.
"Stop!" he shouted. "What is wrong with you? What the fuck makes you think that you can tell me where to go and what to do? I'm the boss of you!"
"That's wonderful news," he said. "I take it we should start preparing a statement."
"I'm fine," Tony said. "I'm not leaving."
The first time Tony woke up, the sun hadn't risen yet, but he could still see Steve's sleeping face thanks to the soft glow of the moonlight coming through the window. At first, he wasn't sure what had woken him, but it became clear when his stomach gave a violent lurch. He quickly turned to his other side and was grateful for the fact that he had brought the wastebasket over to the side of the bed a few days ago. He kept waiting for something to come up, but nothing ever did. He fell asleep internally debating whether he should try moving to the bathroom.
If anyone's wondering why I know so much about valium, it's because I have a horrible fear of needles and the only way I can get shots/IV's put in is to put me on valium. That way I'll only scream. I'll be too weak to fight back. Yeah, though, this is what basically being on valium is like. You're really tired and confused, but you'll also accept anything anyone tells you anywhere. Basically, it's like being on the Internet at three AM.
"Thank you," the doctor said before Steve turned back to the exam table Tony was lying on.
"I don't know," Lara said. "You need to do something to entertain yourself."
"And I'll make sure that note is seen by everyone and their mothers," Lara assured.
"Why not?" he asked.
"Ah," she said. "I see."
"Yes," came the instant reply. His mother covered her mouth and said something she didn't want him to hear.
"Well, that's fantastic for you," she said. "But what do you want?"
Adoniram could feel the entire world crashing down around him. This was it. He had to admit defeat. His ideas had failed. Everything he had worked for his entire life had amounted to nothing. He turned to face the river, contemplating throwing himself in it and not bothering to even try to swim when suddenly a bright blue light flashed up in the sky.
That seemed to be a recurring theme as of late. All of them were doing things that didn't make logical sense when you stepped back and looked at it objectively. Her going off on Sharpton, Clint's impulsivity, Tony struggling with his addiction, Steve's near-constant worrying… The only one of them who seemed to be relatively well-adjusted was Bruce and something had to be wrong if that were the case. Their dysfunctionality even seemed to be rubbing off on Lara who seemed to be on guard every moment of the day, despite the fact that she was successfully able to obtain a restraining order against her crazy ex. It made Fury hiding Carol from them seem almost petty by comparison. That was, until she was reminded of the sheer size and scope of the Chitauri invasion or the fact that Coulson
"Get your mind out of the gutter, Banner," Tony said. "Despite what the media might have you think, I don't sleep with everything with a pulse."
"Well, I tried to ignore the problem for months and that hurt Tony."
It hurt. Every time he looked at Pepper; every time he glanced in her general direction all Tony could think about was what she had said to him and it hurt. Did he deserve it? Yes, and he wouldn't argue about it. The thing that was supposed to be keeping him alive was killing him and there was no possible solution in sight. Rather than be honest about the whole situation, he had acted like a jerk and pushed everyone he cared about away. That wasn't the smart move to make, but he knew he couldn't live with everyone making a big fuss about this and spending his final days watching his loved ones suffer through grief. Dying – the process of – changes everything. Living changes nothing. Tony knew that; had experienced it firsthand and he couldn't put the people he cared about through that. To him, it was better to die hated and forgotten rather than loved and missed. The former was much less painful in his opinion.
"Miss Conroy," the AI said while automatically lowering the volume of the television. "I'd hate to interrupt, but an agent from S.H.I.E.L.D. is trying to gain access to Mr. Stark's private elevator." Lara's brow furrowed.
"I was attacked," Carol said. "Cornered by two women with powers. I had no choice but to fight back."
"Not you," Natasha said. "If it comes down to it, S.H.I.E.L.D. can cover the expense of our delay. If they don't want to pay for your room, you can room with me."
"Waiting on the big guy?" Steve looked up and gave her a quizzical look.
"Wait, what?" From there the comms cut off. Tony couldn't help but let out a small laugh to himself. He could only imagine what was going on in that jet right now, but he had to imagine it was some variation of the same "it's okay to be gay" speech he's given Steve over the past year.
“If you’re sure, I guess.”
Steve shudders violently, nodding though the AI can’t see him. “R-right. Three things I see. Uh, the asphalt of the parking lot, the stars, the grass.”
“Which means I get you all to myself,” Steve whispers before nipping at Tony’s throat.
“Tony.” Steve turns his attention back to Bruce. “I figured he can’t be too mad at it if he can’t actually tell it isn’t me.”
"I'm sorry."
“Steve?”
“Ready?”
“Of course not,” he snaps, sighing out an apology a second later. “I just thought that if anyone could figure out a way of making it possible, Tony would be that person.” He groans. “Forget it. This is all so stupid.”
. Talking to you about this when it’s such a jumble in my mind would’ve been a mistake. I would’ve said something stupid and thoughtless, and it would either start a fight or hurt you. And it would kill me if I did that to you. Yes, I should have – Jesus, Steve, can you
“Uh, JARVIS?” Steve says slowly, his face flushing as he hopes desperately that this isn’t Tony’s sick way of pranking him in response to Steve leaving a letter behind instead of talking to him directly.
Tony's breath escapes shakily, and he slowly faces Steve. His gaze remains on their connected hands, but Steve can still see the slight smile amidst all the confusion and apprehension.
“It’s more-”
“As I was saying, Thor has brought forth into discussion your plight at length with myself and Odin Allfather. He has been…rather persistent that we offer any assistance in our power.” She sighs softly, exchanging a glance with her son. “I must agree. The situation is much different than one we have been asked to help with, and I have never heard of someone, let alone two people, outside of Lady Jane that Thor has championed so fully for.”
Steve slips his index finger through the keyring and groans. “I’m not that bad of a driver.”
Peter's laughter increases, and he shakes his head. "No, it isn't!"
“You need to leave,” she announces in a cold tone. “Leave, and don’t ever come back. Tony,  you –”
Their relationship fizzled long before he decided to acknowledge it. She hung on because she had hopes that he’d change. And he tried, but ultimately, it became a long list of excuses and “After this project, Pep, I promise we’ll go to Paris or somewhere equally fantastic, just the two of us, sorry our plans have to be put on hold, found something slightly more important than our relationship and your happiness.” He’s still shocked that she stayed with him as long as she did; it’s taken a while, but he’s finally past the angry-at-himself stage for fucking up so much. It helps that she wouldn’t let their friendship deteriorate. Once they had their time apart, they became closer than even in the best times of their relationship. She was the one who forced him to confront his feelings for Steve, and that was an awkward conversation.
“Why did Daddy bring me here? Why didn’t he call Mommy to come get me?”
dating her, so she can't be a bad person or anything, and she's definitely beautiful, and I know you're not dating her just for her looks. You have standards, I'm, I'm well-aware of that, so don't think I'm trying to imply that you objectify her or anything, because I'm not. But… Steve, I really don't like her. I hate that you're with her. I hate seeing you happy because you're happy with her. If you weren't with her, I'd be okay with you being happy, but you are with her, and ー and I hate it.”
“I've got this, Craig.”
Loki helps Steve to his feet but allows Tony to lead the group to the couch. Steve’s head is spinning by the time he collapses to the cushion, wrapped tightly in Tony’s arms. Silence falls on the workshop, but it’s short-lived, cut off by a series of beeping and whining. Steve pulls his head away from Tony’s chest to see Dum-E staring at him; Tony snorts a laugh when the bot’s claw reaches out to pull the neck of Steve’s shirt more snugly on his shoulder. Another bout of beeps sounds, and Steve cocks his head as he realises the noises have an inquisitive note to them.
there?”
Nuzzling into the back of Steve’s neck, ignoring the hair that tickles at his nose, Tony breathes in deeply, lets go of consciousness.
“The baby, right.”
, and Natasha’s right. Keeping this away from at least Phil could have disastrous consequences. Eventually, we’ll have to tell Nick, too, but I’m thinking that can wait until after Loki’s proven himself as me once – at minimum.”
“Are we ready to begin?” questions Thor politely.
“Wha’zat?”
“Hey, babe.” Tony rounds the desk to kiss Steve, sweet and chaste and full of love. “Not that I’m not glad to see you, because I really am, especially since you’re wearing one of my shirts – you look amazing in it, by the way – but I have a meeting.
He immediately gives chase, and Tony laughs breathlessly when Steve catches up to him just inside the bedroom.
“It wasn’t… Tony, are you okay? Just hang on, all right? Hulk, Thor, and Loki are trying to get you out, but the fight’s still going on. Please tell me you’re okay.”
"Sounds like you had a busy night, kiddo. Why don't you go sit back down, the food will be out in a minute. It's great to see you again, Tony."
Tony stares down at Steve’s hand but makes no move to take the cash. He blinks owlishly up at Steve. “I’m really not seeing the problem here, Steven.”
“Peggy Carter was a brilliant woman, and we both agree on this, so stop blaming yourself.”
“But?”
“Do you consider yourself so easily expendable that you’re okay with pushing out a baby for them and immediately forgotten? How does that feel?”
Peter squeals as his tiny fingers twist in Steve's hair. Steve keeps his hands on the child's knees as he carefully manoeuvres his way through the crowded market, past bins of fresh fruit and stands of packaged seeds. Having Peter on his shoulders had seemed like a smart idea at the time: It meant not running the risk of Peter dashing off into the throngs of people while Steve's back was turned. But it's also made hunting for the perfect fruit difficult, since Steve can't stoop over to examine the produce without Peter potentially toppling over and off his perch. Plus, Peter may only be five, but he's got some strength in his legs, has come perilously close to strangling Steve on accident.
“Sorry, bud, but ya gotta. School’s important.”
At first, he thinks it’s Tony’s phone, but he dismisses that as an option immediately as he remembers the man would never be without his phone, let alone leave it behind in a dingy motel somewhere outside of Roanoke. Steve pauses, stares at the innocuous device, then picks it up. He nearly drops it when the screen suddenly lights up and shifts, going from the lock screen to the home wallpaper within milliseconds. There are only four icons displayed: a phone, an envelope, a notepad, and a white A on a blue background. The notepad symbol wiggles, and he breathes in sharply through his nose even as he hesitatingly taps the icon with his index finger. Read this is the first and only item in the app; he presses it.
The ground is great for walking across, not so much for landing on after being forcibly shoved off a quite comfortable couch. Tony groans, then groans again when his head starts splitting open – or at least
“Yeah, I can see why. It's such a long walk, and empty halls are well-known for being fraught with danger.”
“Where’d you get this?” he questions anyway, pretending like he’s not already getting frustrated.
“Yeah? Hopefully all good, except it's me, so it probably isn't all good, I'm not all good or, ya know, worthy of being called all good, so anyway, hope he hasn't said too much embarrassing stuff about me.”
“How about this. Steve and I will talk about it, okay? But there’s no guarantee he’ll say yes, and you, my wonderful little meddler, will have to just deal with whatever answer you get. Fair?”
“Get rid of it. Please, get it away.”
“Then I guess it's time I did.”
“Does it have to be him?’
“And why do you want to see him?”
“Anybody that can confirm that?”
The next couple of days pass slowly, uneventfully. Steve goes back to his routine: Wake up, go for a run, shower, breakfast, answering fan-mail (which will never get less surreal to him; he never would have imagined growing up that he'd have
“Glad you could finally join us, Don.”
“Penthouse, J.”
Tony drops down onto a chaise lounge chair, exhaling slowly against the pain in his ribs. Once it passes, he thumbs the tablet on and opens the schematics, but his concentration wavers. He finds himself staring out at the city, hazy glows of orange and whites, yellows and greens, blues and reds. His mother once described nighttime Manhattan as the closest thing to having the stars on Earth that humans would ever get. As a child, Tony believed her, but now he knows better. Now he knows that all it takes is a Norse god hell-bent on world domination, an alien race, and a portal tearing open the sky. He shudders at the memory of a galaxy full of brilliant stars against a backdrop of swirling colours, of the desperate hope of making it out alive, of accepting that this was how the man known as Tony Stark met his end.
“Well, damn, I was hoping I'd catch some sort of glimpse.” Tony smirks, but it quickly settles into a smile that's less lascivious, more fond. “How are you feeling? Looked like you got hit pretty hard.”
"Where have you been?" Tony was slightly relieved that her tone carried more concern than anger.
"Can I see the phone?" Pepper handed it over without a word. Tony would have been angry with her if his eyes were not solely focused on the device in question. He cringed as he watched the HR rep seemingly tap on the screen randomly; likely trying to find a way to exit out of the program and lock the phone. Tony tried to interject, but before he could, the HR rep had finally locked the phone. "There, now it's not a distraction anymore." She started to walk away, but Tony stood up.
"I'm not ready for that yet," he said. "Don't get me wrong, I've wanted to have sex with you for quite a while now, but given everything that's happened and all the emotional shit we're going to have to deal with until then… I just… I'm not ready and frankly, I don't think you are either." To be honest, Steve was quite relieved upon hearing that. As much as he wanted to be with Tony, he agreed that it would be better for both to have that option completely off the table, at least until they felt comfortable enough with each other and felt emotionally prepared to deal with everything that came with being in a sexual relationship. For now, he'd be fine with hugs, cuddling, and a healthy dose of kissing. Speaking of which, Steve once again pressed a soft kiss against the top of Tony's head.
"Regardless, all we can do now is damage control and taking preventative steps," Pepper said. "Looking for a single person to blame is just juvenile and a waste of time."
"Alright," Everhart said. "So, you and the other Avengers get along well?"
Okay, I am fully expecting my reviews to go something like this: "Will you stop it with that? What part of this is funny to you? What part of being infected with a deadly disease do you find funny? This isn't funny! AIDS isn't funny! Dying isn't funny, so shut the fuck up! Knock it off! Right now! This isn't funny! At all!" If it makes you feel better, you can take me out on Stark's Pond in a rowboat and try to kill me with a wiffleball bat.
Peter slumps against the wall in the corridor, puffing his cheeks out before letting his breath escape on a raspberry. Steve bites back the knee-jerk reaction of telling him to stop, forces himself to remember that Peter is just a child and isn’t actively seeking out ways of being a nuisance. Instead, Steve kneels down in front of the six-year-old and pokes his nose gently.
“You just missed Tony,” interjects Steve, because the mischievous, manic grin on Clint’s face, quite frankly, scares him. “I could have JARVIS alert you whenever he gets back.”
"Thanks."
“She said she couldn’t just sit by and watch the ‘dumbass father’ of her unborn niece get killed while being a hero.”
Steve chuckles, placing his palm over Tony’s mouth to stop his rambling. “It’s fine. Yes, we trust Phil.”
"I said never mind!" As he said that, he accidentally kicked off against the desk, causing his chair to tilt backwards and sending him tumbling to the floor. His head bounced against the ground, but it didn't knock him out. Just to be sure, though, Tony got up onto his hands and knees, crawling a couple feet away before solidly coming to a stop.
"Do you understand these rights that you do
him." Tony raised his eyebrows at that but said nothing. Coulson continued. "We got a call about a downed aircraft with unidentified tech onboard. It was found abandoned in the Arctic Circle. We identified it as possibly being the aircraft Johann Schmidt – a.k.a. the Red Skull – attempted to use in a bombing attack against the United States that was thwarted by Rogers. Our suspicions were only confirmed when we found Rogers' body. At first, we thought he was dead, but then, well…" Commander Hill picked up from there.
"Please, tell me you're going to appeal to my humanity," he said, an air of amusement in his voice.
"Wow," she said when she finally found her voice. "I don't know what to say to that."
I thought the first two episodes of WandaVision were okay. I was hoping they'd give a little more context as to what's going on with Wanda's television fantasies, but it seems like they want to keep us guessing. I know a lot of people were speculating that this was going to be the MCU's version of House of M, but so far I'm not really seeing it, which to me is a good thing. House of M was a mess. I still don't understand what happened other than the fact that Wanda's powers got taken advantage of during a mental breakdown and that's just plain not right. I hope they have the dignity to handle this better, otherwise I am going to scream.
"And dated some more."
"We've fired Freeman," Pepper reminded her. "And the police and our security team are aware of the situation. More importantly, you've taken out a personal protection order against your ex. You've taken all the right steps. You shouldn't have to feel afraid."
"Listen," Tony said. "I'm talking to you because I like you. I don't know why, but I do. I also didn't tell S.H.I.E.L.D. because I know how terrible it is to have someone publicly out you. I've been there…"
"Pamela Anderson, Charlie Sheen, Robert Downey Jr…"
She had never heard of the Strategic Homeland… Whatever the hell these people called themselves. It's not like she'd ever be able to remember that. She just knew they locked up people like her in this prison they called "the Fridge" and threw the key so far away, any hope she could possibly have of escaping was near impossible. It was like asking someone to run to the sun and back, it just couldn't be done. Her "powers" were suppressed by an unbreakable wristband. She couldn't escape people's notice anymore. She was stuck here.
Before anyone could say anything else, a low bang could be heard in the distance and the source couldn't be determined before the room started shaking. Instantly, Pepper crouched down onto the floor, holding on to the couch for support while Happy looked ready to throw his body over hers to shield her from any debris should the ceiling collapse. Steve jumped to his feet and locked eyes with Rhodey, who looked about ready to do the same. However, he had the sense not to move until the shaking stopped, which it did a moment later.
"Because I don't think Tony truly remembers the entirety of what happened." Steve paled.
was the right time to tell him. Tony was already rather emotionally distraught, and Steve did not want to add the emotional weight of something so powerful to all of that. It might do more harm than good. Though, the temptation was there – every time he merely looked at Tony, he wanted to say "I love you" – Steve was able to fight it back and not say anything. Tony was in a very precarious place and he did not need any more emotional stressors. Instead, he tried to get the message across in every little thing he did; every kiss, every touch, every little bit of contact was given fully with the implication of "I love you" behind it. However, he worried that Tony was not catching on to what he meant, especially given that they still were not officially public with their relationship. Which brought him to the last question.
Thankfully, everything was smooth sailing after that. The last procedure only involved clipping a plastic box to his index finger for a few seconds until it beeped. Dr. Fox explained that all it did was check the oxygen levels in his blood. Steve kept waiting for the thing to prick his finger and take a blood sample, but it didn't. It still gave the doctor the result he wanted, so Steve supposed that whatever it did worked.
"From Hydra?" Fury nodded. "You know I can just go in there and blow them all into the next century, right?" Fury shook his head.
"Well, performance issues," Tony said. "It's not uncommon. One out of five…" Before he could finish that, Loki grabbed him tightly around the throat and flung him across the room. Tony hit the floor with a little grunt. "JARVIS, anytime now." He tried to get up but Loki seized him by the throat again.
"Why?" Salinas held up the socks and slippers.
"No, you won't," Smith said. "You shouldn't have taken off the oxygen mask and exerting yourself like this is just going to make it harder for you to breathe."
"You know about that?" Rhodey solemnly nodded.
"What do you mean?" she asked. "What is the maximum penalty for all of that."
"Well, what do you do when you're not working on your research?"
helping you out. Try again." At last, Tony could finally see that using half-excuses was not going to get him anywhere. As much as he hated it, he had to tell the truth.
"Yeah," Natasha agreed. "It would."
"Is Barton…?" There was a moment's pause as it sounded like Stark took a couple of steps. "What is that?"
"Hold on a second," she called as she scooped the small dog up into her arms. One-handedly, she opened to door to see a professionally dressed woman with long dark hair and green eyes standing there.
"Well," Tony said. "That simply won't do."
After many hours had passed, it seemed like the silence was going to be endless. The only interruption they got was when the nurse came by to check on them and even then, she didn't say anything. She just walked over, took a quick look at each of them, and then walked away. It wasn't until the doors suddenly slid open that the silence was finally broken.
"For taking on Loki alone." Tony slowly backed away from the edge of the ramp.
The minute or so it took the concierge to pull up the camera footage and queue it up to the correct time did nothing to ease Steve's shock. He watched with a dead stare as the exterior video started up. For a few seconds it was only the same nameless sea of people being forced out of the hotel by the police. Then Tony appeared. The two officers that had been carrying him in the lobby video set him down on the sidewalk. As soon as he was released, Tony turned and tried to re-enter the hotel, but was continually pushed back by the police and the current of the crowd. Eventually, Tony seemed to give up. He shouted one last thing over his shoulder before turning and walking down 16th Street. The video paused as soon as Tony was out of frame. By that point, Steve had gotten over his shock.
Steve found himself gripping the edge of couch instead, hoping that somehow tying himself to a physical anchor would help him tame the frantic need to run building inside of him. Sadly, if anything it made it worse.
"I did," Lara said. "He said he was flying back commercial."
It did, briefly. She got about twenty minutes of sleep before Telemachus decided that he was done with cuddles and jumped off the bed, waking her up. After that, sleep began to elude her again. Now realizing that she wasn't going to be able to sleep ever again, Lara decided to give up the ghost and get out of bed. She probably needed to check her blood sugar levels anyway.
"No," Tony denied. "That can't be him. It's not possible. He died in a plane crash in 1945. He's supposed to be dead!"
"That's not necessary," she said. "Tony and I are adults. We are perfectly capable of having a civil discussion." Tony gave Pepper a side-eye and she responded by giving him a sharp, warning look. Cabe narrowed her eyes at both.
"Of course, he wouldn't," Tony said. "He wouldn't know what he did. Even if he did, he'd probably yell at me for being overly sensitive."
"Do you know where Jones Beach is?"
"Well, I mean we wouldn't spend the whole time… Besides, I don't think we're quite ready for that yet…"
"Natasha!" She didn't look at Steve, despite the outburst. Subarian finally regained the ability to speak.
Originally uploaded to FFN on 5/24/18.
"Is that even allowed?" Rhodey gave him an incredulous look.
All hope of that disappeared when Rhodey looked back at the screen and saw another figure step into frame. Clearly this had been the person Tony had been talking to as he kept his gaze on him. Just from the back of the man's head, Rhodes was able to recognize him as Tiberius Stone; Tony's now ex-with-a-capital-E hook-up.
"That's suicide!" Clint exclaimed. Right at that moment, the jet in Tony's left hand sputtered off and on again.
"Yeah," Clint said. "That's reassuring. Daddy's going to put Loki in time-out. Meanwhile, one of my closest friends is dead."
"And I promise that I'll stay by your side, no matter what." Tony gave a contented hum.
Being over a thousand years old and having traveled to all the Nine Realms and the worlds contained beyond, Loki knew a thing or two about space. Specifically, he knew that when one floated off into the vast abyss of space without the proper enchantments, biology, or protective gear they'd bloat to twice their normal size and either be cooked alive by the nearest star,or instantly freeze to death if there were no stars generating heat nearby. For the most part, Loki felt normal. Just weakly twitching his fingers, he could feel that they were still their normal size, so he could assume the same about the rest of his limbs. He also clearly hadn't frozen. In fact, he honestly wondered if his newly-discovered Jotun heritage made it impossible to freeze to death. He then realized he probably didn't want to know the answer to that and directed his mind towards a more productive activity; taking stock of his situation and figuring out where the hell he was.
Originally posted to FFN on 10/1/19.
"Good to know," Dr. Wayne said. "And you'll be glad to know that you're both in safe hands. We have nothing but the best people trying to narrow down exactly what's happening here."
"Alright," Bruce said. "I file a motion for no sexual talk during meetings."
"Yes." The woman inhaled deeply and brought a hand up to run through her hair. Tony looked at her, confused. "Do I know you?"
"That does suck," he said. "I'm sorry to hear about that." Tony shrugged.
"Yikes," Bruce remarked.
"Mm-hm," was the only response Tony gave.
They also had to consider that the First Amendment protected Freeman's right to free speech and also probably the right to practice his religion, if his comments about a "day of reckoning" were in any way tied to his affiliation with the People's Unity Church. (Which they probably did.) As such, unless they were able to definitively prove that his words had irreparably hurt Tony and/or the company, they didn't have much of a case.
"Try what?" Natasha asked.
"I wouldn't need that anyway," Steve insisted. "I just need to get used to the fact and accept that things are better now, for Tony's sake if not my own." Although he said it, a part of Steve's mind couldn't help but doubt that it would be as easy as that. The looks the others gave him told him that they thought so, too. His eyes had started drifting towards the door again when Rhodey caught his attention.
Leaving the room and heading to the local elevator, Bruce noticed Lara getting a notification on her phone and looked back to see her typing a response. Normally, that wouldn't bother him at all. After all, Lara was a grown woman. She could text whoever she wanted. Still, he couldn't help but be concerned. Given the way she snapped at him for giving Betty her number and how much stress she'd been under ever since her ex made a reappearance in her life, it was only natural to assume that she was having some sort of difficulty involving that. As he hit the button to call for the elevator, he tried to figure out the best way to approach the subject without upsetting her. However, something unexpected happened. He heard her laugh.
"You should." Dr. Cranston shook her head.
"You can promise me that you'll be careful," he pointed out. Tony gave a short nod.
, or because he just drank expired juice, he was not sure. (It was the juice.) However, he did appreciate the fact that she did at least apologize for everything she needed to and took responsibility for it. He could not say that many people even tried to apologize to him for anything serious that they did against him, so it was a nice change of pace.
"Well, good, I guess," he said. "Better. What about you?"
"Thank you," he said. "That was… Hard…"
"And broke up again." Hill eyed them both warily.
apparently didn't count as it was only Christmas in the first thirty minutes.) In the end, Clint won, but only because Steve hadn't seen the film and Clint declared it a "crime against humanity."
"And I shouldn't have asked you to do that," she said. "I was just thinking about keeping Clint from getting in the way."
"It was quite the buzz around here, finding you in the ice," she said. "I thought Coulson was gonna swoon. Did he ask you to sign his Captain America trading cards yet?"
"You'll try?" Tony nodded.
Lara apologized one last time while walking around the man. Once out the door, she bolted down the hallway and to the stairwell. There was still a steady stream of people making their way down the stairs, so she didn't feel like a
"For now," she tried to tease but her tone faded fast. All at once she was hit with the pungent scent of alcohol. It was so strong that she could feel her stomach churn a little bit. She carefully moved so that her lips were right next to his ear and spoke lowly as to not alarm anyone. "It's a little early to be hitting the bottle, don't you think?"
"But you won't know that until you try." Tony frowned for a moment, realizing that Pepper did have a point. He did not like that point, but he could admit she had one. He managed to wipe the begrudging look off his face before exchanging parting words with her. At the very least, he was glad he was able to make amends with Pepper and despite his mindset when he first went in, he did not feel like what he was agreed to be a bad deal. All in all, he felt good.
"A mission?" he questioned. "Already? They haven't even held up their end of the bargain yet."
"That's not how your powers work," Jessica pointed out.
"I am going to be gone the whole day," he said. "I was originally planning on working from home all day, so no one will probably notice that I'm not at work. I want you to go to the office and do everything you're supposed to do from your desk. If anyone does come asking for me, just tell them I'm unavailable. Unless it's Pepper. If she asks for me, tell her to call me."
"Oh, don't worry," he said. "We will." Lara made another noise of mock-disgust before turning and walking out of the room, leaving Tony and Steve alone to stare lovingly into each other's eyes.
Despite not knowing how many of them there were or how close they were, Lara instantly made the decision to fully barricade herself in the penthouse. After all, if she couldn't evacuate without avoiding the potential threat, her best bet was to deny them access to her location. Locking the door, she grabbed another one of the belts from her purse and wrapped it around the metal brace. There were no tables nearby that she could use to barricade the door. The best she could do was grab a chair from another room and try to prop it underneath the door. As she did that, though, she could hear someone on the other side trying (and failing) to turn the knob.
"Was there anyone in the building?" Steve asks.
"No," Tony said. "First, tell me what's going on."
Tony looked up and frowned. Despite the annoyed look on her face, Lara did appear to be better than she was the day before. However, he still didn't want to spur on any anger and/or tears, so he took it easy on her.
"Yeah," she said.
"Salinas might have said that he believed him to be impaired, yes." The already tense situation seemingly cranked up ten notches with that one statement.
"Excuse me," he said. "Did we come to your planet and blow stuff up?" Not caring to listen to whatever conversation was happening there, Tony turned back to Steve.
"Oh, my God." Tony wasn't looking at Pepper, but he could hear the horror clear in her voice. "She didn't bring up-"
(See the end of the chapter for
of the bass sends vibrations up his spine, and Steve makes a face at the energetic synth that’s blaring from the speakers in the photography wing. He can see Natasha and Sam sitting in comfortable chairs off to the side; neither of them looks up at him, but Steve didn’t really expect them to notice his presence – not with the loud music and the fact that they’re both focused so intently on each other. Coulson stands behind the camera, silently snapping picture after picture as Bucky poses without direction. The effortless movements seem so natural, are a testament to how long he’s worked with Phil that Bucky doesn’t need words to know how the other man wants him to move.
His hand clenches into a tight fist on his knee, and his breathing grows harsh. The walls seem to be closing in on him; he squeezes his eyes shut tightly and focuses on controlling his breathing, but it doesn’t help, he can’t breathe. Gasping in shallow gulps of air, Steve stumbles for the door, hand fumbling on the knob until he finally,
Steve skims over the menu before ordering a burger. Darcy nods succinctly and makes her way to the kitchen area, her long dark curls bouncing against her shoulders as she swings her hips to and fro with a bit more motion than necessary. Thankfully, their conversation isn’t stilted or awkward this time; Tony talks about Peter and work and Pepper (“This is bad etiquette, isn’t it, to talk about your ex on a first date with your current boyー it’s just a terrible idea, right?” “Tony, I already know about you and Pepper, which is why I know there’s nothing more than friendship and co-parenting, and were you about to call me your boyfriend?” “Don’t be silly, Steven, we’re not in grade school.”), and Steve talked more about the shenanigans of his youth with Bucky, how he stumbled onto being a comic book writer and artist, and his ma. Darcy leaves them alone for most of the date, only swooping in sneakily once or twice to refill their drinks and to whisper encouragement in Steve’s ear whenever Tony isn’t paying particular attention due to being engrossed in whatever he is saying. She sets a bowl of ice cream and two spoons onto the table before taking away their plates, and Tony looks around; Steve turns just in time to see Ben gesturing at them to continue the date.
Now, I should probably get on to why it took me so long to put out this chapter. The most simple explanation is, well, life happened. You'd think because I'm an unemployed twenty-three-year-old living off disability benefits, I'd have all the time in the world to write. I wouldn't blame you. I thought that, too. However, that just isn't the case.
"And he lived?" Fury nodded.
"And do you really want to answer any of them?" Tony hesitated.
"I'm well aware you are corporate attorneys," Tony said. "That's what I hired you for."
"Yes." The confirmation was all the permission the two of them needed to enter the room. When they walked in, Stark was sitting up and rubbing his eyes. "Why is the sun so loud?" He looked around. "Where's Steve? I thought he was coming."
"No, I need to know exactly what you did because I don't know what could happen…"
"Yeah," Tony said. "Like in TV and movies and all that crap. The thing that the person lies down on while they talk to the therapist…"
"Of course, you think that." It was clear in her tone that she was rolling her eyes.
"Hey, Nat…" Natasha surged forward and covered Clint's mouth before he could say any more. He had just turned a corner that Freeman had already passed when he noticed her and luckily Freeman was too absorbed in his conversation to notice the two of them. Nat had her hand over Clint's mouth until Freeman reached the end of the hallway where it emptied out into the lobby. Once he was gone, she let out a breath of relief. "What the hell…?"
I hope you all enjoyed this chapter and I hope it was worth the wait! This chapter was kind of long, so I'm going to keep the author's note short! Please review and comment if you liked this chapter and be sure to follow this story in order to keep up to date!
"Betty is short for Elizabeth," he said, causing Lara's cheeks to turn a light shade of pink.
"Nothing."
"Moi?" Tony pointed at himself. "Are you certain?"
"Because it's not," Tony said. "Some of its S.H.I.E.L.D., some of its Avengers-related, some of it's from Damage Control, I'm pretty sure the bill for the guy I paid to clean out the bathroom on the jet is in there somewhere…"
As time went on, more and more agents were sent back to do their assigned duties. Even Coulson was dismissed to go back to his regular job (and he was clearly disappointed about it.) Now the only people left in the room were a handful of doctors to monitor Steve's condition, and Commander Hill, who would probably stay until she received direct orders from Fury to be elsewhere. Besides that, there were also guards standing outside all the doors. They didn't look armed, but Tony knew better than that. Personally, he didn't think that it was necessary as Steve had already proven that he wasn't a threat to anyone. However, Tony had to remind himself that the reverse was also very much possible; that anyone could be a threat to Steve, especially in his current weakened state. The thought caused Tony to shudder and he quickly immersed himself in his phone to distract himself.
