“This is not the time,” Barnes snapped, but he could hear the faint shouts from Wilson on the other side of the phone. Something was very wrong.
“Hi there,” she smiled, batting her fake eyelashes wildly. “I’m Susan, I live right across the street,” she said with a point.
Walking up to the house, Steve opted to go through the rear. Steve slipped into the back door, closing it slowly, the lock clicking quietly behind him. When he turned, he was met only with the dark silence of the house. Creeping slowly on the tiles, Steve shucked off his jacket, walking towards the bedroom.
his mind supplied- twisting his worn hat between his hands. “Well, boss. I don’t really know. I was waiting at the rendezvous point as planned and then Carl stumbled over, looking, well, looking like that,” the man stuttered out, gesturing to the dead body in front of them.
“Nice to meet you, ma’am,” Steve replied with a Boy Scout smile, that was sure to have Mrs. Danowitz quivering in her shape-up sneakers. “I’m Chris.”
“Not so loud, Pep.” Tony grabbed the sides of his head, still pounding for his encounter with the Brooklyn madman; he could already feel the bruise blossoming on his cheek.
Phil was shaking his head as Fury spoke. He could hear the EKG betraying him, his pulse escalating like a runaway train. “You’re wrong. I don’t know who that is.”
But that was way down the line. One of the main problems was resources. Sure, Tony could get his hands on the rare materials, but talking in a worldly scope, there wouldn’t be enough to go around for everyone. And that’s not even mentioning the cost.
Tony rubbed his temple, groaning softly. Seeing Happy hooked up to God knows how many hospital tubes did no favors for him. After triple checking that he would be receiving the best medical care and that Pepper was fine, Tony let himself return home.
"How much did we lose this time?" Tony leaned back in his chair, a hand running over his tired face as he waited for an answer from the surrounding board members.
A burst of warmth hit him as he sidled into the backseat, slamming the door behind him. Ignoring the other occupants, Obadiah tapped a quick rap against the divider and his chauffeur took off, navigating easily through the New York streets.
Tony hung up, throwing the phone into the passenger seat and tore out of the driveway towards Asgard’s New York office.
Clint bit his lip. He shouldn’t be listening to this. Maybe he should leave. Or would it be better to barge in? Before, when the pair were barely on speaking terms, Clint and the others would always intervene before Steve and Tony’s hourly argument went nuclear. But it was different now. They were together; couples fight, he shouldn’t get involved. But those two were also the only ones keeping the family together. A huge fallout could be catastrophic.
“No, I’m saying that you can’t bullshit me,” Bucky snapped. “I know this look; I’ve seen it before. You’re fightin’ with something, and you’re keeping it a secret. Remember the last time you kept secrets?”
Tony could feel Clint shaking next to him, fingers twitching with the need to have Coulson in his arms, but never moving, as if afraid that if he looked away, the man would be gone. Thankfully, Coulson came to him, sprinting the distance between them. Clint barely got his arms up in time before Phil was colliding into them, sending the pair sprawling onto the floor.
Tony grasped Steve’s head in his hands. “I was walking a tightrope long before you came along. What’s not to say it wouldn’t have happened anyway? And if it did happen, which it probably would have, I would have had to face it alone, without you. And that isn’t worth it.”
Before Steve could respond Tony jolted forward, catching his lips in an embrace for the final time. Unrestrained desperation tainted each kiss, each breath, and Tony could barely feel his fingers locking around Steve’s neck over the gripping hold that permeated around his hips.
Steve surged forward, lips mashing against his harshly, the force toppling Tony onto his back. Tony’s gasp was swallowed by Steve, the blonde plastering his body over Tony’s fully encompassing him. There was a time that Tony hated that, reason enough for him to stay away from people who were larger than him. But when Steve did it, Tony’s heart sang, his body thrumming with glee as he was surrounded by love and security.
The men nodded. “We’ve got enough explosives to start a third world war,” one answered. “With the blast radius, we won’t even have to get inside. Just load up the perimeter, and boom.”
“I am. Anthony is no better than his drunk of a father; regardless of whether or not he had found out your little secret, he would have still left you and your crew out to dry as soon as your usefulness had run out. This whole time you thought you were using him, when it turns out, it was the other way around. Stark's are taught to care for one thing: themselves. He wasn’t your friend, Captain, he never was. He was just using you as a human shield, sending his puppets out to do his bidding while he stays safe at home.”
Which is how he found himself slipping into not his bedroom like he was supposed to, but one of his new teammates.
A million questions echoes through his head, his body finally settling on a pained groan for a response.
There was a long stretch of silence as Tony tried to figure out what he was going to say to him. What could he say? “I’m sorry,” was all he settled on.
“Don’t you dare,” the blonde snapped. “I don’t wanna hear whatever convoluted therapist talk you have for me. This isn’t one of these things were you can whisper some motivation in my ear and then everything will be fine. Because it won’t, Sam! So keep it to yourself, because I don’t wanna hear it.”
know anything. The SSR’s precious little intel boy. The perfect tactics, the perfect information. It’s a shame you never saw HYDRA coming.”
“Someone threw a bomb in the middle of the street?” Clint’s lifeless voice questioned. “Oh boy, now people can’t get to work on time. Real bummer.”
With that, Tony hit the streets again, moving quickly and as quietly as possible. He doubled back a few times, taking the same persuasions as when he was driving, making sure he wasn’t followed. The last thing he needed was a mob’s lackeys cornering him. By the time he reached his destination, the sun had sunk way behind the cityscape, the buildings' lights flickering on in the distance. Tony cursed to himself, wishing he brought a flashlight. He was so disconnected from the main civilization that the pale moonlight was the only viable source of light. It was strange, as Tony didn't think there would be places like this left in the never sleeping New York.
Steve drew his arms around Tony, bracketing him before throwing a leg over, twisting the pair so Tony lay beneath him. His eyes were almost black as he gazed back up at Steve. His chest heaved, the glow of the arc reactor dancing around the room. He was so stunning. “My kingdom to have you like this forever,” Steve uttered.
Tony hissed. “Don’t you think I know? But we don’t know how long we’re going to be there, Steve! All I can think about it when I’m going to see you again. Or if I ever will.”
Steve snickered alongside Tony before looking back at Sam. “You broke into my house,” he replied again, dumbly.
Steve was pacing. He felt the weight of Stark’s gaze on him, but continued to ignore him. He knew what he wanted, but Steve was just as much in the dark as he was. It's nothing he had seen before either. Even when facing HYDRA the first time, they'd never resorted to something like this. This did not bode well. “How?”
Tony pointed over to the corner of his room, where Clint had seemed to be starting his out recycling yard. “I know for a fact that I wouldn’t be caught living with alcohol with a net value less than forty dollars. So either you’ve been sneaking out to get cheap whiskey or someone is doing it for you. And, based on your previous comment on mental state, I don’t think anyone here would add fuel to that fire. Ergo, you play super spy dress up and sneak out.”
Steve sat up slowly, looking around. He recognized the building; it was a well-known bank in New York City. Steve turned to go comfort the injured man when we stopped again.
Steve hummed, only half listening, eyes never leaving the stocked shelves in front of him. These ones looked to be on sale, but for once, Steve could give a rat’s ass about the total price tag.
And that shirt? Tony almost wanted to throw out Steve’s entire wardrobe so he would be forced to wear that tight shirt around everywhere.
thought Steve. He was about to charge in, when he saw himself be flung out of the window. A couple of shots, and past Steve was falling to the ground.
“Well you shouldn’t have. Treachery picked us all up about a year ago; this is one of the first moves we made on the Avengers.”
Steve paused a final time, hand hovering over the door handle. He’d made a lot of stupid decisions this year, but this would take the cake. But he knew that he was going to do it anyway. Stupid or not, Steve knew it was the only chance he had to get Phil back and secure the rest of his family. He just hoped that what he had to offer was enough to get everything he wanted in return. Nodding to himself, Steve turned the knob and opened the door, stepping through the threshold.
Steve wasn’t sure what he was expecting when he was met with large glass panels at the bottom of the stairs, but he couldn’t help but smile when the lights flickered on as the three passed through the glass door. Because the lab? It was all Tony. Completely contrasting with the rest of the speakeasy that remained a style from the past with its old wood and dark walls, the lab looked almost white. Sleek tables littered in papers surrounded the lab, the walls lined with cabinets still half open from where Tony had dug around through them. Whiteboards covered in Tony’s scrawl hung on the walls, while random contraptions of metal that only Tony could understand sat in all the only available free space. Steve could see a small mini fridge in the corner with a small cot shoved alongside it. If Steve had to guess, that cot saw more nights than Tony’s actual bed did.
Eventually, Tony's whimpers ceased, tremors lessened, his breaths evening out. Still, Steve pushed closer, offering every inch of heated skin that he could. He wasn’t sure how long they sat there, Steve crying as Tony rocked him slightly.
Steve thumped his head against the wall before charging down the stairs. He couldn’t deal with this right now; he needed to meet Loki. Knowing that the rest of his team was in search of Bucky, Steve slipped out the back and into one of their cars, driving to the location Thor had given him. He knew how wary everyone was of Loki. Steve would be lying if he said he didn’t feel the same way, but there was else nothing he could do. HYDRA had them backed against the wall. He couldn’t sit idle again. He won’t sit back and watch his family get slaughtered again.
Clint barely felt Natasha leave the room, the redhead already moving so quietly that even his hearing aids weren’t strong enough to pick up on her footfalls.
“Ah, yes. The Midwest. The group of states that no one else wanted so they formed their own region, with the only purpose of being a roadblock to the cool parts of America.”
“You have no idea,” Steve confessed. “I’ve talked it over with Tony,” he lied with a nod towards the man on his left. “We’re willing to give you access to some of them if you help us take down Pierce.”
He was safe here. He didn’t have to be faced with those heartbroken eyes. In fact, Tony would have been perfectly fine to just stay there indefinitely. But, if Steve knew him, which he did, then the blonde knew exactly where Tony was. And if Tony knew Steve, which he did, then he knew that Steve had known the whole time, and was just giving him time to cool off.
Steve nodded, bringing a hand up to trail through Tony’s dark locks. He could still feel leftover plaster from the past explosions. Steve couldn’t help but tighten his hold on Tony.
“If Steve won’t talk, then Tony is the only one who knows what happened there. We need to find him,” said Clint.
“Well, that settles that then,” he smiled at Steve, ignoring the man’s dirty look. “No way we’re getting out of here,” he added, curling up tighter behind the crates as another wave of bullets careened over their heads. “There’s too many of them.”
Immediately, he could feel some of the tension leave his body, meeting the comforting scene of the ramshackle hovel he called a home. Steve walked through the entryway and tugged off his jacket, hanging it neatly on a set of hooks on the wall.
Steve looked about, dumbfounded. He glanced at Bucky’s equally confused face to make sure he hadn’t missed anything. “What surprise? A trip to Brooklyn?”
. Each day that goes by is another day that his family is at risk. Last month, The Suit, or Finnegan Thorpe, had managed to bag both Captain America and Iron Man. No one had ever been able to do such a feat before.
“Shit,” Delmar whispered. It all made sense. After Washington, Captain America had gotten rid of SHIELD. HYDRA would have needed a way to stay in control, to make sure that some of the organization lived on after the failure in Washington. That’s why Barton was never called out. He was the cockroach that SHIELD never managed to squash; always primed and ready to go at a moment’s notice.
The man almost looked like an avenging angel, the light landing behind his head like a dim halo, accenting his sandy blonde locks. His cold, blue eyes flashed over Tony like he was fresh meat. Hell, this guy good give the statue David a run for his money.
Pepper almost shouted. “Tony, you were almost killed! The Captain is tearing apart Manhattan looking for you, and you’re just
It wasn’t long after that that Tony went into full-fledged panic mode. He had known how angry The Captain had been at the Hammer fiasco. And while originally it was hot, The Captain’s anger focused mainly on Hammer and his men. But if The Captain somehow got it into his head that Tony was behind it?
Now, meeting Pepper for the first time, seeing her place a comforting hand on Tony's arm, he could see how Tony knew right away that she was something special. She wore a comforting smile, but her eyes remained sharp, like a mother bear, fully prepared for any threat against her cub. Tony was lucky to have her. Such a strong woman; so caring and loyal but fierce all at the same time. She was just like-
him in his vows, that he would spend the rest of his life proving that Tony was the most important thing to him.
“I thought you were dead! And don’t give me any of that ‘let me teach you a lesson’ bullshit. You are no better than me Tony Stark, and if you think for one minute that you wouldn’t go off the handle if you thought you lost one of your own, then you- ”
look like an actual machine now, what with the large contraption laying on top of his chest like a ticking time bomb. The eerie blue light seemed to give Tony a ghostlier look than his pasty skin. Tony had been adamant about not going to the hospital, which Steve could understand. If he was the doctor on call, the first thing he’d want to do was take it out. Of course, Bruce had popped that bubble, as well as helping in Steve heave up everything he had eaten, by showing how the blue circle was actually lodged into his chest.
It wasn’t until the car had stopped that Steve finally knew where they were. Steve stepped out of the car, staring at the huge ‘STARK’ printed on the side of the building. He shuddered, instantly thinking about how he had seen those words just a few days before on a bomb.
The guard leaned down listening to his radio. "There's a situation on the main floor. We'll take care of it, Mr. Stark."
“Th-the Captain,” Carl managed to choke out before a gun shot rang out, and Matthew Drumm found himself covered in his friend’s blood, the man falling limp in his arms.
"Are you alright?" Steve pressed, completely ignoring Tony's comments. "Anyone try to get in the building?"
Maybe that’s why he enjoyed sketching so much. The control it gave him, knowing that only he got to dictate what kind of stroke he laid down next. That no matter how messy it got in the middle, there would always be a clear picture at the end. Or that if things weren’t going his way, Steve could just chuck it and start from a completely clean slate.
This was the reason why Clint couldn’t go back home; couldn’t go back to his team. He couldn’t deal with the death of Tony, especially because it was his fault. He couldn’t handle what they would say to him, what they would do to him. And now Clint was going to have to face his worst fears. With Pepper Potts of all people. He wouldn’t come out of this alive.
Even after waiting a few days, Tony was still filled with trepidation as he walked through the sewer to meet The Captain. As soon as he saw the man’s smile, however, Tony knew he was safe.
“I know, but it just got me thinking, you know,” Bucky trailed off, giving Steve another look, like he wasn’t sure what Steve was going to say in response. “Maybe you should take a break.”
Their prisoner’s eyes bugged out of their sockets, his head snapping towards Thor as his pleas increased. “Oh no, my friend. You attacked The Captain’s men today. You answer to him.”
Tony shifted, bouncing on the balls of his feet as he watched the journalists cycle in. The open room was already filled with excited chatter; it seemed that everyone and their mother had crammed in to hear his first public press conference since he'd been kidnapped. He let his eyes drift across the room, locking on to each open doorway, each clear window. He bit his lip. Maybe Obie was right.
“It wasn’t rash,” Tony couldn’t help but snap. “This isn’t the first time that I’ve thought about shutting down the weapons division. What happened was just the push I needed to get over the hump.”
The uncertainty worried Steve the most. This didn’t necessarily seem like a huge threat – Bruce was still safely tucked away in the quinjet as they were nowhere near calling for a Code Green – but sometimes an opponent with no plan ended up with the worst outcomes. It certainly seemed that HYDRA had no qualms for taking innocents down with them.
Tony scoffed. “Oh, of course. You’re so right. When is a good time for you? Because apparently, you were too busy to mention it in the
Tony nodded, not trusting his voice as his heart throbbed at the memory of Steve’s teasing laughs and carefree smile, his promises burning sweetly. “But they don’t know that I do,” Tony finally managed to grit out.
Steve scowled as he watched her walk back over to the van, an agent holding a bullet proof vest out for her. He assumed that the FBI wouldn’t allow them to arm themselves for this, lest they try anything funny, but from the looks of it, he and Bucky wouldn’t be getting anything that would count as added protection. Why would they? He had already cashed in the rest of his secrets to Fury; all they needed was for him to identity the SSR files, and honestly, they could probably figure that out on their own. He was a loose end now; it probably worked out better for Fury if he and Bucky didn’t survive. Less mouths to feed when they were sent into witness protection.
Rhodey and Steve got up, Tony trying to stop the blonde with a tug on his arm. Steve just sent him a small smile, kissing him softly against the temple. “Good luck,” he whispered before pulling away, nodding to Pepper on his way out.
Tony paused, looking over the dirty blonde. It was sickening to think that he could still look like complete shit, but also look better than he had a week ago. Of course, his eyes were still haunted and his breath had a more pungent smell than his personal bar. Ignoring all of that, the worst of it was the slight shaking. Small tremors in the hands, the uncoordinated movements, the shaky voice. Tony had been around Barton enough to know that if the man didn’t have to move, he wouldn’t, opting to be more still than a statue. Always on the prowl, always stalking, like a bird of prey. The Clint before his eyes, however, seemed to be what the old Barton would hunt.
He chose his steps wisely, all while his sharp eyes scanned the rubble. The small fires that remained attacked Clint’s lungs, but he didn’t let that deter his search. There was no way that he was leaving here without Tony.
And if it was bad for Tony, it would be absolutely dreadful for Steve. Steve had confided some of his deepest secrets to Tony after they had gotten together. Things that Tony wanted to forget every day. Like the fact that because of the super solider serum, Steve didn’t get knocked straight into unconsciousness when the plane crashed. That he sat there, under a fallen beam, trapped, just waiting. Watching as the ice slowly formed around his body, the cold seeping into his bones. Wondering when he would take his last breath.
Natasha huffed at the memory, entering the complex and walking up the stairs to her apartment. The carpet was worn and faded, stained with every imaginable color, and the smell of stale cigarettes mixed with cleaning supplies hung in the air. She reached the second floor and strolled over to her apartment door, equally as washed up as the carpet. She unlocked the door and stepped in, quickly shutting the door behind her.
It wasn’t like he could be mad. He wanted to – he sure as hell knew that Tony and Steve left out the earfuls they’d probably gotten from the others that they’d left behind – but Clint knew to hold his tongue. Especially since he’d been bending the rules himself. Man, were these two in for a surprise.
Couldn’t he? It wasn’t like he had any other type of plan. Causing any sort of scene would get him arrester on sight, and there was no way they’d let him near Fury after that. Trying to sneak through the building seemed to have a similar outcome.
“Yes. I’m sorry it took us so long to meet, but you’ll have to forgive me, I’m not from around these parts.”
Clint shuddered. Tony had survived Afghanistan, palladium poisoning. Hell, he even chucked a nuke into the great beyond. But all it took was a simple business man to take the great Iron Man down. Finnegan Thorpe had killed Tony Stark.
“Two, Jed,” he said into the camera, placing two silver blocks on to the small shelf attached to the door.
Tony watched Barnes slump, defeated, before moving to head out of the room. When he got to the door, he shot Tony one last final glare, which Tony responded with a winning smile.
“You’re not, you’re not,” Tony argued, but grabbed at Steve like a lifeline, fingers digging into the soft threads of his sweater.
“You can’t keep putting this off, Barnes,” pleaded Sam. “The man’s going crazy that you keep slipping out and you won’t tell him where you’re going. We’re running out of ways to keep him distracted when you leave. Steve’s a smart guy, Buck, he’s gonna catch on. Or worse, he’s gonna follow you one day and then we’re all gonna be done for. Something tells me that he won’t be too happy when he finds out that we’ve been meeting with Stark behind his back.”
“Pepper, relax,” he replied, keeping his voice calm as Clint weaved through traffic. “We’re gonna bag him, alright? Now, where are you?”
Steve relaxed, his defenses dropping. Tony raised an eyebrow, unimpressed. "You gonna tell me what all of this is about?"
"You've got quite a price on your head in the criminal community. I'm sorry to say, that as the head of The Commandos, I'm going to have to kidnap you and bring you back to our base for interrogations," he said, eyes twinkling. "Probably extensive ones, I might add. I'm just wondering if you'll come quietly or if you're going to put up a fight. I hear you're a wily one."
The team sat around the dinner table. They always made an effort to try and have a meal together once a week. Something to pull away from their stresses and get them out of their own head for a while.
- And thirdly, just because I'm a stubborn engineer, and my brain won't shut up about the fact that there is no way that Tony Stark could have built a suit in a sewer based off the weapons that I pictured him having. (My brain is so lame and has no imagination).
betrayal, his company was more than floundering at the moment. Stock points were dropping by the minute and the board was scrambling for any way they could sweep up the mess. Pepper, who had been somewhat informed of his arrangement with the FBI, had been in constant contact on their plans to move forward. But, as if reading his mood from hundreds of miles away, had been able to distinguish that something was wrong and was shouldering most of the work load, keeping everything she could off Tony’s lap. While he was forever grateful for her – no way he’d be of any use right now – part of him wished that she wasn’t like this. That she would get back into the swing of things, forcing him to move past Steve.
Tony collapsed against his chest, Steve’s arms automatically winding around the smaller man’s chest. “What do you want to do today?” Tony whispered.
The drive to the storage facility was in dead silence. Natasha checked over her guns one last time, Clint looking back in the review mirrors to make sure they hadn’t lost one of the following vans. Upon arrival, the entire crew piled out of the vans, getting into their usual positions, ready to swarm the building on Steve’s call.
Mind made up, Bucky blinked back tears as he quickly pulled a hand away from Clint to pull out his gun. “I’m so sorry,” he whispered, before bringing the butt of it down onto Clint’s head. The man crumpled instantly, his screams ceasing.
“Steve isn’t just a floozy, and he isn’t Pepper. This isn’t just a check off your bucket list. I thought you were better than this.” With that, Natasha stalked off back to her room, leaving Tony alone again.
This wasn’t how it was supposed to go. He blinked open to watch a sea of agents push Steve’s body away from him.
Bucky sighed, walking over until he crouched in front of Steve. “Listen, Clint’s got the twins looking in to this, Steve, but they’re not going to find much if you won’t tell us anything. We need to find Tony. Help us find him.”
“A place that I kept telling you I didn’t want to go,” Steve groaned. “Thanks, Phil, you definitely saved me from that.”
be profitable. You are right, people need those things. But they won’t forever. Diseases are being cured left and right, solar energy is sweeping the globe, technology becoming more advanced. Eventually there will come a time where the next step won’t be necessary. There’s a peak in those markets, and once you’re there, there’s nothing left to get from it.
It was then that Steve had finally understood. The carved wood was cheap, and it looked more like a wrinkled sponge than a car, but Tony still treated it like it was as fragile as glass. The last Steve had seen it, it had taken up a coveted spot on Tony’s desk in his workshop. But it wasn’t the gift himself. It was what it stood for.
Pierce rolled his eyes. “Oh, don’t be so dramatic. It’s not like you don’t have your own personal agenda.”
Steve knew he had been falling apart the last month, but not once had he stopped to take a look at what he was doing to his own crew. Bucky was his rock, his foundation. He never faltered; always there to pick Steve back up after he lost his footing.
With that, Tony surged forward, crashing his lips to Steve. Tony didn’t wait for an answer; he began placing open mouth kisses on Steve’s lips, slowly moving down Steve’s chin and neck.
How could this man keep on giving? Steve had heard about Tony Stark for years. About the Merchant of Death, the man with no heart. But he had never heard anything about the man standing next to him. How had everyone overlooked this? How had no one seen the true Tony Stark? How had Howard missed that his son was so special?
Hammer's man had said. That was a new one. Their prisoner hadn't denied his knowledge of Hammer's working with HYDRA, but who was The Monger? How was he involved? Maybe he was the new face of HYDRA; they had to have picked someone after Schmidt died. Whoever The Monger was, he was the next piece of the puzzle that they needed.
“I don’t what to tell you, Sir,” Ward sighed. “I’ve checked all of the hospitals in the entire state, all the morgues, everywhere! He’s simply gone.”
“Fuck,” Tony hissed, dropping the suitcase and charging straight into the raging fire. “Barnes?! Barnes, where are you?!”
Steve clenched his jaw at Sam’s prodding. But that’s just another thing about lighthouses. They might offer guidance, but they’re always there. Even when they aren’t wanted, the bright light burning through eye sockets, demanding attention.
at the time, seemed like the best thing since sliced bread. Every time they would stop for gas or rest, Steve would always find time to slip away and buy more items for the evening – never let it be said that Steve was a cheap date. He’d even convinced Tony to switch cars, changing over to a truck. Tony, of course, didn’t question the change, or the growing pile of bags that filled up the flat bed. Tony was amazingly oblivious when he needed to be.
He always said he was more of a delivery boy, both him and Bucky running rampant through the streets of New York to find their next package, bringing them back for usually Nat to take them apart. While Clint had always joked about being the errand boy, Steve knew he wouldn’t have it any other way. Steve could always catch a glimpse of it; the uneasiness that sat in his stormy eyes whenever he walked in during one of their sessions. That, and once while in a drunken stupor, Clint had admitted that he didn’t like the noises. The dull thuds of flesh hitting flesh, the chair scrapping, the pleading moans. He said it reminded him too much of his time in the circus. That was all Steve needed to know to try and keep the man as far away from interrogations as possible.
It wasn’t as if he wasn’t interested; Tony had wasted countless time in the shower or in bed, imagining Steve pound into him from behind. But still, traces of fear lingered. Being here, Tony had never felt more exposed, the idea of bottoming feeling like giving up the last bit of power that he was clinging too. It was subconscious, he was sure; Tony trusted Steve with everything, would give him everything.
Tony gave a small smile. “Yeah, he was always the best out of us all. Comes with being the only one in the family with a moral compass.”
“I don't think we should be focusing on Loki. That guy's brain is a bag full of cats. You can smell crazy on him,” Bruce added. “Besides, we do have something. ‘The Monger’, right? We’ve still got Hammer locked away; maybe he knows the guy. It could definitely fill in some blanks.”
Tony watched as his husband finally slipped back into the dining room, his eyes going wide at the no doubt ridiculous scene that lay in front of him.
Tony pulled away to look up at him. “Absolutely. I can’t hide down here. I need to do everything I can to keep our people safe.”
There it was. The steel was gone from Pepper’s face, leaving a flurry of emotions and confusion. “I-I don’t understand,” she stammered.
Movement got his attention again, and Steve soon found himself cuffing the fleeing robber to a drainage pipe at the building side. “Don’t worry, just wait here. They usually pick up the trash within the hour,” Steve smirked.
Will be changing be handle to just_another_cliffhanger. (Just trying to lighten the mood with the dad jokes. Don't hate me.)
“Steve and his other half are downstairs doing things I’d rather not think about. Doesn’t matter, you’re the one I wanted to talk to.”
“What the- listen. You’re young. You’re fresh meat. The mobs in this town will eat you alive, spit you out, and leave you for the dogs. You’re not going to be able to hang with them. I get the whole angsty rebellion phase, trust me, I've been there, but there are other ways to deal with your feelings that won't end with you six feet under. Have you ever tried pottery? I hear it does wonders for the temperament.”
These HYDRA rumors were putting him on edge. The first couple times he had heard them, it was during their ‘interrogations’. Steve had never paid any mind to it; people would say anything if it meant getting out of a session with Natasha.
Clint peeked his head out far enough to where Tony could see his hollowed out eyes. “Valiant effort, but no thanks. Go and bug Steve if you’re bored.”
He ignored the glare that Stark shot over to him, knowing that it was fake. He had been around the man enough to read his faces like a book. How his eyes would light up when he talked about the latest project he was working on, his calloused hands flying around animatedly, bringing out the Italian in him. How he unconsciously worried his bottom lip between his teeth as he tapped away on his computers, eyes darting around the screen. How his face would go blank whenever he talked to his business partner on the phone, or when he adorned his face with plastic smiles when he had to go out in public, quite unlike the few small ones Steve had managed to pull from the man. His eyes always looked curious, whenever he looked at Steve, it was like he was trying to take him apart like a machine.
Bucky shook his friend, the blonde remaining unresponsive as he became more frantic. “Come on, don’t do this,” he whispered, leaning down to check that he was still breathing. He flopped his head onto Steve’s chest after feeling the faint puff of Steve’s breath against his ear. He could feel the warm rivulets smear against his cheek, a sharp contrast to the cold of the river water.
Turning on the water, Steve quickly stepped out of his clothes, just dumping it into one of the laundry baskets. Steve wasn’t sure how, and wasn’t sure he’d ever know, but no matter what they threw in there, it always found its way back to the corner of their bed, folded and completely spotless.
He pushed past Bucky and towards the door, the walls suddenly constricting and silently judging. He barely had time to shout a quick “I’m going out,” before he was out the door and running down the stairs to the fresh air, away from the Bucky’s questions, away from Natasha’s eyes, away from everything.
Natasha, who was still mulling over the body, stood back with a small sigh. “Fake tooth. Very inconspicuous; no one would even think to look.”
He had showered at one point, probably even eaten. Tony didn’t really know; the hours started blending together after the first day. Anger still coursed through his veins, betrayal clawing up the sides of his throat every time he took a breath.
Coulson hopped up, standing between the two of them. “You and Pietro can go now, Mr. Stark. I’m sorry for the trouble.”
“Don’t be an ass, Hill,” Fury sighed. “If anything, I’m taking a few problems out of your lap. Now, let’s quit the chit-chat. We’ve got work to do. Let’s load up.”
A laugh bubbled in Steve’s chest. “One step at a time,” he smiled, poking at Tony’s chest. “You do bring up a good point, though. You do know that we both have random check ins with our assigned FBI handler.”
He felt the elevator move beneath him, before a tiny ding told him he had reached his destination. He stumbled out, heading for the mini bar on auto pilot. Tony had been gone for hours, but it looked like his new roommates had gone their separate ways.
“Fuck,” Tony hissed again, immediately going for his phone. He had The Captain’s number halfway dialed before he tossed the phone away.
Tony threw his head back, grinding down into Steve viciously. He didn’t think he would have even gotten hard, he was just so
“Come on, I’m taking you back to bed. I’ll call the doctor and Bruce, don’t worry about anything, I’ll take care of it, I’ll take care of
“Because he told me,” Steve answered gently, a small smile slipping on to his face. “Just like he told me of all the times he tried to get you to quit, although he prays that you’ll never leave because he loves you. He told me that the one time that he saw you out of heels he actually called a physician because he thought you were sick. He even told me that how no matter how far technology has come, you will always hand write your reminders and appointments because it helps you remember better.”
Tony saw red, his arms snapping out to his sides, quickly feeling the familiar weight of his gauntlets surround them. He picked up a kid in each arm, locking the grip so they couldn’t wiggle out. Of course, it should have worked if Wanda still couldn’t throw her magic at a distance, red swirls almost dancing out of her fingertips. Which, in turn, got Pietro riled up, the boy moving at supersonic speeds.
It was in this moment that he thought that he should have left a long time ago. Ditched his new identity to head back north, try and find Steve and the others earlier. Here, feeling the familiar warmth of his friend made him question how he was able to last this long without him.
Steve sighed. It wasn’t like this, back in the day. There wasn’t this much poverty; there wasn’t this much killing.
The silence, however, was cut off by soft steps approaching the lab. At first, Tony had thought it was Steve, no doubt coming to collect him. But while Steve had gotten better at his stealth, with extensive training with Natasha, the man always walked towards Tony with heavy steps because he knew how much Tony hated the idea of people sneaking up behind him.
But an empty suit meant that Tony was not in here. He’s probably down with the crowd, arguing with the fire marshals. Steve, relief pouring over him, image playing out in his mind.
Tony’s mind raced as he felt warm blood slide down his arm. Tony spun around, trying to locate Barton, but it was no luck. The streets were crowded, the buildings pressed close together. Tony would have an easier time finding a needle in a haystack than finding the sniper. He darted to the left suddenly, hoping that the awnings branching from the buildings would supply cover from the sharpshooter.
It was usually ‘build this’ or ‘hack that’, the same old spiel that Tony almost had memorized himself. Whatever asshole he was dealing with at the time would make his demands, threaten him with torture. If Tony was lucky, sometimes they would throw the word ‘murder’ around. And then Tony would laugh, crack his jokes, maybe get punched once or twice - life isn’t perfect - and then, cue Happy.
Ever since he woke up, Steve had been staying at SHIELD base. The tiny room was bland and gray, but it gave Steve some comfort. It reminded him of the barracks, something familiar in such a different time.
Tony sighed before looking at his untouched dinner. “Don’t think you’re off the hook, young man,” he said at Pietro. “Your father and I will still be having a talk about your trip to the principal’s office.”
“I know, I know,” Phil said, his hands moving to wipe away the tears from Clint’s face. “I just need you to stay strong a little while longer, okay? Because this,” he said, pointing back to the flames, “was done by bad people. Bad people that, once they figure out you’re not all dead, will continue to hunt you down. Clint, you need to run. They’re still out there and I can’t protect you right now, hell, you can't even protect yourself.
“Well, Stark ran off with the computer holding all of the other potential HYDRA locations,” Sam sighed. “Looks like we’re back to square one.”
Steve hung his head. Steve was no stranger to losing parents pretty early in life, but this? Steve’s heart broke for the kid that lost his parents in such a brutal way. The kid didn’t deserve this, his family didn’t.
A soft moan pulled Steve from his memories. He turned slightly, watching a snoozing Tony twist around in the sheets. Steve shot a hand out, curling it around Tony’s back and tugged, urging the smaller man to rest against his chest. Tony hummed, nuzzling against his skin, doe eyes fluttering open.
“What about JARVIS?” Hill continued. “It’s been three days and JARVIS didn’t think enough to reach out and warn the appropriate parties about his creator’s safety?”
“Now why you saw the need to double check is beyond me,” came a new voice. “I told you that’s what he said,” Sam said, arms crossed over his chest. He was seated on one of the couches, obviously waiting impatiently for their return.
There are so many markets that we’ve been idle in for years, pouring our entire R&D into weaponry. We could change that. We could change the face of the company!”
was even sweating from that exchange. But when it looked like the man would finally answer, he just started laughing.
“You can have it back when you get your life together,” she hissed before pushing the man back down onto the couch. “Drunkard,” she whispered under her breath before breezing out of the room, Clint’s weapons in her hands.
“We mourned you,” he said hollowly, not even turning around. “We all did, in our own way. Christ, I spent this whole time thinking I was part of the reason that you- ” Tony broke off. “They tried to find your body, you know. For Clint’s sake. To give him some closure I guess, I don’t know. It makes sense now why they couldn’t ever find you. They just figured that Pierce had just dumped you in a hole somewhere.”
“I can’t. The only chance we have of bringing Pierce down is coming at him from multiple sides, you know that.”
Hill hummed. “With me,” she answered, not even waiting for his response before turning on here heel and heading towards the elevators in the back. Steve scrambled to follow, trailing behind the woman like a lost puppy. He continued to cast side eyes as they progressed, watching for any sign that was going to immediately turn south. In doing so, he almost missed Hill reach into her back pocket and thrust the contents back towards him, without turning around.
Steve ignored Bucky, barreling past the man and out of his office, leaving the room for the first time in days. He checked the waistband along his back to make sure his sidearm was still there as he took the stairs down to the main level two at a time.
There was a nod and Tony was thrown out of the barrel and on to the floor. Steve knew it was him that moaned softly as he watched Tony cough up lungfuls of water, gasping for a full breath. He was alive. That was all that mattered.
Clint had been doing so well, lately. Well being a relative term, of course. But it seemed that it the recent weeks there had been tiny slivers, echoes of a Clint that the team had been long since buried alongside Phil. But telling him this? Well, Steve honestly didn’t know how Clint would respond. And that was what terrified him the most. Steve didn’t miss the irony of the situation; who knew that such could news would potentially have the most devastating reactions.
Get your shit together before I figure out it’s in my best interest to leave you here so I can have Tony to myself.”
Barnes’ lips formed a grim line. “Steve always saw the best in people; that’s why I don’t think he ever said anything, let alone even notice. But Howard…he always talked about Steve as his.
Natasha nodded. “He’s right. Throwing a curveball like this is the best chance to catch Loki off guard.”
FRIDAY put through the call, only to hear a hysterical Pepper Potts. “Tony?! What the hell are you doing up there?!”
Steve clenched his jaw. He could hear the groan of the metal bars along the side of his bed, bending under the pressure of his hands. He wasn’t sure what words were about to come from his lips, but they never made it out as Steve found himself taking in Hill’s disposition.
“You got a better idea? I’m trying to save your life, asshole. Now, come on.” Barton grabbed him, pulling him out of the room. The hallway was empty, but Loki could still hear the sounds of the other mob members in the distance. He watched as Clint Barton slammed through the door, taking the steps two at a time.
Fury looked between the two of them, but remained slient, only moving to pick up Steve’s list, giving it a cursory glance. “I’ll be right back,” he said out of the blue, standing and walking towards the exit before either he or Tony could protest. The door shut behind him will a sharp thud.
“It won’t,” Coulson stated. “There are no gaps, no loopholes, nothing. I wouldn’t put any of you at risk like that if I didn’t know for sure.”
So Steve Roger’s identity will stay with him. Hammer and The Monger will take care of Stark and the rest of The Commandos, and then they will deliver The Captain to him. And finally, Schmidt's vision would be realized.
Out of fear, Tony had skipped a few more business meetings and public appearances, trying to avoid from stepping outside his office (which he promised The Captain he wouldn’t do; the blonde wanted Tony to keep his routine the same to make everything appear normal).
“You keep refusing to help me and I’ll come back with another. Your choice.” With that, the man stomped out of the room.
had - about Loki. About what he was capable of. But he hadn't listened. And then Thor had left, and Steve watched him go, feeling another supporting strut be knocked out from underneath him. Steve wasn't sure when he'd returned - after watching him leave, Steve wasn't sure if he
“What do we do? Stark’s flown the coop, Barnes is out of commission. We don’t even know where half of our own legion is. Friend, I will never be one to doubt your leadership, but we cannot sit idle. Not while those monsters still roam the streets.”
He flew around the corner to see Steve struggling with five armed guards. "Stop!" he cried out, racing towards the crowd.
It had been the first time he’d met Stark, in person, anyway. He would have to have lived under a rock not to know about one of the largest puppet masters of Manhattan. It was there, in their own home, watching as Stark batted Steve around like a cat with a ball of yarn that he was reminded of the first time he met Riley. Of course, Sam thought that as bad as it was, his and Riley’s first meeting ended a lot better than theirs, considering Steve had Stark pushed up against the wall, snarling in his face, his own gun pointed at the smaller man’s chest.
Tony knew he had seen the missing arm; there was no way he could've missed it. But Rogers wouldn’t take his eyes away the screens, staring straight into the constant jump on the EKG machine. “You saved him,” Rogers whispered, finally able to pull his eyes away from his best friend. He was crying again.
Stepping up to the last door, Steve swung it open, just in time to see Bucky deliver a sharp uppercut to a bound man, the man's head flopping around wildly like a fish out of water. Upon hearing Steve enter, Bucky stopped, panting from exertion.
The strange alien claiming to be a god. The one who laughed the hardest at times, but remained the most stoic at others.
"Ooh, is that coffee? Thank you," he said as he hastily swiped the hot drink right out of Sam's hand.
This one was laced with a certain disappointment. Not as common, Steve had found. He and Bucky had been friends for what seemed like a Millenia, but Steve could still count on one hand the number of times he knew Bucky had been disappointed in him.
The man yanked against his bonds, his screams muffled by the gag placed securely over his mouth. “Oh, of course, the gag. Well, unfortunately, we have wounded upstairs and we shouldn’t disturb them, so if you could just wiggle which one for me, that would- oh. Captain, would you look at this? He’s moving them all. A brave man, this one. Braver than I, I think,” Thor chuckled. “Are you sure?” he asked again to the man, who was shaking his head wildly, trying his best to stop the tremors wracking through his hands. Thor smirked. “As you wish.”
Clint was just as important to Steve. Clint was their lighthouse, their safe haven when they got caught too deep in the world. Clint always knew what they needed, before they even asked. Always had a ridiculous idea for Tony to start for when he was plagued by ghost of his past; always had a new thing for Steve to try for when Steve found himself wishing he died in the ice. Clint never saw them as everyone else did. Never saw them as alcoholic playboys, or washed up national icons. He only saw them as a friend, as family.
“Oh, thank God. Seriously, a hot piece of ass like you, wasted on Hammer? It would have been a tragedy.”
“Well, you’re going to have to sit down long and hard to think, then. The fact that they’re targeting you means serious business. Now, I could give a rat’s ass about what happens to you, but if there’s a potential for a mob war, I need to know about that. I have a city to protect.”
“Yes,” Tony answered breathlessly. He peeked down, Steve’s erection prepped at the starting line, waiting for gun shot.
Door on the handle, she opened it slowly, listening intently for anyone picking up on her presence. Peeking in, she saw bodies littered on the floor, no doubt the press that had come for the PR junket, as well as unsuspecting police officers. That and,
Tony ended the call, before throwing his phone across his office. What the hell was he supposed to do now? He had nothing. Absolutely nothing.
He heard the call disconnect, but he didn’t pull the phone away. For the first time in a long time, he wished he was still that snot-nosed kid, looking down at the people in the street, always at a distance, always
“What are you doing here?” Steve asked. His blood was pounding, his brain screaming at him to charge, to squeeze the life out of the slug in front of him, but Bucky grabbed at his wrist, holding him back.
He was about to call it quits when a man came stumbling out of the back alley, his right leg dragging behind him, both arms wrapped securely around his chest. The man began to limp towards Drumm, a small line of blood followed behind him, like a trail of bread crumbs.
Sighing, he started to walk towards the lab. It was just a little over 3 a.m. No one else should have been up. Key word: should.
There was a tense silence, before Fury started to laugh. “I like you, Romanoff,” he said, finger pointing at her. “Fine,” he continued. “Fair’s fair. You can come with me.”
And with that, Pierce stomped out of his office as quickly as he came in. Steve slumped forward, banging his head against his desk.
Tony sighed. “Listen, there’s still a war going on. The supply has been cut off, but the US army has to meet me halfway. They want guns out of terrorists’ hands? I’ve down my part, now they should do theirs.”
Tony pleaded. “You have to stay with me long enough for me to take you back to your family. You need to see them again.”
Another blast of heat almost knocked him off his feet again, bright flames already trying to lick their way into the new found space. Not waiting for an invitation, Tony stepped into what was once the meeting room, upholstered chairs already aflame and turning to ash around him. He tried to shield himself with his suitcase and jacket as the ceiling crumbled down to the ground, fire and smoke danced within the once solid building.
Steve gave Fury another once over, handing the badge back. “Seems like a lot of trouble to go through just to punk someone,” he said. That and, even if it was a scam, Steve had every confidence that he would be able to overpower the older gentlemen. “What can I do for you, Sir?”
“Yeah, well, someone’s gotta take care of you, since you seem hell bent against it. Besides, have you seen yourself? Stark’s gonna wake up and take one look at you before he goes nuts.”
Steve had initially rolled his eyes, claiming that the man was just lazy, but now he wasn't so sure. In between their recent quarrels with HYDRA, Steve found himself repeatedly ending up in the lab - the room quickly becoming his favorite in their new home. It had started as him staying there as a support for Bucky, but Steve stayed for the pure enjoyment of watching the man work.
Tony narrowed his eyes. “Well, I’m almost sorry too.” Tony rushed forward, pulling the WD 40 out from his back pocket aiming right at Barnes’s gun. The oil spray coated the gun and Barnes’s hand quickly, the other man cursing as he tried to pull his gun away.
“Don’t worry,” Tony soothed. “We’ll get these to everyone else as soon as possible. And then, once we’re all set up, we’ll start talking about step two.”
Steve was still pushed into his shoulder, simultaneously trying to pull away and burrow closer into the familiar body. Clint could barely hear, as both hearing aids had flown out from the brunt of the explosion. Even without them, however, he still managed to hear Steve’s screams.
Tony turned over, so his face rested against Steve’s chest, his calloused hands wrapping around the muscled torso. His breath synced up with the blonde’s easily, as if nothing had happened at all. He felt his eyes flutter shut as Steve’s hand shifted, running through the hairs on the nape of neck. Sleep was coming hard and quick, his body reacting to Steve better than any pill. As he finally slipped away, he couldn’t help but think one final time:
“If Stark could manage this in the sewer, it won’t take him long to perfect his design. We just don’t know how he powered it.”
“Well, Cap,” Tony started, his warm voice tickling Steve’s ear. “If I would’ve known I’d get that reaction, I would have done this days ago,” he chuckled.
saw it," Bucky pushed. "And I know you feel the same way I do; the word anger doesn’t begin to cover it. I brought the others here alive because I knew there was no way that I would have the strength to ignore the urge to kill the one guy if I brought him here alone. And I know you wouldn’t be able to do it either. The way I see it, we can fuck up five times and still have one left over to interrogate.”
A man came tearing through two steel doors, panting loudly as he sprinted down the hallway. He ignored the looks of the armed guards, focusing only on the entrance to the back office.
He heard a moan, so faint that Steve first thought it was a breeze coming out of the vents. But as it got louder, Steve realized that it was Tony, his head turning slightly as he tried to fight his way back into consciousness.
Another day had gone by and his mystery killer still had yet to show up. Tony shuddered at the fact that somewhere out there, this man was coming for him.
He adjusted his grip on his shield, rolling his shoulders. Everyone always gave him shit for using a shield. They said it made no sense; why use a hunk of metal when he had the highest quality guns on hand. But Steve knew better.
Tony hummed, responding to him eagerly. Steve felt a familiar fire build low in his gut, each kiss and touch from Tony just stoking the flames. He already felt the tension building; it was if it was his first time, bumbling hands and whispered curses with an embarrassingly fast crescendo. But it seemed like it was like this was every time with Tony. Each touch, each kiss like a rush no high could get him, an addiction he was more than happy to lose himself too.
The two of them probably looked like idiots, just standing there smiling at each other. It was finally Tony that broke the silence. “Well, it’s getting pretty late, I should- ”
“Alright. Let’s take care of this then,” Everyone in the room startled when Fury finally spoke. “Rogers, lead a team there.”
Steve huffed out a deep breath. “That’s good to hear. You had me worried a few times. Wasn’t sure I passed your first date standards.”
And besides, running wasn’t exactly his style. And it sure as hell wasn’t Clint’s. They’d get through this, like they always had. Phil had seen Clint and The Commando’s deal with HYDRA once. They could do it again. They
Steve spun around to be met with two new faces. One was a gorgeous redhead, with a polite face and kind eyes. Her posture spoke volumes of headmistress, while her aura brought forth a feeling of a loving caretaker.
If the files were in there, he’d have a very small window to place the grenades and detonate. He didn’t want any NYPD or FBI blood on his hands, but he knew that Hill would move quickly to secure the scene for Fury.
None of that was supposed to happen. None of it was part of the plan; none of it was promised to them if they cooperated with the FBI. Bucky had demanded, begged,
With that public knowledge, not only to Stane and Hammer, but to other mobs as well, it wouldn’t be long before every mob in New York would be gunning for the man and all the secrets he held. Steve Rogers and his knowledge were worth starting a mob war over. Sure, Pierce and HYDRA were a devastating force, but trying to get to Steve Rogers before the rest of New York could prove difficult. That’s not even getting started on the backlash he is going to get now that Hammer and Stane know why he wanted The Captain for himself, leaving the two of them to deal with Stark.
Obie nodded, but didn’t say anything in return, watching as Tony retreated to his room to change for the meeting.
Phil gave him a shaky laugh in return. “I’m a crooked cop, Stark. There’s no way I should have known the things that I knew unless I was involved. Fury already had the conclusion, but he and his team couldn’t act on anything without a confession.”
Steve shifted uncomfortably in his seat as James Rhodes glared down at him. Steve had pictured many faces that could have been Rhodes, but never the stern face that stared back at him. Whenever Tony talked about him, Steve could think of him as nothing other than Tony’s version of Bucky. He raved on and on about their college shenanigans, Rhodes basically being a mother hen, trying desperately to keep his wild chick from raining terror down on MIT’s campus, all the while snickering through the foolishness at Tony’s side. From what Steve had gathered, although Rhodes seemed unusual for being a confidant of Tony Stark, the man had been able to keep up with the genius for years, never once faltering from his side. This man standing in front of Steve, however, was nothing like that.
Rogers remembered that Natasha lived with her brother, Clint. They were the only family they had; the two were inseparable.
Natasha rolled her eyes. “Finish breakfast and be downstairs in fifteen. Fury called; we’ve got a job.” Not even waiting for an answer, she sauntered down away from the kitchen and down the hall, towards the elevator.
“Nosey bastard,” Tony answered the AI, no heat in his voice. He patted awkwardly at where Bucky’s arms were wrapped around his middle, the man’s head tucked under the back of his neck. “Buck, come on, baby, work with me here.”
Tony turned at the sound of his name, smiling at Steve over the lip of his mug. “No, thank you, JARVIS,” Steve smirked in return, walking over to Tony, pulling at the other man’s hips until he was snug in his embrace. “I’ll get my caffeine another way,” he added, kissing Tony soundly.
It only accomplished making Steve more worried about the thoughts he’d had earlier in bed. Something was very wrong.
When he heard Tony sigh softly into his mouth, it really hit him. This was real. Tony, alive and warm in his hands, was real. This was real, and he could have this. This was the first of many mornings they’d have. Together.
Steve’s lips couldn’t help but tug into yet another smile. While it should have been considered reckless, Steve admired the fact that Tony stood fearless while staring down at the barrel of HYDRA’s gun.
“Stop,” Clint responded, putting a hand up. “There is a long list of people that can be placed at fault for his death. You’re not one of them. You couldn’t have known that would happen.”
Barton nodded. “You see,” he started. “None of the Lost Boys liked it when Wendy showed up. In some of the older stories, they actually shot Wendy out of the sky when she went flying into Neverland. They were so afraid that Wendy would take Peter away. That they’d wake up one morning and they’d be alone again.”
Tony grumbled some form of response before dutifully standing up, stomping up the lab stairs. The pair made it to the elevator, a comfortable silence falling over them as they waited.
It was the first time he had told Tony, with cheeks flushed and pulse racing, much like he was a fumbling high-schooler all over again. But he’d never forget the way Tony had looked at him. How he’d kissed him, how he’d held him. It was in that moment that he knew that he was completely whole. Knew that he wasn’t too late this time.
Clint's hands balled into fists unconsciously, as if preparing to defend their newest employee. He should have known it wouldn't have taken Stark long to weave himself in with the rest of his family.
Her relationship with The Commandos was her weakness; she was more than aware of that fact. She was positive that if she had told her younger self where she would end up, her past self would reply that she would rather take a bullet to the brain. But now, thinking of the patchwork of people that had joined together and caught her from free fall, Natasha knew that she wouldn’t have it any other way.
“Relax, big guy,” Tony quipped. “JARVIS is an AI. I had him outfitted into the mainframe a while back; he runs the place.”
Steve closed his eyes, letting his body thump against the back wall. God, he missed Tony. He would know what to do. Of course, it if were Tony, he wouldn't have found himself in this situation at all.
“I’m not even going to start this argument with you; I’ll let Tony deal with this when he wakes up,” Pepper responded, her tone trying to come across as light. “Why don’t you go home and clean up? The doctors say it will be a while before he comes around.”
“Of course, Sir. I just thought you might like to know that all of the heat sensors have been triggered at your old warehouse.”
“Steve, while any other day, I would be drooling over the fact that you’d want to do a science experiment, but he’s our son. We are not encouraging this,” Tony snapped.
“That’s what I thought,” Phil muttered. “Fury. He’s different. Nothing gets past him unless he lets it through. It’s alright,” he continued. “I’ve made my bed.”
Tony swung the door open, revealing a darkened staircase. The Commandos followed dutifully, like baby ducks traveling behind their mother as they trekked new territory. It was a short flight down, but it was slow. No light emanated in the stair case, so Steve and the rest of the team had stuck their arms out to keep their balance. Tony, unlike the rest of them, walked down the stairs confidently, as if he’d trodden down them thousands of times before. Finally reaching the bottom, Tony opened a final creaking gate, and led the group into the landing. It was just as dark as the staircase, and cool; they were underground. Tony walked back behind them, only to flick on the overhead lights.
Tony nodded again, flopping back against the mattress. He heard a cap pop, Steve opening the bottle of lube. There was another pause, and Tony couldn’t help but peek up again, watching Steve rub the lube between his fingers. “What are you doing?”
Slipping down the stairs, he reached for the coffee stained mug he had stuck back under the machine last night. He reveled in the silence before taking a large swig. Instantly be found his lips curl in distaste. Tony knew that his industrial coffee machine – that’d he’d designed himself – could store months’ worth of coffee roast. He peaked down at his mug, taking in the rust brown water. It seemed that JARVIS had seemingly upped his game, resorting to watering down the morning cup-of-joe. Tony glared into his AI’s nearest camera but opted not to respond. He’d just be talking to himself, really.
“No offense, Hill, but this really isn’t your style,” Steve replied softly, playing with the frayed edges of the hospital blanket. “You would’ve waited until I was out of the hospital.” He paused, meeting her gaze again. “There’s something else, isn’t there.”
“Because I know he hasn’t,” continued Steve. “And I also know that Tony never misses your phone calls, because the one time he did you scheduled him with contract negotiations for a week in Canada just to get back at him.”
Tony’s mind raced, gears churning at top speed. His captor grinned at him when he saw Tony click all the pieces together.
Clint put a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “Listen, Steve. I’m telling you that downstairs is part of the reason that Tony had to survive on the arc reactor, the reason he was tortured for months, the reason that he can’t even look at a pool. I’m also telling you that Fury and Hill will be dealing with the team, and that strangely enough, all of the security for the cells downstairs is off.”
It was a small signal, but that was all Steve needed. He and Sam had paired up way too often in the old days to still need verbal clues.
And then suddenly everything came crashing together. Time sped forward, people screamed, bullets went flying, glass shattered, tires screeched. And then there was nothing.
“So?” Tony continued when they parted. “Epic road trip across the nation? Maybe we shouldn’t even stop there – does Norway extradite to the United States?”
“No, course not.” Tony tried to shoot a winning smile his way, but he could tell by the wary look he got in response that Steve didn’t believe him.
Steve took a deep breath, readying his shield. He wouldn’t let him get past, wouldn’t let him get to Tony.
It had to be Howard. There was no way it wasn’t. Tony looked enough like Howard, but there was no way that signature facial hair and beady eyes belonged to anyone else.
Natasha looked over at Fury, his gun still aimed. His face was expressionless when he finally holstered the weapon, his eyes only giving a hint of disgust as he looked at the dead man in front of him. “What a waste,” Fury repeated.
The man hung up his phone, and ran a hand through his dark locks. In doing so, he made it more disheveled, but somehow even more perfect. His black hair accented his tanned skin, vacant from a single blemish. And his eyes. Steve was immediately transfixed with those piercing brown eyes, almost like molten amber; the kind of eyes that could take anything apart with a single look. Of course, his look was not complete with perfectly trimmed beard, encasing a confident smirk. Steve knew that smirk anywhere.
Steve pulled back, trailing his fingers down Tony’s face, following the line of his beard. “You look like a man who never got the experience to decide if he wanted it or not.”
“Just, you know, make sure I’m clear before you push the red button, alright? I only got one arm left,” Bucky joke, cackling when Steve shot him a dirty glare.
Steve sighed, plucking Tony’s empty glass out of his hand. Instead of putting the glass back, he found himself refilling the tumbler, as well as pouring another for himself. Steve gave the glass back to Tony, the two of them leaning against Tony’s desk as they stared out the window. “You’re right. This can’t happen again; we need to keep our people safe. HYDRA needs to be dealt with.”
He reached the main entrance of the building, only to see it blocked by rubble. But the trail of blood led out the back exit.
“If you had the choice to do it over,” Bucky started. “If you could go back in time and stop yourself from giving up your identify. If you could stop yourself from dropping everything to be someone new just to stop HYDRA, would you do it? Would you go back, change everything, so you could keep your name and just walk away? Start a new life far away from New York City?”
“It’s for your own good, Steve,” reasoned Clint. “You’re not well, none of us are. We just need to take a few steps back for a while and- ”
“It didn’t matter if you knew I was alive,” Phil sighed, shaking his head slightly. “You said it yourself. They’ve been trying to find my body. I’m sure you joined the search ever since you’ve been brought back home. And I’m hedging to bet that you’ve already coasted through every local and national law enforcement body to try and find me. But you couldn’t, could you?”
“You were the one who decided we needed to have a repeat performance. I’d usually be game to show how a real New Yorker throws down, but I’m gonna tap out this time. Can’t afford to lose any more brain cells.”
“No, you don’t get to do that,” she snapped. “Every single time I bring them up, you brush it off as if it’s nothing, and now it’s been
And then Schmidt happened. And the secrets of the SSR were lost forever. Well, thought to have been lost forever. Steve Rogers held the key to the SSR. He held the key to running New York.
Steve held his hands up in surrender. “Ok, ok!” He stared back up at Tony. “Time travel hasn’t been invented yet. But in thirty years, it will have been. It’s gonna be used by SHIELD, and- ”
“What more could I possibly do?” Steve roared. “How much more do you think I could fuck up? How much more do I have to accomplish before it’s safe to say that I’m royally screwed. My best friend, whom I thought was dead, is now not only anything but that, but now a brainwashed assassin for the very establishment that we spent our entire military careers defeating. An establishment that apparently, despite me driving a plane into the artic, survived and continued to wreak havoc on the world while I took a seventy year ice nap! And oh yes, let’s not forget that even though I had a chance to stop it all, I failed.
“Not the time, Cap. The rest of Hammer’s men ran upstairs. We need to move.” Steve watched as Stark expertly changed clips, reloading both his and Steve’s gun with practiced ease. When Stark caught him watching, he responded. “What, didn’t think I knew how to hold a gun? My family company manufactures weapons; my father didn’t exactly give me Legos to play with growing up. Now, can we go?” Stark gestured to the stairway where gunfire had picked up again.
The world seemed to stop as he stared down the barrel of the gun, watching as the fireman pushed his finger against the trigger.
“You painted Stevie’s ceiling, because you knew he wasn’t thinking. You try and brush everything off, but I have never met a more generous man in my life than you,” Bucky confessed. “You did that, and everything you do out of the kindness in your heart, and you do it without expecting anything in return, and I love you because of that.”
“I leave for like five minutes, Tony," he groaned, unimpressed. "Five fucking minutes and you can’t keep your hands to yourself.”
“Everything. Anything you could think of,” Steve answered truthfully. “Double agent identities, stock pile locations, ammunition drops, addresses of all our informants. The SSR was founded in a time of crisis. It was during the brink of World War II, and the world was floundering, trying to pick up the pieces. Believe it or not, it was the perfect time to set the foundations of an empire.
Tony lurched as Barnes took another sharp turn. Why he decided that it was alright for a one armed man to drive was beyond him. “Am I going the right way?”
The biggest question was how the corn field was able to burn in such a way that only destroyed part of the crops, the burnt plants creating a picture on the ground.
Natasha snorted. “If this mission was supposedly ‘easy’ for you, where did this come from I wonder?” Without a moment’s hesitation, she shot an arm out, punching Clint on his bruised ribs. Clint groaned loudly before falling dramatically off the couch, which was quickly filled by a smiling Natasha.
Tony snorted, clinking their glasses together. “Well I’ll be damned, Barnes, but it looks like we finally found something we can agree on.”
innocent, out of the rest of us. We know that he cut a deal for us at the price of his freedom. We’d like to make some alterations to the deal.”
Tony shrugged. “J couldn’t hold the whole thing by himself; just thought I’d lend a hand. Relax, mother hen, I’m
“We all do,” Tony murmured, glancing over at Steve. Steve couldn’t help but blush, looking away from the intense stare. “Now. Hold on to your hats gentlemen, and be ready to be amazed.”
"Steve, you're going to wear a hole through the floor." Steve looked up, mid pace, to see Tony smirking at him, the man casually draped against a wall.
It wasn’t long before he was slipping in the passenger seat of Coulson’s police cruiser, still eyeing the officer warily. Coulson didn’t seem to notice Tony’s staring, just starting up the car instead, heading back towards Midtown.
"When we got out of school, we were lucky enough to afford an apartment. It wasn’t much, definitely on the shadier side of Brooklyn, but it was home. It wasn’t long before I started coming home to find Cap going at it with another tenant. I tried to step in, more than once, but he stopped me. Every damn time. Said he knew what he was doing.
Of course, the whole crashing a plane in the arctic put him a little behind schedule. But Steve’s guilt followed him everywhere. He needed to own up to at least one crime. Of course, a quick search with JARVIS nearly crushed Steve.
“Who are they?” asked Steve, curiously gazing at the two men tied up, thrashing around against their tight bonds as Clint frowned. He didn’t like where this was heading.
Delmar stood gaping at Barton. The archer rolled his eyes before pressing a button into his hand. A familiar skull-headed octopus button sat in Delmar’s palm.
“No,” Tony lied with a moan, barely able to get it out before his lips were crashing with his. If he needed any final confirmation that his was really Steve, he got it. Kissing Steve always came with a rush that he could never explain, no matter how angry at him he was. He held Tony tightly, reassuring him with each kiss, each touch, but it wasn’t enough.
He could hear The Skull saying something to him, but he could hear nothing over the roaring of his own ears as he watched the other man aim up another shot.
With a completed scan, Tony could send the face out to Quill or Danvers and have the job finished within the hour. But when is life ever that simple?
Steve raised an eyebrow as Tony pulled him over to his new desk. There, atop the dark mahogany was Tony’s suitcase, the one that Steve had seen house a few of his computers while they were first tracking HYDRA.
“And you’re the one who told me I should do something! That I should do what I think is right, not what Steve tells me; especially when that fucker is about to do something dumb. Well, this is me, doing something.”
Bucky watched as the man moved meticulously over the weapon, checking to make sure everything was set before he nocked an arrow against the taut string, drawing his toned arm back. Clint’s breathing slowed, the hunter emerging, stalking his prey.
Barnes groaned softly as he forced himself up, walking towards the door, blankets trailing along the floor with each step. “No,” he retorted. “Thank you.”
Tony beamed, leading him over to where the benches were, pushing Steve down, the blonde groaning with satisfaction as powered jets sent pressure against his back. He peered up at Tony, waiting for him to follow.
save Steve’s life. If there was anything to keep him going in this hellhole, is that Steve is somewhere out there still, looking for a way to bring Tony home.
“Clint, look at me. I’m ok, I’m still here. Everything’s ok now.” Tony could see Clint try to control his breathing, but all he got were more wet gasps. Tony reached up and pulled the other man in a tight embrace. It didn’t matter that he was stuck under rubble in a probably still unsafe building. Clint needed him now. Clint needed him weeks ago, and Tony could only curse himself for not noticing Clint’s absence sooner. He pushed his metaled hands gently through Clint’s hair, as if soothing a child. Tony could slowly feel Clint get control of his breathing, the short pants lengthening out. Another groan in the foundation pulled at Tony’s attention.
“Well figure it out,” Natasha tried to placate, but Tony could see the slight furrow in her brow. “We always do.”
He opened the door slowly, not wanting to wake Tony if the man was sleeping. Peering in, the curtains were closed, and the room was quiet, but that didn’t really surprise Steve. What shot up warning bells in his head was the lack of a blue glow that Steve had gotten used to curling up against.
They walked back up the stairs, heading out of the warehouse. A chirp from Tony’s phone pulled at the engineer’s attention.
He walked over to The Captain’s desk, tearing out drawer after drawer until Tony found an extra side arm. He could hear yelling from the other side of the office door, but Tony paid it no mind. With any luck, someone out there was giving The Captain all the shit he deserves right now.
If Tony could find it, how long before someone else could have done the same thing? Steve’s heart jumped in his throat as he pushed the gas petal harder. He could hear Clint curse into his phone, no doubt calling Bucky.
The Captain huffed before glaring at Tony. “He wanted to know who bombed Stark. My guess is that he already knows it was HYDRA; he just wanted to see if he could get Stark on his side, use him for information,” answered Coulson.
“You're cute, but you're stupid," Tony hissed. "You want to know what else they should have warned you about?” Tony whispered, getting the blonde to lean in towards him.
Tony sighed, rubbing a hand over his face. “Fury is undercover with the FBI, and he has Coulson in custody.” Barnes nodded, already aware of that from Tony just hours previous. “Steve and I, well, we needed a way to get him out, and we talked about cutting another deal with Fury.”
Tony shared a look of confusion with Steve. “Is there something that I’m missing?” Tony questioned. “Why does that matter?”
Bucky dragged him back out until the hallway. “Pick a room, any room. I may or may not have gone above and beyond my duty and brought you six choices.”
that The Captain would have eyes on the file drop, but you just had to go and look anyway. Goddammit; do you realize what you’ve done?”
Tony nodded, looking back to his house. “Ok.” Steve watched as Tony paced around, muttering to himself, before he stopped in front of Steve again. Steve saw his eyes calculating; he could almost hear the gears whirring in his head as he made a decision. With on last deep breath, Tony stuck his hand out.
Tony groaned. “Oh, great, just what I needed. I get stuck with the new kid on the block. What luck. Tell me, good sir, how long do you think you’ll make it out there?”
Tony found himself smiling into the next kiss, giddy with relief. “Besides,” Steve continued. “When am I going to find the time to stare at Kansas floozies when I’m in South Carolina with you?”
Tony shot a fierce grin over his shoulder as he charged up the stairs. “You wouldn’t have it any other way, Cap.”
There was a little part of Steve that just wanted to run. Take the crew and leave; find a new life, new city, far away from HYDRA and the impending doom that stood before them.
He groaned, pushing his face into his hands. Clint jumped when he felt a hand on his shoulder. He wasn’t all that surprised that he didn’t hear Tony sit down next to him.
Steve must have felt him tighten, because he drew his fingers out. “Relax,” he whispered into Tony’s ears. “The first time is always tough. Let me distract you,” he said, grip tightening on his erection that had started to flag. “I’ll take care of you, I promise.”
Tony stopped yet again, looking around. Walking to the left of them was a young woman, balancing shopping bags in both of her arms.
Tony put his arms up apologetically. “Alright, that was shitty. But, I know you’re with me on this one, Barnes. I can help;
And, not that Tony would ever admit, this switch was almost necessary. The original reactor was clunky, a constant weight on his chest that each breath jostled. And while Bruce had told him it would take him a while to get used to his diminished lung capacity, he knew it was more than that. Each day drained more and more from him, the power source seemingly taking energy straight from him. And as exhausted as he was, each night he lay awake with no rest in sight. Laying on his back resulted in wheezing gasps for air as he tried to breath around the crushing mass resting on his chest. But he couldn’t turn over, as the bulky cylinder stuck out from his chest just enough to catch on clothes and leave him unable to lay on his stomach. Every night ended up with him curled in the fetal position on the edge of the bed, shock still, and without a restful sleep.
Iron Man cocked his head to the side as he always did, leaning casually on the side of the building. “Cap,” he chided, the word ending with a small pop. Steve could almost imagine the smirk from behind the shielded faceplate.
"But I've got plenty of officers who witnessed you gun down their friend in cold blood," Pierce winked.
This time, Clint just shrugged nonchalantly. “You said Loki’s smart. He’ll be prepared for our usual techniques. He won’t expect me, though.”
“No kidding,” answered Tony, breathless with amazement. It was a feeling that he loved, he craved over and over again. The initial joy of a successful experiment. While it had been a while since he'd ever doubted his ingenuity, but the hand blasters were something so far from the grid he usually worked with, Tony couldn't help but constantly fret over whether or not they would work. Because, well, his life kind of depended on it. “Now, we should finish- ”
"He's fine," Rhodey assured him. "Nobody else was anywhere near the blast radius. You sure you're okay? Nothing like this has ever happened before."
Steve was a failure. He had no idea why Tony put up with him. Tony always saw himself as the insecure one; he was so sure Steve would pack up and leave. But it was Steve who didn’t deserve Tony. Tony, who always saw him as perfect, as someone who could do no wrong. But Steve was anything but. He was a constant disappointment. Steve would never be good enough for Tony.
Rhodey laughed in response. "Yeah, you're right. But this is some serious stuff. I can call my superiors, ask for an extended leave? I'm not sure if- "
Tony could feel more than see the blush creep up Steve’s neck as it burned into the skin Tony was trying to hide his snickers in. “That’s your own fault, honeybunch. You should have known better.”
“I didn’t exactly get to pick,” Steve replied, following Natasha’s action. “The smell is a new addition, though.”
“You know,” Steve continued. “If you ever wanted to leave. With Clint, of course. Take off somewhere, start a new life? I can make that happen.”
Another wave of pain burned through his chest. “This place is on a pier. There could be water down there to break our fall.”
“That’s as good as it’s going to get,” Yinsen said, throwing the last chair against the door, barring it as best he could.
Stark hissed as he tried to dodge out of Steve’s grip, only to end up stumbling forward towards the ground again. Steve reached out immediately, catching the falling man for about the tenth time that night.
“I’m not interested,” Steve answered immediately, before dropping the phone away from his ear and ending the call.
In the end, Tony wasn’t really sure how he didn’t notice it right off the back. It had felt like a car was sitting on his chest, but Tony had played it off with the rest of the pain coursing through his body. No, it was the buzzing that got his attention. The constant whirring of electricity pulling his attention down to his midsection.
Rogers snapped his eyes to the missing limb. “He would be dead,” he croaked out, almost choking on his words. “He wouldn’t be here, if it wasn’t for you. You saved him.”
“Well, whatever you said must have been something right. I actually ran into him in the kitchen eating breakfast.”
Tony moaned, flopping dramatically on her couch. “As if you read my mind,” he said. “I would love nothing more. Hand her over, Romanoff,” he added, making grabby hands at her laptop sitting on the coffee table. “I was born to be petty.”
“The bomb wasn’t meant for us,” answered Natasha, who had an ear pressed to the police scanner. Steve was surprised they still had it. No one bothered to listen to it after…
“Shut up,” Bucky hissed, slapping the back of Clint’s head. “You really think you could hide this from him? If I didn’t tell him he’d have all our asses. Forgive me for wanting to keep my ass intact.”
This was happening because of him. Coulson was probably dead because of him. Tony couldn’t help but think of Clint, the two of them leaning together at Tony’s first team meeting.
the boys called it. Basically it was this generation’s cocaine, the newest drug on the market. Ten out of ten rating; use for a worthwhile experience.
Tony groaned, putting his head into his hands. That was it. The last location that JARVIS was able to get for him. And just like all of the other locations, he had nothing. Absolutely nothing. HYDRA had fallen off the map yet again, and Tony had nothing else left to find them.
The Captain laughed. “If you were going to do that, you would have done it already. Besides, my bullets are faster than your words.”
Which of course, at the time, Tony thought was sickeningly sweet. Until Pepper had dragged him to God knows how many meetings. Apparently it was ‘his job’. Who knew? What Tony did know, was that he was about two more meetings away from standing in the middle of the street until he gets shot again.
Steve gave a hollow laugh. “Well, now you’re gonna follow my orders and answer some questions. I know you’re not the ring leader. Where’s your boss?”
Tony froze. “You what? You trusted that asshole enough to tell him about Pierce? What if he’s with HYDRA?”
Something cool was pressed up against his lips and Tony opened his mouth on reflex, almost sobbing in relief as cold water washed over the desert that had taken up residence in his throat. It was a mistake, one that he realized too late, to open his eyes. Harsh light burned into his retinas, scorching all the way inside his head.
“Sounds like we should count our blessings,” Stark replied, frowning as he said it, like he didn't believe the words coming out of his mouth either.
Steve gave the man a long look before snapping the club in half, ignoring the offended squawk that followed. “It’s times like this that I think I miss the ice.”
A sharp pain cracked against his cheek, eyes bulging back open at the slap. He groaned, rolling around on the workshop floor, each movement pure agony. “Barton?” he asked weakly.
Anything was better than that first day, when Clint finally came too. The man had been an absolute wreck. No one could even figure out what was spewing out of Clint’s mouth half the time. Hell, it took Thor to try and pin the man down. Of course Clint, being the slippery bastard he was, managed to dart away into the night, no doubt to try and find any sign of Phil. He and Steve had barely managed to catch up to him before Clint was able to charge into the precinct demanding Pierce’s blood.
Clint heard Nat give a small scoff next to him. “The only understanding that’s escaping me right now is why you think I’m going to cooperate with you.”
stuck on the amount of red that would show up in their bank accounts for something that seemingly had zero return. But Clint was persistent, and his enthusiasm was infectious as always, chipping away at them until they caved.
“Well, if HYDRA has all of these men, there’s always the potential for different attack styles,” Natasha offered.
With one final head shake, Stark scoffed. "Figures." Steve watched him press a couple buttons on his phone, before he held it up. Steve watched in awe as an image was projected from his phone and onto the far wall in front of them. On the screen, Steve saw what looked like camera footage by the warehouse where he brought Stark to that morning.
He closed his eyes, trying to get comfortable. He could feel the weight of The Captain’s gaze on him, but Tony never opened his eyes. There were more pressing matters at hand; the last thing Tony needed was another mother henning from the mob boss.
“Why the hell would he- ” Tony handed Steve the picture that Christine had given him, cutting off Steve’s reply. “What is this?”
Bruce reached out and squeezed Natasha’s hand. “Don’t ever feel like you don’t belong, or that we are only here to judge you. You’re the glue that keeps us together. Or, I should say, the glue that keeps our heads out of our asses. We need you.”
“But you did! And here’s what I don’t get. I don’t understand why you get to sit there and yell at me, when I know you would've done the exact same thing. Are you telling me that if you were there as our home burned to the ground, you would’ve took off running? That you would’ve ran to safety and left me to die?”
Pepper pulled out her schedule. “Tony said he wasn’t going to be in the office until next Tuesday. I just assumed it was him trying to lay low and hide from you guys, because you know, you’re supposed to be enemies and such. Tony’s erratic like this anyway, so I didn’t even think twice about it; I can’t even tell you how many surprise trips to Paris we’ve had.”
Months ago, in the midst of their battle with HYDRA and the FBI, the thought was so far from his mind, it was almost laughable. Now, the threat of domesticity was almost daunting. Steve barely knew what to do with his hands without having to hold a gun, let alone plan and maintain a steady relationship.
“Well, if The Captain and his men had been prepared for you, they would have just sprayed your boys down like they were nothing. The fact that they sent one of them back like this? That means they weren’t ready. We got a little too close for them. See this, my friend, is not just a body. It’s a message. The Captain is getting worried. He’s close to slipping.”
“Think about it, Steve,” she continued softly. “JARVIS is offline. You saw the state of the lab. Tony Stark may be a mess, but there is a method to his madness. Someone else was in there poking around.”
“Thor is sitting downstairs with our newest guest and Nat went to go get the doc. Oh, and I called Phil.”
Tony’s hands wound around his neck, his rough fingers threading through the hairs on the nape of his neck. The scratch of his goatee was a welcome sting across his face, complementing the smooth glide of Tony’s tongue. One of them barely had time to take a breath before the other was on them again, taking more and more, never getting enough.
Tony bit his lip to keep from screaming, swiping a full bottle from the bar before retreating down to his lab.
“Oh yeah?” Clint asked, pushing himself up to rest against his elbows. “Sure you wanna ask me? Word on the street is that I’m not too stable right now.”
“- alright, it’s alright, sweetheart, I’m here, now,” Phil hushed, pressing kisses to Clint’s temples.
A tremor below them startled both of the men. “We need to leave. Don’t worry about the suit. We can come back and get it once we know the building’s safe.”
Steve frowned, and could feel his fingers pinch at his skin. “What I said in the beginning? About the victims?” He shrugged, trying to play it off. “I thought it was nice.”
that shit’s just sitting in your chest?” Tony looked up to see Barnes leaning over his shoulder, phone still pressed too his ear.
“Now is so not the time to do this,” Barnes repeated with a hiss, metal hand tugging nervously on his long hair. “Give me the phone!”
Phil pulled back to look up at Clint. “If we’re getting technical, I’m pretty sure I’m a dirty cop too.”
Steve welcomed him, easily taking his burden, just as he always did. He laid there at let Tony sob and scream himself hoarse. Just like everything else, Tony didn’t have much energy left, and it wasn’t long before he was quite again, silent and content to listen to Steve’s heartbeat, breath hitching every now and then.
Hands were on him, pulling him away, but Steve’s eyes never left Tony’s closed ones as he tried to reach back for his husband. He couldn’t leave him. He
As soon as Tony was gone, Bucky grabbed at Steve’s wrist. He could feel the metal joints pinch his skin as the grip tightened. “Steve,” he said.
Unwanted images of Tony bleeding out on the floor next to him, whispering unheard words in the rumble of the pending explosion filtered through his mind. He could see why Tony would have wanted to face the end together; he himself wanted the same. If anything, Steve should have been faster, should have been better, so he could have made his way back to Tony.
He could see Barton clench his jaw, but dutifully raise his gauntleted hand. Tony’s vision was blurred, but he trusted that Clint would be able to hit his mark.
Tony rubbed a hand across the back of his neck. “Yeah, well, genius waits for no one. Now,” he continued, making grabbing hands at Bucky. “Come here.”
His brother was dead, gone before his very eyes. The scepter was the last thing of Loki’s that he could hold on to. The last way he could remember his brother. They would never understand that.
Tony rubbed at his temple. “No. I’m trying- it’s just, there’s nothing! I’ll keep digging, but I think we’re going to need to step out of our comfort zones.”
“You already are by sitting locked up in this room, Steve. Let us help. This is not different than any other job. We trust you, Steve, but you gotta trust us.”
Unfortunately, that didn’t make Alexander Pierce feel any better. Weeks ago, Pierce thought they had finally won; they had finally hit the jackpot. They had a potential location on The Captain’s hideout. Hook had cornered Peter Pan and the Lost Boys. For good this time.
“Ah, yes, Captain Incognito. But maybe that’s what you’re missing: a flair for the dramatic. You need to strut.”
“That deal is already cut and dried. Coulson’s confessed; there isn’t anything you can do for him now.”
He finally allowed himself to slow when he finally made it. His eyes scanned through the crowds, the firemen, the chaos. Until he saw her.
Steve and Tony had dragged the unconscious ‘fireman’ into an open interrogation room, waiting on the other side of the one way mirror, waiting for answers.
WD 40 is a multi-use oil and water-displacing spray. I've heard that when leaving it on a firearm, however, the spray will dry, leaving a gluey residue that could glue up the action of a gun.
Steve watched as Sam put the pieces together. “You’re joking,” Sam deadpanned. “The body?” When Hill nodded, Sam continued. “What would they want with Stark’s body?”
Tony felt some relief come to him knowing that Steve was still somewhere out there. Steve would protect him. It was almost ridiculous how fast Tony had started to trust Steve. Maybe it was the way he talked, or his piercing blue eyes that always seemed to convey a sense of security, but whatever it was, Tony had latched on instantly.
Bucky snorted. Steve definitely picked a winner with that one. Stark paused, and Bucky could hear the faint dulcet tones of Nat’s response and faint laughter.
to be. He had survived a run in with the East River in the middle of winter, so of course he could survive a little bomb. Besides, if Tony’s math was right, which it always was, he took most of the blast by jumping in front of Steve. And while Tony would normally use that instance to get bragging rights for all eternity, he wasn’t feeling much like celebrating.
Maybe by sheer luck, Tony would already be in bed by the time he’d get home and serum would take care of the rest, erasing any evidence before morning came.
Steve huffed but elected to ignore Tony’s comment. The last thing he needed to do was stroke the man’s ego any further.
“But at what cost?” Steve snapped back. “We can’t just hope to have more guns than them. I won’t do that to them, Thor. They may be soldiers, but I’m not about to send them to the front lines of Omaha Beach.”
Barnes scrambled over to his side, eyes wide as they traced over Tony's body, looking for any type of negative reaction. Upon reaching Tony's face, his worried frown turned to a glare, watching as Tony grinned up at him. "I hate you," he grit out, slapping at Tony's shoulder. "Don't ever do that again."
from room to room over the blood roaring through his veins, adrenaline pumping into every inch of him.
Another stream of tears fell down Steve’s face. “I love you,” he whispered into his husband’s hair as he started to gently rock him, humming a long forgotten melody.
If he was being honest, Steve found it easier to accept that one of his roommates was the god of thunder rather than knowing he has access to fresh food 24/7. The team had been staying at the tower for almost a week and Steve was no closer to managing his way around the kitchen.
Tony flushed again, clearing his throat. “Well, that’s good,” he croaked. “Because I also, you know, like him, uh, like that.”
Steve felt his blood turn icy. This was not good. Anonymity was one of his greatest assets; it protected both him and his team. Unmasking Steve Rogers could be disastrous.
Turning completely, Tony was met with a pair of familiar steely blue eyes along with a small smirk, the man completely as ease in full military dress.
"Pepper went with him in the ambulance. She called me on my way over. He's stable right now, but he's isn't responding."
Steve sighed, walking towards his husband. “Well, I’m back. And there’s nothing that I’d like more,” he started, gently taking the drink out of Tony’s hand and pulling him out of the chair, “is to go to bed. So why don’t we- ”
It had been a little harder sneaking out this time, what with Bucky and the rest of his crew hovering over his shoulder. He could only hope that they could forgive him one day. Keeping this from them nearly killed him, but if he had let this opportunity pass, then it would have actually killed them. If there was one thing Steve knew he could still do, it was protect his family one last time.
Steve paused again, fingers tentatively curling around the laminated plastic. Apparently, Hill knowing that he was The Captain wasn’t the worst thing. It was that she knew he was coming here. Another urge to sprint out the front door engulfed him, but Steve refused to stray from his current path. If this was inevitable, he should be counting his blessings that he decided to come alone. Tony would be spared what was to happen on the other side of those elevator doors.
The two took off towards the other pair. Until a shot rang out. Tony stumbled, heart seizing, while Barnes roared. They skid to a halt, waiting to see which figure fell. But nothing happened. Tony was about to open his mouth when another shot sounded, the two men watched in horror as Steve went down.
Steve’s heart jumped in his chest. Tony had been out in the field since he’d been sick, but this was the first time he’d been out where they really had to throw their weight around. Tony was fine, he was
Pierce rubbed a hand across his forehead. “There wasn’t any news about Tony Stark today, was there?”
He turned his focus back towards Wilson. “Listen, there’s something else going on here. Let me talk to Steve and –
Tony squirmed in his hold until they were face to face. “You play dirty, Cap,” the brunette smiled. “Talk like that makes me want to throw you over the nearest flat surface.”
Steve's grip tightened around the small child. He yanked away when he saw Pepper’s hands enter his field of vison to take his son away. “Don’t,” he snapped, letting his ‘Cap voice’, as Tony would say, slip out.
Bucky could only hope that Hill and her men were still clear of the building when the grenades went off. No way they escape prison if they’re dead. Bucky looked back at the flames, the last of the SSR burning within them.
Tony’s newest shipment of arms should keep the military boys happy for a while. It was ingenious, honestly. The law couldn’t touch him. No one in their right mind would have the balls to go after Tony Stark. Not when he was one of the military’s main weapons contractor. They
He could feel the burn return, the incessant need to cross the finish line searing into his brain. But it wasn’t fucking enough. Tony let out a sob, and apparently Steve knew exactly what he needed because the grip on his hips turned to stone, Steve jacking up into Tony in double time.
“Dammit,” Bucky hissed under his breath, clenching his fists. Steve could see the plates shift on his metal arm and he started to think about the phone call he would have to make to Tony about destruction of public property. But then Bucky turned back to him, smiling sweetly. “Fine then. As reparation payment, you have to buy
Phil cursed. “No, no, sweetheart, calm down. They’re not dead. Do you hear me? They’re not dead. Bucky’s alive!”
Tony looked away in shame. He knew none of this was going to go over with the rest of the room, but with each passing second, he couldn’t help but feel more defeated and broken.
“According to the company’s website, the UroClub is a discrete, sanitary way for your urgent relief. Created by a Board Certified Urologist, it looks like an ordinary golf club, but contains a reservoir built into the grip to relieve yourself. The UroClub is leak proof, easy to clean and stops any more embarrassing moments.” A pause. “Shockingly, this product is only seen on early morning informercials. Rarely, at that.”
Rage, all-consuming and overpowering, surged through his veins. “I’m going to kill you,” Steve hissed, charging towards the computer, barely blocked in time by Natasha.
“I’ll be back soon,” Steve repeated, turning back towards Tony. “And then we’ll fix this. I promise.”
Clint thought viciously. But he had no choice here. He couldn't lose any extra chance on finding Stark.
Steve raced up the aisle, his eyes only on Tony and shot the man his biggest smile. Steve was relieved when he saw Tony visibly relax, returning to Steve a blinding smile of his own. Steve reached out and grabbed Tony’s hand immediately, threading his fingers with the comforting calloused digits.
“What?” Tony scoffed. “You heard Fury. This is the chance to start a new life. Why wouldn’t you want to start something fresh in Kansas? You know what? Forget I said anything,” he snapped, eyes burning.
Steve was right. He stayed by Tony’s side for thirty years, showering him with love and happiness. Iron Man was never born. Tony Stark had survived.
Bucky groaned, wishing suddenly that he was still alone. A quick patter of rubber against the pavement and an overwhelming stench of perfume was all the warning he got before Mrs. Danowitz joined their party.
Jarvis had said. Tony never appreciated the sentiment; Jarvis could - and would - tell him that every day and it still didn't matter. It didn't matter as long as Howard never said it as well.
“Sure doesn’t seem that way,” Emily pouted, glancing over to the gaggle of other students. Class had officially ended, but some of the girls were still hanging around, pretending –
Rumlow started to talk again, but was cut off as an opening door whacked him in the back of the head. Rumlow gave a shout of surprise, causing him to fire his weapon. The shot bounced all around the room, getting the attention of everyone in the office.
Sam smiled. “I don’t know, I was kind of enjoying the solitude.” It was a lie, a blatant one, obviously given away by how his hand curled around the phone like a lifeline.
“Really?” Tony chuckled. “What do a couple of law-abiding citizens such as ourselves have that the FBI would be interested in?”
into the mix. The next Zodiac, the next Bundy or Gacy. Hiding in plain sight, no one ever giving them a second glance. The irregularity of the killings was scary enough, but the gall of the murders, the lack of clear motive, seemingly only being influenced by the thrill of the kill, was downright terrifying.
There was something about watching Tony sleep that always struck a fire inside him. Letting Steve see him at his most vulnerable without thinking twice, trusting that Steve would always have his back.
“There was too much risk involved! What if you managed to get The Captain in the blast? We need him alive.”
He stepped out the small room, heading down the stairs and outside to breathe in the familiar New York air.
“But it’s like you said, I don’t sound concerned,” Fury countered. “Because there’s a bigger issue on the table here.”
It slipped out of his mouth before he could stop himself. A final plea from a broken man. He had nothing else to say, nothing else to give, but he couldn't not try anyway. They were everything to him. He wasn't afraid of dying - he was only afraid of dying knowing that others would follow.
"Oh, it does. It's a win-win for everyone," Steve laughed. The elevator stopped and the pair got out, walking towards Tony's car. "Come home with me?" Steve asked, holding the door open for Tony.
Loki opened his mouth again, but Barton held up a finger, looking over towards the door, leaning close. “He should be out of hearing distance,” he whispered, almost to himself. He turned back towards Loki. “We should be good,” he nodded.
Tony’s not an idiot. Mafias are waiting at every turn in New York, and Tony’s skill set always makes him a target.
Steve smacked him on the shoulder, but it was too late. Pepper had caught the comment, and by the way her eyes narrowed slightly, Steve knew that her brain was already putting two and two together. “I see,” was all she said.
What Tony wasn’t expecting, as he continued to shuffle through, was a picture, almost yellow in age, to freeze the blood in his veins.
“No, wait, please! I didn’t know it was The Captain’s men, I was just doing as The Monger asked, I swear!”
The last few flames were finally being quenched. Phil had heard talk of some of the men getting ready to go inside.
He cried out in pain, the close heat from the repulsor beam too close to Tony, the external metal from his own gauntlet warming, starting to burn against his skin.
Tony turned the TV off before the newscaster could finish. The brunette eyed him like he always did, as if trying to find the problem like he would on a machine. It was something Clint had found he liked about Tony, the way that he was always trying to fix and improve, always the engineer. Of course, Tony was used to working with inanimate objects, so watching him flounder about, trying to solve their personal dilemmas - while the man had about the same amount of empathetic delicacy and listening skills as an onion - always made for an entertaining sight. Of course, the only downside to it all, was when trying to be the
The birds had stopped chirping; their daily routine of keeping Tony from wasting away in bed now completed. It would be clear skies today –
Steve replied fiercely. “They’ll never take me from you.” Steve cupped Tony’s face gently in his hands, holding Tony like the precious man he was. Steve peppered butterfly kisses along Tony’s face, until Tony all but collapsed into Steve’s arms. “I won’t let them.”
- while I am trying to keep things as canon as possible, there will be some deviations in the next parts of our story, just purely based on how realistic it would be in this world and where the characters are currently at in the story
Steve’s smile slipped away, thinking about the place they were currently living in. No, it wasn’t home. He and Tony hadn’t had a real home in a long time. They’d tried to stay optimistic, saying that ‘
Tony closed his eyes, letting out a deep breath. Blinking them back open, he turned towards the stairs, starting his journey.
Bucky almost whispered, pain evident in his voice. “I’m not risking you. I’m not sitting on the sidelines for this; not this time.”
Life was messy, stringing the painter along to think they can easily blend their colors together flawlessly, only to blindside them with splashing turmoil and pain across their hard work. Life was cruel, unforgiving, and left stains so dark that they would always show on canvas, for the whole world to see.
“No,” Hammer said, catching their attention. “He wasn’t here. He was going to see you, last I talked to him.”
“Well, Treachery found me not to long after Washington. I was on leave when it happened so I never got caught up in all the mess. The foot soldiers like me were lucky; we weren’t important enough for HYDRA to ever create files on us. SHIELD never figured out who we were; we could slip into hiding easily. But Treachery managed to find me. Said he needed someone with my past experience.”
Raza sneered, the few men be brought with him echoing his statement behind him. “You’ve kept me waiting for days. Do you know how many men I lost last week? The bomb was bad enough, but now I’ve got Commandos picking us off one-by-one.”
Pierce clenched his jaw, but ignored the comment. Loki was still a powerful fore to be reckoned with. He was already fighting a war on too many fronts; he didn’t need to start on another one. “What do you want?”
Good news is is that I have the rest of the story mapped out. What I need to figure out now is how much is actually going to be published.
“Obliviously not well enough, if you’ve dropped your price to just Coulson,” said Fury. “The act of the compromise is an art form, really.”
in the air and they could all no doubt taste it on their tongues, but no one made the first move to address it.
Hill scoffed. “That’s not your decision. This arrangement was already agreed upon by your boss, and you can’t just- ” she was cut off by a wave of Fury’s hand.
Tony nodded. “Sure, there have been hits, but I’m not sure if they’re who we’re looking for. I have JARVIS running a decryption on the people accessing the name, weeding out all the regular nosy hackers. Hopefully we’ll get a location on Hammer or HYDRA in the next few hours.”
When Clint still didn’t look up, Tony’s brow furrowed. Something was wrong. He took in Clint’s appearance. He was a wreck. It looked like he hadn’t showered in days. Dirt and grime covered the man, alongside a snarly beard that had formed. His cheeks were sunken; Clint definitely wasn’t eating right. There was a huge gash along Clint’s side causing blood to slide down onto the suit. And that’s not even mentioning the fact that the man had basically broken on top of Tony.
“Oh, Steve,” Tony sighed, crouching down besides him, trying to pull him up. “I didn’t say it to make you feel bad. I mean, I get it, and- ”
Alright folks, I know it doesn't look like it now but we are almost there! I pinky promise you that romance is on the way in the next few chapters. You guys have been so patient and stuck with this ridiculously slow build, so good news! We're almost there, so just hang in there just for a little longer.
It was just another distraction. As time went on, she stayed less and less. Now that she thought about it, Natasha wasn’t sure the last time she danced herself. She looked down at the slipper again.
And, as always, thank you for following along on this journey. Although we're nowhere near the light at the end of the tunnel, it's nice to know that we're all heading into the storm together.
For the amount of times they’ve tried to kill each other over the past year, it was almost ironic how life kept putting them in the same boat.
Steve smiled softly, looking back at Happy Hogan, Tony’s main bodyguard, still and quiet on his bed. “Have the doctors said anything?”
“Looks like a high-tech glove to me, but what do I know. What I do know is that it gave Stark enough fire power to blast out of the sewers.”
Even with his eyes, Loki was sure that the marksman caught the look of uncertainty shoot across Loki’s face before the bored and blank mask returned. “The archer? Really, Captain, I would have thought I warranted someone a little more capable than him.”
“We’re a man down, so Tony will fill in for Clint. Go with Sam and Bucky round the back; you need to try and get us the high ground. Thor, you’re with me. We’ll charge through the front and let Nat flank through the side. Keep tight against cover, avoid civilian casualties, and no heroics, you got that? Watch the others’ back, and they’ll watch yours. We good?”
“Um, yea. No problem. I’m just gonna- ” Tony found himself pointing to the elevator, walking away slowly before he did anything stupid.
There was a shift in gravity and they were both on the kitchen floor. Steve must have lost his pants at some point because he felt a hard length against his own. Steve reached a hand down and grabbed both, tugging at them roughly.
So, yeah, their first and only meeting had been less than stellar. But from what Tony had seen with The Captain today, it was like staring him down in New Mexico again. Tony didn’t want any part of it.
Steve’s jaw tightened, but didn’t bother responding. Instead, he surged toward Stark, swinging a fist towards his face. It hit the target perfectly, but Stark managed to roll with the blow, the shorter man’s elbow coming up to catch Steve along the side.
Tony glanced down at his injured arm, the previous events flashing through his mind. He smiled, however, when he looked at the neat row of stitches, thinking of the quirky Bruce Banner. Tony had remembered the news plastering the doctor's face all over New York and the world, while the man duked in out with General Ross. What he'd down wad incredible, his inner self whooping for joy as the seemingly timid man did what Tony couldn't manage with his own father. Tony had actually planned on reaching out to the man, only to be devastated when the news reported him deceased. Finding him alive and well was the Holy Grail that Tony didn't know he needed. He couldn’t wait to pick his brain later.
His eyes were blazing, his chest heaving as it was when Hill confronted them into the mansion. Steve felt both him and Rogers be raised in the air. His ears were pounding, his throat constricting. Rogers had hurt Tony, had threatened him. And now, he and Steve were going to die.
Barnes huffed out a harsh breath. “Steve isn’t listening to us. Any lead we bring in, he kills straight on the spot. And now he’s going to meet with Loki? We are so far up shit creek; Steve is going to get himself killed.”
When did the policemen become the politicians? “And I am a citizen of said city. Doesn’t that mean you have to protect me to?”
Mind pumping into overdrive, Steve leaned forward. His eyes fluttered shut as he felt Tony’s warm pants against his lips. One of Steve’s hands drifted up to hold Tony’s neck, pulling him the final few inches to-
No, this man was not a Commando, not a US soldier. Steve had never met this man. And yet he had ruined his life.
“I know what you’re going to do,” Bucky said calmly. “You’re stupid if you think that I’m going to let you.”
The Captain's eyes snapped to the south entrance where a loud bang reverberated through the room, as if it happened on cue, before landing back on Tony. "Oops," the brunette smiled.
“Can we talk about this later?” Tony asked, already rubbing his temples, the impending migraine looming. “I just- I need to- ” he walked away without finishing, ignoring Steve’s calls.
She wasn’t sure what to say to that. She knew that he knew that she would be lying if she said it was fine. She felt the pang of jealously and longing curl in her gut like the unwanted monster it was. But this time she could see the weight that Steve carried in his hands. The price that came with it. And she wasn’t sure she could have handled it herself. “Your happiness is my happiness,” she finally said.
Bucky rubbed a freezing hand over his face as he stomped into the building and up the elevator. It wasn’t long before he found himself parked once again in front of Stark’s door.
“Man, shut the hell up,” Sam snapped, delivering a stomping kick to the man’s chest, sending Ward flying over Fury’s couch. He shot a quick look over at Natasha. “You good?”
"Did you know that not even five months ago, an Army convey was ambushed in Afghanistan? There weren't any survivors. Autopsy shows that the bullets pulled from these soldiers belonged to Stark guns. My guns," Tony spat. "These guns, in the hands of terrorists being used on
“I’m just going to kneel. You see? I’m cooperating,” Steve retorted, keeping his voice calm, trying to be nonthreatening.
I just wanted to- " he paused. "I wonder if this is what my dad felt," he added, before shaking his head again. “I can’t be trusted with this,” he negated. “I just can’t.”
While everything about his current situation was less than ideal, he was unbelievably lucky to have ended up somewhere like this. The woods were peaceful and quiet, offering a sort of solitude that he’d never get in the city. His lungs were always filled with the freshest of air, his nose smelling pines and wildflowers, his ears constantly buzzing with nature and a babbling brook.
“You give me one first! The last we heard, there were two explosions at Stark Industries. Is everyone alright?”
Clint had been away from New York for weeks now, it seemed he forgot that the city was often prone to traffic jams. He slammed on the brakes when he found himself in a major pile up. Cling didn’t have time for this.
Bucky nodded. “Good. Now keep crackin’ on this, well, whatever the hell you’re doing. I’ll send Sam and Clint to the locations where I know are, and we’ll just text them your list.”
“I don’t mind waiting,” Steve replied as he smoothed out the blankets that covered Tony, tucking them tightly against his sides. Sides that were too small,
Bright flames seared into his memory, his sharp eyes taking in every blaze. But he didn’t look away; Clint refused to look away.
Rogers made his way to leave the house when the last door opened. Rogers gasped when he was met by not Clint, but by Rumlow.
Clint ran his hands down Phil's arms, trying to soothe the man. If HYDRA was back, like hell he would let them reach Phil. “I know, it doesn’t make any sense. There have been whispers. Hell, even Sitwell mentioned it. Cap just wants to know if you’ve heard anything around the precinct.”
“What happened last time?” Steve turned at the question, watching Bruce patter into the kitchen with a book tucked under his arm. He made his way over to the fridge, only stopping to pluck Tony’s mug out of his hand and down the rest of the beverage, ignoring Tony’s squawk.
“It’s Loki,” Bucky grit out. “Of course he’s scheming. Loki doesn’t hold allegiances with anyone. He’ll work for whoever can sign the biggest check or who can give him the most power.”
Steve leaned farther over Tony, his tears falling from his cheeks to mix with the blood on the floor. Peter was wailing now, as if he himself felt the anguish his father was in. He could hear footsteps, the sounds of the medical team rushing to his side.
Tony scoffed, jumping out of his stool to pace along the bar. “I’m sorry I kept you in the dark, Obie, but I had too, because I knew you’d try and talk me out of it! This is still my company, and I will do with it what I see fit. We have so much untapped potential, and we’re just
His Tony, who worked through the weekend to build video game controllers that Thor couldn’t even break. His Tony, who had gone out of his way to build a library in the tower just because he’d seen Natasha reading one morning. His Tony, who stored herbal tea in almost every room in the tower so Bruce would always have some on hand. His Tony, who took Clint out in his suit just so he could hear him laugh, the archer always whooping through the air as he flew like he used to in the circus. His Tony, who always kept an open feed of Peter sleeping in his lab, just so he could hear his son’s tiny breaths as he worked. And his Tony, who spent a whole afternoon fixing Steve’s favorite radio, who let Steve drag him to every art gallery, who let Steve love him, who gave him a child. Who gave him life.
“Why bother?” Tony asked over his shoulder, fingers flying across the dusty computer. “You know that we’re gonna have to break it down when we leave.”
“Steve.” The blonde forced himself to meet Pepper’s gaze once again. “I know what you’re doing,” she continued, her voice soothing, like a warm blanket covering his shoulders. “I’m just going to take him back to the tower. I’m going to stay with him the whole night; I’ll even take Happy with me. Besides, JARVIS is still running with every single security protocol that Tony’s installed, not to mention the rest of your team will be on standby. No one will get close to touching Peter. He’ll be as safe as he possibly can be.”
As always, it was the heat that woke him. Cloying and sticky, weighing over him like a blanket. It wasn’t as if New York hadn’t had its blazing days; he could still remember spending most of his childhood summers cooking on the asphalt next to Steve. But here, it was like the humidity had the whole state in a chokehold.
Tony was shaking his head, eyes blinking furiously. “No. I won’t let you," he moaned. "We didn’t spend the past three months slaving away just for you to quit here!”
“We need to find out where the briefing room is,” Natasha responded. “No way it’s on this floor. We need to get there before Fury finishes his arrest and put Pierce down.”
Another door opened, Tony hearing the steps of The Commando’s fill the room, finding their places for their ‘family meeting’, as Cap had put it.
Clint smiled at the concierge before exiting his motel, slipping his bag over his left shoulder. Two days there was long enough; he needed to move on.
Rumlow’s vision went red. Rogers wouldn’t get away with this. Rumlow looked around the room until he found a map with a circled location. The other agents said that the present Steve was there. Which meant Rogers was going there too.
The drive to the factory was quick; Clint was still around the area of their base when Phil had called him, his mournful stumbling not getting him too far. He almost cried in relief when he saw some familiar vehicles in the parking lot. Not even bothering to turn off the car, Clint leapt out, sprinting towards the building.
Steve awoke behind the trees to a man shouting. Looking out he saw the owner of the house pointing a weird mechanism at an assailant. Gasping, Steve reached for his shield and took off across the field.
Steve watched as Thor walked up to Hammer’s man. “Now, I've been told that in your country, the saying is ‘do first, ask questions later’ is very popular. With that in mind, which one of your fingers do you like least?”
Unconsciously, Tony grabbed at a dirty frying pan that had been resting in the sink, waiting to be cleaned. He realized that he probably should go for something with a little more bang – it wasn’t as if he didn’t have a multitude of guns waiting downstairs for him in his workshop. But he didn’t bother. If this was a home invasion, a sick part of Tony hoped that he would get caught in the crossfire.
“Well look who decided to show up.” Rumlow stepped out of the shadows walking up to Barnes’s stump of a body. Putting his gun against Barnes’s temple, he fired.
“Well, I thought I was pretty obvious. We’re back in this together; we’re going to need somewhere to stay, don’t you think?”
It was moments like that that showed Tony how much he relied on Pepper, on how he needed her in his life. She was his lighthouse, a constant beam of light and security that he would be lost without.
“You’re slowing down, Stevie,” soothed Bucky. No matter how much Steve yelled as he fought back, Bucky kelp his voice calm, never yelling back.
Loki laughed louder this time, his condescending tones echoing through the small room. “Like you have anything I could want. No, no, Captain. I need you to
What was better, was that another Avenger, the archer, had showed up on the scene and proceeded to enter the building as well.
Their moment of peace was broken, need and want quickly taking over them. Tony soon started pushing down desperately, grinding down to meet Steve’s thrusts up.
Clint found himself nodding, Phil’s words shaking his core. He was right. HYDRA was still out there. He needed to get to safety. He needed to get his family to safety.
Steve shook his head, his lower lip trembling. “Tony, not today. You can negate me every other day for the rest of my life, but right now you need to let me take care of you. Please
Pierce clenched his hands into fists. “Just say what you need to say and get out before I kill you.”
Clint started to lead Thor out of the cell that Loki was currently housing, when Loki’s voice stopped them. “I can still help you.”
“Come on,” said Tony, dragging Steve from his thoughts. He let Tony pull him into the warehouse and down the stairs. Steve’s breath caught in his throat when he passed the mainframe. He could still see Tony’s blood stained on the floor. Tony immediately reached out for Steve, rubbing soothing circles into his back to reassure Steve that he was still here and breathing.
He had been happy with Tony. If only he had move time with him. Get to tell Tony that he loved him at least one more time. Get to hold him in his arms one last time.
“A name, Captain!” The knife cut deeper, showing bone. Tony gurgled, closing his eyes in resignation. “Do it,” their captor said to the guard. Steve stared as the machete was raised high into the air, one guillotine slice away from making Tony an amputee.
Pepper slapped his chest. “You know what I mean,” she laughed. Another long pause stretched between the pair before she added, “You’re sure about this?”
But just to let you know, I’ve been here the whole time. There are three Avengers in that building and I haven’t seen any come out. Someone should go find them.”
“Oh, and that’s supposed to make me feel better?” Bucky huffed. “I distinctly remember that fucker telling me how nicely my blood would stain on his floors.”
Stark shook his head. “You’re not listening. Let’s say that man is HYDRA. And he saw us meeting, which led to my car exploding.”
Hammer glared at him, urging him to continue. “He tried to tell me something and then- boom. Bullet in the head. All he managed to get out was ‘The Captain’.”
Tony shot him a blank look. “Other kids don’t have superpowers. Now, it’s perfectly normal for you to- ”
Delmar startled, seeing a running Maria Hill charge towards the two. She had one of her guns out, already aiming to fire at them.
Tony hummed in agreement, arm curling around Steve’s neck, keeping him from pulling away. Steve was more than happy to stay, the blonde leaning down further until his body fully engulfed Tony’s, giving Tony access to explore his expansive back.
Maybe Obie was just trying to help, trying to bring Stark Industries to the next stage. But there seemed to be no payoff, and it would put thousands, if not millions at risk. Tony knew that Obie and his father had pulled some daring stunts back in the day to take control of the market, but this was just bat-shit insane. Even with Obie's comments - he couldn't see his dad doing this. His dad had been like him, a consultant, an
Frowning, Tony stepped closer to the man. “What the hell are you doing here?” Barnes still didn’t answer, his punches seemingly getting harder at Tony’s inquiry. Tony walked around and grabbed the back of the sandbag to cease its swinging, staring at the other brunette.  “Shouldn’t you be, oh. I don’t know, on a murder spree right now?” Tony pushed more. That finally broke a grunt from Barnes, the man missing the bag and aiming straight for Tony.
“You’re not helping,” Steve frowned. “People come here for vacation all the time, so it could be a lot worse, right? I mean, people would kill to live in a neighborhood like this.” The blonde was giving him a hopeful look, something that just screamed ‘
“Steve, please. You’re the same person. I know you have the same memories. That means you know me. You know I couldn’t do this, I couldn’t be this person you’re looking for.”
Looking around, Steve saw how the flames were much more pronounced, the blonde unable to find the way that they’d even gotten in.
Steve balled his fists, no doubt trying to rein in his anger. “Check the rest of the base. He could have made off with some of our stuff.”
But, Tony’s incessant tapping wasn’t coming from impatience. The brunette glanced over to The Captain’s closed office door again, thinking of the man inside. Tony would be lying if he didn’t stop to admire the man as he walked in on him sketching just earlier. The man looked almost happy; his face calm as he tracked his pencil with slow, sure movements. The man’s eyes, so determined and focused, almost caring; like his entire world was zoned in on the sketch alone. It was enough to have Tony quivering in his boots.
Steve shook himself from his thoughts. “Sorry, what?” He turned around, starting the trek back to his apartment.
“Will you quit it?” Steve hissed. “I just want to get something nice for Tony. You and I both know that Tony likes these sheets, so ergo, we’re getting some for our bed.”
He really should leave. The Captain didn’t know where they were. Tony could just slip out of their lives forever, building up the walls be had so carelessly let down to work with The Commandos. He could move on.
“I considered that. But then I was thinking. You and Stark have interacted before. You drove him home after I questioned him.”
Stark shrugged. “His body is healing fine; it’s just up to him if he wants to get up or not. If you ask me, he’s taking this nap just to get out of work,” Stark responded with a smile, before looking down at his employee. “What an asshole,” he deadpanned, Steve hearing the underlying affection.
It was enough to drive any man mad. Steve knew because he felt the same way in the hospital. In those first few days, barely lucid and doped out of his mind on drugs, Steve could kid himself by imagining the smaller man, hearing his voice, feeling his touch on his skin, seeing him sit by his bedside. But the drugs wore off and he realized he was alone, trapped in the square room with nothing to do but stare at the starch white ceiling all day and concoct the worst ‘what-if’ scenarios for his lover and his family. If Fury hadn’t taken mercy on him and put his mind to ease, Steve didn’t know what kind of state he would be in now.
Clint stumbled over the same way, just making it out of sight of the incoming police cars for him to collapse to the ground, entire body trembling.
"I did some digging; came across something you might find interesting." Stark pulled out his phone, before looking around the office. "You got a TV in here?"
But he would have to deal with that later; there were other notions that had started to plague his mind, starting right as he shut the door of the blonde's office, his mind finally breaking away from thoughts of The Captain's mouth, only to focus instead on the words the mouth had formed. It was like a flick of a switch. One second, Tony found himself more content than he had ever been in his life, and now he was nervously twitching in his chair, biting off all his nails.
“I’m sorry; I wouldn’t even think to come here unless I knew it was serious,” Coulson managed to stammer out.
He saw the camo sweatshirt and cursed under his breath. Looks like that asshole customer had found out where he lived. Fuck whatever Sparky would have to say about this, this guy was trespassing on his property and he could totally spin this as self-defense.
He still couldn’t figure out how Steve did it; how he brought them all together. They were all so different, so
The door burst open again and both Natasha sand Fury reacted, both their guns trained on the newcomer.
Loki just found himself nodding, following Barton’s lead. They took the long way around to avoid Barnes and the over men, but soon the stairs were back in sight. The two men raced back down, Barton leading Loki into the dark caverns underneath the base.
Steve nodded, yanking at the shelves that were bolted on a swivel, revealing a dated elevator. Wrinkling his nose against the faint waft of stale air, Steve pressed the button on the panel, unused parts squeaking in as the doors opened.
He heard Hill give a countdown on her radio and then Campbell burst through the door, gun raised. They were met with silence. “Clear,” Campbell whispered, but Steve didn’t move. Something wasn’t right. Before he could say anything, gunfire crackled across the building, where Hill was entering with her team. He could see Campbell startle, ready to charge in, but gunfire rained down on him as well, the man hitting the floor, dead.
Steve remembered how his mother had lamented when he first came home from basic training, back before he even knew what the face was. But she had seen the beginnings of it, even then.
Gathering her belongings, she looked around the office one last time. She could stall some more and go through everyone else’s lockers again. It offered some free entertainment every few weeks – per her last perusing, she’d found out that the yoga teacher was having an affair with the soul cycle instructor, and that boot camp instructor was sneaking funds from the charity box. But even the potential thrill of black mailing seemed dull, and Natasha headed for the door. “See ya Wednesday,” she drawled to the empty room.
Tony felt his eyes close, jaw clenching. There. That was it. One simple word to send his world crashing to the ground. One simple word, that’s all it took. That’s all it ever took.
Iron Man. Tony, who puts up a good front, but in the end, is just a lonely, broken man. Tony, who had his life ripped away by his lover, left alone to die.
The last thing Steve heard was a scream of his name before the ice gave way completely, the frozen water of the East River swallowing him, dragging him into the depths.
Steve’s heart soared, blood pumping wildly through his veins. “We’ve gotta find him, Sam. He probably needs medical and- ”
Tony shrugged. To be honest, he just needed something to keep his mind off everything that had happened.
Rogers looked over to see his younger self running towards the two. Steve ran over and tackled Rogers. “WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?!”
Clint wasn’t exactly sure how he ended up where he was, only guided by his grief and guilt. Now, with the news of a lifetime, Clint had never been more desperate to reach out to his team. Which, of course, was seemingly futile as no one was answering.
The man frowned, obviously unpleased. “Fine,” he agreed, but postured, hand trailing over his sidearm in an obvious threat. “But you’re going too,” he continued, nodding towards Sam.
“It wasn’t until she decided to leave that they realized that they didn't want her to go. That it wasn’t just Peter they needed.”
She sat down on the other side of the table, leaning forward so head got a front row at her cleavage. “Oh, I’m sorry. I thought you were someone I knew. My mistake.” She smiled sweetly.
"I said, he's with me," Tony snapped. He pulled Steve away from them, dragging him back into the elevator, fingers jamming the 'Close Door' button before the rest of his security could follow.
Suddenly a claw was in his chest, ripping at the sides of the arc reactor. Tony gasped, begging his arms to move, to do anything, but he was frozen, stuck to watch his mentor pull his heart for his chest. “Would you look at that?” Stane smiled. “You’ve really outdone yourself, boy. It’s beautiful.”
Steve exhaled as a hand finally tore his eyes away. Bruce was shooting him an unimpressed gaze, his fingers grasping Steve’s chin like a scolding mother. “What?” Steve blurted out.
“Are you really making this out to be a bad thing? Their home is gone! There isn’t anywhere for them to hide anymore. They’re wounded now; it’s the perfect time to attack.”
That’s when he saw her. Chocolate brown eyes with equally dark hair shown in the dim lights of the bar. She stared right at Steve, lips curving into a small smile.
Steve knew, as the first punch landed, that it wouldn't be the visual that haunted him for the rest of his life. It would be the sounds, the ones that he that he heard, the ones that he didn’t. Tony just sat there and took it. It was sickening. He didn't bat an eye as they pummeled into his ribs, bruising, if not cracking them. At each slam to the face, Tony would just try and smile, offering a cheeky remark to let Steve know that he was still fighting.
With shaking hands, Steve removed the canvas sack over the victim’s head. Looking down, he was face with an older version of himself. His hair had grayed, and there were age lines etched into his skin, but it was definitely Steve.
He didn’t see Steve as a cash cow, as a dancing monkey. He saw the real Steve and didn’t even know it. He could forget who he was with Tony. Where he’s been, what he’s seen. What he knew.
Tony stomped through his office, slamming the door with a large bang. Not even stopping to take off his jacket, Tony made a beeline to his personal bar. His hands shook with anger as he poured himself a large portion, only to opt to drink straight from the bottle.
Tony walked over to the side of the bed. “Fine,” he shrugged. “You can make something for us, then.”
“Slow,” she frowned. “The coding is complex. If Tony were here, he could probably break through it in a few hours, but… we’ll know eventually.”
Steve frowned at him. “He might not remember the picnic, but he’ll sure as hell remember if his father was there or not.”
“We have something else to give you for that,” Tony added. “Something we know that you don’t have, and that you desperately need.”
Emerald eyes narrowed. “Is that so?” she asked. They both knew he was lying. “You should have said something. We would have been quiet when we got here this morning if you wanted to sleep in.”
And of course, there was always part of him that prayed that maybe one day someone would see them, see the
Tony ran a hand over his goatee, his fingers scraping through the coarse hair. “The Ten Rings? Definitely one of the more seedier groups you'll meet on the street. More of a hit squad than a mob. You have a problem and they’ll take care out it, as long as you make it worth their while. The only loyalty they have is to money. Maybe The Monger is HYDRA's bank; assuming that he had enough influence, he could get the Ten Rings to act as their personal hit squad.”
“Absolutely. Here’s a question for you. If I were to go over there and stick my hand in the fire would you be upset?”
Steve gaped at the man, pausing to admire Tony’s backside before he was stumbling along, tearing off his own pants with far less grace. He jolted when he stepped outside, skin prickling in the cold air, but he dutifully followed a sauntering Tony to the hot tub that was already steaming and alive with multiple jets – the doing of JARVIS, Steve assumed, getting the machine ready as soon as Tony first uttered it in the kitchen.
“Tony? Tony!” Steve found himself crying out for his lover again. It was pointless, he knew. Most of the blood that he found had dried already.
The man shrugged. “Maybe. I’ll run some back traces and see what I find,” he said as he handed Pierce the file.
Tony grinned, moving to change the subject. “So, you’ve got some pretty cramped quarters over in Brooklyn. Guys have a heist coming up?”
His face was twisted and red with anger, as if he was wearing the Skull mask. “He sends his regards,” she said sweetly.
Loki had already confirmed that he was a dead man, so why keep him alive? In fact, it seemed that The Ten Rings were doing everything in their power to keep him alive, if the medical supplies given to Yinsen and the lack of continued violence were to mean anything.
Fury frowned, running a finger over his bottom lip. “Nothing of use,” he admitted. “We know he’s a supplier. We have reports of him dealing with New York’s worst, but we can’t get close to ID’ing him, because anyone who can is already dead.”
Steve jolted, finally taking into the pair of hands that were shaking harshly on his shoulders. A hand moved from his arm, pushing Steve’s head until he was met with a familiar set of kind eyes. “Bruce,” Steve managed to breathe out.
There was no way to say which would be the best route. Sure, the original partnership he had with The Captain and The Commandos had been devastating, almost lethal. But Barnes was right; he wasn't making any progress on his own, and he was miserable. Rogers and his ragtag group of criminals were a constant in his head. They frustrated him, even infuriated him to no end, but they were still there. Stubbornly staying in the forefront in his mind, like an itch he couldn't scratch. After today, he was starting to think that maybe they couldn't move past him either.
Tony had acquired many enemies over the years, whether it be from his past weapon dealings, or his new superhero persona. He knew that he wouldn’t be able to forgive himself if Pepper got hurt because of him.
Coulson broke his gaze away, staring at his bony fingers. “I’ve been made aware of the chain reactions that I’ve caused.” He paused. “Although, I’m sure that certain things were left out for my sanity.”
Steve smirked. “Don’t you get it? Iron Man will never exist, meaning the monsters he created won’t exist either. I have a new future. And it’s not you.”
The pair started to make the journey back to Steve’s office, where the two had been holed up for months, pouring over files and security footage from JARVIS. They had just made it to the bottom of the stairs when -
“Makes me sick,” Bucky added, before turning the TV off. “But, enough of that,” he continued, standing up with a faint grown. “Time to go protect the 1% from us middle-class hooligans.” He slapped a hand against Steve’s shoulder as he walked by. “Go get some sleep, Stevie. And don’t worry about the groceries, I’ll get them on my way home.”
Obviously this is a much longer fic, with an immensely slow build (don't worry, Tony and Steve will be reunited in 2-3 chapters). However, if I wan't to publish as much as I want to, the story will probably hit 200K.
“Clint, I know I said what we needed to talk, but I need to go find this guy. I’m not gonna leave Tony to- ”
Tony’s mind supplied as his nose crinkled against the odors. They were somewhere within New York’s sewer system.
"Exactly." Steve stood up and grabbed his gun, making sure it was loaded. His whole crew was in today; there was no reason for it to be so quiet. Steve checked and made sure that both Bucky and Clint were ready in case he needed back up. Getting a nod from both men, Steve burst from his office, gun raised and ready to -
Steve breathed out a hollow laugh. “They knew Grant was a lie. They knew that Tony was always on our side. They knew everything.”
And maybe that was being selfish, but Steve wasn’t ready to give that up. He couldn’t lose Tony to the name ‘
how could he possibly even consider leaving him to rot with the feds? But if he said something and the team tried to go after him? Tony could only imagine that ending in lifelong prison sentences.
“That’s exactly what you’re going to do. You’re done with this. You’re out. I’ve talked with Pepper. She’s going to take you to Malibu for a while.”
They watched Tony amble over to the kitchen, opening the fridge to pull up a water bottle. The smaller man threw his head back and took long gulps, looking like he was meant to be on the cover of a dirty mag. Tony seemed to make anything and everything sexual, much to Steve’s dismay. Tony gasped as he finished his drink, placing the empty bottle down to stretch his arms above his head. He was talking, Steve thought, but he couldn’t hear over the blood rushing in his ears. Tony brought his hands down –
Silence followed, as Steve tried to ignore the fact that Hill was talking to him. It didn’t matter now, did it? Tony was… dead. He didn’t have to keep any of the man’s secrets anymore. But those secrets, they were all he had. Those quiet moments between the two of them, as Steve sat in his chair while Tony draped himself over his, the one Hill was currently in. Fears, hopes, dreams even, passing between the pair as the hours ticked by.
– but maybe his therapist didn’t think so. He wasn’t sure how Dr. Coulson would be able to determine if he’d been selling classified secrets without directly asking him, but that man was an enigma. Hell, he probably knew more stuff about Steve than he knew himself.
He could see Barton keep peering over his shoulder, eyes wide, just waiting for the rest of the Avengers to catch up with him. Finally, he glared back at Delmar.
Tony kept stepping back while yelling at a dangerous looking man. One wrong step and Tony ended up on his back.
“Look- ” the crook started when a sharp blast from the back of the building had the man dropping his gun and flying into the westward wall. Steve lowered his shield immediately, the familiar sound of a repulsor putting him at ease as a shadow stepped into the light.
The whole reason he had come early was to avoid this situation entirely. It was the only way he could finally do right by Tony. Sure, he’s not exactly a model citizen, but Steve’s laundry list is a lot longer than Tony’s. It would have been more than enough to get Fury to set up a deal. Tony could have the chance of new life, a fresh opportunity without Stane of HYDRA hiding in the shadows. He could move on, forget about this patchwork life he was trying to make work, and start over with a blank slate.
The man was cut off by Tony swinging the suitcase around, clipping the man on the side of the head. He crumpled to the ground, Tony easily snatching the phone from him. Through his blurry vision, Tony managed to type in a number he was loathe to call again.
A soft thud; a kitchen cabinet closing. Feet shuffled on the tiles before a familiar mop of blonde hair popped around the door jam. “Could you give us a little longer?” Steve asked. “I just put a pot of coffee on.”
This time, Tony’s eyes actually cracked open, revealing hazy brown eyes. It was the most beautiful thing Steve had ever seen. Tony’s eyes dragged slowly around the room, finding something to latch on to. Once they made contact with Steve’s red-rimmed ones, Tony’s eyes drew into focus.
He closed his eyes, waiting for the first man to step behind his cover. When he heard a guy to his left, Steve sprung up using the added weight of his makeshift shield to throw the other man to the ground. Not waiting another breath, Steve spun the lid in his hand, bringing it down hard on the man’s skull. He reached for the gun left behind, snapping it up to face the open warehouse, shield raised and ready in his other hand.
Tony narrowed his eyes, trying to think of anything that Wilson would be asking of Barnes to warrant such a reaction.
The elevator beeped its arrival and Clint stepped on, the metal doors cutting off the rest of the conversation.
Steve finally pulled away for air, gasping into to Tony’s neck. Tony quickly took control, ripping at Steve’s clothes, pushing him towards the bed.
The team needed him on this one, draining Bruce completely. All he wanted to do was sleep. Maybe some of the pain would go away. He knew it wouldn’t.
Natasha was left alone at the café table. It wasn’t their fault; they didn’t know about her interrogation techniques. They probably wouldn’t approve anyway.
That night could be seen as both an ending and a beginning. The beginning of Steve Rogers, and the end of Anthony, Howard’s perfect little boy.
“Buck, please,” Steve pleaded. “You’re the only one who won’t fall for his shit. As much as you hate him, Tony Stark is a valuable asset, and we can’t risk him. And we can’t let him risk our family. Please. I need you to do this for me.”
Steve groaned, thrusting into Tony’s hand quickly. Pressing their cocks together was like an electric shock to Steve’s body, the hard muscles rubbing together with fervor. Precome spilled over both of their tips and onto Tony’s hand.
He should have made Steve bring Bucky with. He shouldn’t have let him leave Bucky there. He should’ve convinced Steve. Clint should’ve stayed. He should have known, he should have known, he should have-
But he’d gotten nothing. The only thing he did get, which gave him a semblance of grim satisfaction, was his first handler putting in his two weeks.
Going back to the door, he opened it, Rumlow and his crew busting through, guns at the ready. The strike team began searching his apartment, while Rumlow retreated back to Steve.
Silence. Tony’s cheeks were flushed and angry, but Steve wasn’t sure if it was from the newly discovered side effects from Extremis, or if he was embarrassed. Tony crossed his arms defensively. Embarrassed it was.
“Thor, bring him back. Alive.” The blonde man grinned, nodding before giving chase to the other man.
The smaller man stood tall, the suit perfectly tailored across his well-toned body. His dark brunette hair was styled perfectly, along with the flawless Van Dyke beard that adorned his tanned face. His eyes shown bright under the church’s candles, the warm chestnut orbs alight with amber flecks. He shot Steve a small, shy smile, causing Steve to curse at himself inwardly.
“Well, we better figure it out quick, because Stark is out of warehouses. How much longer until they find something else to attack?”
Steve huffed out a laugh before letting the silence envelope him. Of course, it wouldn’t be like that for long. Just like Bucky, everyone else would be getting ready to start on their morning grind. Working nights and coming home to rest when everyone else started their days seemed like it would have been an issue, but Steve actually found he liked it, able to slip off into a dreamless sleep to the comforting sounds of the neighborhood.
“Hard to forget,” Tony frowned. “It’s just, I…,” he sighed. “That’s where I’m going. That’s where they’re sending me. I called Fury earlier and he agreed; I am accustomed to a certain lifestyle, after all, and I didn’t want to end up staying at Motel 9, you know? No one knows I own property down there, so it’s a perfect get away.” When Steve stared blankly at him, Tony frowned, continuing. “Kind of going out on a limb here, but, you ending up anywhere around there?”
“Well, you just said it was your job, didn’t you? You better be doing a good job if I’m buying you dresses like this.”
Tony heard Barnes struggling to take off his shoes, so he spun back around to the other man, trying to stop him. “Barnes, you’ve got one arm! How are you going to drag him back up? Stay here; I’ll go.”
Steve’s stomach roiled, but he couldn’t stop his feet from dragging himself closer. Maybe there was a scuffle? Whoever was cleaning out shop got into a fight? Was it HYDRA? The Ten Rings? Neither The SSR nor The Commandos never used this place as a dumping ground, so the bodies didn’t come from them.
Steve relinquished his hold on Stark immediately, the other man darting away from his grip. Steve turned to face Stark opposite him, giving him the same death stare he was receiving. He could see people looking at the two of them; they weren’t exactly in private. But it didn’t matter, none of it mattered. Not with what was at stake.
Bucky looked back up at Steve with tears in his eyes. “Steve. I-I couldn’t do it. I couldn’t. I had to see.”
Tony sputtered. “Really? That’s all it took? A cheesy one-liner and now you trust one of New York’s biggest mobs?”
Bruce startled, dropping his groceries. “Uh, yes?” He turned around to find himself faced with an older man, with greying hair and cold blue eyes. “How can I help you?”
“Is that what it said on the warrant? Correct me if I’m wrong, Commissioner, but don’t you only give out warrants to people you’re going to arrest?”
Natasha thought to herself. This is how she ended up sucked into the life of this gang. The undying loyalty, the love they had for each other. Loyalty wasn’t something new for her, but she’d been shocked all those years ago, when Steve first threw together The Commandos, that it could be given without anyone being bought or beaten.
“You sure you want to punch your way out of this one?” Natasha argues. “We can’t exactly go to war against the NYPD. We don’t know who’s dirty, who’s clean.”
Tony pushed the man away and slammed the emergency stop button, the elevator screeching to a halt. "What the hell, Steve?" Tony hissed. "You can't just show up here. It's not safe for you!"
Happy grumbled, but let Steve pass, still putting an arm out to stop Bucky. Ignoring the protests from his friend, Steve pushed backstage, filtering through the crowd of scantily-clad women. Until he saw her.
It was the same old song and dance; one that Tony had lost too many good suits too. If anything, it was just a hassle, and a waste of a perfectly good afternoon. Sometimes Happy, bless his heart, tried to mix it up once in a while so at least Tony could get some enjoyment out of it.
Bucky must echo his sentiments by the way he swaggered over to Tony and pressed himself against the man’s back, wrapping his arms around Tony’s trim waist. “Come into the kitchen looking like that,” Bucky murmured, pressing a kiss on Tony’s neck. “A man might get jealous knowing you’re wearing it for someone else.”
“It was either me or them, Tony. And I chose the family. It wasn’t a hard decision. One that I’d happily make again.”
Steve let go and stepped back, Tony immediately left with the frigid feeling of being alone. His body ever on autopilot, Tony dutifully stepped behind Steve, risking a quick glance back at the storage closest, and the man still housed inside.
The Captain stepped in front of him. “HYDRA is not a superstition; it is real and it is a problem. I need- ”
“Does it look like I care?” Tony hissed, eyes darting back down to the black hole that had engulfed The Captain. They were wasting precious time that they already didn't have.
Bucky sucked in a breath, catching up with Steve. “Natasha's right. If they wanted Tony's weapons, they would have made harder attacks at his stocking locations. That wasn't what they were doing. They were just there to cause a scene and draw us out. It was never about what was in the warehouses. It was about who owned them.”
Tony didn’t realize how far he walked until he hit Central Park. Turns out that even years after his death, Howard still managed to plague his thoughts. Not to mention his fight with Obie. And Happy’s coma. And Rumlow’s background. And Fury’s threats. And The Captain and his merry men. And the constant threat of HYDRA.
Tony’s head snapped up, finally giving Steve a good look at him. His eyes were sunken, skin clammy; Tony looked utterly exhausted. He was still shaking from his burst of power, tears flowing freely to mix in with the cuts that Tony had gotten during the explosion.
A sharp noise broke past his ears, as a man appeared on top of the tarp. On his knees, hands tied behind his back, a canvas bag over his head. Just like the others. The man barely had time to scream before Steve threw his shield at him.
Even after New York, Sam still didn’t return home. He went to Washington D.C. next, intent on tracking down the Riley’s father. He also needed to know about the man his son had become. His father was as polite and as plastic as expected, as any politician would be, but Sam had still fallen for his trap. Had ignored faint memories of Riley telling him about his father, how terrified he had been that he would end up the same way.
Without a second thought Clint charged, jumping on the man’s back and tackling him. The trespasser yelped as they both fell to the ground. His arms flailed and he shoved at Clint with fumbled inexperience. Clint grabbed a handful of dirt and threw it in his face, the other man’s hands trying to block it on instinct. The rest of his body exposed, Clint jabbed a fist into the flesh of his stomach hard, smiling at the man’s pained shout. “What, you didn’t get enough back at the store, asshole? You come waltzing up here to come teach me a lesson? Well, let me tell you- ”
“Schmidt was in over his head, was too power hungry," Pierce replied. "But his ideals were enough to survive. We’re better this time, we’ll win this time.”
“Oh, it’s not,” Tony continued. “But, the design is all original from the prohibition. Seemed like a waste to get rid of history. Besides, old fashioned can be classic.”
He watched as the news played an earlier clip of Loki being shoved into a police car. It was the third time he’d seen the video. He should feel something. Anything, right?
“I know you didn’t,” Obie cut him off, a heavy hand clapping warmly on his shoulder. “What we do isn’t pretty, but it stops the world from falling into chaos.”
“No,” Bucky disagreed. “I don’t think we can put it off any longer. He’s getting worse, Stark. I mean, I just had a conversation with him, but the man that I talked with was not Steve. He’s gonna do something dumb. Like, Loki dumb. Now look, the boys and I were talking. I know we should tell Steve about Loki, but I’m not. I want you too. I want you to come back and tell Steve about Loki, because we haven’t yet. I know it’s a shitty move and you can hate me later, but we need you, Stark. The others… the others don’t believe that you’ll come back. Not after everything that's happened. I know you would’ve, eventually, but we just don't have that kind of time anymore. We just… we’re desperate. And desperate people will do the worst of things if it means protecting your family.”
Yinsen let out a breathy chuckle. “I’m sure I’ll survive.” When Tony didn’t respond, he continued,. “What about you?”
Tony winced. Steve swearing did not mean good things. “Steve, I’ve got a whole lifetime of lunches to have with him. What’s wrong with me missing one?”
He’s the Big Brother of Brooklyn; he’s everywhere and he’s nowhere. He moves so quick that by the time someone catches wind of a potential heist, The Captain and his crew have come and gone, and probably half way through two other jobs. It was because of all this uncertainty that Tony tried to distance himself as much as possible. Tony thrived on information - it was his main currency. He didn't give The Commandos more than a second glance when they first showed up, and then, not even a month later, he was waking up to a morning without the looming threat of HYDRA. Since then, he tried valiantly, collecting any scrap of information that he could on the illusive team, trying to slap together their story. But he's never gotten a full picture. So until then, they remain a threat. One that Tony plans onto continue to avoid.
Steve put his hands up in surrender, but kept pressing forward. “Hill, listen to me. My loop, he’s coming here. All we have to do is wait him out, and kill him right here. It’ll all be over.”
“One day you’re going to realize that you’re in over your head, Stark. There’s a storm coming, and I think you know it. Don’t even bother trying to lie; I know you haven’t told me everything you know. We could have been allies in this, you and I. I think you know who bombed you; you know who’s coming after you. But you’re protecting someone, and now you’re standing in my way. That makes you a threat. A threat that I won’t hesitate to take down if you continue to be a hindrance. You better tread lightly, Stark. There’s a new player on the battlefield, now. And it’s me.”
What Tony wasn’t expecting was a potentially murderous James Barnes whacking the shit out of a punching bag.
Most of the lights were off, but that was hardly surprising. Due to the late hour, Steve knew he wouldn’t run into anyone else. It wouldn’t matter anyway; there was only one man he was looking for.
The Captain rolled his eyes, but Tony could see the underlying smile. “Bombs aren’t really our style.”
Pepper nodded slowly, still gaze still stuck on the glowing orb in her hands. She walked over to the closest lab table and deposited it gently, as if damaging the unit would still hurt Tony. When she walked back over to Tony, he tried to give her an encouraging smile. “You’re doing great already,” he said. “Now, I just need you to grab this,” he continued, pulling her hand to his chest cavity.
“You’re cute when you’re naïve,” Bucky snorted. “How do you think I was able to pay for all our school lunches.”
“Captain!” The man started, freezing for a second when the hulking blonde finally saw their current predicament. “Forgive my intrusion.”
Steve hummed knowingly, sitting down in the chair opposite her, vibrant eyes staring into hers. Despite his track record, Steve could be known to sit back and think things through. He had a mind for strategy, playing out various scenarios in his head before deciding on his next move. She could see his mind whirring, racing through questions she knew he wanted to ask, things he wanted to say, but still, he sat in silence. Waiting for her to make the next move, knowing that nothing he could say could really say what he wanted.
“No, not without you!” Bucky charged, bullets flying around him as he raced towards Steve. The blonde could see the moment one made contact, grazing Bucky’s thigh, the man stumbling, falling to the floor. Steve reached out on instinct, ignoring the searing pain of his body to grab Bucky’s hand and pull him the rest of the way.
“JARVIS, just because you’re not installed in the bedroom does not mean you should use that as an opportunity to disrupt my personal time by other methods.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “JARVIS, save whatever he’s working on,” he said as he walked around Tony’s messy desk, grasping his chair and wheeling it over to the door.
He shouldn't even be here. He should be puttering away in his lab, drinking the finest scotch in his penthouse, having empty sex in his suite. He dabbled in the crime world, sure, everyone needs a hobby. But the past three days had opened up a world that Tony wasn't sure he wanted to be a part of. There was a time that he thought it was all he wanted - but that was a lifetime ago. Back when his parents were still breathing and he gave a shit about what they thought about him. But now, he was different. The life he had was one that he painstakingly built himself. He was happy - and he sure as hell wasn't going to let HYDRA or The Captain take it away from him.
Tony huffed dramatically as he looked up from the project in front of him, turning to face Barnes. The man was trailing the outskirts of his workshop, unconsciously walking the perimeter of the glass-walled room. It was like watching a tiger at the zoo, prowling behind his cage; all that power bottled up behind iron bars, just waiting to be released.
Hill frowned, but didn’t argue. She reached down to her belt and pulled up her walkie-talkie. “May?”
Steve blushed again but Rhodey just scoffed. “Fine. You don’t have to hear it from us. You’ll just hear it from Pepper, then.”
Bruce shook his head. “There isn’t. It’s the same thing with Tony. I was in there for the surgery, Clint. There wasn’t a single bullet in him.”
Steve’s face turned stony. “What, you expect me to just take the money and run? So you can kill Tony?”
Shrill beeps sounded in the room, the warnings echoing throughout the room, bouncing from wall to wall.
That wasn’t right. Wasn’t it? Tony wasn’t Howard; he’d spent a whole lifetime proving that he wasn’t anything like that man.
Tony jumped, his hand going instinctively to cover the arc reactor, the other raising the socket wrench defensively. He stuttered to a halt, however, when he was met with the steely blue eyes of his husband.
Although the meeting had ended, Tony had to entertain the commanding officers while Stane finalized the paperwork. Tony threw in a few fake smiles as he circled the room, nursing a scotch.
It’s alright, I’m here now,” she said, rocking him slightly. She grabbed his face, forcing him to look at her. “This wasn’t your fault, Clint. Those that left were
“Well, believe it or not, most things that involve you worry me,” Pepper snarked back. “It’s kind of my job.”
Steve jumped away from the wall as quickly as he could, just narrowly getting out of the way before the wall was smashed open by and large wrecking ball.
Steve felt Tony’s sharp gasp against his mouth; Steve thought Tony was going to push him away. But then Tony was all over Steve, kissing back with a broken sob, trying to convey all his emotions with a single kiss. “I was so scared, Steve. I thought she was going to kill you,” Tony whispered into Steve’s neck when the two finally broke for air.
“It makes sense,” said Natasha. “The constant attacks, the endless amount of hired guns. Something must have happened if every mob is coming after us. We must have something they want.”
Steve sent a quick glare to the cat before picking the tree off the ground. He grunted softly as he adjusted his grip. A mere sapling was nothing Captain America couldn’t handle, but the last thing Steve needed today was to get covered in dirt from the upturned soil.
Tony sat back down behind a lab table, dropping his head down on top of the cool metal. This was not going as planned.
The woman scrambled to obey, jumping out of the car quickly. “Thanks, sweet cheeks,” Clint winked, hopping in her place, taking off down the street. Normally, grand theft auto wasn’t really his thing, but Clint had to find The Commandos. He had to find Steve.
