“We fucked up pretty badly, don't you think?” John can't help it, suddenly a giggle bubbles up in his throat. If someone is predestined to screw up a fragile love affair, it's them.
John brings his fingers back up to brush over Sherlock's lips, lifting his chin ever so slightly with his thumb.
Sherlock just hunches his shoulders and pulls the hood down over his unwashed tousled curls. John does neither cease nor concede defeat.
What the fuck is wrong with him? This is so very not good! He's nearly slobbering over his totally not interested, probably asexual flatmate, who, in this particular area, has as much experience as a ten year old convent schoolboy. Although, going by the recent state of the Catholic church, this might be a vast misconception. God, this has to stop.
“That... was amazing.” John pants, his thick hard cock oozing, shining with a mixture of saliva and precome.
“Do I know you?” John asks, still wet, just clad in a fluffy towel round his waist. His scar is clearly visible on his shoulder, whitish ridges and grooves against his reddish skin, flushed from the heat of the shower.
“This is nice.” He murmurs, closing his eyes. A sponge comes up to gently wash his chest, circling lower and lower... The last thing John sees are Sherlock's long toes peeking through the surface of the soapy bathwater.
John decides to seize his chance and visits Sherlock at Baker Street where interesting and somewhat illicit events ensue.
He doesn't have to wait long. Sherlock's left hand starts to massage John's arse, his breath huffing over the small of John's back as he murmurs: “Spread your knees a bit wider, John.”
What is my bloody brother doing? What is my country doing? People are exterminated, and he has tea with the king and makes small talk at Whitehall?
If he would be honest with himself, he’d have to confess that, deep down, he knows it's wrong. You shouldn’t fantasise this way about your flatmate, the man you share your living space with. It's unhealthy and invasive. Well, at least it would be if Sherlock knew. Or would it? Perhaps he wants it as badly as John.
Over the next twenty minutes, the moving of John's stuff is forgotten along with those letters as they engage in a rather sexualised wrestling match that William is only too glad to lose. They are panting into each other’s mouth as John whispers: “What was that about your pliant body, your long, white legs, your dark curls between them and your lovely, lovely cock? I have to wholeheartedly agree.”
, Sherlock wants to retort but – even if John does not believe this to be true – he has a sense of common decency; pointing out to your flatmate that you know about his secret sexual proclivities might almost always be frowned upon, to say the least. So Sherlock just shrugs his bony shoulders. He's still not facing John.
Sherlock returns to 221b about two hours later. He'd taken that shower at the hotel, and then decided to walk back home rather than get a cab. He needed time to compose himself.
John presses two pills in Sherlock's palm, then reaches for the water bottle he's also brought with him.
They both stare at each other until Sherlock has mercy and looks away. John tries to swallow but fails.
John glances again at the small cabinet next to Sherlock's bed. “Is it possible that you took something and then fell off the couch high as a kite, hitting your head on the coffee table?”
' and a million other things but that would imply admitting his confusion, so he stays silent instead.
Somehow, in the darkness, John touching him is even more repulsive. John's hands are all over Sherlock's body, who can't see, won't see, despite his eyes being wide open. The contact of skin to skin is random and totally unpredictable. Sherlock can't brace himself against the onslaught. John's heavy breathing echoes in Sherlock's head as sturdy hands stroke his shoulders, grab his waist, his hip, pull him close.
“Well, at least they were still together in 1953. But what is all this about? Sherlock seems to have been some sort of teacher, and a student accused him of sexual assault?”
“Sherlock, what the hell!” John exclaims, pushing Sherlock's hand away, stopping the stupid git from violating his rectum any further. The fountain pen falls to the floor.
During the days, they are usually dressed much more formal. Martha sometimes senses their presence on the stairs, or upstairs, one gazing out of the window, the other leaning against the fireplace. Yet they are not haunting this place, the only hints at their existence a whiff of pipe smoke or the low rasp of a violin at the small hours. They inhabit the house as an immortal entity, their undying love outlasting decades.
I think I look okay -- without a full length mirror it’s hard to know for sure.  I pop into the tiny loo to get a look at my hair and force it into some sort of style.  As I’m flicking one stubborn lock back into place, I hear a soft tap on the glass of the door and my insides suddenly tumble in a frenzy.  Sherlock is here.
Not knowing what to do to further the kiss, Sherlock waited for a cue from John, who, after a while, began to move his mouth, sucking on Sherlock’s lower lip. It felt wonderful, and Sherlock tried to imitate the action on John’s top lip.  John gave an approving moan, which bolstered Sherlock’s confidence. He wanted to be closer, he wanted more, needed to feel John against him, so Sherlock slid his hands over John’s shoulders and reeled him into his embrace. In response, John shifted his own arms so they were wrapped around Sherlock’s back, giving Sherlock the glorious feeling of being surrounded by this surprising man.
“Not really.  I mean, the fact that he turned up at my door seems to be an indication that things are very much not all right.  It’s just not something I would have pictured him doing, hiding out, I mean.  He’s quieter and drawn in on himself.”
A taxi was idling at the pavement with Prince Henry and Major Lestrade seated inside. The Prince was glaring out the open window nearest them, while Lestrade stifled a yawn from the passenger seat. Sherlock considered them briefly and then turned to John.
In my bedroom, there is a folder tucked away in the cupboard of my bedside table, behind a box of mementos, that contains the rest of the completed pages.  I crouch down to retrieve it and place the new pages at the back of the stack, which has gotten noticeably thicker in the last couple months and a spark of pride surges through me over what we’ve created.
As he stacked teacups on the drying rack, John found himself bobbing his head in time with the beat of the song.  Noticing, he straightened up and tried to pretend that he hadn’t been enjoying it.  But now that he was properly listening, the song actually had a groove to it.  Like some of the funk from his teen years, the guitar riff was gritty and sensual; as it washed over him, John could feel it creeping down his spine, reverberating out to his fingertips and down to his toes.
⟪John - It has been pointed out to me that ignoring to your messages is perhaps horribly unfair to you.  While I am clearly unsuited to romantic entanglements, you do deserve better than my silence.  It was a pleasure to meet you and I take responsibility for how this liaison turned out.  I do not think a relationship is a real possibility in my life, not when the work must come first.  I’m sorry.  SH⟫
Sherlock appeared unimpressed by this answer and he walked away, returning to the site of the soldier’s fall. John watched him pace about, studying the ground with a slight frown. After a moment, Sherlock stood upright and turned back to him, an excited grin lighting up his face. “John! A second set of footprints!”
Saturdays are usually a peaceful reprieve after a long week -- the only day I’m in the shop alone, just me and my books.  An odd customer will wander in, usually browse amongst the shelves, occasionally buy something, and then depart, leaving behind nothing but flecks of dust shifting in the sunlight and the sound of the traffic outside, muffled and distorted through the glass.
Beneath his fingers, Sherlock’s skin was pale, smooth and beautiful; John’s hands looked unusually tanned in comparison. He watched in fascination as his fingers travelled across Sherlock’s face, examination long over. Sherlock sat, silent, letting him explore, a soft flush spreading across his cheeks.
Thank you so much for all your comments on this fic so far - they are really keeping me going!!!  You are the best! x
After a brief hesitation, John shook Sherlock’s large hand, warm, sure fingers engulfing his own. “You were correct. Receiving your letter was a surprise. It’s been quite a long time.”
“It is.  It’s very beautiful.”  I reply.  He doesn’t have to know that I’m talking about him and not the bloody garden.
Then Irene was back in his arms and, despite her exaggerated attempts to seduce him with her heated looks and wandering hands, Sherlock found himself enjoying their dance. He had always enjoyed dancing, but he had never been allowed to participate in something as free and wild as the Lindy Hop. Deciding to revel in the opportunity, he allowed himself to be swept up in the dance, while keeping half an eye on John as he struggled through with Molly.
He is fascinating and there were so many things I want to ask him. Just as I open up my mouth to ask one of the many questions rattling around in my head, the bell over the door rings and Anderson stumbles back into the shop, expensive cappuccinos in hand.
John: “I think I’ll just echo what Sherlock has already said. Like him, I feel like we were meant to be together — he is my one true love — but neither of us are easy men to be with and we have had to learn to forgive the small things and recognise what is truly important, which is each other.”
The driver nodded.  “I’d say I’d like the same, but tonight’s an opportunity for cabbies like me.  Lots of money to be made now that the war’s over and people willing to dole out for a taxi after years of walkin’.  Be drivin’ ‘til sunrise, I expect!”
It’s Nicola who finally cracks.  (I’d have put my bet on Molly.)  “I hope this isn’t entirely uncouth, Sherlock, but I absolutely loved
She smiles, a look of understanding on her face, and nods to the pink armchair, the back of which I’m currently gripping so hard my knuckles are turning white.  “Make yourself comfortable -- you’re in for a long afternoon of sitting around while Sherlock gets dolled up.”  And with that, she walks towards a young woman who is speaking on the phone and they have a conversation mostly consisting of gestures.
He turned right, anticipating that his pursuers – surely his absence had been noted by now – would guess he had made a break for the shortest path to freedom, and Sherlock thought it best to avoid the front of the hotel where he might risk being seen by someone who knew him.  The lane was dark and damp, old crates and bits of rubbish lined the walls.  There were two other exits from the hotel leading out onto it, but they looked rarely used.  Sherlock hurried to the end of the lane and turned left at the junction, leading him away from the Ritz.
This was not what he was expecting John to say. He had expected an answer along the lines of ‘exactly what I have been doing, rescuing people’, but then he should have known that John, unsuspecting and seemingly conventional John, would harbour the soul of a romantic.
Sherlock rolls his eyes in return, and appears to be formulating his next sharp comment, perhaps continuing the argument they were having before I entered the room.  The idea that they are going to carry on sniping at each other and ignore the fact that I was threatened, multiple times, by this man pisses me off.
John stares at the ceiling. The beige paint is stained dark yellow from nicotine and flaking where cracks are showing.
What passing-bells for those who die as cattle? I read that somewhere and never quite understood its meaning until now.
Suddenly, the man is much closer, crowding him in against the metal shutter, hovering over him. John can smell tobacco, damp wool and expensive soap. He should push this bloke away and be done with it, but he doesn’t.
As Sherlock literally  waits for the water to boil, he stares into nothing and John is getting a bit alarmed by his unusually tense behaviour. It’s quite unlike Sherlock to act as if … embarrassed, for that would call for retrospective analysis of his deeds, which he’s totally opposed to or ignorant of.
Sherlock immediately rips the towel away – and gasps. Outright gasps! Well, John knows he's rather impressive, but this reaction, coming from Sherlock of all people, who doesn't as much as raise an eyebrow when encountering a severed head in the fridge, is a welcome compliment. John's cock twitches in return, and Sherlock's eyes go wide.
You took the picture from Brighton. Those were the very best of times, weren't there? Now it seems a lifetime ago, yet it was only in June. I'm miserable. At least the French have an infinite supply of cigarettes. And as I have to blend in, I smoke like a chimney. You would hate it.
He looks at John with dark eyes, then pulls him close, their bare chests touching. Their skin is warm and damp, already a little bit sweaty. Sherlock bows further down and presses his lips to the scar on John's shoulder. His tongue is darting out as he licks over the severed flesh and muscle, then transfers his attention to John's collar bone, tentatively dipping into the hollow above with only the tip of his tongue. After a moment, he moves over to the right shoulder, nuzzling, brushing lips and nose over taught tendons. It feels odd when Sherlock's stubble scrapes against John's neck but it is the first time that Sherlock takes his time to explore John's body so he doesn't protest.
As he heard the shower running, he suddenly knew how to proceed. He had done this before. He was good at it. It had never failed to impress.
But John’s not a selfish bloke. After the initial shock is over, he reaches out and finds the man’s waist, drags his fingers down to the fly and unhooks the fastener. There's warm flesh beneath velvety corduroy as lean hips push against his palms. John tugs on a starched shirt until his fingers brush silky skin, almost too smooth to be a man’s. God, if he could only see…
John suddenly doubts that everything is fine with Sherlock. Monosyllabic humming has never occurred before. As one of Sherlock's hands gently strokes the back of John's left thigh, John shifts his head a bit and opens his eyes to peer back at Sherlock, slouched over his body, still wearing his open shirt and slightly creased bespoke trousers.
“If your mouth is as good with other things as it is with multisyllabic words, you might be worth the the money.”
John huffs a laugh and shakes his head. “Well, how about satisfying my outdated chivalrous attitude and give her a fair warning? To make it up to me for calling my parent's marriage a sham?”
“Than you should know that petechiae can also be caused by vomiting, which I did excessively last night, if I remember correctly. Because I was rather drunk.”
John sighs, heavily but dutifully gets up and dresses while Sherlock curses his 'pointless, unnecessary, galling occupation' in quite colourful language, almost whining with frustration as John runs downstairs to get at least a coffee before work. Of course, Sherlock's constant nagging makes it impossible to enjoy even this small comfort.
We are stuck in Tirana, waiting for a boat. I'm hungry. And so tired. My feet are still bleeding. But we made it. I miss you. Sometimes I can't recall you face, John, and that frightens me. Do you still think of me, I wonder?
I tried to research men's underwear from the 1940s as well as cigarette brands and London transport. However, this is porn, not a history book, so there might be historical inconsistencies for which I apologise.
“Someone throttled you. There are actual strangulations marks on your throat and the whites of your eyes show petechiae! Don't even dare to deny it. I'm a bloody doctor, I know about these things!” John’s voice sounds clipped as he confronts his flatmate’s nonchalance. He pushes his chair back and gets up, to be more level with this pain in the ass leaning against their worktop, jauntily blowing on his tea.
“How many secrets are you keeping from me?” John finally asks, his voice conscientiously kept in check.
“Such a waste.” Mycroft sighs. “Neither Sherlock nor you are of any use in a prison. Now, field work, on the other hand...”
“May I ask you something?” John murmurs against Sherlock's by-now-dry and fluffy curls. He smells of rosemary and soap and shaving cream and toothpaste and Sherlock.
“I'll take care of that in the shower, if you don't mind.” Sherlock starts to shuffle back to get up.
After a few moments, Sherlock takes up the violin again. But he refrains from playing something provokingly modern and opts for a more catchy Bach tune.
“But my past doesn't feature shagging half of London. I didn't sell my body to anyone who offered me a fiver!” John explodes, brimming with helpless confusion transformed into vicious anger. He wants to hurt this stupid git, pierce his armour, crack him open and expose him. Know him. Own him.
“God, I want to fuck you so badly.” John groans against Sherlock's jaw before biting down, hard. Sherlock simply falls back onto the mattress, resting his long legs on John’s shoulders, palming his own leaking shaft enticingly.
“Yes, come on. Harder. Give it to me. I need it. I need your cock. Fuck me!” He moans, and doesn't care that he might sound ridiculous. Usually, Sherlock Holmes would never indulge in dirty talk, being too insecure and embarrassed but hiding that behind an aloof, arrogant facade, even in bed. Apparently, Scott doesn't have such qualms. The man paying him might as well benefit from his best performance. Suddenly, it's easy letting go.
Sherlock steps up behind him, tentatively puts his hands on John’s tense shoulders and leans his cheek against the crown of John’s head.
“He was rather smitten.” John says and feels pity for the poor young boy who had the misfortune to fall head over heels for Sherlock Holmes.
William just nods. A slight shiver passes through him, as if someone walked over his grave. He pulls his dressing gown tighter around his light frame and leans a bit into John’s warm, reassuring body. John understands, puts an arm around him and holds him close for a moment.
Sherlock simply gives a curt nod. “Back home. Mummy's sleeping pills and Daddy's Courvoisier. But I just got sick and threw up. Amateurish...” Sherlock sniffs.
John lets his base primal impulses take over, pulls Sherlock close again and continues biting and sucking on Sherlock's neck until he reaches the tender suprasternal notch. He licks there, hastily undoing another button to get better access to Sherlock's collar bone, tasting salty sweat and shaving cream.
John very tenderly brushes the tip of his tongue against Sherlock's lower lip, then opens his mouth and sucks lightly. He closes his eyes and tilts his head just a little bit, changing the angle. Eventually, Sherlock seems to catch on and gives in a little. His mouth relaxes under John's pressure, and suddenly John’s tongue slips past Sherlock's lips and collides with the tip of that usually so very acerbic tongue.
“Bit late for that, don't you think? Besides, I've been young myself. Though I hadn't the fortune to inherit a trust fond. But I too liked to party, back in the days. Even smoked the odd joint.”
“No, John, I am very serious. I'll give you a little demonstration. It's a magic trick. If you know how it was done, it seems rather simple. So! Now, do you all see these ten yards of string?”
“Nothing. It's just... stuff, from before... I don't want it any more, any of it. I think we should start afresh.”
The day dragged on and on, tedious and dull. Nothing captivated Sherlock long enough to let him relax, forget, bury himself in something worth his attention. Around mid-morning, his jealous inquisitiveness got the better of him and he fished John's clothes from last night out of the hamper, sniffing them (stale beer, neutral soap, alcohol hand rub, DKNY for women, JOHN), prying for some clues for infidelity. Infidelity?! That would imply being in a committed relationship. Nevertheless, he was glad when he discovered no tell-tale lipstick stains or residue of vaginal mucus.
Sherlock is not sure what to expect next. There are actually a few possibilities of how this might progress. John might laugh. Or start insulting him. In similar circumstances, he'd been called frigid tart, fucking tease, prude slut (quite an oxymoron, actually), as well as some more colourful names he's chosen to delete.
“Don't we need... something... slippery?” John's asks, suddenly experiencing nerves. He's not getting cold feet but it all of a sudden seems so... real. Face it, Watson, you're about to take it up the arse.
Sherlock still doesn't so much as bat an eyelid. John is very aware of his flatmate’s stillness, because the light from the eyepiece illuminates the upper half of his etheral face, his eyes shining almost turquoise.
The ground floor of 221 Baker Street is quite fittingly occupied by a small bakery. Next to it's bright red store front, however, is a black door that seems to lead to flats above the shop. John takes a deep breath, squares his shoulders, and knocks.
They kiss, softly at first, but then more and more insistently. John's split lip stings but he doesn't care; Sherlock can taste his blood. It's carnal... and very arousing.
Luckily, the Metropolitan and District Line is running without interruptions for once. The air strike last night did hit again the East End, but apparently the more central parts of London were spared. Still, the platforms and cars are crammed, which is annoying as the journey to Baker Street takes nearly half an hour due to the usual delays.
“I'm not lounging. John is inflicting some rather superfluous medical treatment upon me. I'd be therefore much delighted if you could discourage him, Mrs Hudson.”
He's uncircumcised, like John himself. Yet, unlike John, he's shaved. Much more hygenic. John appreciates the effort.
Life, Sherlock muses, drifting in and out of sleep, is infinitely stranger than anything which the mind of man could invent. Most people would not dare to conceive the things which are really mere commonplaces of existence.
Luckily – and from experience - John keeps everything he needs to perform basic surgery in a plastic box stored in the bathroom. But as Sherlock might need more than a local anaesthetic, John remembers confiscating Sherlock's tramadol, only to quickly abandons the thought. He's not sure what exactly Sherlock took last night but strongly suspects that it has been something you shouldn't mix with opioid pain medication. So, all that's on offer is ibuprofen. Its pain-killing properties are pitiful in the face of Sherlock’s injuries but it will, at least, begin the process of reducing the swelling.
To avoid his sensitive flatmate, Sherlock takes the door leading directly into his bedroom, striding with as much dignity as he can muster. On his nightstand rests another glass of water with a packet of ibuprofen next to it. That's … nice. Naive, but nice.
“John, what…?” Oh. OH! Clever, clever John. Just, this isn’t the right time… “I can’t stay. I have to…” Sherlock gestures towards the door. There's still a murderer on the loose.
John knows he should feel ashamed, sitting handcuffed in the back of a black police car – but he doesn't. Instead, he feels almost proud, sitting next to his the man he loves, who doesn't seem fazed by what is happening. Sherlock holds his head high and does neither whine nor plead. He looks the bobby straight in the eye and meets his open contempt with a sneer. Not the wisest move, as it turns out, for it earns him a rather brutal shove when manhandled a little too violently into the font of the vehicle. But it once again proves to John that Sherlock is not a coward.
Confronted with John's misery, Lestrade takes a step towards him. “John, please. You know him best. Back then his world revolved around smack.” Lestrade stuffs his hands into his pockets, turns his head and looks into the distance. He finally seems to have come to a conclusion. “I was working vice at the time. Met him when he got arrested during a drugs bust at some illegal West End club. He was so… different from the other boys. His voice… you couldn’t avoid noticing that he came from some place posh. Well bred. I wondered how he ended up, well, you know… there. We got talking. I bought him a coffee. Despite being high as a kite he was still super smart and sharp, as you can imagine.” Greg smiles a little at the memory.
Sherlock circles John, kissing down from the nape of his neck to his shoulder blades, sucking on each protruding vertebrae. Calloused fingertips brush over John's back, coming to a halt at the waistband of John's pants. While Sherlock rests his cheek against the back of John's head, he skims his palms over John's hips until they press against John's crotch, where his leaking cock has left a wet spot. Sherlock palms it, humming in appreciation as John's cock gives a reciprocal twitch while Sherlock pulls John's back flush against his chest.
John has to swallow twice before he's able to form words, his eyes never leaving Sherlock's fist working his cock.
“How about you?” John is surprised at the blunt question from Sherlock. Usually, he's way more subtle.
John is actually a bit disgusted by himself but Sherlock's lips part eagerly; he tries to go slowly but Sherlock is keen and very determined. John stills again briefly when the tip of his cock hits Sherlock's soft palate; he's afraid he might be hurting him but Sherlock only takes John's left hand and moves it down his throat, pressing it against his larynx. John can feel his cock swell and pulse, and then Sherlock makes a low guttural sound as he tries to take John even deeper and he's lost. His hips start pistoning in an erratic rhythm and he's sure he's choking Sherlock but he can't stop this, can't control this. His hand still rests just above Sherlock's Adams apple, holding on tight, almost blocking Sherlock's windpipe. John is too far gone to care, and then he's coming down Sherlock's throat while Sherlock sucks greedily, gulping for air, not spilling one drop as he swallows everything.
“Terrible weather, isn’t it?” The man asks in a voice that indicates very clearly that he’s not the slightest bit interested in nor bothered by the weather.
“Then stop behaving like one! You got hurt. I saw the bruises. Why won't you tell me what happened?” John refuses to back down and instead tries to reason with his flatmate.
Sherlock takes a case that might end up a bit close to home - but at least it's a welcome distraction, resolving some of the tension that has been building up in 221b over the past few days.
“I'd rather wished for you to have stayed ignorant of these aspects of my past.” Sherlock is surprised that his concern is audible in his voice. He aimed for haughty with a pinch of scorn but sounds worried and rattled instead.
Their eyes lock. John’s pupils are blown wide, his usually azure blue irises turned into a dark navy halo.
John pushes into him with a grunt. There's no elaborate foreplay, they both just need a wild, raw fuck. Which is what they get.
As you might guess, something finally happened. We moved. I'm in Belgium now. Looking for my contact proves to be rather difficult.
Sherlock had leaned back against the cushions, his chest rising and falling rapidly. What was the matter with him? Why couldn't he contain himself, his delirious mind and treacherous body? If just sharing a bed and watching John masturbate had already gained such momentum, what would happen if they engaged in proper intercourse? Sherlock’s inner turmoil between the need to stay in control and the desire to surrender was almost driving him round the bend. Quite reluctantly, he had to admit to himself that he’d been ready to beg ... but for what exactly? More?...  Or less? The thought of offering himself up was as intoxicating as it was petrifying.
When John hadn't come home in the evening, Sherlock feared the worst. After two hours of restless pacing, his patience had been wearing thin. His phone had stayed ominously silent. By about ten o’clock, he’d been sure he'd finally scared John off. John had eventually decided that engaging in homosexual activities wasn't his cup of tea at all. Or, more precisely, engaging in homosexual activities with Sherlock had disappointed John so severely that he had gone for the safe option and chatted up one of his colleagues, perhaps even revived his liaison with Sarah.
“Come over here, you need a glass of water.” If Sherlock throws up, the already mostly ruined   linoleum will be much easier to clean than their supposedly silk Persian rug (it came with Sherlock, so it's probably is a real Kilim).
Despite the leaden weariness spreading through his body John snorts a laugh. “Seriously, Sherlock?” He might never hear Sherlock say I love you but if this is as good as it gets, John's fine with it.
The fighting continues. So many dead. But we are holding our ground. Sometimes we even advance. It's a bloody battle, I can tell you.
John purses his lips but then, what is there to say: “I thought I made myself quite clear about half an hour ago. And, well, you deduced the rest of it yesterday.”
The only word Sherlock seems able to form is an endless litany of “John, John...” His trembling hands roam over John's body, who is still wearing his uniform, his jacket now decorated with stripes of come, his light-blue shirt stuck against his sweaty back, his trousers crumpled. As they kiss and kiss, it becomes evident that John doesn't care that he soils his clothes rubbing himself against Sherlock's trembling body. He'll wear those new stripes as a badge of honour.
“I know you want me to leave. But I won't. Because you need me.” John declares, tightening his grip around Sherlock's waist, pulling him in, holding him close. It's possessive and intimate and absolutely unwanted.
These high spirits carry them through a weekend of reading, tea and telly on John's part and sleeping like dead, experimenting with concentrated hydrochloric acid and composing an etude on Sherlock's, respectively.
John dabs at his lip until the bleeding slows. Then he strides past Sherlock into the bathroom to inspect the damage. Sherlock trails behind.
“As much as I sometimes hate my brother, I have to say that this was actually pretty decent of him.” Sherlock mumbles against John's pectorals. His muscles have become quite defined, a fact Sherlock appreciates very much.
Sherlock sighs. “My brother found some... suitable work for me. And I was in no position to refuse, hence he literally saved my neck. I'd like to tell you more but then I'll have to kill you afterwards. Unless you've signed the OSA.” Sherlock cracks a somewhat acerbic smile.
It's even better than John had imagined in his embarrassingly numerous self-administered orgasms. Sherlock's impossibly lush lips are stretched tight around his shaft, which is glistening wet with saliva. Sherlock sucks him in greedily and as John cups his cheek, he can feel himself move inside Sherlock's mouth. John's balls tighten as heat pools between his legs, making his cock twitch, but he doesn't want to finish just yet. He grabs the back of Sherlock's head and jerks, hard, pulling him back and off. Sherlock looks up at John then, but instead of dark and hooded, his eyes are cold and grey; his face a white marble mask displaying an expression of curious detachment mixed with determined scrutiny. There is no passion in his gaze; it's more like he's been performing some mechanical task he neither especially favours nor despises.
Strange, Sherlock thinks. John likes to look at him, even more so now that he feels he's allowed to do it openly and with appreciation.
Sherlock seems slightly annoyed by the unwanted attention towards his attire. “You are wasting time. Let us get down to the facts.”
“Am I detecting a submissive streak, Captain?” Sherlock asks and it doesn't sound nearly as sassy as it is intended because the line is delivered in a somewhat raw and throaty voice.
But he couldn't help it. Sherlock had returned again and again to the images of John retained upon his sensory cortex, his limbic system supplying him with graphic memories of their encounter while his pituitary gland had polluted his body with random doses of oxytocin. It had been rather appalling.
“Shut up and suck.” He growls as he shoves his cock back into that enticing, sassy, too eloquent mouth.
Cold horror creeps down John’s spine to pool, leaden, in his gut. “I’m not sure we are on the same page here, Greg.” His voice cracks.
So, what is he to do about it? He could hide. He could play dumb. Or he could face his responsibilities. Silence might be Sherlock's weapon of choice, but it isn't John's.
“You don't know?” John repeats flatly. He'd hoped for something more decisive, an explanation, perhaps, but well, it's not a
“Why did you decide against returning home?” He asks eventually trying to sound as casual as possible.
Sherlock, continuously rubbing himself against John, doesn't make things any easier. Neither does his low and surprisingly coy question “May I... do... a thing?”
OK, this is getting too close to home. As both outright denial and well aimed insults have failed, Sherlock eventually sees but one last resort: call on John's compassion. It's a little bit ignominious and it makes him feel sleazy but John gives him no choice. Sherlock casts his eyes down and bites his lower lip, displaying a level of vulnerability he knows John finds impossible to resist.
Sadly, the next morning starts nothing like the last one. They are rudely woken by John's mobile at around six thirty. Sherlock's head rests low on Johns stomach (god, this could have been really promising under different circumstances) and John has to forcibly push Sherlock away then crawl over his warm, inviting body to reach for his phone. By the time he's answered the insistent ringing, they are both wide awake. It's the clinic. A stomach bug seems to have incapacitated half the staff and as there's a flu epidemic spreading. They are in urgent need of staff. Could John come in A.S.A.P.?
William toys with a spring role. “We'll see.” Yet John knows that he’s a little excited as well to delve back into the past. As if to challenge this unspoken assumption, William continues: “I can see that you are imagining all sorts of adventurous entanglements, John. But reality might have been much more trivial or harsher.” Is he trying to curb John’s enthusiasm – or his own?
They both need a few minutes. John occupies himself with brewing two cuppas while William breathes in and out, counting to four, until his heartbeat slows down.
Walter is a blustering bore afterwards, going endlessly on and on about racial purity, the noblest love being that between two men, about the Arian tradition of the Friedelehe, the struggle the German race is fighting, the bonding of blood and tosh like that. It repels me even more than the act itself. I try to tune him out but then he might let something important slip between his rants. It's tedious in the extreme.
John had to reach the age of 32 to live the summer of his life. Despite bombs raining down on the capital, despite rationing, despite his work load increasing with more and more casualties… he’s never been so happy. No, happy isn’t the adequate word for how he feels – exhilarated, sanguine, vibrant; those are much better terms to describe his state.
“God, John, no! Do you listen to me, or are you just indulging in one of your self-destructive fits, butchering your confidence by falsely blaming yourself?”
It had been carnal and very physical, an almost brutal fuck instead of the sensuous lovemaking of times gone by. Sherlock had bitten and torn at every inch of John's bare skin he'd been able to reach but had shied away when John had tried to reciprocate. They'd collapsed onto the carpet afterwards and held each other, stroking, panting until they'd fallen asleep; they'd paid the next morning with stiff limbs and aching joints.
It takes all the strength he can muster to stride past John, back into the kitchen, lowering himself onto his chair; to preen down his microscope as if it's about to reveal the panacea for all human suffering, from the common cold to back taxes.
Sherlock doesn't relent as John starts to quiver and thrust but continues to push his tongue into John's hole even more forcefully until he can sense John's orgasm ebbing. Only when John's shuddering convulsions recede does Sherlock remove his mouth to rests his cheek on one of John's buttocks.
“To whom was he writing?” William sinks down onto the bed as well and snatches the box from John's hands. “My love, Love, My Dearest... Ah, here... My dearest Sherlock.” He drops the letter as if it's suddenly on fire. “Sherlock?!”
“Something like that, yes. Grandfather was highly aware of traditions and manners. Family reputation and all that.” William smiles a crooked smile. “It angered him immensely that I didn't give a toss.”
“Sorry, what? Sucking my cock in our sitting room is your way of saying sorry for being an utter dick all evening?”
Sherlock shakes his head, remembering too late that this might not be a good idea. He has to close his eyes and swallow hard but then his knees buckle and threaten to give out and John has no choice but to grab the flailing body in front of him. andHe holds him close, as he more or less drags Sherlock over into the kitchen where he deposits his wasted friend on a chair.
“Nonsense. You look rather tense. Come on.” Sherlock strides off down a corridor. At its end, there's a door to a large bathroom equipped with a claw footed tub. Hot water is already running as John enters.
Sherlock dreams taking John's hand and flying out of their sitting room window holding him tight, hovering over the great city, gently removing the roofs and peeping in at the queer things which are going on, the strange coincidences, the plannings, the cross-purposes, the wonderful chains of events, working through generations and leading to the most outré results. It makes all fiction with its conventionalities and foreseen conclusions most stale and unprofitable.
Truth be told, John Watson, CEO of one of the most affluent hedge fonds traded at the NYSE, could afford to order an escort from one of the most prolific agencies catering to people in his position and with his tastes. He could choose from a mouthwatering menu of debauchery, offered to him on a plate. Yet he's strolling the dark streets of the Meatpacking District behind the Whitney Museum, looking for a different kind of meat than that being processed in the still numerous butchers and warehouses.
John injects some lidocaine with steady hands, disinfects the wound (at which Sherlock inhales sharply), then stitches it up with expertise. Afterwards, he applies some antiseptic ointment and a gauze dressing.
John holds him at arm’s length, shrugs, then smooths down Sherlock's t-shirt that has ridden up almost to the middle of his back. It's then that he more feels then sees it. And Sherlock registers. Of course he does. John's eyes widen in shock; he can't feign not noticing. “God, Sherlock, what...?”
I finally met my contact in Berlin. My target's name is Walter. We saw each other briefly in The Hague and, apparently, he thinks that I distinguished myself. I don't like this assumption. He's also rather Anglophile, perhaps that's why he chose me. I remember a conversation we had about London. Anyway, as he's now taking over from Jost, he wants to bring his own people in. I'll start tomorrow.
“Let me!” Sherlock demands, his voice tight and high. It's almost a whine but John doesn't give in. Instead, he hurls one arm around Sherlock's waist to prevent him from struggling and brushes up the shirt and hoodie with his free hand while pinning Sherlock face down against the door
“Get them.” Sherlock growls. John jumps out of bed and sprints up the stairs, taking two steps at a time (which must look rather undignified for a middle aged British male with a hard-on but John doesn't give a fuck right now). He rummages through the drawer of his bedside table, finds a pack of condoms – red, strawberry flavour, but sod it – and is down in their bedroom barely 30 seconds after leaving, tossing the blister pack in Sherlock's outreached hand. Sherlock frowns a bit when he sees the fancy label but John just shrugs and grins.
They feel surprisingly soft. Though unrelenting. Sherlock just lies very still – is he even breathing? - and lets John's lips touch his.
“Where have you been?” This is not a talk anymore, it's an interrogation and, as John has served in Afghanistan, he knows how to go about it.
We landed tonight near Bari and are now marching north-west, to unite with the 2nd Special Service Brigade near Anzio. The weather is bright. There are groves of pear and orange trees hung with fruit. It's like the land of milk and honey, John. Apropos, I hope Agnieszka still tends to the beehives. I can't remember when I last saw an orange. We picked some and were almost crying with delight. They taste sweet and tangy. God, it's lovely!
“No, you just told me you weren't.” Sherlock had stalked over and unceremoniously taken the sheets from John's hands. Now he's furiously leafing through the broadsheet, crumpling the pages, carelessly tossing aside the whole sports section, the TV schedule and the feuilleton. “Now, where is it? Where
Thank you for reading! I'll update every three to four weeks but you'll get rather long chapters for it. Please be patient, this just takes some time...
Sherlock bites the inside of his cheek. John usually hates this name! Well, usually… usually John doesn’t hire escorts either. But this is not John, not tonight. And he’s not Sherlock, he’s Scott…
Eventually, Sherlock switches of the lights as he retreats to his large, empty double bed. As much as he would like to share it, he's too afraid to allow for the candour that would be required to do so.
He's seen Sherlock starkers. That's unavoidable if one's flatmate has the habit of wandering the shared rooms just wrapped up in a thin sheet. So John has quite accurate data to extrapolate from. He knows that the dark hair between Sherlock's legs surrounds a strikingly impressive cock, even in its flaccid state. It's long and rather thick and John wants to see Sherlock's elegant pale fingers wrapped around it, wants to make him tug rough and firm, then to slow down and just tease himself a little, until Sherlock’s creamy skin is flushed pink and he's positively gagging for it.
“What a shame. He doesn’t know what he’s missing.” John breathes against the delicate shell of Sherlock’s ear before tilting his head and finally crushing their lips together, licking his way into Sherlock’s hot, wet mouth.
For John would have been right, wouldn't he, bearing in mind what Sherlock held in store for him? If Sherlock could be persuaded to engage in hands-on sexual exercises at all, he was but damaged, tainted. If John had known... there were a bunch of occurrences in Sherlock's past very likely to repel even someone as persistently permissive as John H. Watson. Or, worse, someone like John would feel obliged to be considerate, to treat carefully and act appreciatively. Sherlock instinctively recoiled.
Sherlock just shrugs. “So, where does this leave us?” Neither man can look at the other. Sherlock twiddles with a thread of the duvet while John scrutinises the ceiling.
This will haunt me for the rest of my life. We failed those people, John. Now we have to live with our shame and our guilt.
They stay like this for some minutes. John takes in Sherlock, his eyes wide and dark, lips slightly parted, hair in disarray. He is so pale and thin, nearly translucent; it makes something inside John ache.
God, I long for you to touch me, to put your mouth on me and do wicked things to me. There are some pretty boys around, offering their services, but I can't... I don't want to debase myself. In the end, it comes down to money exchanged for services rendered. Pathetic.
But Sherlock nonetheless bends his knee, and John pulls it upwards to reach between his legs, smearing his inner thighs, his perineum and his balls with yet more lube.
“Ok. Fine. Great. That's settled then.” John coughs, unsure of what else there is to say. Plenty, apparently, but he feels exhausted and tired and exposed. So he retreats. “Good night, Sherlock.” That said, John turns and starts to leave, only to be called to a stop by Sherlock's voice as he's half way through the door.
Sherlock's hot breath huffs against John's skin through the thin fabric as he snorts a laugh. “It's still illegal, the way I am. You think I make a habit out of picking up strangers, giving them my name and address. To seduce them?”
“Ok?” John mumbles and as an answer, Sherlock tilts his head back and exposes even more of his long pale throat. John takes it as consent.
What is happening to me? What am I becoming? I smoke too much and drink too much and just try to forget, to pass out into a dreamless, drunken stupor.
The weekend turns into a nightmare. Sherlock potters about but gets more and more irritated as experiments don't bring the desired results and there’s a heartfelt shortage of alluringly bloody murder. As if to provoke one, Sherlock bangs doors and shouts at no one in particular, before rushing out of the flat in a surge of billowing coat and bad temper just as John reclaims the sofa to watch the news at ten.
John tries to reach for Sherlock's cock but Sherlock is faster, sinking to his knees to undo his boots. He has to do so blindly because John grabs his short dark curls and presses his face against his groin. Sherlock can feel the already hard length beneath the abrasive wool pulsing and mouths it greedily while attempting to untie his laces, cursing the knots under his breath in colourful language.
“Well, and I really liked Irene. And Agnieszka. Who knows what might have happened if I stayed with her longer, or if she hadn't been such a devout catholic... It's this crazy war. It makes us do crazy things we later regret.” He rolls off of John and rests his head on one of the lumpy pillows.
John has to cover his eyes with his free hand as Sherlock slides down from his bed and onto his knees on the floor boards in front of him.
Sherlock steeples his long, elegant fingers in front of his mouth and closes his eyes. His face reflects the immense endurance he has to muster in a world of goldfish. “John, you might be aware that, at least in the 21st century, some legal contracts can be entered by members of the same sex.” Sherlock opens his eyes and turns to face John, arching an eyebrow sardonically.
“Honestly, what the fuck…?” John has trouble breathing again. He wants to reach out to his friend, who’s slumped down boneless opposite him. But he stops himself, unsure how Sherlock would react to the touch.
He's definitely wearing just his dressing gown and nothing else. His pale, hairless chest is visible despite the low light in the vee of the parting fabric, as are his long, lean, milky white legs, covered only in a light fuzz of downy hair.
But Sherlock seems unfazed. “I don't make it a habit of mine to judge my clients’ conduct in this specific area,” he states coolly. “But I must point out to you that there are certain laws regarding sexual harassment in this country, as there certainly are in yours.”
John is six minutes late, due to a signal failure at Liverpool Street station. Sherlock already lurks at their usual table in the window. He's staring down at his mobile, an eerily greenish light illuminating his sharp features (the bruises are fading, he's just earned himself a rather dashing scar to his right eyebrow) and his pale eyes gleam nearly cyan. The sight makes John's stomach tingle, sending a thrill down his spine.
We’ve just been told to get packing. But we are not moving forward, we are to retreat back East towards Alexandria. In a hurry. Something important is happening. I write more later.
John reaches for his wallet and drops the notes on the mattress. The man counts them before stuffing them in one of his boots.
“So that she could take precautions?” John clarifies. Talking to Sherlock sometimes reminds him of explaining basic social skills to a five-year old.
John fastens his robe, standing in the middle of their living room, feeling a bit discombobulated, his head still spinning from one of the best blow-jobs he's ever had. Who would have thought Sherlock could give head like that? John would have put him down for a novice at best but he'd just proven that he could perfectly well repress his gag reflex, if needed. Not for the first time, John marvels that he might have got something truly and profoundly wrong about his flatmate.
“Are you Mr Holmes? Sorry, I think we... met last night, at Smithfield Market, and you invited me?” John is suddenly doubting that this has been a good idea.
Sherlock licks his lips and something flickers over his face but John is too far gone to pay it attention. “Beg me,” John pants. “Beg me for my cock.”
He knows this won't last. It never does. But for once he'll make the best of it for as long as possible. Because this feels... good? Yes, it actually feels good. And right.
I went round to Irene's place after work. She wasn't pleased to see me there. I left her my address.
It looks like James will make it. I'm so glad! Yet he's severely wounded. I'm not sure we'll be able to save his arm.
“I haven't been drinking that heavily. I just had … Martini.” As the memory comes back to him, he has to press his fist against his mouth to stop himself from being sick right here at their kitchen table. John silently hands him their big salad bowl from the draining board, but Sherlock only eyes it in disgust then pushes it away. “We eat from that”, he says horrified.
They are monsters and so am I. How can you love me? How will you ever be able to set eyes on me again? I'm not worth of your affection. I will stain you with my touch.
Sherlock makes a sound that might have been meant to resemble a laugh but comes out more like a choke. He crosses his arms over his chest and his voice is pure vitriol when he tells John in a mockingly cooing tone: “Oh, that's so sweet of you, John, I come home and tell you that I got shagged – wait, there's a figure of speech – yes, ‘three ways to Sunday’ and you confess your love to me. What am I supposed to make of this? Shall I sink at your feet and say I'm sorry, that it will never happen again, that from now on there will only be you and me until happily ever after?”
Sherlock knows he should feel mortified but all he can do is smirk. “I'm sorry, John. I can assure you, it's nothing personal.”
“Touch me.” Sherlock almost screams after his next insistent thrust, and that's when John looses it completely. He wraps one hand around Sherlock throbbing cock while he fucks into him hard, fast and deep, jerking him off clumsily yet efficiently as it seem, for suddenly, the muscles around John's cocks clench and spasm. The next moment, Sherlock comes all over John's fingers stroking his pulsing shaft, his breath ragged as he thrashes in the sheets.
Sherlock stiffens, then pulls away. He shrugs his robe back on as if suddenly struck by modesty. Instead of looking at John, he gazes at the ceiling, apparently fascinated by the meandering cracks in the plaster and the flaking paint.
Finally taking a shower, Sherlock - embarrassed and ashamed – had allowed his hand to wander south. He had imagined stepping into the shower while John was having a wash. Sherlock had thrown his head back, raising his face up towards the spray, closing his eyes as his left hand had roamed his chest, hesitantly playing with one peaked nipple before caressing the defined muscles of his abdomen. All the while, Sherlock had badly wanted this to be John's hand, touching him.
“Open.” John orders, breathy but determined. He's so close he's sure he won't last much longer. His vision has gone fuzzy around the edges; all he can focus on is Sherlock's inviting mouth and the sweet relief it promises.
“You should sleep too. You look knackered,” John dares to suggest but Sherlock doesn't move or give any sign that he has heard, so John only sighs once more before turning to climb the stairs.
“I've no idea. It wasn't even in the economic section. Something about his marriage... I skipped it. I'm not particularly interested in other people's dirty linen being washed in public... Oi, Sherlock, I was reading that!”
John absent-mindedly reaches out to pet Sherlock's hair but stops abruptly as Sherlock flinches, then very slowly retracts his hand and begins to get up.
He soaps himself very, very thoroughly under the scalding spray, paying especially close attention to his nether regions, before shaving exceptionally careful. Should he bother with getting dressed again? It seems superficial. But his terry cloth robe is hardly sexy. Should he emerge naked? Might be a bit too blatant, even for Sherlock. He decides on a towel, riding low on his hips. After taking a few deep breaths, Captain John H. Watson of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers leaves the bathroom to ravish his flatmate. Hopefully, it ends more successful than his Afghan campaign.
Sherlock's face is ashen when he dares to ask in a low voice: “Do you mean something like this when you say you love me?”
“Ok?” Sherlock asks enthralled, not taking his eyes from where his finger is lodged up to the first knuckle.
“You want to hit me.” Sherlock seethes in a low voice. “Go on then, do it.” It's a harsh whisper, a challenge, inviting John to give in to his darkest desires.
Even with a good ten inches of space between them, sharing a bed feels utterly intimate. Therefore, sleep is the last thing on each man’s mind.
Sherlock swallows, nods. They are squatting on their living room floor at half past eight on a Sunday morning, tired, sore, broken – but somehow, it just feels right.
Still not better. Dreamt of home, of you. I don't dare to sleep hence I might start to blab. I think I’m hallucinating.
Sherlock's been through all of what is coming for them before and survived. This gives John the strength he needs to collect himself. And it might not be the last time this is happening to them either. Ss things stand, the law is against them, and the authorities have every right to arrest and punish them.
By the time he finishes, it feels like all the oxygen has been sucked out of the room.  Talking about the war always produces a physiological stress response in me, even when I am well aware that I am in a safe place, away from any further threat to my body.  It has lessened with time, and a massive effort from my therapist, but even now I can feel the tension running through my body - stiff shoulders, elbows drawn in, clenched jaw.
“Bye, John.  I hope you have a good day at the shop and if you need another hit of caffeine, you know where to find me!”
John’s skin broke out in goose pimples, a shiver running down his spine. He felt slightly lightheaded.
“Of course.  And we will need to think about how you’re going to handle questions when they inevitably arise on your upcoming press tour.”
Soon they were ready to depart, and John suggested walking back towards Chelsea Bridge. It was unlikely that a taxicab would be passing through the quiet streets of Harry’s neighbourhood at this hour.
The tall captain stepped into John’s office and removed his hat. “I’ve settled Meyers and Stryuk in Ward 1 as instructed, Sir, and the rest have been placed in Ward 4 to convalesce. Meyers awoke as we transferred him but he was coherent and understood his new circumstances, asking if we’d update his mother. I will ensure a telegram is sent later today. Sryuk, however, is slipping in and out of consciousness. He’s talking but not making much sense. I suggested the nurses keep a close eye on him over the next forty-eight hours.”
The blush explodes across my face and I shoot a disbelieving grin at Greg.  “I know, Greg.  I fucking know.”
All eyes in the room quickly focused on him.  Sherlock maintained a neutral expression as his upbringing had instilled in him, however a shiver of discomfort ran down his spine at the attention.  The men bowed and the women curtsied as was required and gradually conversation resumed.  A waiter stepped forward to take his coat.  Mycroft was progressing down the receiving line that had formed in the middle of the room, currently listening to Lady Janey Campbell, wife of the Duke of Argyll, talk absolute drivel, no doubt.
The man edged nearer and snarled, “You, you little prick, are being disloyal and abusive to your sovereign.”
“And it's obvious that there's a lot going on for you at the moment and a lot at stake in terms of your career, and I don't want to be a. . . liability.”  The word sticks in my throat.
“Full of tourists.”  He pauses for so long that I think that’s all he’s going to say and I try to think of some way to change the topic, but then he continues, “Although I did enjoy the Franz Kafka Museum.  I read through much of his bibliography in its original German while I was there.  Helped pass the time.”
Major Lestrade was not so easily distracted.  “No, I’m sorry, Sherlock.  We must return to the Ritz immediately.”
The man didn’t respond so John continued, “You seem like the type of bloke who gets his own way, so whatever you’ve done, posh boy, it must have been pretty bad to be chased into an occupied taxicab by an officer of his rank.”
The driver sputtered.  “I don’t think so, pal.  Who do ya think you are?  You can’t just dart out into the street like that, ‘sides I already got a fare.  Get out of my cab!”
Sherlock: “I cannot choose just one thing; I love everything about John. I love that his eyes never seem to be the same colour blue. I love the way he clenches his left hand whenever he’s irritated. I love how he still stands at attention, despite having been out of the Army for half a century. I love his delightful giggle. I love that he has chosen to stand by my side as we proceed through this absurd spectacle called life. He is the bravest, kindest and wisest human being I have ever had the good fortune of knowing. He has, throughout our years together, made me a better person, for I am a ridiculous man, redeemed only by the warmth and constancy of his love.”
. . . there is great comfort in the thought that the years of darkness and danger in which the children of our country have grown up are over . . .
Both Mike and Nicola seem completely unfazed by Sherlock’s celebrity status and Nicola is currently in the middle of a story about one of her Year 5 pupil’s increasingly ridiculous excuses for not having her homework completed.  Mike is watching her adoringly as she talks, gesturing for emphasis.  Sherlock’s is laughing politely and asking questions that keep her chatting.
John gave a brief chuckle. “As a matter of fact, we met in a taxi. I was on my way to my sister’s in Battersea and he tried to commandeer it to his own destination.”
There’s a book on the side table next to the armchair that I haven’t looked at in years, so apparently Sherlock had perused my bookshelves while I was out.  I envision him curling his legs up underneath him as he sits in my armchair to read, and when I realise how much I like that idea, I focus back on my food.
This is not what he had planned at all.  Irritation was threatening to spill over, but he tamped it down so as not completely destroy any chance of being allowed to leave.  “I am dressed as I choose to be dressed and the Ritz would have no option but to admit me, even if I were wrapped in a bedsheet.  I am, after all, a crowned prince of this realm.”
The man, clearly a posh bloke judging by his coat and shoes, finally glances over at me and he proceeds to look me up and down, as if to assess if he can deign to speak with me.
Sherlock watched as John gave her a comforting smile and offered her his arm. “I’m hoping you know how to do this dance because otherwise we’re in trouble,” he said, turning to walk Molly out onto the dancefloor.
The song ended abruptly and instead of pulling apart, Sherlock kept them moving as it transitioned into another song, something slower and sweeter.  Where before their dance had been full of possessive fingers, gasping breaths, and grinding hips; this new melody inspired gentle touches, soft sighs, and delicate swaying. It was like being swept up in a dream and to remind himself that it was real, John focused on all the places their bodies were connected.
I turn around to face him again -- he looks smaller than I remember, more tired around the eyes.  With a sigh, I say, “Yes, of course, Sherlock, of course.  I was just about to lock up anyway.”
With a roll of his eyes, looking every inch the annoyed younger brother, Sherlock said, “Mycroft, I cannot return in this state. What would Papa and Mummy think? And it is possible that the good Major Lestrade would be punished for allowing harm to come to me. I shall go with John to make myself presentable and then return to the palace, all shiny and new.” He turned to John, “Is that all right? Will your sister mind?”
With that, John abruptly turned to the left and started walking away from the barracks, leaving the Major and his wayward princes behind. Good fucking riddance.
He ran a hand down the front of his uniform, smoothing out a wrinkle and trying to regain control of himself.  Sherlock sighed.  There was only one way out.  One aggravating and painful way.
“Indeed.  It was obvious.”  Sherlock had no compulsion to explain further, for when he did so, people were quick to make their displeasure known and judged him as abrasive or abnormal, regardless of his royal status.  The Major looked ready to ask more questions, however, so Sherlock quickly dismissed him.
The Colonel drew up to his full height at that and swivelled his red face to turn his attention to John, who was standing on the step below.  Racking his eyes over John’s frame, inspecting and mean, he snarled, “Forget something, Captain?”
“Your lunch is served, boss!”  Anderson’s attempt at being upbeat is appreciated but it falls flat nonetheless.
Helloooooo -- so sorry for the long time between chapters! We're nearing the end so I hope to get these final chapters out in a more timely fashion.  As always, thank you so much for reading, commenting and cheering me on through this story -- I love your response to this fic so much!
I make my escape from the coffeeshop as quickly as I can and head over to open up my shop for the morning, unlocking the security gate outside the main door with one hand, pushing the wrought iron doors back to meet the exterior wall.  I kick some rubbish from the entry where it’s collected, having blown in overnight, and unlock the door, the bell greeting me happily as I enter.
Sherlock peered at him for a moment, a question in his eyes that John couldn’t quite work out. “Thank you, John. That is very kind. The last few months have been. . . trying. We’ve just got back, actually—we stayed on at Windsor following the funeral.”
The next hour or so passes without incident -- and without customers.  I collapse the now-empty boxes, books mostly out on their correct shelves, and I bind them with twine before setting them outside the shop to be collected by the binmen.  I have a list of a few titles to re-order, which I leave by my computer in the office to be ordered at some future time when I can be bothered logging onto the system.
The cloakroom was mercifully empty and there, at the other end of the wide corridor packed with overcoats, stood another door.  Sherlock smiled widely, mentally congratulating himself for his own cleverness, then went in search of his overcoat.
“Erm, no.  Think I’m okay,” he says and then pauses, looking awkward but determined.  “Unless you need to talk about it?”
He steps farther into the shop, but we’re still on opposite sides of the counter and it feels like a barrier between us, so I walk over to him and reach out to grasp his arm, the feeling of the wet wool under my fingers and the solidity of his bones serving to ground me a bit.
Sherlock shook his head.  “No, I shall leave the flag-waving to you.  You are so remarkably good at it.  And besides, I have a different mission.”
He’s still naked and burrowed under the duvet, so that leaves answering the door up to me.  I fish out a striped, long sleeve t-shirt from my dresser, pulling it on as I go to open to the door.
Mycroft sniffs.  “Oh, please, Sherlock.  Can we do without the childish insults today?  I do believe there are bigger issues to address.”
The conversation ceased and they continued their meals in a more comfortable silence. Mummy finished first and excused herself from the table, extending her warmest wishes to both John and Lestrade before exiting the Morning Room.
I find myself trying to alleviate his worry.  “It’s fine, Sherlock.  I’ve put up with Harry for thirty years, remember?  I know what it’s like.”
I set Sherlock the task of dicing an onion as I pull out a saucepan and add a dash of olive oil, instructing Sherlock to toss in the diced onion to saute, and then move to preheat the oven and retrieve a baking tray for the salmon.
“Sherlock?” I call out, kicking the door closed behind me and walking swiftly into the room, needing to see him as soon as possible.
Oh, god, she really doesn’t give up.  Thankfully, I don’t even have to make up an excuse this time.  “Sorry, Janine.  I’ve got plans -- it’s my sister’s birthday so we’re going to celebrate.  Have a great time though.”
I’m reminded of his comment about Sherlock Holmes being a role he plays, and I want to reassure him.  He deserves to be certain I’m not here because of his fame.  “I know, Sherlock.  And to be honest, I am pretty sure I thought all of those things the first time we spoke, before I even recognised who you were.  And, I must contradict you because I know for a fact that what’s going on in my brain cannot even remotely rival yours.”
“Actually, I think I’d rather see you in whatever he’s chosen,” I say, shooting a grin at the stylist.
My phone is blinking furiously when I wake up on Sunday morning after a long lie-in.  I swipe it unlocked and am greeted by thirteen new text messages.  Instantly, my heart rate speeds up over the possibility of who they’re from -- surely Sherlock hasn’t texted so much so soon?  I don’t think I’d really mind if he did, however, despite the fact that it would seem like a bit much from anyone else.
It’s like watching a traffic accident. Except when I see a traffic accident, the emotion I feel isn’t a deep and unrelenting mortification. Why can’t Anderson ever just shut his gob?
“You are aware that today is an historic day for this country, for the world, are you not?” Sherlock sneered, seating himself in his chair across the table as if he was setting up for one of their games of chess.
“So. . . why is he here?  What does he want?” Mike asks, getting the bartender’s attention and ordering a round of beer.
I shrug.  “Well, I didn’t exactly warn you or. . . ever say ‘oh, by the way, I’m bisexual’, so I guess I’m not surprised that you’re surprised.”
Sherlock breathes out a long breath and a subtle shiver runs through him.  After a second, his grey eyes lock on mine and he says with determination, “Yes, okay.  I. . . thank you, John.”
Lately, I’ve been thinking of taking a holiday myself, somewhere far enough from here to make it feel like an escape but nowhere that’ll break the bank.  Maybe next month when the November rains start to make London feel dreary and before the pre-Christmas shopping period when I hope the shop will be busy.
“Hush!  Undoubtedly, he is still nearby,” the man whispered, a note of panic rising his voice. Lifting his head, he focused his attention out into the lane, listening intently for any suspicious sounds.
“No, Captain. Since young Sherlock, here, decided to do a runner, I have spent the majority of the evening tracking him, and incidentally you, across London.  Now that I’ve located him, however, that is my destination.  And yours.” He stated, eyeballing Sherlock, who glared right back at him. “Mycroft is waiting for us there.”
John waited to see the reaction. If there were empathy or sympathy then he would be out of here in half an hour. If they decided to play tough, it was going to take a little longer. Also he would have to dislocate his thumbs and he hated doing that.
I could feel his body relax a bit. I shifted to get around him but found myself pinned to the bed by Holmes rather painfully.
I was on my way down to the kitchen again when I was grabbed from behind. The tray went crashing to the floor.
The light dawned. Mary was with child and at the time of conception there were two men in her bed. Either of us could be the father to those children or both of us. Any child of Sherlock would be the heir to the Holmes legacy.
John nodded and straddled Greg rubbing his ass against Greg’s aching prick. Greg would give anything for some relief. Anything.
Sherlock’s pet seemed to moan at the news. Jim’s pet tried to lunge at John with a snarl on his face.
He looked at the three men in front of him and just enjoyed the view of the lovely naked man flesh in front of him.
“It is really you,” he said taking his hand and running it down my cheek, “I had dare not hoped. So many times I thought you had found me only to wake up and discover that my situation had not improved.”
My Master Sherlock Holmes instructed me to write about the time that our sons seemed to vanish off the face of the earth which we moved it along with Heaven to find them again not knowing that our boys could take care of themselves.
Seb pulled a heavy wooden chair forward and John sat down facing the cages. John pointed and Sherlock and Jim fell to their knees. They crawled over and sat up next to John. Sherlock on the right and Jim on the left. John nodded to Seb.
I walked in and his head turned towards us but something was off. I walked to the other side of the room and realized that his head was following me but his eyes were not.
Sherlock ran his fingers up and down John’s chest. John pressed into the touch and whined for more. He wanted Sherlock to do all kinds of nasty things to him. He could feel the slick pouring out of his ass and soaking the sheets.
When she walked into the room, everyone dropped to their knees and put their gaze firmly on the floor. I followed their lead.
I could feel the hard member under his robes. I worked my hand through them to where I could touch skin. I fondled his balls and felt his cock come to full attention.
I let him rattle on a bit and then gave the signal to the people outside the door who were watching.
Wilson took the first babe and put it in my arms. I looked at the face and the nose and knew I was looking at the next Lord Holmes. He was the spitting image of my beloved Sherlock.
It started innocently enough. I found myself bend over a chair while the Baron lectured his sons on the proper way to cane a slave. He would have them try and then correct their posture and hands to have another go. I was trying to keep upright and not really listening to what was going on so I do not know how the argument started.
Two men grabbed me and dragged me back down to the dungeon where I was thrown into a very cold cell left to wonder about my fate at the hands of the Baron.
John came back into frame as they released Sherlock from the manacles and he fell in a heap on the floor gasping for breath.
“I remember that room. I did not encounter it until after the Baron returned me to Moriarty. I barely remember what happened in the room apparently I ‘went away’ as Delek has told me to preserve my fragile sense of self that was being eroded away.”
They went to the backyard and Toby peed behind the bushes again trying for a little privacy and dignity.
Moriarty had through dastardly means turned Holmes into a living weapon to kill his brother Mycroft and other members of the Marketplace. However there was hope that since Delek now knew the purpose of Moriarty’s torture of Holmes, he could help him return to himself.
Here it was. I heard the names I have been searching for. But it was this too easy? I heard what I have wanted to hear. I felt like I was walking into a trap but what other choice did I have.
“The situation is different John. You know that somewhere in that silly head of yours. You have seen how far he has come.”
He put the tea next to Mycroft and sat down in his chair working his way through all the evidence that he had at hand.
Seb could feel tears coming to his eyes from the hair pulling but he grounded himself and said, “No, I do not. Tony likes women exclusively and had banged his way through most of the girls he has met. Leonardo is playing straight but I think he loved Tony in a way that Tony will not return. I think he is only interested in Tony not in all men.”
“Large padlock,” whispered William, “connected to a chain that is now against the door holding it shut.”
“He’s dead,” I said with finality in my voice. Of course that is where my mind went first. His body had been fighting so hard but it was obvious to me that he could not continue like this much longer.
“Agreed. Watson, apparently we are leaving town again but this time we must still be in town while out of town.”
He redid what he had done before and helped John to the kitchen table. He sat John down and fastened the leg restrains to the chair. He took short chains and fastened John’s hand restraints to u-bolts in the table which John hadn’t remembered being there before. Sherlock whipped up an omelet, some passing-able toast and strong tea for John and watched him eat.
“You my pet, your task is to get the cock I am going to put in your mouth off and not come yourself,” he said as he attached the other end of the chains he has threaded through the eyebolts to the cuffs that his pet was wearing which he placed in front of his Pet.
Picking the lock took a bit of doing but we managed to get it done and carefully made our way out of our cell and into the corridor beyond.
“The tales of your jail house escape has become the stuff of legend,” he said with great delight, “I haven’t had so much fun in ages.”
“Ah John, not going to have you cock up the experiment since it seems to be going so well. So I will help you.”
Sherlock pulled out his phone and dialed a number, “Brother, apparently we need to see each other again today. Meet me at the flat in 20 minutes……I don’t care who you are talking to. No, it has nothing to do with that matter. 18 minutes and counting.”
He looked at us a little lost but composed himself quickly. He steepled his hands under his chin and look at us and said, “Now boys, how do you know about the Marketplace?”
I shook my head, “Holmes you do not know what you are asking of me or what you are getting yourself into. I have lived this with every fiber of my being for what seems my entire life. But you, you are so use to be in total control of the situation and slavery is a total loss of that control.”
Knife chuckled, “I bet you don’t. How is it playing the fool to that pompous git? He must make you feel a right round imbecile on a daily basis.”
“The roof was redone last summer and there hasn’t been a problem since. Mr. Holmes had talked to me about running power to the place but we aren’t set up for that yet so you will be dealing with that but he did have an oil burner installed for heat and hot water. I made sure that the tank was full before you arrived. Depending on your stay, you can tell me if you need it refilled.”
I couldn’t take it anymore. I pulled out the gun from my holster and shot Moriarty and then shot Moran.
He nodded and I removed the gag. I helped him drink some water. When he sat forward I noticed that what I had assumed was dirt on his nightdress was dried blood and there were some wet patches now. I kicked myself mentally for not seeing what was before me.
We went into the room with a flash of lightening and a crash of loud thunder. In that brief blink of illumination I saw Mary clearly and I knew there was not going to be a happy ending to this.
“Mycroft,” said Sherlock, “I have always wondered how he kept up with the vast amount of information and potential outcomes of the world stage without leaving his arm chair and now in front of us I have his means and method.”
When we arrived there was a carriage waiting for us. A glance at the door informed me that Mycroft wished to talk to us.
“No.  Do not hide this from me,” said the voice as he grabbed my cock and tugged on it hard. It did nothing dissuade my erection.
The chief’s eyes were glazed over with the look of pleasure and satisfaction. Once he had pulled himself back together he said, “Mycroft underestimates your abilities my friend. You must teach my slave how you did that.”
He came to on his side with Sherlock licking the bite on his neck. He pulled forward but realized that Sherlock was still knotted to him so he relaxed back into Sherlock.
“I don’t trust anything that bleeds for seven days and doesn’t die! It’s not natural.” The words exploded from his lips. He turned a bright red after his exclamation.
Then it hit him like a freight train, these were all classic symptoms of an Omega going into heat. But he was a Beta. He was a Fucking Beta.
Eventually I was loaded off the train onto a cart and taken to what would become my new home which was the estate of the Baron.
When Mycroft summoned me to the Diogenes Club, I had an inkling of what waited for me behind the strong oak door of the visitor’s room. I was furious that he, yet again, had gone against my wishes. I can barely keep a plant alive so how could I be responsible for a human being?
He stood up and I could see he was naked under the gown. He removed the gag from my mouth and let me adjust my jaw a bit.
But that would be rash because we did not know what our situation was nor how many people might be on the other side of that door.
“Besides, he likes to watch and I am sure we can give him the sort of entertainment that he likes and introduce him to things he didn’t even know existed.”
Sherlock guided John onto Greg’s dick and helped him sink down on it. Greg tried to thrust but found himself being held down by both John and Sherlock.
Moran grinned an evil grin and opened his trousers pulling out his rather massive cock. You have heard the phrase hung like a horse? Well that phrase was made for him. I had never seen such length and girth outside of animals in the zoo.
“I have some information and possible good news for you John but I fear that if I give you this news, our journey will be at an end.”
“You have done your duty as ordered John. You cannot do more than that. If you think you can, then you are being foolish.”
He did as I told him. I grabbed his cock and started pulling and tugging on it rather roughly guessing that this would be how he had been trained.
Zaram joined me and said,” I did not see anyone matching the description you gave me and Moran is kneeling next to Moriarty.”
The next morning was not comfortable as my brother’s elbow was firmly in my ribs. (written in the margin: Well you had your foot in my groin.) We managed to untangle ourselves and looked around before creeping out of our hiding place. We listened to the sound of the birds and animals of the forest. Neither of us heard the hounds that had been so prevalent during our escape.
We continued on our way. I had a rough idea of which direction I was going and it was away from help. Interestingly enough have Moriarty with us kept Sherlock calm and easier to managed. I tried tapering off the drugs but after the second seizure I knew this was not the time or the place to try.
I noticed something odd about the two boys. One had a sweet and even temperament but the other had no soul. He didn’t care how he affected other people as long as he was happy. His sadistic streak came out in tormenting his brother and the slaves. He left me alone I think because his father threated his life if he touched me, but I had to clean up after the mess he made with other slaves including burying a few bodies. We had no way to tell anyone outside the house what was going on inside. The one brother tried to keep his brother in check but I could tell whatever was rotting inside was getting stronger.
I sighed, “I think what happened to him has changed how he feels about it. It used to get him hard and ready to do all kinds of things to me. Now, he seems to be scared to even touch a whip.”
“Shortly after Mary died, Mycroft informed me that he had lost track of you and feared you were dead. That you had been sold and the people who bought you were not who we thought they were. I….I….”
I was agitated and anxious and Holmes, knowing me so well, decided to take matters into his own hands.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson. Let him go and give me his leash,” said John with a smile looking over his shoulder.
I did as he asked and he ran his hands over my front just a hair’s breath away from actually touching me.
“What we have talked about more than one my brother. We are now free of him and can do what we want to do.”
The blindfold cut off his sight well enough but he had eye pads taped over his eyes making it impossible to peek. He had been caught peeking and this was the solution to leave him in total darkness.
The day of the soiree I was outfitted with a butt plug and a cock cage with a clever leather belt holding both contraptions in place. I thought how you would have liked this on your person so I could tease you mercilessly. There was a red collar locked around my neck. I was informed that this would tell the patrons that I was off limits and this was a good thing. I was wash and oiled up. My beard was trimmed and my hair was pulled back and tied off.
Once we got to South Piddleton we settled into the Inn there with Holmes tossing about a lot of money and getting the entire Inn to himself. This gave us the top floor to plan what we were going to do next and the town to explore for how to get to our boys.
“I am sure you have plenty of questions for me. So I will give a summery for you and if you have any more after that you may ask.”
John had been just dreaming about taking a cool bath. He pinched himself because he couldn’t believe his luck.
He snuggle in breathing in the scent that was Sherlock, him and their combined scent. And he felt safe and loved.
He proceeded to half drag the man out of the room with Seb following holding the hood leaving Sherlock and John alone with Sherlock’s pet.
I sat and watched him work his way. I found myself wiping tears away as I listening to the sad and soulful sound he was making.
Laurence handed Sherlock the phone that buzzed when it touched his hand. He looked at the text and nodded.
“His son,” I said, “I remember that name from a case that Uncle John told me that he and Uncle Sherlock had helped the police with.”
He waved his hand dismissively, “Ah well, it is for the best. The boys are thriving under Mycroft. He is much more father material than I. Besides I have someone to take care of right here in front of me.”
“Quietly. Let Watson and I go retrieve them then you can do what you will with the gang that did this deed. I hear Australia is very nice this time of year.”
“Note the color now. I was careful not to break the skin but leave the area red and slightly swollen. This now makes the blows more painful. Jim?”
He opened his eyes and found that Sherlock had put the chair back at the table and gone into the kitchen. From the sounds emanating from that room, it seemed that he was doing something to keep himself occupied.
“You and your companion fled here from the grasp of Moriarty. They have no power here. You are safe.”
I watched Holmes think about what I had said and I saw the realization come across his face. I gave a small sigh of relief as I could see that he finally “got it”. He might actually be able to pull this off.
I heard the whisper of the leather before his belt smacked me across the ass. I stifled a groan from the contact.
My curiosity was piqued. I took the steps two at a time but paused when I got to the door and composed myself before opening it.
My luck with infection, however, continued to be wretched and I had become fevered in both body and mind.
John Watson had never expected to find himself in the position that he was in. When he had been typed at the time of the beginning of his hormonal changes, he was decreed a Beta. Due to an experiment with his insane flat-mate, he had become an Omega. In short order he had been mated to his flat-mate and then found himself in the unusual position of being an Omega to two Alphas when the Detective Inspector was added into the mix by his Alpha deciding that they needed the DI as part of their family.
They restored his hearing first. He would react to sound but did not seem to understand what was going on around him. The only reaction that he did have was to my voice and it was not a good one. I said his name and he had a fit to the point that he almost dislocated his shoulders from thrashing about. After that I didn’t say a word around him.
His focus on the body in front of him made it possible for me to take a swing before he realized there was danger. He fell to the ground insensate.
“Watson,” said Holmes, “You seem awfully thoughtful. I want you to know that I believe you can do this.”
“Watson,” he said in his best ‘I am so disappointed in you’ voice,” Is that what you think I am angling for?”
“Come!” I shouted and he complied with a hoarse shout. I found my chest and face covered in his issue.
There was no sugar coating this. They were quite frank about their observations of Holmes’ and his other personalities and the reasons behind why his mind had splintered.
“The answers are three days since we found you. Not much damage. Yes we have them and await your orders. You need to really rest and then we can take care of the rest of it.”
The Head Master nodded, “we have assembled them in their house parlor figuring that you would want to do that.”
“Now brother I have very little time to go over all the ground that has been gone over with a fine tooth comb. You know where I stand on the subject of John and I know where you stand and why you stand there. And believe me that I will use what we have if I have even an inkling that you are even partially responsible for any of this.”
I worried about the boys the entire time. My biggest concern is that we were chasing corpses as the kidnappers had already gotten rid of them.
I noticed that Moran was taking great interest in me since my exchange with Mycroft’s minon. I cautioned the man and then went to collect more glass wear trying not to see all the horrible things that were being done to various slaves as I went.
“I do regret that I have had to go to such extreme measures to make sure you stay put but your father brought this onto you by his actions,” said the older man, “I will have Sam bring you a warm meal this evening.”
“Now we must leave this place before the police arrive. It would not do well for them to find us with the body.”
Yama came in after I had consumed about half the glass. He topped my drink off and poured himself one before sitting across from me.
Jim smiled. It was true. He could do that well. Isn’t that how he managed to stay alive as long as he had.
If he ran, I had a chance at extracting Sherlock. If he stays, I had a harder time but at least I knew where Sherlock is.
Seb handed the computer over to Sherlock, “Put the wifi onto MorMor2 so we can follow the signal to the phone.”
John crouched down in front of Toby and grabbed Toby’s head in his hands forcing eye to eye contact, “No, that is not your fate today unless you really screw up, but I think you will do fine.”
John smiled and wondered what mess he was going to have to clean up after they were all done. He drifted into an uneasy sleep.
He watched as the two men settled themselves on the bed and each started to fondle the other man. They kissed passionately as they slowly brought each to climax. The sounds were worthy of the best porn and John found his cock getting hard again and the slick was sliding down his legs.
She grabbed Winston and pulled him by the collar in front of me. She pointed at my groin and said, “Suck him off.”
“Brace yourself,” I said as I pulled the plug all the way out. I grab the rope harness on his body and used him for my pleasure. Right before I climaxed, I pulled the bow I had tied on the leather string releasing his balls and cock. I felt him tighten around my cock sending me over the edge.
I lay there for a while carefully tugging at my bonds when I realized that I could release myself from them if I wanted to. I was debating on if I should when I heard the scraping of a door and I saw a man enter with a candle that he put on the table next to my bed.
The next day I strapped the knife to my leg beneath my clothing. I got Lucy ready to ride and followed Janan one of the chief’s sons and his right hand man in the drug trade.
Buried alive his brain thought as he started to panic. He worked hard to get control of himself because he knew that the oxygen would only last so long.
Mary knelt back in front of me and offered me a cup of tea rather formally. I took it and automatically took a sip.
“Well we will have to do something about that,” he sat down on the overstuffed chair in the room that I had next to the fireplace. He pointed to a spot beside the chair.
“You, strip,” she said, “Then stand in the middle of the room hands behind your head and keep them there.”
Sherlock drained the dirty water from the tub and pulled John up to standing. He turned on the taps and proceeded to rinse John with a plastic bowl.
William looked up and pointed, “Well that’s North or northish. So the direction we came from was West. So North or South?”
I dropped into step behind her and followed her back to the party where she kept me next to her the rest of the evening.
Toby was looking around trying to figure out where he was as Sherlock had put the blanket over his head. He tried to sit up to look out the window but found himself on the floor as his collar was activated.
“Seven,” said Seb, “John wanted Jim to deal with that little Russian rabble that has been trying to be subtle about moving into our territory.”
He grabs the pole in the middle of stage and swings his body around letting everyone get a good look at him while he got a good look at them.
It was like a pack of wolves had been given permission to feed. They leapt onto the restrained individuals with such violence it was appalling. I heard the sounds of floggers and whips, hands and the wet slap of skin on skin as some were being used in the most base manner possible. My group had fixated on a young woman who was tied to a base with her legs wide. She had a ring gag in her mouth allowing full access to her throat. Quickly she was being taken from front and back at the same time. I heard gagged noises arising from the assault and just as I was about to step in, Alexia stepped in and dragged Anatole off.
She walked behind me and ran a finger lightly over my shoulder. I could not suppress the shiver that went through my body.
“Close your eyes,” came the order which I obeyed only to find Holmes placing his tie across my eyes as a makeshift blindfold.
“It was…simpler to do so. We couldn’t separate them even as infants without serious consequences to their health and well being. Which is why I chose the woman to be my wife so carefully.”
John sat stock still as he felt a needle puncture his skin and the drug being delivered to his system.
“They have our boys,” I said trying to keep the rage and panic that was rising in my gut from spilling out.
Yakuza as they are known in the west. Good suits. Lots of money. Leader is sitting in the middle. He notes the glimpse of a tattoo from the open shirt. He is looking at him with total lust in his eyes. He makes a few more mental notes and gets back to the task as hand.
Sherlock fought me every step of the way as we made distance away from Moriarty.  I ended up using a choke hold until he passed out. I almost lost him off the horse more than once but Lucy was well trained and I managed to hold on.
He sighed and picked up his phone. He quickly dialed and within two rings he heard the voice at the other end of the line, “Hello?”
Sherlock relaxed just a little since Seb and Jim were there then it was a planning session rather than punishment for him. He frowned a little because it also probably meant that there was no pleasure to be had either.
At his shoulder, he could sense Mycroft’s approach but refused to give his brother the satisfaction of acknowledging him.  Instead Sherlock focused on trying to identify the types and quantities of alcohol being served, making note of them in his mind in case the information was useful later.  He could sense Mycroft becoming impatient and Sherlock’s lips pulled into a small smile.
After awhile, however, reality crept back in. John glanced at the clock on the mantelpiece in the sitting room and was surprised to see that it was gone four in the morning.
Instead of answering right away, he narrows his eyes and proceeds to do that weird assessing thing he does, which honestly makes my insides squirm a bit, before giving a sharp nod of his head.
Eventually, they found a clear table and Sherlock quickly claimed one of the chairs before it was taken. John settled next to him, close enough that their elbows bumped together. Sherlock pressed his arm into John’s and John pressed back in response, and Sherlock had to smother a grin at the touch. It was innocent enough, easily passed off as a result of crowded space, but after their kiss, it felt downright illicit. However, he knew no one would notice, even if they had not been so wrapped up in their own revelry to pay attention to them.
Sherlock had led the way to the Daimler, always his favourite as it was smaller and easier to handle than some of the larger estate cars, and begun unsnapping the canvas roof to be stowed away at the back of the vehicle. A day like today called for a convertible.
What to do though, how do you make up for spilling coffee on someone, on Sherlock Holmes?  I can’t just let him walk away covered in my coffee.
He must have the encyclopedia memorised -- he just pulls these random facts from nowhere.  He’s amazing.
“If you would have chosen something more befitting your station, then we would not be having this discussion.”
Papa was seated at his desk, writing, as they entered the library.  Mummy closed her book and rose from her chair, moving to stand in front of them.  She took in Sherlock’s outfit with a look of vague disapproval and confusion, but before she could ask the question he could see in her eyes, there was a knock on the door.
“Last night, I said one thing when I wanted another.”  Scrubbing my hand over the back of my neck, I take a deep breath and say, “I needed to feel like I had some semblance of control over my life, although the decision that provided that sense of control was, well, the wrong one.”
“And I should ask why you are dressed for hiking in the hills around Balmoral,” Mycroft shot back, signalling for his overcoat.
“Perhaps,” John agreed and then lapsed into silence. After a second, he added, “But for the moment, I have to focus on being an Army medic.”
The night had been going so well. Together, he and John were on a series of adventures, including a bit of a mystery with the injured soldier (the memory of John calling Sherlock ‘detective’ gave Sherlock a flash of pride), although that had been disappointingly easy to solve. Now, however, their evening was interrupted by the unwanted reappearance of Major Lestrade, who, up to this point, had refrained from revealing Sherlock’s identity except for a few close calls. Lestrade had proven willing to uphold the ruse, but Sherlock still feared a slip up from which he could not recover, particularly when Mycroft reappeared.
Sherlock reaches for his wine, taking a big sip.  “Her name is Irene.  Irene Adler.  We’ve never dated, despite what the tabloids say.  An on-set romance is an easy thing to sell to the public, and Irene was happy to let those rumours fly.”
Their hands met solidly in the vast space between them and Sherlock held on, clinging to the last few seconds of John’s presence. John allowed this for a moment, but then, when the handshake began to drag on too long, especially in view of the soldiers out front of the hospital, he gave Sherlock’s hand one final squeeze and pulled away.
“Oh, about him and rehab?”  She flutters her hand dismissively.  “He’s an actor -- that’s par for the course, isn’t it?  Anyway, tell me more.  Did he throw himself at you and beg for forgiveness?”
Although I’ve just lazed about today, I can feel a sleepiness creeping back in and decide that an afternoon Sunday nap is acceptable after a late night.  Shuffling about to get comfortable, I let sleep take me.
“Ladies, good evening,” he said with a slight bow for effect, “As I am sure you noticed, we are woefully short of partners this evening, so perhaps you would do us the honour of joining my friend and me in a dance?” Sherlock gestured to John behind him, returning he gaze to the women and plastering on a smile he hoped read charming but sincere.
Now that I’ve been acknowledged, I step into the room to stand next to him and my eyes are drawn to the stranger opposite us.  Taking him in -- the elegant suit, the umbrella resting against my chair, a general air of coldness -- the breath is knocked from my lungs and adrenaline floods my veins.
“Well, now that we are properly introduced and you seem to have come to accept that I am not on the run from the law, can we sit?  Then, once we are certain that we are no longer being followed, perhaps we can continue on our journey.  Do you know the best way to get to Trafalgar Square quickly from here?”
A few seconds later, the white door opens to reveal Molly, looking flushed and harried.  Some misadventure in the kitchen, I assume, based on the splattered apron she’s wearing.
“Sherlock,” I say, with all the sternness I can muster, which isn’t much at all.  In response, he adopts a completely insincere look of innocence and my heart flips that this ridiculous man is mine.
The hall and the kitchen are dark, but a soft light emanates from the sitting room and I exhale in relief.
Once he’s divested me of the offensive garments, I can’t help but groan at the contact when he lays on top of me once more, the firmness of his erection where it presses into my thigh.  I curl my limbs around him in an effort to keep him there always and seek out his lips once more.  Sherlock settles against me, his hot skin pressing into mine, the intensity of the feeling is nothing short of incredible now that there’s nothing between us.  My hands trail down his back to grasp his arse, pulling him up so that our erections slide together, keeping with the rhythm Sherlock has established.
Twenty minutes later, when I’ve finished, I tuck the pages safely back in the folder, place it back in the cupboard and curl up on my bed, emotionally exhausted but pleased.
An awkward silence falls between us because I don’t quite know what to do with the fact that Sherlock brought something to give to Harry.
He’s not wrong about not having much time.  We manage a quick breakfast before Sherlock is called away for another two full days of jetlagged film promotion leading up to the premiere later this week.
The Ritz, usually a place of refinement and grace, was positively thrumming with people and noise - music drifting out of the ballroom, laughter and bits of conversation rising in happy bursts, glasses tinkling as they were raised in toast, shoes clacking against the marble in the grand foyer.  Sherlock paused near a table of towering champagne flutes to observe the guests as they moved frenetically through the space, up the stairs, into the ballroom, towards the exit.  It was a hive of activity.
I roll my eyes at Sherlock and answer Angelo’s question, “I haven’t had time to do a big shop this week so I made what I could with the sad contents of my cupboards, which offended Sherlock apparently, so now we’re here.”
Ignoring the driver completely, the man continued to stare at John, leaving John feeling discomfited and vulnerable.  His eyes were relentless, and his scrutiny continued for far too long to be appropriate, particularly in such a confined space.
“Yes, of course it was. Most people just don’t peg me as a soldier. I mean, I run travel book shop. Not exactly the route most former servicemen go down.”
Affecting nonchalance, Sherlock continued to gaze out over the crowd.  He could feel John’s eyes on him but resisted the temptation to look back at him immediately. “To begin with, you have a desire to save people, even those as offensive as me, who put us both at risk in a pub full of drunken, patriotic subjects of the British Empire.  It emanates from your very being.  Most people would not have bothered to rescue someone they just met, let alone someone they suspected of possible dangerous or illegal conduct.  You, however, did not hesitate to assist me, so I cannot fathom that you would have enlisted without seeking out a position that would allow you to save as many people as possible, therefore not just an ordinary soldier on the front lines, despite the fact that it would have fulfilled your sense of national duty.
I feel like I’m flayed open and on display.  Sherlock’s eyes track over my face, giving nothing away, and my heart is in my throat as I wait for him to respond.
Sherlock stomped after his brother, throwing a glare at the Major, and upon entering the room was promptly announced to those in attendance -
This simple sentence causes my breath to catch.  Greg sometimes has the ability to make me stop and reassess my cynical outlook of life.  Where I tend to brush things off with sarcasm, he strikes right to the heart of the matter, resulting in a gentle reminder of what’s actually important in life.  There are times when I envy his pragmatic optimism, but today I’m just so grateful for the fact that I can count him as my friend, that he’s here walking through Hyde Park with me full of support and good-natured humour while asking about my relationship with Sherlock.
Sherlock laughs.  “Compared to some of the vultures I meet at industry events, they were positively enchanting.  I much prefer socialising when people aren’t circling, waiting to see what salacious information they can gleen or how I can help them further their careers.  Your friends are genuinely decent people, John, and they care about you.”
John coughed and moved farther into the kitchen, assessing their options. Something simple and quick, that’s all he had the energy for.
To Sherlock, it seemed like the death march towards the end of the evening, but he pulled himself up and said, “To Chelsea.”
He stands quietly by the counter while I ready the shop to close for the evening, cashing out and putting the deposit in the safe in the office to deal with tomorrow, closing down the till, and places the bags of rubbish out on the pavement.  I can feel him watching me and it makes me hyper-aware of my movements as I go about these familiar tasks.  Finally, jacket on, I’m ready to leave and nod towards the door.
I want to change the channel, but I just can’t seem to do so.  I end up watching the rest of the film.  It’s the one Angelo mentioned --
John sipped his tea, unsure of what to say now. He was reminded of the last time they sat with a pot of tea between them, brewed by Sherlock himself in the wee hours of the morning at Harry’s small flat in Battersea. How different this table seemed in contrast, with its beautiful silver and porcelain china, everything matching and polished to perfection, and a footman attending to the specific ceremony of afternoon tea. Although John’s cottage at the hospital was quite comfortable, and had its fair share of modern refinements, it still paled in comparison to the life Sherlock led here at Kensington Palace.
Big Ben started ringing promptly at nine-thirty to begin the long march from Westminster. The bell sang out mournfully for over ten minutes, ringing once for each year of the King’s life. From the other direction, John could hear the artillery salutes being fired from the Tower.
After waiting an age for the barkeep to serve him, John made his way back to the table to find Sherlock sprawled in his chair, tapping incessantly at the table, unaware of John’s approach.
Sherlock doesn’t appear in the sitting room again immediately, probably hiding in the corridor, which I totally understand because I feel like hiding too.  When he does re-enter the room, he looks strangely bashful, all gawky limbs and pink-stained cheeks.
“Have you not heard the news?” Molly asks her, surprised.  Harry is usually the first to know celebrity gossip.
After seeing his work, I feel like I know him better.  I can see what drew him to each part -- each character he portrayed allowed him to explore different aspects of the human condition.  His choices seem purposeful and inquisitive, like he’s grasping to understand something, to find something, maybe.  It’s like witnessing Sherlock grow up and become the man he is today.  I wish I could tell him what an honour it is to experience his talent because he truly is special.
It had been twenty minutes at least since Papa had departed and he had surely found enough money to repay John by now, but Sherlock was reluctant to let their acquaintance end here, with John walking out the doors of Buckingham Palace and Sherlock having to let him.
- The text Sherlock sends “The unexpected has happened so continually in my life that it has ceased to deserve the name” is a quote taken from one of ACD’s other works, the Stark Munro Letters, which I’ve taken out of context and repurposed to fit here.
After one final door, Sherlock and John entered a bright antechamber, the wood panels having been removed from the windows that surrounded the first floor the previous day, allowing the early morning sunlight to stream through them. Across the way, a carpeted staircase rose to meet the balcony that surrounded the room, and Sherlock was horrified to see Papa and Mummy waiting for him at the top. He had hoped to slip into the drawing room with some time for John to acclimate before being forced to deal with meeting the King and Queen. Apparently, it was not to be so. They must have been alerted the moment he and John turned up at the gate.
John’s eyes had met his and he had tilted his head, a soft smile on his face. “Another time,” he had agreed.
When we’d exchanged numbers yesterday, this is not quite what I expected.  His disdain for normal social conventions, his demands, and his random asides via text are wonderful.
John licked his lips in anticipation. Then, pushing up onto his toes, John kissed Sherlock as if it was the most natural thing in the world, and perhaps it was.
While there were a few other officers in attendance, the majority of soldiers appeared to be rather low ranking and they made way for John as he passed. Sherlock was accustomed to people moving out his way at events, so it was a novel experience to watch John receive the same treatment as the soldiers stepped aside for their superior officer. Sherlock did not attempt to hide the smug grin that he was certain was on his face.
“It was 1961, and Sherlock had suffered a severe bout of flu earlier in the year which spiralled into pneumonia. It was. . . bad,” John recalls, the look in his eye reflecting the unspoken stress of caring for a partner with life-threatening illness. He shakes himself of it and continues, “So after eight years together, we decided to get married, even if it wasn’t legal. To us, it was very real; it was an opportunity to declare how we felt and that whatever happened, we would face it together.”
Thankfully, he doesn’t appear to be angry -- about the coffee or my rambling.  The now-empty paper cup is at his feet and I scramble to pick it up and toss it in the bin, if only to occupy my hands.  A blush is creeping up the back of my neck, my skin feeling warm to the touch as I scrub my hand over it roughly.
“That I cannot disclose.  However, just know that he is truly vile.”  That might have been an exaggeration, but Sherlock was not yet ready to forgive the betrayal he had experienced tonight at the hands of his brother and father.  The Ritz!  It still made his blood boil.  Well, he was away now, and he planned to enjoy every minute of his freedom, with John by his side, even if he had turned the night into an unintentional farce.  “If you see someone matching his description, please inform me.”
The man’s pulse was slow and weak, which worried John. He seemed to be coming around a little bit, but with the gash on his head and all that alcohol in his bloodstream, things could take a turn for the worse rather quickly. Fishing his handkerchief out of the inside pocket of his jacket, John located the wound and applied pressure, hoping to staunch the flow of blood as much as possible while crouched on a dark, dirty bit of pavement. The man groaned again.
Frown deepening and enunciation precise, Papa replied, “Interesting choice of phrasing, Sherlock. For as Mycroft tells it, your parting was more of an escape.”
Just as the trees thinned out and he was about to emerge into the glow of the streetlamps, he heard it.  Laboured breathing, like someone had just run a four-minute mile. Sherlock glanced over his shoulder and saw the outline of Major Lestrade against the trees.  Since he would soon be visible by the light of the streetlamp, Sherlock opted for the element of surprise and took off at a sprint across the grass.  Behind him came an exasperated cry of ‘shit!’ and the sound of Major Lestrade running to catch him.
As the clock ticked closer to two in the morning, Sherlock felt a slight desperation to remain as close to John as possible. Soon, his horrid brother and Major Lestrade would be here, and various scenarios floated through his mind for how that would unfold. Mycroft’s arrival filled him with anxiety, and he would, undoubtedly, need to make a swift exit to avoid anyone recognising the royal brothers.
- The lights near Trafalgar Square are real - they’ve been used for the last couple years in memory of the Pulse Orlando attack.  Read more here: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/london-pride-gay-and-trans-symbols-replace-little-green-man-on-traffic-lights-a7091541.html
“I want to know what is going on and who that was, chasing us. I saw him from the taxi, the one at the railing by Green Park.  He looked right displeased with you. Why is he after you?  I don’t imagine that His Royal Highness sends his Army officers running through the streets of London for no reason.”
Sherlock's thoughts had spiralled quickly into dangerous territory. With too much time on his hands, he had a tendency to develop hazardous predilections (Molly Hooper and quite a few corpses at St. Bart's morgue bearing witness to his whims).
“That might be enough for a nocturnal git like you but it's not remotely enough for me! So, please, could you refrain from tormenting me with Stravinsky or whatever and JUST.BE.QUIET!” John yells the last three words to emphasise his point. Sherlock just frowns.
Here comes Sherlock's backstory. As you might imagine, it's not fluff and roses. Please heed the tags! Despite all the grim stuff ahead I nevertheless tried to finish on a slightly uplifting note.
Sherlock nods; John pulls him up and turns him around, cradling his face. Sherlock is pliant, which immediately raises John's suspicion. “I mean it, Sherlock. You have to tell me.”
I miss you. There's so much I'd want to say to you, but it will have to wait till we meet again face to face.
“Nothing.” John looks down at his plate but the remains of his breakfast don't offer any kind on condolence. He pushes it away, all at once slightly put off.
“So, you’re seriously going?” John asks, trying to hide his irritation behind a mask of indifference.
Every time John approaches Baker Street after an air raid, he fears the worst: being greeted by a pile of smouldering bricks and rubble, dead people and torn off limbs strewn all over the street like rag dolls, the air filled with sobbing and screaming and the smell of phosphor. He can feel his chest and throat tighten before rounding the last corner, and he always sighs in relieve when he discovers that the house is still standing, tall and firm.
“But I'm sure you want a considered opinion?” Sherlock is bargaining to conceal his insecurity. He's clearly biding his time and John groans in frustration.
He knew he shouldn’t laugh, after all there was an injured man to be thinking about, but Sherlock’s undisguised glee over finding some footprints was simply. . . adorable.
Sherlock turns back to me, highly unimpressed.  “We’re not going to cause any damage.  We’re simply going to take a walk through the gardens.”  He narrows his eyes, “Are you always such a stickler for the rules?”  I can practically hear the eyeroll that accompanies that last word.
Mummy, who had been observing the proceedings thus far, finally asked, “And what are you wearing, darling?  You will have to change before you depart.”
The driver indicated his turn and pulled to a stop on the residential street.  “Okay, this is your stop, mate, and you owe me ten shillings for the bother!”
Those words brought Sherlock back to reality and he realised that Woolwich Common was in sight and it would not be long before they were pulling up in front of the Royal Herbert Hospital. With that, he started to panic. Obviously, it was necessary to deliver John to the hospital so that he was on parade at the appropriate hour, however Sherlock was loathe to let him go. Once he left this car, it was very likely that Sherlock would never see him again. Every second that slipped by felt like a wasted opportunity, a moment of heartbreak.
We hang up and I immediately search out Sherlock’s number and frantically press ‘call’.  It rings and rings and I silently plead for Sherlock to answer.  Just when I think it’s going to go through to voicemail, he finally picks up.
“Ah, yes.  Well, this is what he does, no?  He makes sure people are okay.  Did you know he got me my big break?”
“I have come to collect Sherlock, Captain, but he is flatly refusing to join me, especially, it seems, without you. Maybe you can convince him.” The way he said this, it sounded less like a suggestion and more of an order.
There were photographs of us together.  Nothing too incriminating, like snogging on the street,” he pauses and meets my eye with a heated look that causes my stomach to drop and I lick my lips involuntarily, “But it was enough to imply something more than a platonic connection.  They were taken at Angelo’s by a fan at another table who recognised me.  As you know, I’m not out yet, which means the recklessness of my behaviour with you was a potential liability.  Mycroft was able to stop the photos from being leaked, but it was a near miss.
Actually, business has been better over the last few months and now I open QuickBooks without the sense of dread that had accompanied the task for so long.  Amazingly, we’re in the black and I’ve been able to pay the bills, our wages, and build our reserves without worry.  Maybe I’m not so rubbish at this whole small-business owner thing.
“Necessary?” I repeat, in disbelief.  I rack my brain, trying to imagine what reason he could possibly have to justify keeping this a secret and cannot think of a single one.  “Necessary?  No, what the hell, Sherlock.”  I take a few steps back to put some space between us, spreading my hands out wide in question, “Your brother?  Jesus Christ.”
“Sir, are you certain you wouldn’t be more comfortable in your tails or perhaps your tuxedo?” Collins asked, a worried frown creasing his forehead.  Collins had been eyeing his choice of tweed ever since Sherlock had pulled it out of the armoire after Mycroft’s announcement an hour ago that they were permitted out of the palace.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, looking exasperated yet fond.  “Yes, John, a date -- it's where two people who like each other go out and have fun?  Which, in this case, will include spending the evening with your sister in order to honour her birthday, where she’ll undoubtedly drink too much, your friends will tell embarrassing stories from your younger years, you’ll wish you hadn’t brought me, and I shall enjoy every minute.”
“Oh my gosh, can you remember your line, the one from the scene where Petr and Evka find each other again?” Molly asks with a squeal.
But now that the question of what was to happen next had been asked of him, Sherlock suddenly felt less certain of his determination to get to Trafalgar Square.  Yes, there were an infinite number of things to observe amongst a crowd so large, but all of these people seemed incredibly dull in comparison to the man standing before him.  He doubted that John would care about his list of experiments -- in fact, it was hard to imagine anyone finding the comparative wear patterns on soldiers’ uniforms interesting.  No, John seemed like a man of action, drawn to uncertainty and adventure.
“Capable?  Sherlock, of course you’re capable of it, but that doesn’t mean I want you to have to do it.”
“You said earlier that owning a bookshop isn’t the normal route for an ex-soldier, which I suppose is true if one is only considering society’s narrow expectations for how life should play out. . .” he pauses, eyes focused out the window over the sink, and takes a sip of his tea.   “You were clearly well regarded, most likely moving up in rank quite quickly -- even after you were wounded, surely the Army could have found a place for you away from active duty.  Perhaps they did but you turned it down.”
Instead of answering, the man fixed him with a glare, turned his shoulder and stepped into the alley.  Annoyed at being ignored and left behind – again! – John followed, hands in fists at his sides, muttering under his breath.
I hover, feeling superfluous once again as they operate like a well-oiled machine, and trail behind them as they move into the corridor, preparing to depart.  Sherlock dons his long coat and blue scarf and Sally opens the door and holds it for him.  He takes a step towards it and then suddenly, he spins and stalks over to where I’m standing against the wall.  Settling his large hands on either side of my face, he presses his lips firmly against mine.  The kiss feels like desperation and gratitude and something else that I can’t quite let myself identify yet.
Tearing down Curzon Road away from the club, John saw the tall trees of Hyde Park looming ahead of them.  Sherlock ducked into their shadows and turned left. “This way!” Sherlock called, and with an annoyed shake of his head, John noted that his companion lacked any noticeable trace of strain from running.
For the first time in our acquaintance, I can’t detect any sarcasm beneath Sally’s words and it feels strangely uncomfortable.  I’m not used to her being heartfelt about anything, despite the fact that she clearly cares for Sherlock, and seemingly by extension, me.
John’s eyes remained focused on Sherlock’s face, hoping beyond reason that the Prince would look his way, but all too soon, the princes had passed John’s post and he was staring at the back of Sherlock’s head as they continued down Piccadilly.
Walking beside Sherlock towards one of the many doors at the front of the palace, nerves suddenly descended upon John and his palms started to sweat. What was he doing here? No really, what?
Anderson whistles in that annoying way he has, as if this doesn’t affect him at all. “Shall I pop out and grab us a couple cappuccinos? Some caffeine to get the juices flowing so we can plan our next push -- I hear Peru is popular with the uni kids!”
“It would have been, if you had been there.”  Sherlock lifts his head then and despite the darkness of the room, I’m able to feel the intensity in his eyes.  “It’s always you.  John Watson, you keep me right.”
This is so awkward, and he’s still sitting bolt upright on the sofa, which is just adding to the tension.  The combination of our history and whatever drama is currently brewing in the press seems to be weighing on him heavily; it’s weighing upon me as well, and I’m only tangentially connected to it.  I don’t know how to make him feel comfortable here, but I’m determined to try.
As they rocked together to find a shared rhythm (led by Sherlock, of course), John released his grip on Sherlock’s biceps to slide his hands up and over his shoulders, feeling how the shirt slipped along the smooth skin beneath it. His arms crossed behind Sherlock’s neck and his left hand rested lightly over his shoulder, revelling in how the muscles shifted beneath his fingertips as they danced.
Sally snorts.  “Don’t give yourself too much credit.  I think Harvey Weinstein still holds that title.”
Restless, he placed the intake list on his desk and rose, deciding to visit Ward 1, where the most critically injured soldiers were housed, earlier than usual. Nurse O’Reilly would not be pleased with him, but he needed to do something and checking on the new arrivals was a more productive alternative to stewing at his desk.
“I’m sorry, sir,” the doorman said, giving them a pitying look.  “I cannot allow you in if you are not on the list.”
Outside the gate, Prince Henry once again grabbed Prince William by the elbow and propelled him towards the street.
“Indeed -- and you have firsthand experience of it.  Actually, I should probably be the one apologising to you for, well, his complete. . . nincompoopery.”
“Oh.  That’s. . . good, really.  It’s nice to meet you, Sherlock.”  Greg looks thoroughly abashed and like he just wants to escape.
I fall asleep still turning it over in my mind, examining it from all angles, trying to make sense of the enigma that is Sherlock Holmes.
I blush at what he can probably read on my face, so I just fess up to it.  “I watched them all after you left.”
Although he’d never admit it, I can tell he’s anxious about today.  If I could, I’d take away all his nerves and worry, but since that’s not possible, I settle for perching on the arm of the chair and running what I hope is a comforting hand across his shoulders, settling it on the back of his neck, skin against skin.
“That one is rubbish, just in case you were, you know, looking to buy. I think it was written by someone who knows someone who once visited Afghanistan. Probably shouldn’t have it on the shelf anymore, but we have them in stock so there they stay until they’re sold, which isn’t likely to happen if I keep telling customers not to buy it…” Oh my god, stop talking right this minute, you absolute fool.
Charlie is digging here, pushing for Sherlock to admit something on live television that can’t be taken back.  I clench my hands into fists where they rest on my thighs.
“Stop trying to gain extra sympathy because it’s your birthday.  It’s not gonna work, Harry,” Greg says, toying with the springy bits of her fascinator.   She bats his hands away and then reaches across him for the wine.
For the last year, Sherlock and John have found themselves the centre of public frenzy, the likes of which the famously media-shy prince has never seen. With help from the palace communications and media teams, they had managed to keep their relationship underwraps for decades until last year, when they appeared in public together to see the Civil Partnership Act receive royal assent by King Philip, as he became the first monarch to grant royal assent in person since his great-great-great grandmother Queen Victoria. Sherlock and John chose to leave Westminster hand-in-hand, sparking headlines in papers around the world the next day.
Sinking into the kiss, John revelled in the feeling of Sherlock wrapped completely around him and as they rocked together, full-clothed on the kitchen table, he was quite certain that this wasn’t going to last very long.
“How do you take your tea? No sugar, I’m afraid, but I think Harry has a bit of milk somewhere so we don’t have to drink it black.”
Sherlock, he prayed, composing a letter of condolence in his head, wherever you are, I hope it brought you some peace to see how loved your father was by his people. To lose a parent is never easy, but especially one as respected and admired as your father, and although you might deny it, I know you felt all of those things for him as well. He was a great man, Sherlock, and I am so terribly sorry for your loss. These words seem so inadequate, but they’re all I have. Promise me that you won’t push away your brother and mother in the days ahead; they need you just as much as you need them, and may you find strength and comfort in each other. I wish I could do more than pay my respects from afar, but it's not my place. Please know you are in my thoughts and in my heart, now and always.
The hushed sounds in the garden are interrupted by the metallic grinding of a key in a lock and a screech as a garden gate is opened.
The rain hasn’t let up all day and Sherlock arrives with his coat collar turned up against the weather, his curls limp and dripping.  My heart rate speeds up at the sight of him, but I’m also nervous.  Things have been odd since we spoke last night.
“All right, Meeks, I assume you managed to secure assistance and an ambulance is indeed coming?” Meeks nodded, eyes wide and looking slightly unsteady on his feet now that his adrenaline was receding. “Good. In that case, sit down there and tell us what happened. Sherlock, come here.”
Gathering all his courage, John looked over at Sherlock and was met by a piercing gaze. They stared at each other for a second, John reading a flurry of emotion in Sherlock’s eyes before the other man schooled his expression and turned to the redhats, ignoring the Colonel, red-faced and fuming, completely.
We’re currently in the absurd situation of trying to break into private gardens, with Sherlock on one side of the fence and me on the other, and I’m trying desperately to hold onto my annoyance, but his laughter is contagious.  I can feel hilarity rising up in me, ready to fizz over like a shaken bottle of soda water, and I start to giggle.  My eyes scrunch shut and my sides begin to ache from it, and it feels wonderful.
Saturday dawns, bright and crisp.  The sitting room door is closed firmly as I go about my morning routine and does not open before I’m ready to leave the flat.  With a sigh, I shut the front door and shuffle down the stairs and onto the pavement.  The walk to work has lost a bit of its appeal today, despite the sunshine.
With all the celebrating and imbibing going on tonight, it was only natural that there would be a few injuries, either by sheer accident or ill-advised displays of machismo resulting in fisticuffs. John had witnessed all sorts of stupid drunken behaviour, especially by young soldiers who couldn’t yet hold their liquor.
I’m strangely nervous at the prospect of sharing this project with someone who isn’t Harry, and even we don’t talk about it really, just some professional comments exchanged about content and design.  She’s been kind enough not to remark on the extremely personal nature of some of the storyline.  I feel like no matter how I present it to Sherlock, he’ll just know, somehow intuiting the truth of my trauma from what my face is doing or what I’m not saying.  The intensity of Sherlock’s deductions makes opening up about the comic book that much more daunting.  But as we just established, I do trust him to be gentle with this.
BY the time I gather my things, the rain has stopped. Sherlock and John see me to the front door of their apartment, arms settled easily around each other as they wave me off. It makes me foolishly wish that afternoon tea with them was a standing occasion in my life. However, I’ll just have to settle for the one marvelous afternoon. I hope these two unique men recognise the impact that they will have on changing attitudes and creating greater acceptance for members of the LGBT community, here in the UK and further afield. They are lucky to have found each other and stayed together despite life’s hardships, only growing in their love for each other, and we are lucky to have heard their story.
Now on the road, far away from the palace and any prying eyes, Sherlock stepped on the accelerator as they moved from the more congested areas of central London to Blackheath and beyond. The wind whipped around them and John removed his hat and placed it securely in his lap.
He’s seated beside me, looking out the window.  To an outside observer, he may appear calm, but I know it’s an act.  Sherlock is as anxious as I am about this -- the first time we’ll be officially photographed together.  The paparazzi and fan photos that made their way into the tabloids and onto social media and the resulting speculation don’t count.
“That’s true, but that’s also why I came back.  I realised I didn’t want to hear about it from anyone but you.”  After a pause, I add, “If you want to tell me.”
John tumbled those two words around in his head, trying to suss their meaning from Sherlock’s intonation. They had already established the fact that nothing that had happened was exactly planned, but John doubted that it would have felt like such an adventure had it been anyone else by his side. How was it possible to develop such a fast friendship with someone? Making friends had never come easily to John, but with Sherlock it felt different. He felt different. He was laughing and getting into trouble and running.
Sherlock paused before responding.  There was the option of putting a stop to this silly lie right now or allowing it to unfurl into whatever adventure awaited them tonight.  And Sherlock was never good at resisting temptation.  “He has dark hair and a fair complexion and a permanent sour expression, like he has just tasted spoilt milk.  He is slightly taller than average height, and although he is only in his mid-twenties, he appears closer to middle-age.”
“I told him I was attending your party tonight and he insisted on coming with me.  Couldn’t keep him away, not sure what that’s all about.”
Prince William was at his shoulder now. With a disbelieving shake of his head, John kept walking, but spit out, “Not much to explain. Just a bit of a lark, wasn’t it?”
“Fine.”  Sensing his point had been made, John turned on his heel and called over his shoulder, “We can get a bus to Trafalgar along here.”
“And what of your friendship with James Moriarty?  In the months leading up to your time in rehab, there were a number of news stories reporting on your close connection to the former actor,” Charlie presses.
Finally, John pulled himself together and sighed. “I’m to be on parade in an hour. I should probably get moving if I want to make it in time.”
“Understandable,” Sherlock says and I can feel him thinking as he rests against me.  “So how does it work, you write and Harry illustrates?”
“Thanks ever so much for that vote of confidence, lads,” Barnes grumbled in response, earning a laugh from all his mates.
Sherlock snorted. “You are not old, nor hardly a cripple. Although, I imagine you feel occasional discomfort from your injury. At least you haven’t gone back to using that dreadful cane, I see.”
Halfway home, I pop into a Thai takeaway to order some food for us both.  I have no clue what Sherlock prefers, so I order a few different mains as well as some spring rolls, fishcakes and chicken satay -- far too much food for just two people.  The wait feels interminable, but my order is finally called and I take the bag, thrusting a few banknotes at the woman and not waiting for my change.
And then the driver was pulling around to the front of the palace and stopping near the Victoria Memorial. The Mall itself was mostly deserted, although John could see a few persistent revellers in the distance, who would soon wake up, most likely hungover, in the pale light that filtered through the London streets.
“More! I need it. Please, Sherlock...” John is reduced to a panting mess. It's glorious. Even his spent cock stirs and twitches, half hard and leaking.
When he finally emerges from his bedroom – hair still wet but immaculately dressed in shirt and bespoke black trousers – John is sitting at the kitchen table, happily munching away on a sandwich for lunch, leafing through The Independent. The smell of ham and cheese nearly makes Sherlock's stomach turn.
“Wait, listen to this, for example.” John sets the box down on the – no, their – double-bed and rummages through the content till he finds what he's been looking for:
“Why are we always talking about Sherlock?” Greg watches John with sharp but kind eyes and John fears he might be blushing. “Is there nothing else in your life?”
And with that, his brother is gone. Sherlock has a bitter taste in his mouth, but what other option did he have? Everybody has to sacrifice something during a war. He won't be an exemption.
John does as he is told and locks eyes with Sherlock, who is lubing himself thoroughly. The bright red condom should look ridiculous but instead it actually frightens John a little. He sincerely hopes Sherlock knows what he's doing.
“Sherlock, what...? Oh god...” John's slight discomfort evaporates in bright white bliss at the touch of Sherlock's tongue between his arse cheeks, licking one broad swipe from perineum all the way up to John's tailbone.
John Watson has his own secrets that have nothing to do with espionage. Yet he guards them even more closely than if he’d been involved in treason. He’s learned his lesson. Careless talk costs indeed lives.
To the world of shadows they've returned, existing somewhere in-between. Unable to stay, they seem yet unwilling to leave their home at 221 Baker Street. Here those two somehow survive, protecting their eternal love. They are always so tender with each other. It breaks Martha's heart to imagine the place without them.
To distract himself from the atrocious evidence of Sherlock's morbid pastimes, John focuses his attention on his patient: “Your t-shirt is ruined beyond rescue.”
I'm coming home to you. We'll finally be together. At the eve before my ship sails back to England, I am ridden with fear as to how we'll manage. Will we be able to adjust to civilian life? Will we withstand the pressure we’ll be under, the necessity to hide our feelings for all the world, because apparently our love is illegal? How will we cope in the face of the persistent threat of exposure? I am reminded that we hardly knew each other before the war separated us for so long. And I must confess, I start to doubt that we will succeed.
John turns and is about to leave, but Sherlock grabs his wrist. “It's only half past three in the afternoon, John.” He points out.
“Because I fit his type, going by the other victims, all working for the same escort agency: tall, pale, slim, dark haired, mid-thirties…”
His audience, with critical and incredulous glances, watches as Sherlock firmly ties one end of the twine to the handle of the revolver. With great care he marks the exact spot where the body of Mario Gibson has been found. He then hunts among the heather and the ferns – all swirling coat and bobbing curls - while the two policemen glance at each other in disbelief and Gibson smiles rather appreciatively - until he finds a hefty stone. This, Sherlock secures to the other end of his line of string, which he then hangs over the parapet of the bridge so that it swings just above the water. Eventually, Sherlock takes his position on the fatal spot in the middle of the road, some distance from the edge of the bridge, with the revolver in his hand, the cord taut between the weapon and the heavy stone on the farther side.
The siren call of morphine is strong during those empty hours, but Sherlock resist, knowing how much John would hate it. He sits in his old, battered chair in the living room and watches the light change, staring into nothing until his brother arrives in the evening.
“Always, Mrs Hudson.” Sherlock shouts back and John has to hide a smile while feigning intense concentration on Sherlock's injuries.
“Would you like to hear more? I bet you do. At uni, I experimented. It was interesting. I realised I preferred practices that offered release without too much physical contact. The emphasis on technical elements made sure that only a small amount of intimacy was required. The sex followed precisely negotiated rules, at least most of the time. I could tell you about it in detail if you like.”
Maybe he shouldn't have had that second glass of wine is the last coherent thought he remembers later before his mind goes entirely blank.
“Please, this is not easy for me... but… honestly… where do you stand regarding all… this?” Again, John's hand makes an indecisive gesture but now it's more a weave between the two of them. John vividly imagines the cogs in Sherlock's head turning. “Please, I know that must sound rather brazen, coming from me, but don't think too much. Just say… something.”
The chill turned to ice and I knew I had walked into a trap that I might not be able to walk out of.
“You’re not going to hurt me are you old boy?” I said in a very jovial tone. Holmes looked at me and then down not meeting my gaze.
“I believe that was our ‘host’ Lord Tackart who had some rather heated discussions with about trade with Father. But I don’t think he is behind this. He is doing this for someone else.”
“Why don’t you come over to the house and see if you can figure out what happened after he left with that amazing brain of yours.”
Jamie reached over and kissed me on the mouth rather sensually. I could feel myself responding to the touch as I had been deprived of any human contact other than kicks and punches.
“The past several days I have been….uncomfortable. I put it down to all the travel and changes in diet and the like.”
“I really need to admonish the cleaning crew,” said a voice that Toby recognized as John, “Considering what I pay them, this room should be spotless.”
I have not been in the right frame of mind and my creativity fled as I watch my country be torn down from the inside out. Now worried about health insurance and retirement accounts and half a dozen other things that seem to be vanishing without anyone noticing what is happening or if they do notice, there seems nothing we can do about it.
I mouthed ‘follow my lead’ and she smiled. I took my left hand and placed it right above his torso where he could feel the warmth coming from it but not the hand itself. I ran my hand down his torso and then up his arm as Mary did the same. This elicited a rather sharp intake of breath from Holmes. We did this several times and then changed to just our fingertips running patterns across his torso not going lower than his navel.
“I am sure you will do what you need to do but Sherlock he’s not that wrong. It was in very bad taste,” started Mycroft before Sherlock cut him off.
“They are like rabbits, every time you think you have them under control, another burrow shows up on our lawn,” said Jim filing his nails.
Mycroft got up and went to the door. He opened it and Sherlock could see his assistant on the other side with courier pouch that she handed over to Mycroft, “I believe this is what you were talking about.”
“Very well, he can keep his shirt and trousers but not his coat, shoes and socks. You may both keep your undergarments after we have a look at them,” said our captor.
“Oh you were off working on one of your experiments with Uncle Sherlock,” I said with a dismissive wave of my hand.
Mycroft gave a stiff bow to Holmes and one to me, “We are grateful to both of you for your service.”
John Watson’s head hurt and his mouth felt dry. He opened an eye only to find that his head seemed to be covered with a burlap sack. He slowly came back to himself and tested his limbs to find out that he had been lashed to a chair with zip ties and tape.
Then he started to notice something. There was a smell, a lovely smell. He had never quite smelled anything like it but he wanted to smell it more. He realized that the smell was on Sherlock. John figured that he had changed his body wash or shampoo but whatever it was, it was enticing.
“I told you to KILL him. How do you know that Lord Barton had not confided in his slave what he suspected? You saw his file. You know his loyalty and record of service. He’s a loose end and the fact he ended up with a Holmes is high suspect especially since he is HERE NOW.”
“Calm down Pet. We are about to start. Billy has your props ready to go. Now remember to listen to the music and what I am saying to you and you will be fine.”
“How about after I last saw you in Germany,” I said, “Mycroft had snippets information of where you were until you vanished.”
Moriarty came over to me and said, “You did very well ‘Johan’. You endured your punishment well so we have agreed you deserve a treat.”
“Now let’s not have a repeat of last time Sebastian,” said voice 2, “I don’t want to have to bury this one too.”
He shifted the flogger from my nethers to my chest paying special attention to my nipples. I groaned and pulled a bit on my bonds but I knew I was going nowhere.
I could see both boys getting ready to object but Mycroft cut it off, “Boys, go with Nan. I will see you both at dinner and if you are good, Doctor Watson will be joining us.”
And Lestrade’s door slammed open with a very much in heat and very irritated John Watson storming in.
I rolled my sleeve up and pulled out the dagger. I drew the dagger across my arm. The pain did focus me and gave me that moment of clarity that I so desperately needed.
Sherlock looked nervous. I could not tell if he was acting or if he was nervous at the time. We took him into the display room. He removed his clothes and placed them in the closet provided. He knelt where he was ordered. Mary and I sat on chairs on either side of him to answer questions. A flogger and a paddle were placed on hooks on a stand next to where Holmes was displayed.
I awoke to Holmes nuzzling the back of my neck. His hand was slung over my belly and was starting to go lower. I could feel myself responding to the touch but I willed myself to stop as I did not know who I was in bed with.
He gave me such a look of dread and hopelessness. I gave name to that dark thought     that had been running around in his head.
“John could you put on a light for me? It is rather dark in here and I can’t seem to get anyone else to understand.”
The camera went back to the glass showing him his brother being shocked over and over. Mycroft started to cry as he listened to his brother’s voice breaking over and over.
The next couple of weeks were a blur. I kept some idea of how long it was by the marks I made on the wall to give myself some idea of time.
I gave him a slight bow and took my tray to the kitchen. I placed the used items where I had been instructed and went for another tray of drinks to pass out to the guests.
He heard a gagging sound from his Pet as the strike had thrust the cock down his throat faster than expected. The Pet adjusted and continued to suckle on it.
Greg had listened over many a pint to John raving about his insane mate. Once totally in his cups, John had confessed how he, who Greg had assumed was a Beta, had become an Omega and also that it didn’t bother him as much as he thought it should. Greg had consoled John as much as he could but it just didn’t sit right with him.
He held up his hand, “No, Delek said that I should find someone I trust and tell them what I do remember before I go away.”
His physical appearance took a little more work. Sherlock Holmes had been the subject of study in news articles over most of the world. His face has been illustrated accurately. Since he was being sold, he couldn’t make sure he had access to his tools for disguise.
“We were right that we are in Northern England. Now we have to get ourselves home or at least get some sort of message to our father so he can get us home.”
Yama pulled down the quilt that had been covering Sherlock and folded it on the floor. Sherlock went on to it and curled up in a ball. Yama motioned for me to get the quilt from my bed and give it to him. He covered Sherlock with the quilt.
“Watson, you have made your feeling clear about how you feel about what I am about to do. Even after expressing your recalcitrance about this whole affair, you did what was asked of you and worked to prepare me for what I must do next. And for that I do thank you. I know you. I know your mind. I want you to remember what happens next as my promise that you will serve me until our dying days. Always. Now I want you to stand up and grab the footboard. Ass out and ready.”
The cleaning crew was not happy with what they found that night in both rooms and let it be known loudly.
“Now Tiger, here are the rules to your game,” he took the leash and led the man to the St. Andrew’s cross that was set up in the playroom. There were a pair of soft leather cuffs attached to the top of the cross.
Then one morning I just got up on my own and got dressed. Went to the dining room and found my breakfast waiting.
He took two sets of noise cancelling headphones and turned on the white noise. He put them on the man to his far right and his far left.
Sherlock accepted his cup and saucer and took a few sips before putting it down and starting to pace.
He rolled up his sleeve showing his bare arm and the scarring from needles. The scars were both old and new.
Both Mary and I tried not to laugh. It was not a laughing matter. We called upon our training to stifle the giggles that were coming to our lips. Thank G-d he was blindfolded so he could not see our faces.
“You must,” said Mycroft, “you and only you can do this. We are compromised and I cannot find out where or who. This is the only way we can be sure of our safety and the safety of the Marketplace as a whole.”
“You utter bastard,” John shouted, “You absolute bastard. Why? Why would you do this to me? Isn’t my heat enough for the Great Sherlock Homes? Isn’t the sex outside my heats satisfying? Now you have to induce more out of me?”
The new purchases were taken together and put in a boxcar on the train. We were blindfolded and chained together which made walking difficult at best.
I grabbed a piece of leather lace and tied up Watson’s balls and cock in a neat package. His balls were a lovely red purple color and were pulled tight to his body.
Yama nodded, “To hold onto himself, he let other pieces of himself to fragment. We have so far counted six other personalities in his head besides your Master.”
“No that seems to be a new one. It does fill in a piece of what we have sorted out about his captivity. I wonder what triggered it now?”
Sherlock nodded and he watched John go into the kitchen and prepare tea for them. He would glance over at Toby who seemed to be asleep but Sherlock could tell he was faking. He decided to give the illusion that he was not watching Toby while cataloguing his new pet in his mind-palace.
“He was telling me to be careful and that you are not a man to be trifled with. I ask that you release Hamish as you can see he has been badly used and need medical attention.”
He felt hands removed the cuffs and straps that bound him to the sling. Earphones were taken off and the room was loud to him. The blindfold was removed along with the very soggy eye pads. He blinked even in the low light of the room.
He was talking to Delek in the European study they had created for Yama. I was motioned to a chair and sat down waiting for their conversation to be over.
The blindfold came off. Sherlock blinked a few times allowing his eyes to adjust to the light which was behind him.
I gave him what Holmes had told me so far and promised to continue to tell them everything that I learned. Yama checked over my body and changed the bandages that needed changing.
He grabbed my chin and forced me to meet his eye, “It is not nothing John. It will always be a symbol of my failure to keep you safe.”
William shook my hand strongly and said, “Now let’s figure out how we can get out of here starting with the door.”
Delek sat back in his chair and steepled his fingers, “That is a complicated question that does not have a simple answer. We need to guide him back to himself. To put fit the pieces back into the whole.”
“I think we are stuck here for a bit,” I said, “We just have to wait for them to make a mistake or our family to find us.”
I stroked his back and arm while holding him. Mary got up and poured a glass of water from the pitcher in the room. I got him to drink some and drank the rest myself.
First I placed the leather ring around my cock and balls knowing that if I didn’t do that first, I would have a difficult later.
I had plenty of capital to spend on this venture between the monies for the sale to Wilson, the monies from my house for my sales, and the rather large bequest from my original Master. I put this in Mycroft’s hands so he could get me the funds I needed along the way.
It was heading towards winter when I found myself in my surgery staring at the figure in front of me with my mind not believing what I was seeing.
“Let Jamie go,” said Moran who had grabbed Sherlock and put a gun to his head, “Or I swear you will watch another Master’s head explode.”
Mycroft burned with shame. John had him and both men knew it. Mycroft would do anything to keep what happened out of that room.
“Oh Will, you can’t get another lung infection. Remember what our Doctor said before we left for Eton.”
He stood up and came over to where I was kneeling. He ran his fingers through my hair before grabbing a handful and giving a good tug on it. He forced me to look at him.
He held up the gild edge contract that I had signed proclaiming myself the sole property of Sherlock Holmes as long as we both shall live almost a year ago.
The cottage was owned by the Holmes family and had be their summer place during Holmes’ childhood. Mycroft had deeded it to Holmes after the passing of their father along with the cost of any upkeep, which is not a small amount of money that didn’t have to come out of our pockets.
I rolled over to see Holmes looking at me very intently. After a short while he relaxed and said, “Good. They didn’t do it.”
I heard him muttering in that falsetto voice that pained me so, “I’ll be good Master. I’ll be good. Don’t teach me a lesson. Please, don’t. This is a test. I have to pass the test. I don’t need correction. I’m the Master’s good girl. I can’t…” He put his fist in his mouth to stifle a scream.
He slowed down his breathing realizing that he was breathing in the mask. He could hear the hiss of oxygen being feed into it.
Before stepping into the tub to shower, Sherlock allows himself a look in the mirror, carefully touching his face. He's pale and haggard, his eyes sunken and bloodshot (but that can be attributed to the unfamiliar intake of alcohol last night), his cheeks hollow. He looks knackered but might blame a hangover and get away with it, as he rarely drinks anything stronger than sweet milky tea.
So, to stop things from escalating and thereby deteriorating further, Sherlock leaves his room and goes upstairs to tell John off unmistakably, once and for all.
James is shipped off back home. I wished I could go with him. I'll miss him. He became a true friend.
“It seems uncle Sherlock was rather reserved in his writing, compared to what John had dared to confide. But then, his letters were sent via force’s mail, so they would have been censored by the military. I'm sure he couldn't be as frank as he'd liked to be.”
“You won’t. I promise.” Sherlock would actually promise so much more if John would just ask for it, but that’s another story.
Thanks to everyone who read this story! I know it started rather bleak but I hope I ended on a somewhat hopeful note...
Sherlock had shuddered at the thought. Just imagining John pushing his tongue into his mouth had made his skin prickle all over. Doing things like this with someone he'd have to face over the breakfast table every day felt unsettling in the extreme. Too much intimacy. No way to hide.
Sherlock hooks his ankles over John's shoulders and spreads even wider to draw him in, deeper and deeper, until he hits the spot that makes Sherlock literally howl.
“I pay extra.” It's messy, open-mouthed, all tongues and teeth, but neither of them does particularly care.
She finally breaks the spell, grabbing her Latte and making for the door. “Thanks a lot, John. You made my day. I promise to pay you back.” She winks at him and then she's gone. Mr. Chatterjee smirks over the counter as John leaves for his appointment in a much lighter and relaxed mood than usual.
“In the end someone found out. Mycroft intervened on my behalf, so the college refrained from involving the police. I was simply sent down. It was not that I had particularly liked uni but studying had somehow organised my days. There had been schedules, lab time, tutorials – now there was nothing.” He bites his lower lip as he remembers the lost young man he had been back then. “I didn't want to go home to my parents, so I had to stay with Mycroft. I went cold turkey for about a week, locked into my room. My brother insisted on rehab but I told him to shut it and piss off. I survived, got clean... and bored. Mycroft nagged me about my future plans. You know he can be a real pain in the arse and at that time I wasn't... stable. After a rather bad row he eventually threw me out.”
“Sherlock, what the fuck…?” Sherlock imagines John’s shocked face, words dying in his mouth as he watches Sherlock in horror, his jaw going slack as he's confronted with openly displayed addiction, witnessing Sherlock's need and dependency.
John doesn't think about his next question; he just asks it because he's curious: “What did you live on? Did you, I don't know... pickpocket tourists on Trafalgar Square? Scrounged for some change?”
He has slid into bed and switched off the lights when he hears soft footsteps on the stairs. Then the floor boards in front of his bedroom door creak; there's a tentative knock.
But when John looks up at Sherlock's face all doubt and reluctance leaves him in an instant. Sherlock watches, mesmerised, as his finger sinks deeper into John, shameless longing so openly displayed on his sharp features that John can't help himself but moan with desire.
William squints. “She was an opera singer, rather successful during the late forties and early fifties. I think she gave it all up when she married and moved to America. No idea why they kept this.”
Sherlock's eyelids flutter shut momentarily as he revels in the instantaneous sensation of the potion spreading through his body, numbing him while simultaneously alerting every nerve and fibre of his being.
I hope you are all right. Could do with a hug from you, or a kiss, or just hearing your voice, telling me it will be alright.
John can't help but smile. “Fine. But as I said, I love you. I... want to protect you. I have the disquieting feeling that in your past you had some rather... bad experiences. I don't want to add to them. So, please, tell me if things get too much, or if you don't want to...”
All went well. I go by the name of Joachim Lenz now, wounded in action and transferred to the BdS. Before the war, I allegedly visited England regularly. My gait helps adding credibility to my role. It's strange, speaking German all the time. It feels alien, those words coming out of my mouth. I miss you.
Lestrade coughs but says nothing. When John finally looks at him, the DI seems to be deep in thought.
John remembers the young woman seeking advice from Sherlock earlier this week. Something about a strange bloke following her to and from the station on her way to work and back. Hadn't sounded that promising. Who'd known that Sherlock Holmes had a soft spot for damsels in distress ...?
Instead of in a filthy cell, as John had expected, he finds himself in a shabby office. His back still hurts where the truncheon has hit him, but otherwise he has regained his composure. But the uncertainty of his situation starts to get to him. His head hurts, and his hands are shaking.
At least I was allowed back into the flat to get some of my things. I took the photograph from Brighton, I hope you don't mind. It's just, my brain is not like yours. I forget things. But I couldn’t live with forgetting you, the way you looked, your smile, your eyes, how you taste when you are desperate for me, the sounds you make when I'm inside you...
But his eyes burn bright with glee and smugness and he doesn't bother to drink the hot sweet tea John presses into his hands, nor does he take the hint to shower, until John almost pushes him into the bathroom but not before he's finished the tale of his latest triumphantly solved adventure. John cannot help himself, he grins from ear to ear seeing Sherlock so utterly pleased with himself and therefore benevolently condescending towards the rest of the world.
