,' he heard Harry's voice echo, words she'd told him many times throughout their life, now whispered like a ghostly message into his ear. John would never be able to hear those words again, because Harry wouldn't be alive to say them.
John was breathing his air, and Sherlock, John's, and all Sherlock could think of was cobalt. Those eyes that understood him, bared him, made him feel curiously strange. It was delightful, and Sherlock pushed back, wanting to give John a reason to return.
'Um, good I guess," John murmured reluctantly. "Holmes is a bit... eccentric, but nothing I can't handle." Might be a bit of a stretch, considering the man caused John's heart to leave the immediate vicinity of his chest, at minimum, three times a day. "The work is a bit dull, but..." John trailed off, shrugging, hoping that Mike would pick up on his reluctance to talk about work and Mister 'Wanna-take-you-over-the-electric-kettle' Holmes.
"So," John began with a weary sigh, and brought one hand up to massage the nape of his neck as he peered around. "How is all of this supposed to work?"
" and planned accordingly. At dinner, you displayed signs of dishonesty, unable to meet my eyes, dilated pupils, which wouldn't be reasonable seeing as we weren't yet engaged in any sort of sexual play; you also lick your lips habitually whenever in stressful situations."
Harriet was positively dull and naught but a fly in his ear. He indulged the little girl, pretending to listen, but John kept capturing his attention. The little hellion was flirting with him, then, staring coquettishly from under thick, dark lashes.
Sherlock remembers watching him outside the door to his bedroom, scolding his younger sister, Harriet, for her careless words about their parent's subsequent divorce. John was so young, yet starving for attention, working his way through a rebellious streak teenagers often came into when they were tired of being treated like children.
Hello all! So I know it's been a long time. I sincerely apologize for how long it's taken to get this chapter out but life has been insanely busy. Can't say that I'm unhappy about that, though. Once again, thank you so much to my betas
John swallowed twice, before he could bring himself to speak, blinking rapidly. He hadn't even been aware that he'd been attuned to Sherlock's pack. John could only remember his scattered thoughts at the time, the need to get to a safe place. The hunters stayed on his tail the entire time, never too far off, but he'd thought they were trying to kill him, when in reality, John only succeeded in doing their dirty work for them. "Meaning, I-- meaning I lead them here."
He lay the other palm on the mattress to hold himself up, then tilted his head down to capture those lips in a blistering embrace. They were rutting like inexperienced teenagers and Sherlock was beginning to chafe, but he wouldn't give up that moment for all the mysteries in the world.
It was too soon for love, knew that wasn't what he was feeling, but John knew himself well enough to know that he was deeply fascinated by Sherlock, and entranced in his spell. It was frightening and way past the boundaries he'd initiated in this... whatever it was he was doing with Sherlock.
John found himself thanking whatever powers that be, that Mike wasn't home when he finally returned to the flat. His thighs were sore from the unexpected workout and he was sure he smelled like sex and expensive aftershave.
They both knew this was something John could have done himself, but Sherlock seemed to genuinely want to do it, and John could admit that he felt a little comfort in being taken care of.
Then, Sherlock was falling back to the floor, and a powerful grip was pulling on his trousers and pants. His thighs, once revealed, were slick and shiny in the low light, and John licked his lips in apparent anticipation. He made short work of his own clothes, shucking them off and to the side.
A beep from his phone pulled John from his idle thoughts. He ignored the zing of excitement that zipped through him once he saw the name lit up on the screen.
John took a deep, calming breath. He nodded. His palms stung from where his fingernails burrowed into them. The pain kept him grounded and his head on straight. He didn't believe that Sherlock didn't have at least an inkling, and he
Now, there was neither the threat of an imminent attack, nor the spotlight to blind him, and John’s eyes were free to roam as they wished.
John didn’t want to be the one to look away first, but the man wouldn’t drop his eyes or avert them. The way his gaze was boring into John wasn’t remotely friendly, nor was it meant to repel him; the man seemed genuinely curious, but unable to contain it as his eyes slid down John’s body shamelessly. Who was this attractive man who could catch his attention in a room full of strangers?
“Sorry, sorry,” Murray huffed, crashing into his seat with a loud screech as the chair scraped against the vinyl flooring. “Traffic is a nightmare.”
Sherlock closed his eyes, ashamed and angry. He didn't know who he was angry at more: himself, for caring, or John, for his existence.
As far as Greg knew, John had never been with a man, besides Sherlock. Would he go for the blowjob or would he use his hand? Perhaps they might retire to the room and Sherlock would fuck him? Or would they fuck on the couch? Greg knew if they did, he would never sit there again, because if he did, he would blush every time, thinking about the time his flatmates shagged exactly where he was sitting, then Sherlock would want to know why he was avoiding the couch, and further deduce that Greg had seen everything.
Anthea carefully passed him back, folding Sherlock's arms into the right position to hold the infant as he fed, supporting the bottle as John suckled on the nipple.
The words warmed him, made him feel guilty like a schoolgirl learning that her crush felt the same way. John wasn’t sure how to answer, so he pulled Sherlock down where their mouths melded together in a firm, lingering kiss.
to come into his flat and take John away? Sherlock was going to take him to the morgue, but he wanted time first. Now, John had just been snatched away.
Harry started forward, shoving at John's chest harshly, and he stumbled back, barely keeping himself on his feet. "Bugger off, you little shit! You don't know anything!"
The man's gaze trailed a heated blaze from the top of John's head to the tips of his toes in a way that made him giddy and high on some unnameable emotion.
When Sherlock was sure that Billy was out of the building, he turned with his back to the door, trembling as he noticed the dark, unrelenting gaze settled upon him from the room's only other occupant. His stomach felt effervescent and his flesh vibrated with anticipation.
would never throw him to the wayside once he realized what a loser his new puppy was. As if he was irreplaceable.
John pulled away and sat up, reaching blindly for the lamp with fumbling hands, worried that something was seriously wrong with Sherlock, but when he clicked on the light, he realized what it was.
Holmes’ ecstasy fueled his own, and John tumbled over into one of the most powerful orgasms he’d ever experienced in his life. His breath caught in his throat, toes curling as he slammed his eyes shut and let the waves of rapture roll over him. Holmes stroked him through it, leaving sloppy kisses down his jaw until he could hear again.
“RAMC, yes. And it was Af – Afghanistan.” Oh the look on his face. He was so confused, this was fun! “How could you possibly know that I was an –”
“That’s not a bad name,” Sherlock said, giggling to himself all the same. “It’s just the Scottish version of James.”
The pavement beneath his feet, the warm summer breeze on his face, Sherlock felt invigorated as he passed warehouse after warehouse. McCall took a sharp left in an attempt to lose him, leading him along the embankment, but still Sherlock kept on him. Each time his foot hit the ground, he felt himself gaining on McCall, just a few more seconds and he would have him. Just… a little… further…
“No, same name, same configuration. But I don’t care about the order. It’s up to you, whatever you want.”
– felt the smooth heat of Sherlock’s bare torso against his. And Sherlock’s mouth, oh Christ, every fantasy his brain could have ever dreamt up paled in comparison to the soft, warm, perfect, perfect,
“I feel like I’m failing you as a mother.” Mrs. Holmes mumbled under her breath. “So, where are we going?”
So I need a new router for my internet (getting it Tuesday), but I seem to have a bit of connection right now, so I'm posting this as fast as I can.
“Wait wait wait. You’re John? He’s John?” the man said, looking to Sherlock. “As in the ‘muttering under your breath’ John?”
“I know, right? But I think you and I got a couple of the only good ones.” Molly giggled. “Anyway, you can see why I really don’t have any qualms about a little white lie to get him and his friends in trouble for something they actually did.”
John couldn’t say for certain how he did it, perhaps he had maintained some of his strength from the army, but he managed to shift the beam off of Sherlock’s leg, freeing him from the rubble. Taking as much care with his clearly broken left leg as possible, John lifted Sherlock into a fireman’s carry, and made his way out of the house.
“Of course, my apologies. I’m Dr. John Watson, I’m the doctor who brought him in last night.” Technically true. “I can’t say I’m too familiar with this hospital, I’m usually over at Bart’s.” Or at least he used to be over at Bart’s while still in training, but she didn’t need to know that.
“Maybe if you stopped pretending you’re a spider monkey, and trying to run and climb around whilst injured, I wouldn’t have to do this in the first place.”
“Oh Sherlock, no, I’m not laughing at you.” John said, the traces of laughter still in his voice, “I think it was kind of… sweet.”
“True, but they had to figure the police were going to be watching every fence in the city. The rumored owner of a fifteen million quid necklace dies and the necklace goes missing. I’d at least wait a couple months, let the case go cold, before trying to unload it,” John said. “And there’d be no way I’d leave it in my flat. I’d set up some sort of offsite storage beforehand.”
“Well, you two live together don’t you?” Sherlock nodded. “Right, and then he always sits and waits for you. I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have assumed.”
“You’ve been busy doing the actual investigation.” Molly tried to comfort him, it didn’t work. God, he might have had John home already if he had just thought logically for a second. He wasted so much time dealing with individuals when he could have mobilized all of London. Idiot, failing John at every turn. John deserved so much better than him.
“Perfect.” John breathed, snaking his arms around Sherlock’s neck and shoulders, crashing their lips together. He could taste himself on Sherlock lips, and on his tongue. Normally, the taste of his own release – for lack of a better word – left a bad taste in his mouth, but on Sherlock, mixed with the taste of Sherlock’s lips and tongue, it was amazing.
Sherlock let out a long sigh, his body visibly relaxing. “I’ve just imagined… well, maybe not this exact scenario, but ones like it, so many times… I just couldn’t be too sure.”
“Right, you can come in, but just don’t touch anything.” Lestrade said, beckoning both John and Sherlock forward.
“Hey everyone!” She said cheerfully. “Greg had to take a call, so his unofficial emcee duties have temporarily fallen on me. The speeches are done, we’ve enjoyed some delicious food, now it’s time for John and Sherlock to have their first dance as man and husband!”
“I think I’ll just leave you boys. Sherlock, make sure to clean the dishes and bring them back down.” Mrs. Hudson said, pushing back from the table. He had forgotten she was there. “I was lovely talking to you, John.” She smiled.
“Do you want my number or something?” John asks when it’s time for him to turn down his street. “You know, so I can see a crime scene.” He adds when met with a puzzled look from Sherlock.
And so we've come to the end of the one-shot that wouldn't stop growing and turned into a chaptered fic!
“I thought I heard the door.” John beamed, leaning up to meet Sherlock’s kiss hello. He had to pull away too soon for his liking. Three months on and he still wasn’t used to those perfect lips, that they were his – and only his – to kiss whenever he wanted, but they had company to consider.
Sherlock completely ignored John, which was typical, choosing instead to address the Detective Inspector. “Lestrade, text me the address.”
John’s next call was to Mrs. Hudson. Lestrade had let him know that he had already spoken to her, and was keeping her in the loop, but John felt she ought to get the news from him directly. She seemed relieved to hear from him, and even more so when he said he was staying and not leaving until Sherlock is released.
Oh, of course, the upcoming party. It was always about the party. There were times Sherlock could almost forget about it – and John’s inevitable departure – never entirely, but almost. Then John would do or say something that made it come roaring to the forefront of his thoughts.
“They have us in room 122.” John said when he returned from the check-in desk with two old-fashion keys. The inn John had chosen really was taking ‘authentic country charm’ seriously – aside from the high speed wi-fi of course.
“He was working a case, and had me run the name of a guy he suspected of selling stolen pain medication on the black market.” Lestrade explained, keeping his voice calm and level. “He ran off to confront the suspect, and based what we’ve gathered, the man panicked. He had a knife, and he…” He didn’t bother to finish his sentence.
“That’s the thing, I don’t know.” Malcolm said, twisting his hands nervously. “He kind of stumbled back to our room last night in really bad shape. He wouldn’t tell me what happened.”
“It’s not like I intended –” but the rest of Sherlock’s protest was interrupted by his phone pinging.
“That your hair has gone ridiculously frizzy, and you look incredibly adorable.” Teased John, his fingers carding through Sherlock’s hair.
“I do live here.” Sherlock said flatly, not looking up from his microscope. Was he doomed to never get a moment’s peace? He did have a murder to solve, after all.
“It should be a small square nub on the bottom of the unit; you have to turn it clockwise until you feel the flywheel turn freely.”
They spent the next couple of hours putting the finishing touches on ‘the plan’, practicing how they would attack. It was pathetic to say the least, hardly any better than John’s original ‘get stabbing’ approach, but they were down to the wire, it was go for broke, or just accept fate, and Sherlock Holmes never accepted anything as juvenile as fate.
“You’re never an imposition, Sherlock, never.” John sighed. “Remember, I’ve been trying to get you to come out and watch.”
“That’s what I’ve been telling you from the start.” Ella said with a small smile. “Now I believe in our last session I asked you to start thinking about ideas for how you can put your skills to good use and what to do about finding a job that’s still fulfilling. So, let’s pick up from there, shall we?”
Agreeing to help out Sherlock, turned out better than John could have expected. It was certainly better than how he originally thought his evening was going to go. Wandering around the gala with Sherlock was fantastic, Sherlock deducing his childhood, his bad shoulder, and his life in medical school, John filling in the gaps when rarely needed. Yes he had to avoid the servers, John still wasn’t convinced Sherlock was right about them being unable to recognize him, but hanging around Sherlock was absolutely fantastic.
Sherlock could hear movement, and after a few moments, tilted his head back to find John standing at his elbow, arms folded, staring at him.
and everything will be right as rain, hmm? You must think quite highly of yourself to think one conversation with you will make everything better.”
“You know, I just realized something.” John said a couple hours later, after Sherlock had packed a bag, and they lay wrapped around one another on the sofa. “I never formally asked you to come with me, I just sort of assumed you knew there was nobody else but you. This whole mess could have been avoided if I had just done things right!”
“Because it will only separate you further, and probably keep you from making friends. Don’t you want to make friends with the other boys and girls?”
He was not exaggerating. So far they had had each other – in one way or another – on the bed twice, against the door of the suite and to the bedroom, in the shower, on the table of the kitchenette, and on the floor of the sitting room.
“Did I… Did I do it wrong?” He never was a good gage of what was and wasn’t appropriate. Maybe a framed picture of his brain was too weird?
“… and you’ll only ever find that kind of wear pattern on the door of a good restaurant.” Sherlock finished saying just as their waitress set down their drinks, conveniently allowing her hand to brush along Sherlock’s. She had been flirting with him since the moment they walked in the door, and being very obvious about it.
Unfortunately, John was also probably – definitely – just like every other jock Sherlock had ever had the misfortune of meeting. And Sherlock had been on the receiving end of one too many ‘boys just being boys’ assaults, to be fooled by tussled blond hair, a kind smile, and deep blue eyes filled with what looked like concern.
This is the last chapter, all that's left is the epilogue to tell us if these two crazy kids can make a relationship work.
“You’re being obtuse on purpose, aren’t you?” Sherlock sighed. John just grinned. “Fine. You asked me to marry you with the pocket watch, and I can’t imagine a better and more perfect engagement gift, but I think we should still have engagement rings. They are the most commonly recognized sign of an engagement.”
“Well we were stuck together in the flat; we couldn’t very well stay silent.” Sherlock knew that was a lie, he could remain silent for days if he so wished.  By the look on Mrs. Hudson’s face, she knew he was lying as well.
Scanning the room again, Sherlock formulated a plan, he just needed one more element for it to work. There, nervously standing by the display boards, empty tray under his arm, looking a bit lost in his ill fitted suit, was a blond man, roughly two or three years older than Sherlock. He would do perfectly.
“Not your manservant.” John said, hoping against hope that he wasn’t blushing, but strongly suspected he was.
Sherlock shook his head in befuddlement and John's hackles raised at the condescension. "You're an idiot if you haven't realized we've passed this point eons ago," Sherlock stepped forward and grabbed John's face between his large hands. "You're not some passing fancy that I call for a fuck when I need it, and you were never that before. Before, when I said relationships weren't my area, I meant it and I still do. I'm horrible with sentiment and  I hate people, but I
Sherlock’s groped for the remote in his pocket and turned it to the highest setting, his heart hammering as John’s body convulsed against him. He made the most beautiful sounds and Sherlock kissed him, pulling the noises straight from John’s throat and into his mouth.
John paused, meeting her green eyes in the glass. “Jesus, Irene, it’s just sex! We’re not declaring our undying love for one another.”
Sherlock kept walking, past the stage and the bar, to the firmly shut door on the other side of the room.
Sherlock leaned forward and placed his lips softly on John's cheek, his fingers coming up to skirt lightly down the younger man's arm, goose pimples following in their wake.
Sherlock didn't know how he would explain it to her, but to his surprise, she took it in stride, though she was still in awe. "I've never heard of such a thing in my life, but well- Sherlock, you've gotten a second chance with your John, even if it isn't quite what you expected."
Fire, he would eventually come to compare it to. It felt like he was on fire, but John didn't know if that was from the infection afterwards or the bullet wound itself.
And there it was. Sherlock’s habits were threatened so he would do any and everything to distance himself from anyone attempting to intervene with the drugs. John was familiar with the tactic and didn't allow it to deter him. “No, Sherlock, I know what you're doing and I'm not going to let it happen.”
“John.” Irene stayed him with a hand over his, until he met her eyes. “You've closed yourself off to everyone who has wanted to pursue you in the years that we’ve known one another. Maybe it's time to let that go,” she said, gripping John's fingers with her smaller ones. “I can see that he adores you. It's not love; you haven't had nearly enough time for that and I don't believe in that love at first sight drivel… but, it could be, one day.”
"With pleasure," Sherlock growled, yanking the chain closer, thus roughly jostling John's arm and wrist in a vindictive, childish manner.
John nodded and leant to the side to dig the recorder from his pocket. "Do you mind?" He asked Holmes to which he received only an arched eyebrow in response. "Okay, let's begin." John fumbled with the voice recorder, flustered under Holmes' intense scrutiny. He sat it on the table and clicked the red button to begin recording.
His body was growing warm, and Sherlock’s was too by the flushed skin of his chest and neck. He'd bared his throat, head pressed into the cushions as John milked that lovely cock between his cheeks. His arse was already sticky from Sherlock’s leaking erection, John could picture beads of white fluid slipping down his glands and leaving translucent, wet stripes on John’s skin as he slid over the length of him.
on me." John jabbed a finger at the tabloid, wanting nothing more than to shove it in Sherlock's face and make him acknowledge it.
John didn't need any more incentive than that. He was already shirtless, so all he needed to do was shuck his jeans.
Why was he so susceptible to John's pheromones? Usually such things scents eluded him, but his sinuses was clearer than ever, and Sherlock might just bare his neck if only to have John's lips against his skin-
John stepped away, unsure of himself and Sherlock, after his proposal. “What do you want in return?” It came out a bit sharper than he’d meant, but Sherlock didn't blink before replying as if he’d already known what John was going to ask.
is so funny," Sherlock growled, his hand going self-consciously up to his hair, rearranging the nest of curls into a further mess. John couldn't help it; he laughed harder.
Sherlock's words were cordial, but John was intelligent enough to read the underlying message. Later that day, when Sherlock had John panting against him in the foyer, he was glad his message had been so obviously received and understood.
Without warning, John found himself with two arms full of pale skin and a tongue in his mouth that was not his own. He could taste the metallic tang of blood explode in his mouth transferred from Sherlock's bloodied lips.
When he glanced up, Holmes had spotted him as well and whatever he had been saying broke off mid-sentence. His eyes flickered from John to a point behind his shoulder, where they narrowed. The woman he was with stopped and turned as well, lifting a finely pointed brow when she saw John.
Mycroft stepped into the room with a sense of imperiousness that made Sherlock’s skin prickle, and his teeth grit. Everything about him screamed superiority, from the delicate tap of his ridiculously expensive umbrella on the lacquered wood, to the soft swish of chafing cashmere. Mycroft’s keen gaze drifted around the room with painstaking intensity, and Sherlock noted as his brother’s eyes zeroed in on even the minuscule changes. Always watching, frustratingly omniscient. Sherlock wanted him gone.
Afterwards, John lay on his side and Sherlock on the other, cleaning himself off with John's shirt and tossing it to John who did the same before throwing it somewhere in the room.
Sherlock looked up sharply, regarding this younger John with stark intensity. It almost had the same uncomfortable atmosphere as their first dinner together at Angelo's. “Are you what?”
It was gratifying to be touched, pulled into a long body that pressed so gorgeously against his own. There was something in John's chest, expanding until he felt fit to burst. Jesus, he'd been touched by lovers before, but never anything as potent as Sherlock's touch seemed to be.
Sherlock finally moved, turning fully towards John, resplendent, even in pyjama bottoms and a t-shirt, with that gown thrown over. Even in this madness, Sherlock was beautiful and mesmerizing, but his face was dark and malevolent, like a vengeful spirit.
Sherlock groaned and tore his lips away until the two of them were merely panting, trembling masses. Sherlock pulled away and grabbed John's hand to pull him through the sitting room.
Mycroft’s expression cleared instantly, cold and impenetrable. “Those certainly weren’t your words when you needed my help discrediting Moriarty.”
Something in the way he spoke those last words made John's spine straighten in alarm. Who was this man and what happened to make him so frigid? Lestrade must have felt it too, because he swallowed before continuing on, not quite masking his wariness.
The group makes their way to the treeline in the direction Victor's group split off to during the earlier patrol. John's feet meet in the air with every push forward, and kick up dirt on every landing; the synchronization of their coterie is beautiful as they run closer towards the potential enemy.
Sherlock stepped closer and watched, riveted, as those legs seemed to spread wider for him. “Always so eager for me,” he said, and knelt in front of his love. “Even when you couldn't conceive of all the things I think about doing to you.”
Sherlock closed the door behind them, and as the lock clicked into place, so did the gravity of the moment.
John could see the tendons straining in Sherlock’s neck and arms as he slammed John down on his cock, a long, constant growl only disturbed by the jolt of their bodies meeting violently over and over again. John reached for his cock, having long neglected it as it slapped against his stomach and thigh with each stroke.
The accuracy of Sherlock's statement was a blow to his gut. There was no way he could possibly survive an attack without a pack to fight beside him. Had John been in the woods alone, he'd be some hunter's trophy kill. It was a bitter pill to swallow, and it went down just as sourly as he expected.
The beat changed to a pop-like rhythm as she landed on the stage and threw the boa to the crowd. Someone caught it and yelled, “I love you, Lady Grey!”
Something wet dropped onto the paper, and Jasper pushed his glasses up and swiped madly at his eyes with the sleeve of his shirt, afraid to smear the ink on the letter.
Which reminded him that he would need to set an appointment for John soon. Well, after Sherlock fed him up a bit.
“Well, they say things aren’t always what they seem to be,” The ringleader crooned into the microphone, drawing the stragglers into the grand room. Waiters in uniform slid deftly through the crowd, barely stopping to allow enough time for one to grab another glass.
Anthea strutted in just behind him, a bag on her arm and a bottle filled with milk. Mycroft nodded to Molly as he waved Anthea forward towards where Sherlock stood with John cradled tightly in his arms. "I rather thought my baby brother might be clueless in such a situation," Mycroft proclaimed haughtily, lifting his beak-like nose into the air. "You can stop suffocating the child, Sherlock. I'm not going to take him, which is also why I've come to speak with you, brother dear."
, the clock blinked back at John, in bright, unwelcome digital font. If he allowed himself to lay there any longer, wallowing in self-pity, he really wouldn't have a job to ponder over.
John's hands had travelled up the nape of Sherlock's neck, cutting bloody crevasses into his skin. Sherlock's breath stuttered as he stared back at John, and a hand dislodged from his lover's bloody side and grasped at his own chest, clutching at the shirt. It hurt so bad. He couldn't breathe. What was John doing to him?
Not even tinted windows could hide those piercing eyes and the intent behind them. No matter John's choice, he was sure that this man would never allow him to step foot in 221B after the week was over.
John turned over, raising up on his elbows as he regarded Sherlock with an amicable smirk. "I would but, I don't know if I can walk. You did quite a number on me, Mr Holmes."
It was near the end of the fifth year that John was forced to kill for the first time. He’d been leading his unit on patrol through a different route as was par for the course. They normally changed up the routine so as not to be ambushed, but somehow, the insurgents had received intel on their whereabouts.
He traced the dip of John's spine, giving the riding crop its first taste of flesh. “What is rule number one, John? Do you recall?”
With gentle hands, Sherlock began to push him further back on the bed, with his feet still hanging over the side. John sighed, arching his hips up, askance, in search of bold fingers and a slick, hard cock against his own.
Instead, he reached for the water stained drapes above the desk and pulled them closed, blocking out the light from the cinema and bathing the room in a soft, murky light.
John swiped his hands down the front of jeans and hesitated momentarily before skirting around the back of the chair and into the seat. "I uh, should get to the office to open up," said John, hoping to put off the conversation at least until he had his bearings, but the set of Sherlock's mouth, when he finally deigned to look up from his phone, brooked no argument.
Now, they were on their way to their first shoot together. It was to be a threesome with a well-known name in the industry, Sergeant Lestrade.
“Amazing,” John said, shaking his head in fascination. The most brilliant man in London, and he was taken with John, for some odd reason.
"Goodnight, John." Then he was gone as if he had never been there, bedroom door clicking shut softly behind him.
He rocked his hips in time with Sherlock's, his stomach dropping at the slick slide of the alpha’s cock in such an intimate place.
John gestured to the room, the bed, the empty walls. “Nope. Not happening, Sherlock. I've made my bed and I'm prepared to lie in it.”
Sherlock sighed loudly, and John heard the sound of his body flop against the couch. "Yes well, now it's your problem. Don't call me, unless it's for a new case."
After two minutes, John had about enough and shoved his way awkwardly between Sherlock and the wall, and inserted himself under the spray, sighing happily as the warm water hit his skin. Sherlock protested, but John tuned him out and scrubbed his body down quickly, turning to throw Sherlock a playful smirk.
He snapped his eyes shut and forced away his impending climax, afraid to let the moment pass. But, of its own accord, his finger tipped over the soft flesh of John's mouth and onto slick landscape of his tongue.
John breathed a sigh of relief. It was just Sarah. He could deal with Sarah. John closed his eyes briefly, before composing a reply.
The day had started off well. Well, better than others. Now, Sherlock had a John that was approximately two years of age, and apparently, catching up on all the talking he'd missed out on. It reminded Sherlock of why he wasn't particularly partial to children, even if said child was his partner in an altered form.
Although John still seemed confused by the abrupt shift of the ambiance, his body was receptive to Sherlock’s continued ministrations as Sherlock pressed his palm against the base of John’s cock and swollen bollocks.
The woman made a noise in the back of her throat, backing away as she watched John stuff a handful of beans past his cracked lips. "That's disgusting."
Holmes emerged, lips pressed into a thin line as his shrewd, cold eyes assessed John thoroughly. John smiled, but it didn't last long, because Holmes was crowding him against the wall the next moment, teeth bared. "You idiot," he hissed, and John could feel the frustration radiating off of him like a viable entity. "Look at you, anyone could have taken you off the streets and had their way!"
A swish of fabric was the only only warning John had before Sherlock was kneeling before him, one hand tangling in his hair to angle his face up until there was nowhere else to look but into bottomless azure eyes. When the light hit them just right, Sherlock's eyes became a stormy grey that melted John's insides until he was all but slumping forward, unable to tear himself away.
His John was back, after everything. Fourteen days of discoveries, fourteen days of coming to know every facet of John Watson. Fourteen days of coming to love John again and again in every way, in every form. Fourteen days in which John died and was born anew.
Sherlock tilted his head and regarded John for a long moment, dragging his eyes down John’s chest and belly, lingering on his legs as he remembered parting those thighs several times and burying himself between them, until he was satisfied that John was fidgeting enough.
“It wasn't me they wanted. They weren't gay, they would say,” John replied, his clasped fingers pressing into the skin on the back of his hands. “I was just a warm body for them to use.”
Sarah pulled the seat opposite to sit next to John, worrying her bottom lip with a perfect row of sparkling teeth that he always found himself envying. It was still too bad things didn't work out with Sarah; she really was a beautiful woman.
John wasn't ten minutes into his Walk of Shame, when a dodgy male with a sharp-toothed, predatory grin called out to him. The man was slumped against the wall, along with a group of leering young men, all with their sights set unerringly into John. This was not an unfamiliar situation, but like the idiot that he was, John hadn't been prepared to fight off a group of horny blokes, probably doped up on any number of drugs.
Jasper slouched down on John's customary chair, sitting sideways with his legs on the arm of the seat. "I have to say John, the way you tackled that other guy was ace. It must be the rugby."
There was a cafe around the corner that threw away extra food at closing time. If he could make it there before the others, he might be able to find something good.
John turned over and opened the drawer for his side table, fumbling clumsily for the tube of lubrication he kept there. For the lonely nights, when it was just him and the pleasure of his own hand. He popped the lid and squirted a drop into his palm, lowering it to smooth over his straining erection.
Ella lead them through a hall, where the walls had been knocked down and replaced with glass. The pictures changed from nude bodies to black and white snapshots of models posing in custom designs.
John allowed his tongue to slip out and touched it to the tip of his finger. When he closed his eyes, Sherlock was standing over him in the tent, hissing as John's tongue ran over his glans in devotion. John made sure to keep his eyes on the man above him. He’d learned to take cues from the smallest of twitches, and it always made the intercourse so much sweeter when John could give his lovers exactly what they wanted without saying a word.
“Well,” he sighed, not really wanting to leave, but the temptation of soft skin and slanted, sleepy eyes was nearly irresistible. He had to be careful. “Goodnight then.”
Greg left, a smile tugging at his lips. He was happy for the berks, but in a way, it felt like the end of an era. He didn’t much fancy being a third-wheel, not when he had a pretty lady waiting for him across town.
Even then, not even Rupert’s polite introduction could move the man. He seemed to be in a trance, mumbling beneath his breath as his eyes flickered over her and her husband, respectively.
Sherlock looked up to find John observing him with an astute gaze, dark eyes shimmering like liquid beneath the dim luminescence casting the room in a hazy ambience. He didn’t ask questions, and as soon as their eyes met, he dropped his own and closed them as his head lowered to rest on his crossed arms.
John sighed, leaning into the mirror of his vanity to apply his lipstick. Any opening night with Irene Adler was bound to be hectic, and John could already feel a headache coming on.
He itched to text John, to know that he was still safely ensconced in 221B and would be there when Sherlock returned.
Holmes scoffed, waving a dismissive hand at John's accusations. He wasn't smiling, but the gleam was back in his eyes, and John realized that the idiot was enjoying this. "Oh please, don't play coy now, John. Your erection certainly tells a different story."
John sat back, processing what Sarah might be trying to tell him. “Yeah,” he breathed. “Yes. What happened?”
Sherlock walked through the door, pulling his gloves off as he walked down the last set of stairs that would take him to the underground club. The doorman on the other side pulled it open with an, “Evening, Mr Holmes,” and stepped back to let him through.
John, unsure what to do, swallowed and stared back. He' never seen Sherlock that way, sleepy and pliable, more vulnerable than ever. How could John see that and walk away one day if he had to?
One minimal push and John was willingly falling back on the bed and Sherlock with him, refusing to allow him even a moment's respite.
Something was wrong. John's rate of growth had stopped overnight and he was exactly the same as the day before. According to the blood samples, John should have been, if not three, at least a few inches taller.
Then they were going slow, and Sherlock's hands skated up his chest. The way he moved reminded John of a dancer, sure of every single beat change, every rhythm. The flawless undulation of his hips, the skill of leading John though their number as he exposed his neck and kissed John tenderly at the point of his pulse. All without ever missing a beat.
John froze, as did Sherlock at the island, in John's peripheral. John swallowed nervously, scratching at a spot behind his ear as he tried not to look so guilty. "'m fine," he mumbled, avoiding Jasper's gaze, "Just a bit sleepy is all."
That night, Jim went to him, because he could never resist the opportunity to gloat. That was the best night of his life, but Sherlock in his predictable, dramatic fashion saw the blood on Jim's back and ran like a coward. Jim laughed all the way home to the bath and toasted himself to a job well done.
Finally, Sherlock huffed and muttered between clenched teeth, "Fine, I will help you, but know this: I'm agreeing because
Suddenly, Sherlock was hyper-aware of the man in his lap, the curve of John's back pressing into his stomach, his uneven breaths, the scratch of his fingernails against the table, and just how very little he had on.
Before the words had even fully left John's mouth, Sherlock was already rolling them over, prepared to sink down on John's inflating prick.
Half three and John found himself sprawled on Sherlock's bed wide awake. Sherlock was sleeping soundly beside him, still fully dressed. Once the effects of the drugs abated, Sherlock crashed and hadn't bothered to change out of his evening wear. John put him to bed and as soon as Sherlock began snoring lightly, John eased out of the bed and gathered the tray of cocaine from the bedside table, casting furtive glances at the sleeping man.
The last thing Sherlock needed was an ego boost, and John certainly didn't want the man getting any ideas.
John opened his mouth to speak, but the merry sound of Sherlock's ringtone cut him off prematurely. Sherlock held his eyes for a moment longer before pulling his phone out of his pocket.
“Not anywhere near where I took that picture,” she answered. “I just thought you’d like to know your pet is back in London. And looking a little damaged.”
Did Jasper just hit him with a pillow? Another hit came before John was ready, and he pulled down the cover and glared at the energetic teen currently pelting him with a sodding pillow! "Jasper, you berk, cut it out!" Jasper only laughed and hit him square in the mouth with the pillow.
"And what about him," Anderson asked, jerking his head in John's direction with a surly fold of his arms.
He well remembered her threats in the kitchen the night before, the quick shift from warm and amiable to cold and calm, bright eyes glinting like steel as she observed him from across the kitchen. Formidable she was, and someone that Sherlock thought he could come to respect. He saw a lot of John in her, and for that alone, he was endeared to her even though the feeling was clearly not mutual.
"A bit," Sarah conceded with a tiny, playful smile. "Whatever you choose, I'll be here for you," she said softly, and John embraced her before he could even think about it. The hug was mercifully short, because no, John was not a sappy feelings sort of bloke, and Sarah was still an attractive female.
Sherlock cleared his throat and tapped his long fingers against the cup where they met at the tips. “Yes, I,” he began, sounding uncharacteristically nervous, “wanted you- will need you to accompany me to a gala tonight. A little sordid affair I've been trying to get out of, but it seems it is impossible.”
John didn't dwell on the possibility that Sherlock could be trying to divert his attention. Instead, he allowed himself to yield to Sherlock's ministrations. He softened, loosened his jaw and made himself pliant. The subsequent rumble of pleased acceptance against his lips liquefied his bones.
Sherlock winced and scowled as John ran the brush through a particularly brutal clump of curls. “Gah—John, is brute force absolutely necessary in this instance?” Sherlock snarled. He reached up to touch the aching spot on the crown of his head with questing finger, which John happily slapped away with the brush. “John!”
Across from him, Mycroft shifted, just a chafing of cloth, noise to attract John's attention, once more. "You know, when my family found out that Sherlock had a child on the way, we tried to convince him to look into adoption. Jasper's mother was an addict, as was Sherlock at the time. They were both young and foolish, allowed their flesh to guide them through the high, and eleven months later, a few months following Jasper's birth, Irene was gone. Picked up by a gentlemen who promised her vast fortune and power." Mycroft's eyes were dark and far away as he recounted a part of Sherlock's past that John hadn't been privy to, before.
John nodded and stepped back, putting distance between, because Sherlock and proximity never worked well for him. "Honesty," he chuckled, though there was no humour to be found in their situation, "you want honesty. Um- okay. How about I don't think this is going to work because relationships are not your area, but they are obviously mine."
“What am I doing here? They say my famous lover held down my husband while I chopped off his head. But it isn’t true; I am innocent.”
Victor rolled his eyes with a smirk, holding the pencil between his lips as he pulled the measuring tape around John’s shoulders. Afterwards, he shoved the pencil between his tied up locks and began on John's legs. “Yes, dear, I'm not exactly a novice,” Victor chuckled. “You've caught quite the looker, though. You know how much I'm a sucker for blue eyes.”
William – Bill – Murray was a happy, good-natured man, sometimes annoyingly so... Well, most times, but amiable and now, useful. Sherlock didn't make a habit of keeping up with his clients, but he was relieved to know that he didn't delete Murray's contact information. He remembered hearing Murray make mention of his plans to enlist in the army, and Sherlock hadn't forgotten him, because according to a lesson from Mycroft many years ago, contacts and connections were crucial to power.
In his peripheral, John could see Sherlock's back immediately straighten, his eyes zero in on John's face, but John didn't let it distract him. If he had Sherlock's full attention, then it was all for the better.
Now, John had returned to Canary Wharf and stood before the same looming steel architecture as he had the first day. Business men and women walked brusquely around his stationary figure in their hurry to be wherever, but John paid them no mind. He was still trying to gather his wits about him.
Sherlock pressed down a little harder, and John clenched his fist, wishing he could touch Sherlock, but enjoying the way his lover dominated him even in this. Sherlock's fist tightened around the length of rope as he began to grind his hips into John's, his head tipped back in ecstasy. Sherlock's other hand tightened around his throat, though not tight enough to restrict his breathing, but nonetheless, John was arching up into the touch. Sherlock didn't have a hand to hold his weight, so John was every inch inside of him, and Sherlock was aiming for his own prostate expertly.
They finished the task quickly, marking the grave sites with twigs wrapped in twine to fashion crosses. John didn't believe in human religions, or anything at all but the power of the constellations, but it didn't seem like enough to leave without some sign of remembrance.
"I really couldn't tell you, mate. Holmes seemed... sort of mercurial. One moment he was insulting my intelligence, the next, he was propositioning me with a job, an offer I'm not even sure would be wise to accept."
Sherlock knew that feeling, and much, much worse. Day-by-day, it was akin to a sort of slow suffocation. Each day his lungs grew a little tighter, his breaths a bit shorter. He’d started wondering if maybe he was asthmatic. Then John’s arrival pushed air into his body and he could finally breathe again. Sherlock didn’t know if he felt relieved or terrified that John had experienced the same.
They walked for at least an hour without exchanging words, but John would catch the uncertain flick of Sherlock's eyes every so often, the tense line of his broad shoulders, hard and unyielding.
John had intended on taking his dinner in front of the telly, and turning on the most mind-numbing show he could find, if not for the sleek, silhouetted shape sitting cross-legged on the couch.
Sherlock lowered his head, covering the tiny smile pulling at his lips, as he dug into the kit for the supplies he would need. “Yes, well, if you're asking whether I'm a sociable person - no. People aren't my area and if I spent all my time mincing words, I would never get anything done.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes as if he wanted to say something else, but he must have decided to save it for a more appropriate time, because he smirked instead, and stood. Running a hand down the front of suit, Sherlock straightened and grabbed his wallet and keys from the mantle, stuffing both in his pockets. He threw on his coat, and Sherlock was suddenly Sherlock Holmes, CEO of Holmes Pharmaceuticals, young millionaire and man of certain power.
This need aggravated Sherlock. He hated not being able to think straight, but even before the Heat hit him so suddenly, Sherlock couldn't deny that the thought of coitus with John was compelling. Sherlock didn't often appeal to his baser needs, but his Heat, though unexpected, couldn't have offered a better segue.
With the door open, the unmistakable sound of a violin was louder, clearer, and stopped almost as soon as John stepped foot outside the bedroom door.
John slumped down over him, so that they were stuck together with only their mixed fluids between them.
John froze, inhaling sharply as his head whipped around to Sherlock, the blood in his veins running cold. He was no longer poised over his phone as he was before. Sherlock was staring at him, but again, it was with the same unnatural stillness as before. His eyes cut through the fog like headlights, piercing cyan circles that drew the breath from John's lungs. When had Sherlock moved?
Holmes reached forward and clicked the stop button on the recording, wishing, John assumed, to continue speaking off the record. "Quite a large favour for a friend, one whom you aren't romantically attached to. This isn't the first time he's asked you to do something like this. In fact, Mr Stamford has asked you for multiple favours throughout your friendship." The man flashed a wolfish smile. "Blackmail?"
John who had been listening quietly stepped forward to comfort his friend, it was Sherlock who stopped him with a sharp look.
He ordered water and Earl Grey tea, while Stamford ordered a meal. Mike chatted as Sherlock peered around the room, mostly ignoring his companion. It wasn’t too much longer before the light in the room dimmed and the curtains for the centre stage drew back.
He’d thought that seeing John, that being intimate with him would make him feel whole again. Instead, the puzzle pieces still didn't fit as they should, and John…
John came to stand next to him, awed that the length of Sherlock's head was more than half his height. Sherlock shifted and John realized that he was allowing John room to crouch beside him, though he never let up on the human.
Sherlock took a step away. "On the bed," he commanded, his deep voice plunging through John's body like volts of electricity, powering his legs to move as instructed. "Lie on your back."
Sherlock's eyes were wild and excited as he pulled the plug out and dropped it to the ground, leaned slightly over John and positioned his cock at John's arsehole, before sinking in, one hand on the nape on John's neck.
"John," he nodded, eyes peering around the room with comfortable familiarity, before he turned a piercing glare onto the younger man behind the desk. John inclined his tight jaw and held his breath as he waited for the ball to drop. "Interesting company you keep."
Sherlock neatly folded the letter and placed it on the table, smoothing out the creases with the flat of his hand before turning to Jasper. In sleep, Jasper was de-aged, until he was once again the adolescent that Sherlock would tuck in every night, only to find him crawling into his bed in the early hours. Sherlock didn't miss those day often, and honestly rarely thought of them. He hadn't thought himself the ideal father and Jasper was too young to remember the nights Sherlock would leave him alone because he didn't know how to entertain a child. The older Jasper got, the more comfortable that Sherlock felt, assured that he hadn't cocked everything up and grateful that his son appeared happy for all intents and purposes.
Victor smiled kindly and stared knowingly over the rim of his cup. “I think he's wonderful for you, Sherlock Holmes,” he said softly. “As much as you like to fool everyone else into thinking you're some heartless blighter, I've known for all of our friendship that it isn't the least bit true.” Victor paused, pulling in a breath, and Sherlock raised his eyes to Victor, his cheeks warming under his friend’s observant gaze. “You're happier than I've ever seen you, and if it's because of your John, then I am behind you one hundred percent, my friend. You know that if either of you ever need anything, you can always come to me.”
Abruptly, it dawned on John what the alpha was attempting to do. Sherlock wanted him to surrender, to bare his belly and submit, but John Watson never took such a thing lightly, and he certainly wasn't going to hand a victory to this wanker.
Then he had a handful of Sherlock's firm arse in hand, kneading the skin with desperate grasps. Sherlock's breath hitched against the corner of John's lips, wet and delicious, before John was being shoved back onto the mattress.
The dark-skinned woman stepped forward, her long, graceful brown legs striding towards the man waiting for her in the spotlight. It was a brief scene, but the intensity of it was just as enthralling as the others. They gravitated around one another, as if they were sizing one another up before a fight, and that was exactly what the choreography was. The woman and her partner pulled apart until they were only connected by the red scarf, before she wove her long leg around it and harshly pulled him in. It was stylistically done, and again, Sherlock wondered how it was that he missed a place like this right in the centre of London.
It was beautiful and grand, and yet so different from anything else John had seen of Sherlock's home, so with this in mind, John turned to him with a slough of questions burning on his tongue.
John sees stars, and not the nice, pretty little ones in the sky, but the type that tells him he's been knocked a new one. The pain is unbelievable, and John thinks his nose just might be broken, but his disoriented state does nothing to deter his attacker.
John was unable to control himself any long, his light chuckle progressing into an embarrassing giggle. "Sherlock jumping down on him like some great bloody bird!"
His phone had been silent since his departure from Baker Street, not that John expected to ever hear from Sherlock again. It would serve him right if Sherlock never thought of him again, but John knew that wasn't going to happen. He knew that their time together would be just as ingrained in Sherlock's memory as it was in his own.
Sherlock showed John the picture of his younger self, approximately at the same age (same white-blond hair, identical stature and weight, upturned nose, thin lips), and John took it with some hesitation.
Angelo grinned broadly and finally released John's hand. “No, the pleasure is all mine. Sherlock is good man! He got me off a murder charge.”
Just as John was swallowing his cock again, the mobile on the side table gave two succinct rumbles, followed by three more sets in quick succession. But John’s mouth felt so wonderful on him, chaotic and soothing, scattering his thoughts and aligning them all to the same tune:
Murray wasn't due to report to Pirbright for months still, but Sherlock was a man of many trades, and he always made sure that his name was orbiting in every relevant circle. Finding the right people was easy when Sherlock had eyes all over London. It was pulling the right strings that could be tricky.
Sherlock didn't elaborate any further and John didn't push him to, realizing that the man had just divulged something private about himself, and John was hesitant to pry. It was clear that Sherlock was having trouble expressing his thoughts and to push him, John figured, would be insensitive. His curiosity could wait.
One week has passed since then, and John found himself looking into options for starting a military career. With no sign of Jasper, and Sherlock's continual mood swings and self-imposed distancing, John knew he didn't have much of a place at the Holmes residence any longer.
Sherlock held him for hours afterward, peppering kisses on his cold forehead, his tears falling like rain droplets upon John's grey cheeks.
John groaned, bringing his left hand down to relieve the discomfort of his throbbing cock, but Sherlock moved swiftly, slapping it away before John could so much as stroke himself. "You don't touch yourself unless I give you the order to," he rumbled sternly, the hand in his hair pulling harshly against the roots.
His hands weren't bound but they might as well have been for all that Sherlock didn't allow John to use them. Even then, preparing to give up his body in the most intimate way possible, Sherlock owned him, controlled him.
So Greg turned as quietly as he could manage and creeped up the stairs, avoiding the step that always squeaked. Once Greg was safe back in his room, he leaned against the door and squeezed his eyes shut, unable to stop thinking about what was going on downstairs.
There, walking through the door was the man himself, Holmes, and a woman he didn't recognize from the office. She was petite and not very tall at all, but the five inch heels on her perfectly manicured feet brought her up to Holmes' jaw. Dark, ruby red lips curled in a flirtatious smile that lit up a feral green gaze. The woman’s glistening hair was pulled up into a polished knot, and she wore a simple, if elegant, inky wrap dress. She oozed grace and power... seduction, but most of all, she looked perfect standing beside Holmes.
A slight upturn of the lips was visible as the man leant his weight on the table, arms folded casually across his chest like some gorgeous lothario. His arctic, cocksure gaze locked on John with the unflinching certainty that he could do whatever he wanted to him in that dimly lit foyer, and John wouldn't do a thing to stop him.
John couldn’t contain the shudder that wracked his body as those fingers prodded his prostate skillfully. He ground his hips into it, head pressed back into the couch as Holmes’ palm massaged his bollocks.
Sherlock knelt before him, setting the vaseline aside. He bent, and placed a kiss against John’s thigh. A single finger played along the line of his knickers where there was a slight gap between his skin and the lace. “Have you ever had a tongue inside you, John?”
John turned the tap for cool water and leant down to catch the water with cupped hands, splashing it over his face in an attempt to achieve clarity.
“Oh John, dear, silly me! I forgot that you weren't coming with,” she said, dabbing at her eyes a bit with a monogrammed handkerchief, the letters 'MH' sewn in large, swirling letters. “You boys had better hurry to the estate, where it's safe, and I don't want to hear any of that nonsense about you not coming back with Sherlock, do you hear me?” John smiled, hugging Mrs. Hudson as she opened her frail arms to him. It felt good to be mothered, reminded him of his own, long gone, but never forgotten.
“Look! Look,” the human shouted, trembling hands held up like a barrier between Sherlock’s teeth and his bobbing throat. “I dunno his name. I don't even know who these people are! I was—I was on my way to Sainsbury’s, and these men, they just stuck something in my neck and I blacked out. Next thing I know, some bloke is sticking something in my pocket—”
A beat passed, wherein Holmes stared at the outstretched hand before slowly taking it, and John breathed a sigh of relief.
All the while, looming behind every thought was the crushing burden John now carried that made his teeth grind whenever he thought of being the one to have to tell Sherlock. He really should be worried for his own future, thinking of what it could mean for his future reputation in the medical field, but all that ground to a halt in the face of Moriarty’s ultimatum. Sherlock's livelihood was at stake, and if a chance meeting with an ex could drive his lover to relapse, then what would happen if the Work was threatened?
The sand beneath him was a dark burgundy, and John couldn't help but think how ugly it looked in that moment. Externally, he remained calm for Murray, but every second that passed he grew increasingly agitated, wondering where the evacuation team was. The lieutenant covering him had also taken a hit and was leaning heavily against the side of the convoy. John spotted the insurgent creeping across the sand, and pulled the rifle from around his back. He left Murray for a moment, waiting for the insurgent to round the convoy, and when he did, John didn't hesitate. It had been a surreal moment, and not one that John could recall often after he returned to London after his career, mainly because there had been so much going on around him and Murray as well as the injured Lieutenant were his first priorities.
“Promise me that if I say you need to stop and rest, or even if I think we ought to come home, you’ll do it?”
“Close… need you closer… touch you.” Murmured John against Sherlock’s lips, his hand moving down to grasp Sherlock’s thigh, hooking Sherlock’s leg over his hip. “I just… feel you closer.”
Following Sherlock up the stairs and into the sitting room, John takes a moment to look around. “Well, I guess this is what I’d expect your flat to look like.”
“About four and a half hours. Here,” John said, offering the glass of water and two little white pills, “you’re due for a dose of pain meds.”
This, this would definitely kill him; all he wanted to do was take Sherlock by the hips and force him down so that he could feel Sherlock’s tight heat around himself. But bitting his lip, John regained control.
“When I ‘charged into that burning building with a total disregard towards my own safety’,” John said, paraphrasing the article, “I had no idea that I’d end up finding you, that I’d end up with a husband and a whole new life.”
“God help me, I do.” Sherlock sighed, and took a few deep breaths and readjusted himself, making sure there was nothing spoiling the line of his trousers. “I have no idea why, but I do.”
How they got into his bedroom, John will never quite know, but eventually he finds himself flat on his back with Sherlock, posh shirt lost somewhere in the journey, looming over him. Sherlock makes quick work of John’s jeans and jumper, leaving John in just his pants, harder than he’d ever been in his life. Finding it almost criminal that Sherlock’s lower body is still clothed, John starts tugging at Sherlock’s jeans. Taking the hint, Sherlock sits up and works his jeans down his narrow hips.
“Gah! Geezus! You gave me a fright.” John yelped, one hand jumping to his chest. “You ought to wear a bell or something, warn a bloke.”
“I didn’t hate spending the day with him.” Sherlock admitted, quietly. If he were being honest with himself – and if he couldn’t with himself, than who could he be – that Saturday was one of the best days he’d had in recent memory, and there wasn’t even a dead body or criminal involved.
At this point, John’s mouth had gone completely dry, unable to believe what he was hearing. “O – ok” he stumbled, swallowing hard. “I – I won’t tell him. But I bet – I bet he wants people to know.”
Last night had happened, it had really happened, it was all real. He had put his fears aside, and really admitted his feelings for John, and John had actually reciprocated. He had given himself over completely to John, allowed to John to hold him and take him. They reaffirmed their feelings over and over last night, exposing themselves to each other not just physically but also emotionally. They had shared several bouts of – frankly astonishing – sex, and they had fallen asleep just before dawn, wrapped around each other, the taste of each other’s kisses on their lips. It had really happened. He was John’s and John was his, it was real.
“I see Sherlock has spoken of me. Pray tell Mr. Watson, what else has Sherlock told you of our family?” Mycroft’s voice calming, taking on a soothing quality.
So lost was John in the all-consuming need to entangle himself with Sherlock, that it took far too long to register that Sherlock had started shaking in his arms.
“You know,” John murmured, dropping his head to Sherlock’s, biting at his lips, dipping his tongue into his mouth, and kissing at his jaw, “no one’s going to believe – we’re only getting together – now. – Everyone already thinks – we’ve been shagging – all year – Mike’s convinced – we have china patterns – already all picked out.”
Lestrade gave a short laugh, and Sherlock could see him eyeing them both in the rearview mirror. “It might not be the wisest idea to outline how you’d go about selling stolen jewelry, you two. I am still a police detective.”
yes” breathed Sherlock. His eyes screwed shut, his mouth slack, Sherlock rolled his hips, a small cry escaping. John had never seen anything more beautiful, more captivating than Sherlock in the beginning stages of pleasure; pleasure that John was giving him.
him. Lestrade had called me in on another matter, and I happened to see Anglo as he was being booked. I overheard the charges, and it was obvious he wasn’t the murderer, and I simply informed the arresting officer of the crime of which he was actually guilty. Simple as that.”
“I think,” John started after a few silent minutes of Ella patiently watching him as he thought. “I think, I think it might be that he’s the first friend I’ve made post-Afghanistan.”
Sherlock got to his feet, and leaning over the sink flipped the switch to the disposal. The sound of whirling, grinding blades was instantaneous, and Sherlock couldn’t help but grin. More accurately, the sight of John grinning at the sound of whirling blades was instantaneous, and Sherlock couldn’t help but grin.
“Where is it?” He demanded, glowering down at John. He had been unwavering in his attempts to get Sherlock to talk to him, even when Sherlock deduced him, he didn’t stop. But if John Watson thought this pathetic move was going to work, he had another thing coming.
“Yeah, right on all counts.” John’s reply came out far more curt than he had intended, or perhaps not.
“Ok, you get your butt in the shower, immediately” John calls over his shoulder as he trudges into the sitting room of 221B Baker Street.
“Here, let me.” John said, reaching for the lube, intending to prepare Sherlock. He had been told on more than one occasion, by more than one partner, that the way he prepared them was almost as good as the final act.
“Why aren’t you eating?” Sherlock asked when John steered them away from yet another tray of finger food.
Apparently it was then that Theo finally realized he had ventured into dangerous territory. “No, no.” He sputtered, his eyes wide in panic, his hands up in an offering of surrender. “I just mean… well come on, surely you have to be getting
The stupid git was alright. Five feet down, staring up at John with a Cheshire Cat grin spread across his face, his knee pinning a yelling Simon McCall to the pebbled bank of the River Thames, Sherlock was alright, not a scratch on him.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” John said, clearly fighting to regain some composure. “I shouldn’t laugh. Working in the pool should be great for your recovery, it should really help you!”
“Oh, before you go,” the man said, “when you see Sherlock tomorrow, if you’d be so kind as to give him these. Tell them they’re gifts.” And he handed John a laptop and smartphone.
Sherlock totally woke up first that first day, saw John sleeping next to him, and had a mini freak out. He totally got super still like, "maybe if I don't move, he won't notice anything out of the ordinary, and I can stay." Such a silly goose.
That was probably for the best, John thought, he couldn’t have Sherlock getting the wrong idea and complicating things.
“Oh he can try, but he won’t succeed.” John laughed. “If you’re listen Mycroft, your brother is all mine now whether you like it or not! Lock me in irons, because I’m never giving him up!”
John thought meeting him was worth the tedium, worth dealing with idiots. “Nonsense,” Sherlock mumbled into the desk, “we would have met anyway.”
“Sherlock… Sherlock, we’re here.” Molly’s small voice pulled Sherlock back out of his own mind, her gentle hand rested on his arm.
It wasn’t like anything could actually happen between them. Right from the beginning Sherlock had made it pretty clear that he was committed to his work. And even if he were interested in dating, he’d surely have his pick of men, John would hardly be his first choice. Prematurely aged, with one too many scars – both figurative and literal – John was hardly anyone’s first choice, let alone someone like Sherlock. He probably wouldn’t even make it in the top twenty.
Sherlock sighed and buried his face in John’s neck. “John, do you know how ridiculously romantic you sound?”
“Alright, I have to know, how’s it been living with Sherlock?” Lestrade asked, following John into the kitchen.
“We can delete it, if you want.” Sherlock suggested. It was the simplest solution; he didn’t know why he hadn’t thought of it sooner.
“Oh god, me too.” John replied, eagerly slipping the chain, upon which hung his wedding band, from around his neck, as Sherlock did the same.
“But actually, you probably should have something to eat,” John continued, seemingly unaware of the back and forth going on in Sherlock’s head. “I’m just assuming you haven’t had anything since yesterday, and it’s good to keep your energy up. Plus those pills should actually be taken with food.”
Hours later they lay naked, tangled together, the sheets cool against their flushed skin, Sherlock admiring the ring on his left hand.
“So what were you doing in the club last night?” John asked, completely unaware of the confusion and mental upheaval he was causing Sherlock. “It doesn’t seem to fit with the whole ‘genius detective’ thing. I’d ask if you were undercover, but you don’t strike me as the type to just up and leave in the middle of a case.”
For the rest of dinner the conversation, while odd, flows easily, and comfortably.  John even tells story of how he had been called to an opium den to tend to a couple of Canadian troops who had overdosed, without a single permanent side effect.
“Ok genius, I can see you’re dying to show off. How did you figure it out?” Asks the inspector, trying to hide a fond smile.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but John caught the smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. “I guess I could stand to eat again today.”
It was the frantic banging on his door that woke Sherlock, or perhaps it was the throbbing pain over the majority of his body; possibly both.
"They mean the same thing.” Sherlock blushed. God the man was adorable when he was embarrassed. “When I’ve said I’m fond of you… I’ve always meant…”
“It was all you, John. I just yelled.” Sherlock laughed back a sob, kissing John’s palm again, buoyed by John’s never ending faith in him.  “God, I was so scared I’d lost you again. Never, never do that again. How are you feeling?” He asked, gazing down at John. He brushed a tentative hand across John’s cheek, afraid of hurting him.
“Information. Nothing indiscreet. Nothing you’d feel… uncomfortable with. Just tell me what he’s up to.”
“Are you alright, Sweetheart? Please don’t let what that bastard said get to you.” John asked, putting two steaming mugs of tea on the table, and pulling his chair around to sit next to Sherlock. Sweetheart? John only used that particular endearment when he was worried.
“Your sheets, is it true they’re five hundred thread count? I am a fan of the finer things, and I could never be comfortable in something low quality.”
John inched ever closer to Sherlock, his focus jumping between Sherlock’s eyes and his mouth. “Because you what?” he breathed.
“Well aren’t you?” John said, glowering up defiantly at Sherlock. “You said it yourself yesterday morning: you got what you wanted, I got what I wanted, and now we can part as satisfied strangers? Your words, Sherlock.”
“I’m fine for now, but maybe later. At the moment, I think I’d like to change. I’d rather not be wearing a suit right now.” Sherlock said, using his crutches to lift himself up.
“You’re not? Why not?” John asked, he had a feeling this would happen. It was Sherlock’s first water therapy session, and to say Sherlock was hesitant would have been an understatement.
“Do you think he’d be ready to give a statement now?” Came DI Lestrade’s voice from outside the door.
John told him all about his time abroad serving in several combat hospitals, and corrected the very few deductions Sherlock got partially wrong. He had signed up to serve shortly after completing his training at St. Bart’s hospital, and attained the rank of Captain before a bullet to the shoulder invalided him home to London. He was now living off an army pension while half-heartedly looking for work. John didn’t actually tell him those last bits, but it didn’t take a genius of Sherlock’s caliber to figure them out.
“Long overdue as it is, and not that I’m not happy for you two, because I am, it’s been painful to watch you both dance around each other, you may want to hold off until you’re somewhere you can have a little bit more privacy. I’d hate to have to take you in for public indecency.”
“I’m guessing you didn’t make yourself anything for breakfast, did you?” He asked, sounding, at least to his own ears, fairly casual. Maybe he really could do this.
“Come on, Honey. We know you’re upset, and it may not seem like it now, but you have to trust us. We only have what’s best for you in mind.”
“Don’t worry about it. It’s frightening to see someone you love like that. It happens all the time, really.” Leah reassured him.
Sherlock reached out, his fingers curling around the back of McCall’s jacket, when the man whipped around and lunged. It happened in a matter of moments, Sherlock caught McCall by the upper arms, McCall struggled, tried to pull away, his eyes grew wide, his mouth opening in a silent gasp, his hands come up to grasp Sherlock by the elbows, and suddenly Sherlock felt an unpleasant swoop in his gut.
“I don’t care how you do, just as long as you do.” John said. He was absolutely insufferable when he thought he’d won. “Oh, and grab some clothes and anything you might need for school. Actually, I’ll do it, you shouldn’t be bending or lifting anything right now.”
It's almost time, next time we see the build-up to the climax! (which should lead to many more future climaxes *winkedy wink wink*)
“Almost,” Sherlock sighed. It was ridiculous, they’d gone over everything at least four times, and that was three times more than either Sherlock or Mycroft needed. “John’s getting the last piece tomorrow. We wanted to wait until we were absolutely ready to go.”
Sherlock shook his head. “No. No, also for how I acted since returning to the flat this afternoon. I took out the issues that I have with… with medical centers, I took them out on you, and that was not fair of me. You did not deserve to be the target when they are my own problems,” he said in nearly one breath, before stopping. The next part proved far harder than he had anticipated.
Four days later, they sit on the edge of John’s bed while John examines Sherlock’s arm. It’s healing nicely, and John suspects it may not even leave a scar. But to be on the safe side, he decides to kiss each suture. You can never be too careful, after all. Once the cut is seen to, John continues and kisses every inch of Sherlock’s body, removing his clothing as he goes. John pays particular attention to a small freckle on Sherlock’s right hip, triggering an intoxicating mixture of moans and heady laughter from Sherlock. John then moves from Sherlock’s hips, to take Sherlock into his mouth, slowly running his tongue up and down the shaft, and lapping at the leaking head. Just before John can bring him to completion, Sherlock stops him. He then divests John of his clothes, before pulling John into his lap and takes them both in hand. They fall over the edge together, John panting ‘I love you’ over and over into Sherlock’s neck.
No, instead, he thought of what he would do the next time he got Lady Grey alone. He’d been foolish not to kiss her the night before. Just a taste of her lips would have been divine.
The text were swiftly replied to, but the call would have to wait. As much as John loved his parents, a long, drawn out conversation about his future was not something he looked forward to after a night of fornication.
"I don't find bluffing attractive and neither do you, so let's stop talking in riddles and cut to the heart of the matter." Sherlock's voice was low and smooth, but the efficiency of his words was ruthless and concise "If you feel that I've wronged or misled you in any way, then you should say so and quickly because I do not have the patience for talking in circles, nor did I come here to have a row."
Sherlock nodded firmly and led them away from the safety of the trees, his upper half curled forward and his steps light as he peered around the area, nostrils flaring.
Sherlock’s brows furrowed, his heart sinking as the words settled in his gut like spicy curry. John wasn't looking at him and Sherlock was verging on angry at the news. These things should take weeks, if not months. How was it possible that-
John yelped in shock and pain, as his body propelled forward violently into the dirt. He slowly rolled onto his side, dazed and struggling to regain his breath from the sudden onslaught. Sherlock barely afforded him time to recover, pouncing just as soon as John was gaining coherence again, nearly pinning John to the forest floor with sharp, clawed paws.
“Thank you for your pleasant company, Lady Grey. I assure you, this won’t be the last time we meet.”
“Then pray tell, brother mine, how it is that you've been found,” Mycroft sniffed, flicking his eyes back to Sherlock, using the tip of his brolly to tap once, firmly, against the wooden floor.
Jasper was tired, so tired of running, but he couldn't go home. Wouldn't. Couldn't stomach the thought of his father and- and John. He'd loved John, was ready to ask his friend to be with him. It would be okay if they didn't have sex right away, because John deserved more than that, anyway.
The woman shucked the somber façade for a cheerful veneer with the ease of one simply changing masks, and smiled brightly at the young male. "Of course, love; go right ahead, and call me Mary, please."
John reached up and wrapped a hand around that long neck with a reassuring squeeze of affirmation, and tugged Sherlock forward. The kiss, this time, was less than gentle, fueled by restrained passion and the knowledge that they only had one night to get this right. Slowly, Sherlock pressed forward, breaching John's hole with a small, choked moan.
Sherlock held his hand out for a cab. No more trust for personal drivers. No more trust for anyone. A black cab eased over to the kerb, and without acknowledging Lestrade’s gruff “Evening,” Sherlock slid into the backseat and relayed John’s address to the cabbie.
"Sherlock," Lestrade exclaimed in admonishment, appearing more than embarrassed for Anderson, though beside him, Molly was suppressing her laughter.
Sherlock sighed loudly, verdigris eyes narrowing as his lips curled into a snarl that distorted what John would otherwise think were rather unconventionally attractive features. "What is it with you and your ridiculous supplications? Lestrade, the hero; Lestrade the savior. One day," Sherlock said, eyes gone completely cold, "I will no longer listen to them."
John could only think of one solution to his food problem. The thought made him gag, but the rumble of his empty stomach pushed all of his complaints to the back of his mind. He would have to find a public bathroom and patch himself up, scrub down and throw on his street clothes.
Sherlock pulled him to a set of stairs that led to another door, no doubt locked up tightly to keep away unwanted guests.
The noise of Baker Street, and Mrs Hudson, and the lorry, and the obnoxious driver one street over fell away, until the room was muffled in silence. Sherlock’s ears popped with the change, accompanied by the sudden, tinny bout of tinnitus. It appeared John had learned a thing or two about keeping his cards close during his time away, because for the first time, Sherlock couldn’t read the straight line of his lips or what made his brow crease. It was like opening a new book for the first time, curious to see where it would take him.
The place was messy; there were books strewn about the tables and floors, stuffed into corners, sitting atop the telly. The mismatched furniture looked comfortably worn, little pale cracks streaking the couch leather.
John wasn't sure why Sherlock was testing him. The alpha had made it pretty clear that after a few days, John was to leave directly thereafter, and he'd been okay with that. However, after running with the pack, getting involved even though he knew it was the worst possible thing he could do, John was drawn to the pack life. No matter how much he tried to convince himself he could travel alone, John found himself dreading the day Sherlock kicked him out on his arse, where he would be forced into isolation. He was not a loner; he needed the companionship.
"I wouldn't protest too soon, if I were you, Anderson, except, I would never lower myself to such brainless idiocy. Whilst you were here, cowering on Mrs. Hudson's tit -
John is gasping uncomfortably and the muffled cries of pain filter through his hands; Sherlock can feel the trickle of wetness on his hands. Sherlock wishes he could see flushed cheeks and red-rimmed eyes, but he's
,” Sherlock hissed, shooting out of his chair. “Now, back to why you're here. We seem to have attracted the attention of the hunters, and we need a place to lie low for a while. I was thinking your estate in Sussex.”
The first thing he registered was Sarah's flushed cheeks and glassy eyes. The second thing was the bag of pastries clutched in one hand and the tabloid in the other. Now, Sarah only bought pastries for John when he was in a black mood or having a particularly bad week. Also, Sarah never read tabloids because she thought they were crude and reading any sort of libel wasn't her cup of tea.
After a tense, silent exchange, Sherlock finally took mercy on John, and spoke. "May I," he entreated, voice rough and throaty with arousal. Sherlock's hands mapped over his clothed chest, thighs, legs, with sure hands, drawing interconnecting lines over John's warm, blushing flesh.
Even if it was temporary and these small moments were what he had left with John, even if he was wading in deep waters, unsure and unfamiliar, Sherlock would savour the second chance he had with John Watson.
Sherlock nodded and stepped back, his hand fisting as the man slid by him close enough to smell the shampoo he used. At least Irene had gotten this detail correct. The smell triggered something primal inside of him, and Sherlock had to hold himself back from clutching the man back by his jumper and pressing against him from behind. If he didn't look at his face, Sherlock could pretend.
Jasper was watching him from under thick dark lashes, gauging his reaction, and the emotion behind his bespectacled green eyes wasn't wholly innocent.
“Usually, Irene helps me with this,” John said, and turned his shoulder, where another silicone prosthetic covered his exit wound.
In the reflection, he watched as John stared worriedly at him before turning back to stare into the darkness outside the window, the passing lights casting shadows on his still profile.
Sherlock’s breath caught. It was a man. When she turned fully to the crowd and pulled the fan away from the lower half of her face, only half was made up. One side was more weathered and noticeably masculine, while the other was smooth and pale, lips painted rose red. She caught Sherlock’s eyes and winked, before turning away, once again obscuring the unmade portion of her face.
The kiss was slow and tentative, an unhurried invasive exploration of one another's lips. Holmes tasted of cigarettes and bourbon, a titillating mixture that caused John to melt in pleasure.
Sherlock echoed him, thrusting hard enough to smack the headboard against the wall, deaf to the pounding on the other side of the wall and the yell for them to quiet down. He was on the brink of something great and John was bucking back into every push, hissing as Sherlock struck his prostate with unerring accuracy.
The sound of clapping pulled them out of whatever moment they were having. They each took back their respective appendages and turned as the curtain closed once again. Irene looked at him with a keen gleam in her eyes, a glass of white wine in one hand and her other laid over the bicep of her opposite arm. Michael was talking to someone at the next table. Clearly, they’d been eye fucking one another for a bit too long.
The boys behind him were rowdy, and their eyes gleamed under the streetlights with vicious exuberance of what was to come. The man's eyes slid down his body with a lecherous gaze that left his stomach plummeting nervously. "Look at you," he stated, sucking a thin, lower lip between crooked, stained teeth, "standin' there all pretty like. You weren't headed anywhere particular, were you? Gonna give me a lit’le Christmas present, eh?"
Sherlock spun toward the chair and walked around it until he was standing behind it. “Your safeword, do you remember it?”
Holmes pulled away and John ducked down, sliding his tongue inside of her. Holmes’ gaze was on his, starving and covetous. They switched again, and Molly cried out as Holmes’ tongue wriggled over her nub. He sucked her lips into his mouth and moaned deeply at the taste of her.
John ignored the slight in lieu of casting his eyes around the room once more. It was a spacious room, if not for the gargantuan bed in the middle of it. John couldn't take his eyes off of it.
Sherlock's jaw clenched as he stared forward. “I meant that.” Sherlock hesitated before continuing. “Last night, I debated whether or not to turn you over and have my way with you.”
Sherlock couldn't recall ever being a religious individual. Many times throughout his youth, Sherlock's parents would often drag him to mass, and always, Sherlock found the whole ordeal foolish. He spent that hour and a half observing and deducing, stripping down the layers of the so-called “devout Catholics”, extracting all of their secrets from the little habits that they were remiss in carefully stowing away.
Shortly after John left the cafe, he received a text from Sherlock enquiring about preferable venues for dinner, but John didn’t care one way or another as long as it was somewhere they could talk.
Sherlock’s new personal assistant sat at his right, scribbling furiously into his notebook, intent on every dull word that Mycroft uttered. Tiring. He really had no patience for the boy.
Mycroft didn't look away from John as he spoke, but Sherlock couldn't care less. As long as he was getting data.
“Good,” Sherlock stated with finality, nodding once before he’d softly kissed John on the lips and slid back to his position on the opposite side of the bench.
“Good, you're back,” Greg commented blandly as John made his way to the kitchen. “Your boyfriend's been sulking since you left.”
On the other end, Sherlock sighed, and John could literally picture the dramatic eyeroll that went with it. "I wouldn't take such extreme measures if it didn't take you eons to reply to a simple text, John," Sherlock returned dryly.
His toes curled in his shoes, eyelashes fluttering of their own accord, fingers tightening as John moved down to suck Sherlock’s swollen bollocks into the hungry cavern just behind those gleaming lips. Sherlock groaned, bucking up into the sensation. His cock brushed against John’s cheek, leaving behind a shining trail of pre-ejaculate that sat prettily on his flushed skin.
He returned to the living room and joined John on the couch, though kept a respectable distance between them, and held out the photos.
The first kiss of the night was something different. Sherlock nipped and sucked at his lips and tongue until John was sweating under him, itching to give as good as he got and Sherlock repeated his tortuous machinations until John fought back.
John could see that Sherlock was avoiding the question, but this was one time John needed answers. He simply waited, watching as Sherlock took a deep drag on the last of his cigarette, before crushing it underfoot.
, John Watson, I can't believe you got so much from Holmes!" Mike was over the moon with unabashed pleasure. It made John sick to his stomach.
Sherlock stopped, his eyes growing cold as he stared first at his son, then his brother, and back down to his covered hands. “John won't be there. He's accepted your offer, Mycroft. Expect him within the week.”
"You will never understand how badly I want to keep you this way, John," Sherlock gasped, and John answered in long, low moan, feeling the head of Sherlock's cock nudge his prostate.
Sherlock returned with a platter of tea and placed it gingerly on the coffee table. With a nervous gesture that seemed out of place on the man, Sherlock straightened and wiped his hands on his trousers.
John chastised himself. Involving Sarah in his dysfunctional relationship with Sherlock was the last thing that John wanted to do, but the woman was nothing if not obdurate and tenacious when it came to prying information out of John. He supposed he could lie to her. It was tempting, but he respected her more than to feed her false truths.
John blinked once, and then again, steeling his resolve. "All right," he nodded, then swept past the man without a word. The door to Sherlock's room was open, and John went straight to the closet, grabbing the clothes Sherlock had him hang up the night he made John promise to stay. It felt so wrong, and everything in John screamed that this wasn't the way to go.
John whimpered just the tiniest bit, but it was enough to send a jolt of thrill straight down to Sherlock’s groin.
“This position epitomizes everything I was when you left,” Sherlock murmured, bitterness a sour draught on the tongue. “Hands tied, vulnerable, empty—which you won’t be for long, John, but you get the point.”
Sherlock sighed, and John felt his mint-scented breath breeze across his cheek and tickle his ear. “John,” he cautioned.
John grinned and ducked his head, looking up at Holmes underneath his lashes. "And you came running, didn't you?"
the woman purred, and John was reminded of the unaccounted for time he'd spent being taken apart under Sherlock's skilled hands. God, John would willingly give away everything just to see if Sherlock was just as wrecked as John felt. Though, he couldn't imagine Sherlock being anything other than cool and collected, the image of him sweaty and bothered stayed lodged in John's mind.
Sherlock returned to the cupboard and rummaged around for a moment, before pulling out with a few items that John recognized from his first time in 221C.
Molly was seated on an old brown settee poring over a book while Lestrade, snuggled up next to her, reading over a delicate shoulder, one hand absentmindedly rubbing her arm possessively. It was a very domestic moment, such an ordinary display in a place that was anything but. It was like a soothing balm to the weight on John's chest.
John let out a tiny sound against his lips and Sherlock reciprocated with one of his own, overwhelmed and helpless. There was no way he’d ever be finished with John. It was impossible, the thought, reprehensible.
Abruptly, Sherlock turned to the woman hovering closer to him than was necessary or comfortable. Her musky scent neither excited nor swayed Sherlock into any reaction in particular, yet John's was sharp like bergamot and thick, potent.
“Breathe, John,” Sherlock said soothingly, pulling John's hands out of the way so he could lean down and kiss him slowly, tenderly. “Softly, softly,” he whispered.
The man he loved; the man he was still meant to bury, and here he was, shagging another alpha against a tree.
The date hadn’t ended at the little Italian bistro on Northumberland, which was hardly surprising considering all that happened during dinner.
John growled once they made it into the flat, pulling his arm away from the rough hold, and rubbing it back from numbness. "You know, you don't have to be so rough, Mr. Holmes, because if this is a reflection of what you're like in bed-"
Blond hair was flattened unattractively in the back where his head had been tilted against the tree. There was a dull ache where the bark caught and tugged a few stray strands of hair free. John knew he was avoiding the most important part: his back. He was afraid to see, afraid to acknowledge that he'd lost control of himself under Sherlock's spell, and allowed himself to be taken advantage of in a moment of vulnerability.
John hesitated, unsure how to respond to that. Holmes' head tipped forward and his pale eyes sparkled with mischief. John was riveted as those sinful lips parted. "Come now, John. You're
He was disgusted with his own ramblings, but the words rushed out like water from a tap. John's expression shifted from vexation to disappointment, then shame and hurt.
Holmes observed John for a moment more, hand returning to slip through the unruly strands of John’s hair as he guided the other man to lap up Molly’s nectar with long, pulling suckles. Holmes’ free hand tackled the zip of his own denims, dexterous as he pushed the slider down with ease and released his cock. The man’s cock was gorgeous. Long and thick, the uncut length of it flushed a dark, rosy color. Holmes bared himself with a soft, hissed breath, his cock slapping obscenely against his belly.
John grunted, steadying himself on Sherlock’s shoulders as he made good on his promise and rode Sherlock like a prize stallion. “I’ve been thinking about this all day,” John huffed and nearly bit his tongue off as his teeth began to click with the force of Sherlock’s thrusts. “Your big—your big cock ploughing me like a bloody lorry, augh!”
The cabbie nodded, and Sherlock stepped out onto the pavement, raising the collar of his coat to shield his neck from the cool air.
John swiped an arm over his eyes and made to leave, taking one last look behind him at the place where he'd found himself feeling more at home than anywhere else.
Sherlock stopped again in front of him, looming over John as he was wont to do  even as a human. This time, John read the spark of mischief there. One minute, Sherlock was towering over his erect form, and then John was off, tailing him through thick brush and running faster than he ever had.
“Irene, not now,” he cut in, his voice quiet, but firm. “I’m already nervous enough as it is without you fluttering around me.”
Stamford just gave him a small, cryptic smile, and said, “You’ll see. There are types for everyone here.”
Sherlock just barely restrained the whimper from leaving his throat as John’s weight bore down on his prick. He dug his nails into John’s arse and surged forward. The slick warmth of John’s mouth was terribly familiar and comforting, like coming home after an extended absence, and propelled his vehemence.
Sherlock rose from his slump on the couch, gritting his teeth as he stomped to the door and pulled it open. "Mrs Hudson!"
Soft, supple skin and red lips, burning blue eyes and golden hair. What more, Sherlock wondered again, could a god give him that he didn't already have?
"You're doing well, John," Sherlock praised, his bright eyes gleaming with pride, among other things. "I believe I promised you a reward for good behaviour."
Lestrade took a step back as the dark haired man from the night before placed the cup and bowl at his feet again, and John wasted no time, reaching for both. He knew he was making a spectacle of himself, but this is the most John had eaten in days, and anything was a godsend at this point. The food suffered much the same fate as the bowl of meat and beans before.
Sherlock flipped them over, John now on his back, and sat on his heels, one hand trailing from John's torso to the zip on his trousers. His shirt was hitched up to his chest, and Sherlock took advantage of this, leaning forward to place a trail of kisses down to the edge of the jeans where deft hands were steadily working to release his cock from its confines.
“The night you stayed with Mycroft, after your argument with John.” Sherlock tapped his finger against the side of the cup and thought for a second before speaking again. “He’d gotten into a physical altercation with his sister, in which there was an attempt on his life. He came back to Baker Street, and was there when I returned from Scotland Yard.” Sherlock paused, his eyes going far away and Jasper wondered if he was thinking about his time with John.
Lestrade, looking insultingly impressed, shoved the phone into his coat pocket in exchange for a flattened, half-emptied pack of Marlboro Reds. He shoved one between his lips and let it dangle at the corner of his mouth, unlit, until they emerged from the building.
The stairs were cold under his feet, but Greg ignored it in lieu of focusing all of his attention on not making a sound. Sherlock had ears like a bat.
At the appellation, John noticed a miniscule darkening of Holmes' eyes, so quick he would have missed it if he hadn't been watching. It made his belly throb. Holmes noted John’s realization, and suddenly, the connection from earlier had returned, sparking and crackling between them.
Sherlock didn't make a sound, nothing to aid John in finding his words, though John knew he was there, could hear his breathing through the line.
Leather. The silky drag along his lower belly was definitely something with a flat, leather tip or a very good imitation of it, just lightly skimming the surface. Every hair on John's body stood up to meet it, unnaturally attuned to Sherlock's presence. His toes curled with pleasure as the instrument left his stomach, only to brush a gentle kiss over his cheek, meandering south over his neck and further.
The woman returned her attention to John and smiled brightly with gleaming, kind brown eyes. "Martha Hudson," she introduced, holding out a small, frail hand, and John took it, surprised by the strength of her grip. "And what might I call you?"
"What do you mean he got away?" A livid growl woke John out of a deep slumber, accompanied by a loud bang from the direction of the lounge room. "What must it be like in your funny little brains? Should I have come to hold your hand, because obviously you imbeciles can't make proper sense of a set of coordinates!"
John grimaced and crossed his arms over his chest. He positioned his body away from Holmes as he addressed him, vexed. "I was going to say yes, Mr Holmes, but now I have to know." John turned and regarded the other man with a careful eye. "What exactly am I agreeing to?"
Anderson piped up in bitter inquiry, asking the question that was surely plaguing everyone's thoughts. "And just where are we to go, now?"
Sherlock glared at Anderson until the smaller male backed down, eyes falling to his feet in shamed deference. He relaxed slightly, before shrugging off the hand on his shoulder as he turned his glower onto Lestrade.
Jasper warred between throwing it away or reading it, before deciding to hell with it. It wouldn't be hurting John if he threw it away, and Jasper would only be stabbing himself in the foot. He sat at the edge of the bed and opened the envelope, his heart beating fast enough to jump out of his chest.
John was suddenly over him, on him, the heat of his arse pushing down on Sherlock's cock. Sherlock sat up and took his mouth in a kiss so unnaturally fervent, sucking on John's tongue like lemon drops.
Irene grabbed her clutch from where it lay, tossed carelessly over the desk, as if it hadn't costs a few hundred pounds, or rather, John's half of the rent on his measly little shared flat. "Well, it's nice that we could have this little chat." The muscles of her back rippled and flexed enticingly as she strolled leisurely to the lift, a light sway to her hips that came naturally. "I like you, John Watson, you're quite the charming fellow. I'm sure Sherlock will have his hands full in the days to come. The idiot probably hasn't disclosed a thing to you, yet." She turned at the threshold of the lift.
Sherlock felt empty, hollow. Kept waiting for his phone to receive a text from John, soothing his worries, laughing it off. His phone stayed dreadfully silent.
John nodded, bones turned to liquid inside his body, Sherlock holding his upper body against him being the only thing to keep him from slumping. Dirty things slipped out of the older man's mouth as easily as his deductions, exciting John beyond anything he had ever felt. He could feel himself growing hard, but mortification took a backseat to desire, and he couldn't bring himself to care.
When Sherlock released him, John sobbed into his chest as his vision wavered. The fuzzy haze began to coalesce until John couldn't see anything, but the silhouette of Sherlock hovering over him. Finally, John gave in and allowed the blissful dusk to carry him away.
“Afghanistan,” John answered immediately this time, intrigued despite himself. He wanted to know more about this ‘consulting detective’, but his knees were starting to ache.
Could this even qualify as kissing, Greg wondered, when their lips hardly ever touched around their sodding tongues?! Sherlock pulled his tongue back and nipped hungrily at John's lips, then one peck, two, and he was pulling away again to descend.
John shrugged. He used to think the same way, but just like humans, werewolves killed their own too, for land, power, and mates, even. John had encountered a few werewolves who killed just because they could. Lestrade stopped them at the top step, looking warily at the door before regarding John.
Sherlock made a noise in the back of his throat. "These aren’t your question?" he enquired. His eyes darted to the paper in John’s hand. Without waiting for an answer, he muttered to himself " Of course, they aren’t. I should have been aware by the way your eyelid twitched every time you looked at the question, and your obvious lack of preparation.
John smiled graciously, accepting the bowl with a nod. "Thank you, Ms. Hooper." He held the bowl with one hand and the other out for the woman to shake, which she took with a surprisingly strong grip into her own softer one. "John Watson."
“Oh, and one more thing. Don't bury me next to Harry. The wench will never let me sleep peacefully.” Bill's laughter was a wispy breeze that faded as his presence did. For a moment, John felt the soft press of lips against his own, and then it was gone.
Reaching forward, Sherlock balanced on one hand and massaged John’s needy prick through his trousers. “Six years is a long time to go without any sort of stimulation,” Sherlock began, observing the way John’s eyes widened with fear and suspicion.
Molly fidgeted nervously where she sat, foot tapping nervously against the floor with a dull echo. It seemed like the noise was reaching a climax when a deep voice rang with command throughout the room.
The rest of the night was spent watching cheesy action movies and stuffing themselves silly with popcorn and cola. John found it was fun to have both father and son inserting their witty comments intermittently throughout the movie. Mr. Holmes stayed glued to his chair and laptop the entire time, but kept one eye on the telly. Jasper and John found themselves gravitating closer throughout the movie, and before John realized, they were almost near enough that if he turned his head, he would have only to lean forward a bit to kiss his friend.
The most difficult part, aside from being separated from Sherlock, is letting people know that they’d had a ‘falling out’, so that is why Sherlock is no longer attached to his hip. Fortunately he doesn’t have to say anything to Molly, she seemed to know the second she saw John’s face, or maybe Sherlock already said something to her. And if Molly knew, Greg knew. As if by some miracle, they don’t try to get John to talk about it, they are supportive, but don’t talk about Sherlock. That doesn’t stop the hurt, they remind him so much of Sherlock, having met him at their party, but it helps.
“Whatever. You went from that, to suddenly spending evenings with Sherlock, getting… sweaty. And now you’re having cozy little afternoons in the school library. What might we be expecting next?”
After several long minutes of kissing – Sherlock had honestly stopped paying attention to time – John’s fingers had found their way into Sherlock’s curls, and Sherlock had found himself settled across John’s lap. It wasn’t until one of John’s arms dropped to Sherlock’s waist to presumably pull him in closer, that a single thought managed to make it to the forefront of Sherlock’s mind – passed the overwhelming chants of
His thrusts became erratic as Sherlock’s muscles contracted, squeezing him impossibly tight, and Sherlock was coming, his body bowing off the bed, his release coating his stomach and chest. With Sherlock still contracting around him, calling out his name over and over, John’s own climax took him, his mind went blank, and he was coming harder than he had in years.
This is a super short chapter for you today, it's more of a set up for the good stuff (emotional and
“Quick John, distract the others! I’m going to get a hair sample, maybe some nails if I’m lucky. I want to do some tests.” Sherlock says, pulling out a Swiss Army knife, and small baggy.
“Thank you, Sherlock. That was… that was beautiful.” The magistrate said, his voice noticeably huskier than before. “John, if you would please…”
“Sherlock is the very reason I wished to speak with you. What is the nature of your connection to Sherlock Holmes?”
“Not really,” Sherlock mumbled. Everyone looked so much bigger than him, and all he really wanted to do was disappear into the background and get on with everything.
Sherlock had just sat down to start analyzing the unknown compound again, when he heard the telltale click of Mrs. Hudson’s heels on the stairs.
After that second night, John and Sherlock sort of fall into a routine. John and Sherlock meet up, usually at a crime scene, Sherlock marvels John with his powers of observation, and they head back to John’s, sometimes Sherlock’s, so that John can show Sherlock just how marvelous he finds him. Sometimes, when Sherlock is particularly brilliant, John starts to show him in an alleyway on the way to his flat.
“Uuuhhhh,” Sherlock groaned. “Nearly twenty-four hours of travel time. What does it have to be so far away?”
Sherlock took a long pull from his water bottle, and John couldn’t help watching as his throat bobbed as he swallowed. “Probably best too.” He said, wiping a few stray water droplets from his bottom lip – best not stare at person’s lips, John reminded himself. “It’s already almost eleven, and I meant to call Lestrade.”
“So, why’d you really come?”  He asked, turning to face Sherlock once they were safely inside his cheap little combination sitting room – bedroom – dining room.
“I did. It was. It is.” John sputtered, his eyes wide. “The adrenaline rush was… ah… was an added bonus.” He finished, looking a bit sheepish.
“Ugh,” Sherlock groaned burying his face in John’s neck. “Don’t say that too loud, Mycroft will hear you and take it as a personal challenge.” Meddlesome arse had his little bugs everywhere.
Suddenly something clicked in John’s head. “Your attacker moved you to the couch; they left you with a cold compress for when you woke up, and your phone to call for help. Sounds to me like they cared about you a bit.”
“Sherlock! Sherlock wait!” Sherlock forced himself to stop at the end of the hall to allow a panting Molly to catch up to him. Normally he’d have just kept going, but these weren’t normal circumstances, and though he loathed to admit it, he might just need the support.
“So listen,” John said pulling back from the kiss a few moments later. He sounded hesitant; oh god, he’d changed his mind, “Mike and Becca are back at my place, something about her telly being broken and them wanting to watch some movie. I’m not sure how much privacy there’ll be, but you’re welcome to come back with me if you want. Feel free to say no, I’ll completely understand.” He added quickly.
The Friday after the incident, Molly calls to invite John to dinner with her and Greg, the following evening. Hesitantly, John accepts, not that he lets on about his hesitation. He just has to mentally prepare himself for an awkward evening.
It was slow, so achingly slow. John took his time preparing Sherlock, pausing as each finger entered him, kissing away Sherlock’s whimpers, kissing away his gasps and cries as he brushed that little bundle of nerves buried deep inside Sherlock. John’s focus was entirely on Sherlock, he was making it all about Sherlock, Sherlock’s wants, Sherlock’s pleasures. Sherlock couldn’t wrap his head around what he did to deserve someone like John, to have won the care and affection of someone as wonderful, someone as amazing, someone as perfect at John. He was so glad he’d discovered what a pathetic user Victor was before they had gotten to this point. Victor who accepted Mycroft’s bribe, and dropped Sherlock when the next naïve target came along. Getting to experience
While not as terrifying as the wait to find out if John made it through surgery, the wait for him to be moved from recovery, to finally see him again, was painful. Only his father actively forcing him onto the bed, prevented Sherlock from sneaking into the recovery room himself; there were spare scrubs everywhere, he could have easily done it.
The man just stared at him, his mouth opening and closing a few times before he spoke. “That… was amazing.”
“With their promises made, and rings exchanged, I must now ask if anyone present has any just cause for why these two should not be joined?” John failed to stifle a laugh as Sherlock turned to glower at their guests, as if daring someone to speak.
“Arse,” John chuckled. “So, anywhere you want to go while we’re out, or do you just want to head back to Baker Street?”
“But what happened to deleting it?” John teased. He couldn’t help himself; he hadn’t felt this light since before Afghanistan.
“I don’t think you do. I just won the biggest game I’ve ever played, and I want to celebrate with my friends,
he thought himself developing for the ordinary ex-army doctor, were simply some minor form of Stockholm/Lima Syndrome brought on by their forced cohabitation.
“I just figured you’d have more important things to do than waste anymore of your free evenings on this.”
Shit. “The school has one of the top ranked teams, and you play a starting position.” Sherlock mumbled. “You have to be good.”
Sherlock stared at him for a beat, before letting out a sigh. “Yes fine, deal. If you make it, I’ll attend.” He was clearly trying to sound annoyed, but John could see the tiniest hint of a smile on his lips. “Now I believe I remember hearing something about a candle on a cupcake. Is that offer still on the table?”
It was his phone vibrating in his hand that finally pulled John out of his spiral of worry, self-doubt, and blinding rage.
“Ah, yes. Right. Well the medicine was easy. You always seem to have one medical textbook or another with you, and you offered to treat my injuries. Studying medicine wasn’t exactly a huge leap.”
“No one’s going to want to be my friend anyway. No one wanted to last year when we were the same age, and no one a year older will either.” Sherlock muttered. “Not that I want any anyway.” And he didn’t, he didn’t need any friends.
“It’s not that easy.” Sherlock mumbled, still unable to look at her. “He’d never want to see me again.”
If he had been asked even six months ago what he thought he would be doing on the eve of his thirty-fifth birthday, Sherlock would not have said standing alone at a nightclub bar, absent mindedly rubbing the bare finger on his left hand where a silver wedding band once sat. But that was exactly where he was; alone at a bar with only a faint tan line on his already pale finger as the only reminder of what he once had.
“I said no guarantees. Let’s just consider this a trial period to see if we work as flatmates.” John said, once again being completely ridiculous. Of course they were going to work as flatmates. John was going to fit in perfectly at 221B.
Funny story, so my mom had surgery a few years ago, and my sister and I wanted to get her a  'get well' prize from the gift shop. We got her a stuffed boat full of pirate dogs. The gift shop lady figured it was for a little kid, and not a woman with two grown children.
The early afternoon sun was streaming in through the window, and sat John reading the novel Harry had brought him the night before. It was one he had already read, but since Harry was kind enough to keep her opinions on John’s decision to stay in the hospital to herself, he thought it best not to comment. No sleep, already knowing the story, and trying to hold the book and turn the pages one handed – John’s other hand was wrapped securely around Sherlock’s – made a potent combination, and John had to fight to keep his eyes from closing.
“JOHN! You came!” Sherlock cheered when he saw John walk into his cubicle. It kind of hurt to cheer, but who cared, John was there. John would make it all better.
Sherlock shook his head. God, what must it be like for John, being of normal – alright, slightly above normal – intelligence? So blissfully unaware of so much around him.
person would, and John had to blow it all out of proportion. And hadn’t John spent much of the day before poking around Sherlock’s flat, looking through his bookshelves, going into his refrigerator? Sherlock didn’t accuse John of invading his privacy.
Sherlock took in a deep breath, before slowly letting it out. Well, John wanted to know, he couldn’t very well not tell him. Here goes nothing. “I’ve always noticed things and seen things other people tend to miss, and I sort of needed an outlet for it all.”
“Pretty much, yeah. I can still use my training and the skills I have left to help people. It may not be exactly what I want, but at least it’s something.”
“Well you’re not leaving this room, and I’m not leaving you, so it’s the best we can do.” Mrs. Holmes added, giving Sherlock a stern look.
“That’s kind of you to say, but we both know that I did. Back at the scene, and then when we got home… I think we know where things appeared to be heading, where things would have ended up had I not been foolish and got stuck in my own head.”
Sherlock didn’t bother looking up from the file he was reading, and just made a non committal humming sound.
“Really Sherlock, now is not the time to act like a petulant child. Be reasonable.” Mycroft breathed hard through his nose, he was fighting hard to maintain his composure. Good.
The day cracked on in much the same way as the day before. John asked about some of Sherlock’s old cases, then tried to get him interested in some old movie he found flipping through the channels.
“Hmmm, agree to disagree.” John hummed, and pulled Sherlock back down with him to the bed, his lips putting a stop to any further argument.
“I – yes,” Sherlock blushed. “Would you like to accompany me when I go visit my parents for the long weekend?”
Well, John Watson wasn’t going to stay where he wasn’t wanted. He dressed quickly – he certainly didn’t want to be around when Sherlock got out of the shower – stopping only briefly in the sitting room to put on his shoes and grab his coat, and hurried out of the flat.
“Yep, that sounds like who we’re looking for.” The constable sighed. “Thank you very much, Mr. Watson, you’ve been very helpful.”
“It’s really not a big deal, Sherlock. Honestly, it’s alright.” John really didn’t want to talk about this. It seemed like Sherlock wasn’t aware of John’s newly discovered true feelings – small mercies – but the more Sherlock pushed the issue, the greater the chance of John accidentally saying something incriminating he couldn’t take back. Or worse, doing something he couldn’t take back.
“John should be fine, his surgery went perfectly. The bullet missed everything major, going straight through.” The surgeon addressed Mr. Watson.
For the umpteenth time in so many hours, the rest of John’s sentence was cut off by Sherlock’s lips. There were certainly worse ways of being interrupted.
“Never underestimate what people will do for money, John. After sex, it’s British crime’s leading motivate.” People really were shockingly transparent. “Anyway, I was following the brother-in-law, hoping to get some concrete evidence, when he spotted me, and well… you know the rest.”
“I was going to say that if you need any help, that’s just tough, because I’m neither your nurse nor your nurse’s aid.”
Well, he was just going to have to ensure that his newly discovered feelings weren’t going to be an issue. He was going to force himself to get some sleep, and in the morning, he’d play off the kiss as nothing, that it had no effect on him what so ever. He could do this, he’d developed feelings for people who were off limits before, and his feelings for Sherlock, like those, would pass with time. He could do this.
Grabbing a condom and rolling it on, John finds the lube again slicking himself up, careful not to use too much pressure, afraid he may come then and there. Positioning himself at Sherlock’s entrance, he slowly starts to push in. Sherlock is so incredibly tight around his cock, John has to be careful not to hurt Sherlock by going too fast.
Well, John knew one thing for certain, Sherlock would always keep him on his toes, and he’d never be bored.
“I’m inclined to agree, but only on occasion, and only,” Sherlock said, nuzzling his nose against the side of John’s face, “as long as I’m with you.”
John felt as if he face were on fire, he wasn’t so sure he’d ever describe himself like that. “Ah, well you see, he actually picked up the right guy one night, married him, and at the moment, doesn’t feel the need for
“You know what I mean. He’s not getting what he wants. I’m not joining him, you’re not leaving me. We’re not giving him what he wants.” Sherlock huffed, batting away John’s hand, and tried to inspect the developing bruises around John’s neck.
“John?” He called again a little louder, winching at the pain in his chest, which he found was bound. Ah, he must have cracked ribs, or they’d at least been severely bruised.
“When Sherlock called me last night to tell me the good news, I made sure to dust, and put fresh sheets on the bed.”
With Christmas break upon them, John and Sherlock aren't going to let something as trivial as being in separate cities keep them apart.
“Straight to business I see, that’s just what I like to hear.” Meredith looked over his chart for a few moments before looking back up at him. “It looks like they want to keep you here for another four or five days to be sure you’re healing properly and that your body doesn’t reject the metal plates, but we’re not going to let that stop us. It’s imperative that we get to work ASAP!”
“So because I’m a smartass, you want to teach me self-defense?” Sherlock asked, crossing his arms across his chest, still skeptical.
“I’m not here babysitting you, I’m babysitting the murder weapon.” Lestrade said, sitting back down with his new pen.
The rest of their meal passed quickly enough, they talked a bit more about Heather’s plan for Sherlock’s recovery, and Sherlock’s plan to expedite Heather’s plan, which John shot down almost immediately. A part of him wanted to ask John more about his experiences with physical therapy. He already knew all the statistics and patient testimonials, but those were of other people, other people’s accounts, John was John, he knew he could trust John’s experiences to be true, and John wouldn’t sugar coat anything. But he held back, he couldn’t push things, at least not yet, so by the time the check came, the conversation had shifted back to human trafficking with Sherlock mapping out the entire case to an enthused John. The questions could wait.
“Uuhh, let’s never have people over again.” Sherlock groan as he flopped onto the couched, half sprawled on top of John who was already slumped at the end. John always did make the best pillow.
After much fumbling – which took too bloody long in John’s opinion – Sherlock produced a condom and a nearly full bottle of lube.
“Focusing on your career, I get that, yeah.” John chuckled, trying to ease the tension. This was not how he envisioned the day going when he first woke up. “I’m the same, or I was until…” he trailed off, not really wanting to finish that sentence,
The woman looked up. Her sleek, black bob stayed perfectly in place, while her vermillion lips pulled into a polite smile that failed to reach her eyes. "Welcome to Holmes Pharmaceuticals, where may I direct you today, sir?" Her voice was deeper than John had expected for a woman as tiny as she, throaty and completely professional much to the disappointment of John and his libido.
“Three,” he wheezed, desperate. “Speak, John. Tell me, what’s the third rule.” He had to get through this, but John was shaking his head.
John shook his head slightly in befuddlement, wary as he took in Sherlock's quick response and the gleam in the alpha’s eyes as he watched John fidget beneath his gaze. “What could I possibly have that you would want?”
He and Jasper were wheezing with the need to breath. "God, that was brilliant," Jasper huffed out, "He got all caught up in dad's coat."
John's parents met him at the train station with wide smiles that slipped away once they'd caught a glimpse of their haggard son. His eyes were red and puffy and the proof of sleepless nights still lingered in the darkened skin beneath them.
Sherlock nodded, rolling his eyes. “Of course. You write up all of our cases and cloud them with sentiment and terrible titles that idiots find catchy.”
John shifted in his seat, uncomfortable with the thought of Sarah knowing just how desperate he was for work. He hated that his first time talking to Sarah in years would entail begging for a job.
"I said," Holmes grit out as darkened, furious eyes pinned John to the spot, "we're going." He pivoted and stormed out of the restaurant, coat fanning out behind him.
Once properly out of the building and onto the pavement, John allowed himself a pause. The street wasn't packed, just a lovely, quiet Saturday in London for the majority. John was left uninterrupted as he stopped on the pavement just outside the building, wiping away the stray tears. He felt weak and empty, like a joke in the face of all that was happening now.
"Is there any chance of me being able to shower and dress before I meet your kin?" John desperately hoped that Lestrade would allow him these small things. It was the one thing he could bring himself to ask for after Lestrade had already put his neck out for a man he barely even knew.
"Well, John, come and sit, and we'll get you fed up. Poor thing, you're skin and bones," Mrs. Hudson tutted, pushing John into the chair between where Sherlock sat at the head of the table and Lestrade, who was situated to his right. Unfortunately, that left John sitting opposite an affronted Victor. "No matter, dear; a few proper meals will sort you right out."
John nodded, still not moving from where Sherlock left him standing. His small frame was perfectly straight, the line of his back tense as he waited for Sherlock’s orders. His cock stood erect in a thicket of honeyed curls.
The silence was abrupt after the whirlwind of words Sherlock hurled at him, but John couldn’t bring himself to feel anything other than awe. It was weird, that it definitely was, but it was also—
John stepped forward, looking to placate him, but just as fast as his fingers made contact, he found himself shoved back harshly onto the ground, falling onto his already bruised arse cheek.
Lady Grey’s fingers were scraping against his scalp as his hips thrusts under hers, almost to the point of pain, but Sherlock didn’t care. She could do what she wanted to him, and Sherlock would be helpless to stop her.
“Will you deliver this to him for me?” Jasper requested, pulling a thrice folded letter from his pocket. He didn't meet Sherlock's eyes, scratching his nape bashfully the moment his hand was free.
“Julia?” Rupert whispered, dropping her hand to embrace her as the shock finally set in. She couldn’t believe it; she may just have to go to church on Sunday, because surely God must have answered her countless prayers.
Soon, they were leaving Lewisham and headed to Westminster, according to Sherlock. That was the only question John could manage before his tongue got too heavy and his eyelids began to droop. On the other side of the bench, Sherlock alternated between tapping away at his phone screen and watching John. Even in the dark, his eyes stood out like crystal gemstones, reflecting light, and also disdain at John's intoxicated state.
While waiting for the water to heat, John flipped on the lights, remembering the night before, the encounter at his desk, with the lights turned low and a slick, hot mouth against his own. Thinking of it made every hair on his body stand on end, and the skin of his cheeks turn pink in arousal.
The flat went quiet after that, and soon, Greg was dropping off into the first solid sleep he’d had in days.
"You want to fuck me," Sherlock hissed against John's lips, unable to still his hips where they met John's over and over, sending jolts of pleasure up his spine. "Stop stalling and
Sherlock growled, already empty of whatever patience he’d harboured, though there wasn’t much to begin with. It had been two weeks since his confrontation with John, and Sherlock hadn’t been nearly as satisfied as he felt he should be. Especially after telling John what he’d been holding onto for years now. Being able to say what he needed to should have set him free, but he was just as much a slave to sentiment as he’d ever been. The mere thought of it nauseated him.
Sherlock turned on him, quick and relentless. This close, John could catalog the redness of his eyes from lack of sleep, every new crack in his porcelain features, the added stress. It was all so visible, and everything he'd missed the last few weeks, as caught up in his own self-pity as he'd been.
Sherlock breathed, waiting for his heart to slow down, before he removed his hand and responded. “Not at all. The division of cells is a primary factor in aging, which means that even at this very moment, you are getting older. At this rate of mitosis, it won’t be days before you reach middle-age.”
Sherlock shrugged, much too pleased with himself over his perceived success. "I'm simply providing you with logic," he replied, an irritating smirk taking near permanent residence on his lips.
It wasn’t raining for once and John felt optimistic for the first time in months. His credentials were good, he knew, and if he managed to get an interview, he’d do whatever it took to get the job. The army pension he lived on barely covered the rent, not to mention the cost of food. Sometimes John would have to go without or live off of canned meat and veg until the next cheque came in.
Returning as a veteran was not what John had thought it would be. Six years ago, he envisioned a house and a pension that left him with extra to spend, someone to fill the void that Sherlock left behind, and an exciting medical job waiting for him, perhaps as a surgeon. Then everything went to hell in Afghanistan and John was barely living on a penny.
John stumbled over to his couch and crashed face down onto it, making sure to turn his cheek so he didn’t smear lipstick everywhere. He kicked off his shoes and curled up with his back facing the door. Ten minutes. Irene wouldn’t miss him.
“...he'll be fine with enough rest.We'd like to keep him a little longer so that we can monitor his progress.” The voice paused to allow whomever was listening a moment to let the information sink in. “We are concerned that Sherlock is a bit underweight. Three full meals a day and light snacks in between is what I would recommend, and 2.5 litres of water is the suggested daily intake for men.”
, it is coming. I needed time to work on my writing, and while I'm writing the sequel, I will be doing major edits for ItG. Thank you all for your support!
The driver exited the vehicle, and opened the door for John, who slid in reluctantly, nodding to the blank faced valet in thanks.
With the adrenaline pumping through his veins, John ran the few feet to the tree, feeling Sherlock come up behind him, and as one, they peered out at the cabin, a lonely, hulking shadow in the distance. One by one, figures crept through the darkness on silent feet, large guns at the ready.
“I didn't take you for the romantic ‘Dear John’ type,” John said, nuzzling his face into Sherlock's coat.
Sherlock didn't want her to move away. There was a scent beneath the perfume and the hair spray, something masculine that made Sherlock want to bury his face in her neck and inhale. Unfortunately, the moment couldn’t last, and Lady Grey had a show to put on.
It was meant to be sarcastic, but Holmes froze, turning towards John slowly, his peculiar eyes dark and ravenous. "Indeed," he said, low and guttural with an emotion John couldn't place. The sound sent sparks straight to John's groin.
He paused, straining his ears until he could hear clearly the soft strains of a violin. The music was coming from the door at the end of the hall, soft and as alluring as the man who was skillfully maneuvering its strings. John reached over to the side table, and turned on the reading lamp before standing up. He made his way to the window and pulled back the curtain. Baker Street had finally gone to sleep, except for a few stragglers navigating the London nightlife.
He pulled his legs over the side of the bed and walked quietly to the door, poking his head out after throwing a tentative glance in the direction of Sherlock's room.
. I can imagine all of the things I'd rather be doing with that mouth than hear you talk, however. You can be so crude at times." John shivered at those breathy words, also fantasizing of the things he'd like to do to Sherlock. A soft kiss on his cheek, a gentle thrust, and that deep baritone was murmuring seductive words against his ear. "I would tell you I'm no good for you, but I assume you've already come to this conclusion."
Lestrade pinched the bridge of his nose and huffed out a sharp breath, turning to see that Sherlock was already striding down the hall. “For the love of—Sherlock! I’m going to need your statement—”
n uni, Sherlock gained notoriety for his avant-garde experiments and his ability to solve complex equations without lifting a pen to paper. The professors doted on him, much to his despair and Mycroft’s pleasure, but it was his biochemistry instructor, Dr Hargrove, that nurtured Sherlock’s gift for pharmaceutical chemistry. Sherlock became fascinated with experimenting on living organisms, observing how the introduction of a new chemical could alter its processes, how
John didn’t need any more prompting than that, and soon, his clothes joined Sherlock’s on the old, dusty carpet, nearly kicked beneath the couch as they wrestled each other down to the cushions.
“Mostly,” the vicar said immediately, “though most don’t appreciate the skill. The words ‘Piss off’ will forever be ingrained in my memory, with the number of times I'm told so often.”
“Show me,” Sherlock ran a finger over his bottom lip idly, the other arm crossed over his chest as he watched John patiently. “Show me what you did to get these men to sleep with you. You say you gave them fellatio; use your finger. I want to see. I need all the data in order to assign you proper penance.”
Sherlock sat at the opening of the inlet, watching the rain fall with shuttered eyes. He never slept much before, but now it was impossible.
for being so very spectacular and helping me to get this story out. You're both amazing! A big thanks to my readers and your support. You are all absolutely wonderful.
Running a trembling hand over his face, John hoisted himself up, back straightening as he pulled himself together. This was neither the place or the time to allow his emotions to get the most of him. That could wait until John found a solitary place to remember his fallen pack mates.
Sherlock joined him a moment later, sitting in his customary chair, and folded his hands under his chin.
It was three in the morning when John remembered everything. He didn't yell or scream or cry, but turned and placed an arm over Sherlock's waist, pressing his chest to Sherlock's naked back.
John stuck out a hand to stop him following. “Not happening. Remember when Irene walked in on us? Yes, not going to happen again,” he stated firmly. Just a few weeks ago, Sherlock was buggering his brains out on the vanity table and Irene barged in the door, only to eye Sherlock’s arse appreciatively until John shouted at her to get out.
"I've never, I mean-," a sharp slap to his rear snapped John's mouth closed and he swallowed heavily, watching as Sherlock morphed from a lust-drunk inamorato to a man in complete control of his body.
"Uh", John began, shifting in his seat to face Holmes, "we're not - it's not a date," he fumbled. He didn't know why he felt the need to explain himself to the man. Quite frankly it was no concern of his, but John didn't want whatever was happening with Holmes to end so abruptly. He wanted to know what it that Holmes thought he wasn't ready for. John had a feeling if he left things as they were, he would never find out the truth.
He'd spent half the night drunk, and the other half giving Sherlock a mediocre blowjob and receiving a mind-blowing hand job that sent him to space and back, apparently. As far as he knew, John had left Sherlock unfinished, and that thought alone was embarrassing, and he didn't think he ever wanted to show his face round the man ever again.
John leaned back against Sherlock's broad chest, sighing. "I don't think I'll be able to move tomorrow." The water was warm and soothed the unfamiliar aches in his bones.
Sherlock sighed, turning back to the window. "Send them up," Sherlock replied, itching for a cigarette. Even with the suppressants, Alpha pheromones could be overpowering and troublesome to Sherlock's temperament after a long day of being exposed to them.
Sherlock stood close, looming over John with impressive skill; close enough that if he wanted to lean over for a kiss, he’d only have to bend just a few inches. John shoved his hands in his coat and rocked back on his heels in a way that was more himself than Lady Grey, but by that moment, it was all only a costume. There was only one way left in which to bare himself to Sherlock.
A week passed, and John could barely bring himself to return to London. He'd sent the rent to Mike's bank account and everything else could be done over the internet. It was safe to say that he no longer was employed by Holmes Pharmaceuticals, but that was fine for the time being. He'd saved up a bit while working, but he couldn't afford to be wasteful. John would have to start looking for another job, and soon. He still wasn't sure whether he wanted to return to London or stay in Sutton for the foreseeable future. John's parents offered his room for as long as it took to get back on his feet, but John was loath to take advantage of the offer, and so the next week, he began looking on the internet for work.
Sherlock's face grew frighteningly still and his eyes a steely grey as he stared back at his son. Jasper wanted to smile, wanted to laugh in his face, but instead he stood and said, “Sucks doesn't it, having someone you care about torn away from you.”
John smiled, blatantly forced, and gave a rueful shake of his head. He couldn't do this anymore. He would leave, and call the number Mycroft left with him. It was the only choice he had. There was no way that he could go back to a darkened house where every corner was haunted, and look into the glazed eyes of his mother. That could not be John Watson's life any longer.
John pressed the send button before he could lose his nerve and laid back against the bed, thinking of Holmes’ gorgeous hands and greedy kisses.
Sherlock didn't know how John was able to stand it, being in that place. Five minutes in and Sherlock discovered that he might have a mild case of claustrophobia. “This is dreadful,” Sherlock stated, looking around the room at the peeling walls, the drab wallpaper and a sickly sweet smell that made his stomach turn. Throw in a few junkies and the bedsit would make an adequate drug den.
John paused, meeting her mischevious eyes in the glass of the vanity. “Battle dress?” He enquired suspiciously.
His heart raced terribly fast and his erection grew uncomfortable without proper attention, but this was about John. This was all about John; undressing him, worshiping him, crawling inside him, filling him, fucking him. It was
Fortunately for John, there was a clinic not too far from the local shelter that offered check ups and blood tests for people like him. He can remember when he'd wanted to be a surgeon, and help save lives, but now it was all a pipe dream. After the death of John's parents, the weight of their debt settled over him like a dark, inescapable void, sucking up any and all hope of making a life for himself. Any money John made 'legally' would immediately go towards the debt of his late parents.
With every minute of their sensual play, John was falling deeper into Sherlock's spell, unable to resist how his body attempted to follow whenever the touch went away.
He responded in kind and hurried before the doors could slide shut, pressing the button that would take him to the top of the tower. This received the same reception as last time. A few curious eyes scanned over him before ultimately losing interest.
The only sound in John's ears was the erratic thump of his heart, the pull of his blood beneath his skin, and his own breathing, filling up the space between them. "Wait," he implored, placing a hand on the sleeve of Sherlock's suit jacket, which the man glanced down at before turning fully towards John, his face as unreadable as ever.
John smiled bitterly, the rest of his words lying heavy on his tongue. "Because," said John, "I thought that it might hurt you."
John faltered, wanting to offer comfort, but feeling compelled to leave and make things right with Jasper, or rather subtract himself from the equation. He looked down at the ground, wishing it could open up and swallow him below. The only friend he had was gone and the only man he'd ever felt so strongly for was said friends' father. John wanted to punch himself for playing the innocent victim in this, when in reality, Jasper was the only one who held the rights to any such title.
Molly whimpered, high-pitched squeaks that made John’s cock ache with want. Warm breaths puffed at the corner of his mouth, and John cracked open his eyes from where his tongue was buried in Molly’s pussy, instantly mesmerized by what he saw. Holmes hovered over Molly’s clit, peering up at her as his tongue darted out to tease her swollen nub.
“I don't forgive you,” Sherlock murmured into John's cheek. “I think… I think I hate you for what you've done.”
By the way Puppy's mouth twisted into a grimace, he obviously didn't understand. Tedious. Tedious. Tedious! Boring,
Greg descended the steps and crouched so he could just make out the pair sitting on the couch. Well, he said sitting, but that was a bit different from what was actually happening.
John turned to leave, not wanting to intrude any longer. The last thing he needed was to be cornered by his boss, and accused of snooping. He left, shutting the door quietly behind him, and walked back to the foyer.
“Don’t you?” Sherlock’s lips pressed together into a delighted smirk; the cupid’s bow of his upper lip was enticing. “I think you could make an exception this once, seeing as I’ve had you and we both quite enjoyed it. I’m certain it can only get better from here.”
Sherlock watched her closely, growing impatient as he waited for Molly to finish her stumbling explanation so that he could flay her with his words for lying to him. "What," he snapped, "quit stalling and spit it out, woman!"
When drugs failed to fill that perpetual emptiness in his chest, Sherlock sought to conquer the art of intimacy. Along with carnal knowledge came the vast sea of unexplored pleasures of the flesh. With sex, the possibilities were endless if one were open enough to exploring them all. If there was anyone that was up to the task,  Sherlock felt that he was more than capable. It was such a simple solution, only... everyone was so
He sat up, a slow and painful task with the healing shoulder and the bum leg. When he reached for the cane, his trembling hand tipped it over. As it clattered to the floor, John pressed his lips together to contain the scream bubbling at the back of his throat. He was frustrated and angry, felt useless. What use did anyone have for him? What was stopping him from opening the drawer of his bedside table, pulling out his illegal pistol, and jamming it between his teeth? He could already feel the steel in his hands, cool and heavy, and the curve of the trigger beneath the pad of his index finger. He wanted it so badly, wanted to squeeze the trigger and blackout, fade away. Become nothing.
Eventually, Mycroft buggered off and Sherlock avoided meeting John's eyes, feeling ashamed, of all things, of his brother. It was an impossibility that John would stay with him and never meet Mycroft in all that time, but Sherlock had wanted it to be on his terms, in his territory. To have that decision taken away from him not only bothered Sherlock, but he didn't appreciate the feeling of helplessness that came with it.
Sherlock was quiet and assessing, piercing John with a wintry stare that made him feel bared and entirely vulnerable to whatever depraved act he was thinking of performing on his unsuspecting lover. "Look at you," Sherlock spoke, hushed and breathy, "I want to ruin you."
Also, I chose Sensory Deprivation, which was also in the book, because I felt that some level of trust needed to be established during the first scene, before any of the hardcore stuff. It's pretty tame in comparison to what Sherlock could have done to John in such a vulnerable state.
"John," he said cautiously. "John Watson." Lestrade flashed him a tight smile, standing as the sound of footsteps heading towards the door reached their ears.
John thought, furious with himself, with Jim Moriarty, with Sherlock. He felt sick and angry, and the two didn't mix well because John didn't know if he was going to vomit or yell at Sherlock. The man was scrutinizing  him closely, his fingertips pressed together just under his chin.
The slap of Molly’s buttocks against his lap was noisy and sharp, John’s cock growing slicker with every upstroke as Holmes continued to lave the point of their joining with his saliva. It was messy, but John couldn’t bring himself to care as Holmes’ mouth descended and latched onto his balls. Then, Holmes’ hands were on his legs, urging his feet up on the ledge of the couch until he was spread wide and inviting. Molly never slowed her pace. In fact, the intense flush covering her cheeks as she peered down at Holmes’ curly head hinted at her motivation.
John let the sentence taper off, heavy in meaning and open to interpretation. Sherlock could go into details and logistics, but if the appraising eye he was observing John with was anything to go by, Sherlock had more than that in mind.
He harbored no illusions as to the wrongness of his actions. Sherlock knew what he did, if ever accused of such an act, could grant him a long stint in prison, but oh, how he'd wanted.
It was just hitting dawn when John opened his eyes the next morning, more comfortable than he'd been in a long time, and deliciously sore.
Sherlock swept round him to the bed and grabbed something metallic, slipping it into his pocket along with a bottle of lubrication and what looked like a butt plug and some kind of switch, which he slipped into his other pocket.
John was shaking his head halfway through Sherlock's soliloquy, because no matter how hard they hid, there would always be someone willing to talk. John would risk himself, before he interfered between the presence of Jasper in his father's life. He couldn't be the reason that Sherlock never saw his son again. John didn't want to be the source of constant discourse.
The chromosomes inside the cell's nucleus were replicating at an advanced rate, which meant that in a matter of days, John would possibly be nearer to age two. So how long would it be until he reached his forties? Weeks, maybe? Sherlock needed to know what was in Förstner's dose. He needed more data.
little body," there his voice dipped a fraction lower, "perfect height to lift you and wrap your legs around my waist. Fuck you in tight spaces."
John knew himself well enough to suss out that he was no longer just simply curious when it came to Holmes. More like intrigued, and he gravitated towards the mystery like a moth to a flame.
John took one last moment to stare at his reflection. He didn't have much stubble; his father used to tell him that eventually he'd grow that Watson-esque beard all the ladies fawned over, but he was eighteen now, and still no sign of the fabled facial hair.
The forest hummed with invisible life broken only with the sound of leaves scattered up into the air in his wake. John took a quick leap over a thin stream of water and raced further into the woods and tried not to feel quite so hopeful as he noticed the lights looming closer and closer with every stride he made. He didn't know who occupied the cabin, only that it looked safe and would provide shelter for him and a place to hide. Those thoughts were soon forgotten as a noise too close to be the hunters grabbed his attention. John faltered in his steps, wondering if one of the hunters were waiting in the tangle of trees to ambush him. With sharpened vision, he peered into the darkness to discern what might have made the noise. Whatever it was, It came quickly from a tangle of thorn bushes, barreling into his side harder than anything he had ever had the fortune of not feeling. The force of the tackle caused John to slam harshly into a great oak tree, becoming stunned as his head slammed back against the bark, eyes squinting open to see his new problem charging towards him brazenly. He had just enough time to roll over onto his stomach before the next attack, limping backwards as he assessed his opponent.
“All right,” Sherlock asked, once John was firmly ensconced in the present once again, his eyes sweeping over John's face.
John thought that in the dark of the room with only the light from the window, Sherlock looked like an Incubus, something inhuman and devastatingly beautiful. Something that could make him happy and kill him in one go.
Sherlock seemed genuinely curious. The colour of his pale blue gaze appeared to shift colours as it caught the light. Sherlock’s lips curled, as if he were disgusted by the very notion of holding back his deductions. “Why not?”
"My pack mates," he started, swallowing with difficulty; it felt like grinding rocks together, "I need to bury them. I--," John's eyes were prickling with unshed tears, but he refused to mourn before these people, wasn't going to let them see his weakness.
Huffing, Sherlock sat up and began working on John’s ties, too sated to complain and maybe just a bit eager to hold John, although he would never say aloud.
Sherlock growled, jumping out of the bed. His clothes were damp from John's sweat the night before and his face felt stiff from dry tears.
Holmes rolled his eyes. "Really Mr Watson, it's bad form to go into an interview without knowing anything about the individual."
Live human subjects for unauthorized experiments and murder were the least of Dr Förstner's offenses. Not to mention the science community had long since shunned Förstner's earlier work, speculative and incomplete as it was, it'd been determined that the doctor was not of sound mind.
"Yes, yes. I'm aware." Sherlock scowled, angry with himself for not recognizing the symptoms before. Whipping around towards the window, Sherlock ran jittery fingers through his already chaotic hair.
It was startling to think that a month ago, John didn't have any of that familiar comfort with anyone. He thought that Sherlock was an egotistical, self-righteous prick with time enough only to cut people off at the knees and make his money. Well, that was all still true, save the last bit. Sherlock didn't seem to care much about the money, though he had it, but the man behind the mask was turning out to be much more of an enigma than John had originally thought. It appeared that Sherlock felt the same way about him.
Sherlock moved closer to Lestrade, afraid to let John go, but desperate to make the detective see. "What do you
Molly couldn't meet his eyes, couldn't tear her eyes away from the child. Sherlock thought that he should ask whose child she was holding, where did it come from, but he didn't care. He just wanted John.
Bits of brown shot through otherwise wheat-coloured strands, not as shiny as the synthetic hair, but healthy and trimmed. Sherlock ran his fingers through it, and buried his nose in the hair above John’s ear, where his scent was the strongest. Sweat, tea, women’s perfume, and a dusky, musk. God, he wanted more of this man, in any way he could have him.
Jasper shrugged as well, shoving the sandwich in his mouth and biting down. He chewed with a thoughtful look, green eyes focused on the sandwich, but far away. "John's my best friend. I dunno... I guess he just gets me."
The room was cold and dark, and stank of mold and stale water. Pulling up a hand to wipe the water from his eyes, John wasn't surprised to find them handcuffed to a rusty, though sturdy pipe rooted from floor to ceiling.
Sherlock turned the knob and the door opened easily with barely a complaint from the hinges. He flipped the switch and an ambient glow filled the room.
Yes, Sherlock thought, there were many ways this could backfire on him, but even if this little thing brought him closer to John in some way, then that was all that mattered. With one last deep breath, Sherlock closed his eyes and stowed away every screaming doubt, stripped away his layers, and remembered John. When he opened them, he was someone else.
He couldn't rid his mind of the countless scenarios playing repeatedly in his head, picturing some faceless person succumbing to Sherlock's charms, arching beneath his lips, and those nimble fingers playing perfect notes over someone else's body.
The windows were shattered, painted glass, indigo, cut Sherlock's feet as he walked. The stairs fell away behind him until there was nothing left but a gaping hole.
Without Dr Förstner's analysis of the drug, Sherlock would probably never be able to answer John's questions, but where it would have mattered two weeks ago, that in a way Förstner won, it didn't matter. Relief flowed through him like a stream, washing away the tragedies of the weeks past. He would always remember the time he nearly lost John, but now that Sherlock had him, he wouldn't let go for anything.
Sherlock's stomach roiled, turned over as he shot up and grabbed his coat, never mind that he was still wearing the same clothes from the night before. John was not there to fuss over him, not there to impress. His clothes were wrinkled, but it would have to do. He needed to see if John were alive, needed to know.
John pumped his hips in time with the rhythmic clenching of her cunt around him, but Holmes' hand clamped around the base of his cock kept him from coming.
Rubbing a hand over his face, John groaned in frustration with himself. "I'm sorry," he said, hating that he even felt compelled to apologize. Surely if Sherlock hadn't been dissuaded by his childish fit, then John's sudden aptitude for being clingy would certainly put him off.
Of course Sherlock would be listening. John glanced over to see the man had moved, and his hands were now steepled under his chin, though his eyes remained closed. His skin was so pale against the dark leather, a wonderful contrast that highlighted Sherlock's supernatural features.
John swallowed, choosing not to acknowledge Sherlock's statement. For all John knew, the man was being glib. "You're digressing."
Sherlock's lips lingered a moment longer before he brushed them across John's cheekbone and to his ear.
“Look, nothing happened, but I can’t say that that will be true for long. I’m sure he’ll turn up here again. There. Happy?”
John felt the pressure of Sherlock against his back, the prickle of fine hairs along his arms standing up in reaction as heat crept up the nape of his neck. There was absolutely no way that he was going to turn back and acknowledge the tosser positively looming over him like some great bloody shadow.
Sherlock sat up, putting their battle aside for the moment as Mycroft watched John curiously, the child chewing on the bunny ear with vigour. "What do you know?"
for info on updates and projects. All important news on updates are posted there, so don't miss out!
John cleared his throat as he sat and forced his eyes away from the fit figure the man cut in his bespoke suit. It was tailored to accentuate long legs, broad shoulders, and a thin waist. John hoped to God he wasn't drooling.
Finally, his hesitant steps carried him across the dead grass and to the front door. It was still open, the way it had been when John fled after the fight with the hunters. John spotted his bloody hand-print on the doorknob, smeared and ugly against the brass, dark and rusted.
John's eyes flicked up to meet his, and Sherlock cut his away quickly, pulling out his phone as if to make a call, but a hand stopped him. No, it was too soon. Not nearly enough time to say goodbye, Sherlock thought furiously.
Mycroft thought him an idiot for turning down those offers, but Sherlock wanted the freedom to study whatever he wanted, to spend hours creating his own new medicines without the burden of answering to someone.
In a painfully slow movement, Sherlock turned his head until his nose was a whistle thin caress along John's cheek and jaw.
Holmes snorted, still refusing to look away from whatever highly important business was taking place on his phone. "Please, call me Sherlock. Holmes is my stalker of a brother. I'm sure he'll turn up here soon enough."
John's pelvis had begun to press forward, responding to the subtle rotation of Sherlock's hips, the constant pressure of Sherlock's covered erection insistently pushing against him.
It really shouldn't have been a surprise when in the middle of their seventh episode of the day, Sherlock swept into John's flat like a man who owned the place. Yes, no surprise there.
John puffed out an exasperated breath behind him, and Sherlock had to stuff down the urge to scream at him, rant and rave about all the ways in which things had been miserable, and how no one was quite like John though he searched and searched. He seethed, detesting that one person could have so much power over him.
"Don't be," Sherlock responded, and again, John could hear the shifting of fabric. Was Sherlock in bed, too? "I wish you could see what I'm thinking of."
John didn’t make a move to ward him off as Sherlock surged forward and fit his lips over John’s, biting, sucking, anything to push himself as far inside John as possible. He expected John to fight back, push him, punch him, anything but the passivity he was treated with as he crowded them back across the threshold.
There was a tickle up his calf, and John jerked violently in his restraints. Sherlock was everywhere around him, all at once, though, all but avoiding the places John really wanted him to touch. A fingernail tracing figure eights on his ribs; John giggled, then swiftly cut off as he remembered Sherlock's demand.
“What are you doing,” Sherlock snapped, but the hallway was dim and his eyes shadowed as John tried to look into them. “Where did you get that key?”
Mycroft sighed deeply, pinching the bridge of his nose between thumb and forefinger. Finally, he looked up, and Jasper finally saw past his own rage and embarrassment and at the evidence before him. Mycroft was pale and there were dark pouches below his eyes. The wrinkles bordering his lips seemed more pronounced and he looked like he’d skipped more than a few meals. The guilt came first, and then the ache in his chest when he thought about what he put his uncle through, possibly even his grandparents. Jasper hated himself for it. John didn't want him and he couldn't even run away properly. There was no place in London where his family couldn't find him.
John pressed his lips together and shook his head at himself, annoyed that he’d rambled on and on without a thought to Sherlock. No one had asked about him in years, and it was as if all the memories had built and built until it all came splurging out in a tumble of words he hadn’t even consciously put together. “I don’t know, Sherlock,” he said, pursing his lips self-consciously. “Without her, I’m—”
Holmes chuckled darkly, finally taking his eyes off of John and turning his head to survey the bustling activity on the streets below. "I have many interests."
Now that Jasper was gone, and not likely to return soon, the offer to stay was rescinded, and John's presence was no longer wanted or needed.
John broke the staring match first and looked down at his sandwich, not feeling so hungry anymore. He placed the food on the wrapper and stood, brushing crumbs off his trousers as he headed for the door. "I'm going to call and check on my mum. Be right back."
John gasped and arched against the mattress as another strike landed on his inner thigh again, this time, falling close enough to his cock to raise alarm. The pain was bearable, but not the look of anger and disappointment in Sherlock's eyes, so John turned his own away, only to be punished with another sharp sting of leather on the side of his buttocks. "I said
Fuck, but Sherlock was playing him just as skillfully as his violin, rolling his hips in titillating circles, slowly. John longed to wrap his legs around Sherlock's waist and press his heels on that round derriere, urge him forward.
John had been so focused on a particularly aggravating report on excel, he hadn't noticed someone step out of the lift and into the foyer.
By the time they were finished digging all three graves, the storm cloud was directly overhead and the sky, unpropitiously dark.
Jim was as cunning as he’d always been, playing the coy, humble businessman that he certainly wasn't. It was low, but Sherlock had felt the need to drudge up Jim's nasty reputation, and he could see the instant Jim accepted his challenge.
In a move that John hadn’t been anticipating, Sherlock stepped into his space, his forehead nearly bent to John’s as he buttoned up his coat with nimble fingers. The gesture spoke volumes, as small as it was, but John had to look away and breathe, or else he’d do something stupid like tear up and embarrass himself.
Mrs Hudson was just poking her head out of 221A as John reached the bottom of the stair, and John nodded a goodbye as the old woman flinched and placed a hand over her mouth at another loud crash from the upstairs flat.
Would Sherlock lay with them afterwards? Would he deprive them of their senses and pick them apart slowly, the way he had with John?
Annoyance and desperation made his skin crawl in a constant battle of keeping his wits about him in the face of a barrage of stupidity.
Wow, so I'm finally finished with this. Gosh, and all the love was amazing! Thank you all so very much for being patient with me. I know nobody like WIP's, but for all of those who gave this a chance, you have my infinite gratitude! I'm still deciding whether I want to write a one-shot about what happens after, but I kind of like the open ending. I'd like to think they all live happily ever after, but you can interpret it however you like. Anyways, thank you so much for reading and if you'd like to receive updates on my stories or any other news, please join me on
