He turned around.
“Why did she know?” John growled. The
John understood the sudden heaviness so he started to talk to ease it. “I want to know… I’m still curious about Wilson…?”
"Who do you think you're talking to, Mr. Groundsel? Of course everything is confidential. You know me well enough."
"The kid." Sherlock chuckled a little and adopted exactly the same position John had, his right arm was aligned to John's left one, just a couple of centimetres apart. "Well he is leaving for France or Italy. Italy, most certain; his name is Armand, and his grandfather name was Armand as well, family tradition, Italian. I believe he might have a family history there. Probably that's why he insists on sticking to a family convention even if he was a rebel, he actually never stopped caring." He looked to some point in front of him as he spoke, he supported then his chin over his knuckles.
“This morning, in the bathroom,” John continued, his eyes trained on his book. He swore he could hear Sherlock’s heartbeat quickening. “I thought you were going to recite something… from a book.”
"All of the passengers please, fasten your seatbelts…" as the flight attendant gave them instructions, John turned his phone off and waited patiently. He knew the flight wouldn't last long and that today it would be a very long day. He closed his eyes and allowed himself a little nap.
"Sleep well, Sherlock."
"No new cases today, Sherlock." He sighed relieved. He really didn't want to argue with Sherlock. Even when he found it odd, he just appreciated it and preferred not to give it so much thought. "I need to get some rest. I'll call you if there's anything new. See you later, boys!" Lestrade was already walking down the stairs. John got closer to the window and saw the DI taking a cab. He hadn't come in a police car. John was still confused by Sherlock's behaviour.
Sherlock was gasping but he was still silent, listening. John kept on stroking and talking, "hell, Sherlock. I love you. But I don't love you just this way, I love you all the ways, I like you, I want you, I want to be with you, I respect you, I want to protect you, I want to see you, hear you..." John sighed again, he planted a kiss on the taller man's shoulder blade, the muscles there were tense, Sherlock was still gasping, it was almost inaudible, "but I don't want to change you, Sherlock... ever."
"Okay." Sherlock heard the familiar sound of a belt and a zipper.
"So, you play fool just when you want to? What happened to your deductions, then?"
They were talking in little whispers, just loud enough for the other to hear. Sherlock applied more pressure to the hug and John sighed, content; he had discovered another thing about Sherlock and that made him happier than it should have.
"I am sure, whoever did this, has to have some connection with the victims both here and there. Come on, John! Think! How do you think two men get killed almost at the same time, under the same circumstances, right here in London and then in Netherlands, without any sort of connection?"
“He came to my flat a few nights ago when Mycroft took Rosie and asked for the aloe leaf. He started to ask if I knew about your…” She made a gesture to her own back, “But he stopped there and didn’t say any more. So I’m assuming he knows?”
John composed himself, taking deep breaths just like Ella had taught him. When he finally processed the question, he snorted and added, “I should be the one asking that.”
“Increasing blood flow. She needs the toxins released in orgasm to counteract the aphrod-” Sherlock was interrupted by a loud moan, Chloe again. John lifted his brows to the ceiling. “It’s also a strategy, John. REM cycle is deeper and longer after an orgasm.”
"Ahh... sounds lovely." Sherlock snorted as well.
"Nobody else needs to know." '
"We will meet there. Please, bring your least annoying officers..."
"You see, Dr. Watson…" Armand got closer to the doctor, placing his forearms over his knees and tangling his finger in front,"...I think... if we can find the reason why the little company disappeared, we might also find the reason why the bigger company is also collapsing."
!" Sherlock spitted the last word with disgust and made a face.
The detective stared at the letters in the book but he wasn't really reading. Why was John always right? The case had been extremely easy; all he'd needed to solve it was to talk to Christine, talk to her current husband, to the old husband and there it was; everything at plain sight, clear as water. What was really bothering him was Christine. She already intuited that her own daughter was the other woman, but she didn't want to believe it. He thought of it as extremely annoying and futile: why go to a detective to confirm what you already know and, worst of all, to confirm something you don't want to acknowledge? Why are people just plainly
"Vitamins' supplement." At the face Sherlock made, Molly lifted one hand, silently stopping any protests Sherlock was about to do and, surprisingly even to herself, she was not nervous to just tell Sherlock what
sent at 12:41.
When he was out of the shower he allowed to look at the mirror this time, his skin was with a shade of pink for the hot shower. He got a bit closer to the mirror with a frown as he realized a red mark near the left nipple. He opened big eyes at that and giggled shortly. Yes, that spot was burning a bit with the shower and the foam but he didn't pay attention at the time.
"Go on..."
"What question?" John sipped his tea, mentally preparing for what was about to come.
"I'm... sorry...?" Armand asked with a frown.
Soon John emerged from the kitchen with a robe above his pyjamas, messy wet hair, a towel around his neck and a cup of tea in each hand. He handed one to Sherlock, who took it not even looking up, knowing exactly where John would place his hand with the cup.
If there had been other circumstances, the DI would have teased them. But, some time ago, he realized the depth of the bond the two men shared.
"John?"
"We solved that case... there is nothing else to add to-"
Later, Sherlock was in front of his computer answering mails, still his sheet around him. There were some quick requests for cases in there; he was evaluating them when a scream downstairs made him jump with a start.
“Wh-”
made his way into his mind and he hated himself to be so coward. Truth is, he didn't dare to say the need he had to know he
(it was for his own benefit to have free access to John's room, so he actually
Sherlock got closer to the board, took a few photos and sent them to Craig, a small smile playing around his lips while facing away from John.
"How…?" Lestrade had his hands in his pockets as he talked to the detective. John was buttoning his jacket up, smiling. He knew Lestrade didn't doubt Sherlock; his questionings were always out of curiosity. Sherlock's lips curved up a bit.
John looked up at Jack, and thanked internally he wasn't in the other's guy place. Jack was way too big. John smiled nervously and firmly patted Jack's shoulder as well.
There was a little rattle in the kitchen, as if John had let a spoon fall on the table. “You’re joking.”
"The Reichenbach..." Sherlock shook his head and rolled his eyes, "sounds boring."
John brought his eyebrows together and blinked a couple of times. Then he got it.
Sent 5:04
job in the British government.
The night in Sherlock's bedroom began to play inside his head. It felt like a dream. But then, looking deeper, he noted how the insecurity Sherlock displayed every time when leading with human emotions were present that night as well. Then it hit him; Sherlock was always insecure about people loving him, caring for him, as if that was something impossible. Was Sherlock really
She smiled, all teeth. “I know, all I’m saying is that you leave Rosie with me if you ever need some privacy.” And she winked.
"Sorry." He whispered as he eyed the screen.
John couldn't find his voice yet. Even if he did, Sherlock had found his first.
"What are you doing?" John asked, lifting himself on an elbow groaning as he cleaned his stomach. He was sore, the small of his back hurt like hell and his legs were about to cramp.
“Sherlock,” John croaked, clearly affected for what had just transpired. Sherlock turned around. He hadn’t put on the dressing gown again and his expression was blank. John soldiered on, “I’ll do my best,” he said, standing up and walking over to Sherlock. He cleared his throat and looked Sherlock directly into the eyes. “Even if I have to massage you for months with the scar-remover, I’ll… I’ll do my best.”
James wore a frown now. "What the hell are they talking about!" he screamed and punched the table in front of him. "No. This has to be a joke."
alright?”
There was only a sigh for answer.
He was quick to get out of John and bedroom (however, in a second he still got a glimpse of John’s watch on the side table, of Rosie’s pink jumper in the crib, of John’s military habit of making the bed without a wrinkle).
"Yes." John took the bag with clothes and needed items for two days out of the flat.
"Yes, I saw her downstairs." Sherlock walked closer to the table, standing right in front of John, with only the large piece of furniture between them. He stared at John intently, his side smile never fading. "How was the trip? Last thing I knew you'd gotten into the plain, but never received a message informing you were back in London."
Armand placed both of his hands over Sherlock's knees and moved them up his thighs a little and then back down.
“Of course! She has been a great help in this investigation,” Sherlock said. If John didn’t know any better, he would have said Sherlock was a proud father.
John shook his head as if to shake his thoughts.
had its desired effect after all."
"You weren't sleeping." The loud breathing seemed to calm down a little.
"You are thinking about him now, lovely." Again, Sherlock read behind that '
"You knew, didn't you." John said.
"They can't!" he hit the desk again with his fist, this time louder.
"Dear!"
John pouted and lifted his brows.
“Sure!” Craig nodded to Sherlock, who responded with a nod of his own.
"I want tea."
Sherlock took a wet cloth and wiped his face fast, he took a bandage that Molly and him had prepared the night before – just in case – and he wrapped it around his head to prevent blood and his hair to be seen. He put on a light blue cap then and a mask. Molly looked at him and frowned. Sherlock's expression was completely non-Sherlock. With such small elements, he was part of the hospital's staff. She couldn't help an amused smile and a headshake.
“Home?”
Sherlock followed, his nose telling him something definitely was not okay. He was feeling that burn in his gut, unwanted and unjustified arousal pooling between his legs.
John's emotions flowed out, he groaned in the kiss, took Sherlock's face in his hands and separated them, looking right into the pales eyes, they opened slowly, immediately fixing in his.
“Oh.”
Sherlock took a step back and lifted one eyebrow trying to find his usual composure.
"You don't need anybody..."
, but what do you get? Think about yourself for a minute, will you? It’s none of my business now but I’ll make it mine if he hurts you.” She was tempted to add ‘again’ but that would be overstepping over the already thin line they had, and that would only hurt him further.
"You and I."
"Please." John quickly lifted himself from the chair and stretched. He eyed his watch and lifted his brows noticing they had been there for about three hours. Sherlock stood up as well and walked to Jack. John followed him and saw how Jack was refusing to take the money for the four beers they'd had. Sherlock grabbed the big guy from his shirt, some people even thought it was another fight, but he slid the money in Jack's shirt pocket and smiled. The big bartender glared at him with a smile as well. John saw when Sherlock turned around, how Jack rolled his eyes and grinned widely to the back of the detective.
. Bad idea. He could almost hear the laughter at the Yard when Sherlock called him... and the voice
to manage before.
It’s been a really long time since I wrote chapter 4, it’s been a crazy couple of months, but I’m really glad to be back.
“Shlok,” she said, gesturing as if explaining something to really thick people, “Daddy looks!” she repeated, this time clearly talking to Sherlock but her tiny index finger pointing at John.
"Perhaps questions. No
John knew what he wanted to do and what he wanted to give. Now the question remaining was about how much he was willing to take from this man in his arms. He had learned to recognise his angry response because it seemed as if he was never really sure of what he could take or give. His thoughts were a mess. Thoughts about redemption and pleasure, about giving and taking, about free will and aphrodisiacs. He breathed Sherlock in, trying to understand what Sherlock was saying and allowed his natural curiosity for this man do the rest.
"I've been properly informed that I don't have one." The tone in which Sherlock said that seemed automatic to Armand. It was a rehearsed phrase. His eyes danced along the tall man sitting on the leather chair. Somehow, Armand was hurt by the words, but he was hurt about the way Sherlock said them; even though the detective's face never changed. Armand saw a flash of sadness in those clear eyes, it was for a brief moment, but it was there. He found himself at loss of words.
Sherlock got up with a jump and arranged his scarf and coat quickly. John was with a very confused expression looking at him.
John focused on the man above and the view made him freeze again. Sherlock was a bit frantic about this whole situation. He wanted to do so many things but he felt inexperienced. His usual composure was out of the window and John felt himself watching a whole new Sherlock, almost a teenager consumed by his own hormones, the expression on his face was priceless.
Sherlock sighed. “Regarding the first, everyone knows I don’t work exclusively for the Yard.” He straightened in his seat and grabbed a full glass of water John hadn’t noticed was beside the microscope, took a big gulp and added, “About the second, William only allows Hamish the massage bit.”
would fit a bit better), but it was John who usually picked her up, gave her a quick bath (they were quicker before Sherlock insisted on massaging her fine hair with beaten raw eggs, anyway.
When John’s thumbs deliberately passed over Sherlock’s hard nipples, Sherlock closed his eyes, exposed his neck, and
"You've got questions. Doubts."
its desired effect on the detective, then... really, how powerful the drug was?
He saw Sherlock staring intently at his phone screen, his breathing deliberately slow.
As he was finally convinced everything was alright, he opened the door for John and then entered himself.
"Low tar, again?" he said almost mockingly, '
"And you didn't freak out?" Jack seemed shocked. John snorted with a smile.
“You’re brilliant... and amazing. You’re the best man I’ve ever known.”
"What!" John opened surprised eyes at the figure on the bed.
"Are you alright, John?"
to think about something romantic... less ideal... we're in such a dreadful case, Sherlock... but yeah, that was the word I was looking for."
"It's a powerful poison... in the wrong or the right hands."
“No, Sherlock. I’m going to do this.
"Even if I make my deductions about you, you would simply stick to your speech, it's pointless."
“You know-” Lestrade let out a laugh, catching up. “You know, I thought you…” He cleared his throat and started over. “No, y’know what? It’s fine. I’ll send backup just in case. I’ll be in contact with Constable Miller as well.”
John placed the oil next to Sherlock’s thigh and put a bit on his hand as he moved to Sherlock’s right side, his hand casually smearing a bit of the oil on the first slide. “Blue slide, almond,” he murmured and Sherlock nodded. “So,” John added then in a casual tone, “Tell me about your day, William.”
"Lay on your stomach."
Armand returned the smile and turned his back to the doctor, getting closer to the sleeping figure. The detective's neck was tilted to a side in a very odd position. John observed, with a little of discomfort - he had to admit - how the young man moved the shoulder of his flatmate. Again, the touching was oddly familiar and, he had to admit it again: he
Remembering a book he had read ages ago, he reached one of his hands between them, placing it over John's thigh; he moved to the testicles and massaged them slowly. John's eyes snapped open but they were completely unfocused, Sherlock smirked at this, even when his own release was so very close. John's mouth fell open when he felt Sherlock's finger pressing the sensitive flesh behind his scrotum.
"... well, you like her. I mean, you like her?"
"Sherl-"
“I know… I know.”
"I was conducting an experiment," he said indifferently, as if that was the most ordinary thing to do, "and besides, you told me yourself
"Ah yes..." Mycroft supported his back on the couch. "And I thank you for that, the black market of exotic plants is becoming an issue... as you could have guessed yourself, you can easily kill a man..." Mycroft let out a small giggle "...or two, for that matter, only with the right knowledge about something so innocent and full of life as a tulip bulb..."
, sometimes it sounded like
this case had to do with Mycroft. But why he was constantly reminded of Moriarty... he didn't know. And that bothered him to no extents.
“Why not, we need to fix this. It works like a charm with the footage of the camera, but it doesn’t work with all the data we need from our clients.”
little red-John said,
"Ah, nope. Sherlock, I believe it would be imp-"
tone again, the flirty tone that made John want to scream. He smiled instead.
He inhaled deeply. Maybe he just did the experiment in a wrong way. As a good scientist, he thought about the conditions of the experiment... probably they weren't the right ones. Factors and variables were certainly misplaced. They were pointing in the wrong direction of the result he expected to obtain.
Elsie had started to cry and Martin put two fingers over her neck, then gave a look to Chloe over his shoulder. “If my experience is of any use, I’ll say she needs this ambulance more than Chloe does. She’s tachycardic while Chloe’s breathing looks just fine.” He moved his hand to his pocket and handed Sherlock a green disposable mask. “I know it’s a bit late, but use it anyway. I asked for another ambulance for you and Chloe. We can’t have these two together now, either.”
"Oh." Sherlock said casually, his brows almost touching his hairline, "I was changing positions actually, trying to get comfortable in the sofa. I was in the lab all day and fell asleep in a bloody anomalous position and my neck hurt, obviously..." he made a gesture with his hand at the back of his neck, grimaced and groaned; a sound similar to last night's "...still does."
Sherlock being biased. It was a scientific fact. As factual as the sun rises.
"Oh... and... why do you have it?" John tried to sound indifferent, but he knew his voice was giving him away. Not that he cared that much, actually. There were a couple of things now that he didn't care as much as he did before, at least not in front of Sherlock. He took a hold of it last night.
As soon as he opened his eyes, he saw Martin looking at him with a condescending smile. Sherlock was not used to be on the receiving end of this, but he found the way Martin did it didn’t bother him as it would have years ago.
When he saw Sherlock with his hands firmly over his crotch with the towel after that orgasm, he had been tempted to ask… so many things, he didn’t even know where to start. So, he had stepped aside and tried to calm himself. He was curious, yes, but being the witness of this side of Sherlock put him at ease, for some odd reason. He had seen Sherlock trying to calm down, seen those hands trembling a bit over the precariously placed towel. And, odd at this whole thing was, he felt at ease, knowing that Sherlock could do this, with him. It felt a bit as a privilege. Like going to the ocean and taking a photo of a jumping dolphin.
“Wha-? No! Oh God. No, Sherlock, that’s not...”
"I did." The detective replied, lifting himself again with his palm next to John's head, he gave a short nod and had an expression of extreme complacency. John giggled at this, Sherlock gave him a side glace and added "Well, more or less."
Giving a loud sigh, he took his phone and texted.
He walked to his violin case and looked inside.
“Of course it has, I’m sure it has.”
"Sherlock?" The word slipped from his mouth without his mind's permission. Sherlock responded with a throaty, incoherent noise. John released the air he was holding, threw the blanket back over Sherlock, and silently climbed the stairs to his room.
But no matter the version of John he imagined; Sherlock was still aroused in all of the scenarios. Better to test the waters, then. He sent a text:
"What does?"
“It’s no problem, we have plenty of those. You didn’t burn yourself?”
"You never shut up, don't you..."
"We're calling him, I'm desperate, there must be something we-" Mycroft knew the speech, he fought the urge to roll his eyes.
“Hm. Wise. Nothing good would -” Sherlock stopped talking when John moved his fingers to his throat, pressing here and there.
"Well, I can't change this, John... and I want you to go on... so, what do you suggest?" Sherlock turned around completely. He rested on his back now and supported himself on his elbows. His eyes fixed in John's. His state was evident in his trousers. John opened his mouth to reply, but he stopped when Sherlock did something he had never seen him do before. Sherlock's eyes travelled over his face, he observed his lips, his neck, even tilted his head down to look at him properly. His eyes stopped on a bulge in John's jeans. John was muted, surprised how his body reacted way too quickly when it was about Sherlock. "You are nearly hard as well and you were very well ignoring it..."
are you doing?"
He dreamed that he poured water over scars and that it erased them all. He dreamed that he massaged Sherlock’s muscular and firm arm with water (or water-based… something) and Sherlock massaged his left arm back.
her father.”
"Please call me as soon as you have anything.
"I need to check the medicine cabinet as well."
"You told me, you were thinking about me and Molly..."
The doctor just heard supporting his forehead with his index and thumb, his head tilted to a side, confused, but he had an idea of what was happening.
Sherlock sighed loudly and moved the pillow from his face. He was panting like a drowning man. The pillow might be a big improvement for noise, and maybe other things – but not for air.
“But you had to be dramatic.”
“Why’s that?” John asked, his eyebrows high on his forehead.
**..**
He put the wet scarf over his nose and one hand in front of himself as if calming a dog, and then he was out of the room with a soft click.
.’ Sherlock grimaced at the shortened
Maybe unconsciously, John adopted the same posture Sherlock had; his laptop was now balancing on his knees, his palms together and his fingertips below his chin. Sherlock lifted an eyebrow to him. John observed him carefully, his mind was running at a speed he didn't know it had.
"What the hell is he talking about? I have never shot you!" Greg whispered, taking his phone and pressing the STOP button from the recording. The voice and look in Sherlock's face giving him the chills.
"Once you learn, Sherlock... you're in an over hormonal body now. I am arousing you even if you hate me. I am your mind, Sherlock and you're confused. You're going to wake up. Wake up! There is nothing you can do and you know it. Live, wake up and live. Stay alive!"
Then he heard Mrs. Hudson's voice, but the words got lost in the distance, he only heard a mumble.
John took the papers and eyed them as he spoke. "I doubt it. This is good enough. But since I have your number, I will contact you as soon as I have news, okay?"
"That's nice. Want me to take it off for you?" Sherlock lifted an eyebrow at the question.
Then Sherlock moved lower, to John's neck and collarbones, he tried to reach his Adam apple but it was nearly impossible by the way his chin blocked the way to the rest of his neck, so he placed a finger below it and moved his face to the side, carefully. John obediently turned his head with a loud huff. At that time, Sherlock noticed that his own shirt was brushing John's naked torso and moved back so he could take it off.
He needed sugar. He asked for an apple pie along with his coffee.
“Love's rite…” Sherlock moaned aloud, muffled by the pillow, his hand stroking the fabric shouldn’t have felt that good. “John…”
In fact, there were two voices in the back of John’s mind; one was telling him it was the most completely normal thing to happen... after all, all of the most thrilling and exciting moments along this last year had Sherlock involved some way or another. He knew it had been the same for his friend. It could be just a simple muddle, Sherlock claimed, after all, John was
"Where is it?"
“Daddy!” she screamed with a toddler’s typical enthusiasm, “Shlock smells lemon!”
"Ugh... It's always about sex... John." Sherlock whined.
Sherlock smiled. “No, I assume you won’t... let’s go, then.”
**...**
"John... apparently, Mrs. Hudson heard the shots on the wall this morning. Christine was telling her for a while now about her husband cheating on her. She only took advantage of my boredom, using it as an opportunity, so she told her to come and try again."
**..**
"Sherlock?"
“…sounds very complicated,” John finished.
"Why don't you deduce, then." The doctor was over the edge. He wanted to dig a hole in the flat floor and disappear. Of course, his facade was perfect. At plain sight, he showed nothing of the turmoil inside him; he wanted to be interrupted by Lestrade and a drugs bust. He wanted to get a text from someone- Harry, anyone- to excuse himself and get the hell out of there. But at the same time he was curious... curious about Sherlock's behaviour about last night, curious about his deductions and, most importantly, about how could they go from here.
“You’ve been through a lot,” he started to say and John snorted without humour.
“Just Billy. We’re supposed to have been working together for years!” Craig gesticulated in the air. Sherlock only frowned and his eyes went to the door where Abby was coming in.
. He snorted and looked down nodding.
Seconds later, half his finger was in and the back part of his head screamed in rage how moronic this whole situation was again. He could have even cried in shame but there was no stopping now. A second finger was in and he had to clench his lips together before opening them again to take a long gulp of air.
As she disappeared in between the men, giving orders to the criminalists and the people from the force, Greg Lestrade rubbed his temples. He felt alone, the detective and his doctor were already reaching the entry to the facility near the canal, almost reaching the ghost town that had formed due to the evacuation of the place many years ago. He remembered the last time they were there, it was an adventure and, even with the danger, he had enjoyed it.
"No. I was far away, so I had enough time to press my sleeve over my nose as soon as I heard Molly's laughter."
? That's what they told everyone? He was always very aware that she was a woman, but there were times when he wanted to throw out all of his morals and give her a good punch. But then there was Lestrade, he could never forget what Greg told him on the Study in Pink case
The detective looked up and their gazes locked. John's pressure on his jaw softened and he backed up, leaving Sherlock with an appreciative grin.
"The shaving."
"It's just a case, Mr. Holmes..."
, yes: information. He thought about a lot of things he read in the books. There were many ways to make a person to regain confidence back; to praise them, to give them a present, to show interest in something they do or know... he had tried last night with the snoring. It wasn't the main purpose of his late night’s visit but he had taken the chance. The problem was, most importantly, that John could lose track in the investigation. If things got ugly, Sherlock knew people would be probably waiting for them at the facility. In a very bad scenario, there would be guns involved; there would be people's life at stake. And Sherlock knew John had a weakness for those. He needed to put John together before they got to the place. Many solutions danced around his mind.
John didn't know what to say, at the loss of words, he searched for his phone in his pocket and texted Sherlock.
"And you have been working there for years, and never heard a thing until recently?"
“May I see your computer software?” Sherlock asked abruptly.
“And Sherlock, I thought I was better than this. Realising how much of a bastard I am makes me angry. I always thought I was a good man. I wanted to be. I joined the military and was set to give my life for anyone there. Reality hit me hard and I can hardly forgive myself.”
They both could hear the groan of frustration downstairs; they looked at each other and giggled.
"I want to touch you, John." John's head tipped up and his eyes locked with Sherlock's bright eyes. He felt how his soul left his body at that voice, "I want you to touch me," Sherlock continued, brushing John's hand with his knuckle, gently. "Do you want me to touch you, John? Do you... want to touch me?"
"John?"
"Of course your beer is too warm, your hands are burning up." He took John's glass away from him and stood up, he got closer to Jack. He was a big, muscular man, taller than Sherlock even, John noticed. Then he saw how Jack gave him a new glass with dark beer. Sherlock made his way to John gracefully. "Here" Sherlock placed the new glass in front of John. "This brand is way better than the one you had. No wonder you couldn't drink it."
With a last sigh and a small "good, I'll see you tomorrow." Lestrade walked back to the Yard, Donovan was waiting at the front door. Both men outside could see how she asked something and Lestrade just waved a hand dismissively at her.
"Oh... because of your voice. I have to tell you, dear, I want to hear much more of what that incredible voice can do."
Nothing
"But John loves you too."
“Yes!” I loved it! “Harder!”
“It wasn’t a glance – it was 28 seconds! Which is a long time!” John’s accusation penetrated along with a finger of guilt. “Who’s Todd?” I dissembled.
“John...” Sherlock looked miserable. Anxious.
Sherlock ducked into an alley and removed his false beard and shed his long dark coat. Underneath he wore black workman’s trousers and a heavy fisherman’s sweater, both disguised his thinness. He donned a ginger wig and a dark blue watch cap and put the coat and whiskers into a backpack pinned inside the coat. He wished he had a change of shoes. As generic as his black work shoes were, they could betray him to a watchful observer. He spent a minute scuffing them up on the pavement. He finished the disguise with ginger mustaches.
I didn't even know where to begin.
My brain didn't function properly when I was sick. I hated the thick, turgid quality of my thoughts... I hated that I couldn't deduce or investigate. Through the haze of illness, the world was opaque. Is this how other people lived all the time? How did they bear it?!
“I’m sorry, what?”
John strangled the impulse to apologize or explain - this was not the time. But there was an awkwardness between them now. John wanted to go to him, to kiss him, reassure him, but doing that smelling of another man's cum seemed wrong. "I don't know the etiquette here." John said finally.
Then Dusette was in front of him, patting his cheek hard enough that he couldn’t ignore it. “He’s in shock.” She said and Sherlock knelt next to her. God, he hated Sherlock!
If he’d been along, the whole thing would have been a grand adventure – a romantic vacation even – instead of a slog. Instead of struggling for my life, John would be there with his gun and his impressive fighting skills....
"It's not you, Sherlock. I just... I just can't..." John took a deep shuddering breath. "I can't right now." And he was gone, his footsteps pounding down the stairs and the door slamming closed.
"Did he leave?"
“I’m going to kill you.” John vowed. Sherlock’s fear buzzed through their link.
“As it is she ended up in A&E with a concussion... big, bloody gash in her forehead, black eyes...” I trailed off.
Sherlock smiled self-deprecatingly. "A passing flirtation. Turns out I'm not his type."
“They’re prepped and ready, just need the location.”
Sherlock approved of her no-nonsense approach – and that she credited John with having the knowledge and experience a military doctor would have. She had asked how he would care for the wound, starting a conversation between equals, one in which she learned some things from him as well as vice versa. That did more for John's self-esteem than all of Phil's gold stars.
He fixed me with a furious stare. "It's NOT ok." He insisted. "Whatever it is, John, ok it's not."
“I can get whatever you want.” He tittered.
The coach was a kind and athletic Beta who'd spent his life teaching sport to children. After a game early in the season, Coach had taken him aside to praise a spot of quick thinking on John’s part in the thick of the action that had resulted in a try for their team. John hadn't scored the points himself, but Coach had noticed his part in it. John couldn’t wait to tell his Dad!
." He gestured at the room in Mycroft’s townhouse where they were staying.
And the rifle cocked audibly. I dove for the pillars as John pulled Lady Anwen down behind Aphrodite.
“He seems solid, that Beta police detective.” Mummy commented. “The young people like him. You do some work with him, I believe.”
"You only sleep with men."
He would
Mummy sighed and set down her pen. She looked up to where Sherlock stood, leaning against the bookshelves. “Your papa would have wanted me to take them in.”
"I'm... I'm going to cum." John groaned. He smiled down at my me, caressing my cheek. "Fair warning, yeah." He said.
"Then marry me." The words were out before Sherlock consciously thought them. But he realized he meant it. He wanted to marry John.
"John!" Shane didn't shout, but his tone cut through John's growing hysteria. "If that's what he did – Sherlock, staying back so Moran would let you leave – he just saved your life! It's obvious you're seriously hurt – we aren't going back and getting killed!”
“Maybe
“Everyone’s shoulders do that.” John informed me.
I injected the drug into my vein and pulled off the tubing. It was good. I laid back again and closed my eyes. “Don’t wake me until they get here.”
I needed to speak to Owen Hughes.
“A fool. Didn’t I tell you? Moran uses rhyming slang like it’s going out of style. Did the dry cleaner say anything about that?”
And he HAD Sherlock! John was unprepared for the fierce joy that gave him. Between his anger, Shane, and his fear of Sherlock's selfishness, he'd not let himself consider what it would be like to HAVE him, to really be together.
Every corridor looked exactly the same! No matter how many turnings I took, I was in an identical alley, still-sodden grass beneath my feet, five meter shrubbery walls to either side. Goddamn Gereth Llewellyn to hell! What had possessed me to follow him into this bloody hedge maze!? And where had he disappeared to?!
The Alpha grabbed him by the left arm and yanked him from the truck. Sherlock wailed in agony, his shoulder exploding. He stumbled and almost fell to the pavement, fainting with pain, it was only the iron grip of the the big Alpha that kept him upright.
Back on the street, I made my way through the congestion to the Underground. I changed trains – and lines – six times, searching for anyone familiar from Picadily or any of the transfers. As far as I could tell, I was clear.
“No, John – it would defeat Sherlock’s purpose! You're going to hospital! We can call the police to help him."
Maliciously, I hoped Victor caught it.
“Oh God!” John was convinced. “Let me get a condom.” He murmured, moving towards the drawer.
“No, John...”
Shane scoffed. "You claim to love him, but you're not going to do anything?! Why did I bother with you?"
“I thought that if I got access to this trove, I could use it to completely dismantle the organization quickly – I thought it would just be another month, two at the most, and I could turn over all the evidence and come home.
How can I expect him to set aside his natural preferences and a lifetime of exercising them… for me? A skinny, overbearing, rude know-it-all with exotic (to him) piercings and the wrong sort of anatomy who'd gotten him kidnapped (TWICE!), shot at and drugged. Who would choose THAT over petite and pretty Melanie with her soft breasts and tight cunt?
The toast was ready. John got up and got out a plate and began to butter it. His back was to Shane when he walked into the kitchen.
"Yes! Give it to me!"
She laughed again, a merry sound like the tinkling of little bells. It made me feel warm inside, and happy... suddenly I saw how right Sherlock was – Mary WAS exactly the type of woman I had always been drawn to. I HAD to question everything I knew about her – was she really like this? Or was she playing a role, trying to get me to like her? Had she been cast in this role? Coached, taught, to be someone I found attractive?
I did, stripping them down his legs. Then shoved my own trousers down and off, pants included. I felt exposed, suddenly, uncomfortably so. I quickly straddled John again and lay on top of him. I felt less vulnerable this way.
“Doesn’t matter... I can’t go back to the flat. I can’t be there right now.”
“You? You were there?”
I gave him a dirty look. “Australian.”
“Do you want me to go?” Shane asked. He didn’t look upset or disappointed. Had John imagined that earlier?
John turned red – and I believe he saw red too. I knew the jibe would hit, but not that it would hit him so hard.
It didn’t matter that I hadn’t wanted it, that battered and violated as I was, I’d struggled furiously against the needle in Vinokourov’s hand. It had bit into my vein regardless... I’d forgotten how good it was, how ecstatic. How wonderful it felt to simply float away in joyful contentment...
“Greg?” He dropped the wingtip. Mycroft was propped on his elbows, staring.
This was without testing him for any of the numerous diseases he might have contracted – from bacteria in his bloodstream to any number of sexually transmitted diseases including HIV.
"Did you give him a chance?"
“It’s completely realistic.” I said.
He took Sherlock’s hand and placed it on his thigh. “If you want me to stop for any reason, pinch me, yeah?”
Sherlock felt like John wanted to kiss him, wanted to lean closer until their lips brushed against each other, then crushed together in a surfeit of passion. But John turned back to the table and picked up his fork.
“One of them was tall.”
"I'm not. I am enjoying the way you express yourself."
For this, my dearest John, I am sincerely sorry.
“Got you! Got you, you poncey strawberry!” Moran exulted. “Right between the minces!”
“I can’t stay here, Johnny. I want to go home.”
John counted out his breaths, slowing them. He consciously relaxed his muscles. He reminded himself that if he panicked, Sherlock would feel it through their empathetic link – if he were in trouble too, the last thing he needed was to agitate him more.
Shane had been fantastic all that day. He had pointed out what John had missed in the coppers' expressions: wonder; approbation; RESPECT. John, unarmed, had taken down a villain one handed that most of them wouldn't have the first idea how to take down with two.
I sat down on my bed. My hip was aching and I was sick of it.
"The bullet would still have to get in somehow."
I painstakingly pulled on my socks and boots. Tying them was somewhat easier since I’d taken off the splints. No point in it now – and it had turned dark gray with filth. I pulled a t-shirt over my head and leaned back, letting myself nod off.
“With help.” Sherlock said, glancing at Lestrade. John ran his thumb over Sherlock’s bond bite, soothing them both.
He nodded slowly and I folded him into my arms once more. “The only thing that scares me, Sherlock – the ONLY thing – is losing you.” I rubbed my cheek against his lovely neck. “We’ve been apart for so long already...”
"I reassured him.” Church was saying. "A little massage and a quick hand job... easy-peasy. The pathologist didn't see the mark – no one did until you poked your nose in."
“Five million pounds. Dad wanted to give him more, but Vic didn't want it.”
“How is he?” Mycroft asked as he closed his office door behind Lestrade.
“Yes.”
“This here – this hormone ratio… the shape of her uterus. She’d given birth.”
John Watson had saved Sherlock’s life. Where was he now?
"No. And I don't screw around."
“Disappointed? Mycroft, we’re safe, we have food and protection… showers and beds. There are scientists working on a cure… John is being treated humanely… Anthea says there’s even a gym… I wouldn’t want to be anywhere else at the end of the world. I only wish…”
I found Sherlock waiting for me, a cab at the curb. I climbed in, pretending not to notice his concern.
“Cameron Magnussen.” Cam supplied as they shook.
"Of course." Sherlock said, standing up, his face unreadable.
“I don’t know, Sherlock. Let me tell you the rest.” As he worked his way through the pastry, I told him about Mary contacting me in a panic about Moran’s disappearance, going to Moran’s flat with Lestrade (“Good! You don’t want to be alone with those two!”), Cam Magnussen’s ... creepiness, and the discovery that Moran’s sniper rifle was missing as well.
I’d been MIA for hours. I looked at my phone – still no signal. I continued hobbling towards the house.
Ok. Good.”
I tried to grasp the fading dream, John sleeping in my bed in Baker Street... joy...
I swallowed my laughter. (I was wearing a gray hoodie after all, given me by the agent in the loo. He’d urged me to cover my hair.) “What’s next then? Where are we going?”
Shane obeyed looking furious that he'd let Sherlock goad him into the physical confrontation. Sherlock dropped the carnivorous grin and looked at John expressionlessly.
“Gotta slash.” John told the bouncer. The bouncer was a large Beta, blissfully unaffected by all the hormones in the room. He indicated a stairwell.
John wishes Sherlock didn't have the bloody flu – he wouldn't have waited to show Sherlock exactly how he felt.
“I know how to use a gun.” Sherlock said defensively.
"Sounds uncomfortable."
It galled him that he would never be considered an independent adult, that John would be blamed for anything Sherlock did. But it was still better than being under Mycroft’s thumb, the interfering git.
Shane grabbed hold of Sherlock’s arm and pulled it over his own shoulders. “C’mon!” They stumbled forward together, back down the winding path through the piles of junk, Sherlock’s bare feet slapping against the filthy lino.
“Sherlock? No.” I said. “He hasn't.” I was curious, of course, but if Sherlock didn’t want me to know...
John wasn't hungry. Neither was Sherlock apparently, they both sat there staring at the meal in silence.
"That is such crap!"
Should I have known, tied together so intimately, loving him so much, that he had lied to me? Should I have seen the depth of his sadness and fear and what it would drive him to do?
. He would never be dangerous to Sherlock. John was dangerous to anyone and everyone who might threaten Sherlock, but he would never harm an Omega and he would always safeguard
understand. Omega, remember?”
“Everything IS fine!” John shouted. “Everything except bloody Todd sucking your cock while I’m eating breakfast!”
“Then you’d best do something for him, Mycroft. Because this!” I waved the newspaper at him. “Is not acceptable.”
“I’m sorry, John.” I murmured as they bent me over the block. “I’m so sorry I failed you.”
John pulled Sherlock close and kissed him. “As if you’d ever allow that.”
I am miserable without you. I don't know how this happened, but I cannot stand this burden of sentiment. I thought if I stayed away, I could forget you and go back to the work. The work is what's important!
Lestrade came back to himself minutes later, hands against the tile wall, cooling water cascading down his body. There were bruises on his arms and legs — red, green, lurid purple — none as bright as a soulmark would be. Lestrade wondered if his never-found soulmate was dead now. Or infected. He shuddered.
“I’m starving.” John declared. “Let’s get a takeaway. What’s your pleasure: Thai? Chinese? Indian? Fish and chips?”
"What about you?" John asked. "Have you gotten back out there? Looked around? Hooked up?"
"Fine." John couldn't bear to look at him, couldn't bear his concern.
"Get out." John said, his voice low and dangerous. "Now."
“Yes!” Sherlock cried and wriggled under John enticingly. “Please, John! Fuck me!”
The Omega regarded him with a raised eyebrow, but Lestrade stared back challengingly. Sherlock returned his attention to the girl. “Brown sugar and something bitter, some scent eclipsing hers... not a bondmate, obviously, but something... else.” The bitter aftertaste was familiar…
Interesting. Had John's path crossed Moran's in Afghanistan? John hadn't replied to his text yesterday, so Sherlock didn't think he'd welcome another. He'd file the question for later.
"That's extraordinary, John."
They were panting, kissing and pawing at each other, all restraint gone. Lestrade tugged at Mycroft’s tie, undoing the perfect Windsor knot. He pulled the strip of silk free, tossing it aside — it would have made a fine binding for wrists in other circumstances. He opened the top button of the high-collared shirt and buried his face against the triangle of flesh. Mycroft moaned, luxuriating in the attention.
Sherlock turned back to me and let me caress his jaw – he leaned into my hand. “I wouldn’t seek it out. John, I don’t want anyone else.”
Then I got down to it. First things first, I covered my ginger hair with a black watch cap. Then I rummaged through my closet upstairs for my old green army coat – the black donkey coat I usually wore was too easy to spot.
“Brilliant.” John said, smiling at the handsome boy. Alfred glowed, smiling back shyly. John turned away, embarrassed.
“How much more?” Sherlock asked.
I am not the same man I was 882 days ago.
"Nothing of import." Sherlock snapped shutting the device, trusting that would reengage the lock screen.
"John often does."
Mycroft paused a moment – arranging his thoughts? Choosing his words? I stifled an impatient groan. “He’s in prison in Kazakstan.” He said. “There’s a terrorist cell there running a hit squad and dealing in arms and explosives – we believe they’re the last failsafe in Moriarty’s scheme to kill you if Sherlock lives.”
“What did someone so amazing see in YOU?!” Their eyes accused. I couldn’t blame them, I’d asked the same question myself.
“I don’t even know what to do with that right now.”
Sherlock looked at Shane's hand on his arm with irritation – he hated the man giving him orders in his own home.
“Yeah?” Lestrade tried to gauge his seriousness, but saw nothing to contradict it. He shrugged. “My boyfriends didn’t make the cut?”
Sherlock stood up. "You ARE being followed, John." He said. "Be careful."
I'd fallen asleep in my chair last night, sometime around 2 a.m. Lorry traffic had woken me early and I took myself to my bed without thinking too hard about what had kept me up. Thus I had woken to the sounds of John making tea in the kitchen at half nine still wearing the trousers and shirt from the night before.
Shane paused, thinking. "It was... implied. He said he'd kill John if I didn't. What could I do?"
“No, thank you, John. It’s... good ... to have someone to share the worry.”
“At least.” Sherlock replied. “She’s young, 15, I’d say.”
John wasted no more time. He plunged his cock into his mate, sighing deeply. Through their link, Sherlock felt John’s relief and pleasure doubled over his own. It was transcendent. The Alpha clutched at him, gathering Sherlock into his arms and burying his face in his Omega’s hair.
Minutes later, Lestrade was panting, clinging to Mycroft’s shoulders,
"Not in the least!"
Moran’s left arm was bleeding freely from where the first stiletto had bit, he was holding that arm back and feinting with the blade in his right hand. Dusette never took her eyes off the knife in his right hand, dancing around it, sometimes by centimeters.
"I don't know why they have to keep bringing this all back up." Mrs. Hudson said. The article had recapped Sherlock's career – his most famous cases, John's blog and the whole 'imposter' hoax that had driven the brilliant detective to suicide – and his eventual exoneration – before getting to the alleged sighting.
“I didn't ask you. I didn’t. And THIS is personal.”
“I’m not a witch.” I told him wearily. “I’m not a fortune teller. It’s OBVIOUS that you loved your dog. You took good care if him.”
Update Wednesday!
"This is because of you, isn't it?! He's been kidnapped again because of you!"
“No, I mean I’d like you to leave. I don’t want you lurking around watching me sleep. It’s weird.”
"Wait – what did the doctor say?" Shane eyed the door nervously. "What's John's prognosis?"
It was WONDERFUL! I held him in my arms all night long. I ran my fingers through his short hair and rubbed his back until he fell asleep, then I watched him breathe for a long time before I fell asleep myself. I hoped – I prayed! – that we would be sleeping together from now on. No more separations short or long.
"I'm sorry, John. It's hard not to be a fan." Shane shook his head apologetically. "I'm sorry, I'm reminding you of him too, now. Let's just be us." He put his arms around John and kissed his head. "Cinema? Or a blow job?"
"Mmm.
“I hope so too.” Lestrade said, sticking out his hand. “Cam...?”
“Everything on this ward is my business.” She said. “Whilst I commend your stamina, Dr. Watson, you've been badly injured. It might be time to take a few days off the shagging, use that energy to heal."
"No. You're a bloody bad ass."
But that didn’t mean that I didn’t have sex. Far from it. But I kept it ruthlessly separate from my work.
"In bed." Shane said. "I want you in my bed." He slid off the couch and pulled John to his feet, into his arms. John smiled and leaned up to kiss Shane again, his jeans sliding down his thighs.
Shane would say "I'm sorry," or "Tell me what you need," or even "I love you," and it would be wrong right now. It would push John off the knife's edge of comfort into fury and despair.
"Erm...he will be."
"We need to talk first."
I woke early the next morning with a profound sense of well-being.
"Is she the only woman in your bedroom, or one among many?" Sherlock asked as Moran opened the gate of the old-fashioned lift.
The underling left, and the boss came into the office and sat at the desk. Sherlock was hidden behind the door – the desk was at a 90 degree angle to the lounge, which put Sherlock at 11 o’clock to the boss. He peeked carefully out and saw that he was writing an email. The detective strained to see what it said. Something about Tallinn and someone named... not Moriarty... Moran...
"You're really beautiful, kid."
After the door shut behind her, John lay back down. "You're awake." He said.
The anesthetist put a mask over my face and the world fell away.
“You can take it off now.” Mycroft said. “And your shoes.”
“I’m here, brother mine.” Mycroft looked worried – but it was a mix of worry about my health and worry that he’d be asked to get too close or, god forbid, help.
“That’s it? Père would have wanted it.”
"You killed a tiger." Sherlock said. "Would you show me the pelt?"
John did as he was told, taking his trousers down and slipping them off. He sat on the sofa, wearing only a t-shirt, hoodie and a jockstrap.
John felt the muscles in his jaw tense. "No one's forcing you to listen." He said.
“And if you’re killed? It’s not like Omegas have a choice in the matter. If you die, he dies.”
“We just want to talk to you.” Sherlock said, holding out a ten pound note where the man could see it. “Will you talk to us.”
“I’ve warned him...”
John made tea and shelved books to Mendelsohn, unpacked labware to Beethoven, hung up an immoral number of dress shirts, bespoke suits, silk pants, dressing gowns, pyjamas and a single cashmere jumper to Dvorak, and puzzled over nine cartons of ephemera – a cow’s skull, two chess sets, a crystal decanter, framed maps and a huge framed periodic table, drawing pads and pencils, a small box containing an odd number of identical cuff links, a small box containing human teeth, nine half-empty bottles of scent suppressant, a vintage lamp, a chunk of marble, a harpoon, a sword, a baton, a switchblade, four opened containers of Tesco buscuits, a miniature painting of King George, a cat toy, an antique hypodermic syringe and needle in a moroccan leather case, a slipper filled with tobacco, another slipper filled with rolling papers, four wigs, a trilby, spirit gum, a makeup case, a basket of taxidermic kittens, a bag of sand, a signet ring, three electric kettles, thirteen pairs of sunglasses, personal lubricant, a sheaf of drawings, mostly flowers and plants, but several quick sketches of a child, a luchador’s mask, a Diamond Jubilee memorial plate, a novelty phone in the shape of an American football, eyedrops, a DSL camera, Wine Gums, a stack of miscellaneous photographs, a grinder full of pink Himalayan salt, four .22 gauge bullets, a book with flowers pressed between its leaves, a dusty bottle of wine, a bag of Jordan almonds, seventeen pounds forty in change, a tiki torch, six lighters, a box of matches, a crushed, half-full pack of French cigarettes, an alarm clock, two hammers, a spanner, a screwdriver, an iron, seven elastics, seven bars of incredibly expensive soap, moisturizer, nineteen bottles of hair products, nail clippers wrapped in a flannel, a half empty bottle of paracetamol, three stale joints, a tin of beans, a crocheted afghan, scotch tape, three folded maps of London, one folded map of the Great Britain, a tin of tacks, a clipboard, three cans of spray paint, an autoharp, an extension cord, an electric razor, a woven mat, six pads full of handwritten chemical equations, a very dirty cot blanket, a box of plasters, a stack of newspapers from 2009, a pamphlet talking up the salvation of Christ, fourteen unmarked videotape cassettes, two sets of sheets that felt better than any cloth had a right to feel, an armload of sheet music, a police I.D. in the name of Elisabeth Gregson, two boxes of messily full file folders, an art poster of a human skull, and a game of Cluedo – to Sibelius.
"To let me know he's watching. To let me know he's in control now." Sherlock smiled at Dusette's answer.
Clambering up the pitched roof of the house across the alley, Sherlock stopped suddenly - there was a camera on the peak pointed down at the house. Were all the buildings around the mansion wired? The mansion itself must be a fortress. Sherlock wasn't going to get into that house easily if at all.
John and Sherlock move in together... and another body is found.
"It's not." John said, laying his hand on Sherlock's arm. "You learn from regret. And your regret makes it easier for me believe that you won't leave me again."
Lestrade smiled and held out his hand. Mycroft took it and his soulmark flared, pumping endorphins into Lestrade’s bloodstream. “Yes. And pleased.”
"There's no reason you can't do it again."
"Oh." With one syllable, Greg conveyed his dismay, confusion and understanding of what John must be feeling.
“Watson, can you stay a minute?” The pathologist interrupted his reverie.
"I've had breakfast brought up. Put on some clothes and join me."
"Not as of yet, sir. Do you want me to wake you when there's news?"
"Other symptoms? Body aches? Headache."
“What bloody happened?” In the blackness he heard Lestrade shifting and rolling.
I pulled him to me, relief and shame that I had doubted him, even a little, washing through me. He lay down with me, kissing my neck, my jaw, his deft hands running over my torso and my arms. He began unbuttoning my shirt, pushing it aside to caress my skin, his fingers hot. I felt my hunger for him returning, my blood running high, hardening my prick. I kissed him, my hands finding their way under his t-shirt, stroking his muscular chest. I found a nipple and circled it with my thumb, delighting in how hard it became, how John moaned into my mouth.
"No, don't apologize. With what you've been through... what I'm trying to say... very awkwardly...." Shane chuckled self-deprecatingly, then stopped and took a deep breath. "John, you don't have to choose between Sherlock and me. You can be with him, I don't mind. I know you love him."
“I thought you wanted him to live. Doesn’t he deserve THAT?!”
Greg Lestrade had been ok. He hadn't asked, hadn't looked at him with pity. He was still reeling from finding Sherlock alive and (relatively) well.
I smiled into our kiss. “We missed my practice session this morning.” I said, starting to unbuckle his belt. I would never be the best cocksucker in the world, but I’d learned how to please him. I could make him come with my mouth alone now.
He simply shrugged. I tossed the roll of bills at him – he plucked it from the air and started counting it.
I SHOULD have known that he would do anything to spare me from Moriarty’s wrath, including break his promise.
Sherlock crab walked away from Church, scrabbling in the dust, as Shane wielded the bottom half of an I.V. stand, poking and threatening Angus with it. The nurse was like a bull, snorting and swiping at them with the scalpel, the metal rod in Shane’s hands the only thing keeping him at bay.
John, I can get–“
He reached and turned off the light then pressed himself against me. Our bodies fit together so perfectly.
John collapsed onto his back, limp. I swallowed his last emissions before I let him slip from my mouth. I climbed up his body and he extended a shaking arm and pulled me to his chest. He was damp with perspiration, his copper hair glinting in the late afternoon sun. I curled into him and he kissed my forehead, once, twice.
"Have you seen my friend this morning? Sherlock Holmes?"
John wiped away the tear that had wet his cheek with shaking fingers.
He wanted me, I wanted him...what was the problem? I wished he hadn't had that bloody flu, I would have kissed him right away. I would have made love to him – I wouldn't have given either of us time for second thoughts.
John shrugged. “I am a medical student, I am doing a morgue rotation, I was on my way there and I had had coffee and a bacon butty. I do shoot and I know how to fight. I grew up in Clerkenwell, my dad did drink too much and I didn’t like how he treated us. I haven’t seen him since I was seven years old. And I do have an Omega sibling.”
“OK. How does this get us a flat in central London?”
“I want to stay.” Sherlock said blithely. He shook his head and put a finger to his lips briefly.
How had all this happened to him? John closed his eyes. He'd removed limbs in Afghanistan, he knew exactly how his surgery must have gone. He couldn't stop replaying it in his mind, the surgeon picking up the scalpel, the bone saw, the clamps...
^^^Are you upset with me? Did I do something?^^^
Yet I know I am pitiful. The siren song of heroin is loud in my ears. Being with John muffles it somewhat, but it’s there still, relentlessly calling me. I can refuse it. I can say ‘no.’ I can deny it over and over and over. But it NEVER stops. Eventually I will succumb.
Mycroft looked stricken. “It’s disappeared!?”
Sherlock shuddered remembering the grasping inky-black scent of James Moriarty. Moriarty had convinced Mummy that he would be a good match for the family’s prodigal Omega with his wealth and connections. Even Mycroft, who was almost always Sherlock’s advocate, was impressed with James. (Or ‘Jim’ as he’d encouraged Sherlock to call him.)
The fact that Lestrade did not trigger John’s threat instincts, should have told the Alpha everything. Seriously, it was amazing what people failed to observe when it was
“So that’s… ten to twenty suspects.” Shane said. “How do you narrow it down?”
"Six years." Moran said. "Off and on."
Lestrade understood all too well. He’d been settling for scraps for years. Lestrade had allowed himself to look to his ex-wife for a bit of companionship over the holidays. They shared a daughter, it had come to seem inevitable that they’d share a pint at hers when he brought Georgianna home... and after the girl was asleep, fall into bed together again. They were both lonely... he’d looked forward to it.
I scrambled to my feet, ready to go to him – thinking how glad I was I’d taken the time to shower and shave a bit ago.
"What do you think of the family?" I asked. I didn't want to explore my ok-ness with John.
“Hm.” Sherlock looked thoughtful.
It was cold in the loft and the power was off. Sherlock lit a candle and drank a bottle of the water he kept there. He lay down on the threadbare futon in his clothes and piled quilts on top of himself. He pulled up the first of Shane Bruno's novels, "The Teddlington Towpath Murders.' It was about the rape and murder of two teenaged girls in 1953. It was a famous case in its time and Bruno's book, Sherlock grudgingly admitted, was extremely well researched and organized.
“I understand your bonding wasn’t planned.” She asked after they’d started.
John let the kiss end. Shane sat back and John took his hand. “I know this isn’t what you signed up for.” He said. “I don’t want you to feel like you HAVE to be here. You don’t.”
"Hiya." He said.
Gereth shrugged. "Why's he still here, then?"
"Shut up and take your sweatpants off." Sherlock replied. "Stop being an idiot."
"No, I think someone injected him with a lethal dose SINCE he's been in hospital."
“You aren’t wearing your seatbelt.” Mycroft chided, clicking his closed.
“Mm.” John said, unable to formulate anything more complicated.
“Ain’t easy for Omegas. You be careful, son.”
Sherlock paced uneasily around the room. If Moran hadn't been certain Sherlock still lived before, he was as soon as Shane had called. Nothing for that now.
"Of course you can." Sherlock said, touching John's cheek softly. "But allow me the privilege."
Mycroft ventured out of the doorway into the flat. He picked up the manilla envelope and opened it, examining the contents. "Good. Excellent." He murmured.
Bruno wasn't the sort of gay man who went in for decorating, apparently. The sparse furnishings had all seen better days, but they had been expensive once, well-made. The openness of the space was pleasing. The only bit of clutter in the room was Bruno's desk – he was a writer. True crime, Sherlock recalled with slight distaste. Of course the one book he'd read had been exhaustively researched, well-written, accurate and compelling. Sherlock hadn't been able to find fault with it. That didn't change the fact that most copies were sold in drugstores and airports, Sherlock reminded himself with petty satisfaction.
But he HADN’T remembered. Or he hadn’t cared when he was high. Or he'd sabotaged himself for some reason he couldn't recall. So now he was penniless and sick. Too sick to think this all through and come up with a plan. Which left him with very few options.
"I... complicated. I can't imagine the logistics."
That sounded more appealing. Much more appealing at this point. "OK." I agreed.
"Wait, what?" Another voice. Shane. "Angus?!"
“Can’t hurt.” Sherlock said blandly.
"But..."
I was. I was trembling, my heart racing, my breathing shallow. John rolled back onto the bed and cuddled next to me, stroking my hair. "It's all right." He crooned. "You're with me now. You're safe."
"But it's moot. I don't do that anymore." I said carelessly.
But he was IN LOVE with me. Sherlock was in love with me. ME! How did I feel about that? I searched for an honest answer.
“Push ‘im, then, slowly.” Church said. “Down there. I’m right behind you.”
“I have to ring the Dade County Medical Examiner right now!” Sherlock cried leaping from the bed.
"Yes. I never bothered to learn."
“You didn’t have to do that.” I told the smuggler.
"Yes! He just fucking proposed! I have no idea what to do with that. I want to get my head around this before I talk to him. Talk to you." John added, glancing at Sherlock.
"No." Angus said. "You lost a hand – that's bigger than losing a boyfriend. Way bigger. As far as I'm concerned, you should keep both of 'em as long as they're helping you."
"No... John, I'm asking you to set it aside for now. I'm trying to let you off the hook."
The nurse hesitated a moment longer, then turned on her heel and marched out of the room.
Sherlock gave John's hand a reassuring squeeze and smiled. Abruptly he let go and looked away from John. He seemed ready to leave his side – John understood, it was hard to be so in love with someone who was with someone else. It was hard for John too – Shane and Sherlock, so different from each other, both so dear to John. Both so attractive.
“Good!” I kissed his cheek, pressing my face into his cropped hair. “Where would you go tonight?”
Lestrade, grabbed DC Smythe — the only unbitten he could see — and ran.
"No." John said. "Not yet."
"It's usually family."
"Perfectly Fine. He's met up with Mary Morstan three times and has thus far managed to misunderstand her flirting as friendliness." Mycroft said. "He misses you, of course."
a way! Tell me.” He demanded.
“Bloody hell.” No wonder he hadn’t returned my texts! I wasn’t hungry any longer. “I should go look for him.” I stood up thinking of the torrential rain.
Captors. Yes. John remembered everything now. How three men had burst into his flat and surrounded him. They were aggressively silent. And just plain aggressive – John hadn’t been given a chance to fight OR surrender, a needle bit into his neck and his limbs felt heavy immediately. He remembered thinking ‘this is about Sherlock.’ The thought hadn’t made him angry. He’d felt… anticipation. Excitement.
“Sherlock…” John’s voice was taut. “Stay out of this.”
Lestrade carefully cleaned the brown leather gloves, thinking he might need them again before this was all over. He discovered teeth marks up near his wrist.
“You’re moving?” Mycroft sounded disgruntled. I wanted to protest – John COULDN’T move. I wouldn’t know how to picture him somewhere else!
There was silence in the room for a long moment. Sherlock sipped more water. Finally Shane spoke. "Ok. What do we do?"
I dodged the punch again, leaning away. I hit him in the kidney as I swung around behind him and I boxed his ears before he could correct and turn to face me.
“Mm. How long?”
"It's perfect – they won't expect us tonight!" He sat up avidly.
“Sentiment?”
“Indeed.”
"Tests!" Sherlock scoffed. "It's a questionnaire."
I had dreaded coming here. But I had known almost from the beginning that it would be necessary. I gave myself a 67 percent chance of completing this mission successfully.
Sherlock basked in it, reminding John subtly through their link that he was still sore. John laughed out loud. “I doubt I’ll be able to get it up for a week, at least. If you weren’t so gorgeous, sex would be the last thing on my mind right now.”
“Did he?”
"Sherlock, there's nothing to be embarrassed about." I said. I couldn't help but think of his piercings, they were visible in the water. But I kept my eyes on his face.
I scoffed and continued down the stairs.
“After... I called Mycroft and railed at him for letting you die – he was very calm, he found you on CCTV and assured me you were quite alive. Then he insisted I tell him what I’d done... I barely remember what happened then. I was in shock, I assume.
A tall, slim shadow emerged from the maze.
"Police are on their way... I have to call a lawyer for Gereth..." She fretted, ill over her brother's actions.
"Taz followed his beloved partner of many years, Angus P. Church, to London in 2010. There he worked at St. Chrysostom's Hospital's physical therapy department. He continued to play and coach rugby and to be active in the LGBT community. On his return to Sheffield last year, The Wednesday were delighted to have him back with the team.
Seb nodded, shooting daggers at him. “Tom Hanks.” He muttered, thanking me for the drink. “How do you know John, mate?” He asked  Vaachaspati with a distinct lack of warmth.
"Of course, Sherlock. I'll make time."
Shane held his breath. The plan was that Moran would find Shane, Shane would make a fuss and Dusette would use the distraction to get the upper hand. She’d killed the other man, the guard, with a stiletto that appeared in her hand out of nowhere – she’d thrown it deftly and it had lodged in his neck. He’d bled out quickly.
How could I tell him that I was no longer the man he’d loved? That I never would be again.
…brushed…
"I'll be back in a while." He said. "The remote is by your tea. Your phone too." John was so thoughtful!
He harrumphed and pulled back sharply. But the thrill of childish glee I’d expected didn’t materialise. I just felt numb.
Oh, fuck. "Sounds like your tiger was tough."
I crawled over rocks, dragged myself along the slippery trail, it was endless...
John moved like lightning. He was on her in an instant, slapping the gun from her hand into his own and turning it on her so quickly I wasn’t certain how he’d done it. I’d known John was highly trained in hand-to-hand combat, but this move surprised even me.
"But...?" Shane asked nudging John's foot with his own.
Despite Sherlock’s expectations, they were not accosted by Mycroft’s car as they limped the several blocks to John’s flat. Every CCTV camera in sight turned their direction and followed their progress – making it obvious Mycroft saw them. But for once he didn’t interfere.
“Clearly.” Sherlock replied. He tried to quell the surging waves of joy, but he couldn’t. This was EVERYTHING. He pulled John’s fingers to his lips and kissed them. “This means nothing.”
“Detective Inspector.” Mycroft said softly.
In our flat, John put the kettle on and got out two mugs. Now we were here, now it was time to talk, it seemed that neither of us were in a hurry to start. John stirred sugar into one of the mugs and handed it to me.
“I took Moran’s photo to the dry cleaner last night. It’s the same man, he‘s certain.”
Lestrade stomped groping fingers that wanted to latch onto his ankles. They quickly made their way to the side butted against the wall, putting the mass of the skip between themselves and the encroaching mob of infected.
It was impossible to cheat the maze – the shrubbery was robust and full, top to bottom. There would be no cutting through or seeing over. I turned back, contemplating the gray sky above the disorienting sameness of the hedge maze.
“I’m afraid not. The Home Secretary was sworn in last night.”
I hadn't even realised I was afraid. But I was. I was terrified. "I'm being stupid." I gasped, trying to catch my breath.
I’d hoped that he’d charge at me, but saw that he wouldn’t. He shifted his weight and bounced closer, fists up, looking for an opening. He feinted with his left – obvious – but struck out hard with his right.
"And you're very good at meditating. That will be invaluable for you."
The burly man’s face was altered, no longer the outgoing, acerbic nurse, Angus looked cold, angry, his eyes dark.
“I realise that. I can do it!”
He HAD to tell John something important!
"I read your book." Sherlock replied. "It's true, isn't it? You tracked a wounded tiger down a drainage ditch. In India? You didn't say where."
“Not really. There’s no one else. Mum died when I was at University. It’s just the two of us.”
Vinokourov was pasty pale and ginger, his orange hair curling tightly, his eyebrows invisible and his eyes pink like a white rabbit’s. Despite this, he was hard – his face, his frame, his musculature, his expression, every part of him was hard. I respected his determined hardness even as I scoffed at his raging ego and intellectual limitations.
Lestrade couldn’t completely supress his smile. “Never.”
"I was worried it was too soon for a second there." He supported John while he stood and pulled the wheelchair over.
“I was lucky. My father knew I’d be happier if he let me choose. He wanted to meet Tamsin, of course, I had to have his permission. But once he met her, he agreed, she was right for me.”
John unbuttoned the top button of Sherlock's trousers, one-handed. "Open that." He commanded. "I want to touch you."
“I don’t know if this will mean anything to you...” I said carefully. “But I watched Sherlock jump... I still can’t reconcile that with anything else – everything else – I knew about him. Two minutes before, I would have said Sherlock was the last person who would kill himself. But I saw him do it. I talked to him on the phone right before – he said goodbye...” My voice broke and I shuddered. (Even knowing Sherlock was alive, the memory of that moment still gave me nightmares.) “It makes no sense to me still.” I took her hand and she allowed me to hold it. “Mary, I’m not saying Marcas killed himself. I have no idea. I’m just saying... I understand. I have to believe Sherlock did it to himself because I saw it... but if I hadn’t seen it, nothing would have convinced me he wasn’t forced. Sometimes I still wonder...”
**John, I love you more than I can express. I want nothing more than to be with you in Baker Street again.**
"Have you talked to John about this?" Walter asked. "About how you feel?"
She scowled unhappily. “Yes.”
"Lestrade's."
"That's ridiculous. You didn't 'drag me' into anything. I wanted – I WANT to do it!" John was indignant. "No one could predict what Moriarty would do, let alone Moran!"
“Onto your side. Come on.” John tugged on my hip and I found myself laying face-to-face with him. He kissed my neck briefly, my chin, my mouth – then pulled back. With one hand on my arse, he guided my cock between his thighs, then pressed them together tightly. “Come on now.” He said.
Sorry this chapter took so long! I was distracted by Black Panther... but that's another story (literally - http://archiveofourown.org/works/13714497 ). I'm determined to finish this behemoth before I start my Johnlock pro bike racing AU – and as road racing season has begun in earnest, that is pulling at me. (Did anyone catch Strada Bianchi? Fantastic race! I love the white road classics.) But there's at least two more chapters of Uncertainty, I think, to get it where it's supposed to go.
“I wouldn’t.” I said. “You know I wouldn’t.” I kissed him again to shut him up, to quell all his doubts. Kissed him until he was hard in his trousers and grasping at my arms to hold him more tightly. I cupped the swell, it was hot against my palm and so, so familiar. He moaned into our kiss, a sound of pure desire, and I felt my own cock rising in response. Pressing him against the wood behind him, touching him this way, kissing him… THIS was more like how we’d been before. He was enjoying it too – no trembling, no panic… maybe I simply had to approach him more carefully…
John considered. He almost felt warm and that made him feel very tired. And he felt flat, like nothing mattered very much. "No." He replied. "Tell me when I wake up." He'd slept again until the specialist arrived. He spoke in concerned tones that conveyed the gravity of John's situation. Soon after they put him in the bladder machine.
John sniffed the air.
Sherlock swore. "Fine." He said. "Get it over with." He suppressed another wave of nausea.
I woke again in the morning. I had a headache but there was sunlight in the windows and I could hear John humming to himself. He'd left the adjoining door open and I could hear him moving around.
"For how long?"
In sight of the restaurant, he saw Shane waiting for him, checking his watch.
"Yeah. You've said."
“Hello.” I said to the lone occupant, a middle-aged woman wearing an apron.
Sherlock was alert and standing in an instant. “Tell me what happened.”
The lorry's engine turned off and abruptly he could hear voices, car doors opening and closing. Adrenaline surged through him, his heart beat faster and Sherlock felt some strength flow into his limbs.
“Sherlock! Sherlock…” John said urgently. When his mate’s eyes focussed, he went on. “Dr. Mahon and Virginia Hooper are here. Something’s happened to Molly.”
"It IS my business when a forty-six year old man is taking advantage of my underaged brother – it's very much my business!"
"...been to Venice, you really should. It's like no other place in the world. The city itself is a work of art."
"He was rather... confrontational. You're sure he knows it was a goodbye?"
Dad snorted. “Fast. He means you’re short, Johnny. You dart around like a little gnat. I was taller at four than you are at six.”
chose you. I
I liked it too.
He looked at me strangely like he hadn’t expected me to agree. I loved John’s jumpers. Granted, I loved them on John, but he was right, I felt awful. The thought of John’s jumper enveloping me, smelling of wool and John’s soap and JOHN, was extremely appealing. He dug in his duffel and handed me a blue one.
For one perfect moment, they were together.
"Obvious." Sherlock muttered over his toast.
Some time later, the tears had stopped and his stump began to throb. He stood, it took a moment to get his bearings, to feel steady on his feet – he still felt the effects of the compromised circulation in his left leg. He carefully walked back to his bed and lay down. He pressed the call button for a nurse.
John: Of course!
Sherlock didn’t respond. He scrolled through all my texts with Mary. He began to cackle. “Oh yes, Moriarty did his homework. She’s perfect for you!”
I raised my eyebrows. "Your sister wants him here."
Mycroft eyed me with poorly disguised anger and frustration.
John had to tell Sherlock! He had to get Sherlock out of here!
Sherlock scowled at the thought of John's relentlessly positive occupational therapist, Phil. While he understood the logic behind focusing on the things John COULD do rather than on what he couldn't, it rankled to see John treated like a kindergartner getting a gold star. Sherlock couldn't understand why John hadn't punched the nob yet.
This is crazy!" Shane protested.
He threw off his dressing gown, pausing only to pull something from the pocket. He untied my kimono. “Take it off.” He ordered.
John smelled amazing – musky and warm – so familiar. He smelled like home. Like sex. Sherlock had never pressed himself against John like this, his body hot beneath his thin pajamas, the strength of his compact form taking Sherlock’s breath away. He felt a stirring in his groin, an awakening – and he felt a similar stirring in John...
John complied, grunting with the effort. It was fantastic, the best sex he’d ever had. He thrust exuberantly, his fingers digging into the Omega’s hips. He panted and cried with the ecstasy, breathing in more and more of the heady Omega scent.
“I was orphaned when I was fourteen.”
John jumped up in surprise – he hadn't heard anyone come into the room.
Victor smiled at me archly. “I remember being a bit handsy when you were helping me stagger to bed. That’s not something I usually do either.”
"Yes." Sherlock bit off tersely. "Moran." He said to John. "Colonel Sebastian Moran. Did you encounter anyone with that name? Possibly in Afghanistan? Or in the Army generally?"
However, I was not nearly as upset as I’d affected with Seb Moran. It was a good excuse – better than any other I’d come up with – to cut short our date. I didn’t want to touch Moran, let alone kiss him. I couldn’t even imagine doing more.
"What if ... I don't want to. I don't want any of this."
“No one has ever done anything like that for me. No one. I’m just an average bloke –”
“I don’t want to move, Sherlock. Why would I want to move?”
“Too much?” I asked, kissing his smooth bum.
“Dr. Watson?”
Then as I wrestled his trousers and pants off his hips, I saw something within the confines of his neatly trimmed pubic hair that made me wince and cringe: Sherlock had a Prince Albert piercing! Named after Queen Victoria’s husband, who, yes, had this piercing, a ring goes into the urethra then out the shaft under the head of the penis. His foreskin covered part of the ring, but not all. I’d never seen one in person. I couldn’t imagine the amount of pleasure it would have to cause to be worth getting.
When I was finished, Lestrade gazed at me speculatively. “John –“
"I don't know. He just is." Sherlock stared resolutely at the blurred shrubbery.
Lestrade felt interest pooling low in his belly.
“I know.”
John read the letter through again. Then again. The regret came through more clearly, the pain and panic that Sherlock had felt, John could empathize. If only Sherlock HAD come to him! If only he had sent word in those first weeks – John would have only needed ONE WORD…
John concentrated hard. Sherlock... he felt him. Sherlock was in pain – that filled John with a depressed rage. He wanted to leap up and race to his mate's side, protect him. But he couldn't move – the gargoyles held him down with their evil talons.
I remember. I’m sleeping in Mycroft’s bunker, thirty meters underground. Alone.
“Come now, Mr. Holmes, it’s only a few more minutes.”
Knowing where I had been in the maze helped immensely – at the very least, it improved my state of mind. I knew I wasn’t retracing my steps over and over. Eventually I found the center – a small clearing with a little folly: the faux ruins of Roman columns, a marble statue of Aphrodite and a marble bench covered with hibernating ivy. It was probably lovely in the summer, but now the ivy was naught but a dead brown mass infecting the white marble folly.
“Of course. Do you want tea? I’ll put the kettle on.”
She’d called him an orphan.
"Ok, thanks." I wandered back to the dining room where I found Lady Anwen, Selwyn and Gereth taking breakfast.
Vaguely I was aware of being pushed onto my stomach and mounted. I deleted it.
"Does he take GBH recreationally?" She asked, still busy with the chart.
“Ok.” John said. “Just lay back and relax.” He pressed the head of his cock into his Omega’s mouth and fucked shallowly. Sherlock tugged impatiently on John’s thighs. John pushed himself in farther, and with Sherlock’s unspoken encouragement, even farther until he could feel himself breach the Omega’s throat.
"My ex just walked in." I tried to hide behind Mike, but she'd already seen me.
"How did it go with Bob?" Shane asked John.
"Mmm-hmm. Come here." I pulled him down for a kiss. His lips were soft and warm. It was strange to kiss a man, strange to kiss my best friend... but I felt happy. Very happy. "Must have been quite a dull study."
"But don't you see?! This is our chance! This is how we ... I ... free myself from this... ridiculous sentiment. I would never be free if I'd stayed in London. I needed distance and time."
“What’s your name?” John demanded.
John grinned and worked it out on his own.
Then he remembered his conversation with his brother. Moriarty. Moriarty watching them, waiting… Moriarty hanging over their heads like a pendulum, ready to swing down and deal the killing stroke…
“Oh… right…” Sherlock said. Of course, John had a girlfriend! Someone like John probably had Beta girls falling all over him… Sherlock struggled to control the jealousy, shooting off like fireworks in his head…
"I don't know, but they'll give John something to focus on."
“In here.” He said. I realised that one entire wall of the empty room had closed sliding doors. Sherlock pulled one back to reveal a rolled futon and linens.
"Next time, pull my hair."
“I don’t like to get my hands dirty, I let the other Alphas do the fighting.”
Mary smiled again, a little lopsided. She was pale – she’d washed her face and not bothered to reapply makeup. The bruise on her cheek was blooming, it would black her eye, I could tell. The swelling was minimal however – the ice had done its job.
I missed John all the time. I missed his voice, his laugh. I desperately missed his touch. When I was injured, I worried about keeping my promise to return to him. Then the prostitute... I had agonized over the betrayal.
I took the card. "Thank you." I told him and bid him goodbye. I sincerely hoped I wouldn't find myself back in his care again.
"We haven't finished talking." John said. "But right now I want a bath." He looked at the two men bristling at each other and escaped into the toilet.
Twenty minutes later, I was sipping tea in a cafe on the high street. I’d turned the thugs over to a couple bobbies Lestrade had sent, then taken the poor woman to the cafe where she could sit and get warm.
It was a misty night, the cool vapor coated everything making it damp and sparkly under the lamps. It collected on John’s jacket and jeans, on Shane’s trench coat and in his chestnut hair. Everything seemed a little magical through the haze of fog and rum drinks.
these Omegas. Their instincts would now be telling them to bond with John. That was a complication he had never considered. He cleared his throat, turning to survey the young Omegas. Their wide, round eyes stared back at him with a combination of fear, hope and admiration.
"Yesterday was unfortunate – but I did establish that your father was almost certainly murdered."
I sat back, controlling myself. “Ok.” I said. I was starting to dread what he would say.
So I stayed in my chair. I had my knees pulled up to my chest and now I rested my chin on them and waited.
“I guess. He’s never said it should have been him instead of Anwen. He’d be better at it than he is at business. Anwen’s brilliant at business – she’s running Dad’s company now. I think Dad intended G take it over. Or Wynnie, maybe. But neither of them give a fig for textiles.”
John hurriedly loosened the buckle and slipped his right arm out of the harness. He pulled the prosthesis loose from his left arm and set it carefully on the end table. Then he rolled the cushioning sock off his stump, conscious of Shane's eyes on the truncated arm. He had a sudden sense memory of running the fingers of his left hand through Shane's chestnut hair, grabbing a fistful as he plunged his cock into Shane's mouth – it brought tears of grief and rage to his eyes.
Lestrade carefully pulled out and disposed of the condom, tossing it into the bin and grabbing tissue. He eased himself down, next to the taller man, his lips ghosting across a damp shoulder.
“Are we any closer to finding him?”
We met outside. It was cool and breezy – enough that I questioned if Sherlock should even be outdoors. He was still painfully thin and detoxing had taken a toll, he looked pale and ill wrapped in a snow white parka, a black wool beanie covering his stubbly head.
“Harry.” I said. “Intervention. Getting her settled in rehab...” Just saying it made me feel glum – I wished I COULD intervene with Harry...
“If they’re watching us that closely, they saw us through the windows yesterday. They already know.”
“Are you hurt?” John tried to ask. But it didn’t come out right. He couldn’t hear himself over the screaming.
“John, I
"He doesn't love you anymore!" Gereth cried.
“I’m experiencing heroin withdrawal! Of course I’m sick. Are you a complete idiot? Give me morphine! I know you have morphine on this bloody plane!”
“Where?!” I demanded. “Back the way we came?”
John, holding Shane's hand, tugged him forward and they started walking again.
“He had work. He’s lead designer in the company. That’s how they met,”
"You need to sleep." I said, more gently, running my hand down his bare arm, feeling him shiver under my fingers. "I can stay up and watch whatever you want watched. I'll text you when something happens – what's supposed to happen anyway?"
“Sherlock, you heard what he said. You heard what that bastard does to Omegas! We have to tell somebody. We have to stop him!”
“Wonder what?” She asked sharply.
“I can’t lose him, Mycroft.”
“Me?!”
John screamed and squirmed, tried to get away from the evil whip. He felt like his scalp was being ripped off through his nuts. His ears were ringing and every nerve ending in his body was spontaneously immolating. He registered that someone was screaming "Stop it! Stop it! STOP IT STOPITSTOPSTOPSTOP!" seconds before he realized it was himself. Moran didn’t take any notice he was wholly focused on his task. It didn’t require much movement, just a constant flicking of his wrist – something John saw through the haze of pain. He recoiled deep into his mind, burrowing under the torture to a place where he was only dully aware of the crop digging into his bollocks, turning them ruby red, making them swell.
“I did. Yeah. Absolutely.”
The early morning traffic woke me – it was light out, but dawn came early this time of year. John slept beside me and I took a moment to marvel at that. We’d slept together every night for the last three months, two weeks and four days – he’d all but moved into my bedroom – but I never wanted to forget how amazing it was. I had never expected to have this, have him. I never expected to have this happiness in my life.
“Must be why Mummy has never much bothered. Have you told her about Lestrade yet? I imagine she'll be thrilled.”
"Right. Ani's head of the family now." The boy said bitterly.
“John!” He moaned… and John knew he had to put his knot inside the Omega. He had to!
“No, John, you need…”
“No. But the balance of probability is that you have... multiple motivations.”
"Yeah, it would. But as you've pointed out, this isn't about me, it's about John. If you really love him, leave him alone."
will force them." Mycroft retorted as if he'd said it a hundred times already. It's possible that he had. "We're simply giving them the option of bonding with respectable Alphas,
“Where’s your bed?” I asked, our kisses urgent.
"Hold on." John closed the door and turned to me, his face questioning.
“I don’t need ‘looking after!’” It was out of my mouth before the rest of the sentence penetrated. I threw back the whisky.
"Mm. How did you feel about your father's marriage."
"Yeah" Said the man who had locked eyes with John and taken out the other thief. He looked like an older, craggier Freddie Mercury, his thick dark hair combed back and his chin eternally blue with five-o-clock shadow. “Expensive coat. He scarpered before the police showed up." He extended his hand. "I’m Jason.”
“Who said anything about bondmates?” The Alpha cried.
"Not in the flat." Sherlock informed him. "But I could get heroin here in about... forty minutes."
That's the thought that roused him fully into consciousness, that rush of fury like a slap, like a bucket of cold water...
It took him an interminable moment. "YOU'RE youngest?!" He realised.
She held my gaze with her teary eyes. “Yes.” She quavered and I remembered that though Mycroft had told her I was alive – indeed she had harboured my automaton – I hadn’t seen her, or she me, until now.
“How do you know if you don’t try?!” He asked testily.
Yours,
“Yes. Lyn’s getting it all ready. I’ll bring it up after we get him settled.”
It felt like home, holding him. Suddenly my senses were filled with Sherlock – his scent, the solidity of his back under my hands, his face tucked against my neck... I loved him! God, how I loved him!
Mycroft looked away, confirmation enough.
As for tracing Sherlock himself… that had become increasingly difficult the past few years. Mycroft’s agents were swarming Camden Town, but Sherlock was extremely innovative for an Omega. It vexed Mycroft that his little brother managed to evade his watching CCTV eyes so successfully.
Mycroft sighed – an alarming sound from him. “Sherlock’s been an inmate for eight weeks, looking for a way to infiltrate the gang – we know they exist, we don’t know how they operate. Last week... last week, it seemed like he’d gotten in – he was absent from his usual routine and the sources I had keeping tabs on him said he’d disappeared. You know how Sherlock works – he sees an opportunity and he takes it. Without bothering to explain himself.
I shivered with filthy delight and agreed to his demand. “I love you.” I said.
He glanced up. Neither of his friends offered to help him. Shane was busy spooning rice onto his plate while Sherlock had his nose in the green curry.
“I just can’t. I have to …finish something first.”
“But you can’t stop me, either.”
I sat up, straining to hear.
My throat was ridiculously sore and I felt flushed and achy. But I was close! I would triumph over my body's frailties!
But what was that sweetness on the receipt? Cologne?
"Ironic that you owe it to Shane."
"You don't mean it."
He still had to be neutralised. Vinokourov was too effective and knew too much about Moriarty and his network to be ignored. I simply had to work out how.
“...Syndrome.” Sherlock said in synch with Lestrade’s defensive grumble, as if he’d known all along. “Very convenient. Surely even so, some Alpha would take her...”
"No. Maybe it won't be very valuable after all." Sherlock began systematically searching the flat. He touched the painting on the far wall – a large, white and black abstract. He pulled it aside revealing a safe.
"Bugger off." John growled.
John saw Sherlock’s smile and saw the flush of pink color his cheek. He pushed himself up onto his knees, his face and shoulders still against the bed. He opened the lube and squeezed some onto his fingers. He reached back between his legs and touched himself tentatively, circling his hole with a finger then pressing it into himself.
“Right.” Lestrade said. He closed the file.
He chuckled. "Then think deeply about your sobriety. It helps." He patted me on the back as we approached the doors. "Take this." He said, handing me a card. "My number's on it. If you feel overwhelmed, feel like you're going to relapse, call me. Day or night."
“Don’t sell yourself short.”
As I washed out the container, I felt his hands on my hips, his breath on my neck. He kissed my neck and whispered, “John!” in a voice both hopeful and uncertain. I leaned back against him and he stretched his arms around me. Again I marveled at how romantic Sherlock was - this was a side of him I’d never suspected.
They’d taken a taxi to Scotland Yard and Sherlock had swooped in, insulted the Sargent at the desk – who buzzed them through without comment – then taken John to the office of the DCI, the Detective Inspector in Charge.
I cowered, my eyes downcast and my arms limp, affecting surrender. But I was searching for an opening – any opening. I wouldn’t make this easy for them.
Shane stiffened. "That's not fair." He said quietly.
“Thank you, lieutenant. Dismissed.”
"Well, not at the same time, but..."
“Lestrade’s looking. I have my people on it too.”
It was my turn to be surprised. “Whatever for?”
“You’ll be on your knees soon enough, English. But not for the likes of him.”
“Do you think so?” Sherlock asked, blinking in surprise.
“Do I? I don’t remember.”
The thought of fucking raw was irresistible. John had never let himself consider it before – between pregnancy and disease, there was plenty of reason to glove up. But he couldn’t think of a single reason now, not with his cock so incredibly hard and Sherlock’s fingers so recently prying open his beautiful arse.
John was silent for a moment. “I don’t like fighting with you either.” He said softly. “We need to learn to talk to each other... instead of bottling things up until they explode. And we have to listen.”
I stripped off the protective gear in the hallway as Sherlock detailed his findings to the Inspector. Before I was finished, they walked into the lift without me.
Sherlock was babbling. They’d stopped deep in the basement, in a cul de sac formed by a stack of rusting industrial dryers, a mountain of beige computer towers, monitors and associated ephemera, and what appeared to be a dismantled hyperbaric chamber filled with leg braces. Everything had an impressively thick layer of dust and filth.
“John…” Shane started.
“Oh John! You weren’t a bother! You were a challenge!” I assured him. “You stood there in my lab – at parade rest, no less – and it was obvious you were absolutely shattered. But you were holding all the pieces together with such... stubborn dignity... most people had no idea how shattered you were.
"But what?"
“I know I… I don’t mean to flinch when you touch me. It isn’t you.”
“No – what are you doing HERE.” He indicated the prison around us. “Drugs, right.”
“Wallog – home of the Earl of Kilvey. It’s north of Aberystwyth on the coast.”
Wearily, Sherlock nodded and rolled over, dropping an arm to unhook the ladder. It extended with a loud ringing that had Lestrade cringing, despite already being surrounded. He wasted no time, climbing to the platform and then pulling the ladder up behind him and securing it again — he didn’t think they could climb a ladder, but better to be safe.
“I know her.” John explained. “Her mothers sent me here to find her. I’m getting you all out.”
But John had insisted upon
“B-being an idiot.”
I hope you enjoy this one! I've been indulging myself and reading some porny Johnlock (instead of writing, I admit it) and was rather inspired. The course of true love never did run smooth, but John and Sherlock need a bit of a respite after all they've been through – especially Sherlock!
This is the state I was in when Mycroft contacted me.
Nazer checked his watch. “Fifteen minutes. You could wash.” He was always trying to get me to wash.
"Mm."
"Charming." Sherlock got in bed and wiggled around until he could spoon John.
“I can’t think about that.”
John grit his teeth. They’d been at the strip club for over two hours, spending money on drinks, tucking pound notes in the g-strings of the dancers and even buying a lap dance for Bill’s cousin. He was surrounded by sweaty, drunk, loud Alphas.
"Because you wouldn't be perseverating on it, for one. And maybe you'd actually be happy."
But he feared he was now a liability. A burden.
“Sherlock? Sherlock?” John was supporting him more fully now – when had that happened? “Thought I’d lost you for a second. If you’re up to it, we should move. Staying here... we’re too vulnerable. I don’t want him anywhere near you.” He yanked the vest Sherlock had managed to don down to meet his trousers.
"No, it's the least I could do." We looked at each other. Even after twenty-five years, I remembered what his hands felt like on my body... his mouth... "Look." Victor said. "I need to apologize for what I did to you..."
They turned off the busy street into a neighborhood. “Do you want to talk about your friend?” Shane asked.
"Someone needs to be with him until his depression lifts – I can't be there all the time."
Dr. Mahon looked contemplative. “We don’t get too many unbonded Omegas. I can’t say I’ve ever had an unbonded Omega over twenty-five. But that could be more that the unbondeds that I’ve seen were trafficked. That’s a terrible life no matter what your genders.”
"Yes. My nosy, know-it-all, big brother. I think I told you about him."
Nothing hurt that badly. Sherlock was feeling abandoned, but he was keen not to appear too needy. It was pathetic! And it put John off him.
Reassured (somewhat) Sherlock watched John wash himself, running the soap over his muscular body, sudsing his big Alpha cock and balls and rubbing the soap between his arse cheeks. He made quick work of it, cleaning himself efficiently, washing his hair and rinsing it almost before Sherlock registered he’d picked up the shampoo again. Then he was wrapping his arms around Sherlock and kissing him, humming into his mouth contentedly, kissing his jaw and the shell of his ear, rubbing his nose against Sherlock’s neck, scenting him, and licking the bond bite carefully so it would continue to heal – and to scar – properly.
While on my knees, I discovered a bit of dried mud in the carpet. It smelled earthy... and possibly a bit chemical. I put part of it in my own evidence bag then called a CSI over to bag and tag the rest and flag where it had lay. I wanted to discover the properties of this mud. Perhaps it would give us a location.
“Oh.” I  said. Not John. It had been so real, John’s hair against my face. Maybe I HAD died, briefly...
"For christ's sake!" Sherlock swore. He grabbed Shane's arm and shoved him out into the hall. "Do you want John to SEE me dragging you to his room?!"
“I’m not.” I told him.
His assault on my mouth was more frantic than rough. Sherlock’s prick isn’t as large as mine, nor as wide – it had never been difficult to take him. I’d learned to like sucking his cock – and to love giving him that pleasure – in the few idyllic months we were lovers before Sherlock jumped from the roof of St. Barts. I had missed him atrociously. I had craved his touch, dreamed of him for over two years. Having him in my mouth again was nothing but joy.
“Yes.” He said simply.
He soothed John as best as he could, holding him, petting him, kissing his shaking neck and shoulders. He didn't say 'it will be ok,' because it wouldn't. He didn't say 'everything will work out,' because Sherlock didn't know if it would, or what that even meant. All he said was, "I love you. I love you, my darling John. I love you."
John was rough – his fist was in Sherlock's hair, holding his head still for the onslaught. John was pushing himself back onto Sherlock's fingers with every thrust, then spearing Sherlock's face again and again, swearing and moaning. "Take it!" He commanded Sherlock. "Take my hard cock, come on!" He shoved his hips forward, feeding his entire length into Sherlock's throat once again and holding him there.
“Good thing I’m an Alpha.” Sherlock said stubbornly. “The office is where I’ll find information that will help us track down Moriarty.
"Did he speak to John?"
"Wait... before anything else, kiss me."
**hour or two – where?**
And that brought Mycroft back to the Alpha who saved his brother from this vicious punishment.
Dad never touched Harry. He never bought her extravagant gifts or bragged about her. He never held her on his lap or hugged her before bedtime. He never listened to Harry, never talked to her, never read her a story or even said 'hello.' If Harry talked back, it was mom's fault or John's fault and they took her punishment.
"Oh! Right." The nurse pulled two folders out of a drawer and handed them to Sherlock surreptitiously. "I hear he's doing great in O.T. and P.T. – Antoinette says he's her best patient."
"Maybe I have to go cold turkey. Quit you... quit running around after you... but when you were dead... all I wanted was to have you back. I could have settled down. But I didn't. I started seeing Shane, but all I wanted was you..."
"Bless you, John Watson!" I mumbled, swallowing four  of the pills.
“I guess. His family is posh. They’re a little frightening, really.”
“You don’t understand – I can’t be there anymore. I have to find someplace else to live.”
He took the pills but he hadn't gone to see Bob in a while. What was the point?
“It doesn’t matter if it’s me or him. Or me AND him.” Sherlock added. “The only thing that matters right now is you.”
"Fuck." John swore, arms still around me. "Mary opened them."
“Wait.” Said Sherlock. “Is it morphine?”
John felt his smile grow. He picked up the pint carton of milk and poured the right amount into his tea and stirred it. It was hot, but he sipped anyway. It was heaven.
John nodded once and moved on to the next bed. “Molly!” He cried.
"Do you want me to hunt down Sherlock before I go?"
Prison was both dangerous AND dull.
Sherlock nodded and retreated to the kitchen. He’d drunk his tea and then threatened Mrs. Hudson with violent expulsion if she didn’t leave him alone.
“Right, erm, ta.”
It was full dark, John waited for his eyes to adjust, to be able to pick out the shapes of the windows and the bed... but there was nothing.
Not that he expected sleep to come easily. He replayed the meeting with John in his head. All he had had to do was bow his head – look out the window even – instead of sitting there staring, and John wouldn't have recognized him. The meeting wasn't how he'd envisioned it. The therapist had warned him that John would be angry with him, but Sherlock had still thought John would be as happy to see Sherlock as Sherlock was to see him. He'd thought John might be SO happy to see him alive that he would grab hold of Sherlock and hug him tightly – Sherlock had spent quite a bit of time imagining this embrace and what it might lead too...
Dusette was already pulling her phone out. "Yes, I can see Dr. Watson does not feel his best. I call my people – they will take him for care."
“What are you doing!?” The Alpha cried frantically, holding up his hands in a warding-off gesture. “You understand, you aren’t safe with me.” His eyes, Sherlock noted, were a dark, stormy blue and though short, his compact form was strong and well-made.
Setting down the chart, Sherlock peeled back the blanket and touched the man's wrist – he was cold. Further prodding made it clear he was in full rigor. The body was dressed in a suit of striped flannel pajamas. He leaned in and sniffed the body – the face, the chest – there was no unexpected odor.
John sighed and showed him the story on his phone. "I haven't read it yet. It just... I don't know how they can print this crap." John was getting angry now.
“Yes. Certainly.” Sherlock stood up. “Will you be ok…?”
“If you’d let me see the scene
I heard Sherlock on the stairs. He stood outside my door for long minutes. But he didn't knock. Eventually he retreated downstairs. I laid tensely on my bed and listened to him pace.
“It’s OK.” Shane whispered in his ear, nuzzling his neck.
I wanted John as much as ever. The better I felt, the more distracting his presence – I couldn't stop thinking about how he'd touched me... how I wanted him to touch me...
"Who knows – he's been pretty loopy since. He's concussed, I'm sure."
Hi. Revised the previous chapter slightly. FYI.
“I’m amazed that
“Sherlock!” I shouted. “Sherlock!” I opened his coat and found him huddled in on himself, arms crossed against his chest, head tucked down, using his sodden coat as a blanket, trying to preserve his precious body heat.
Mummy sighed. Her mother had trained her – and she had trained Mycroft – to consider every asset, no matter how insignificant it seemed. Watson certainly
“Is it? I don’t even know.” John made a furious gesture. "I saw him jump, I saw his body on the pavement – I touched him, there was no pulse! I'm a DOCTOR for chrissakes, he was dead!" He hung his head again. "I'm a bloody fool."
“Mary, I’m the last person he’ll want to see.” Going alone into Moran’s flat with Mary and dead-eyed Cam didn’t sound like a particularly intelligent thing to do.
“Sit here, John.” Greg murmured, pushing me into a chair. “I’ll talk to Molly – or someone. Are you up to doing the formal identification.”
"God, you're so gorgeous!" John said, and I believed him. "I love seeing you like this, Sherlock."
I scoffed. He HAD to know why I was hurt.
“Mike.” He said. “Put the guns down on the bar carefully.” John’s guy got wiggly so he had to shove him against the wall again and punch him a few more times. Another man stepped up to help, putting his hand on the back of the man's neck and throwing his weight against him. “Let’s get him down on the floor.” John said. He twisted the thief’s arm savagely and he and his helper got him down with a minimum of fuss.
"You smell good." John said. "Did you...?"
Sherlock strode down the hall towards the commotion.
“That was weeks ago! Besides, I don’t need Mycroft’s permission.”
"What, now?"
“I’ve given you everything you have – everything you’ve ever bloody wanted, you bloody got – you ungrateful, spoiled breeder! Everything!”
Shane frowned. "Is that a good idea? Being here alone?"
Sherlock complied. It felt incredibly good to hold this man that he loved so much.
“John, I need you to come by at some point, I need your signature on some financial documents.”
John pulled back the curtain and looked around for someone who worked there. "Hey!" He called. "I need help."
Mycroft smirked. “I bet you say that to all the boys.”
“Right.”
"Oh it is, sir, remarkable – but it ain't a story, it's true."
“I’ve brought you something.” Mycroft answered. “Something you want.”
I opened his trousers and tugged. His prick popped out of his pants and I had it in my mouth.
John had been covering Victor, just in case. He made a concerned noise and both he and Victor moved to help me up.
“When can I speak to the doctor?”
"Steady on." I muttered. If it was Mary, it wouldn't do to give the game away now.
He looked lonely.
“Right. What did you find out last night?”
He ought to check on Sherlock. His wound should be sutured by now. Sherlock might even be admitted overnight to monitor the concussion.
"But you can. You've just demonstrated that."
"Did Sherlock have anything to do with what happened to you?" This was the first time Lestrade had referred to John's injury.
Lestrade opened his door and slid out, Mycroft following. He led the way to his front door as the sedan pulled away, felt for his keys and unlocked it. He held the door open for Mycroft.
"That's bollocks! Ok, I wasn't thrilled Dad remarried, but I was never going to be happy about that no matter WHO he chose. His sexuality had nothing to do with it."
“It’s not… I’m not… you don’t understand!” Sherlock wailed.
“Lunch.” He groaned, stretching his back.
Maybe Sherlock would be sitting next to him on the couch right now.
Mycroft raised his eyebrows in surprise. “You’ve always cared about his feelings before...” He studied me carefully. “You still do... but you’re ashamed. Sherlock, John knows they forced the drugs on you. He knows you didn’t want them.”
He smiled at me – not for the first time, I felt bewildered that this amazing person loved ME. John could so easily find someone better than the skinny, irritating, arrogant detective who had left him alone for the last year.
I woke with a sleep hangover, my head heavy and my mouth full of cotton wool.
Lestrade moaned woozily. “...ooohhh... My... My...”
Sherlock had said Moriarty – of course Moriarty. John even felt a little proud that Sherlock had outsmarted the villain after all. And if he were really honest, he could see how his own reaction had sold the lie. He could have forgiven that if Sherlock had come to him sooner – right after the funeral at the latest. It had been a hellish nightmare of a week, but John's joy would have been boundless!
“It wasn’t. I was desperate and in trouble and John helped me – not expecting to get anything out of it. He doesn’t have money or glamour, but I asked him to bond with me anyway.”
Lestrade stood in the doorway to the en suite loo. Sherlock approached and tasted his true scent: a rich, warm treacle. It was attractive and robust and it suited Lestrade so much better than the generic vanilla of a Beta.
“Sherlock.” John called, but the Omega was already looking up, surveying the new arrivals. “Sherlock, this is one of my professors, Dr. Mahon, her bondmate Virginia Hooper and their daughter, erm, Molly. This is my bondmate, Sherlock Holmes.”
“What time is it?” Sherlock demanded.
. You smell like an Alpha.”
“Just in time.” Sherlock snapped. “I have to go get John. He’s been at the clinic far too long.”
Selwyn scoffed. "He did that every other week. He didn't mean it."
“Whatever you say, dear.”
Then she'd started to cry, still clinging to me, her arms around my neck, her breasts pressed against my chest. "Why are you being so mean, John? That's not you!"
“My plane leaves soon.” Sherlock said regretfully. “Yours too.”
John lay limp with post-orgasmic languor. I vaguely regretted sucking him off – he wouldn't be able to fuck me now. Not that I cared over much – John had already far surpassed my every expectation. I could happily take care of myself while he watched. Or even after he left, if he preferred.
He examined himself in the mirror. The bruises were starting to fade, the abrasions had almost healed. The alarming blackness from the subcutaneous bleed stretched from groin to knee, but all swelling and tenderness was gone. John was starting to feel more normal, the physical trauma of the torture and the surgery slowly fading.
Sherlock nodded grimly and they began attempting to shove the skip under the fire escape. It was heavy and the noise it made scraping over the pavement was deafening. They didn’t have much time! Lestrade put his back into it, using his legs — he’d been a bit of an athlete back in the day, and he hadn’t gone completely to pot.
When I think back about that time – and I do think about it relentlessly, trying to pinpoint what I missed, what I should have done differently – when I think back, the day Moriarty was acquitted is the first thing that comes to mind.
“Mycroft...” I said helplessly. How could I express the desperation I felt? “I can’t... I don’t want him to know what happened in the prison...”
She nodded. “It was in The Sun, I figured half if it was made up and the other half hyperbole.”
Sherlock never cringed! Not as a child, and certainly not after he’d presented and Alphas started bothering him. Sherlock never backed down! Sherlock attacked, verbally, physically, strategically, playing one Alpha off another.
“They showed me you... leaving the flat, walking down Baker Street... and...” Here my voice did break. I put my hand to my face and found it was wet, tears falling freely past my ears. “And you fell, suddenly, to the ground. You’d been shot – and somehow I knew the sniper had done it, the one we were looking for before I left. You didn’t... you didn’t move... blood pooled around you... someone ran over and started shouting for the police, for an Ambulance...”
The other suspects… no one was standing out. Sherlock wanted to talk it through with John again, that often jump started his brain. Although it hadn’t thus far… what was the motive? Why had the killer chosen THESE patients? Sherlock had managed to comb through the morgue records, these were the only two suspicious deaths, the only two to die of GBH poisoning who hadn’t come into the A&E with it.
"I don't know. The GBH is out of his system by now, but the concussion complicates things." John said. "Thank you for coming. I can't leave him alone here again."
It had taken all morning for John to get his release from hospital and even longer to actually get out of the building. Angus had insisted on taking him to the door in a wheelchair, which was ridiculous, but at least he got a few minutes with the burly nurse.
“Oui. Yes.” She focused on Shane. “You did well.” Dusette said to him. “We’re leaving now, you must stand up.” Sherlock tugged on his arm and he stood, noticing that Dusette was cradling one of her wrists.
“Yes, John!” Sherlock stared up at me, our eyes locked. I was starting to sweat with the effort and our bodies slid together. I felt his prick between us and reached a hand down, jacked him as I fucked him. Watching his face was beautiful, seeing the play of pleasure, of emotion, on his features. His eyes were dark with arousal, his lips parted, and I saw it, I saw the exact moment he gave in to me, trusted that I could keep him safe. That he could let go, because I had him. His orgasm began, washing over him, through him. I felt it in his body, the tightening, the shuddering wracking his entire being. His prick jumped in my hand and his seed wet my fingers, wet our bodies as I continued to move. “John! Yesss... John...” He cried.
“Chemical toilet in the next room?”
John blushed a little. And they walked in silence.
“Maybe.” I said. “But calling 999 would likely be more helpful.”
“Your chin is beautiful.” I said, kissing the small cleft that resided there. “And your jaw...” I nibbled his stubbled flesh. “I love this cowlick.” I bussed my lips over the crown of his head where his hair spiraled outward. “And this cowlick...” I touched my lips at his hairline and John made a small sound of complaint under his breath – I knew he fought that cowlick daily, that he hated it. But I loved it, I loved how it disrupted his fringe, made it impossible for him to brush his hair to the left. “This cowlick is perfect.” I told him.
That, John realized, might do more to drive them away than his new handicap. He felt tears welling again and closed his eyes.
"You didn't talk about it?"
“Oh!… erm…”
Sherlock thought about the flop house near the colony in Barking, the one he'd carefully avoided in the weeks John hadn't been speaking to him. It wasn't a house, per se, but any number of addicts and junkies shared the abandoned office block. He could go there, fall back into the embrace of heroin.
“Good work, brother mine.” Mycroft said sarcastically. “You’ve ruined everything.”
And I was here to help.
"I had to." Sherlock said simply.
Sherlock found his mother in the library. The room with its blue baize and walls covered with so many books brought back a complicated stew of memory – both resentment of his mother and fascination with the depth and breadth of knowledge contained within, knowledge he’d always craved. He’d spent many hours in this room with Mycroft, both of them reading avidly – Sherlock reading books Mycroft had chosen for him as he read books chosen by Mummy.
"Erm, no... why?"
He knew he lacked empathy. He'd always found it difficult to understand other people's problems and impossible to care. But he'd never loved anyone before.... maybe he could learn. His own short sojourn in hospital had left him sexless. He was wrung out, his body aching, his recently catheterized cock just another bit of flesh that hurt...
He sat down next to John and Sherlock's despair overwhelmed him. He bowed his head, trying to regain some semblance of composure.
"Did he ever mention any friends?"
John asked him what he wanted to do, where he wanted to stay during the next few weeks that they would have to be together. He told Sherlock what was important to him – finishing medical school and his RAMC training – but he put no strictures on Sherlock. Sherlock was free to go with John or not, as he chose! If Sherlock decided he never wanted to see John again, John would respect that, no matter how much of a strain it was physically.
“James. You’re an adult now. You should call me James.”
John had thought for a moment. "No." He had admitted. "He wants me to – he hopes I will. But he's never asked it of me. Not even obliquely."
I waited for my opponent to come at me again.
I grabbed my coat from the second floor and started down the stairs.
"You're not a bad person!" John protested. "I appreciate what you're trying to do... but I don't see how it could possibly work. Even if... even if I thought I could handle it... you don't know Sherlock. He's... selfish..."
The copper brought four beers to the table and stood on Sherlock's other side, putting another wall between him and the raging hormones. Sherlock felt embarrassingly grateful.
“No John,” Sherlock pleaded.
This time he wasn’t going to rely on anyone anymore. No one would believe him about the future. No one would listen to the truth. Fine! Then he wasn’t going try to force them. He wasn’t going to depend on anyone else. Nobody could be counted on. Nobody.
“Find her? What about the seed?” asked Greg.
“Good. Remember those words and think about the people and your life. How much you want to protect them,” Sherlock said as he turned away leaving John alone in the hallway dumbstruck.
Sherlock only nodded, well he thought he nodded. There was a moment of silence as the sky was debating whether it wanted to continue raining after the storm Magnussen brought.
“What do you think I’m doing? What are you doing?! You let the familiar get away so that it could go kill more people!” seethed Greg.
Looking around he tried to see who it was calling out but it didn’t seem like it was from anyone inside the shop. Heading outside he passed Greg who immediately noticed the concerned look on his face.
John was wrong. What followed next was something he could hardly describe, it was if they were in a nightmarishly brightly colored world filled with flowers that were moving on their own will and they were closing in on them. John held on tighter to the creature as he and Greg were back to back.
“Let me, I know!”
“Do you want to help him?” it asked.John looked at the animal then quickly back at the boy who despite the great length between them, he knew he was looking back at him. He could see that the dark curly haired boy was trying to scream something but he couldn’t hear it. “All you have to do is make a wish.”
“As ready as we’ll ever be,” John answered.
“I did the only thing I could do, I killed the witch. I wasn’t going to die not because I wasn’t fighting back. But what I saw couldn’t be denied. So I killed him.”
Sliding into his seat before his first class begun he gave a sigh of relief still able to make it on time. Greg turned from his seat in front of him, to face him.
Sherlock took another step, his eyes filled with anger.
Greg raced forward, giving himself extra speed and strength that even the witch’s arms could not hold him back. He began to ferociously hack at the core of the witch, still laughing.
“Then you want to try and stop it don’t you? That’s why with Irene and me, you want to try to help other people! I’m trying to understand you Sherlock but you act cold everyone. I think it’s just to shield yourself from something else. Maybe it’s from the pain of seeing others die. But I don’t for one second think that you don’t actually care.”
Greg knew it was right. If he made a wish right now no one would be put into danger. Still he shook his head.
“I understand more or less why you told me all of this but why did you take me all the way out here?”
“I bet the others are only going to care about grief seeds.”
Sebastian had quickly recovered from his initial shock turning around to see the interloper. Seeing the Magical Boy in purple, he began to grasp the situation. Looking past Sherlock he could see Greg beginning to heal from his high impact point blank shots. The healing ability certainly was useful but it probably still took up quite a bit of magic after using it so much in such a short time. Sebastian had used the fight to test exactly what kind of person Greg was and unfortunately he was exactly the wrong kind of person to be a contractor. He had planned to kill Greg but now he was much more interested in the irregularity. He couldn’t sense Sherlock at all, not only was he able to move Greg without him noticing but he did it fast enough so he wouldn’t get shot.
“Do you care?” asked Sherlock.
How could he continue on?
John was thankful that Irene didn’t make any jokes and took the situation seriously and by the time they got back the egg still hadn’t hatched much to his relief. Irene was following Kyubey’s instruction as they were making their way past all the strange tents, trying not to cause a fuss in case it pushed the egg to hatch.
“I’m about to prove you wrong and show you how a real contractor acts.”
“You wanted to talk to me about something?” inquired Sherlock who didn’t seem to care in the slightest about what the waiter thought.
“What the hell is going on?!” yelled John.
“Well it’s really hard to describe. It was like could feel something reach right into my chest and pull out my heart. It was really painful, not going to lie to you about that. But then right in front of me was this little glowing light and Kyubey told me to reach out and accept it. Once I did it kind of solidified within my hands and now I have this.”
“Well when I did it, I didn’t have much of a choice. I was in a bad situation and Kyubey here came along and essentially saved my life.”
“I said what the hell is going on?!!” repeated John this time standing up and grabbing Sherlock.
“So you would never do anything to jeopardize this life you have or them?”
Slowly but surely the weeks building up to Magnussen Sherlock became better at combat. He could feel it, this time with his help he would make sure that John Watson wouldn’t have to sacrifice himself to defeat Magnussen and up to a point he was right.
“No!” John was shocked at Sherlock’s emotional outburst as he looked up at him.
John was smiling. Sherlock actually cam! He was looking at him but the overwhelmed relieved sensation John had was beginning to ebb when he saw how angry he was. Sherlock turned to face Sebastian.
Because he was a freak.
“I understand what it means for me to come along,” answered John.
“So very touchy too, didn’t sleep well last night?”
“Shit what are we going to do?!”
“Definitely more than the average person.”
Head the character death tag. Also I decided to raise the rating because of future violence and death and thought better be safe than sorry.
“You need to leave,” ordered Sebastian. “Now.”
Sherlock stood up straighter and John knew that this was going to be an argument that was going to be pointless. As Jim and Moriarty were arguing Sebastian looked over to John.
Sebastian then went his own way, jumping from one wall to the next til he was on the roof of a building and then disappeared from sight. “
“What’s the matter?”
The more and more John learned about witches, the deeper the need he felt to get rid of them. They first went along some bridges and eventually went to one of the older hospitals. It was near one of the empty abandoned wings, that Irene’s soul gem began to glow. Irene explained that the gem was indicating the residual magic from a witch. Following the lead they kept on going around the building until he noticed that at the top of the adjoined building there was a woman standing on the ledge. John tried calling out to her, to make her stop but the woman was unresponsive and stepped off the ledge. John began to run despite knowing he couldn’t reach the woman in time.
It had to be the jam he ate before bed that was giving him these strange dreams. As he turned over to look at his clock he saw Kyubey sitting on his night stand. Being completely shocked he leapt out of bed, falling to the floor making a loud thump. Harry only looked down at him and asked if he was alright. John looked at Harry and then back at Kyubey, she didn’t notice him at all.
“I’m Sherlock Holmes, we have a lot of classes together,” he introduced himself becoming angry that he couldn’t think of a better opening line because he had to remember that he hadn’t met John before.
Tearing off a piece of the whip her eyes glowed the same as her gem a she threw it to the witch after narrowly escaping a blow from its giant claw. The strip moved quickly, continuously cutting at it until was as fast as quicksilver. Irene moved around the rabbit, jumping from one side to the next while waving her whip around as it continued to lengthen. The whip completely wrapped around the witch and as it struggled to escape Irene yanked at the whip magically separating the majority of the length from the handle of the whip. The rope that surrounded the witch glowed brightly and then exploded. John and Greg had to shield their eyes from the brightness of it and the whole labyrinth began to fade away. The witch was destroyed.
John had no idea how to use a sword but nodded thankfully to Irene as he gripped the hilt tightly. As they passed through the doorway of the labyrinth the world transformed into the familiar nightmarish world they were in before but this time instead of flower monsters attacking them it was one giant demented looking rabbit.
“What?”
“I didn’t know you guys had gotten so close that you can just read each other’s facial expressions. Fine, if you want to be this way I don’t have to stand here and be excluded, I’ll go talk to Tom.”
“No we used them all.”
“I’m sorry I-“
John had barely missed the bus and was now forced to walk the majority of the way home. Cursing himself for not having enough money for a cab, he saw something peculiar. It was Mike from school, walking across the street and John knew for a fact that Mike didn’t live anywhere near here.
Sherlock lurched out of bed, breathing heavy and looked at his surroundings. He was back in his apartment and there were boxes that held some of his clothes that needed to be put away. That’s strange he was fully situated already, why are there still boxes? Looking at his wall to his calendar he saw that it was only the second. He just moved into his new flat? Was everything a strange awful dream? Just as he was beginning to doubt himself he felt something hard in hand. Looking down he saw that in his hand was his own soul gem.
“Why of course. Most people would jump at the chance of having their most desired wish granted but perhaps it is for the best if you don’t decide now. How about you tag along on a witch hunt with Irene tomorrow. You can see what it means to carry out your duties as magical boys,” said Kyubey.
“It didn’t exactly work out.” With the expression that John had, Greg decided that it would be better if he didn’t ask anything else about it.
“The doctors say there’s absolutely nothing left that they could do for him. All that can be done is to try to make him as comfortable as he can be before… you know."
“You wanted to help people!-
Then everything went horribly wrong.
Arriving at school he could see Greg up ahead walking into the building.
Greg was stunned. He had no idea that Tom liked Molly or the fact that Molly liked Tom but it did make sense the more he thought about it. Tom was a nice guy. A nice perfectly normal guy. Who could give Molly a future.
“The universe is in the process of rewriting itself and because of your time traveling you can also bear witness to it,” said the disembodied voice of Kyubey.
“So what happened, you killed Moriarty and then just started doing the magical boy gig full time?”
“And how do you know that?”
“It’s best if it’s this way. A little prick like you couldn’t survive as a contractor,” said Sebastian with a grin as he materialized his signature musket.
Greg’s attention was diverted temporarily to John after the barrier burst apart when Sebastian was stunned. He could tell his leg were broken and that his skull was crack. He could feel blood trickle from his down his forehead. Smacking his hand against the ground he sent a powerful surge of magic to break through the floor of the labyrinth’s core room.
“Well it is what I agreed to when I made a contract.”
, I didn’t expect you to have that sort of attitude. You’re someone who I thought would be excited for a challenge.”
Please leave kudos or a comment!
Greg couldn’t move from his spot as he watch Tom walk away. It wasn’t until John came to check on him did he finally react. As John walked up to his friend he could see that he was tearing up.
“Didn’t you hear that?”
Sebastian began to watch too and his annoyance at Lestrade began to rise.
“That guy is really starting to bother me,” said Greg disdainfully.
“Someone like you is more suited to being a contractor. Lestrade is not.”
“Really?” John couldn’t imagine not speaking to his parents or Harry. Sure they’ve had their rough patches but what family doesn’t? “I guess it makes it easier on you then. Still they must miss you.”
“Not out there! The news said it was the worst storm that’s probably ever hit London. You’re my little brother it’s my job to take care of you!”
Irene laughed shaking her head in disbelief.
“Why are you here?” asked John.
“I can’t. I know it’s selfish to say no now but just thinking about how she died and that no one will ever know what actually happened. It makes it so hard to even breathe.”
“I’m not here to guilt trip you,” said Sebastian. “Well what are you here for then?”
“I don’t think I can eat food you stole.”
John took a step back, confused at the random questions.
“I just couldn’t go to school. I don’t know how I feel anymore after learning I’m no longer human. What am I supposed to do with that information?” he angrily replied but seeing John’s expression he tried to calm himself and not take it out on his best friend.
Then blinding flashes of light shot at it and in front of him appeared John. Sherlock was speechless for only a moment when another person appeared before him wearing a small skirt and a racy top.
“Thanks for the vote of confidence.”
“I’m grateful that you saved Kyubey. It was brave of you but I can tell,” she said looking directly at John, “that you like a little danger.”
“JOHN WHATEVER IT SAYS, DON’T LISTEN TO IT!! JOOOHN!” he shouted in vain.
“Alright class,” their teacher Mrs. Hudson began, calling the attention of all the students, “Everyone can continue their conversations later but right now I have a special announcement. A new student is joining our class and I know it’s a bit strange for him to come so late in the semester but I hope everyone of you will make him feel welcomed.”
Greg after some time came out and John wondered if he should’ve just gotten lunch on his own. Greg did apologize saying that it almost slipped his mind and that they were still going to have a good day together.
Greg began pacing around the egg gripping his hair in panic.
“Did you come here to check on your precious princess?”
“We’re all being lied to!” was the first thing Sherlock said as he woke up in his apartment again.
“I’m sorry. I am really grateful that you, you know, saved our lives but who are you?” asked John.
Sherlock’s eyes widened and he understood what John was asking. Nodding his head Sherlock’s own tears began to show. Taking out one of the stolen guns Sherlock pressed the muzzle against the John’s soul gem and pulled the trigger. He let out a tortured cry and the tears couldn’t be stopped, not even when he woke up again.
“Oh I see, well I’m sorry to spoil your day but I’ll take care of this witch and,” she held her soul gem tightly and Sherlock was just a bit too slow to stop her before he was completely tied up and suspended in the air with a magical rope,”I’ll deal with you afterward.”
“Leave that creature,” said Sherlock.
“Greg is…” started John unable to finish his sentence.
“Why did you tell John that there was a way to save Lestrade?”
“You wanted to use your powers for good!-
“Why are you so certain it would turn into a fight?”
“I’ve been calling you for the last ten minutes and you wouldn’t wake up. What else was I supposed to do?”
Sherlock had already left the room and John only hesitated for moment before following him out the door. He found that the new boy was walking at a quick pace ahead of him and didn’t seem to actually need John to get around the school.
This was originally called "Greg begins to spiral into depression, please stahp"
Shaking John’s hand off he once again walked away. It really was becoming an annoying habit.
Sebastian merely smirked and started making his way towards John before he heard some rustling behind him that made him stop.
“Are you going to find witches?” John asked nervously.
“What… Why? Why is this happening? This can’t be how it ends!” Sherlock shouted in anguish. But there was no denying it. Even as he began to shake John’s lifeless body. John had turned into a witch. Then just like always Kyubey showed up just to push things forward and confirm what was already too late to avoid.
Inside the witch’s labyrinth John watched in fear as he saw Greg half-hazardly attack the witch. This time it appeared as some sort of multi-armed regenerating creature with multiple masks for each of its heads. John watched from a distance but something hurt inside each time another arm closed in around Greg, thrashing him around until he broke free cutting it off.
The boy was losing.
“Well I guess there’s no keeping this secret now, but you got to keep it from the others okay?” asked John with a small smile.
“Have you decided what you’re going to wish for?” asked Greg.
“Not at all. I’m actually really happy that you want to come with me. Just having you by my side makes me feel even more confidant.”
Holding her gem outwards in her hand, Irene was once again consumed by light changing into her other outfit. Irene asked them to pick up some of the old metal rods around them. After they chose their poles Irene used her magic to transform them into swords.
“Oh John why would you throw your friend away?” asked Kyubey.
The witch that had come out of John’s soul gem was currently carving a path of destruction and Sherlock only sat on the ground of the destroyed London. Still there stood Kyubey next to him again, after John Watson once again sacrificed himself.
“It’s probably just a familiar you found and not a witch,” said Kyubey.
Sherlock was slammed against the building temporarily dazed and in a lot of pain. That’s when he saw in the distance Kyubey watching and next to him was John Watson.
“I know what you mean. I keep my girl dumb and dependent on me. Like she can’t even leave without my say so or else I just know she’ll fuck up and she knows it too. You know Steve is really good at using and dropping hoes. He knows how to handle them. You should go talk to him,” said the second guy.
John was helpless as he watched Greg continue trying to get close to Sebastian and continuously shot at different point in his body. If it wasn’t for the ability to recover so fast, the match would have been over with the first shot. But John got the sense that Sebastian enjoyed torturing Greg with each subsequent bullet. For Greg though his skills were improving with each shot he took and he was becoming more creative with how he used his magic in his attempts to get close to Sebastian. Greg eventually began to understand that the magic bullet was like a missile that knew when they missed their target but if they somehow hit something else they would move no further. Thus Greg began to use his blades in an attempt to deflect every bullet that came after him. This was much easier said than done.
John woke up back in the basement of his house. Harry was with him looking very concerned and his mother wasn’t there. Slowly rising, he looked around and gently laid a hand on his head because of the massive headache he was feeling.
“What do you think you’re doing? A familiar has to eat for of five people before it becomes a witch and then you can collect a grief seed. Don’t kill it before you can reap the rewards.”
Why wasn’t he enough?
“This witch, don’t fight it.”
“Wait you’re a-“
“How is your father doing today?”
Please leave Kudos or a comment if you like what I'm writing, it really does make my day a whole lot better seeing that.
“Well, why are you making this wish? Do you want to do something for someone out of the kindness of your heart or,” she continued with her deep gaze set on Greg, “do you expect something in return? Is it undying gratitude or eternal servitude that you want?” Greg was stunned by the question and was left speechless. Irene began to walk away. “I think it’s way past your bed time. After all there’s school in the morning.”
“I’m going. I have to try, that’s why I became a contractor to save people. Now I’m the only one left,” replied John who already looked weary from the battle.
“I will never allow that to happen.”
He could see it now, John would make a wish with Kyubey and he would have to do it all over again, just to fail again. And if Kyubey was right about why things only kept getting worse, then it was his fault. He was only inflicting more misery on the person he cared for most in the world. It was all his fault.
He thought it would be a good thing to get his friend out of the house.
“That was Greg,” answered Sebastian.
“Do you mean it?” John gave an angry huff but he could tell that Sherlock was being sincere in his questions. The thing was that he didn’t know why he was being asked all these questions. “Of course I mean it, I wouldn’t allow anything to hurt my family or friends if I couldn’t stop it. Now what is going on?”
“Yes!”
John couldn’t think of anything worth this crazy lifestyle but the strange glint he could see in Greg’s eyes unnerved him.
“Well it looks like you’re the one who’s stupid. I took this over after Irene.”
“Well you could help him out by making a contract with me. Then neither Sebastian nor Sherlock could hurt him and he would have an ally.”
“What of it? You’re just in it for the grief seeds and power.”
Greg had left Molly with her family not wanting to intrude too much on their happiness. He was happy to see Mr. Hooper in such good spirits and the relief was visible on Mrs. Hooper’s face. Greg said his goodbye’s and had gone his way, meeting up with Kyubey outside. Seeing the whole family together and smiling, knowing that there was a bright future for them made Greg know that there was just no way he would ever regret his decision.
“That’s very nice and al but can you please explain what the hell is going on?” asked Greg who was as frustrated as John.
“Hello I’m John Watson, it’s nice to meet you,” he said extending his hand as he smiled.
Greg was at the hospital with Molly again. She had tried to tell him that he really didn’t need to wait for her but Greg insisted that he was happy to. He understood that she wanted to spend as much time with her father as possible, now more than ever. When they were leaving together he could tell that she was trying so hard not to cry.
“Were going to this show on the solar system, there’s supposed to be some professor or something that’s going to talk about some radical new cosmic theory. I don’t really know what it’s about but Jim really wants to go.”
He didn’t think Greg would survive much longer if he kept fighting this way.
They all nodded in agreement.
“Sorry for the late entrance but at least I’m not too late right?” he said with a grin.
“You really are too kind.” Sherlock drew away from John’s grasp. “Remember this, sometimes kindness leads to greater tragedy. It’s late now. You should go home, I’m sure your family is wondering where you’ve been.”
Or at least Sherlock made it appear so.
“Exactly. After that the city is yours.”
“What are you wearing?” asked Sherlock instead of answering. John looked down at his outfit and laughed.
“What on earth are you talking about Sherlock? I can’t just forget Greg.”
The subject of Sherlock’s weird questions was officially dropped. After they finished eating, Greg and John had plans to go to a music shop while Molly needed to leave them to go home. Greg wanted to wait with here at the bus stop but she insisted that she didn’t want them to wait around on her behalf. The whole time John felt like the awkward third wheel. He wondered when Greg would finally gain the confidence to tell Molly how he really felt.
Sherlock was in his apartment with Kyubey. He had given up destroying him, at least in this timeline. It might make him feel better though to have target practice with him. He thought better of is as it would be wasted bullets and energy and now he had to concentrate on Magnussen, alone. Sebastian’s suicide had thwarted Sherlock’s plan. He was so sure that this time he could defeat Magnussen with his help but instead he had to get rid of the empty vessel left behind.
“Cutting it close today?” his best friend said with a grin.
“I was trying to extend the olive branch but I’m honestly not surprised. It can be pretty stiff competition trying to get grief seeds and that’s what some people only care about,” commented Irene wistfully.
“So what do you want? I highly doubt you’ll give me the city just by leaving that boy along.”
Taken aback John hesitated in picking it up.
He looked around and there was John, who was partially formless and filled with stars. Or maybe it was that he could see stars through him.
Just as John was about to say the words and Sebastian about to pull the trigger, John heard that familiar voice again.
“I can only stop and reverse and when I reverse time I have to go back to the start of the month. It’s an all or nothing kind of deal.”
John couldn’t believe the nonsense spilling from his lips and with a quick word of apology, he sucker punched Mike making him collapse onto the ground. Finally free, he ran grabbing the lighter from the man and throwing it out of one of the broken windows. All of the people in the warehouse became angry, robbed of their death they started for him. John knowing there was no way he could break through the angry mob to the outside ran to the only other door in the building which was a supply closet.
Sebastian began laughing but it was hollow.
Their faces were inches apart.
Sherlock had tried everything and still, STILL it wasn’t enough! Sherlock had acquired an arsenal this time for his attack against Magnussen. He had acquired rocket launchers, bombs, semi-automatic weapons and even a missile all in the hope that they would bring down Magnussen. But if they caused any serious damage, he couldn’t tell.
“It doesn’t think it’s done anything wrong. Kyubey doesn’t understand human intricacies like you or me. The way it sees it, there was an equal trade. Molly’s father would never have gotten better and in exchange for a miracle, Greg traded his soul. Some would say that such a miracle is worth more than a human life.”
“Those who make contracts aren’t heroes, John. We fight for the sake of our wishes and if we die in a labyrinth where no one will ever find us then that’s just how it goes. Dying and being forgotten is a fate all contractors can look forward to.”
The boy cried out-
“What are you doing! Irene, Stop!” pleaded John as he watched Irene bind Sherlock getting ready to destroy his soul gem too.
“Before you ask me to talk with your boyfriend, I need to tell you I’m not the best person for the job.”
He felt a deep pain coming from within him, as if his heart was being ripped out of his chest. But then he saw it. A glowing purple light in front of him that he reached for and held tight within his hand. The world faded away.
Walking outside he went up to Sebastian who was leaning against a building, holding a plastic bag and for once he didn’t look like he was going to kill anybody. In the short instances he had spent with Sebastian he always felt a sharp vibe from him. His eyes were constantly assessing everything around him and the aura he gave off was predatorial. He really was a hunter.
“I’m not done with you yet,” Greg said in between shallow breaths as he rose picking up his sword.
“Sentiment. It’s a weakness in this life and can only get you killed.”
“So does yours also have the ego that could fill a football stadium?”
Sebastian stared at John like he was an idiot.
Sherlock didn’t know how he felt about John Watson. He never met anyone like him before. John seemed to like him for just being… himself. Actually John seemed to really be amazed at all of the deductions when usually he would be told to ‘piss off’. Also John was slowly integrating him with his other group of friends, namely Molly Hooper and Greg Lestrade. Greg also didn’t seem to mind Sherlock but he didn’t take the deductions half as well, especially when he had to apologize to other people. Sherlock also knew that Lestrade was hopelessly in love with Molly who liked another boy named Tom. This wasn’t as obvious to other people and John told him not to tell anyone about it because it would make things awkward and it wasn’t the right time. Whatever that means.
Greg was waiting in the hallway of the hospital. He could see through the door of the room across from him Molly was still talking to her father. She was smiling and occasionally laughing but he could tell that deep inside she wanted to cry. Sometimes when Greg accompanied her to the hospital he would go in with her and talk to Mr. Hooper himself but today he was simply waiting for Molly. These were the days when he was just moral support for her and waited while Molly and her family spent some personal time together. She tried to visit as often as possible but her father insisted that she stay focused on school and that she should try to have as much of a normal life as possible. That’s the reason Greg suspected he was allowed to come with her so often and as long as it was actually helping he wanted to try and support her in every way he could.
“This goes like all stories that have contractors go. Jim didn’t like people bowing to him because of my wish. He wanted to be recognized on his own merit or hold those in contempt that couldn’t see it because they were too simple. Jim began to spiral down into despair and I could do nothing to stop him. Then one day when one of his black moods hit it finally happened. He turned into a witch right in front of my eyes.”
It was still raining. Three days later and it was still raining. John hadn’t left his room since Greg became a witch. Now he knew it all. The truth behind being a magical boy and what it meant to actually make a wish. So Sherlock in the end was right and he had tried so hard not to listen to him before. If he hadn’t been so bloody vague about it all then maybe he could’ve saved Greg. Maybe if Sherlock acted normal and told them the truth none of this would’ve happened. But even as he thought that he knew it wasn’t fair to blame everything on Sherlock. Greg did make his own decisions but he did it without knowing all of the facts but what Sherlock said was true. Molly’s father would never have gotten better if not for Greg’s wish. Still who was he to decide that Greg’s life was more important than Mr. Hooper’s?
“Yes. Are you sure that no matter what it is, it will be granted?”
All of this should never have happened.
“But I have to do this.”
“Are you going to destroy this body again? You know you can’t kill me and you’re really just making me use my spares needlessly. I thought you had more sense than that.”
“No Irene’s fate was final, nothing you could’ve done would change it.”
And just like that Sherlock once again walked away. John felt that even though they were able to have an actual conversation for once, Sherlock would always keep parts of himself closed off.
“I’m going to tell you why I made a contract.”
could pay for the ride but he wasn’t sure that he actually paid for it. “Did you use magic on him?” inquired John who was standing in the field.
“Why, I’m looking out for myself of course.”
“There’s nothing left to say!” seethed Greg who tried to take a step but nearly fell to the ground if not for John.
Irene landed on the ground with satisfaction after slaying another witch. This time they tracked it down to a park. Picking up the grief seed that was left behind she triumphantly walked towards John and Greg who had accompanied her on the hunt.
He shot his own soul gem just as Sherlock reached out towards him. Sebastian’s body immediately went limp and he changed back into his civilian clothes.
“This is a grief seed and it’s the most important thing about witch hunting. It’s the reward you get when you defeat a witch. Just watch.” She held the seed to her gem and the cloudiness that was there before was instantly cleared. “It restores the magic that you use.” She then turned around and threw it at Sherlock who was standing in the shadows. “It should be good for one more use.”
“Moran you’re about to-“
“Oh this is about Sherlock. Well I’ll tell you what I know John Watson. You have the greatest potential I’ve ever seen to become a very powerful Magical Boy.”
“Sebastian Moran,” he introduced himself.
Taking a gun out from the silver disk, he shot at the witch making it quickly move away in an attempt to dodge the bullets. Sherlock went after it still firing. He landed on top of tight rope in the labyrinth’s distorted tent. The witch swiftly came down upon it and seemingly swallowed him whole.
“I don’t need your help. Stay out of it,” Greg hissed as he began to move toward Sebastian again. But before he could take one more step Sherlock flashed to where Greg was and with a swift movement of his hand, he knocked him out. Greg collapsed to the ground unconscious. The barrier that had kept John away disappeared and he ran to check on his friend.
Or at least it had to be a dream.
“How is she doing that?” asked Greg. John shrugged his shoulders in confusion and could only stare in awe as the stranger was destroying the monsters.
“I’m just having a hard time understanding what I should ask for in exchange for that kind of power. Don’t mistake me Irene, I want to make a deal but I’m not going to throw away the chance to ask for anything especially if I can make it actually count for something. Also…”
Sherlock was able to separate John from his friends and revealed that he was also a contractor. John was surprised to say the least but even then fully trusted Sherlock. Irene however was a different story. She was a little more wary about there being a second contractor in his territory but Sherlock and John were able to convince her that it was for the better to defeat Magnussen. Then any problems they had would be dealt with later.
“Have you two finally decided what you’re going to wish for?” she asked.
John didn’t know what to do. In all his time knowing Sherlock, he had never cried. He’s only ever been angry or disappointed. There were times when he almost thought Sherlock was a machine with the lack of emotions but this moment definitely proved otherwise. Then a sudden wave of nostalgia struck him. Like a weird sense of Déjà vu.
Letting go he approached Kyubey as Sherlock once again tried to grab onto John but narrowly missed.
Their introductions were cut short however by Sherlock arriving. He first sent an angry look to the animal in John’s arm and kept his scowl as he faced Irene.
He walked with no real destination in mind but when he was more conscious of his surroundings he found himself outside of Irene’s flat. Damn, even when trying not to think of her he still wound up here. He thought about going inside and began climbing the steps but he thought better of it. He couldn’t get inside any way and it was a terrible idea. Turning to go who knows where he stopped. Sherlock was at the bottom of the steps waiting for him.
“Then what kind of person are you?” Irene smirked.
When he arrived he noticed that Mike wasn’t there leaving him alone for the class. As he began taking out his notebook, Sherlock sat down next to him unexpectedly. First looking towards their chemistry teacher, Mr. Anderson then back at Sherlock, John decided not to be rude.
John rested his head on the floor giving a deep sigh.
As she was sobbing he could barely make out her words.
Sebastian was surprised but followed John, not to help carry his friend but he did seem to have some sense about him. Also he didn’t want to deal with a sulking Sherlock again, he was happy that he wasn’t going to be subjected anymore to whatever was going on between those two. John didn’t want to deal with the vague bullshit Sherlock always said anymore and before he was left by him again he decided he would be the one doing the leaving.
John tried calling after Greg as he ran away from him but Greg refused to stop. He hated this feeling of helplessness. He just couldn’t understand why none of them could work together and keep each other alive.
They watched Kyubey walk off into the distance leaving them alone.
“We’re leaving now,” stated Sherlock who picked up the lifeless body. Sebastian cursed and ran over to them grabbing John.
“These aren’t the greatest but they can protect you if you need to defend yourselves.”
“You do know that it will still be really dangerous?” asked Kyubey.
Now at school, John was listening to Mike talk about the previous night which was just about how much he actually did not know about what happened. All he knew was that he was found in a warehouse but he had no memory about getting there. The doctors said that he was okay but they wanted to check on him again after school. The official ruling was that he and the others must have experienced a mass hallucination of some sort and there was an official police investigation into the matter.
Sherlock stepped closer to her.
“I’m not here to fight,” was the first thing Sherlock said as he stopped a good distance from them. “I only came to hear if you made a decision.”
Luckily before those drastic measures had to be taken, Greg went to his window to find John down below.
“Or what?” John asked taking a step back.
“Yes there’s nothing I haven’t been able to grant,” answered Kyubey. “That’s why, John, Greg, I want you guys to make a contract with me and become magical boys!”
“That won’t be necessary.”
“Really? I didn’t hear anything,” he said as his heart began to calm down. Rolling her eyes she gave a small sigh.
Sherlock didn’t reply but only gave John his piercing look before walking away.
“Since you brought the body you can deal with it,” he said as he left the disastrous scene.
Sherlock abruptly stopped walking, nearly making John crash into him. Turning around he gave John a severe look.
“I’ll stop him and you deal the final blow yes?” she asked John.
“What’s your plan?” asked John
“He’s still my best friend and if there’s a way to turn him back I’m going to try.”
“Then I just really layed into the bitch man, you know you can’t give any of them a single inch or else they’ll start asking for all sorts of unreasonable shit like marriage or to keep money on them. You know the minute they get any they’ll spend it on some useless shit,” said the first guy.
“I’ve been fighting some other witches. Trying to stock up on some grief seeds before the battle.”
“I just don’t believe that people should devote so much time to theories and ideas about space, they really do nothing for the average person but fill their head with useless information. “
Before John could ask any more questions a shadow appeared behind them.
“I can’t help but think that if I had only listened to you before then maybe…”
“Greg?”
The last truth of the soul gem is revealed.
“It’s Greg, he’s in trouble! Both Sebastian and him are about to have a fight and it won’t end well for him. You have come quick to stop it!”
Sherlock awoke and it appeared as if he was in space. The irony was that as well versed he was in other matters, he had no interest in the universe. His body floated amongst the stars, and as he looked at his hand he could see right through it. Was he dead?
“Who would that be?”
That’s right he didn’t need to be around Nobody would care.
“If there was a way you could’ve saved Jim, wouldn’t you want to know? Please help me do what you couldn’t.”
He could see Sherlock give barely a ghost of a smile.
“John?” asked Harry quietly through his door.
“He probably is just as smart as you Jim,” added Molly.
“Hopefully out of this heat soon,” murmured Jim.
“You’re right. Irene deserves this but she died. Still this grief seed belongs to those that made a contract and you can’t have it.” John couldn’t understand why Sherlock was acting this way and not even trying to defend himself. He had saved them and it wasn’t his fault about what had happened to Irene. As Sherlock turned to go his parting words were, “Don’t forget this night. An early death is an inevitable fate to all those who make a contract.”
“My family doesn’t care about me. The people that can at least live a little longer as a contractor can’t be tied down by anything else. They only make a wish when they have nothing else in life. You have a nice life, you’re still human and you have a future. There are people who care about you and who you care for. If you try to contact Kyubey, it won’t be Sherlock there to save you. It will be me but instead I’ll just kick your arse because by that point words clearly aren’t getting to you.”
“He’s not my boyfriend.” Sebastian gave a look that clearly said he didn’t believe him. “I’m not from around here. I came from one of those wealthy parents who don’t care about your siblings or you and are just so wrapped up in themselves clichés. That’s not why I made a contract. I didn’t really care about that. Not that I’m saying I’m not affected by my childhood but I don’t dwell on it and everyone has their own bullshit that they live with. I’ve never cared about other people but that changed when I met him.”
It was all real.
“Alright, alright. I’m getting up,” he said as he slowly rose.
John could see Sherlock sitting in the corner of the room out of the corner of his eye. He was gazing out the window. He was hoping that he wouldn’t be a hellish chem partner. Anderson had officially paired them together while Mike was partnered with another student whose partner had changed classes. Mr. Anderson made it impossible for them to do any sort of personal conversation though.
“I don’t know,” he replied softly.
John shook his no. Despite everything that had happened he could hear Sherlock’s words in his head and he couldn’t do it.
“You’re clearly not okay. They’re not here to attack you. Sherlock just wants to-”
He was shocked to find the strange creature suddenly at his window sounding so distressed.
“What kind of a weird dream?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“There is someone who has the biggest potential and could definitely defeat them though.”
As Sherlock watched John walk away he felt Sebastian come up behind him. Turning to face him he saw that Sebastian was eating an apple and had a rather bored expression on his face.
“JOHN!” yelled his sister, ripping his blankets off of him.
Elsewhere Kyubey was next to another boy on top of a building surveying the city.
“Alright you two, I’ll make quick work of this one since I have someone hanging around just waiting for me,” she said with a smirk.
“Sebastian it wasn’t your fault,” said Sherlock in a surprising attempt at comfort.
“What the hell is that?” asked Greg.
“What did you wish for when you made a contract,” asked Greg.
Magnussen had come and he could never imagine the destruction that came with it. London was in shambles and Irene was dead. Whatever strength John had was simply not enough to defeat him.
John frowned.
And that’s how Sherlock discovered the existence of Contractors.
“Sherlock,” John yelled as he clung onto the body.
Tom smiled.
“Contractors can only control their bodies up to 100 meters. It’s very rare for them to be separated from their bodies but when it does you humans always react so badly to the facts,” said Kyubey who simply carried on ignoring the very disturbed and distressed friends. “In exchange for your wishes I take your souls and make them into soul gems. It’s part of my many duties. You humans live in such fragile bodies I couldn’t possibly allow you to go after the witches like that. So as long as you soul gems aren’t affected then you can continue fighting.”
John put his hands up in an exaggerated gesture of surrender.
“I’m not but you need to answer the question, it’s important.”
Characters are still the same.
Sherlock made no move to comfort John, he simply answered, “Yes.”
“Jim this is Greg Lestrade, Sherlock Holmes and John Watson,” she said pointing to each of them as she introduced them.
"How does this magic work? You have to master spells or something?"
“Please Greg if there’s something I could do to-” began John before Greg cut him off again.
Greg shook his head giving a small grin, lying down in his bed again.
“I’m on the side of those who think rationally, Sebastian Moran.”
“Greg!” called out John as he saw the body fly pass them.
“I don’t think I’m ready to make my wish and I have faith in John. He’ll find Irene in time.”
“I’m just realizing why John has such a high potential. I was confused when I first met him because by all standards he’s a perfectly normal human being. It would’ve made more sense if he was a ruler or a messiah, with his potential but he wasn’t. Now I understand that each timeline’s universe is now converging on one point and that’s John. Meaning each time you try to save him, you only worsen the tragedy that will follow in your failure.”
“Talk to him Watson!” shouted Sebastian firing off several rounds and materializing multiple guns at once.
“Hey, can you come out so we can talk?” asked John.
“I’m sorry Greg but this is for your own good.”
John shook his head.
Sebastian barely dodged the blow of the baton after getting on his knees.
“Why are you only telling this now?! I think I deserved the right to know if you’re going to be messing with my soul!”
Greg and John said goodbye to Irene as she lingered around the fountain. Once they were gone Sherlock came from the shadows and approached Irene.
Finally coming to a stop when he hit the tracks, he fell to his knees. How could he return home? Or go back to school? He quickly looked in the direction voices were coming from. Slowly approaching the two strangers he could see they were men who were taking shelter in an empty train car.
Before John could ask what he was talking about, he was knocked unconscious.
A glow began to shine around John.
John tried to explain to Greg that this wasn’t Sherlock’s fault but before he could even form a full sentence Sherlock interrupted him.
