All four eyes snapped up to look at Benny, expectant and curious, but Benny simple tipped his head down over to Castiel. All four eyes snapped over to Castiel.
"Cold turkey?"
Meg smiled, and Castiel walked her to the door while Dean stayed behind. Meg sent Castiel a bright smile, before slipping into her black car. Her car zoomed past Castiel, onto the main street, and disappeared around a corner. Castiel turned around, and watched as Dean sauntered into the passage way, eyes lighting up the moment they fell upon Castiel.
"I know you, Dean. I know you're short-tempered, but you aren't reckless. I know everything you do is for a reason," Bobby trudged back to the window and sent Dean a quiet, pleading look, "—why did you do it?"
"Well, you're gonna' have a lot more of
"Good boy," Dean growled, and fucked into Castiel, slow at first, then gaining pace. Castiel gripped onto the desk, as his knees knocked against the wooden legs of the desk, as Dean nailed into him, every thrust brushing against Castiel's prostate, a show of how well Dean knew each spot inside Castiel.
"What is it?"
"Hey," Dean whispered against the girl's ear, watching as Alastair's eyes narrowed with confusion, "-this guy bothering you?"
Everything was as perfect as could be.
Dean Winchester would glance at her. Dean dated only the prettiest, skinniest, and spiciest of girls. The ones that had no qualms against getting caught by a teacher with cock in her mouth in the janitor's closet, those were the girls he would toy around with. He lived close to Castiel's house, and Castiel had seen him driving down in his muscly, black Impala on some days, donning an oversized leather jacket that showed off the curves of his back and shoulder.
"Not the need to fit in, but I did want attention. My parents always went on conferences, and slaved away at work. Of course, I admire their effort to make me as comfortable as possible, but sometimes, just asking me how my day was would have sufficed. So I turned to some wrong things, things that made me feel validated and appreciated. But these days, I don't feel the need to use them. I have Dean, I have new friends, and most importantly, I have too much shit to deal with myself," Castiel snorted, and let his eyes trail down to the almost empty tub of ice-cream, "-things just, sort themselves out, I suppose."
If only Dean hadn't been a mature man in his forties with control over his actions, he would have come thrice so far.
"Shit, if that's what I get for a ring, Imma' have to start buying some more."
"Good, what's your name?"
"You, uhm, you look goo—"
"But you know there's never been anyone like you, Cas. You're my everything, I swear. The things you make me feel, the way you love me, nobody's made me feel that way before. You idiot," Dean chuckled softly, "—I almost killed someone for you, and here you are, thinkin' there could possibly be something that could take me away from you. I've fucked people I liked, sure, but I've— I've never made love to anyone before."
Even now, if Castiel didn't reign his thought and his mind continually, his mind would wander back to the night, the night where these very men touched him in a way Castiel wouldn't even wish on his enemies.
And suddenly, Castiel was clenching around Dean's cock, rocking back and fucking himself to the hilt, because damn it, Dean knew he would be up for it, up for licking his come clean, slut that he was.
"It's not, It's not Anna. I— I deleted my OnlyPics a few days ago."
"God, you're such a slut, Cas."
"Everything's going to be okay, Cas, I promise."
"Here," Dean whispered, and pulled Castiel's hand away from their cocks to loop it around his neck, "—hold onto me, and I'll do it."
"That's sweet of you, but I'm fine, Dean, I promise you I am."
Their eyes met, and some of the tension between them seemed to have eased away as Dean shrugged, and gnawed at his lip in thought, "-I still think Physical Graffiti is their greatest. Dude, Kashmir? Ten Years Gone? Houses of the Holy? Those are irreplaceable songs, y'know," Dean argued, and already Castiel realised, they weren't going to agree, but he still tried his best to convince Dean otherwise.
"I'm— I'm close—"
"Your classes start now, so you should head back. I want the both of you, along with whoever you have on your team, in my office, the moment school ends today. Clear?"
Cas was crying— no, he was
The moment Dean's eyes landed on Naomi, he could tell, even from a distance, that she was clearly who Castiel had taken after. Bright, yet deep, wide-set eyes, a slender nose, a chiseled face, thin yet broad pink-tinted lips. Fine wrinkles lined her face, suggestive of her age, and yet, she managed to look as radiant as fearsome. Her chocolate-brown hair was tied up in a hair-bun, and she was dressed in a sleek, glistening peach-coloured pant-suit. Michael, on the other hand, was dressed in a black, long-sleeved polo shirt, paired with beige chino pants. A pair of spectacles sat on his face, and his hair was brushed and set almost immaculate. He seemed a tad bit older than Naomi, with lines along his face as well, and yet, his eyes weren't as blue as his son and wife's, instead, they were a deep, hazel brown, and a strong sternness lingered within them.
"Not Castiel. Really?" Anna asked, lip trembling.
Castiel pulled away from Dean, although reluctantly, and Dean watched as he walked away with his head down. Dean stood silent for a few seconds, both Bobby and he waiting for Castiel to disappear around the corner. After he did, Bobby walked over to Dean, a thick tension in the air between them.
it. He loved the attention, the humiliation, the vulgarity of it all. And Dean thought he hated it.
"Well I'm not kidding either, I'm fine, Dean. Trust me. Just come home soon."
, but it was coming alive again.
The elevator dinged once again, and this time they'd reached Dean's cabin. Dean grabbed Castiel by the hand, not caring about the woman, as he dashed out the door, Castiel dragging behind him as they crossed the distance towards the sleek, brown rosewood door to the cabin. A bang and a thud, and they were locked inside.
"That's my boy," Benny hooted, and punched the bottle of beer up into the air, a victorious grin plastered on his face.
And all Castiel was left with was an aching jaw and limbs. Of the stench of alcohol and blood stuck to his nose.
"So, you had something to say about Alastair, didn't you?" Meg asked, and Anna went a bit tense.
"Who owns your pussy, Cas?"
Oh, Christ, you're obsessed with this thing, aren't you?" Dean laughed, and Castiel froze. He wasn't sure why he was surprised to know Dean had seen his post. Maybe Dean was on OnlyPics too, and wait, did he follow Castiel? How was he able to see his post so quick? Usually, it would take people at least an hour to start commenting or liking the post. Unless. Dean was following Castiel— no, he must be stalking him for more blackmail. Fuck.
for some reason, and his eyes widened the moment he felt Alastair's body press against his own.
Castiel watched as Dean's face softened, and he quirked his lips, not fully convinced, but considering, and Castiel's skin thrummed with excitement as he took out his other earphone, wiped it on his trouser, and plugged it into Dean's other ear, "-listen," Is all he said, before pressing play on Led Zeppelin IV, the complete album. He leaned in closer into Dean's space, trying to listen in on some traces of the song. Unexpectedly, Dean leaned in closer, so close that a single inch forward and their lips would have brushed. But the action seemed innocent, simply to aid Castiel's listening.
Castiel paused for a moment, simply staring at the ring Dean was holding out— thinking of everything it meant to Dean, and now, everything it would mean you Castiel. He swallowed thickly, still unable to digest how sure Dean was about something as grave as
"No," He smiled innocently, and leaned down to press his lips to Dean's. Dean tried to turn them over, but Castiel simply pinned his arms to his side, and rubbed his hips over Dean's crotch, much to Dean's
"Everything."
"So, how's things been going?"
Dean fixed Castiel with a charming grin. "Not in the least, sweetheart."
warm— as if nothing would ever hurt Dean if he just stayed there.
"For legal purposes, I will say I am unable to, instead of I don't want to."
"No, but in a while he will be. We've got some time to ourselves, sound good?" Dean asked with a cheeky smile, and Castiel pushed his face away with a laugh.
"Good, so, here," Mr. Singer reached for something in his drawer, and handed it over to Castiel. It was a notepad. He tossed a pen onto the desk, and motioned at it, "—jot down you're plan. Or draw it, I don't care. As long as it's readable."
"Look, Winchester, we're not good people, and you know that. And you're fucked-up, let's face it. You put on this mask where you're a suave, tough, fella' who gets chicks left, right and centre, but that's not what you are, is it? You hate that, I know it. But when you're with Novak, I see you smile. And not the smile you give all of us— the smile that comes from in here." Benny clapped a hand over Dean's chest, and Dean stood, mouth hung open and eyes glistening as he listened to Benny.
lost in his thoughts, because he never noticed the footsteps echoing on the floor, approaching closer and closer, until a hand reached down and snatched his workbook away, and Castiel snapped his wide, appalled eyes up at the person standing before him. And who would it be but Dean Winchester in the flesh?
"Of course," Castiel smiled.
"Hey, come on, he's not that bad, 'kay? He's adorable."
Castiel narrowed his eyes at Dean, who felt himself falter under Castiel's gaze. "She's a nice girl." Castiel started, words drifting off into the silence.
"I'm sorry, man. I really am, please, please just, just try to control yourself, I swear, I mean it, I'm sorry—" Gordon was whispering now, and Castiel almost broken down on the library floor.
A wet, gentle laugh bubbled past Castiel's mouth as he hung his head down, "-I'm sorry for pushing you away."
Affection laced Bobby's words, and Dean smiled at the tone of concern, before grabbing his bag and rising off the seat.
"It clearly was a sight to behold."
The class, of course, had the loudest laugh.
There were hands on his shoulder— soothing him, guiding him— the voice of a woman, it was Meg, it was undoubtedly Meg, and she was whispering to Castiel, telling him to be strong, but Castiel couldn't. The ground slipped from below Castiel, and he felt his body drift to the floor. With each passing second, his eyesight grew hazy, and at last, the colours blended into black, until black was all he could see. He wasn't even sure if his eyes were open or not, or if he was even breathing, but there was a loud scream, it was Meg, she was screaming out Dean's name. And Dean's name was the last thing Castiel heard before he slipped out of consciousness.
"Oh, oh, oh—" Castiel moaned, breathless and choked as Dean slipped a hand inside his panties, and rubbed a dry finger against the boy's slick, lubed hole.
"No riddles, Dean, no games, no cockiness, no fuckin' playing, you hear me?" Bobby banged a fist into the desk, and Dean jerked back. Bobby's eyes were wide and gaping, his nose practically fuming with fire as he glared down at Dean, "—do you know who Alastair Knight is? Do you know the power he holds? If his parents found out it was you, they'd put you in jail, heck, they'd fucking rip you open limb to limb."
It must have been a few minutes after Castiel had begun assembling his books when Castiel felt a flick to the back of his head, and he jerked in place, before turning around to glare at Dean.
Gordon let out a loud, pained wail as he stumbled backwards, his arms trembling as his fingers contorted and bled.
, Dean groaned to himself. All at once, the air had become quite thick, and the room (or maybe it was Dean himself) had grown much warmer. He didn't want to, but he couldn't breathe clearly in the coarse fabric of the mask, so he took it off, and let it sit at the table. He wasn't blind to the way Castiel stared at his face, dreamy and something lewd, and Dean preened at the boy's attention.
as he was, kept shouting out 'Novak's getting bored, buddy', and 'Sorry Novak, can't believe you're going to have to deal with
Fear seized every single nerve in Dean's body at the mere thought of it—
It was endearing, how much Dean was trying his best for Cas, and he felt his throat tighten up at the way Dean was speaking about therapists, about Cas, about getting better.
Dean sucked in a shallow breath, feeling himself fluster under Benny's eyes as he hung his head down and shrugged. "Nah, uhm, it's for a friend."
"Fuck," Dean growled, "-why'd you have to hold me back, Cas?" He let his eyes flutter shut as he sunk back against one of the lockers.
Castiel smiled, and leaned forward on Mrs. Berry's desk. "I am
Castiel fished his phone out of his pocket, and plugged his earphones into the jack. He handed one to Dean, who plugged it into his ear, while Castiel plugged the other into his own. He pressed play on one of Physical Grafitti's songs, since Dean had told him it was his favourite album, and let his head fall back against the solid concrete.
The heat in his gut seared through him, and he grabbed Castiel by the hips, and pushed him off in a fit of frustration and rage. He knew the men around him, who had once been rubbing their dicks at the sight of Castiel, were now looking at him perplexed and confused, as if saying
"I'm game if you are, Winchester, considering you can get it up soon enough." Castiel winked, and fuck him,
"I'd rather swallow glass then touch you," Castiel hissed, and pushed Dean's arm away, sucking in a deep breath as he trudged away, only for a hand to grip his arm and yank him back. Castiel jerked, eyes wide as Dean twisted his hand around his back and pinned him to the wall.
Hands slid across his shoulders, rubbing and patting, and Dean let Bobby pull him close. Bobby's arm felt safe, and for a moment, everything was too overwhelming, and Dean wanted nothing more than to pour his guts out, but he sniffled, and tried to compose himself with a hiccup.
"I'm sorry, Cas, I don't mean to be a crybaby—"
The room went silent after that.
Castiel found himself unable to speak at that, and he wanted to pry further, but he knew that Dean and he came from extremely different walks of life, and what seemed hard to Dean may not be a big deal to Castiel. In due time, when Dean would be more comfortable, Castiel was sure he would tell him. If not now, some other day. Castiel hung his head down, and fidgeted with a tiny scrap of skin beside his nail. But a moment later, a plate full of pancakes, right with a smiley-shaped syrup on the top and some banana slices slid in front of him, and he snapped his head up to meet Dean, only for Dean to press a kiss to his hair and turn away.
He gazed down at Dean, finding himself rooted in place.
"Father," He started, and settled down beside Dean on the seat, linking his hand absently through Dean's, "—Dean owns a 1967 Chevy Impala. She's gorgeous. He loves her more than anything. Oh, and classic cars— you can ask him anything about classic cars, and Dean will have the answer to it. He's basically an automotive god."
Castiel's voice was cracked every semblance of sanity in Dean's mind, and all he could think of was how Castiel didn't deserve it. Not a single thing, not a single bruise, not a single scratch— no, he didn't deserve what happened to him. He was just a child, for God's sake, so naive, so pure, with such radiance in his soul. Even the brightest ray of sunshine wouldn't live up to the way Castiel illuminated Dean's life, how he made every day bearable; livable. How he made Dean felt safe, loved, cared for.
, he would always follow Cas.
"Of course, baby." Castiel breathed, and Dean grinned.
no one would be able to identify him. But this son of a bitch, Dean, how had he even—
In an instant, both of them were snapping apart like an elastic band in half.
Dean stared at the ring with a wistful look in his eyes, and Castiel watched him, awestruck.
"I almost thought you were the one who leaked Anna's nudes. I don't know what I would have done if it really was you." Castiel said, his voice low.
Castiel smiled, and made his way to his bedroom with a rejuvenated spirit and vigour.
He wanted Dean to come back.
"I'm fine, just some muscle pain."
"You're brave, Castiel. Just for being here. Just for not backing down when the world expected you to. You're a fighter, Cas, and it just goes to prove that you don't need brawn to be strong. You're trying to change the world, step by step, and honestly, I just wish I could be as brave as you are, son."
Dean realised,
Pain because he would never, ever, ever in his whole, entire life, ever understand the fear, the helplessness, and the horror Castiel must have felt in those few moments.
Standing at Castiel's door, Dean was hit with a strange sense of deja vu, as he recalled the first time he'd felt something other than hostility towards the boy. Perhaps it had been in the way Castiel had nursed his bruise, despite it being barely visible in the light, how their faces had been close, too close, and Dean wondered distantly, how freaking clueless he'd been. If only someone had told him back then, that someday, he would need Castiel as desperately as he needed the air to breathe, he would have laughed in their face, and called them an idiot for even thinking Castiel would ever be a
When Dean pulled out, he watched as a stream of his come dripped down Castiel's hole, onto his thigh, and Dean promptly pushed it back inside, where it belonged.
Dean watched as Sam hopped onto his bicycle, and drove down the pavement, turning right around the corner.
lot."
A brush on his arm drew him out of his paranoia, and he stepped back, watching as Benny reached for the knob, and with a deep, laboured breath, burst the door open. Dean pushed him aside, and barged in, pausing in his tracks with a gasp as his eyes met—
"Okay, I'm sorry, sorry, I'm kidding, I'm kidding."
"And?" Dean asked, trying to play cool, "-what is it you were doing? Making a fucking sandwich?"
At the dining room, Naomi and Michael sat side by side, while Dean sat beside Castiel, and the rest of the chairs remained vacant. It was a huge table, almost a six-seater made with beautiful white marble.
It made him feel— normal. Some people, like Lisa Braeden and Anna Milton, who were known to be enamored by Dean for years, of course, were more than disgruntled by Castiel and his relationship, and some were shocked at the fact that Lawrence High's best athlete and jock was
Dean's heartbeat— It grew louder, faster.
"You had a choice to leave, but you chose to stay with your father, that's very commendable Dean. I wish one day he'd realise just how precious his boys are. I can't bear to see you with another bruise on your face."
His eyes wandered around the corridor of the farmhouse as he sighed, and swiped up to answer. Against his will, he breathed out a soft
Castiel shook his head, unable to speak as a sob choked him up, and tears blurred his vision.
Dean thought nothing could beat the feeling of having Castiel go down on him.
And sure, Dean had pounded him hard for that, hard enough Castiel had to beg him to stop, and when all was said and done, they'd snuggled up like any ordinary couple, and talked about grocery shopping. Sex was sex, and it had always been kept distant from their relationship, because both of them knew they could never settle for the vanilla shit. When they did it, they went to extremes, and nothing could stop them.
how Dean's face changed at the drop of a hat.
"You're so pretty, Cas," Dean hummed, and Castiel felt his thumbs dig into his flesh before Dean wrapped his lips around the tip.
Everything seemed to come to a static halt as Castiel sucked in a deep breath. He felt the colour in his face seep away, and he swallowed nervously for a moment, simply staring at Meg, who stared back with an equally nervous expression. Silence ensued between them for a few long seconds, where Castiel's heart pounded in his chest. Meg sighed, and looked away, playing with a loose thread on the inside of her jacket's lining.
"For what?" Castiel let out a frigid chuckle, watching as Dean's eyes met his at last, "-you haven't done anything wrong."
Not many words were exchanged between them, as Castiel moaned into his headset, somehow still managing to continue playing, and it only fuelled the fire in Dean's gut. How could he still be in control of his body? Fucking brat. He needed to be taught a lesson, and Dean was going to teach him one alright. It became a silent challenge— seeing how long it would take for Dean to render Castiel into an uncontrolled mess.
"Somewhat."
", and vanished into the crowd, leaving Castiel to himself.
"I owe you a burger."
If there was anyone who should have been quaking in their boots, it was Alastair.
"I'm in," He stated, and Castiel smiled, "—now, do you have a plan?"
"Cas," Dean shushed him, and pressed a kiss to Castiel's lips, "—you're the most beautiful person I know, okay? What Alastair did, it doesn't define you in anyway. It was something that happened to you, but it's not your whole identity. And honestly, it's taking me everything I have to hold myself back right now, Cas, you're wearing my shirt, you're wearing those tiny shorts— I'm trying my best not to pop a boner right now."
used to hang out with Alastair, does that make you a bully too?"
Silence lingered in the air for a few seconds, before Michael nodded. "Not bad, not bad for a kid at all. How about dates—"
He considered calling Castiel.
And now, Castiel Novak would have to be his dirty, little office secret.
Dean flipped through the notebooks, quirking a lip when he noticed the neat, round handwriting dotting the pages. And then it dawned on him.
His eyes wandered over to Dean, whose face was stoic, but Castiel knew that look. The gears in Dean's mind were crunching, he was contemplating about something— Castiel couldn't tell what, but he knew it was
, "-seventeen is old."
It tugged a smile at his face.
When Dean met Castiel's eyes again, they were blunt and laced with concern. Dean hung his head down, and heard Castiel click his tongue.
mine in front of the teacher, do you?"
Dean frowned, and turned his eyes away.
"T-thanks," Dean managed to mumble, before turning his face down to hide it on the pretence of reading the questionnaire.
"Night, Cas."
"I— Castiel didn't— Cas didn't tell you?"
"Nothing," Castiel answered, "-you should go home now."
"Inside me. I tried to kick them too, but they kept hurting me, Dean, and you know, you know that, that bottle I had—"
"I will do my
English passed on quietly, with Dean not teasing or annoying Castiel again. Castiel, to his credit, made sure to note down all important points in class, but behind him, he could feel Dean wasting time, chattering, swiping chits, chuckling and such. He paid him no mind as he kept to his business.
Dean was fucked.
Dean expected harsh words about what was wrong and what was right, about knowing better, about failed expectations, but instead—
Sighing, he sunk down against the railing, feeling strangely empty now that Castiel wasn't here to press against his side.
A few eyes snapped over to Dean, but he simply kept his gaze fixed to his desk. A few moments of rustling later, the class commenced, and Mrs. Barnes got into a discussion about queer-coded characters in classic literature, which wasn't even a part of their syllabus, but without Alastair and his gang to throw slurs in the midst of the discussion, it really did end up being interesting. It also made Dean regret ever calling Castiel slurs, like fag, because hey, he was trying to be rude and harsh, but he shouldn't have done that. It wasn't like he was always possessive about Castiel. Before they were friends, he genuinely couldn't care less about him, and when he'd found him on OnlyPics, he realised just how much he could threaten the nerd with the pictures. Now though, things had changed. They were far from where they were a few months ago.
"Cas, I know you said there's some things you'd only tell me when the time was right, but I need to ask you something, and I want you to be honest with me."
With a mighty moan of Dean's name, and a hand squeezing Dean's, Castiel came in a splatter of thick white come all over Dean's desk. Dean pounded his cock deep inside Castiel, and at last, let himself come. He felt his own sticky, hot semen flood Castiel's ass, and stayed there for a while to make sure his seed wouldn't drip out. Castiel went limp on the table, before Dean pulled his cock out clean, and watched Castiel's asshole quiver with the need to be fucked
is but, but all I know, is that every morning when I wake up, I'm really thankful that I get to see you."
Of the feeling of cold, thick glass thrusting inside him— no matter how hard he tried to resist it.
"Just another day, Dean," Castiel whispered, and pressed a kiss to Dean's mouth, slipping him tongue and making Dean go all weak in the knees. Heat curled low in his gut as he thrusted up against Castiel, meeting the younger boy's kisses just as ardently. Castiel squeezed a hand between them, and unbuttoned the front of Dean's school trousers, before fishing his heated, heavy cock out of his underwear. Castiel squirmed out of Dean's lap— at least as much as he could cramped up in the back of the Impala, and sat down on his knees on the floor of the car. Dean thanked himself for cleaning the flooring almost every weekend.
an ask. If Novak said no, Dean knew already what strings he had to pull.
, and gave in, pressing his lips to the boy's.
It wasn't the first time Dean had asked Castiel to do such a thing. But in public? It was a first.
Dean's eyes lit up with excitement, and he crushed the butt of his cigarette onto the floor, before folding his legs into his lap and facing Castiel, like a puppy watching its owner, and Castiel almost smiled at how exalted Dean looked.
. And oh, how Castiel wanted to stop him, wanted to pull him back, slap him perhaps a thousand more times for being an idiot, but hold him close, never letting go of him, never letting him slip through his fingers. He wanted to shout at Dean, he wanted to be furious at him for not being able to take a fucking hint, but Castiel also wanted to say
"And if he does?"
It wasn't as if Castiel had taken an oath against ever seeing Dean, but he hadn't expected stumbling into him as quick as he did either. And there Dean stood, a plastic cup in his hand held above his shoulder to save it from being spilt, dressed in a flannel, a leather jacket, ripped black jeans and black leather boots. He was handsome, moreso than ever, and the width of his shoulders seemed to be somehow accentuated by the leather jacket. Castiel had never felt as small as he did in the one moment where Dean seemed to tower over him, his eyes wide and gaping at Castiel.
A laugh rumbled past Dean's throat, an evil, cruel laughter, and Castiel shivered at the sound of it. Dean flicked the back of Castiel's head before letting his hands fall away, and dropped himself down onto Castiel's bed again.
"Please, lead the way, Mr. Winchester," He laughed, and watched as Dean puffed out his chest, and pulled Castiel along with a proud grin.
Dean didn't know why he led with that.
"Any request—"
"I'm not sleepy," Dean countered, and glanced to the side to watch Castiel laying silent.
Dean sighed for a moment, before draping himself over Castiel and nudging him down into the mattress, making Cas laugh and squirm. He squeezed Cas in his arms, before resting his chin on the boy's chest to gaze up at his bright eyes.
, which only had Castiel crying into his headset. The headset. Oh. Right. Well. Dean had always liked to put on a show. He didn't bother opening up Castiel anymore. If it hurt, it hurt. It was a punishment, after all.
A small chuckle slipped past Castiel's lips, and Dean watched, slightly hurt, as Castiel's teary eyes blinked up at Anna. "I suppose yes."
"No, you're not. And I'm not making you happy," Dean whispered, crumpling Castiel's uniform under his fingers, "—it bothered you, me being with Lisa, didn't it? I never meant to hurt you, I just, I didn't expect her to be so touchy—"
"Yup. He's sexually assaulted two students, verbally and physically assaulted several more. We just need to gather up enough people to back us up. I'm sure if we have a good majority of students testifying against him, the school
"I thought you were going to push me over," He cried out, and watched as Dean laughed, bastard that he was, and squeezed his hands around Castiel's waist.
"No, don't make me challenge a kid." Michael laughed, and Dean felt some of the tension seep out of his body.
"Fuck, Cas— you're
When Castiel stood up to pull his pants on, he looked over at Michael, and feigned a gasp. "Oh Mikey," He cooed, "—I didn't see you there. Did you forget something in here? Dean and I were just wrapping up."
"Yeah, he says he's better."
s here and there, and it got Dean's cock throbbing, but no. He was a creep, a sick, twisted psycho pervert.
"You don't want me to be your friend."
"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have—"
"Hello, erm, Clarence."
"No, you— you're not— in
, Dean— it hurts—
"Alastair Knight is a cruel, capricious, and vile human being. The things he has said, the things he has done to your very classmates, you wouldn't even want to look him in the eye if you knew. But I have had enough of him. We've got another month or two until the end of senior year and then we'll all be off to college, starting a new life. And so, Alastair Knight will continue to wreak havoc, ruin lives, and be the vile person he still is. But you can help me stop it. All I'm asking for is your support. I want you to stand against what is wrong, to stand with justice, to help save a hundred other people from the filth that is Alastair Knight. All I need is your unwavering support. Because I'm trying, alright? I'm trying my absolute best as a single person, to do everything in my power to get that son of a bit expelled. But I'm burning out. My friends, three of them who have supported me each step of the way, they're my pillars and I couldn't be as bold as I am today without them. But please. It isn't enough. You need to stand against Alastair, you—" Castiel punched a fist into the desk, tears lacing his eyes and Dean almost felt his chest drop with an anchor, "—you need to be a good person today. Because who knows? If you don't say anything today, you might just turn out to be Alastair's next victim tomorrow."
"Castiel." Gordon swallowed thickly, and the air between them began to fill in with unease and awkwardness.
"It's valid, Anna." Castiel said, loud and sharp. Dean hung his head. The irony was almost comedic, and made Dean gag at the same time. The person he'd been— he had never wanted to forget it so hard before. He wanted to change and he wanted to be good for Castiel, but the past could only be forgotten, not erased. And what Anna had said brought memories flooding back to Dean. Of each time he blackmailed Castiel, of being a brat, of being the worst person he'd ever known.
Dean shared a glance with Meg. He watched as Meg straightened in her seat, but made no effort to speak first, so Dean decided to take the chance. "Long story short, I realised how big of a douchebag Alastair was. And I realised I was an even bigger douchebag for needing his approval. It never bothered me first, but then, when he started hurting the people I love, I realised it was high time to change. Meg?"
I am extremely sorry for the delay. I've been going through a major writer's block, and have been struggling with some school work as well.
"Definitely."
, he was going to have to find refuge soon. Mind made up, he ran towards the house, parting through bushes and swatting away branches, before he reached what seemed to be the lawn surrounding the house. Since it was isolated from the rest of the city, Dean guessed it must be the kind of house people used for staying on the weekends or throwing parties.
The inside of the diner was minimal, with some pop art paintings hung on the walls, and with bright, red booths. Dean and Castiel slipped into one of the empty booths, and Castiel reached for the laminated menu while Dean pulled out his phone to type something.
"So," Dean started after a while, "—wanna' grab a bite? I'm starving. Oh, oh," His apple-green eyes lit up, and Castiel couldn't hold back a smile as he watched Dean speak, "—we haven't been on a date, so uh, you wanna' get lunch with me?"
"Nah," Dean said, recalling Castiel's words, and the way he'd looked that day— resplendent. It had only been a week, but Dean had controlled his urge to smoke. Every time he wanted to, he thought of Castiel, and the fact that Castiel hated the smoke of a cigarette, and how Dean had to do this for him.
Dean smiled, and slipped out of the car. He walked over to where Castiel was standing outside, and pulled Castiel into a tight, warm hug with their heads buried against each other's necks.
? I mean, you've bullied a few people in your time, haven't you? What if they use that against you?"
"No, guys, no, I— being a leader, this is a huge responsibility. Besides, someone like Dean or Anna would be better suited, you guys are more social, more friendly, and, and— I just, I—"
Something about just how
Loud moans filled the air as Dean twisted his finger into Castiel's hole. Damn it, it felt
mean more to me than anyone else."
The sickening stench of alcohol, the distant laughter, the hands on his body— too many to distinguish them, the nails scratching at his skin, the knuckles bruising his face, the fingers yanking at his clothes, the loud noise of fabric tearing, the blurred vision, tears, shouts, screams— until his throat had gone hoarse.
"Great, so now we just have to make sure
"Did he shout at you? Mr. Singer, I mean, did he—"
And even if he didn't, he would sooner or later have to accept it.
Too exhausted to put up a fight, Castiel sighed.
Castiel glanced behind, at the corner of the classroom, and found Dean staring at him. He sent Dean a smile, and mouthed
surpassed any feeling Dean had ever felt before.
Somehow, they had traveled from the wall to one of the tables at the corner, and Dean laid Castiel down on the table with utmost care, warm hands gliding down Castiel's arms with such affection, it had Castiel's gut pooling with arousal. He spread his legs open to hook one foot around Dean's shoulder and the other around Dean's waist. Dean leaned in, kissing with the passion Castiel knew he always had in him— every suck, every nip filled with heat and pleasure, and Castiel hoped Dean would make him forget about the world, at least for a few hours.
And then it struck Castiel, "—what if we reported him?"
"I get it, I'm sorry. You're not broken, Cas, not at all. And what happened to you absolutely doesn't define you and it sure as heck shouldn't stop you from being happy. And I get it, okay, I really do. There's, there's things you can't tell me right now, I'm cool with that. Take your time. But please, if it ever gets too much, you'll tell me, right?"
conversation with Dean was strange, extremely weird, since Castiel had shown him his literal panties two days ago, but it felt warm nonetheless. Dean was good at keeping the conversation flowing, and Castiel was bouncing on his feet with each step, speaking to Dean with such fervour, as if Dean had hung the moon for him.
"How can you be so sure?" Castiel asked, his voice barely a whisper. Something about the way Dean smiled then, wide and full of conviction, had Castiel's heart skipping a beat.
"Eighteen," Castiel breathed out, and the man shoved in another finger. Excitement twinkled in the man's eyes, and Castiel felt guilt course through him at what he was doing, but he couldn't bring himself to resist it.
After all, the app ran on closeted middle-aged men jacking off to pictures of tiny little things with thick bottoms and boobs.
But the pressure was growing too fast, and Dean was not about to come untouched by a fucking lap-dance by his nerdy, hot secretary.
But the moment the door swung open, who was standing there on his porch but Dean fucking Winchester.
"Come on, he can't be better than me, I can't accept that, my ego can't accept that, Castiel." The three of them burst into a chuckle, and the sound of it was only cut short when they heard Naomi saunter into the room.
"Yeah, I'm not." Dean breathed out, a small smile at his lips as he pulled Castiel into a hug. Castiel let himself press into Dean's chest, inhaling a lungful of the comforting scent of the fabric softener clinging to Dean's shirt, and felt his hands run down Castiel's body. "I never expected you to come all the way over here to talk to me."
Castiel blushed at the memory of it, and shoved his face back into the pillow under him. He tried not to shift too much, or else he would end up waking Dean, who slept so calmly, it almost tugged at Castiel's heart. A moment after he'd cooled down from his tiny meltdown, Castiel rolled onto his side, and stared at Dean's face. It was smooth, devoid of any wrinkles or spots, save for his beautiful tan freckles, and a few scratches here and there. There was a bruise on his jaw, which Castiel realised belonged to his own hand when he punched Dean the day before.
God knows what they must have done already.
It was as if every word had seared a gash into Dean's skin, and he felt itchy, nauseated, strange— he wanted to throw up, he might even have in his throat, but the thought of it— just the thought of it; the thought of them hurting Castiel in
"You can be honest with me, Cas."
Dean dragged his lips down to Castiel's neck, relishing in the breathless moans coming from the younger man, before sinking his teeth into the supple, sweaty skin at Castiel's neck. He felt Castiel's hand tangle through his hair, keeping him in place, rubbing across his scalp. Their chests heaved with laboured breaths, and Dean brought his hands up to tease Castiel's nipples through the fabric of his button-up.
"Let me go, Cas, I'm gonna' teach this son of a bitch a lesson—"
It looked like a beautiful memory. Dean wished he knew what it was.
It was
Dean backed Castiel up until the smaller boy was pressed into the teacher's desk, and flipped him over so his stomach pressed into the table. Dean snapped Castiel in half, shoving him down roughly on the surface and keeping him there with a hand on his face. It was rough, quick, vulgar and everything Castiel had craved for. His cock leaked with arousal, and behind him, he could feel his trousers being pushed down to his ankles along with his underwear. Castiel shut his eyes, and felt the big, hot and heavy bulge of Dean's cock against his bare ass.
"Hey, okay, alright, Cas—" Dean started, a bit panicked as he rubbed a hand over Castiel's jaw and tried to get him to look up at Dean, but Castiel couldn't stop crying as he mumbled to himself, over and over again, until at last, he felt Dean speak again, "—Cas—" Dean said, louder and alarmed, as he scrambled through the room for a bottle of water, and pressed it to Castiel's lips. Castiel let the water run down his throat, a much-needed relief, before setting it away. He sucked in a deep breath, and turned his gaze up to meet Dean's nervous, stricken eyes.
A broad, calloused hand slipped against Castiel's jaw, and Castiel watched as Dean's eyes tracked the movement of his thumb on Castiel's face. Castiel winced when he grazed over a particularly harsh bruise, and at once, Dean's face dropped, eyes going wide as he parted his mouth to apologize, but Castiel simply leaned in to bury his face into the crook of Dean's neck, breathing in the faded scent of his cologne.
Castiel jerked at that, and turned around in his seat, feeling Dean's disgusting eyes track over his body.
Castiel chuckled, and nodded. Smiling, he leaned up to press a kiss to Dean's lips, only for Dean to grab him by his bare waist, and roll them over so Castiel was on his back. Castiel's naked cock brushed against the fabric of Dean's trousers, and Castiel bit back a moan, slightly embarrassed that he would ruin the moment between them. Dean's lips, however, continued to ambush his neck and face ceaselessly, and only encouraged Castiel to let out another whimper when he felt his cock grow harder, and rub against the bulge in Dean's pants.
"I don't know if you'll be able to do it, but erm, can you try Black Dog? It's the song we listened to together for the first time back in school." Castiel muttered, and fidgeted with the hem of his t-shirt, "—but if you can't, that's perfectly alright."
"Keep playing," Dean growled, as he soaked his middle finger with spit, before slipping it between Castiel's ass and rubbing it over his tiny, pink pucker. With his ass up in the air, face pressed against the couch, and his panties pulled roughly to the side, Castiel looked nothing short of a bitch straight out of a porno, with her legs spread for anyone to come fuck her full of come.
"I hate saying goodbye."
Look, things weren't supposed to go this way. Benny was supposed to deal with the security, Dean was supposed to get the ammunition and the money, and Victor was supposed to deal with the police. But then, Benny fucked up, and now Dean had three patrol cars chasing after him. He never chose to be a fucking robber, okay? But the debt was hard, he got evicted, and Sammy's student loans needed to be paid. If Victor hadn't come up with the plot to rob the city bank, this would never have happened. Now their money had been stashed under a tree next to Dean's (used-to-be) apartment, and he was on the run from the cops, dressed in a tight, black t-shirt and black cargo pants, with his face covered by a half, black face mask.
"That's how you know you've got it bad, kid."
Meg snapped her eyes up at Castiel, and a vague, somewhat uncertain smile pulled at the corner of her lips. Her gaze passed over him, before drifting out the window passively.
"Hey, Cas, I don't wanna' hold you back sweetheart. And I'm always going to be here, so you don't have to be worried about me, 'kay?"
"But I—"
Dean considered it. "Kill him."
"He'll kill me, I know," Dean said, and reached a hand up to stroke down Castiel's face with a wide, murderous grin. "But not if I kill him first, Castiel."
"What are you trying to do? You're making fun of me, aren't you? It's all just for show," Castiel sobbed, unable to hold back as a river of tears streamed down his face, and he brought his hands up to bury his face in them, shoulders jerking as he cried, "-you know what you're doing, aren't you? You know that I love you, and you're trying to make fun of me for it, aren't you?"
"Well, I am a professional level emotion repressor so—"
Castiel and Meg shared a victorious look, before turning back to Mr. Singer.
Slowly, Dean observed, as Castiel's laughter dissipated, yet the grin on his face never dwindled. He ran a hand through his hair, and gazed down at Dean from between his fluttering lashes, and in his gaze was such admiration, it knocked the wind right out of Dean's chest.
"Oh," Dean grinned "—you caught us. But if you'd be willing to, I'd love to rectify a few things on the contract. In private."
"I want you to fuck me in the classroom on Monday afternoon after everyone's gone." Castiel just said it. Honestly, there was no point beating around the bush.
Castiel let out a low moan and tangled his fingers through Dean's hair as Dean spread him open, causing the air to kiss his quivering hole, sending a shiver down his spine. Dean rubbed his thumb down Castiel's dry taint, before licking a thick, fat strip of spit across it, almost sending Castiel into the void and back at how the pleasure seeped into his veins. Dean pulled Castiel's hole open, letting his tongue prod and play at the throbbing ring of muscle. Castiel was by no means, a stranger to playing with his hole, but in the past few weeks, he hadn't touched himself much. And now, all that pent up tension, all that frustration that wound Castiel up just seemed to drain out of him as Dean's nimble fingers slowly took him apart and put him together.
"You fucking whore," He whispered softly, "—you've still got the come I pumped into you this morning?"
But the fighting, the arguing, the taunting, the comments— He couldn't take them anymore. It was his fault. He never should have brought Dean home. He should have never expected for his family to be normal again. Dean was right— Castiel was naive. So naive, that now, he had unwittingly pushed away the one person he needed the most. Strange enough was the fact that he couldn't feel sorry for his mother— no, she was a sly, capricious woman with more care for superficiality than honesty, so frankly, Castiel couldn't be bothered to give a rat's ass about her.
Hi guys, just wanted to let you know that I will be going on a short hiatus for a while. I am traveling for a week, after which I have a series of exams to give throughout April. If I can manage to, I will upload a chapter soon.
Castiel beamed at him, punching a fist into the air as he chuckled, and found Dean staring at him, a strangely gentle (very un-Dean-like) expression in his eyes. "I knew it," Castiel grinned smugly, folding his arms across his chest, "-I was right."
A loud
"The suspension will naturally leave a stain on their record, y'know," Castiel added, before letting Meg finish.
"A search for acceptance."
Perhaps he knew the answers. Perhaps Dean, like Castiel, had resorted to extreme measures for the same reason Castiel had. To find what he lacked in his life. To Dean, it was normalcy. To Castiel, it was simply attention. Not in a rabid, unhinged way most people do, but a simple, subtle attention, laced with affection and care, the promise that he was important, that he meant something to someone.
"So you won't mind us playing with him then?" Alastair asked, and Castiel caught his sharp, predatory glare, which had a shiver running down Castiel's spine.
for some reason. And he only hoped Dean would understand him and step into his shoes. He hoped Dean wouldn't be offended. Dean was silent for a few seconds, before he locked his jaw, and nodded his head slowly.
The boy whimpered again, but seemed to give into Dean's order.
It was somewhere in the afternoon, and Castiel and Dean were lying nestled together on Castiel's bed— Dean shirtless and Castiel well, erm, pantless. They were sweaty, but the air conditioner had started to cool them down, and the bedsheets of course, were a mess. And even as Dean asked the question, his voice was laced with exhaustion.
"Hmm?" Cas hummed, and went about the aisle, browsing through the various books packed into the shelves. Dean stood rooted to the ground, simply watching as Castiel moved effortlessly, and an air of ease and nonchalance surrounded him.
"Hey," Castiel called out, and slipped a hand over Dean's jaw, rubbing a thumb over his cheek, "—thank you for looking out for me, Dean."
Dean sat, shell-shocked for a moment at Castiel's gentle voice, as if he genuinely wanted to help Dean. Or maybe, he just always spoke to everyone like this. Kind. Patient. Advising. As disturbing as it was to admit, it was the first time in many years that somebody had said something to Dean so
Driving back to Castiel's house had been one of the most harrowing, nerve-wracking, and impatient drives Dean had ever experienced. The desperation to see Castiel, paired with his penchant for being tetchy when things went against the way he wanted them to, caused Dean to become a tangled bundle of nerves by the time he arrived at the house. Dean pulled into the pristine, wide driveway, and cut the engine. He felt the Impala's steady purring falter, and fade into silence, before he stepped out of the car, and let his eyes wander over the large, elegant house before him.
"Yadda, yadda, yadda. All bark and no bite, aren't you, Dean-o? Can't even fuck someone up without gettin' all touchy feely. Fuckin' fag." Alastair patted Dean's cheek, and Dean shook his hand off with a growl, trying to squirm out of Castiel's tight, iron grip on his shoulder.
When Castiel awoke, he wasn't sure of anything.
, came inside him. His eyes flashed white, and every single thought in his mind dissipated as he fluttered his eyes open and glanced down at the sticky, wet mess of come on his fingers.
Dean turned away, hoping it would hide the tears lacing his eyes, and walked out the dining room. He knew by instinct almost, that Castiel was in his bedroom, but he couldn't find it in himself to face him. Castiel needed the space. Dean would apologize to him soon enough. Heck, he'd call him once he went home. But for now, he allowed Castiel his own time. Silently, Dean slipped out the front door, and climbed into the front seat of the Impala.
him, even. If I'm right, he won't reject you."
"I had shared some nudes with Dean," Anna mumbled, and Dean flushed red.
"Dean," Castiel's words had turned to gasps then, "-let's get up."
"What the fuck kinda' name is that, you Mormon or somethin'?"
Dean frowned, and sunk back against the wall, "-but it helps me relax."
"I hate you." Dean groaned, and felt Castiel reach up to steal his mouth in a filthy, wet kiss.
"Missionary?"
Dean smirked and pushed Castiel back on the desk, before diving down between his thighs.
He was kissing Castiel.
Dean sighed, and unbuckled his trousers. Besides, his bratty boyfriend was supposed to be happy seeing Dean come home, not waste time away on a video game. The brat needed to be punished. A nice, hard fucking would be sure to put him back in line.
"Huh?"
All he could see was Castiel huddled against the wall, crying, panting—
"Yes," Castiel nodded, and Dean noticed the dark circles under his eyes.
As silence spread across them, Dean wondered how they'd ever ended up there, Novak and Winchester, two names you'd never hear in the same sentence, sleeping on the same bed, right next to each other. And to think it started out from Dean having to blackmail Castiel. Of course, Castiel didn't know it yet, but he'd deleted the pictures from his phone ages ago. The day Alastair had bothered Cas at his desk, Dean had felt too cowardly for not saying anything, and he'd deleted the pictures as compensation for being a pussy.
Dean smirked,
Unbidden, tears rose to his eyes at the memory, and he tried to stable his breath. He couldn't say with certitude, what Gordon's purpose to have him alone, but at such a time, he was sure of one thing, and that was of the fact that he wasn't as weak as he had before. He was a changed person, in fact, he was changing everyday, growing stronger, more determined everyday, and whatever it was that Gordon had to say, be it a threat at that, Castiel wasn't going to back down before listening.
"— this foul, filthy boy with no aim in his life, with only cockiness and attitude to fill the void of parents, and money, and values—"
He wasn't strong. Cas was. And he realised, he would never be able to be as strong as Castiel.
"I mean, there ain't a lotta' openly gay dudes in our school... So, have you ever considered it?"
, liked it when they put up a fight. Some women in the past had called him a creep when he'd suggested it to them, not too much, just showing a bit of discomfort, maybe a few
This chapter picks up from the scene where Dean walks away in the last chapter.
"I—I'm sorry."
to pay attention."
The sound of frantic footsteps running toward him did nothing to faze him, for he realised even before he could listen to them, that Dean would follow him.
"Heya, you feeling alright?"
"And what about you?"
At last, Dean whispered, his lips quivering, "I'm leaving."
All three of them were silent, simply drinking in the weight of Castiel's words, before Meg sighed. She fidgeted with her fingers, and shifted from one leg to the other.
"I can't tell you how strong you are. Thank you for telling me this, okay?"
Benny groaned, and flicked Dean in the head, to which Dean hissed, but hung his head down, already ashamed of himself, and now Benny was guilt-tripping him too, -"Brother, you ain't supposed to leave," He grumbled, "-you're supposed ta' grab him by the waist, look him in the eye, and tell him you ain't leavin'. You're supposed ta' tell him no matter what you're gonna' be there for him, through thick and thin, you're supposed ta' hold'im, and tell im' you're not letting him go."
Castiel groaned, and pressed his palms into his eyes. "I was walking with Dean, we went to class, in class— I saw— I saw Gordon and Nick. Right. It had to be. Gordon and Nick."
Bobby's words brought back memories. It was as if Dean could feel on his skin— the splatter of Alastair's blood.
"You're jealous. You're jealous that I've been with people before, aren't you?" Dean asked, almost teasingly.
"I'm—" Dean almost choked on his own spit, "—I'm sorry, I shouldn't have done that—"
who this person was. It wasn't until he reached the porch that he called out to her.
"You're so cute."
"My name is Castiel, Meg."
Which then made Castiel realise, there was absolutely nothing stopping Castiel from doing the same.
He would tell Dean, right?
"Hmm," Castiel chuckled, before sighing, and letting his eyes wander away into the distance, "—well, I don't really care how handsome he may or may not be, it's the personality that I look out for, you know."
ask them to illustrate their plan. But the look on Mr. Singer's face meant business, and Castiel found himself caught slightly off-guard. Yes, this was one of his drawbacks— he wasn't a quick thinker. He pondered wide and deep on decisions and plans, until he was sure they were perfect. Rough, last minute sketches were not his thing.
"I know, but I don't want to go far away. I feel like if I leave Lawrence, I'll be leaving you behind, and—"
"No, don't leave so soon," Castiel pleaded, as he hopped off the counter, and set the ice-cream aside, "—why'd you have to leave?"
"Nope. I'm not going to my room, and I sure as fuck am not listening to a woman who shows up in my life every once in a year and expects me to love her, despite her constant taunting and neglect. So, please,
but before Castiel knew it, he was shaking, clamping a hand shut over his mouth, and crying into his palm. He kept his eyes to the ground, not daring to look up at Gordon.
the man was. All lean, toned muscle stretching against his suit; stubble dotting his jaw, plush, feminine pink lips, and a tempting, sweaty neck. He stunk of men's cologne, but it was bearable, and Castiel felt his gut coil with arousal as the man raised an eye brow at him.
"Through it all," Meg nodded firmly, and Castiel broke into a smile.
Standing at Castiel Novak's door at four in the evening with a bunch of books in his hands was not what Dean had planned for his Sunday. He thought he would cook himself a big ole' American brunch, watch some porn, jerk off, and eventually, study. But that's not what he did. The moment he woke up, John had pestered him about lazing around, and Dean found out they were out of eggs and coffee. His laptop crashed, and he realised watching porn was out of question. Of course, that didn't stop him from jerking off, he had quite the imagination, but when it came to studying, the second he opened his notebook, his mind went as blank as a slate, and he sighed, waited for two seconds, before deciding to walk over to Novak's house, and ask him to tutor him. Of course, it wouldn't be
"I capische."
Because if he did, he would be breaking his promise to Cas.
"I hope flattery isn't a plot to distract us from this poorly-constructed contract."
Surprisingly, when Castiel opened the door, the first thing he asked Dean was, "-what happened to your face?"
"That's disgusting."
"God, I'm gonna' have you taking my dick everyday, Novak. Ass like yours should be used till it's sore. So tight for me baby, you feel that," Dean hammered into Castiel, so rough and relentless, the smaller man was almost sobbing into Dean's hand. Dean didn't stop for once, instead he quickened his pace, not even pulling out farther, just fucking Castiel rough and dirty and careless, until his orgasm began to rip through his gut.
Dean gulped at the bitterness in his father's voice, and kept his head down.
"I— sure." Sam whispered, and the line went dead. About a few, agonizing minutes later, Castiel heard the door click open as softly as it could, and Sam delicately pulled it open, glancing behind his back to make sure he was alone. Castiel slipped in through the gap, and threw his hands around Sam. "Thank you," He mumbled, and ran a hand through Sammy's hair. Sam flushed, before clicking the door shut. He put a finger to his lips, and Castiel nodded.
It wasn't until Castiel brought a hand up to turn Dean's chin to the side that he realised how long and
how the hell was Dean supposed to control himself?
"My ego? She called me a mutt, Cas. A fuckin' mutt." Dean grumbled.
"I deleted those ages ago, Cas, I promise." Dean whispered, and ran a hand through Castiel's hair.
And the weight of Dean's words dragged Castiel down, as if he were abandoned in the middle of the sea with an anchor tied to his waist.
"This used to be my mom's old engagement ring. I found it in dad's stuff when I was around six. Asked him if I could have it. He was a much more decent man back then, so he said yes, and got me a chain for it too, until it fit into my finger," Dean paused, and his glassy eyes studied Castiel, "—it's not a big deal, Cas. It's not like an engagement thing or whatever, but I want you to have it. Like a promise that I'll never leave."
he was supposed to be strong for Castiel, he was supposed to protect him, keep him safe, keep him happy, and here he was, crying into Castiel's lap.
, Dean should've had better self control. All he could think of was those eyes looking up at him with those plump, thick lips wrapped around his cock. God, fucking the boy's face would feel
"Yeah?"
how ready Castiel was. As they continued sucking at each other's lips, Castiel felt Dean lay him back down on the bed as his lips coaxed Castiel's. Castiel slipped him tongue, and felt Dean's cock twitch at Castiel's thigh, pulling an unbidden chuckle out of him. Dean simply stopped and stared down at Castiel with light amusement.
Castiel paced against Mr. Singer's door at exactly 3.30 PM, moments after the school bell had rung, and signalled the end of school hours. Meg was leaning back against the wall next to him with her earphones in, and she was mouthing along to a song. Mr. Singer had asked Castiel to bring along everyone who wanted to be in on this initiative, and frankly, until recess, the only two people on the team were Meg and Castiel. Then Dean joined in, and shyly, Benny did too. So now, the two of them were waiting for Benny and Dean to show up.
"Let's eat hamburgers. I love hamburgers," Castiel mused, and felt Dean's hand slip into his on Castiel's thigh.
Benny had acquiesced. All that was left was to see how long Benny would keep his fat lips shut for.
Footsteps pattered down the staircase, and Dean knew at once who it was. It was his father, and at once, Dean's cheery demeanor dissolved into nothing as he broke a few eggs onto the pan, watching them sizzle.
Damn it, he thought, it's all his fault for roaming around in those obscene little things. Hmph, did you see the size of them? Castiel could have worn a loincloth for all it's worth and it would have been more modest.
"What is it?" He asked, his voice low and timid.
"Thank you."
Dean's apple-green eyes stared into Castiel's, a strange maturity in them, one he'd seen in the eyes of quite a few adults, but rarely any teenagers.
, snorted, fucking
Castiel, of knowing that nothing could ever tear them apart, nothing.
"I'm sorry," Dean muttered against his ear, before pulling away, and Castiel realised his arms still clung to Dean's neck.
Their eyes met, and Castiel held Dean's gaze, mouth faltering open as he sucked in a breath. Inch by inch, Dean pushed his cock inside, watching how Castiel's hole dilated around it, before meeting Castiel's hazy eyes again. The boy threw his arms around Dean's shoulders and pulled him in, burying his face in the crook of Dean's neck as he trembled. Soft, pained whimpers pressed into Dean's skin, and he reached a hand up to rub it over the boy's back, pressing his lips to Castiel's cheek as he shushed him softly.
"Why wouldn't I, Cas?" Dean's eyes softened, and a peculiar warmth seeped into his pupils as he stared down at Castiel. His nimble fingers brushed a strand of hair away from Castiel's forehead, and Castiel let himself lean into the touch. "—Cas, look, I can't begin to explain how much I want you in my life. And I'm gonna' fight tooth and nail to make sure you are. I see myself with you, ten, twenty, thirty, fifty years from now, and I still don't think I'll love you any less. But only if you're willing to be there too."
grin on his face, and Castiel rolled his eyes. Castiel flipped his workbook shut, and set it aside, instead watching as Dean brought a cigarette up to his lips, and tried to light the end with a small, green lighter.
Bobby smiled at that, a strange, wistful smile— as if he'd seen it, felt it somewhere before.
, Castiel thought as he let himself be chased into another soft, heavy, but ferocious kiss. A few seconds later they parted, gasping for breath, when Castiel crumpled the front of Dean's grey threadbare t-shirt in his hands.
"Hey Cas?"
Really.
willingly give their notes away to
"N-no, I mean, no, let's keep them on." Castiel buried his face against a pillow, and Dean held back a chuckle at how he could
Sighing, he sunk back on his bed, and turned over to face the wall. His eyes roamed across the small scratch marks on the wall. He remembered leaving them the night before, when Benny had driven him home. It was one of the few moments Benny had left Castiel to himself, he'd gone down to fetch Castiel a bottle of water. Castiel had wanted to claw at something, to break, smash, rip something apart. He felt anger, more than anything, and he wanted to take it out on something. But then again, his room was nothing but a glorified white prison, with almost nothing that belonged to him. Scratching at the plaster, clawing at it until his fingers went sore— it was all Castiel had done to vent his anger. Observant as he may have been, Dean hadn't noticed the scratch marks, and Castiel was thankful for it.
Dean had told Castiel with a frown. As they walked down to their homeroom, Anna was rambling on about a new movie that was out in the theatres, and Meg and she discussed about watching it together. Dean on the other hand, simply slung an arm around Castiel's shoulder and pulled him close.
"Dean?"
"Are you sure?" Castiel asked, to no one in particular.
News spread as quick as lightning through Lawrence High about Alastair Knight and Dean Winchester's clash at Benny's party on Friday night. The news owed its spread to the amount of Dean and Alastair's classmates who had witnessed the fight themselves. When Dean showed up at school on Monday morning, he noted the look of utter awe and respect in the eyes of his classmates. It was no secret that Alastair had been a trouble to almost everyone in the class, and putting him down, doing what nobody else had been able to do for the past few years, especially by someone Alastair once considered a
"You mean the man who came on my face not ten minutes ago?"
"I have a bedroom, by the way," The boy chimed after a few minutes of silence, "-I want to ride your cock. And I want you to keep coming inside me, keep filling me up with your come until I can see it through my stomach."
, before sinking in to the very hilt, until he couldn't reach any deeper. Castiel's shirt was soaked with sweat as it pooled around his shoulder, and his tiny cocklet trapped within the confines of the orange panties was leaking with pre-come
Castiel let him for a moment.
"You're gonna' re-do my work. And I'm gonna' be watching you, smartass, so don't try bein' a bitch again."
Sighing, Castiel rubbed his hands across his face, and always wiped away a few tears pooling at his eyes, before clapping his hands on his thighs and getting up. He walked out of Dean's bedroom, and found Sam seated at the table in the kitchen, munching away at a bowl of cereal. The moment he saw Castiel, Sam broke into a grin, and Castiel smiled back.
"I like that attitude, boy." Michael laughed, and his eyes wandered over to Castiel. "Castiel, pour me a scotch, please."
over and over again as he felt his orgasm rip through his cock and splatter across both of their stomachs. But Dean didn't stop, he simply kept at it with a fast pace, until at last, he dropped his head against Castiel's and let out a groan.
Although dejected and hesitant, Castiel nodded, and Dean heard him hitch a breath.
"Alastair had hacked Dean's Instagram. He told me himself. He said Winchester was too dumb to ever figure it out. I wanted to tell you, Dean, I swear I did, but Alastair kept blackmailing me. He asked me to do his school work for the whole year, or he'd leak my nudes on the internet." Tears laced Anna's words.
"Is there anything else, Cas? Please, no more secrets, okay?"
"God, I love you—" Dean groaned, and pulled his thumb out, only to wrap his hand around the side of his fat, throbbing cock, and guide it to Castiel's fluttering, pink hole. He spat down on Castiel's taint, and watched it drip down to his tight pucker, before spreading it around with the tip of his cock— causing obscene, disgustingly perverted squelches to echo through the air. Castiel rocked back on Dean's cock, needy cockslut that he was, and Dean pressed the fleshy, fat tip of his cock inside, and let his hand fall away.
"Can I touch you, Cas? Down here?"
Dean cleared his throat, and adjusted his blazer. He threw a glance at Castiel, who— well, he looked like an absolute trainwreck. And too goddamn sexy, with his wild hair, pink face, swollen lips and hooded eyes.
"O-oh," Castiel stuttered, a bit flustered, "-I'm sorry, I, I just sort of, got lost in my thoughts..."
"Yeah?" Dean prompted, and Castiel cowered against the door, sinking into his shoulders as he realised his mistake.
"Alright Dean, my son thinks you know more about cars— classic and general, than I do. And I can't let him think that. How about we go trivia and I can prove him wrong?"
only to have Michael cut in. "You're kidding me."
"Of course. And you too, thank you so much for telling me your story, Meg. I just, I feel much better now, knowing I'm not alone."
"Look what I made," He laughed, as he led Dean into the living room. Dean followed after him, making sure the front door was shut, before they reached into the living room, only to find—
Dean stepped away, pulling his knife away from the boy's throat, when at once, the boy kicked him in the gut, which had Dean faltering back, as the boy scampered to find something, and at last, settled for—
A beat passed.
Before Castiel had time to respond, Dean pulled his cock out and stepped away. He grabbed his husband by the neck and yanked him up, forcing him to look Dean in the eye.
But Michael turned around and walked away. Not saying a single word. He seemed traumatised, to say the least.
"I'm fine," Castiel sighed, but there was another set of hands on his body, tugging at the top buttons of his button-up. It was Benny, who was trying to pop open Castiel's shirt.
Castiel's smile vanished. His hand fell away from Dean's face, and he turned back to his book. The air between them changed, more distant now, and Dean found it difficult to pierce the thick silence between them. It was as if he was with Castiel, but wasn't at the same time. As if he knew what Castiel wanted to say, and yet, he could never figure out what Castiel was. They were sitting right next to each other, and yet, Castiel felt miles and miles away from Dean.
It was this realisation that gave Dean a much-needed reality check.
"I called you eighteen times, and you didn't answer. I couldn't wait, I didn't want to wait. I— I couldn't let you go." Castiel's voice went softer, "—You're all I have, Dean."
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut, feeling the familiar stretch of a thick, fat cock splitting him open.
Dean helped himself up to his feet with Castiel by his side, and they walked down to the library to grab their books. Dean couldn't stop staring at Castiel, who blabbered on about his new study schedule, because somehow, even the most trifling thing became significant to Dean when Castiel spoke about it. It was in one of the corridors outside the library that Castiel paused abruptly, and when Dean finally looked away from him—
Oh. So that's why he was nervous. Because he thought Dean would humiliate him again.
A cold laugh slipped past Dean's lips as he trudged towards Benny. Something had changed in the air between them, Dean could feel it. Dean's legs were heavy, and he picked up feet after feet as he cornered Benny against a wall, watching as the colour seeped out of his eyes, now replaced with a grey overcast of fear.
Without a word, Castiel rose up to his feet, and pressed his lips on to Dean's, swirling around the salty taste of Dean's cock in their mouths, and Dean took the chance to claw his shirt off. Both, Castiel's jacket and button-up lay in a puddle on the ground, and Dean pulled away to sink his teeth into his taut, smooth shoulders, branding every inch of his skin as he led the younger man to his desk.
With every word, Castiel's face dropped. Dean had said what he'd done to Alastair had been bad— but this bad? Castiel only prayed Dean wouldn't get into trouble over any of it. God, why did Dean have to be so harsh— what if he'd hurt himself? It was three against one after all. But with how proud Meg seemed of Dean, perhaps Alastair deserved all of it, and more.
"I've marked all the questions which are most probable to be asked in the test tomorrow. It's a hour-long quiz, which means you will have at least three to four long questions, and at least fifteen objective questions. You should be able to score a good grade if you study these. Okay?"
slippery," Dean laughed, fucking laughed in Castiel's face and Castiel almost wanted to spit on him, absolutely repulsed by how disgusting Dean was.
Every inch of Castiel's ass wanted to swallow Dean up inside. If he felt so good with a condom, god, he would feel heavenly without one. The thought made Castiel horny and sad at the same time, but he pushed it away when Dean gave a particularly sharp thrust, and leaned down to kiss Castiel. But instead, Dean whispered, "—Michael's here, watching from the door, don't look, keep moaning baby, you're doing so good."
"Oh?" Castiel hummed, resting his chin on his hand, "—is that so? What did you put in them?"
"I won't hurt you. If you listen to me, I won't. Clear?"
"I just—"
"You're a strong boy, Cas. And you've got the brightest future ahead of you. So please, don't let it hinder your future in anyway. I know it can be,
"Dean."
"Good, good. I'm surprised you showed up alone, though, I thought youd'a come with Dean."
Castiel watched as Dean's face softened, and he looked up at Castiel with guilty, incredulous eyes. Castiel turned his gaze down, letting the burden of Meg's words settle in his chest. The mere thought of trusting someone, devoting yourself to someone, hoping they'd protect you, that they'd take care of you, only for them to hurt you so ruthlessly— it made him sick to the stomach.
"Be a shame if someone on the faculty were to find out that their star student of the year is a whore, wouldn't it?"
"Oh," Castiel mumbled, "—I'm sorry."
of it boils your blood, Benjamin?"
, did he look
"Castiel, I— how are you?"
"I'm sure Lawrence High will utilize his intelligence to the best," Naomi said.
"Just roughening him up. Stole some cash off the fag." It was obviously a lie, and Castiel realised sooner than he liked, that hanging out with Castiel was
"Are you feeling better? Did you take the meds? And lunch, did you have lunch? The doctor said you need to eat at least one meal before consuming the meds, so don't you dare skip out. Or I'll have to come over and shove it down your throat—"
"I just want to know what you're thinking."
"Michael cheated on me," Castiel started, "—he's the most boring person I've ever met, and I still did everything I could for him. And that bastard cheated on me. Caught him making out with a freshman. He hates you, and I hate him. And I want him to feel what I felt, just a hundred times worse."
There was a lingering feeling of dread and fear nagging at Castiel, and he knew he was eating up Mr. Singer's time, he knew he was disrespecting him by staying silent, but he couldn't form a thought, he couldn't think of anything coherent to begin with, and it was making him jumpy and touchy. All he wanted to do was go home and crawl into bed.
With one, final smile, he slipped into the driver's seat, and started the ignition, letting his Baby roar under him and fall into a steady purr as he pulled out of Benny's driveway.
?" Dean asked, as he snatched the spoon of ice-cream Castiel was going to eat and ate it instead (Castiel kicked him in the gut).
"Erm, now, in a while, I mean."
Silence washed over the room. A beat passed. "You're not still mad at me, are you, Dean?"
wanted to do?" Castiel snapped away from Naomi, feeling his brows knit together as he glared down at her. Her wide, incredulous eyes wandered across Castiel's face. Before she could say anything however, or for that matter, before Castiel could continue, Michael had rushed into the corridor, eyes trailing over Castiel and Naomi as he studied them.
"You, Dean."
And it didn't seem like Castiel was stopping any time soon.
Benny beamed at him, clapping him roughly on the shoulder with a whistle, "-I'm so pro—"
Every slight shift, every minute movement would send the plug shuffling, and the come inside him sloshing around. It was wet, his thighs were crusted with dry come, and his hole was a puffy, swollen red, and yet, Dean had instructed him to not make a single refute.
He did not respond.
Castiel turned his face up, their noses brushing in the slightest as his plump, pink lips hovered across Dean's, and his minty, warm breath tingled Dean's skin. "I don't want you to, Dean."
The uninvited touch of rough, disgusting hands roaming down his body.
"They raped Cas, Bobby."
"You're perfect," Anna popped in, "—I mean, you're kind, you're bold, you're accepting, and people can open up to you since you've been a victim before. You're
"And what is this request?" Mrs. Berry asked in turn.
"That," Castiel gulped, fidgeting with the hem of his shirt, "-that I have to do it for you again?"
, he fished his phone out of his pocket, and shot Dean a text.
"Then," Benny grinned, "-you just gotta' put it out there to see what happens. Don't hold back. Tell him you like him, or
"Why are you doing this? Look, obviously you wanna' put on a show, I get it. But you gotta' tell me the whole script if you want my A-1 performance. Now, shoot."
Castiel grazed his fingers against the marble-tiled wall of the vacant, sunlit men's bathroom, and shut the door behind him with a soft click, before slipping into the farthest stall and shutting himself in. He fished his phone out of his pocket and tapped on the round, heart-shaped icon on the homescreen.
"Shh— Dean, hey, it's okay, it's okay, kid, talk to me, please, just stop— stop crying and talk to me, okay?"
Between them settled a silence, a distance— a solid, but invisible wall separating them, keeping them apart, and Dean wanted to bulldoze through the wall, pull Castiel close and claim him as his
Dean smiled, and Castiel held his hand out. Castiel watched as Dean slipped the ring on his finger, and Castiel stared at it, before turning to face a blushing Dean. "It looks cute on your finger."
A shudder wracked Dean from the top of his head to the tip of his toe, and he swallowed tightly, feeling his cock twitch with arousal and anticipation.
person Castiel had ever seen. He sat on Castiel's seat with his feet propped up on the table, and Castiel found himself cowering slightly behind Dean, reaching almost absently for his arm. Alastair had never sat right with Castiel. In fact, Castiel suspected Alastair had even molested plenty of girls at school, but he'd threatened them too much to ever let them complain. His crooked smile, his hungry, blood-thirsty eyes, and his thin, yet towering build had always caused Castiel to go mum before him. The few times Castiel had been compelled to work with Alastair, the boy had turned Castiel's life into a living nightmare, by always groping his butt, gripping his jaw too tightly, and twisting his arms.
"Stop calling me kid," Castiel pouted with a
Dean didn't look up at him.
"No, riding a dildo."
And there it was again, the feeling of being the only person in the world— at least to Dean. The way Dean looked at him, with determination, with pride, with unwavering attention— it unfurled a deluge of emotions inside Castiel.
Friday was alright, Castiel wasn't lagging behind at school, thanks to Dean's regular updates and tutoring (as wild as it sounded, Dean had taught Castiel three new chapters for a few subjects over the course of three days). Of course, since their classmates had caught wind of their
It was Castiel, but his voice was distant and distorted, as if he was away from his cellphone.
"Please what?"
Dean raised his eyebrow at that. "I don't want to hide it. I want everyone to know you're mine. See," He brought his finger down to a round, purple mark on Castiel's neck— a hickey he'd left on Cas when they were making out in the shower, "-that's my brand right there, don't want anyone putting their hands on what's mine."
"I'm home, Cas," Dean whispered in his ear, and Castiel sent him a half-hearted smile, eyes still fixed on the screen in front of him where 3D knights were being butchered to death. Dean rolled his eyes and pulled away, considering showering, but his eyes dropped down to where the thin fabric of the panties had slipped between Castiel's ass. With a gulp, Dean tore his eyes away and sucked in a deep breath. Castiel was busy. He was playing a video game. Dean would have to keep the sex for later.
cook for him, always tugged at his heart. And Dean went about cooking so effortlessly, humming and mumbling Zeppelin as he whisked the pancake batter, even utter silence between them had become comforting.
Dean stood frozen, rooted to the ground, simply watching, listening— as Castiel sniffled and hiccuped, and cried into his hands.
"When I get you alone, I'm not going to hold myself back, Cas."
And somehow, as mundane as they were, Dean's words brought Castiel comfort.
"I will Bobby. I'll be a better man for Cas."
"A dick?" Dean snorted.
good, if you asked him. It clung to his skin and accentuated each curve of his muscle. And boy, did Dean have muscle. Every day spent under the hood of a car, working away in grease and sweat, every evening spent practicing football at school, Dean had grown lean and taut. To match with the shirt, Bobby had lent Dean a pair of neatly-pressed grey slacks, which apparently, belonged to Bobby in his youth. They fit Dean, and complemented the shirt well.
Castiel gasped, his face red and sweaty, and
"Don't you dare call Zeppelin gay, I'll beat the shit out of you."
Castiel faltered, and for
"And when have you been around enough to actually see how hard he works?"
The woman snapped around, and Castiel's eyes widened as he drank in the form of Meg Masters, one of his notorious, rebellious classmates. He wondered why she was here though, since she and Castiel barely even had converging social circles. She had always kept her distance from Castiel, and Castiel had kept his distance from her, also partly because she had been Alastair's girlfriend throughout junior year.
He couldn't wait any longer, as he imagined himself thrusting into a particularly naked Castiel, who held onto a pillow under his face, biting his lip and jerking with every thrust, letting out the sweetest moans as Dean thrust, harder and harder, and with a loud groan of
"You're hard for me, aren't you, boss?" Castiel whispered, and Dean pushed his ass down harder on his cock, but Castiel simply moaned. "You want to fuck me? Put your cock inside my hole and come in me as much as you can, get me all nice and sticky and wet with your come— you want that, boss?"
The crowd seemed to have moulded itself around the two of them, and Dean brought his hand down to his face to take a sip of whatever was in his cup. Judging by how he barely winced, it must have been the diluted beer.
Nick and Gordon had paused in their tracks the moment Alastair had held a hand up.
"Cas," He whispered, and dropped his head against Castiel's shoulder. Castiel sighed, but made no effort to move, "-I'm booooreddd—"
"I can't believe it's
the most delectable pair of plump, pink lips. Absently, Dean paused behind the chair, and cautiously reached down to brush his finger against Castiel's lips.
, Dean sighed, and rubbed a hand over his face,
"Well, I was horny. I think that counts as a family emergency."
Dean could tell.
"Have you ever—" The words caught stuck in his throat, "—have you ever seen—" A sigh slipped past Dean's lips as he turned his eyes away, "—have you ever seen the person you love just, just completely break apart in your hands? And you try to say something, try to do something, but there's nothing you can do to put them together again."
"Jesus Christ—" Dean grumbled, as Castiel rolled his hips over the bulge in Dean's trousers. Dean groaned, and felt Castiel's mouth devour every inch of his neck as he rocked in Dean's lap. Dean snaked a hand under Castiel's undone uniform, and felt Castiel shiver at the touch. "God, I can't believe we have to wait till Sunday—"
"Novak, loosen up a bit," Victory slurred out, and tugged at the tie on Castiel's neck. Castiel seemed to be taken aback, and tried to push Victor away, but with both of their co-ordination damaged by the alcohol, it became more of Castiel holding Victor by the hand.
Castiel laughed against Dean's lips— a soft, warm laugh that shook Dean down to his very bones, and he pulled Castiel into another kiss.
"So, you're not going to help us."
The thought of it had bile rising at the back of Castiel's throat.
Maybe it was because the tears already lingered at his eyes and the laugh had triggered them, but Dean felt his face dampen with a stream of tears pouring down his face, and he reached up to wipe them away on the back of his face.
"God, you should see the way I see you, baby— you're— I've never seen anything so beautiful before, heck, I feel like I'm not even worthy enough to look at you. You're an angel, Cas,
Pink, lacy panties greeted Dean's eyes, perched on a round, peachy ass Dean would give anything to sink into. His teeth, his fingers, his tongue, his cock— Dean would ravage every inch of the boy's juicy ass if he could. Dean couldn't even tell if the boy really
"Yes, precisely." Castiel laughed, and turned around to face Dean. Still basking in the high of their orgasms, Castiel smiled, and pressed a kiss to Dean's nose before erupting into a chuckle.
All these words, all these things he'd been bottling up for the past seventeen years— sure, they were merely the tip of the iceberg, but even then, saying them out loud allowed a pang of complete, absolute freedom to course through him. And now that he had nothing to be afraid of, he stuffed his hands in his pocket, and made his way down the neighborhood. Of course, Dean lived about twenty minutes away in a different locality, but Castiel didn't care. As long as it would take, he would go. Even if it took him all night, Castiel would make sure to reach Dean. Because he had to apologize. He had to set things right. He had to hold onto Dean.
"Dean?"
one this time— simply teasing. He pushed his pants down, and adjusted the lacy, blue panties he was wearing until they sat snug against the curve of his plump, ripe ass. He raised his hips in the air, with his legs spread apart, as if presenting himself, and positioning his hand in the air, he managed to click a picture that showed the delicious swell of his ass, and gave a splendid view of the arc of his back, and paired with the bright, blue of the panties, the picture was great, considering it had been simply experimental. Castiel turned onto his back and laid down on the pillow, holding his phone up as he opened up OnlyPics, and attached the image in a post with the caption,
"Inside me, daddy, I want your come inside my cunt—" Castiel cried out, and bounced his ass back on Dean's cock, taking it in deep— as deep as he could, like a cock-hungry whore, and Dean pounded him, no mercy at all, as he watched Castiel squeeze the couch, and whine, his delicious, breathy moans and his soft, needy cries filling the air as Dean fucked into his tiny, puffy red hole, before jerking inside him, and slamming in. His orgasm struck him at once, and Dean held onto Castiel's waist as he came in thick, hot, white splurts, and flooded Castiel's inside with his seed.
With a loud, haughty laugh, Dean stepped back to admire his work.
"Is this what the rest of you are alright with?" Bobby asked, and held the drawing up. Castiel studied it for a few seconds and nodded, while Benny snorted at Dean's drawing. "Alright then," Bobby added, and set the page down on his desk. "Let's get to work, okay? Start from step one, and let me know if anything goes wrong or if you need help."
The ache in his jaw. The burn between his thighs, where each one of them had so ruthlessly defiled him. The stickiness of the blood between his legs.
"I'm sorry you had to find out like this."
"I'm gonna' miss you at school."
"God," Dean gasped as he pulled away for breath, dark, wild eyes staring up at Castiel, "—I can't believe you're real."
"Do you consider Led Zeppelin as
. Really, he was
"You step a foot out of this house, Castiel, and I'm going to consider you dead to me."
But his self-esteem crumbled the moment he spotted Dean, sitting on the desk right behind Castiel. Castiel's smile vanished, replaced with a frown, and he trotted over to his desk, trying not to pay Dean any heed as he settled down with his books. Dean seemed to be engrossed with his own affairs though, as a girl, Lisa? Lisa Braden, maybe, sat in his lap, playing with his hair. Her uniform was unbuttoned at the top, giving a clear view of her huge, C-cupped tits, and Castiel smirked to himself. Whatever. He wasn't the one trying to hide a boner on Friday after looking at a twink in panties, was he now?
Quietly, the class shuffled out of the classroom, dispersing into the corridors until Castiel was the only one left. Dean waited back for him. He walked over to Castiel's desk, and without a word, pulled the boy in for a hug.
