“Oh, that.” John raised his eyebrows. “It’s just a far-fetched horror film with impressive special effects and a mildly interesting storyline.” A faint smile appeared on his face for a moment. “About a girl with supernatural powers who was killed at the bottom of a well, but nevertheless continued to terrorise everyone, via television screens. Her name is Samara.” He cleared his throat awkwardly.
That would do. John jerked it off the wall and rammed it into the door with all his might, managing to smash it open in one go.
“Unless I was a traitor. A mole who worked from the inside.” She almost seemed cheerful at the idea. “And you came here to see me about how I sabotaged the mission in Tbilisi myself.”
Greg then turned to Sherlock, who was now sitting up respectably on the sofa next to John, and he frowned, incredulous. “Wait, are you
Such a chasm was bound to have an effect on the whole family, though, John would think. But their parents behaved in a friendly and normal enough way towards both of them.
The lube glistened in the faint light of the bedside lamp as Sherlock switched to counter-clockwise circles and back – obviously enjoying the sensation, seeing as his eyes were sensually half-closed and his breathing was becoming increasingly heavy.
John pushed his lower lip forward, feigning indifference, as he said, “I just wanted to make sure she’d stop ogling my boyfriend all the time.
Once they were inside his room, Sherlock took the initiative to go in for another kiss while simultaneously undoing first John’s fly, and then his own. They stepped apart for a moment to take off trousers, shoes and socks, both breathing as if they’d just chased a murder suspect across London.
Inside was a flat, see-through zip-lock bag with what seemed to be two British passports and a curious little round ball of crumpled up masking tape, about an inch across.
But that was precisely what made it so scary. He’d become so accustomed to such strange norms of interaction between people – what with him having first lived with an eccentric, emotion-blind, wildly intelligent sociopath and then with a cruel, selfish, sassy psychopath – that he just couldn’t tell what was supposed to be normal anymore.
When John didn’t say anything, he went on, in a bored voice, “Just a regular accident, John. I had nothing to do with it.”
“A girl on a plane?” John said. “I had a dream about a girl on a plane. I dreamed she was all alone and everybody else on the plane was asleep. Although it then ended up being a metaphor for something… I think. According to someone in the dream. I can’t remember. All I know is it was rather unsettling. A proper nightmare. Although it seemed so real.” He thought for a minute. “So apparently,” he said, “my brain made all that up because I heard you talk to a real girl on a plane over the phone?”
“God, Sherlock I don’t know, I’m honestly kind of afraid… you know, of hurting you. I wouldn’t want that.”
Without hesitation, John put down his paper and headed for the stairs. A moment later, Sherlock followed behind him.
Chloe pointed a little chubby finger in the direction of her mother’s vaguely smiling face on the passport photo. “Da,” she said, flatly.
(John still wasn’t sure about the nature of Sherlock’s own sex life, or absence thereof. Not that it mattered
But it was as if earth’s gravity had suddenly become stronger. The bed pulled him back down like a magnet.
involving him was even riskier, as he was sure to sense something was off, seeing as he knew them all so well.
John had always wondered what it would be like to give a blowjob – although not in the sense that he’d ever actually
at all that we missed, it might definitely speed things up for us here, you know, seeing as we haven’t got, well, a single lead.” He dragged a hand over his mouth, cursing inwardly, once again, at how the day had gone. He needed a pint, more than anything. And he would definitely get one as soon as he was done at Baker Street. “So if you could make it quick, that would be greatly appreciated,” he said with a sigh.
The morgue scene, but with a different ending than we were shown. I’m sure this is what really happened.
“Really? You’re accepting a gift from Mycroft? Just like that?” John scoffed, smirking. “What’s next? A knighthood?”
“We do,” John confirmed. Still, he knew beyond any doubt that he was in a better place than he’d ever been and he dared say the same thing was true for Sherlock. He and Greg stood there in silence for another bit, until John said, “Sometimes you just won’t understand each other, and maybe on some levels you never will, but that doesn’t mean you can’t love each other and be perfectly happy together.”
something. He urgently wanted to feel John, touch him, taste him, anything, everything. John’s groin was very near Sherlock’s head and Sherlock longed to do the same thing back at him, simultaneously, but John’s prick was just out of reach.
Also, last year, Sherlock had spent weeks organising John’s wedding at the cost of his own work, like it was the most natural thing in the world to drop everything in order to help John. Not to mention he’d previously jumped off a bloody building, risking his own life to save John’s. He’d spent two years under mostly ghastly circumstances, disabling Moriarty’s network to safeguard other people’s lives.
Shortly after the sound of the doorbell, Lestrade’s team came bounding up the stairs and swarmed all over the apartment, taping off their bedroom as a crime scene.
John had decided to come here again straight after work, in spite of Sherlock’s aloof behaviour the previous evening.
Sherlock climbed down to show him and Moore the picture. “This window was forced weeks ago. There’s fungus growing on the surface of the markings.”
Wouldn’t it be nice if Mycroft sent John to check on him, he mused. Technically, they weren’t supposed to talk to each other just yet, but
John hugged Sherlock a fraction tighter, desperately trying not to grind into his thigh. He only wriggled his hips a bit to accommodate his erection, but it woke Sherlock up all the same.
Just then, Sherlock spotted the two of them coming in. The waiter seated them at a table near the window, directly in Sherlock's line of view, as had been pre-arranged.
“It was. God, I love you,” John replied, pressing another kiss to Sherlock’s temple. “I’m sorry,” he smiled, “I can’t seem to stop saying it all of a sudden.”
And it worked, to an extent. Two fingers were obviously a tighter fit than one, and John surrendered to the new, invasive sensation completely. He threw his head back, clearly overwhelmed, stammering Sherlock’s name and things like ‘oh yes’, ‘yes please’ and ‘oh god’.
“Unbutton your shirt,” John hissed while unfastening Sherlock’s trousers, “unless you want to see buttons flying across the room as I rip it from your body.”
While waiting for the kettle to boil, John lit the fire in the living room. It was an exceptionally chilly summer’s day, and John had rightfully guessed that Sherlock reaching for his dressing gown had nothing to do with the latest fashion.
Sherlock had explained that Rosie had been staying at Sherlock’s parents’ house, with a female MI5 agent looking after her who was also an old friend of Sherlock’s. (At the time, John had wondered whether ‘old friend’ might mean ‘ex-lover’, but now he was glad to know it didn’t.)
,” he murmured, turning back to Sherlock. “There must have been one or two brain cells of yours still functioning then, more than I’d given you credit for in the sorry state you’re in. Or was it your
The hug they’d shared on the tarmac had been the most overwhelmingly painful moment in John’s life – which was saying something, after having supposedly lost Sherlock to death twice before, already.
. And now I’m all alone once more.” She looked at John indifferently. “It’s a pity he’s not dead, but the end result is the same. You lost him. You didn’t take your chance when it was there and now you probably never will. What reason do you have? You’re just hardwired to not ever confess your silly little feelings to one another, or act upon them. Because you’re pathetic. That’s what you are. To be honest, I don’t know why my brother was so obsessed with you. You’re boring. What a waste it was to spend my energy on you.”
"absolutely not, I don't need it, I'm perfectly fine" he looks me dead in the eye, I can see tears and all the emotions. Pain, hurt, sadness, worry, sorrow, love.
John lightly grabs Sherlock's chin and looks into his eyes "you are bloody brilliant. I would never leave, you hear me? Never. You are my brilliant, gorgeous detective." John says before kissing Sherlock.
John smirks as he takes off their clothing with skilled hands. He kisses down Sherlock's neck to his collarbone.
"I love you Sherlock Holmes." John cuts me off with a kiss. I of course kiss back. He breaks the kiss sitting back down so we can talk.
No, this is something more, Sherlock won't come out of his room, won't talk to John or anyone for that matter, and John swears he hears strange noises that sound...erotic. But surly it's not what it sounds like, I mean this is Sherlock.
When Sherlock is in heat he locks himself in his room, he use to get high and find a junkie to shag him through it. But Sherlock got clean and now he's fallen for John; he doesn't want anyone besides John.
"Sherlock..." He breathes in shock, I try to pull my arm away but he keeps a firm grasp on my hand. He pulls me into the bathroom and tells me to sit on the edge of the tub, and I do. He leaves and comes back a second later with a first aid kit.
See in this society nekos are treated like toys; they are pets. They do nothing more than serve their owner. You can walk down the street and see a human beat a neko and no one will bat an eye.
"Why?" John asks sadly. It's my turn to sigh "I wanted the pain to go away" I whisper without meaning to.
"This is your room. This is a basic schedule we drew up for you, we can move a few things around to accommodate your needs."
"Sherlock, your eyes are red and puffy, and your voice just cracked, I know you were crying. I'm always here for you and I will always be here for you."
I shake my head and I curl up into my bed. It's been lights out for about an hour now and I still can't sleep.
"I said we," he says while pointing to himself then to Mycroft who's standing a few feet away, "have to go. The doctor's waiting," -he points to the doctor standing in a doorway-,"but I'll call everyday," he finishes.
"Gregory, John, mind if I have a minute alone with my brother?" Mycroft asks, they nod and leave. Mycroft sits next to me. I roll my eyes as he looks at me with pure sadness.
So sorry I haven't updated in forever. I got writers block for this story. But I hope you enjoyed this chapter : 3
I look up from my phone "sure, but I'm not hungry." John looked at me worriedly "Sherlock, you have not eaten in 5 days, you need to eat, please, for me." I bite my lip
Sherlock has become very good at flattening his ears and hiding them in his curls, he wraps his tail around his waist or leg. Sherlock is good at hiding who he is.
John looks up at me "what pain?" I look down "I....I just want my depression to go away...." I tear up.
John angles himself so he hits Sherlock's prostate with every thust. "Oh god, John, yes! Oh fuck, right there! Oh, oh fuck, yes, I'm so close!" Sherlock cries out.
"Come on sherly, just one cut will make it better. Don't be such a pussy, you pathetic price of shit!"
I returned with two bags, one with a movie and one with food. I handed Sherlock the food while I put the movie in. I sat down and took the sweet and sour pork. I ate silently while we watched the movie.
I repeat this until my lower arm is covered in deep cuts. I watch the blood flow from my wrist, when I start to feel dizzy, I sanitize the cuts then bandage them up and put the blade away. I focus on the physical pain rather than the emotional pain.
John pins Sherlock to the bed and whispers in his ear "my beautiful boy, such a good kitten" Sherlock shivers feeling John's words to his very core.
Sherlock was lucky he was born into a rich family otherwise he'd been sold off. Sherlock's parents are human, so is Mycroft.
I'm sitting on my bed shirtless, feeling insecure as John changes my bandages. Once he was done he looks over my torso. I try to cover up but he stops me. Looking over all my scars he says
I listen to Sherlock as he talks, I can't believe someone as beautiful and brilliant as Sherlock could think so lowly of himself. I would have never guessed, I mean I knew he got picked on by some people from the Scotland Yard, and probably when he was in school too, but he's always so full of himself, so cocky...
"This is where group therapy is held, over there-" she points to a open room towards the right. "Is the activity room, along with the cafeteria."
"You are not fine, this is your fourth attempt, Sherlock! Someone who's fine would not attempt suicide once, let alone four times! You have people who care about you, people who love you. And believe it or not, I am not of those people. You are my little brother, Sherlock, I do love you."
"I'm so sorry Sherlock, I'm here now, you have me and I'm not going anywhere" John whispers as he hugs me, I can't help it and I let some tears fall.
"Tea, do you want some? I'm gonna make some tea" I try changing the subject as I turn to go to the kitchen. He grabs my wrist and I cringe in pain. He looks at me confused, I go to move my arm away but before I can, he pulls up my sleeve.
I inaudibly sigh. About half way through the movie my back starts to ache from sitting in the same position, so I naturally laid down. It wasn't until John started playing with my curls that I realized that my head was in his lap.
She asks happily handing him a small menu. He really isn't hungry but he doesn't feel like fighting this right now. He points to a random pasta dish.
About half way through the movie Sherlock lays down, so I start playing with his curls. I don't know why his head is in my lap, but I'm not going to question it. "I'm sorry, I can move it you're uncomfortable with this." Sherlock says and I chuckle "It's fine Sherlock, I dont have a problem with this"
John steps in front of Sherlock. John has the perfect view of Sherlock's soft black ears. "You have ears..." John states lamely.
"Sherlock, are...are you high?" I look away not answering. John grabs my face and makes me look at him "answer me!" He says angrily.
Soon John adds a second finger, scissoring, stretching Sherlock open. Finally John adds the third finger, once John rubs that bundle of nerves Sherlock is a withering mess.
Sherlock knows this is it, John saw his ears and now he's gonna loose John forever. He knows this but that's not what he can think about, all he can truly think about is John, that rough, husky voice, John shagging him though his heat.
John reaches over and grabs the lube. He places one lubed finger at Sherlock's hole. Slowly he pushes it in. Sherlock pushes back on the thrusting digit letting out a moan.
The voice screams, I pick up my blade from the spot in my dresser. I take off my shirt and look in the mirror. I have scars and cuts all over my arms and stomach. I take off my trousers and pants, so I'm now naked.
John blushed slightly he's blushing? But why? "I like romcoms every now and again, we can get a different kind of movie if you want."
I lick my lips and look down at his lips. When I look back up to his eyes I see worry and anger. "I...n...m...y" I try to answer but I can't. I can't tell him the truth but I can't lie to him either. John sits down next to me and sighs.
I lay there for about 10 minutes, then I pick up the needle and put it in the box which I put away. Since John was out if the flat, I put on a long sleeve shirt and walk back out and sit on the sofa and space out.
He takes a deep breathe and clears his throat. "I will give you some time to think about it, but if I see fit, I will force you to go"
John kisses Sherlock sweetly. "Of course I want you Sherlock. I'll always want you, my beautiful kitten. From the very first time I met you I wanted nothing more than to call you mine and for you to call me yours."
"You'll probably force me to go anyway" I mutter as he leaves and John comes back. He sits in the chair at stares at me, while I look anywhere but at him.
I close my eyes taking a deep breathe. When I open them again Mycroft is staring out the window next to me. "I want to get you help, we already know therapy won't help-" I cut him off
I look down and say nothing, what am I supposed to say 'John, I love you and that's why I was crying; cause I know you will never love a freak like me.'? No I couldn't say that. John rested his hand in my hair before going back to sitting in his chair.
"You're right, this is ridiculous, someone so smart to do something so stupid like taking a blade to their own skin! Now take off your shirt so I can properly tend to your wounds" John says clearly upset.
"Yes, please" he says tiredly. I pour our cups then sit on the sofa with him, we sip our coffee is silence.
I don't know how long I just sat there but all of a sudden I hear "Sherlock! Are you listening to me?" John yells, I blink and see that he is right in front of me. "Oh.... yeah"
I sigh "n-nevermind" I say standing up and going to my room. Before I can get all the way in my room John grabs my hand "Sherlock, please, talk to me" I bite my lip, I don't know what to say....
I, Sherlock Holmes, am in love with my flatmate, my best friend, John Watson. I wish he would hug me, kiss me, and tell me he loves me too. I sigh, I know that'll never happen.
I can't bring myself to look at him, he looks like he's in so much pain, he's exhausted, he needs sleep. Lestrade looked like we had been crying too. And Mycroft, he was so sad, tears in his eyes... I've never seen him like that....
"I'm sorry, I can move it you're uncomfortable with this." John chuckled "It's fine Sherlock, I don't have a problem with this" I nuzzled into John as he ran his hands through my hair. At some point I fell asleep, when I woke up in John's arms on the sofa.
I run to the park down the street and sit on a bench. I put my head in my hands. "I'm so stupid!" I whisper to myself.
"okay, fine, what do you want to get? Also what do you want to watch?" I stood up "Chinese? And a romcom?" Sherlock reaised an eyebrow "a romcom?"
I walk up to Lestrade and he starts babbling right away "his name is Andrew, 33, blunt force trauma" I examine the body then move so John can too. Once he's done I turn to Lestrade "his boss did it, the weapon is in his garage" and with that I walk out the door and get a cab.
I look at my track marks as I inject myself with the drug. My eyes roll closed as the drug takes effect. The needle falls from my arm as I smile lazily. I go a bit numb and I don't feel my depression.
I hate them, they're absolutely disgusting and I don't know how John can stomach to even look at me. Nonetheless, John runs his fingers over the scars on my upper arms; looking me in the eye he says with raw emotion.
A quick check confirmed that both her knickers and trousers needed a prompt rinse in cold water if she ever wanted to wear them again.
The look on John’s face in the course of the whole process – as he’d occasionally stuck his head around the door of the bedroom in between his tending to Rosie – had been priceless. It had gone from giggly surprise, to impressed amazement, to outright, dumbstruck shock.
- - Edith has been proven to be in her home in France at the moment. Thought I’d let you know. Anything new on your side?
And, by way of cherry on the cake, she’d wanted to take revenge on Adler for her stupidity of exposing a major part of Jim’s network by having her sodding phone confiscated.
, he was going to say. But John provided the last bit by pressing an actual kiss to his mouth, standing right next to the body they’d been examining.
He should not always be the one topping. It wasn’t fair on Sherlock to keep doing it this way. He should really just give him a blowjob instead, John decided, because he hadn’t done that in way too long.
He carefully added the right amount of formula to the warm water and watched Rosie happily beating her rattle on the floor as he stirred the milk for her.
“I sent a text from your phone, remember? It was read almost immediately. Factoring in a degree of shock, an emotional decision and a journey time based on the associated address, I’d say that your life as you know it has twenty minutes left to run.” Sherlock checked his watch again. “Well, no, seventeen and a half, to be precise, but I rounded up for dramatic effect, so please do show us your favourite room.” He walked closer to Smith, glaring at him intensely. “It’ll give you a chance to say...
Sherlock looked at him with a radiant, watery smile and nodded, crawling back on top of John and kissing him.
He’d always wanted to dance. The only reason he’d stopped, back in his uni years, was that he hadn’t been able to stand his new teacher, and there hadn’t been any other class.
Random thoughts and memories kept popping into his head, like the cyclists’ traffic sign he’d seen earlier that day that had been turned into a funny cartoon. Or the old tale of the Merchant in Samarra. Or less random thoughts, like the things Vivian Norbury had told them about the atrocities Mary (Rosamund) had committed in Georgia.
Sherlock had bought some psychology books touching on such matters, but he’d soon concluded they were all rubbish. Or rather, there was nothing useful in there that he didn’t already instinctively know.
In response, John grinned and said, “Well, let’s generate some more good luck, then,” leisurely tackling Sherlock onto the bed and diving on top of him. In one smooth movement, he playfully pinned down Sherlock’s arms next to his head onto the mattress and casually nuzzled his neck.
At least the little place in central London that Mummy had invited him to had excellent butternut squash soup. And as usual, after having brought a case to a successful end, Sherlock was ravenous. The upside of this being that it was less impolite not to talk a lot when you were busy eating.
It was as if their newfound form of intimacy had unleashed a heightened and more uninhibited sort of attraction between them, Sherlock thought.
When they’d come to a halt and Molly opened the ambulance’s rear doors, Sherlock spotted a building marked ‘VILLAGE STUDIOS’. He lifted his back slightly, leaning on both elbows, trying to see if John had arrived yet. Probably not.
John decided to quickly buy a newspaper so as not to look suspicious to the woman behind the counter and then stepped outside into the sunshine. He crossed the road and walked to the goldsmith’s workshop at a leisurely pace, stopping in front of the window. The jewellery on display was genuinely quite stunning, so it wasn’t hard to feign interest for a while.
“Yeah, I can imagine. You definitely deserve some rest. But how about your work, John? Aren’t they pestering you to come back yet?”
“What, exactly, is your plan?” Sherlock murmured quietly. “In case you’ve momentarily forgotten, I’m not actually in possession of a self-lubricating vagina, and I don’t think either of us is carrying lube,” he added with a playful eye-roll.
Smith removed his right cufflink as well and put both of them onto the seat of the chair. “You wanted this, though,” he said, as he started to roll up his shirtsleeves.
Sherlock held him through the night until, eventually, the carousel of thoughts in John’s head slowly came to a halt and he fell asleep.
“Mr Holmes. I was wondering – well... we all were, weren’t we? – maybe you could tell us about some of your cases.”
He initially hadn’t been sure whether it was a good idea to bring Rosie yesterday, but he hadn’t managed to get a babysitter, so he’d taken her with him out of necessity. And seeing as she had decidedly cheered Sherlock up and had also conveniently given them something to talk about other than all the gloomy stuff that had kept them occupied recently, he had brought her again today.
Sherlock decided to experiment a bit more, testing various variables, like flow speed and angle, turning John into more and more of an aroused mess as he went along.
And of course it took a bloody genius like Sherlock to learn how to give the most amazing frigging blowjobs John had ever had, within
close to him – Sherlock wasn’t going to allow John to be alone for a single second, until she was behind bars.
Sherlock had been surprisingly good with the infant, giving her her bottle or playing with her when John had fallen asleep on the sofa from sheer exhaustion.
In the background, they head Mummy ask, “Isn’t that just the same breed we used to have, only a different colour? The ears look very similar.”
Any minute now, the people from Interpol would arrive and swarm this peaceful beach. Soon after, the press would follow.
An image flashed through his mind of a tall, mean girl with dark pigtails, ambushing him time and again in the street where he used to live as a child.
“I do understand.” Naturally, John knew exactly what it was like to miss someone that badly without knowing what had happened to them and also how it felt when other people couldn’t grasp the depth of these emotions. John couldn’t come up with a single thing to ask Craig anymore and dug for his card in his inner coat pocket. Handing it to the lad, he said, “Please let me know if you remember anything that could be useful for us to know.”
Sherlock had never had this level of attention paid to him before, and it was a mesmerising experience. After having covered the area between Sherlock’s nipples and his navel, leaving a subtle trail of cool damp patches on his skin, John continued to move lower, making Sherlock catch his breath. A moment later, John was lying on his side the other way round, now leaning on his right elbow: with his knees near Sherlock’s right shoulder, his head hovering near Sherlock’s half-hard prick.
After a while, John added, in a firm voice, “And as much as I love it when you wear lingerie, I am decidedly very much into men, or at least into the particular man I’m holding right now, thank you very much.”
John had turned out to be worse off than expected. On the one hand, it would be a pity if he never woke up – which now seemed likely, from what she’d seen.
“Everything’s going to be alright. I just need you to tell me where you are. Outside, is it day or night?”
(as having a gay crime-fighting duo for parents already minimised the margin for what was considered ‘normal’ quite enough, John thought.)
“Ah, yes. Of course. Um. I would go there myself and visit her on your behalf,” Sherlock said, “if I didn’t think it extremely unwise to leave you here alone with just one guard. But what I can do is call her, if you like.”
Sherlock took a few sips of wine and John did the same. He realised he hadn’t seen Sherlock this relaxed in a while. Then again, there had always been things on his mind when they met lately – usually a case – and other people around.
Oh, and I changed the therapist’s first name to Elsa, as swissmissing pointed out to me that that is what she is called in
rejected solutions increased correspondingly. “And it wouldn’t do to replace them with dummies, unless the uncle dies and the money gets transferred to her before she finds out about the dummies, which seems extremely unlikely.”
“I must say,” Hannah said, in a low voice, so as not to disturb the delicate feeding process, “he keeps managing to surprise me. Especially after experiencing what his parents are like.”
Molly and Greg were seemingly practising their parenting skills – sitting on the floor next to the fairy-tale castle Hannah’s daughter Imogen had built together with Chloe in front of the hearth, and undergoing an imaginary adventure that was taking place there – as Hannah and her wife Briony were happily chatting away with Harry and Natalya, who’d flown over especially for the occasion.
“Rest assured that she’s an excellent multitasker. In her hands, Rosamund Watson is definitely safe from ‘The East Wind’.”
Oh God. Sherlock had not hallucinated the woman coming to his flat. The lady standing in front of him was a fraud. Logic dictated that she wasn’t really a therapist either.
to before. It was just one of those things that he’d sometimes asked himself while undergoing it: what it would feel like to be the active participant.
Suddenly, John involuntarily pictured Mary in the crowd, sitting behind the children. Saintly beaming at him, as if she wasn’t a ruthless murderer. “He should be wearing the hat,” her ghost said, smiling her deceptive, radiant, coy smile. “The kids would love the hat.”
There seemed to be fear and hope in Sherrinford’s eyes. He was blinking rapidly. And when John looked again, he saw the beginning of tears.
Mycroft immediately screwed up his face in distaste. “No-no-no-no, stop.” He raised a disparaging hand and turned away. “I detest conversation in the past tense.”
John looked back at Sherlock from under his brows with a somewhat apprehensive smile, his head hesitantly tilted downwards.
It was all over: the hellish stalemate they had found themselves in for a full year, ever since Mary had shot him.
Feeling a bit of the tension seep away, he let himself into the room and went to stand in the centre, to observe. There was only one advantage to being involved as late as half a day after the event in question had taken place, which was that forensics were done fingerprinting and photographing by then and the place was quiet and empty of people.
Sherlock ran a hand through his hair and turned back to his desk. More specifically, to the papers lying scattered across it. He still couldn’t make any sense of the facts surrounding his latest case.
Sherlock frowned. The tea was only lukewarm. Apparently, it had been sitting in front of him for quite a while. “Hm. Why a seven?”
Mycroft had always found the idea of somebody putting someone else’s genitals in their mouth rather appalling indeed, but now that he was seeing it happen, live, he had to admit there was something… fascinating about it. At least the sequence of facial expressions it caused to flow over Sherlock’s face definitely was; as was the sheer variety of techniques John seemed to be employing on Sherlock to this effect, for that matter – from fast and deep to slow and superficial and every variable in between – very effectively making sure Sherlock would not soon get bored and safely remained in full sensory overload, completely at John’s mercy.
.” His voice sounded uncharacteristically soft and vulnerable and he was looking at John with an otherworldly look, his eyes big and shiny. John was still waiting for his brain to start functioning again when Sherlock all of a sudden leaned in to kiss John once more.
Sherlock ran a hand through his hair. “Let me just arrange something,” he said, typing on his phone to send some texts.
girls, we most definitely are!” The man’s – heavily made up – wide eyes quickly scanned them both, lingering rather critically, John felt, on John and his outfit. John tried to smile, and casually swung his hip to one side in imitation of Sherlock.
let one of their suspects get away while he was holding him at gunpoint, because he had been too bloody distracted by Sherlock making a specifically brilliant deduction – and generally looking stunning and badass – while handcuffing the other one.
Just then, Sherlock’s voice broke the silence. “I think I’m done practising, John,” he breathed, decidedly flirtatious now. “Would you like to have a go?”
Jim would have despised her mistake, would have sneered and shouted at her. She could see her brother’s image as clear as day in her mind’s eye, as if he were really there with her, in her cell, looking down at her with anger and disdain.
“Yes, Mrs Hudson, do come in.” John could definitely use a friendly face and the landlady’s jollity always managed to cheer him up even under the gloomiest of circumstances.
“God save the Queen!” Smith said, a little louder, looking round at the kids. “She could open a slaughterhouse and we’d all probably pay the entrance fee!”
John’s heart was hammering in his chest as if it were trying to break free. As much as he wanted this, it scared the shit out of him all the same. He so badly wanted to get this right.
Somewhat awkwardly, Molly attempted a smile and stepped over some scattered building blocks to the corner where Rosie was playing with a plush octopus and what seemed to be a merman doll. “Hello Rosie,” she said, kneeling down next to her. “You were expecting someone else, weren’t you? But your daddy couldn’t come, so they asked me to pick you up.”
“You know,” John said, “even though I can obviously see that you don’t get along, and God knows I understand it, what was it he was referring to with those ‘old resentments’, exactly?”
“Good. Yes. Now, let’s see about that window at the back,” Sherlock said amiably. “Maybe we can walk around the front of the building, so I can have a look at the cordoned off area below both their windows along the way?”
As John found himself being crowded against the cool tiles, feeling infinitely free and secure in Sherlock’s tight grip, the thought briefly crossed his mind whether this was the moment to tell Sherlock about the email he’d received from the surgery today.
Being back in the UK was always a little alienating, Harry thought, as she hurried along Carteret Street, carefully dodging little groups of uniformed school kids on the pavement.
“That pearl being inside one of the Thatcher busts and AJ taking it with him from the Sandefords’ house in Reading last April was classified information. You wouldn’t just tell anyone,” he said, looking at Greg. “But it’s been keeping you awake at night, and that’s when you told her. Because she was in your bed. Or you in hers.”
“So. Sherlock and this woman. How does it work?” his therapist asked, somewhat snarkily. “Do they go to a discreet Harvester sometimes? Is there a... night of passion in High Wycombe?”
“I can imagine,” John said, not quite sure what else to say or do. He gently put a hand on Sherlock’s thigh.
After Sally Donovan had stopped asking him questions, apparently satisfied that she’d heard all there was to know from his side of this bizarre story, Sherlock walked back to Lestrade’s office. He knew the building and its corridors and staircases well, of course, yet everything felt different today. He took every flight of stairs, every turn, as if he were walking through an underwater world. He didn’t hear any of the voices of the people he passed, noticed their movements only as in a blurred slow motion.
Inside the small and not terribly well-maintained local community theatre, a handwritten timetable had been stuck onto the door to the music room, listing all the roles in the play and at what times the auditions for each of them started. A lady in black, ripped jeans ran around ordering people about, making sure they stayed on schedule and telling the candidates where to put down their names and where to sit and await their turn.
, you know?” Mary had smiled her typical smile. “He’s okay, actually. Except he’s decided he doesn’t want to speak to me anymore, because that dickhead Sherlock Holmes tricked me into telling John about my other life. Well, I haven’t actually told him anything.”
The discarded beer bottle that Sherlock had found by the side of the road was the perfect addition to complete his disguise. He swung it back and forth a bit as he walked the last half mile to Holdernesse Hall, under an increasingly un-British, hot summer sun, repeating to himself what he was trying to be now. Jobless person, with nothing better to do than chat to anybody he came across, bored, inquisitive, drunk. In short, the ideal way to unabashedly ask impertinent questions and snoop around the estate.
John’s mouth fell open in amused surprise. “Have you…” He cleared his throat. “Have you ever done that before?”
“Yeah, well, a little over a week ago she finally took a hint and we went out on a date. It all started with an email correspondence about a mud stain, actually,” Greg smirked.
“I need to use the least likely disguise,” Sherlock said, through gritted teeth. “One she can’t possibly see through. None of my things are actually good enough for that purpose. I have no idea what to wear. A whole wardrobe full of stuff and nothing suitable.”
Suddenly they both sniffed simultaneously, like old sentimental ladies at a wedding, which led them to burst out in nervous giggles, shaking while they still held one another.
“Now, it’s a... it’s a new kind of breakfast cereal,” Smith said to the flock of reporters, walking along.
“Our former neighbour, Mrs Tubbs, recommended this place, and I must say it’s quite lovely indeed,” Mummy said, stirring her tea cheerily. “Surely you remember her?”
John witnessed it all in a daze, muttering to Rosie that everything was going to be alright, that she could play with her toys again as soon as all those people were finished with their job and had left.
At several points in the past years, he’d thought about coming out to John, just to gauge his reaction. Would his response betray him being interested? Appalled? Or just indifferent?
“The truth is rarely pure, and never simple. It’s from ‘The Importance of Being Earnest.’ We did it in school.” Sherlock quirked a tentative smile.
The following morning, after eating another four bowls of Cheerios, John decided to open his laptop to see if Sherlock had posted anything on his Twitter recently.
Sherlock stammered, “John, you’d need to… you know… finger yourself a couple of times first, to practice. You can’t just do it, unprepared, or your sphincter will clench.”
“Oh, how lovely is the sound of birds bragging about their territories and telling rivals to bugger off. #spring”
Thankfully, no psychopaths made themselves known during the journey, and the connecting flight from Oslo to Ørsta-Volda being delayed by twenty minutes was the only setback in an otherwise perfectly smooth journey. They arrived in the village of Ørsta even before the notoriously early Scandinavian dusk had set in.
Upon his opening the door, a delivery man handed him a small package. John thanked him politely and went inside to open it under Rosie’s watchful eye.
That morning, John had given him a new, dark-green scarf with a subtle bee pattern woven into it which was only visible from a certain angle, as well as an absolutely brilliant, perfect and wonderful blowjob, and a delicious breakfast with toasted crumpets and strawberry jam.
A female officer kneeled down next to little Arthur, asking him if he was okay. The boy nodded, holding on tightly to his dad.
It was a Monday morning when the idea suddenly occurred to him, in between patients at the surgery. He was eliminating a backlog filling out forms and absent-mindedly lifted his coffee to his mouth, when the thought presented itself.
. Although he’d allowed himself to hope then, he simply didn’t think John felt that way anymore. Not after Sherlock had cocked everything up.
“How can you do that?” John asked, clearly baffled. “I mean, how… how are you even allowed in here?”
As Sherlock lapped at the sensitive, pink skin around John’s entrance, he pondered over the strange fact that both ends of the human digestive tract were erogenous zones – for which he’d never encountered a satisfactory scientific explanation. And as far as effectiveness went: while regular kissing provided no waterproof guarantee of getting John hard, rimming most definitely had a very strong effect on his state of arousal.
But also on a tube ride during rush hour, when they were sitting some distance apart and John wanted to check with Sherlock that Rosie’s teddy was in Sherlock’s bag (and not still back at the shop they’d just visited), without having to shout through the crowd.
Sherlock was puzzled. He’d never once seen John bake bread before. Was that something you could just
John forgot to breathe for a few moments and looked at Sherlock with what he hoped was not too much eagerness.
John didn’t know whether to be relieved or annoyed that Mycroft had apparently already heard about the incident and had decided for some reason to come here. Why, though, he wondered? To search Sherlock’s flat? A drugs bust was rather beside the point, unless it was to clear out any stocks. To intercept John, then?
“Christ,” John said, stunned. “If she hadn’t been there…” He swallowed, then shook his head. His grip on Sherlock’s hand tightened a little. “So you haven’t seen your brother in, what, 34 years?”
He smiled as he quietly tiptoed down the stairs and plonked down onto the sofa, stretching his legs. He reached for the remote on the side table and switched on the telly, ending up changing the channel until he arrived back at BBC One. Nothing worth watching.
Sherlock had stopped at the far end of the mortuary and was leaning back against a sink. He was starting to come down hard now. From the cocaine, that was. The effects of heroin lasted longer, and seeing as cocaine countered those, being a stimulant, that made the heroin kick in doubly hard now that the coke was wearing off – but not in a pleasant way.
“That was amazing,” John said eventually, lifting his head from Sherlock’s sweaty shoulder, the happiest of smiles on his face.
Sherlock gasped as John suggestively pushed back against Sherlock’s groin, before invitingly leaning forward on his elbows over the cluttered worktop.
At close range, and aimed at the head, this could lead to skull fracture, internal bleeding in the brain, tissue damage and oedema.
Sherlock winced at the mental image, suddenly very aware of what it must have been like for John to keep living in that house afterwards, together with the man who’d inadvertently killed his mother.
The presents he received from his guests were actually quite nice and there was something about having friends and family over simultaneously – so that the people he knew so well actually got to know
. Like my brain isn’t working properly.” Then, in a lower voice, “I’ve had to tell so many lies these past months. First, to Mary. Then, after she was… gone… to everyone else, about what happened with her. To Molly, Mrs Hudson, to my co-workers, my therapist, and on my blog. I’ve been repeating all those lies in my head, over and over, to try and make sure I had a consistent story, adding and removing details until I reached a point where everything in my mind became garbled up so much that even I now sometimes don’t know what is the truth anymore. Like my actual memories have been corrupted. Overwritten.” John heaved a long breath. “On top of which, people have been lying to
Sherlock turned onto his back and let out a slow breath, trying to ignore the symptoms of withdrawal that he was still suffering. They’d become mere background noise now, but he was still aware of them most of the time.
Sherlock couldn’t help a smile. “Well, that too, although that might be slightly inappropriate tonight. We’re going out.”
John nodded thoughtfully. “I suppose it’s like someone softly rubbing a stick on your arm,” he said. “Initially, it doesn’t hurt at all, but after a while, it will result in an abrasion of your skin and it will become unbearable if they just continue.”
“Good evening, Mrs. Hudson.” He had to make an effort not to sound as knackered as he actually was. “Just here to drop off some pictures for Sherlock to take a look at,” he told her with a smile, stepping into the hall.
.” She blew a big, purple bubble and let it pop against her mouth. “Your Mummy even stole my Daddy’s book.” She raised her eyebrows, waiting for his reaction.
When the buttons were all finally open, John impatiently shrugged off his shirt, then looked at Sherlock again.
His shoulders were heaving as his movements slowly stuttered to a halt, a wonderful emptiness stretching out inside him with room for just one thought:
The next morning, when dull, grey daylight started filtering through the curtains, John was the first to open his eyes. He chuckled softly as he looked down at the riot of dark curls resting on his chest, as his lover lay sprawled over him like a stranded starfish.
Anyway, it wasn’t as if this halfwit had any chance of making it past the primaries. He was obviously just in it for some more screen time, nothing more.
Rosie would come too, of course, so that in turn did narrow things down a bit. There had to be a children’s cot available at the hotel. And isolated, remote locations with no shops nearby were out of the question, as it was only possible to carry so much stock of nappies and formula around.
With many thanks to quietlymischievous, julzann, monikakrasnorada, smirkdoctor and ewebie for their medical advice, which I have incorporated in the following chapters.
Folded up in his chair near the fireplace, Sherlock looked at the fine hairs on Redbeard’s snout, the shiny patch on his healthily wet nose, the two large, dark, loyal eyes. All captured so naturally. So perfectly. Sherlock thought he could almost smell him again, so clear and vivid was the memory this painting evoked. As if his pet could jump off the canvas any minute, right into his arms.
It was the first promise he’d made to himself when the reality of Mary’s death had sunken in. No alcohol. Not a single drop. Rosie needed him. And it wouldn’t make sense, anyway. He should be relieved, really. Things could finally go back to the way they had been, before he’d thought Sherlock dead. Eventually. If that was what Sherlock wanted. If that was what
Layers of useless defensive walls and built-up frustration had been peeled away to leave only this. Their unconditional love.
It was just that she feared she might have neglected to do something, or say something, before the chance was gone for good.
Sherlock had read several accounts on rimming that had spiked his curiosity and he was now considering whether his inquisitiveness might outweigh his instinctive reluctance and hygiene concerns.
Sherlock didn’t care when some of his muscles and limbs started protesting their unusual position after a while. All that mattered was John, rocking into him, holding him, flooding him with oxytocin and endorphins that were so much better than any drug. So much better.
She was not departing with Rose. She was being forced to relinquish her to Holmes’s friend, just because Rose (like Jim) thought there was some point in that. (And the plain fact was, Rose was probably in love with both of them, Eurus thought. That was, if she was even in love at all.)
John had spent the last couple of days pondering whether the incident might also explain why Sherlock didn’t form bonds with others as easily as most people. Betrayed by his own brother. The dog he loved taken away from him in such a brutal way, right in front of him. John could see how that might have taught Sherlock that it was better not to care too much about anything, for horrible things could happen even within the safety of your own home.
Sherlock felt a vague, unpleasant sensation in his stomach, as if he were about to be sick. Wasn’t it ironic that John doubted what he meant to Sherlock, while Sherlock was certain no one had ever loved another person more ardently than he did John. Of course, John had every reason to be suspicious of Sherlock’s intentions, especially concerning unexpectedly offered food items. Sherlock had not always been able to resist opportunities to test the physical effects of medically uncharacterised substances by slipping them into John’s dinner. The great paradox was that he had only been able to do those things because John trusted him – and because John trusted him, Sherlock loved him.
The ability of Sherlock’s senses to function normally seemed to have evaporated. Every bone in his body felt different, his eyes prickled and there was a strange pounding in his ears. He could do nothing but gaze at John, whose soft grey-brown eyes just stared back at him, patient, waiting for him to process it all, while obviously also still assessing the situation himself – clearly still somewhat on his guard.
pulled me through those horrible months.” There was a pause, in which he couldn’t help but blink uncontrollably. “I
In the first place, Sherlock decided no other patient could be allowed to stay in John’s room, if only to avoid unknown visitors getting close to him.
On top of everything, it was causing him loss of sleep, which made the matter only worse and made him grumpy besides.
Sherlock stilled and looked at John with eyes overflowing with love, one hand cupping John’s jaw. “I promise,” he said, with the softest smile.
She nodded. “Let me see. You’ve either been together for around seven days, seven weeks, or seven months, as that’s always when trouble arises. Which is clearly the case. I think seven weeks, judging by your level of anxiety. You’ve had time to get used to the idea that this was forever and now that some reason has arisen to make you doubt that assumption, your world has been turned upside down.”
No, that was ridiculous. He knew that Sherlock genuinely cared for him. There was no reason to doubt that. He was just being considerate.
He woke up with a start, sweating. He looked around him in the dim light of the bedroom. He was at home. Mary wasn’t there. She was dead, after all. She would never speak patronisingly to anyone again, or try to kill anybody, for that matter.
start asking me all sorts of questions that I didn’t always know the answer to. Like how long you’d been together.”
“Better go,” Sherlock whispered. And to Lestrade he said, over his shoulder, “Might want to check out the neighbour with the ferret. Good afternoon!”
The next morning at 6 am, however, Rosie announced that she had had sufficient rest and was ready to take on the world again.
Did Sherlock really feel like that? Funny that he should doubt that, he thought, as it was definitely exactly how John felt about
He shuddered. He then walked over to one of the nearby cabinets and pulled open the door. Looking at the slide-out shelves in there, he said, “So, your favourite room: the mortuary.”
Chloe, indifferent, had already shifted her focus, reaching her arms out to Sherlock in order to move over onto his lap. “Mummy! Mummy!” she repeated, nestling herself in Sherlock’s arms.
He had no idea whether Sherlock had ever been intimate with another man (or with a woman, other than for a case, that is), although, judging by his funny behaviour at the beginning of the evening, he quite possibly hadn’t. But John was sure they would figure out a way to cross that bridge when they got there. And he had the impression that Sherlock wouldn’t mind taking the scenic route either.
Nevertheless, he almost immediately concluded it was a bit too early to actually have himself tested just yet, seeing as his fantasies had barely gone further than imagining Sherlock naked. The idea of giving another man a blowjob for instance was... weird. Erotic and arousing, on one level, but still mainly weird. And anal intercourse, well... He didn’t quite want to think about that, and he couldn’t really imagine himself ever doing it. Or Sherlock.
Not long after, they were making love again under the warm blankets, as rain poured down in large streams over the windows.
who happen to be midway through their twenties. They do little else than drink beer and watch crap telly, and they interact with friends mainly through roleplay, thus completely distorting their image of reality, which leads to the construction of ridiculous plans that have no basis whatsoever in the laws of logic.”
The next day, the two of them went shopping together with the money Sherrinford had earned with the sale.
The idea crossed John’s mind to enforce a speed limit on Sherlock’s speech when other people – like himself – were in the room, but instead of suggesting anything of the kind, he just said “Hmm.”
Sherlock felt a strange combination of disappointment and relief. He was disappointed mainly with himself, for being so nervous about something so trite, but very relieved that John actually seemed totally fine with not doing it, at least for now.
Ten minutes later, he had successfully hacked Violet’s mailbox, using a trick he’d recently asked a programmer to teach him in exchange for verifying his alibi in a murder case. Then he typed an e-mail from her account to Bob.
“I happened to still have this packet of chocolate fairy tale figures that I bought in that lovely shop over in Mayfair with Mrs Turner last month, but some of the ones at the bottom sadly got squashed on the way back. Then I realised how symbolic these were for this occasion.”
Suddenly, everything felt simple again. John was here and hugging him back. Soon, their mouths found each other and a minute later, they were passionately kissing, snogging properly for the first time and pressing their bodies together without restraint.
Should he apologise for having put Sherlock at risk all this time regardless? After the first time, it hadn’t really seemed to matter anymore. At least John had warned Sherlock to use a condom on
Sherlock could tell that the headaches were getting worse again, as John tilted his head backwards, closed his eyes and scrunched up his face, sitting very still.
“I made an inexcusable misjudgement in hiring the freelancers that I did. I deleted all the files relating to the incident. Out of
(Thank god he had not actually acted upon that overhurried invitation back then and had decided to take things slowly. But still, all those times he had in fact shagged Sherlock, he had done so in complete oblivion.)
Sherlock was vaguely aware of the importance of saying ‘no’. Wasn’t this being recorded, somehow? He couldn’t remember. But it had something to do with Lestrade needing an incentive to investigate the beloved celebrity, so that he would finally be convicted for all the murders he committed. Even though in this case, one might argue it was actually suicide, Sherlock figured, nebulously. But no one needed to know that. “No,” he said.
Several emotions were battling for the front row seat inside of Sherlock’s mind. Next to the deep sadness over aunt Vivian’s passing and over the way she’d had to spend her last months, there was suddenly outright exultation screaming through his brain.
“Well, I’m not sure I ever really did, to be honest,” Sherlock said. He pressed his lips together, thinking. “My parents just never talked about it. Never gave me any sort of context, or explanation, or any room to grieve my dog. Never comforted me in any way that I can remember. Sherrinford was simply sent away to a special facility for children with behavioural problems and from then on they just sort of pretended it never happened.”
She was dressed like an overly fashionable 17 year old boy and had matching short hair. Convenient for use with wigs, Sherlock thought.
The truth was, for many years, he’d only ever imagined fucking somebody in anger, not love. That first time had had nothing to do with love, that was for sure. Even if, when Sherlock was completely honest, his initial regard for his geography teacher had contained an element of physical attraction, as much as Sherlock hated to admit it. But Christ, he had only been fourteen, and his sexual feelings had only just been starting to emerge, when Middlehurst had decided he could simply take what was right in front of him. Without care or kindness. Without consent.
To make it worse, every time John gasped around Sherlock’s cock in response to Sherlock’s teasing breaths over his arse, the cooling effect of John’s breath on his wet prick almost made him come.
After days of formulating and testing theories and eliminating possible suspects and hypothetical chains of events one by one, there was only one conceivable scenario that remained and it was unfolding before him right now.
Something in John’s demeanour suddenly changed. He looked at Sherlock with a concerned frown etched into his face. “Look, we don’t have to do this now. If you’d rather wait...”
Sherlock could tell that it turned John on, regardless of what he’d just said. John clearly still had some stuff to work out for himself. “Well, I couldn’t very well dress up as a woman and wear men’s briefs underneath, could I?” Sherlock teased, playing innocent. “And the bra was necessary to put my fake boobs in. Your socks.” He pulled them out to show John the familiar black and green pattern.
But then it occurred to him. “I know!” Sherlock exclaimed, in the middle of the crime scene they were at.
Sherrinford had suffered horrible tantrums when he was little. He’d used to throw toys and food around the room in his frenzies, terrorising the entire household. He’d used to scream so loudly it almost gave the rest of them hearing damage as well. One day, he’d swung an axe at Redbeard, and then put a skipping rope around Sherlock’s neck, almost choking him to death.
something. He urgently wanted to feel John, touch him, taste him, anything, everything. John’s groin was very near Sherlock’s head and Sherlock longed to do the same thing back at him, simultaneously, but John’s prick was just out of reach.
Just as Sherlock’s brain was starting to come back online, John stiffened and a low grunt escaped from somewhere deep in his throat as his come splashed all over Sherlock’s chest and flank.
Meanwhile, it had become increasingly difficult to keep track of time. But fortunately, two weeks ago, when his mental capacity had still been a lot closer to normal than it was now, he’d been clever enough to set various alarms for today, so that he would end up in the right place at exactly the right moment.
having the both of them around, believe it or not. To be quite honest, I’d never have predicted them getting along so well with Irene.”
Sherlock went still and leaned in to press a soft kiss to the star-shaped scar tissue on John’s shoulder, trying hard not to think of what could have happened if John's unit hadn’t managed to get him back to the base in time and he had been left to bleed for longer.
“I love you,” Sherlock whispered again at John’s still form. How easy it suddenly was to state such a profound fact. Why wasn’t everything in life so simple?
“Sherlock Holmes,” he said incredulously when Sherlock lamely extended one arm towards him. “We’re not…”
Lowering his mug, Sherlock looked around the room, pretending not to know what he was talking about. “Mm?” He swallowed his mouthful. “What was what?”
When he was done scribbling something down, he handed Sherlock the receipt and sighed. “Today’s youth,” he mumbled. “I can’t remember things always being this complicated when I was young.”
Very soon, his brain was on the verge of sensory overload. There was no room in his Mind Palace that could accommodate what he was experiencing. It was too wonderful. Too much. He needed something else to focus on, desperately needed to divert energy to another part of his brain and
Sherlock looked at the second painting again, of Sherrinford so very carefully shielding his little brother from the rain. The running nanny was a caricature of fury and anger.
John laughs. Surely Sherlock is pulling his leg, just because John went and got drunk and is oversharing a little – well, a
well. His now-lover was sitting not twenty yards away from him and Sherlock could feel his soothing presence.
Even though their qualities were entirely different, John was the only person Sherlock had ever considered his true equal. John was by no means Sherlock’s assistant anymore; he’d found his own essential niche in their partnership and was even applying Sherlock’s deduction techniques in his own area of expertise now, thus saving as many lives as Sherlock solved murders. Not the least example of which was their own dear Mrs Hudson. It even felt to Sherlock as if he and John were still becoming more and more equal with each day that passed. For instance, he mused, chuffed, they had both left their DNA inside each other this week, so they were carrying around each other’s genetic information even as they went about their separate business. (Although to be honest, Sherlock wasn’t a hundred percent sure if semen actually stayed alive three days in their bodies as it did inside the vaginal environment. He would have to test that out some time, he told himself.)
When they fell onto the bed, embracing, and naked, Sherlock whispered to John, “Please make love to me again.” The skin around Sherlock’s eyes was red from holding back tears.
on the scene. And by the time Sherlock had been well enough to go back and find any specific traces that could be used as evidence against Mary, Magnussen’s penthouse had of course long been cleared.) And he most certainly hadn't wanted to rely on Magnussen's witness statement, as that nasty piece of work would likely have had no problem lying under oath in order to retain the bargaining value of that piece of information, so that he could blackmail Mary even further.
, I didn’t mean it like that. It’s just… it sounds tough.” John went to sit across from Sherlock, next to the fireplace, and put a hand on his knee.
, it gives me some peace.” She grinned. “Amit has some ideas that we might follow up on the week after next. I almost
The old man grunted, meanwhile fumbling with the receipt he was about to write for the brooch, and went on to mention that Bob had also muttered something about protecting the girl, which hadn’t made any sense to him.
disguise – presuming she did not come looking like she had that one time at the hospital, when he’d bugged her. (And assuming she would not reuse her Faith Smith or German therapist persona.)
“I think she gets that from you.” John smiled a cheeky smile, which made Sherlock suddenly feel wonderfully warm inside, even though John was just talking nonsense, of course. Since Sherlock had no genetic bond with Chloe, she couldn’t ‘get’ anything from him. At least, he didn’t think behavioural imprinting started as early as this in humans. Or did it?
Sherlock got up and was all weary, reassuring smiles. “Yes, honestly. Just a glass of water perhaps, if you would be so kind,” he timidly said to the goldsmith.
Well, eventually he would probably go out again and try to score the occasional shag, but he would leave it at that. No more girlfriends.
Sherlock shifted his eyes to the picture nearest to him, labelled ‘Nathan Garrideb’. “Glasses, glasses,” he muttered. He took in a long breath. “Nathan wears glasses. Evans was shot from three hundred metres. Kickback from a gun with this calibre... would be massive. No cuts, no scarring. Not Nathan, then. So it’s got to be one of the other two.”
It felt as if an eternity passed as he waited for the ambulance, in excruciating silence. Sherlock sat, fingers holding steady over John’s pulse, unable to hold back quiet tears.
Harry had then wryly conceded that, in all honesty, Aunt Viv had had a good point, even though Harry hadn’t seen that back then and had taken her father’s side, for once. It had at least resulted in a brief revival of companionship between father and daughter. Very brief.
“Well, making something up shouldn’t be too hard,” Mary sneered, in his head. “You’ve always had such a
After having lived in solitude for so long and being accustomed to only the most surface level type of communication, the wonderful effects of unrestrained, open dialogue were like a mystery revealed. Having everything stated openly turned out to make so many things so much easier. No energy spent on guessing or deducing the other one’s thoughts, feelings or motivations.
EDIT 25 Oct. 2019: It's incredibly funny how I kept thinking there were only around five chapters left to write for *ages*, but then I kept splitting the new draft chapters in two as I wrote them, seeing as they turned out to become much too long each bloody time. At the time I'm writing this comment, I'm pretty sure there will be 40 chapters in total. But who knows... ;)
It was bad enough that the bloody dildo hadn’t arrived the next day as it was supposed to, but the fact that the missed opportunity to practice had made Sherlock so nervous that he had scared John away and ended up alone in 221B that evening, made him feel rather miserable indeed.
What was Eurus’s brother called again? Something common, like Jerry, or Joey. Probably short for Hieronymus or something.
It felt like that moment of stillness at the beginning of a rollercoaster ride, when the carts have reached their highest point, just before being pulled down the steep descent by their own weight. All it took were a few more inches in the same direction before there was absolutely no way back.
. There’s actually some people out there who care about me, and who would be genuinely upset, believe it or not. Do I seriously have to
As ridiculous as Sherlock had always thought it to find one person the most beautiful and amazing in the world above all others, he was now finally reaching the point where he was giving up all resistance to these kinds of feelings.
Days turned into weeks, and one after another, John and Sherlock reached an impasse where they’d hit a dead end and there was momentarily nothing for them to do. Sherlock accepted a new case, tracing some documents that had gone missing, which gave him some new energy, and John took on some extra shifts at the surgery.
Those priorities were all about Sherrinford, of course. Sherlock had asked John if it was alright with him if they waited a bit to come out properly – to his parents and then the rest of the public – until the dust had settled a little regarding the shock of Sherrinford’s true story, before dropping another bomb on his parents by telling them that their youngest son was actually gay and also in a gay relationship now. Obviously, Sherrinford’s well-being was the most important thing right now, and deserved all their attention. And of course John had agreed.
Sherlock resignedly enjoyed what he knew to be the last few moments of peace he was going to have today.
“Have you hired a new nanny yet to look after the child, now that Hannah has left?” she then asked, jumping from one subject to the next faster than a cat on hot bricks. “I’ve heard it’s dreadfully hard finding a good one in London these days.”
“You’re rather good at this.” He took off his jacket. “Before we start, tell me how you feel.” He reached to the shirt cuff on his left hand and took out the cufflink.
“Can it wait, Sally? I’m about to set out for Sherlock’s to show him some pictures of the scene. According to his text, he’s ‘too busy’ to come here himself. Your lucky day, apparently.” He managed a comic fake-smile. “Not bloody mine, anyway,” he couldn’t help adding in a grumble. He took a deep breath to compose himself. “Hell, if he spots
What Sherlock still hadn’t been able to figure out, back then, was who this man was that Mary had been working with. He had suspected Moriarty’s sibling, the genderqueer brother, whom he had shadowed for some time while dismantling Moriarty’s network two years ago. But he had seemed to be living an ordinary enough life, working as an actor, taking lots of female roles – that is, as long as he wasn’t being kicked out of theatre companies for impossible behaviour. And visiting his shrink. (Sherlock remembered him being especially peeved at not getting the role of Ophelia in a modern, partly genderbent rendition of Hamlet. The red-haired hipster had left a trail of kicked over bins on his way home.)
Then, from the corner of his eyes, he spotted her bending down to pick up some white pebbles from the neighbours’ driveway and casually throwing them at their dog, one at a time: a small Yorkshire terrier, walking free around the front garden.
Two more hours till John would come home from his night shift. Two more hours until Sherlock could witness him acting withdrawn and ignoring Sherlock again.
Irene did a quick search on her phone. “It’s only a half hour detour to the one in Swindon, once you’re near Wantage anyway.”
wake up, if everything was alright. If it wasn’t too late, and John didn’t have irreversible brain damage.
The woman lowered the gun to her side. “Isn’t it obvious?” She stepped forward a few paces, smiling. “Haven’t you guessed?” Her smile dropped. “I’m Eurus.”
It reminded him of the entrance to his primary school library, in the attic of the old convent, where Ms Elinor resided. He always used to chat with her – about things that often had very little to do with any of the books she was lending out.
Baffled, and slightly intimidated, Harry pulled her passport out of her rucksack and showed it to him.
“We’ve scanned all the streets of Ørsta she walked through with her bag on her,” Sherlock said. “But she might have moved around more when she left her bag, including the pill box fitted with your GPS tracker, in one place. I estimate I’ll need another two hours here in Ørsta tomorrow and then we can head on to Norddal.”
Once at the hospital (after Sherlock had ‘visited the loo’), they soon found themselves in the middle of a play area in a children’s ward. Child patients and their nurses were sitting and standing around Smith, who turned as Sherlock and John entered the room. Everyone applauded. Another nurse smiled at them as they walked past.
(Why he had been stupid enough not to have himself tested as soon as he’d found out the baby was not his, was beyond him. To be fair however, he
with me, Sherlock? I was still having sex with Mary, because she kept seducing me and I was afraid to say no, to blow my cover. And the sex was good, you know; we never had a problem in
John quietly chuckled to himself when he realised he was practically dancing his way to Marylebone tube station that morning, and he couldn’t help but smile at all the grumpy faces of the people around him.
In a few swift movements, he takes off his shirt and throws it over the back of his armchair, still standing at the tap. He briefly closes his eyes.
And he wondered, time after time, why sign language wasn’t part of the standard primary school curriculum, with it having such a vast array of practical use. Maybe he should persuade Mycroft to pull a few strings some day.
“Why not?” Sherlock said, appearing offended. But John was happy to detect a decided smirk under his scowl. He’d missed Sherlock’s sass. “They’re interesting creatures, you know,” Sherlock said, more seriously. “Almost as fascinating as humans. They even commit crimes against their society. And keeping a bee colony healthy is quite a challenge, what with the current invasion of parasitic Varroa destructor mites across Western Europe. And Clostridium. I would never get bored.”
Hannah (Irene) fell silent the moment she spotted Molly, apparently having forgotten that she was there.
Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure yet whether he would actually have her do this, but he might decide to apply this approach to lure out Miss Moriarty if all else failed. He’d just needed Molly to tell him about the process and how foolproof a forgery would be. So now he could properly consider that route.
“I don’t believe you.” Her vicious tone and the look in her eyes bit straight through his soul. The glare of a wounded animal.
? I think she should be the next one to know, although she might very well have guessed already, of course.”
But nevertheless, Sherrinford did seem to comprehend the general message. That a huge misunderstanding was being set right. And perhaps, even, that they were asking his forgiveness.
Maybe they should get out more, do fun things together that weren’t case-related occasionally. He made a mental note to act upon this intention.
John looked at him in mock wonder, before exclaiming, “That’s it! I know just the right inscription for our rings.” He looked dangerously pleased with himself, Sherlock thought.
The sound of breaking twigs quickly grew louder as Sherlock clambered his way to John through the undergrowth, a hint of pride in his eyes at the fact that his partner had apparently found an important clue. When he kneeled to take a look at the box, he drew in a long breath that subsequently seemed to freeze him on the spot. “Did you touch it in any way?” he asked abruptly.
Sherlock moved slowly, carefully, although perhaps a little clumsily. This was his very first time, after all. There was deep concentration on his face, as well as profound ecstasy. Seeing his expression did things to John.
“I see. Is there any particular kink you’d like to tell me about?” John replied, not bothering to hide his grin.
John swallowed. “My love, to be honest, I want nothing more than to hold you and never let go. You know what? Let’s get out of here. There is this ridiculous table between us, and - -”
When the front door swung open, a friendly, elderly lady appeared with outstretched arms. “Hannah! So good to see you!”
He walked over the sun-dappled lawn, which looked just as his brother had painted it once and that somehow made it seem all the more beautiful to Sherlock now.
He didn’t care how ridiculous he looked when he finally put the dress on. All that mattered was the promise in Sherlock’s filthy smirk.
Greg didn’t look up. “Well, yeah, I guess there comes a day in every copper’s life where he’s got to choose between what’s wrong and what’s right, regardless of the law. Even though it’s, you know… really fucking hard.”
During dinner, he let his parents chatter away, occasionally giving short answers to their mindless, pointless questions
She cleared her throat. “Greg thought I should ask you for help. We’ve got this case…” She shifted uncomfortably from one foot to the other. “I mean, only if you’re up to it, of course.”
It was Mycroft who also suggested involving Lestrade as well. They could only hope he would be willing to look the other way, but
Knowing that he would be lost in his Mind Palace for a while, John casually stepped closer to Molly and said, “He really likes you, you know. Greg. I noticed at the wedding he couldn’t stop looking at you.”
He grabbed a pillow and hastily stuffed it under his bottom, like he’d read somewhere on a page with tips on this sort of thing, and opened his legs.
“Well, I suppose it is quite a big coincidence, him giving you that painting. I see what you mean…” she trailed off.
John nodded. He positively ached to see Rosie again and desperately wanted to look after her himself, but he knew he still needed a long time to recover. Having the secret agent nanny around was the best solution.
Once the paramedics finally arrived, in a flurry of activity, they confirmed the likeliness of Sherlock’s hypothesis. They’d seen it often enough before.
It was like an ingrained role pattern they had developed, but which might be able to change if they just implemented some small changes themselves.
Two minutes later, when they were in the bedroom and Sherlock was lying on his back on the bed, John slowly edged up the bottom of his dress. Then his breath hitched. Sherlock was wearing red lace knickers. John stared a moment and swallowed. The way the fabric pulled taut over Sherlock’s proud prick was the most enticing thing he’d ever seen. He bit his lip and smiled. “Why on earth would you be wearing ladies’ underwear?”
“I’m so happy for you, John,” she whispered, fondly. “For both of you. Please, look after him well.”
“Yes, fine. It’s just… She was a truly remarkable woman,” Sherlock said, trying not to spill new tears.
killer?!” He then took a large mouthful of cereal and chewed on it for a bit, before turning away and spitting it out in a bucket that was being held up for him.
Sometimes, they made love. Each time, before entering him, John would ask, “Are you sure?” and Sherlock loved him a little more. No one before had ever cared what he wanted or what he felt.
Although finding the pearl was brilliant, of course, the other things John had found (and left) in Norway were of infinitely greater value. There was Chloe’s new name, and the resolution to arrange official parental responsibility for Sherlock – if he should want it. But also the realisation that – now that they had been properly together for a while – Sherlock had still not stopped loving him, or Chloe, and it didn’t look as if he ever would.
Sherlock stilled, looking at John with an uncertain expression. “So this is not just a fling, or – I don’t know – some phase we’re going through? Or an experiment? Which will end as soon as the novelty has worn off?”
--Sounds great! Jack says it’s an incredibly posh place though... Maybe we should go to Negozio instead? It’s a lovely Italian restaurant down the road, slightly more affordable. :) Look forward to seeing you too. x
Pressing his nose against Sherlock’s cheek, John said quietly, “Don’t worry. I’ll come back straight after, if you like.”
“Yes, she does. She likes it so much she wants to look at it every day,” Sherlock answered, signing and speaking simultaneously. “And also wants to pay you for it.”
“Yup, apparently there was a small problem with the strip but it’s all good now.” Elizabeth just raised an eyebrow and Keira sighed. “A plane took off from the strip we are to land on but not 5 minutes later, it landed again.” Both women frowned.
“I do apologise for the intrusion, it seems your parents neglected to tell you it was a flat share. Although I suppose you jumped at the chance to move out. Having parents who are the head of the Italian Mafia can’t be as thrilling as it sounds I suppose.” She said casually. Keira spun round so fast she almost fell.
“Open Air Theatre at Regent’s Park please.” Was all Elizabeth said before concentrating back on her phone, likely telling people what they need to do. Keira sighed and sat back for the ride. As she looked out of the window, watching London pass by, she thought back to the first time she’d ever met the crazy woman.
“Elizabeth, you know very well that I prefer the name Mycroft.” He said through gritted teeth. Elizabeth just sat back in her chair looking smug. Keira then shook her head of shock before speaking up.
“Sir, Miss Cordell admitted to the murders and is going to plead guilty at her trial.” The two walked in like they owned the place. Elizabeth just rose an eyebrow at them.
“Yes, we were born one after the other from one pregnancy. Therefore we are twins yes?” She looked at both men and sighed. “You know what, how about we head back to 221B and have something to drink and we can talk about the fact there is suddenly a third Holmes sibling.” Elizabeth nodded and started to head towards the door when the young man from before was at the door way with 2 large cooler boxes. Elizabeth’s eyes had a slight sparkle in them. “Ahh, Michael! Are those the hands we spoke of?” The young man nodded.
“Are these police officers seriously that idiotic they cannot see what is right in front of them?” She murmured and she looked for a name. She then came across a statement from a Detective Inspector and grinned. “Perfect.” Elizabeth got up from her computer and went into her room to get changed.  She threw on a white shirt with black trousers and matching suit jacket. As she jogged up the stairs from her room she heard her landlady knocking on the door.
“Oh please, stop with the pleasantries and go back to your hole of an office. I’m surprised the country is still standing without you at your desk.” Elizabeth sneered. “It’s not as if you attempt to contact me. I found out about Will through a fucking journalists outside my office Mycroft! Almost 2 weeks after it happened!” Mycroft winced slightly, only visible to Elizabeth.
Lestrade and John looked at Elizabeth in horror, who just spun back to her computer and started typing once more with even more enthusiasm.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa!” John exclaimed. “What the hell are you talking about?!” He asked Elizabeth wide eyes. She tipped her head back to look at the two men behind her.
“No, that won’t be necessary.” He said. He looked at his assistant who had finally looked up from her phone and at him with a questioning look on her face. Mycroft gave her a small smile. “It was difficult to put surveillance on Sherlock, Elizabeth is 100 times worst.” He then turned and walked back to the car and his assistant followed.
“You are the daughter of 2 of the most wanted criminals in Italy, you took your mother’s maiden name as to not be connected with them. They offered you an out and payed towards you getting a degree, scholarships pay for your tuition, they pay your share of the rent. However they had one condition and that was that you must take a weapon with you, a 32 caliber hand gun, passed down through your father’s side of the family. They decided to give it to you not your brother, thought you would need it more than he would. So, an 18-year-old student who owns an illegal fire arm and is studying criminology and law at university.” Elizabeth’s eyes seemed to light up but before Keira could say something, she continued. “Also has a slight temper but excellent judgement and enjoys a good adrenaline rush, this is marvolous!” Elizabeth suddenly got out of her chair and twirled around the living area. “Absolutely fantastic in fact, it would be a great help in my line of work.” She suddenly stopped prancing around and looked straight ahead, hands, palms together, under her chin.
"You are the most beautiful man I have ever had the good fortune of laying my eyes on. I wish you could see that...."
Sherlock sits on the bed not knowing which position he should be in. John kissed down Sherlock's jaw to his neck, pushing him down so he was laying on his back.
"I'm sorry" is the two words he says that make me look at him. I feel a pain in my chest, he looks so sad.
Once I look at John I immediately feel my heart break. He looks like he's been crying. A tear falls down my cheek.
After john cleans them up they lay in bed. Sherlock lays his head on John's chest. Sherlock decides it's time he is honest with John.
As much as I try to hold it in, a tear rolls down my face, followed by another and another. I guess it's a good thing not a lot of people come to this part of the park.
"You won't loose me. I'm.... I'm going to get help.... Mycroft has a rehab center he wants me to be admitted into.... I'm going to go. I'm going to get help...."
I look back to my phone "no, no, a romcom is fine." John walk to the door "I'll be back with food and a movie." And with that John walked out of the flat.
Tears are streaming down my face, I make 3 deep cuts on each arm. The blood is running down my arms, the blood pooling at my feet. My head starts to feel dizzy so I quickly grab the gauze and wrap the cuts up.
Mycroft sits next to me and puts his head in his hands. Lestrade rubs Mycroft's back, who looks back at me with tears in his eyes.
I knock on the door and get no response, I knock again and still no response. I try the handle and luckily it's unlocked. I barge in and what I see breaks me.
John puts his hand on my knee, a confurting gesture. "Do you know what it's like to wake up from a good nights sleep and feel exhausted, not having any motivation to move from bed, just wanting to die?" I ask
"no, I'm just bored...that movie last night was good." I say as I smile a bit. John looks over at me "it was good" he agrees.
He paused taking a deep breath. "This will be his fourth suicide attempt. I thought when Gregory got him off the drugs and got him work, that he'd be better. Then you moved in and I thought all the better. With the work and you, He seemed so happy, so much better." He closes his eyes letting a tear fall before quickly wiping it away.
I blush slightly as he says "you are none of those things Sherlock, you areabsolutely amazing." He pulls back some so he can look in my eyes, I blush harder and look down. He gently grabs my chin and makes me look at him.
I shakily stand up walking numbly to the bathroom connected to my room. I've been doing so well they let me have a razor to shave.
"My beautiful boy, if only you could see how purrfect you look. What do you need love? Tell me what you need and I'll take care of you" John says before he removes his fingers.
Sherlock lays on the sofa with John sitting in his arm chair when it hits. Of course Sherlock knew this was coming, he just didn't know exactly when. It's like a women's period, she knows around what day it is to come but she doesn't know the exactly when it's going to happen. Sherlock can't hold back a whimper before he quickly gets up to walk to his room.
Sherlock always hides, even in his own home; he hides from John. He's lived with John for years and still he hides. Sherlock doubts John is the type to treat nekos harshly, but still, he can't help but be afraid.
He clears his throat and speaks at a normal tone. "Sherlock has struggled from many problems from a young age. Depression, drug addiction, self-harm, an eating disorder, suicidal thoughts..."
a hand out for Sherlock to shake. Sherlock doesn't do handshakes. Mark seems to get the hint, pulling his hand away.
John has no idea why Sherlock locks himself in his room for almost a week twice a year. It's not his normal sulk, at least then Sherlock talks to him a bit.
Once I told John where the box under my bed was he took it and chucked it. He then told me it was going to be okay, we'd talk about it more tomorrow and that it was late and we needed sleep.
"Oh Sherlock" I mumble as I go into doctor mode and treat his wounds. Once I'm done I bring him in for a hug "I'm so sorry Sherlock, I'm here now, you have me and I'm not going anywhere"
Sherlock cuddles into John and lays his head on the doctor's chest. Sherlock sleepily kisses John's chest before saying
John stills his hand and mumbles "you're a neko....almost a week twice a year....oh god...you're in heat" Sherlock bites his lip ready for John to be mad, disgusted, for him to yell, and leave...
John applies a generous amount of lube to his cock before slowly pushing into Sherlock. John groans "oh god, you feel so good kitten. So beautiful."
Soon John returned with two bags, one with the movie and one with food. John handed me the food while he put the movie in. I opened the two boxes, one was sweet and sour pork and the other was almond chicken.
I drag the blade deep down my wrist, following my vain as I do the same to my other wrist. I groan in pain loudly as blood quickly falls into the water. My vision blurs and my mind gets fuzzy.
She says handing him a piece of paper. For the first time Sherlock actually looked at her. Light brown hair, natural. Olive complexion. A cat, obviously single.
"Lestrade called he has a case for us" I said as I went to put my empty mug in the sink. "Yeah, yes, let me go change and we can leave" he sets his mug down on the table and goes to his room.
"I'll text Lestrade for you" I look down "thank you" I only ever say thank you to John and Mrs.Hudson, John makes tea and I retreat to my room; I lay in my bed.
John sits down next to me. We end up watching movies; bad movies at that. Somehow John's arms wrapped carefully around me. For the first time in a very long time.... I felt loved. I knew in that moment that getting help was the right decision.
He's... He's too good for me. I don't deserve this. Any of it. He should be with someone that can actually offer him something. All I'm good for is disappointing people.
The scars all over my fat stomach, scars going down to the waist band of my trousers. The scars all over my upper arms, some very deep, some barely noticeable, the scars going down to my wrists where the new deep cuts are.
The ride back to the flat was silent. John stared out the window holding my hand as Mycroft stared at me; me staring right back.
"I pulled a few strings, you will be released today, someone will watch you at all times until tomorrow when we get to the rehab center. Clear?"
"John I... I want you to know that I really do like you. I have fur a long time. And I...I hope this isn't a one time thing. I want to be with you, I want you to want me..." Sherlock whispers blushing like mad.
"If you want I can help you though your heat...I am a doctor" John offers and Sherlock nods while blushing. John pulls Sherlock toward the bedroom.
We sat in silence for a while, an hour an 24 minutes and that's when John spoke "want to get carry out and watch a movie?"
"Excellent." She walks away then comes back a minute later with said dish. She sits him down at a table.
I stand up and walk to my room with out another word. I lay on my bed and let the tears come out as I try to breathe.
Is all I can manage to say. He smiles that beautiful bright smile that always makes me think he's too good for me.
I made some tea...then I heard a sob? No that can't be right, Sherlock crying? Sobbing? That's not Sherlock.
Sherlock is led away by the doctor. He really doesn't want to be here, but John's not the kind of doctor that can help him.
I picked at my food barely eating. The movie is good, it's about a couple falling in love and blah blah blah, what surprised me is that the couple is gay.
Mycroft looks at me like he's just put two pieces together. At this point Greg is sitting next to Mycroft and is holding his hand. I've never seen Mycroft look so human before.
"Yes, thank you for the deduction" Sherlock whispers not trusting his voice but can't help the sarcastic comment that comes from his mouth. John reaches out and pets the ears. Sherlock whimpers and leans into the touch.
From then on they were together in all senses of the word. John convinced Sherlock he didn't need to hide. So sherlock stopped hiding his tail and ears, he is so much happier now that he doesn't have to hide who he is.
Those two thoughts keep going though my head as I wait for the ambulance. Once it gets here I get in the back as the EMTs bring Sherlock in and drive for the hospital.
He twirls some of the pasta into his fork. He just looks at it. Slowly, he takes the bite. Chewing it and finally swallowing.
"I like romcoms every now and again, we can get a different kind of movie if you want." He looks back to his phone "no, no, a romcom is fine." I walk to the door "I'll be back with food and a movie."
"I do, I should have been there for you, I shouldn't have left you to deal with this alone. I should have held you, told you that it's alright, that I'm here, that I'm not leaving, that you are amazing, that I love you" His voice cracks a bit from trying to hold back the tears and I can't help but let a few tears roll down my cheeks.
"Lets get some sleep, love, we have a busy day tomorrow. I need to keep you in my sights at all times so is it alright if I sleep in here?"
I let some tears fall from my eyes as I slowly kiss him back. He pulls back all to soon and stands up "why don't we go back to the flat, yeah?" I nod and stand up too. We walk back to the flat together in silence.
I squeeze my eyes shut and shake my head to try to stop the words from echoing in my head. John intertwines his fingers with mine and gives me a sad smile.
John thrusts and soon both he and Sherlock are moaning. John hits that wonderful bundle of nerves and Sherlock goes crazy, he makes the most beautiful mews.
I wake up an hour and 17 minutes later. I slowly sit up and look at the clock: 6:34pm. I stand up and walk into the sitting room after I smooth out my clothes.
As I make a pot of coffee I notice that John is just waking up. "Coffee, John?" I ask, he rubs his eyes and looks up at me.
I walk into the lounge and sit on the sofa. "you were on there for a while, I thought I heard crying..." I look up at him "you thought wrong" I say my voice cracking slightly. He walks over to me
The scars all over his upper arms, some very deep, some barely noticeable, the scars going down to his wrists where the new deep cuts are.
"Sherlock, please hear me out" I know that he'll make me listen to him what he has to say no matter what, so I just stay quiet, when I don't interrupt him again he continues.
He says with a smile. He asks a girl how she's been feeling and what's been on her mind. Sherlock tunes her out. He doesn't want to be here. He wonders what John is doing right now...
Sherlock gladly kisses back. This is all so knew, John is not leaving; John wants him. Sherlock breaks the kiss for air and purrs lowly.
Soon I feel both the physical and emotional pain, I just want it to stop. I open the box again, I grab a needle and a small bottle. It hurts to move my arm but it'll be worth it.
John is sitting on his chair on is laptop. I sit on the sofa and read the news paper. Nothing interesting is in the paper, so I set the paper down and stare at John.
I get up and walk down the stairs, I walk past the kitchen and raise my hand to knock when I hear a groan of pain.
I lay in my bed for 27 minutes feeling numb. Finally I get up and carefully put my clothes on, I dabbed the blood on the carpet with some tissues. Another stain, well no one but me is ever in my room so it doesn't matter.
He's led down a hallway with a lot of rooms. She stops in front of a door that has the number 1002 on it.
Suddenly the door bursts open and John comes in, I thinks it's just an hallucination, yeah, it has to be. "I'm sorry John, I love you" I say to the hallucination before everything goes completely black.
I nod. "They are, I didn't think I'd like it here, but I kinda do... They really do care and just want to help.
We are finally at the crime scene. We get out and walk to the body, Donovan sees us... "The freak's here" she calls out.
Over the years Sherlock has come to love John. He's tried not too, but he has fallen for John. Sherlock knows it's stupid, especially when John goes on dates with human women.
I have to call 999 quickly, he's lost too much blood. I quickly call for an ambulance as I try to stop the bleeding. I manage to subdue the bleeding a bit, and the ambulance should be here soon.
I fill the needle with speedball, coke and morphine, though heroin can be used instead of morphine, I like speedball with morphine more.
I sat up  and smiled at how cute John is sleeping and kissed his cheek. I pulled a blanket over him before I went to my room. I carefully striped before crawling in bed wishing I was wrapped in John's arms. I fell asleep thinking about my John.
Yes, that's all Sherlock wants, to be good for John. For John to be proud of him, to be John's good boy. John grazes his teeth against Sherlock's ear lobe.
He leans in and kisses me "promise me you'll stop this, all of it. I can't loose you" he whispers, I whisper back "I promise"
"even after I got to uni, after uni, no one ever changed. I'm just a worthless unlovable freak" I say putting my head in my hands. I suddenly feel arms around me, I look up to see John is hugging me.
His lips feel nice, like I always imagined. He suddenly pulls way and stutters "I-I'm sorry" as he quickly leaves the flat.
"I'm sorry John, I sh-shouldn't have..." I trail off, John rests his hand on mine. "No, I'm sorry, I'm sorry you don't see how amazing you truly are." John says pulling me lightly into a hug.
"I really mean it, I have missed you so much. I think about you every minute of every day. I can't stop thinking about what you'd say if you were here with me or if you would cuddle with me and-"
Soon the doctor comes out and says that he'll be fine, he just needs to heal, he's on a 48 hour suicide watch and we can go see him.
I closed the door to the flat and hailed a cab. I made the order for the food and wnt to the video store.
I watch John as he sleeps in the chair, all it took was pretending to be asleep for him to fall asleep. That chair must be so uncomfortable to sleep in.....
Unlike the shoe box that was under my bed, this only has one with in it. I take out the blade and hold it shakily. I go into the bathroom and run a bath. Once I get in the bath, the sobs calm down a bit.
Although Sherlock had always known, somewhere deep down, that his eldest brother meant well, he really
They were sitting on a bench on the South Bank, not far from Hungerford Bridge, facing the river. They each held a filled half baguette wrapped in a paper serviette, that Sherlock couldn’t remember buying.
Whenever either of them attempted to speak, a sound came out like a mouse being trampled on. So they stuck to whispering, so as to try and spare their voices and avoid comical sounds.
Eurus looked in the mirror and ran a hand through their hair. They really needed another haircut, they decided, as it had grown several millimetres again at the back of their neck. Hairstyles came in phases and Eurus was in a decidedly short phase this summer.
Since he wasn’t meant to exert himself, Sherlock carefully helped him up the stairs, reminding him repeatedly to take it easy while he supported him.
Absurd as it was, the mysterious ‘E’ (which was all she’d written below her number on the little slip of paper she’d given him) provided him with what felt like a much healthier mental outlet for his need for intimacy than either Mary or Sherlock could provide.
Sherlock’s eyes shot back up to John, who looked as if he’d just swallowed a bee. The shock on his face indicated that he probably hadn’t exactly meant to say what he just did. Not because it wasn’t true, but because it was, Sherlock realised.
Sherlock got up and looked on as Lestrade charged her with the murder of therapist Elsa Robins, manslaughter of Hannah’s look-a-like neighbour, as well as with inflicting grievous bodily harm on John Watson.
After the initial alarm of hearing those words had subsided, a relaxation set in that bordered on drowsiness, causing him to belatedly realise that John had gotten up into a half-sitting position and was spreading his kisses out all over Sherlock’s torso.
(Strange. He’d craved company just a few minutes before. He guessed she was the wrong kind of company.)
So after The Final Problem aired, many fans quickly came to the conclusion that there was no way the events as portrayed in that episode could be taken seriously, and they therefore had to be part of somebody’s horror dream. It was welovethebeekeeper who suggested in a tumblr post that in that case, the only reason to assume that Eurus is indeed Sherlock’s sister is because Eurus herself once implies so to John. And why would we believe her??
It wasn’t that it was actually chilly (it was the warmest month of the year, after all), but he was vaguely aware of the absence of a pleasant warmth that had been there before.
John pressed his lips together to half-heartedly suppress a mischievous smile. “Hmm. Would you like some fried eggs?”
Sherlock handed the little creature to John so as to have his hands free to be able to sign, and walked over to his youngest brother. “May I ask,” Sherlock signed, “Since you are an expert on appropriate names, what do you think about ‘Blackbeard’ as a name for this little dog?”
John followed soon after, Sherlock’s tightness becoming too much for him, as he grunted even less eloquently and a series of random noises escaped his throat, moments before collapsing on top of Sherlock in a messy heap of sweat and utter contentment.
A kitchen timer went off down the hall, calling away Sherlock’s attention and sending him darting out of the room.
Sherlock didn’t even try to restrain himself as he finally cried “OH! … GOD! … YES! … YES! … YES!” at the top of his baritone voice.
“I’m not ridiculing you.” Sherlock looks at him calmly, unmoved. Then, raising his eyebrows, he states, “I could give you one.”
Even after all these years, John had no idea how Sherlock could recognise his brother from the way he rang the bell, but there it was.
“Yeah, but, to be fair, you work with murder victims. They tend to be quite young,” Sherlock jested, in an attempt to lighten the mood. He put on his coat.
When he opened his eyes, a while later, he was still in the mortuary, but on a stretcher, nurses flocking around him.
He’d taken his last hit in the toilet half an hour ago. After all this, once he had secured a place in one of the hospital beds, it would be time to detox, of course. The mere thought sent a chill down his spine. He knew he was in deep. But a man had got to do what a man had got to do. For Faith. And for her father’s victims.
“You’re turning forty the month after next!” John had exclaimed. “Surely that calls for a party. We can invite some friends over, celebrate properly.” John had given him a meaningful look. “To compensate for all the years you haven’t.”
John looked back at Sherlock from under his brows with a somewhat apprehensive smile, his head hesitantly tilted downwards.
The third bed was unmade altogether. Its occupant probably never returned after finding out his one remaining dorm mate was missing, having left to alert the teachers.
“I still don’t understand what the deal was with Smith’s daughter, though. Why did you text her that message from his phone?” John asked.
So if anything, John needed therapy even more, now, but that obviously wasn’t going to happen. One minor limitation for that being the fact that John denied that anything was the matter. He just ascribed everything to his remaining dizziness and that was that, as far as he was concerned.
Eventually, by the time the fire had died down, John came in from putting Rosie to bed (and, apparently, a long chat with Irene upstairs), and he gently kissed Sherlock’s cheek. “What’s this?” he asked, gesturing towards the page with notes in Sherlock’s hand, that he’d torn out of his notebook.
Of course. He’d nicked Smith’s ruddy phone, John then realised, smiling internally. But what had he been doing with it and why? Despite not knowing, John already felt much better about this whole thing. At least there was some sort of plan, apparently, after all.
John watched the people milling about on a busy marketplace they passed, each with their own personal history, unknown to most others.
John carefully kneeled between Sherlock’s legs and started showering his cock with attention in the form of gentle strokes and kisses. Soon, Sherlock slipped in a second finger. Truth be told, John was having a hard time concentrating on what he was doing with what was happening just below him. And frustrating as it was, he couldn’t tell if Sherlock’s soft moans were because of
Sherlock remembered her so much more clearly than him – in spite of having tried to delete her bullying from his mind.
John helped Mrs Hudson get up and slowly walked her to the front door. A cab was pulling up to the kerb just in the moment they got there.
Sherlock genuinely thought he couldn’t take it any longer. He had been half-hard the entire morning. Now he was rock-hard.
“You need to lure her with something that she wants,” Hannah said one morning. “Something not related to you two. Or me. Maybe make a list of her interests besides, you know, threatening and harming people.”
Then, just as John and Chloe were debating which ship had the prettiest colours (“Da?”, “Da!”), suddenly, a cry of joy next to him.
Upon Sherlock entering his room, Sherrinford looked just as surprised and wary as he had the first time. But there was a definite hint of a smile in his gaze as well, subtle as it might have been, and he looked Sherlock in the eye for no less than two whole seconds.
Sherlock spent the next few minutes struggling with the many layers of sticky tape. Bit by bit, he tore pieces off of it, picking away at the clump and making it gradually smaller.
Hannah did stay with them, and thankfully, she and John turned out to get along just fine. (John had been a little wary at first, but Sherlock being
John opened his. It supposedly belonged to a woman called Susan Lee, with spikey, short black hair and dark eyeliner around her eyes. He frowned, swallowing hard.
Lestrade finished his teacup and heaved a sigh. “Well, that’s my duty done for the day. Not much else on at the moment, I’m afraid.”
At the morgue, they found Molly in the same cheerful mood as always. She was bending down to look into a dead woman’s ear when they entered and she continued to work while she greeted them.
Sherlock briefly pressed his lips together. “Yes, that’s what I thought, too. But it was the memory stick.”
A few days prior, they had started to study the alphabet in BSL in order to learn how to spell names. Sherrinford could now sign his own name and those of his family – which was no minor feat, seeing as letters had no meaning to him whatsoever; as he naturally didn’t associate any sounds with them. For him, they only corresponded with silent, vague, meaningless mouth movements.
John smiled and nodded, secretly a little proud, even though they probably said the exact same thing about every other baby they encountered.
Still, it was quite an operation they had planned, and which had to be executed absolutely flawlessly in order to have even a chance of success.
“Harold Chorley reporting earlier today,” the newsreader said. “Mr Smith stated he had no interest in bringing charges.” The footage cut away to Smith, in the mortuary, talking to a reporter. A strap at the bottom of the screen showed his name. “I’m a fan of Sherlock Holmes. I’m a big fan. I don’t really know what happened today. To be honest, I don’t think I’d be standing here now if it wasn’t for Doctor Watson.”
John raised his eyebrows and looked towards the door, which slowly opened halfway to reveal a blushing landlady.
“Hey, Greg, mate! How are you doing?” John asked, walking over to where Greg stood smoking. At least they were in the shade.
The plan was simple. He needed to get admitted to Smith’s hospital, which would be easy, really, with his current state of health. He was at least well underway in the right direction. He hadn’t really planned to keep up this level of drug use, kept telling himself he would soon quit, but if he needed to crawl further down this pit so he could catch a serial killer, then why not? He could crawl out afterwards. He’d done it before.
Sherlock hadn’t yet had the heart to explain to Sherrinford what he had been suspected of all this time and that
“He also painted himself holding an umbrella over me when I was little,” Sherlock said, “and nanny Forsyth being furious in the background. He was
The woman who had come to his flat pretending to be Faith was somehow linked to Moriarty. Maybe to his brother – another Moriarty.
Besides, she couldn’t imagine being able to survive the boredom of a so-called ‘normal’ life. She pulled a face at the mere thought.
– they strolled back towards Baker Street. It was a good half hour’s walk, but it was a lovely clear evening and they could both use some fresh air.
“Oh!” she exclaimed. “Wow. That’s… unexpected. But great! Really great! I’m so happy for you guys. I just… wow.”
He was so glad to be able to be out and about again, even though he was always very much on his guard for Eurus, of course.
He should most definitely leave this room, these halls of residence, this campus, and go home. At once.
Her previous infatuation with Sherlock had just been a silly phase that was well behind her now, and had been replaced by a remarkable friendship.
Sherlock, lying on his back, was calmly scrolling on his phone. The minute he noticed that John had opened his eyes, however, he put his mobile away and turned to look at him. “Morning,” he said, quietly, his eyes carefully scanning John’s face. “How are you feeling?”
“Murder castle, but done right.” Smith looked around briefly. “I have a question for you. Why are you here? It’s like you walked into my den and laid down in front of me. Why?”
Sherlock had read several accounts on rimming that had spiked his curiosity and he was now considering whether his inquisitiveness might outweigh his instinctive reluctance and hygiene concerns.
He’d gotten off the tube at this very station hundreds of times before, but even this felt different now, somehow. As he headed towards the exit, he glanced around at his fellow commuters on their way to an almost infinite number of different jobs and wondered which of them were homophobes who would look down on him if they knew what was going on in his mind right now, which of them were gay or bi themselves, and which of them might even be in a similar position, on the threshold of a very different life with someone of the same sex. Or with a best friend. Or both, like himself.
Mrs Hudson would be away visiting her sister anyway, so they didn’t have to feel guilty about not inviting her.
John didn’t mind the rain, even though he had no umbrella. In the arid heat of the Afghan deserts he had made a vow never to complain about precipitation ever again in his life. If anything, the typical London drizzle made him feel at home.
From then on, Sherlock went to visit Sherrinford twice a week, sometimes together with John, and they would spend a couple of hours drawing together, in silence, just being in each other’s company.
When they were seated inside the car, John tried to fish for information once more. “So... what are we doing here? What’s the point?” he asked, hoping to get an actual answer this time.
Then, a sudden realisation hit John, like a stone landing in his stomach. “Your detox medicines. Have you been taking them?”
John nervously looked around him, feeling awkward, and replied: “Take a cab back to the hotel. Pay the cabby double to make it fast.”
When he came back, after having changed her nappy and tucked her in, he found Sherlock had made tea.
Maybe he should try it too, Sherlock thought to himself, mockingly. Alternatively, he could just stop caring so bloody much.
Sherlock briefly closed his eyes and made an effort to put some venom into what he said next. “The mole had been Mrs Smallwood’s assistant at the secret services, working from the inside. Vivian Norbury.”
At least they then knew for certain that she had a partner in crime – as the robbery had unquestionably been committed by two people – although they still didn’t know more than his approximate height and the fact that it was a man owning a balaclava helmet, which had all been rather bloody disappointing at the time.
God, it felt good to do this. John didn’t care if the whole world saw that he wanted this man – as scary as that was. Of course, even if Greg Lestrade had turned the corner at that instant, he wouldn’t have realised who it was John was snogging, as the git was in disguise. Which, by the way, taught John that beards do indeed tickle, even fake ones.
No one to help him figure out how to walk the fine line between trust and suspicion, on which he had recently so decisively failed to keep his balance.
He’d texted elaborately with Sherlock throughout, as well. Although those texts had been of a significantly more innocent nature, of course, cheeky as they might often have been. Frequently, when Rosie woke him up in the middle of the night, Sherlock would also be awake and the texts they exchanged, though inconsequential and irrelevant in every sense, had been the bright spots that had made John keep going.
Grimacing, Sherlock slumped into another chair, beside the table. “I’m a mess; I’m in hell,” he continued, more quietly. “But I am not wrong.” He pointed to Smith’s photo on the laptop. “Not about him.”
“But he’ll come around, I’m sure,” Rose continued, unperturbed. “He just needs a little time to be pissed off. I’m carrying his
The kitchen table was still full with lab equipment from last week’s experiment, which was probably why John had chosen to sit at the desk in front of the window. The bright morning sun backlit his silhouette while he was sipping coffee.
He was sure he could quite easily overpower her if he had to, but she wasn’t actually posing a threat, even if he felt in danger. Was she? He was probably just being ridiculous again. Paranoid.
The idea terrified him to no small extent – seeing as getting married had not turned out to have been a very good idea the last time he’d tried it – and he almost dismissed it straight away (just as he’d done with all the other inane ideas that had popped into his head in the past two weeks). But on the other hand, the longer he thought about it, the more it seemed like the perfect solution. As he stared blankly ahead – the coffee slowly cooling in his grip – the part of him that never wanted to make a fool out of himself by vowing eternal loyalty to another person in front of everyone he knew ever again, was quickly being overshadowed by the part that wanted nothing more than to shout from the rooftops that Sherlock was his Everything: not only for the world to hear but especially also for Sherlock to hear.
“So tell me, how has life been in London?” Sherlock’s mother asked, after the waiter had left, with a smile in Sherlock’s direction, apparently in an attempt to change the subject. “I’m so glad to see you again after all these months,” she continued, not stopping even so much as to breathe, much less give Sherlock an opportunity to answer her question. “Just lovely. I hope you’re not feeling uncomfortable being together here in
“No, but I suppose it’s not very hard to stick one onto your face when you don’t want to be recognised.”
When early morning sunlight started to filter through the canopy of a large tree outside John’s window, Sherlock began to hear new sets of footsteps in the corridor. Change of shift, change of gaits.
“No, it’s alright. You don’t always have to come during sex, you know. It’s fine. I just want to lie here with you like this for a bit.” He pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s temple. “We’ve got all the time in the world.”
