But John shook his head abruptly and smoothed his hands up Sherlock’s sides. “No, sod that. Let me hear you.” He bent low and kissed Sherlock’s chest with closed lips, right over his heart. “Please, I want to hear you.”
Sherlock shuffled upward a bit to kiss him more deeply. John’s arm snaked around his waist. Sherlock was leaning into him, and John shifted a bit forward so he could roll onto his back and pull Sherlock on top of him. Sherlock followed him down, settling onto John’s body like the world’s warmest blanket. Everything outside the little sanctuary of the two of them didn’t seem to exist, anymore.
After a few more fruitless passes over a page so filled with jargon he could have drowned in it, Sherlock dropped his pen on the coffee table and rubbed at his temple. Maybe he should just call it a night. Get one of his secretaries to give him a Cliffsnotes version of it on Boxing Day.
John inched his hand closer in the space between them, but didn’t touch; morning would come soon, and John couldn’t rob him of the only peace he’d seen on him in far too long. His fingers itched, his entire body resisting that instinctive tug toward Sherlock’s warmth, but John kept himself still. Kept himself at the same arm’s length Sherlock had been keeping him emotionally, and wondered if Sherlock felt that same emptiness in his own heart, that agony of being so close but still unable, still unwilling to make that final reach.
“You don’t need to do this all the time, John,” Sherlock said quietly. He found John’s other hand too, and threaded his fingers through it. “I told you, I’m feeling better today.”
“I know…you weren’t so keen on me getting married. And,” he paused. He looked like he was searching for something in Sherlock’s face. “I don’t know whether it was because you never warmed up to Mary, or because you thought I was – abandoning you, or something – no, don’t – don’t argue…”
John’s eyelids were fluttering, struggling to stay even half open. “’m sorry,” he mumbled; his head lolled in Sherlock’s lap. “Didn’t see…stupid…wasn’t thinking…”
He shifted upwards on the bed to plant a hard kiss in the middle of John’s forehead. He moved down, did the same at the crease of his brow, making John suck in a hard breath. He felt himself shaking as he laid kisses on each of John’s closed eyes, then finally shifted back to seek his already-parted lips.
They’d hit him over the head, one of his men, the burly one, and Sherlock only just had time to see him fall before he was wrenched back to Moriarty, hadn’t seen what they’d done with him –
Sherlock took his time, gradually moving lower. John’s shoulder sang out with relief, as the pressure melted away, carrying the tension with it. He hummed out his appreciation.
Sherlock’s jaw hardened as he sucked in another breath – a horrible, stifled sound that made John’s insides twist. But he sighed a bit, and the tension in his body seemed to relax a little and he pushed a smile up onto his face as he opened his eyes.
“Sleep now, John.” He whispered, his voice cracking under the weight of everything John hadn’t been able to carry for him. “I’m here. I’m always right here.”
Sherlock felt as though a weight had dropped onto his chest. Dad’s eyes were bright and earnest – he wasn’t wearing his glasses – full of a depth of emotion that Sherlock hadn’t seen on him in months.
“Two hours and we could get there twice,” Sherlock said, his voice deeper than John had ever heard it.
Sherlock gasped out loud. His knees were about to give out. John noticed and took the opportunity to grab him by the shoulders and hold him steady.
“My brilliant husband,” John was saying now. It was like listening to a voice he’d never heard before.
Sherlock couldn’t contain his gasp this time. His entire body was on fire, burning where John’s lips had brushed his skin, just for a second and yet had branded him with the most precious of marks, a mark Sherlock would feel there as long as he lived. For all time.
He couldn’t dial; his hands were shaking so much they could barely land on the screen. Lestrade stood up and gently took the phone from him before he could drop it.
John pulled him down for another kiss as he worked his hand over both their cocks, thrusting his own hips upward into Sherlock’s rhythm. Sherlock’s chest was pressed against his as they rocked together, his shoulders tensed with effort, the muscles of his arse clenching and unclenching. The tiny bedframe creaked softly with the movement, ringing out in the quiet.
Still, the sudden proximity, the increased warmth emanating from Sherlock’s body, seemed to give John a burst of courage. Before it could fade from him, he made himself speak.
“No, absolutely not,” Sherlock agreed, and now he was beginning to feel some of that relief, too. Wherever he may have imagined this would lead, he knew that he couldn’t bear to lose John’s friendship. “It can just be something for Dartmoor, then.”
“That’s not me. When I was young and successful, I was foolish and constantly on my guard. And now here I am, still with no one, wrinkled and alone.”
Then his breath hitched as Sherlock’s fingertip pushed inside him – just barely, just the slightest amount of pressure that made that tight ring of muscle relax, but it made the fire in John’s belly erupt. His entire body was alight, all heat, all want.
The breath was knocked out of him again as Sherlock began to push his second finger in alongside the first. Gently, and
in his expression, that he felt his heart swell with the truth of it. He raised a gentle hand to John’s face, brushing a thumb just under those perfect blue eyes, those eyes that held him steady and sure in an unfamiliar place, those eyes that drew him back whenever he was lost or lonely, and Sherlock shook his head.
John wasn’t applauding with them, but had his eyes fixed on Sherlock, bright and brimming with what could only be described as adoration. He glowed in the studio lights, and opened his lips to mouth an unmistakeable
“Oh, God,” Sherlock groaned, quietly. “It’s the longest street in the world, and I have absolutely no idea.”
They sat themselves in the chairs facing the desk, holding hands across the gap. John’s eyes were closed. He had to hold back, hold back,
He handed Sherlock’s jacket back to him, and stepped out the door with a nod, leaving Sherlock blank, baffled, and with a strange sort of tugging sensation in his chest.
The air outside was getting colder, which only made the office feel stuffy and crowded. People had been bustling in and out all day, in various stages of stress trying to get their designs in for increasingly demanding clients. Sherlock was with one in his office right now, apparently having a very frustrating conversation, seeing as he kept pacing back and forth and running his hands through his hair.
“It…isn’t much, I know.” Sherlock cleared his throat and cast his eyes downward. “I just thought…I wanted you to know…”
His mind was still whirling with unease, but he crossed back over to the bed, and slipped in under the covers next to John. He was still just in his pants, which was probably a mistake since it would be cold tonight, but at that moment there was nothing he wanted to do more than feel his bare skin up against John’s, to wrap himself around him and let his warmth seep into his body. So he did – he shuffled inward until he could press his chest to John’s side, throw an arm across his chest and, for good measure, tangle his legs around one of John’s.
it was what Sherlock needed; sweet and luxurious, deep and powerful, John’s cock sending hot spikes of pleasure through every cell in his body with every hard brush over that sensitive bundle of nerves.
John said nothing, but indicated that Sherlock should open it. Sherlock stared at him for a heartbeat, two, three, before complying. He pulled open the flap and pulled out two long strips of cardstock.
True to his word, John drove Sherlock home in his rented car after he’d finished tidying up. He didn’t think he’d heard Sherlock say a word all day. Come to think of it, he didn’t think he himself had said anything since that morning either.
John’s eyes clouded over with surprise and emotion as he blinked down at it. “Oh, Sherlock…” He flipped open the cover; the spine creaked pleasantly, the heavy parchment pages fluttering under his thumb. “It’s
He stroked the thumb of one hand up John’s cheek – the barest, tenderest of gestures – and it made something dense and heavy press against the roof of John’s mouth.
Lestrade lifted his head and gave them both an irritated scowl. John just smiled back innocently, and Sherlock felt his own lips quirk upward in spite of himself.
Sherlock made a move to step closer, to finally close this interminable space, but at that precise moment a car horn sounded and pulled him out of his reverie.
John held the note, even and perfect. Sherlock gave a little vibrato to the note he was sustaining, letting John’s voice ring out in gorgeous harmony.
“Not terrible, no” She was giving him a subtle sort of smile, like they were sharing a secret. “But things I’m sure weren’t true, all the same. After all, it seems like the work you’re doing is
“Mycroft got you here too, then?” Mrs. Hudson lowered herself into a chair and folded her hands tightly in her lap. “Thank goodness. Always good in a crisis, that one. I was so flustered I wouldn’t have known
To his own surprise, Sherlock found himself huffing out a laugh, though there was hardly more than a breath behind it.
“Oh, I – don’t want to make you late for your concert,” Sherlock said, quickly. Oh, no. He was about to cock things up for John’s entire
,” he said, with an amused sigh. “And no, I’ve just had it. So listen, when are you two driving back?”
The crowd roared with appreciation as he stood there, stark naked but for his high silver boots and the skin-coloured pants the studio required him to wear behind the guitar, beaming up at them all. Maybe this was the stupidest, most ridiculous thing he’d ever done in a career of stupid, ridiculous things, but he didn’t care. In that moment, as he bent his legs suggestively and mimed strumming at the guitar, he felt young, and wild, and blissfully exhilarated.
The drive back felt eons longer than the drive out. John kept up a semi-lighthearted conversation with Lestrade throughout most of it, though mainly because he felt compelled to, feeling far less comfortable than he sounded. Sherlock, of course, hardly contributed, mostly silent behind the wheel, and John talked to distract himself from what hung in the space between them, that heavy undeniable tension that refused to dissipate even as they left Dartmoor far behind them.
John pursed his lips, feeling tears well up in his eyes, emotion rising up to create a dangerous blockage in his throat.
“Sorry I slept through the day again,” he murmured quietly. Sherlock’s breath was warm against his skin.
John took the phone from Sherlock’s outstretched hand. On the screen was a drawing of the London skyline at night, with the river in the foreground, white as snow.
“I do.” Mycroft stared past Sherlock and down the hallway towards the double doors. “John once promised me that he would look after you. He hasn’t yet finished his required term, and I shall be
Dad reached out and tried once more to slick Sherlock’s hair back to lie flatter. Sherlock jumped backwards.
John sighed gratefully. He pushed himself up to sitting with some effort, letting Sherlock guide him. He took the pills and swallowed them down with the glass of water Sherlock offered him, washing the dryness from his throat.
wondered if John had reciprocated Magnussen’s disgusting interest. The idea made him want to be sick, now.
they all were – people were falling all over themselves to see them in concert, just to catch a glimpse of them even as they went about their business around the city –
He didn’t move away, and neither did Sherlock. Behind them, the kids were still singing, exuberant and oblivious.
Every emotion in John’s brain seemed to flood to the surface in the same instant. He pressed his lips together, to prevent them from spilling out all at once.
John looked downward to see Sherlock holding out a small box he had been concealing in his other hand behind his back. It was simple and black, without any label, and tied up with a red silk ribbon.
The President turned toward a reporter shoving a microphone in his face, and Sherlock looked back over the crowd again – but there was too much flurry of movement, and he couldn’t see John anymore.
They sat together on the sofa, Sherlock in an armchair opposite. He smiled at John, then bent over to rummage in his bag to avoid intruding on them while they exchanged their gifts. Harry seemed satisfied, and unwrapped hers with a pleased smirk.
“Sure,” John breathed out, still reeling. He crouched over his bag to find a fresh set of clothes while Sherlock slipped out through the door and back to his own room, and felt that pit of dread grow darker.
Sherlock allowed his lips to turn up into a smirk, a twinge of pride swelling up in his chest as John stared daggers at their wide-eyed suspect.
“Oh, Jesus, not that crap again!” Sherlock yelled into the receiver. More laughter and cheers greeted this, but Sherlock hung up the phone before he could hear more than the opening notes of that wretched song.
The shot of John, and only John, with his head over Mary’s shoulder as they swayed in a slow circle. The camera followed his movements, blocking Mary out of the shot, and focusing in on John’s closed eyes, the gentle smile on his mouth.
of a gunshot, and Sherlock leapt out, in time to see John slam their suspect against the wall and level his gun against his chest.
“Well, thank goodness I get to hear about your increasingly pathetic attempts to find true love, otherwise I might never get through the day.”
He was tall, with a high brow line like Sherlock’s, but there was a haughty air in his face and his hair lay flat.
“Yeah,” John breathed. He wasn’t sure he could say anything else just now; just that whisper of a touch made his skin tingle in anticipation. He settled his hands on Sherlock’s broad shoulders, the warmth of him grounding John, giving him something to hold on to.
“Hey, come on. It’s been too long since I saw you have a go at something inanimate.” John was chuckling now, feeling light, and he swiveled in Sherlock’s arms to bring their lips together again, tasting his smile. His hands rested at the small of Sherlock’s back and he was solid as ever, holding John up, holding him close, but there was that something again, that bit of…
John was practically vibrating with insane, reckless energy. He’d been holding it back all morning, waiting for a moment to tell him.
“Of course.” Mrs. Hudson smiled as she slung Sherlock’s coat over her arm. “I’ll see if I can’t do something about this stain.”
“Alright,” Sherlock said, and John opened the door. “I won’t be long,” he called to the driver as he stepped out.
He followed Sherlock’s mouth as he shifted slightly above him, giving himself room to stroke John slowly from base to tip. A desperate little moan pushed its way out of John’s throat as Sherlock thumbed over the slit, still so slowly, and John felt his hips rise up instinctively into the touch, craving
John had never looked forward to going to work as much as he did these days, and he knew exactly why that was. It wasn’t because of the film, obviously, with it’s directors’ short fuses and endless incredibly specific needs for every shot. No, it was because talking with Sherlock had become the highlight of every day for him.
Behind him, he closed the bedroom door halfway, and stood completely still until he heard John tramp down the stairs. Then he sucked in a huge breath, shaking on the exhale and feeling his entire body tremble.
Sherlock writhed and moaned underneath him, sweet fire pooling at the base of his spine, and John’s thrusts were gentle and building but still he needed more,
“Oh, you’re magnificent,” Sherlock whispered. Slowly, he buried his finger in deeper, up to the second knuckle, then the third, all the while keeping a firm grip on John’s arse cheek with his free hand.
“How was school?” Sherlock asked. He’d dropped his book and laid a slender arm around John’s shoulders.
Despite himself, he gave a little smirk at the knowing glint in her eye. There was really no getting anything past her.
John smiled, his body slowly sinking further into heaviness. “Tomorrow’ll be your turn,” he muttered. His words were a bit sloppy, pressed into Sherlock’s skin. “I’ll make you feel that good, too.”
“So were you.” Sherlock’s voice was barely above a murmur, his smile slight but displaying the entire fullness of his heart.
“If you were an especially good sailor, you’d only have to find it again and adjust your course,” Sherlock went on, chuckling too. “And if not, then you’d turn around and use it to plot your way home. Point yourself northeast and follow it straight into the Port of London.”
“Thank God that’s over,” Sherlock said with a sigh. John wasn’t sure if he meant driving with Lestrade or the whole Dartmoor thing in general, but John nodded in agreement.
“Ambulance.” Sherlock struggled to keep himself from shouting as he pressed the scarf into John’s side. “My husband, he’s been stabbed – we’re in the alley behind 403 Presbury Street.”
And through the glass, Sherlock saw him. The small, blond boy, dressed in a blue winter coat, and handing his ticket over to the attendant.
Sherlock added more pressure, grabbing handfuls of skin at John’s shoulders, massaging deep and hard, hitting his every muscle in a way that made it sing out with relief. But John wasn’t thinking about his muscles anymore – the pain in his neck was long gone, and Sherlock was making him feel
A low guffaw burst from Sherlock’s throat, his mouth twisting endearingly as he tried to muffle it, and he sidestepped quickly in John’s direction to shove him playfully in the side.
The gates parted, and the motorcade sailed smoothly through them. Outside, a small but boisterous crowd had amassed on the opposite side of the street, held out of the way by a dozen or so guards, and cameras and microphones were jostling for position, flashing through the tinted windows, searching for their first glimpse.
He dove back in, kissing Sherlock hard and fast, and then started down his body, kissing the cleft of his chin, the mole on his neck, that place in the hollow of his collarbone that made Sherlock’s entire body shiver.
John straightened his tie in the mirror on the inside of their closet, pulling the stubborn knot to look as close to normal as he could get it. He smoothed down the lapels of his suit, still feeling mildly uncomfortable in it, but supposing that he looked okay. Or as good as he had expected to look, at forty.
“I am…sorry for my harshness over the phone earlier.” He’d lowered his eyes into his lap. “I didn’t yet know what had happened.”
.” John’s hand was clenched around Sherlock’s forearm, as though he was afraid Sherlock might leap up and storm off to fight the host whose show was being piped though the station’s overhead speakers. “Just try to laugh about it. It shows you’re a good sport.”
He smoothed over the stiches one more time, then leaned in to kiss right above them, hovering close to John’s heart. He held himself there for only a little bit longer than usual, breathing only a little bit heavier against John’s chest, but John felt the difference as surely as if Sherlock had etched in into his skin; he held Sherlock against him with some fitful hope that maybe he could keep him from slipping back again, and marveled at how so intimate a touch could all the same feel so distant.
John drew backward a little, dragging his cheek along Sherlock’s and hovering at his lips, almost touching. Then he leaned in, and Sherlock met him, kissed him slow, and sweet, and tender.
Harry glanced down at them, then looked back into his face, her eyebrows pinched. “What’s going on with you?”
The next sonata struck up, slow and jubilant, and John drew Sherlock close into him, pressing them together from chest to ankle. Sherlock tucked his head in next to John’s cheek and swayed with him, slowly, back and forth, to Perlman’s gliding, swooping melody. They rotated in a slow circle, not really dancing but just holding each other – holding each other to the rhythm of this romance, this deep, wordless, love song. Just feeling each other, and knowing, as Sherlock knew they both did at that moment, that this was a place without uncertainty, without doubt. Everything here was whole and true, and always would be.
Christmas Eve, and the school car park was packed. Parents, children, extended families were flooding into the auditorium for the end-of-term concert, some of them carrying instruments, others homemade costumes for the nativity play. Sherlock was thrumming with nerves, his heart pounding so loudly he was sure everyone around his could hear it. His eyes darted around the slow-moving crowd, searching for a shock of blond hair…
The though twisted his insides around with a violent jerk. He though he might vomit; he took a few more staggering breaths, desperately trying not to think beyond that, knowing that if he thought of anything else – if he wondered what had happened when he gave it to her, or any time since then, or even before – he would lose it completely.
He stood at the far end of the counter stirring sugar into his cup and listening to the doctors’ voices ring out through the room. He couldn’t retain anything they were saying – the words slipped out of his head as fast as they came in and landed in a pile on the floor – but they were so unaffected, so carefree in their conversation that Sherlock couldn’t make himself leave, even though each time they burst into laughter made him want to double over and empty his stomach onto the cracked tile floor. One of the men had a giddy, high-pitched giggle that stood out in counterpoint his friends’ lower, coarser laughs, and the sound hit Sherlock like a blunt object to the back of his head, making him clutch the side of the counter as his brain spun in his skull.
John nodded slowly, jaw set in a firm line: the subtlest indication to the experienced John-watcher of barely contained revulsion. “So she picks off her mark’s family, strikes fear into his heart, so he knows she’s coming for him and then…”
“And don’t let me catch you again, or I’ll put you both in detention,” John went on sternly as he passed by them. “You wouldn’t want another session mopping up the gym floors, would you, Alex?”
Sherlock’s coat fluttered slightly in the breeze. He was staring back, making no move to leave, looking so desperately wistful that John wished he could pull him close and wipe that look away.
If John hadn’t seen him run out there and shed his clothes, he wouldn’t have believed he was real. He looked like an apparition straight from a fairy tale – a beautiful spirit sent to capture the heart of the lonely traveller.
Sherlock kept his eyes closed. If there was one thing he knew he couldn’t do, it was watch John walk away again. Not now.
“Please, between the two of us we’ll find the answer, and it won’t hurt anymore,” he said, desperately.
“No, no, not that.” John said quickly. He smoothed his hand gently up Sherlock’s back, though he was unsure now if he was trying to comfort him or just get back that gentle closeness of a few moments ago. He wished he hadn’t said anything.
he’d forgotten it was her class’ music period, and she’d have gone to fetch them from it. No matter. She’d be back in a couple minutes.
“Come on, they’re expecting us at seven,” John said – his tone was trying to be urgent, but his face gave away how dreadfully unexcited he was.
“Well, here it is one more time,” said Mike, now fiddling with the dials on his setup. “The dark horse for this year’s Christmas number one,
John burst into giggles beside him; he couldn’t help it. The wine they’d had at Angelo’s was running warm through his veins – they’d had a bit more than usual, savoring their glasses alongside each sumptuous course and the quiet intimacy of the restaurant as the snow floated down in flurries outside their window. They’d laughed loudly and kissed often, infected by the beauty of the atmosphere, rejoicing in each other’s company in that wonderfully comfortable way that came so naturally to them now. They’d been too caught up in the magic of the evening to let it end when the check came, so instead they’d pulled on their coats and had foregone all the cabs, walking home through snowflakes dancing in the light of the street lamps.
He straightened up, and kept working down John’s back. It only took a few minutes for John to feel looser than he had all week. He sighed, contentedly, but the feeling of relaxation was fading to the back of his mind, now, the longer Sherlock’s hands were on him. The warmth of them, the skill of them, the way they were drawing up the heat inside him to the surface with every sweet, reverent touch. A different kind of tension was building up in his body.
“It’s a terrible song, John.” Sherlock was still staring straight ahead. “This is never going to work.”
as his entire body trembled – the fire burning in low embers in his chest flaring up into red-hot bursts of sensation. Sherlock moved slowly, rocking in and out of John almost unbearably gently, and still the feeling of him around him, inside him made every inch of John’s skin cry out with sublime intensity.
He was relieved that Sherlock’s eyes didn’t falter as he appraised the wound, satisfied. “Quite right,” Sherlock said quietly, and there was a matching confidence in his expression as he cleaned around the stitches, still so gentle, so careful.
It took everything he had not to think about what the doctor had last said – what they’d both been desperate to know, and then desperate not to. It had been insulting. Hardly anything. An instant. It was a period of time long enough for an insect, or a terrible West End show, and giving it to the brilliant, wonderful, extraordinary Sherlock Holmes was nothing short of offensive. But still John held fast onto it, wide awake and watching, as both his sentence and his parole slowly slipped by forever.
“Thanks, sweetheart,” John whispered. He knew the endearment would make Sherlock’s eyes crinkle at the corners, and was just a bit disappointed he couldn’t see them as he sighed contentedly into Sherlock’s collarbone. “Love you.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, of course we had to come,” Lestrade replied without a moment of hesitation. He gripped Sherlock’s shoulder solidly, looking at him with warmth.
Slowly, not taking his eyes off John’s, Sherlock shrugged himself out of his coat. He took another step into the room, and dropped it on the chair, on top of John’s.
Sherlock looked up, following where his father was looking. On the screen high above them under the words
Please note that this chapter contains some discussion of sexual harassment (not committed by John or Sherlock).
“Well…” he said, and halted. He felt suddenly tongue-tied. Everything he could possibly say felt like too much and yet still inadequate – but he couldn’t just leave without something,
“Ready?” John held Sherlock’s gaze firmly within his own, holding his own desire at bay with no small amount of effort until Sherlock gave his assent. Sherlock nodded, breathlessly, and John smiled sweetly and bent down to press a kiss to his top lip.
John sighed again, smiling as he took it. Sherlock was right – he’d stayed awake and mostly alert since that morning, and though he was pleased he’d gotten to enjoy so much of the day, it had still taken more out of him than he’d have liked to admit. Sherlock pulled him up to standing, and John let himself be led to the bedroom by Sherlock’s hand resting gently at the small of his back. Always supporting him. Always guiding him.
Sherlock was breathing as heavily as he had been after chasing down the fake Curtis. All traces of his post-case euphoria were forgotten, and it took him several moments to remember what he had been doing in the first place before he stopped to listen. He stepped back inside and sat down at the desk.
The second it clicked shut, John erupted – rough, painful sobs, clawing up out of his throat and hurling themselves out of his trembling lips, his entire body shuddering violently, unable to hold back anymore.
He kissed at Sherlock’s cheek again, then clumsily landed another one down at his chin. Finally, he found his lips, which were quirked gently upwards. They kissed slowly, lazily. Sherlock’s fingers were threading through the hair at the nape of John’s neck, and it sent affectionate warmth all down his spine.
John raised his hand to Sherlock’s face. He slid his thumb along that gorgeous cheekbone, the way he’d wanted to for so long.
They were on the sidewalk of Griff Street, in front of the entrance to Orlova’s building which had been sectioned off with yellow tape. Sirens wailed several blocks away, adorning the ambulance that had taken Sokolov away, complete with bullet embedded in her left arm and an impressive concussion inflicted afterward. A mercifully silent police car had taken Orlova as well, who had been treated for shock and taken down to the station to be questioned for a complete history of the relationship between his family and Sokolov’s. Sherlock didn’t envy him; even without factoring in his lack of control over his mental faculties, Orlova’s account was likely to take all night.
They let the last of the giggles escape them, then John sighed with a bright smile and stooped to pick up his bag. “I’d better go unpack,” he said, a bit shyly, a bit endearingly.
a load off my mind,” Sherlock shot back. He dropped into the chair beside Molly, plucking his coffee from the tray and pointedly not looking at his brother.
Harry’s Christmas Eve party was going to be a nightmare, like it always was. There would be hordes of people John didn’t know, prodding him about his love life and asking him all sorts of questions that would just make him want to shrivel up and die. They didn’t know it, obviously. But that didn’t help.
After a moment, Sherlock broke off, then reached toward the drawer of the nightstand. Massage oil wouldn’t do now, lube was needed, and John had just a moment to catch his breath while Sherlock slicked his fingers.
Sherlock sat himself down on the floor in front of his chair, with surprisingly little difficulty. John grabbed the blanket that was slung over the back of it and sat down beside him, throwing it over both their legs.
“Oh, good,” John gasped out, and he was across the room before Sherlock could even start to move toward him, wrapping his arms around him before Sherlock’s could find their rightful place across his shoulders, and kissing him, and kissing him, and kissing him some more.
And before he knew what he was doing, he’d stood up. His legs were stiff from sitting, and they trembled a little.
He stepped around the coffee table and sat next to Sherlock on the sofa. He folded his hands in his lap.
John was trying to do the math in his head, of how far away the nearest town would be that had somewhere to stay. His mind already felt too foggy to manage it.
It was the first time Sherlock had seen him not wearing a suit – he had on jeans, a light plaid button-down, and a maroon cardigan. And he had never looked more beautiful.
The guards shoved Sherlock’s coat back onto him and walked him through the door, back out into the airport’s main atrium where his father was leaning on a pillar, waiting for him.
with half a brain. Sherlock was doing his best to get them through it as quickly as they could so they could retreat back home sooner, but it was a difficult task when both the stores
John kept his eyes on the road, but he thought he could see Sherlock looking at him again, out of the corner of his eye. Well, he might as well hear it, hadn’t he? It wasn’t as if he knew what John was talking about.
Sherlock’s eyes were sinfully dark. “There’s an abandoned car park ten minutes from here, far away from any heavy traffic.”
Sherlock sighed – the sound fed back through the phone and crackled in his ear. “Sorry.” His own voice sounded stiff and lifeless.
John gave him a little nod, and began to press in lightly with his fingertips, moving them in slow circles.
“No.” John shook his head. “I’ve just split up with my girlfriend, actually, so I’m staying with my sister for a while.”
But he was hardly looking at the view outside. His gaze was fixed on Sherlock, how the ripples of fabric on his shirt smoothed out as he straightened up.
John pulled back then to look up at him, searching those beautiful eyes veiled with a thin sheet of concern.
a necklace –” he said towards the coat rack. “Or, if it’s sex and a necklace – or, if, worst of all –” he turned at last to look at John, “– it’s a necklace, and – love?”
of how incredibly much Sherlock loved him, and in how completely and unequivocally John returned that favour.
Sherlock paused for a moment before comprehension hit him, and he got up and followed his dad out of the room.
John sighed, resigned. “Two years, seven months, three days, and, I guess,” he swallowed, painfully, “an hour and thirty minutes.”
“They’ll have to get something great for you when you’re better, John,” Molly chimed in with a smile. “Maybe a celebratory serial killer to say ‘welcome back.’”
Two mugs of coffee in hand, Sherlock took a deep, steadying breath before turning around and walking out the door to the back tables. John was crouched over a plate of toast and beans, only the slightly mussed patch of hair at the back of his head to indicate that anything was out of the ordinary, and Sherlock crossed over and pushed one of the mugs toward him on the table.
“They’re healing well,” Sherlock said, beaming happily. His fingers brushed over the rough, knotted skin, the stitches barely detectable among the scar tissue. “Really well.”
Sherlock looked back at him, mouth open. It had barely been a sound, he wasn’t sure John had even said it, or if his ears were just playing tricks on him because of the sudden influx of voices outside, but, if he
“Thank God,” John said, stepping in and drawing out two takeout containers. He passed one to Sherlock. “You’d have broken my heart if you’d made me eat this alone.”
John let it flow into him, let it envelop him, pushing away all of his pain and leaving warmth in its wake. When he broke it off, it was only to push himself back into Sherlock’s embrace, and he settled his head on his shoulder and let his arm tighten around him, strong and steadfast, comforting.
The Prime Minister’s office: wood-panelled, dignified, and comfortable, with ancient furnishings and paintings, and a beautiful stone fireplace on one end. The place every English politician dreamed of being every moment of their professional lives. The place Sherlock had been planning on non-stop for
“Does it matter?” John asked, shrugging. “What’s the point of going through things logically, when in America, any bar could contain ten girls more beautiful, and more likely to have sex with me than the whole of the United Kingdom?”
John raced through the car park without looking back. The cab he’d taken here was parked at the edge near the street, the driver slumped in his seat with a magazine propped open on the steering wheel. John rapped on the window, and he jumped, then turned around and unlocked the door to let him scramble in.
“Almost certainly.” Sherlock passed him a file, open to a black-and-white headshot of gaunt, grey-haired man. “Dmitri Orlova, sixty-two. Andrei Orlova was his son.”
He’d found John’s face way at the back of the crowd. His blue eyes were wide with an emotion Sherlock couldn’t read. There was too much in the way.
John entire body was shuddering, bucking into Sherlock’s hand and pushing back onto his cock, and his head was spinning with endorphins, he couldn’t speak, couldn’t think, could only feel, feel the flame inside him blazing up into an inferno as Sherlock rocked into that perfect spot within him, those gorgeous fingers dragging gloriously over him, pulling him to the brink…
For the first time that night, Sherlock’s thoughts formed coherently around what had happened in that alley. How he’d been about to rush off after the suspect before John had held him back. How he’d let John go ahead of him in an attempt at surprise. He may as well have pushed him into the blade himself.
The moments stretched on and on as he stood outside the door, and he wondered for an awful second if John might not answer, but eventually he heard footsteps on the stairs inside, heavier than normal, and the door sung open.
Sherlock untangled himself from John to check. John had never seen a tinier bathroom – there was barely any space to stand between the shower and the toilet.
He’d been hoping at least to get some of the boring stuff done before turning in, but it really wasn’t looking very promising. His mind didn’t seem to be able to focus on any one thing, and he was spending most of his energy trying not to think about why that was.
“He’s the coolest boy in school, and everyone worships him because he’s heaven,” Sherlock finished, in a defeated tone.
John let his hand slacken, turned his palm upward to fit against Sherlock’s and held onto it. Sherlock’s eyes met his evenly, filled with a depth of emotion so genuine and vulnerable it robbed John of his remaining breath.
In one fluid motion, the latch clicked and the window was wrenched open. Sherlock leapt out of his hiding place and onto Orlova just as John stood up and fired.
“Disabled for the next fourteen minutes, on Mycroft’s command” Even here, in the adrenaline-fueled chase of a high-stakes break-in, Sherlock couldn’t quite keep the sneer out of his voice as he said his brother’s name. John clearly heard it too, and let out a single breath of laughter.
“Well, I’d have to be, wouldn’t I? Given that I’m the only one who knows how to navigate?” Sherlock swivelled around to face John completely, walking backwards through the snow.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied. “And I’m sorry about all the cock-ups. Not my fault, my cabinet are absolute crap. We hope to do better next year. Merry Christmas to you.”
John moved off quietly to the side. It didn’t matter, no one was looking at him anymore. All eyes were fixed on the images flashing on the projector screen. Sarah, young and wide-eyed. Next, slightly less saturated, her in a wedding dress next to a man with long hair. Soon after, visibly pregnant and smiling, the next, holding the newborn Sam. They flickered on, getting brighter all the time, Sam aging rapidly through them like a time-lapse camera, until the Sarah in the photos started looking thinner and more tired, and finally ended on the photo of her and John at City Hall, just last summer. She was as pale as her dress.
But what else was there to do? John had known him for less than a month. They couldn’t even speak the same
John slipped off the dressing gown and obeyed. He settled down on the soft sheets, with his head resting on his hands. His naked body was laid bare before Sherlock, and it sent a thrill out through his every nerve. He couldn’t quite see, but he suspected Sherlock was taking a moment to stare at him, to take him all in, and it made him feel incredible.
John, his amazing, beautiful, kind-hearted John, who would do anything for Sherlock, follow him everywhere he went, be there by his side however and whenever he needed him – and Sherlock was so overwhelmed by the undeniable devotion, the
“Thank you,” he said to him, once he’d returned to the sitting room. He handed Sherlock one of the mugs, and sat down in the chair opposite. “Thank you so much.”
“Hmm,” Sherlock agreed, but John thought he felt him swallow heavily before speaking. “Still, you’ve some ground to cover yet. Has the dizziness come back?”
good.” John said hurriedly, needing to assuage the uncertainty looking back at him. He needed Sherlock to know how much John wanted this. Needed him to stay.
,” Sherlock moaned, his breath coming faster every second. His eyes had fallen closed, his whole body alight with feeling, his entire world narrowing to the feeling of
” John all but yelled. Sherlock had frozen with his shirt half-buttoned, eyes wide. “I mean, don’t worry, we’ll –
He shut his eyes against it, and must have dozed off again, because suddenly light was streaming through the window and Sherlock was there with his usual kiss, ready to pull him into the bathroom with a motion now familiar as a well-practiced dance.
In a dirty pond, half-naked and holding onto a Portuguese Adonis, while his book lay soaked all around him, there was nothing he could do but laugh.
“Yeah,” John said, quietly. He was still thinking about Sherlock’s last picture, with the pair of lovers under the night sky. “I know what you mean.”
And then, with such a sudden burst of relief it surprised even him, a smile was pulling at his lips. A shining reprieve that washed everything else away, and brought him back, carried him home.
John stepped towards the door, then stopped. He should probably remind her to take another paracetamol in an hour or so. He popped his head back in the bedroom.
“I’ll be right back,” he heard Sherlock whisper sweetly against his skin, leaving a soft kiss in it’s wake, and for a moment it occurred to John not to let him go, to cling onto him till morning and damn the mess, but he dismissed the thought at the feeling of Sherlock’s gentle smile against his cheek – Sherlock knew best when it came to what John needed right now, after all. He trailed a hand down Sherlock’s arm as he gathered himself up and out of the bed, and closed his eyes, letting the sounds of him hunting for a flannel and running it under the tap trickle into his ears like a warm, babbling stream.
“And it’s the first time all the local schools have joined together, even Saint Basil’s which is most –”
and smitten when he heard them out loud. John swallowed heavily, and was fighting the urge to turn underneath Sherlock and hide his face in the mattress, when Sherlock’s face split into a wide smile.
Sherlock soon emerged with a steaming mug in one hand and a small plate of biscuits in the other; he smiled a bit shyly and set the biscuits on the table before pushing the mug into John’s hand. “Try to eat
His words were almost a plea, whispered roughly into Sherlock’s lips. It wasn’t just because of the wound that he needed it slow. He wanted to
“Love, please…” John’s hips tried to rut forward again, but Sherlock’s hands on his arse held him firm.
John nodded back, a bit relieved, as he let Sherlock take his hand and lead him toward the bathroom. He stayed quiet though; something was still troubling the back of his mind, something about those glimpses he kept catching that made a trickle of anxiety pool in his heart. Maybe he was imagining it – he must be, John thought, and bit his lip at the thought that he was still unable to really read Sherlock, even after all their years together. Still, even as Sherlock’s confident fingers smoothed over his skin, offering comfort in his touch and in his eyes and in his words, John couldn’t help but feel that he was holding something back – somewhere John couldn’t reach him.
They’d been out on a murder case out in some tiny village up north. The circumstances of it were strange enough to tempt them out to it – a locked room case, with the victim found dead of a gunshot wound in his study, with no one else around at his ancient manor house – but both Sherlock and John had been sure it would be a quick solve from the crime scene. Fewer suspects, and fewer places to hide evidence, and all that. But when they’d gotten there, there had been almost nothing to go on, and they’d worked well into the evening to try to dig up
The next day, Sherlock marched into the music teacher’s classroom with his violin and the sheet music already printed out, sat down, and started playing as soon as she opened her mouth to protest.
So much of what he was feeling was reflected back in John’s eyes, and Sherlock didn’t quite know how to express it.
Sherlock faltered, looking from Lestrade back to John, searching desperately in his face for a way out. But there wasn’t any to be found, and John knew it too – Sherlock could see it in the way his shoulders dropped with the smallest hint of a sigh.
“I mean, the dog, Dr. Frankland, the bloody minefield…” Lestrade’s arms were crossed in front of his chest as he rambled on, oblivious. “Good job Anderson wasn’t here, his team would've had a field day out in that hollow.”
The room seemed to go cold as Sherlock pressed a frail hand to his ribs, a strangled low noise coming from his throat while his face twisted in pain.
“Yeah, well,” John smirked back. He gave a deep satisfying exhale, as Sherlock worked his thumbs into his shoulder blade. “It wasn’t a planned thing.”
If Sam was right, and there really was one perfect person for everyone, clearly the boy had found his. She’d been his entire focus since his mother died, his source of joy and of pain, and the thing that made him trust John more than he ever had before.
Sherlock let out a quiet breath of laughter. “You need to rest, John.” John made a noise of protest, but Sherlock traced his fingers softly down his cheek. “It’s alright. Go back to sleep.”
“It’s true!” John said, more strongly. He didn’t know why he was suddenly so eager to prove this. “I’d get a girlfriend instantly in America.”
Sherlock exhaled a ragged breath, and his mouth pressed into a wavering line. A hand came up to cradle John’s face; John felt his wedding ring pressing lightly into his cheek.
Suddenly John gritted his teeth and let out a low whine; Sherlock could feel wetness against his palm where it pressed into fabric; John’s eyes were flickering closed.
Sherlock swallowed. A hot flush of shame was flooding up into his face, probably colouring his cheeks.
He heard her sigh loudly on the other end, but after a few more reassurances, got her to admit defeat.
Sherlock’s eyes were locked onto him. The way the lights were shining down on him made his outline glow, like
The words took a second to penetrate the fog swirling around John’s brain, and when they did, every one of his nerves seemed to fall silent.
Sherlock chuckled at that, low in his chest, but there was something a bit off about it that John’s pain-addled brain couldn’t quite recognize. He looked up at Sherlock’s face, and found that the laughter didn’t quite reach his eyes.
That had gone well, hadn’t it? Sherlock wanted to talk to him, wanted to know what he thought of his work…
Sherlock smiled, the smallest quirk of his lips, and he leaned in to close the last centimeter of space between them. The kiss was the barest brush of contact, Sherlock simply holding himself against John’s lips, chaste but lingering, and John didn’t move, content to absorb the reverence of that gentle touch, to feel that whisper of breath that flowed between them, almost fragile. Feel that quiet, familiar devotion that said
John started so violently he had to duck his head and suck in a steadying breath. “Sam…” he said, too breathless to sound admonishing.
.” John dropped his hand and looked imploringly back up at Sherlock. “Sherlock, that necklace wasn’t for Mia.”
“You did,” he said, a little smile twisting his lips. “Didn’t you declare war on America or something?”
Sherlock looked himself up and down one more, gave a quick little nod, then grabbed the large wrapped package from the chair beside the wardrobe and swept from the room.
It was an impossible request, and they both knew it, but John couldn’t bear to wipe away that twinge of hope on Sherlock’s lips.
Everyone turned to him in unison, barely concealed fear on each of their faces. Sherlock couldn’t look at any of them.
“How…” Sherlock broke from John’s lips with a low gasp. “How do you want me?” He blinked his eyes open; his pupils were blown wide. “Like this, or…?”
John hadn’t taken his eyes off Sherlock, and now they clouded over with concern – or possibly guilt. Sherlock
It was both more profound and more unreal than John could have ever imagined. The feeling of Sherlock’s body on his was still everywhere – on his lips, his cheeks, his hands, against his chest, but it was tingling like a phantom sort of energy that was too warm and perfect to be believed. He needed more.
“None.” John felt a bright glow radiate up from his chest and warm him to the core as Sherlock pressed a kiss to his hairline.
Sherlock blinked, slowly. “Yes, but…” It was as if his brain couldn’t quite catch up to what John was saying. “It’s
Sherlock’s heart sank. He’d been rather overtaxed with doing favours for John over the last month of wedding planning. He didn’t know if he had the strength for any more. But of course, John didn’t know that.
“Gotcha,” the voice came again, and John’s stomach flipped at the knowing tone in it. “Whenever you’re ready.”
John reached up to thread his fingers through the hair at Sherlock’s nape, feeling how soft, how beautiful, how
Sherlock let out a guffaw that, to his own surprise, twisted his face into a smile. He allowed himself to enjoy it for the glorious second or two it lasted, before his lips pressed into a firm line and the momentum began building into something else at the back of his throat. He screwed his eyes shut and covered his mouth with his hand to prevent the sobs from escaping, feeling his cold wedding ring press into his skin like a white-hot brand.
She opened the door for him, but as John stepped forward to leave, Sherlock appeared on the other side.
“Yeah.” John chuckled again, but there was a forced quality about it now. Too dark. Too hollow. “She said no one was gonna fancy a guy who was dumb as a brick wall.”
For this story, I give you (finally) the plot from the film featuring Jamie (Colin Firth) and Aurelia (Lucia Moniz).
I don’t have to remind you that I’ll be needing you in my office to complete all the necessary paperwork concerning your activities of the past couple days, now do I?”
The suits on either side of him rustled around a bit. Sherlock ran an exhausted hand through his hair. This meeting had gone on for about a week now. At least it
By the way, I don't speak Portuguese, so I apologize in advance for whatever I've gotten wrong here. I've provided the English translations in the end notes, in the order that Sherlock says them (or you can just Google Translate as you read, if that's easier).
Sherlock’s hands curled around his cheeks, warm and solid. He was smiling a little, an unsure quirk of joy that bloomed into the kiss, blossoming bright in John’s chest.
“Yes, in a sense.” Sherlock looked at him sideways, still grinning. “And you could follow Sirius the whole journey and never lose your way.”
The violin began very quietly – it gently climbed the scale and fell back down again. Mendelssohn’s sonata in F minor. One of Sherlock’s favorites.
“Soon.” The doctor’s voice was firm but warm. “We’re just finishing up the stitches, and then we’ll bring him out of the anesthetic. It shouldn’t be more than an hour.” She smiled sincerely and laid a brief hand on his shoulder “We’ll call you in as soon as we can, alright?”
The worst times where when they passed each other, in the lift, or the copy room, or even just crossing the office. Every time, there would be nothing but a stiff nod, and silence. No eye contact. John couldn’t have stood it.
Sherlock turned himself so that he was hovering on his hands and knees, and John’s hands reached up to curl around his back. At his gentle urging, John scooted himself up the mattress – his head fell back against the pillow, his legs stretched out, and Sherlock followed him down, his weight pressing into him, a solid comforting presence. It was like a jigsaw piece, falling into place.
He pushed open the door to the flat, but was again greeted with empty space. No, no, this was all wrong. They were supposed to
“Better.” John breathed him in, stroking a thumb gently along one gorgeous cheekbone. “Much better.”
It’s when he’d returned to the understuffed chair of the waiting room that something was able to pull him back.
“The innkeepers won’t go upstairs again for the rest of the morning,” he supplied in a quick, low breath.
“No, I mean–” John sucked in a quiet breath and expelled it, suddenly afraid of the answer. “How is he when he’s not around me? When I’m asleep, or when he comes down to you for help?”
Sherlock was trying for nonchalance, but didn’t quite manage to keep the plaintive note out of his voice as his eyes trailed hungrily down John’s strong, muscular body, laid completely bare before him like a feast for his gaze.
Sherlock appeared behind him, meeting his eyes in their reflection in the mirror. He was wearing one of his nicest suits, and had actually put on a tie for the occasion, and looked even more dashing than his usual near-impeccable figure. His reflection exchanged a smile with John’s and came up behind him, wrapping an arm around his middle and pulling him close, bending his head to plant a kiss on John’s neck.
Sherlock was smiling tenderly back at him, and John’s heart leapt back to life. His skin was itching with need again, desperate for contact – but it was different this time. More profound. More absolute.
John’s fingers clenched against the porcelain as another wave crashed into him, and he could see his hands shaking, barely able to hang on. He felt Sherlock pressing tightly against his side, trying to keep the wound still, but John felt his skin stretching dangerously around it as he heaved again and again, his body convulsing under Sherlock’s hands as it tried to pour out everything, though there was nothing left in him to expel.
The day arrived – finally – with increasingly erratic nerves from the party. The President’s motorcade pulled up in front of Number 10 to throngs of screaming press. Sherlock was there at the door as he stepped out of the car – President Charles Magnussen, looking smart and stoic; a political veteran finally awarded his due. He waved to the cheering crowd and crossed to shake Sherlock’s hand, and they both paused to let the cameras to get their shots.
know, of course he did, but she carried on before he could speak. “Just give him time. He’ll come round.”
He barely heard himself, he was too lost in it. Sherlock smoothed his hand up and down John’s side a little, and sped up his strokes within him. John cried out, the pressure in his abdomen mounting. It was
John seemed to sag a little in his chair, his eyes unfocusing, but Sherlock was already out the door.
John kept glancing up at the map on the screen in front of his seat, watching the little dot get closer and closer to his destination, and tried not to think about Sherlock’s parting words as he’d left his flat that morning.
Sherlock hand had suddenly tightened as he stroked more sharply downward, smearing the liquid pooling at the tip along his fingers to ease his way, and the motion sent waves of pleasure coursing up along John’s spine, his hips stuttering up into the contact.
Sherlock let out a long, heavy sigh. He’d stopped trembling, and his heartbeat was elevated, beating through him and echoing in John’s chest, but stable.
“Contrary to what you may believe, Sherlock, I am far from indifferent to the welfare of my brother-in-law.” Mycroft’s voice was terse. He picked out a splinter of wood and held it up to the light. “Nor am I prepared to sit in an office conducting an investigation when there is a much more significant crisis happening here.”
Sherlock pressed his knuckles of his left hand hard against his teeth, holding back the tide of his inevitable breakdown. Distantly, he was aware that the doctor was still talking, saying words he couldn’t hear. He closed his eyes and let the tears leak out, unhindered.
Sherlock held his gaze, and it felt solid and sure, a calming counterpoint to the rush of sensation that overtook him as Sherlock’s finger pushed inside; slowly, oh so slowly, working his way up to the first knuckle, then the second, the gentle pressure warming John’s very core. He let out a slow exhale, luxuriating in the feeling.
It came sometime after Sherlock had collected himself enough to rejoin the rest of his friends. He was listening to them chatter on about some political leader he’d never heard of when a tall woman in a white coat emerged through the double doors.
John and his colleague glanced at each other, and John gave him a friendly smile as the crew bustled into their next position.
“There!” he blurted out, and his heart skipped several beats as he saw that familiar blond head standing by a car door –
Sherlock thought about his father when he’d been very young – he remembered him as sandy-haired and full-bellied, always keen to take Sherlock, Mycroft and Redbeard on adventures. Pretending to be the monster when Sherlock was a pirate on the high seas, or his second-in-command when he’d been flying above the highest mountains. He’d been the one to patch him up when Sherlock had come home dirty and bruised, and the one to sneak the boys extra portions of dessert under the table, with a mischievous gleam in his eye and a gentle laugh. Dad was thinner now, and had aged so much, but Sherlock wondered if he could still laugh like that.
Sherlock leaned forward, settling his arms on either side of John’s head, rather closer than before.
“Told you,” John grinned back, trying not to be too wary of the hope rising in his heart. “I don’t think I’ll need the bandage anymore.”
“Oh, nothing at all, it’s just that I’ve heard from Detective Inspector Lestrade that you’re back in London now –”
The crowd flooded in behind John. He cast his gaze around, across the diners, the bartender on his left, the few people puttering around – but there was no sign of him.
“Right. Yes,” he was muttering into the phone. A wave of mortification was crashing over him, making his ears burn hot. “I’m – Listen, I’m sure they’re not
“Yeah, I could eat,” John replied, realizing with relief that his stomach wasn’t in knots this morning. He took Sherlock’s hand as he pulled back and made to gather him up out of bed. “Did you get coffee?”
John stepped out of his office, straightened his back, and set off down the hallway. There was a bit of commotion around the corner where the older classes were, so he detoured in the direction of it, following the sound.
It had been four days since he'd been released from hospital, and though he hadn't expected to make a miraculous overnight recovery - getting near-fatally stabbed through vital abdominal organs rarely allowed for that - he was starting to tire of all the ways his body was struggling to pull itself back to health. If by some generous reprieve the wound itself wasn't throbbing, then it was a dull pounding in his temple, or nausea from the pain meds, or strange vertigo-like dizziness from his body misdirecting all his blood. Often it was all of the above, usually accompanied by plain exhaustion. John couldn't remember the last time he had slept so much - it was virtually all he could do in this state, and the bizarre disorientation that came with waking up at noon and falling asleep on the sofa an hour later, as he'd apparently done again today, wasn't making the experience any easier.
“I fear,” Sherlock said, the words coming to his mind milliseconds before he heard himself say them. “That this has become a
“Sherlock’s been very mysterious,” said Mrs. Holmes exuberantly as everyone’s wine glasses were refilled for the third or fourth time. “Where did you two meet?”
, John,” Sherlock returned, but he was laughing through his mock-sternness, and John’s heart grew lighter. “You’re still far from fully recovered. You could still hurt yourself if you’re not careful.”
John turned his head to stare at the phone, which was inching forward on the table with every vibration.
Sherlock gave another shallow little nod. Then, hesitantly, he leaned in and kissed John on the cheek.
He turned as he said it, his whole body swivelling in his chair to look at Sherlock. The complete and overwhelming expression of astonishment on his face eclipsed all other emotion.
“Right.” John could feel his cheeks reddening a little. “Well, anyway, it’s nice to meet you, Sherlock.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak again, but no sound escaped him. But John – more words were already tumbling out of his mouth.
John’s heart was hammering almost painfully, so full he thought it might explode. How could he have waited so long for this? For something so real, and so perfect? Being here, feeling Sherlock against him like this, was like a warm shelter in the middle of a freezing storm, and John never wanted to leave.
The day came. Sherlock came with John as far as the airport, where John would return the car, and Sherlock would get the train the rest of the way.
Mike laughed, and Sherlock joined in, even as he made a mental note to apologize to John for the angry email he was about to get from Sam Smith’s reps.
“Yes, well.” He led him round a corner and up a staircase to the first floor. “I suppose I’ve never found that politics and relationships really go together.”
John sighed. His gaze wandered down Sherlock’s frame, lingering on the way his shoulders jutted out beneath his dressing gown.
.” Sherlock’s lips were suddenly close to his ear, crooning softly. He kissed at John’s lobe, then nipped at the skin below it with just a hint of teeth, and John moaned again, in earnest now.
Sherlock fiddled with the phone in his hands, going over his footage in his mind again. He’d probably replay it tonight, watching that look on John’s face. That smile. His eyes closed as he danced.
Sherlock straightened up again. John was looking at him with bewildered confusion, and something else. Sherlock recognized it – it was that look he got when he knew Sherlock was about to say something brilliant, but wasn’t sure what yet.
“Right, right,” he was saying absently into the phone. He forced himself not to look round at him, and focused on what Harry was saying. “Wait – what are you –?”
He straightened up just as quickly, looking around the street to see if anyone was around, but it was empty. He cleared his throat, took one last look at the door and, grinning broadly in a way no one else needed to see, set off.
Steadily, fighting against a piercing ringing sound in his ears, Sherlock pulled enough air into his lungs to get his brain back under his control. He gulped in a few more stuttering breaths before it levelled out, and he was able to unclench his jaw and open his eyes.
, needed to be worth it in the end, and Sherlock knew that he’d have to make sure it was, for both their sakes.
Sherlock breathed out a gentle laugh against John’s chest. “I’m sure you can’t have been as bad as I was.”
It was everywhere John wanted to be for the rest of his life, and as he held himself against Sherlock’s grinning lips, chapped a bit from the cold, he felt something shift inside him – like the sky had opened up to him and showed him the shining way forward. Like the forever he’d always known he wanted was suddenly right in front of him, and it was time to grab hold of it, to carry with him, always.
“I know just what you mean,” Molly chimed in. She sipped at her coffee and grimaced at the lukewarm temperature, but didn’t complain. “You should have seen Charlie when Emma had the flu last year. Absolutely inconsolable.”
Janine smiled back at him. There was a knowing look in it that wasn’t doing anything for his still-startled nerves. He cast around for something to divert the conversation, eventually landing on the DJ’s station on the other side of the room.
It wasn’t so much a dance that they were doing, really, as just gyrating in place. It was all so unnecessary.
“It’s fine, I’m okay.” John said. He was, it had just taken him by surprise. He felt himself giggling softly again. The absurdity of this whole night was getting to him, a bit.
, John.” He didn’t look up at him as he said it, but John swore he saw something sparkle in those brilliant blue eyes. Something John hadn’t yet seen, or maybe something Sherlock hadn’t been able to say.
“Uh, fine.” John’s reply sounded equally strained. “It was good of Mycroft to bring me in so quickly.”
“The flat’s so quiet when you’re not there.” John was nosing back up now, whispering in Sherlock’s ear. “I kept expecting you to be there when I woke up, or when I came home, and you never were. It felt so
Sherlock took the opportunity to tug him up slightly and push the pants down off his hips, throwing them aside and leaving John fully nude before him; completely bare, vulnerable, trusting. The heat in John’s abdomen flared up through his chest now, wrapping itself warmly around his heart – it was here that John felt safe, always, knowing Sherlock was protecting him, keeping him happy, adoring him.
They burst through the doors at international departures, Dad leading the way as they hurried through the crowd. Sherlock ran along behind him, craning his neck to try to catch any glimpse, even an inkling of where John might have gone.
It was another one of his whims, and he decided to just go along with it. Anyway, he’d barely seen Sherlock at all in the last couple weeks, and it only seemed right that he should before he set off. He spent the tube journey twisting his hands impatiently – he couldn’t wait to see the look on his face.
“Sorry.” John looked over the crowd, dazed, hardly seeing them. “A man’s got to do what a man’s got to do.”
Sherlock was taken aback by the sudden change, but felt himself nodding, and John was grinning even more broadly in Sherlock’s direction, and then he was throwing open the door and jumping out of the car.
“I know, I know, we’ll be taking it easy for a while yet.” John smoothed his hands down Sherlock’s shoulders, smiling softly. “But I’m getting better.”
“I know,” John said. He wasn’t looking at any of them, fumbling in his pocket for what little American money he had. He threw a couple bills down on the table. “Sorry, ladies. Have a Merry Christmas.”
“It’s alright. It’s all taken care of.” Sherlock gave John’s hand a gentle squeeze, trying to stop this train of thought.
, now John, please,” Sherlock whimpered in reply, his unsteady hand gripping John’s arse more firmly, urging him to move.
...sort of. This is probably the story I've changed the most, since I just wasn't comfortable putting the boys in the emotional infidelity plot of the original. So I hope you like misunderstandings instead :)).
If he’d been expecting anything at all, it wasn’t this, but he couldn’t deny how much his pulse had kicked up in his throat suddenly, matching John’s elevated breathing rate. Maybe it wasn’t ideal, but if it really was just sex, what harm could it do?
He and Sherlock looked at each other, and John saw everything he was thinking reflected back in his face.
“There was nothing you could have done,” he said. “And I’m fine, nothing happened, really. He just said some,” John’s face contorted strangely, for a second or two, “…things…”
“Yeah,” the host with the striped jumper now said, awkwardly. “Sherlock, I understand you’ve got a prize for our competition winners?”
Sherlock smirked a bit, thinking about it. Harry and her newest girlfriend Diane had only been together for a few months, but Sherlock and John had agreed from the very beginning that it wouldn’t last. Harry just wasn’t making much of secret of the fact that she was so much less invested in the relationship than Diane was. Their rows, frequent even by Harry’s standards, were grating on them both too; just a couple weeks ago, John had had to spend at least an hour coaxing Harry down from a towering rage after she’d discovered the expensive new phone Di had been planning to give her as a birthday present, and demanded to know why Di was trying to make things so serious so quickly. After this episode, John and Sherlock had shortened their estimate of their relationship to lasting just into the new year – just long enough for themselves to be obligated to have a terrible Christmas Eve dinner with them, as Harry hadn’t taken no for an answer.
John let himself watch for a bit. Sherlock was absorbed, after all, and there was no one around to bother with him looking – especially if they all knew anyway, according to Sarah. He grimaced a bit at the thought, but kept his eyes fixed on him, entranced by the way his lips pursed in irritation then relaxed with a sigh, speaking with continuous words John couldn’t hear.
John shook his head, an exasperated chuckle escaping him as he stood up. “I’ll just get it all ready, shall I?”
He held John’s gaze as his cock pressed lightly against John’s entrance, making him gasp.  At John’s miniscule nod, he pushed in, just a little, and John exhaled a sharp burst of pleasure.
But those smiles, those little moments of sincerity came flashing through Sherlock’s mind like those godawful press cameras. His face came to him, over and over again, cheerful and grinning and with that pure unguarded humour that he’d so looked forward to seeing, every day. He had made his world so much brighter, his impossible job a little less daunting. He’d been so utterly
John tried to smile apologetically, but she straightened up before he could sit down and pretend to be busy.
A sudden shriek of feedback rang in his ear, snapping him out of the song. The track stopped, and Sherlock looked toward John leaning against the panel on the other side of the glass.
Sherlock lingered there for a few more seconds, then returned. John pulled him back into bed. In his darkness-disoriented hurry, though, he forgot how close he was to the wall – he scooted back a bit too far, and smacked his head against it.
He projected his voice out over the sea of people in black. He sort of hated the way he sounded. Prepared. Artificial.
Sherlock dipped his head for another deep kiss that made John’s head feel light on the pillow – his fingers were rubbing a soothing pattern along John’s shoulder blades, his arms held taut as he carefully settled himself down onto John’s chest, then with one slow, unbroken movement, he delicately canted his hips forward.
Sherlock let John finish the chapter, sipping his tea until he got down to the dark dregs at the bottom. When John sighed happily and put the book down again, marking his page, Sherlock threw the blanket off himself and got up, extending his hand.
The operator began to patch them through with her standard reassurances, but Sherlock had already dropped the phone.
He’d text him in a couple days, he supposed, and tell him he’d wiped all the footage, so sorry but nothing to be done now. Mary would be upset, but what did it matter, honestly? They had pictures. That should be good enough.
Now though, she didn’t show any sign of repeating her earlier advances. She just stared straight ahead, looking through the dancing couples and landing on John and Mary in the middle of the floor.
John came to a halt near the window and looked back, but Sherlock hovered in the doorway. He was looking all around the sitting room, at the antique wallpaper and the dated furniture and the old posters of himself from back when he sang songs that
He’d reached out and taken hold of John’s jacket, just under the collar, and he leaned in and kissed him.
John took the hint and pushed forward, a sort of frantic aggression guiding his hands’ exploration of Sherlock’s back. They stumbled and groped their way to the center of the room, kissing and gasping and moaning quietly between each other’s lips.
“Let me go first.” His eyes were bright with adrenaline in the dim light of the alley. “He hasn’t seen me yet – I can surprise him.”
It was only a few moments before the door swung open, and a plump, grey-haired man with a kind face stood on the other side of it.
The song played on, brash and inappropriate. Maybe that’s what she’d wanted. John had never really understood why – but then, he’d never understood a lot of things. He moved off towards the casket, and took his position.
Chest compressions again, thirty beats, with steady hands, and another breath into his lungs that feels like a dagger in Sherlock’s heart because this is all
. She wasn’t making a big secret out of that. But she hasn’t spoken to me since the Christmas party, when I told her to back off.”
John turned on his side and slid his arm around Sherlock’s chest, holding him close as he shuddered. He squeezed him as tightly as he dared, pressing his entire body into his back through every available point of contact, and tucked his own bleak face into the crook of Sherlock’s neck.
The room erupted around them. Reporters jumped to their feet, howling with questions, the cameras flashing over and over. People pushed their microphones closer, shouting for responses, for further comments, but Sherlock had none to give. He’d said all he needed to say.
But he knew that it wouldn’t work. This was one of those times when nothing would. And the higher and more pained her voice got, the heavier the defeat seemed to weigh in John’s chest.
as he held the high note, his light and lovely voice shining out from him and that expression of barely-contained excitement on his face.
“N-no.” Sherlock pushed himself out of his bewilderment enough to lay a tentative hand on Molly’s shoulder. He looked from her to Lestrade, searchingly. “Not since he went into surgery. Nothing.”
John glanced down at himself. His other hand probed gently at his side, flinching when he felt the wound. “Christ, he really got me, didn’t he?”
John just smirked. “See you later,” he threw over his shoulder at Mia, who smiled that secretive smile again.
But the night wasn’t over. John hadn’t even made it all the way home when Sherlock called him. He was a bit frantic, but there was a current of excitement in his voice as he told John about the party that his mother had spontaneously decided to throw at her Wandsworth flat, and would John like to come along?
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed, taking John’s coat to hang it. “Another good reason for our Dartmoor rule, I suppose.”
“John, I’m back!” A voice at John’s elbow piped up suddenly. Sherlock released John’s hand with a start.
come back here.” The doctor caught him again by the shoulder and moved in front of him, blocking his path through the doors. “This area is for surgical personnel only.”
Sherlock sighed softly; his hand came forward to cup John’s jaw, his thumb stroking tenderly over his cheek.
Slowly, warmth seemed to trickle up through his body – from the fire it travelled up his legs, into his chest, and from Sherlock’s arm around him it fumbled its way up his shoulder, through each of his nerves individually. Inch by inch, like gentle breaths of life, it surrounded him, siphoning away his swirling thoughts, his dark, desperate dread. It felt right, it felt familiar. Just sitting here, together, by the fire, like they did all the time. Like the feeling of Sherlock smiling into his temple, the scent of him settling around John like a warm embrace, was completely ordinary, and fine. Like it could all, somehow, be fine.
He sprinted along, past all the shops, the straggling travellers, rows and rows of seats. He heard voices behind him shouting for him to stop, but he didn’t have time to turn around and see how many were chasing him. He turned down a long hallway, following the signs,
He heard footsteps coming up along the path behind him, and John felt his heart give a little spasm of excitement. He looked around to find Sherlock at his side, holding a fresh mug of tea.
Sherlock didn’t bother muffling his footsteps as he headed downstairs. He made his way towards the sliver of light shining out of the just-barely cracked door to the office. Sherlock knocked softly, and pushed it open.
“The odd thing is, I don’t even miss her all that much,” John sighed. He tensed up a bit as he passed a large lorry, then relaxed again. “I mean, I knew I probably wasn’t gonna marry her, but…I don’t know. I guess I was less attached than I thought. After I found out and the shock had worn off, I just sort of felt – relieved.”
Sherlock felt his heart kick up in his chest. He should say something, just a greeting, or an apology for that joke earlier – had John heard it? – but all speech suddenly seemed to elude him.
Sherlock tried to watch – the kids weren’t bad, after all – but quickly found himself distracted by how close he was to John. He’d let go of his hand, but he couldn’t have been more than a few inches from him, and he could feel the warmth radiating from his body. His golden hair was close enough to his face for him to smell his shampoo – some sort of spice and pine.
This was the chance he had to take, and he couldn’t let it pass by. He needed to tell John. John needed to know, before he was gone and there would be no more last chances.
There was a note of defeat in her voice. Sherlock looked up to see her looking disgustedly at the DJ, who seemed to be getting quite emotional, bobbing his head to the whining tones of singer almost sobbing with melodrama.
“I won’t.” John’s eyes shone with mirth. “It’s gonna take a lot more than being shanked by some bastard in a back alley, believe me.”
Something shifted in Sherlock’s expression. His face settled into a subdued, crooked smile, with a knowing – no, a
A few ministers on either side of him gave little grunts of agreement. Some people were scowling, or shifting in their seats.
Sherlock scanned him, looking absolutely lost, until comprehension washed over him, widening his eyes into stunned grey pools.
John was coming through the opposite door, bearing a tray with two glasses and a decanter of scotch. He flashed Sherlock that winning smile.
And suddenly, Sherlock felt all his anger drain out of him. It was as if someone had wiped the fog away from the glass, and he realized he’d only been seeing a shadow. Stupid, really, all of this. He was being an idiot for thinking about it at all.
Sherlock stood staring into the glaring lights and monitors, with his back to a large, excited crowd.
Sherlock snapped his head up to look at the boy in the apron; he felt a fresh wave of nausea crash over him at the movement.
John nodded against him. He leaned his head into the crook of Sherlock’s neck. The warmth of him was far too relaxing. He was in danger of falling asleep where he stood.
Just a gentle touch, but purposeful. John closed his eyes. Sherlock’s lips were soft, and full, and they sent tiny sparks racing up John’s spine.
He was trying to sound excited, but Sherlock didn’t buy it for a second. Both of them knew exactly why they were doing this, and Sherlock hated the way it heaped itself on John’s shoulders, almost physically weighing him down.
Jonathan sniggered again, then angled himself in his chair to peek out around Sherlock and look into the camera. “That’ll never make number one.”
Mycroft laughed humourlessly. “Oh, I rather think you’ll be in right away, because I have done you a
“You are.” Sherlock bit his lip, suppressing a wide, relieved grin. John wanted to kiss it out of him, pull it to the surface.
“I need you,” John replied, suddenly quiet. He couldn’t bring himself to be embarrassed about the rawness in his voice, or the tiny tremor in his hands as he slipped Sherlock’s pants down his thighs, freeing his gorgeous, flushed cock.
“Look, we’re not actually flying.” Dad was panting a little as he slowed down before the attendant. Sherlock caught up a second later, heart in his throat.
They chuckled together. John felt a twinge of heat rising in his cheeks, and he cast his eyes downward, a little awkwardly.
Sherlock hunched his shoulders against the breeze. He tucked the cards more securely under his left arm, the CD player dangling from his hand below them. He walked slowly down the street, away from John’s flat. He was in no hurry to get home, and besides, he felt better now than he would be there. Almost…lighter. Not exactly at peace, he would never be that, but at least his mind had stopped spinning and was content to stay still for a while. He could be thankful for that.
it. Probably thinks she can get me sober and out of here quicker, and who cares if it’s too much and I just snuff it –”
Sherlock’s hands rubbed down to the small of his back, kneading out the stiffness of his lower spine, and John moaned. He felt his hips shifting a little, with the motion of Sherlock’s hands, and a current of sweet fire shot up into John’s chest, at the friction underneath him.
“The oldest brother,” Sherlock explained. “Peter. The upright, gallant one who always dreamed of saving the world?”
“Thank you so much.” He tried to smile as he said it, but he probably just sounded tired. He spent most of his time tired, these days.
The feeling didn’t leave him throughout the rest of the meeting, even after John had handed out all the cups and left. The room felt unbearably hot as they wrapped up discussions of forthcoming bills and appearances, and even followed him into his office when it was all finally over.
Outside, the metallic rattling of the fire escape could be heard. Sherlock knew it was John, but his heart sped up incrementally anyway, and his fingers instinctively closed around the handle of his pistol.
from the jewellery department that wasn’t for Sherlock, no way he could have really been buying from the display of necklaces right next to the watches –
“Well, I just thought,” she said, looking quite serious. “That maybe the time had come to do something about it?”
“And of course,” she sighed, raising her hands in defeat and sliding off the desk. “Your mobile goes.”
Over Lestrade’s shoulder, Sherlock caught Mycroft grinning softly up at him; he offered a weak smile in return, and Mycroft inclined his head ever so slightly, as if to say,
He couldn’t do anything but pull him down by the nape for another bone-deep kiss, licking into his mouth with a slow, desperate urgency, and he knew Sherlock could feel the tangle of emotions coming through in each of his movements – gratitude, wonder, longing,
Now it was a whole other torrent of emotions rushing through Sherlock’s mind – sorrow, compassion, and most prominently, guilt.
Which Sherlock was sure she wouldn’t. Why would she? Unless Sherlock had made a mistake and miscalculated something –
“Not really, Mike.” Sherlock’s voice was a still a bit stiff. “Christmas is a time for those with someone they love in their lives.”
Here and there, people were still trickling in. From the corner where he stood near one of the food tables, John saw Sarah and her husband over on the opposite wall, chatting to a group of people from Marketing. In the middle of the room, the dance floor was looking pretty thin; John guessed the alcohol hadn’t been flowing for long enough yet.
John spun around, and found himself face-to-face with Sherlock. His stomach gave a powerful lurch, and all the blood seemed to drain out of him.
“Sure,” John nodded. He looked concerned, and watched him as Sherlock turned around and walked briskly back down the hallway, the CD still clutched in his hand.
Somehow, his London flat seemed quieter than the isolated countryside, even with all the bustle of the street just outside his window.
John nipped at Sherlock’s bottom lip playfully, then pushed himself up off of Sherlock and swung himself off the bed, divesting himself of trousers and pants as he went. Sherlock sat up a little, admiring the view of John’s plush arse as he crossed the room and pulled open the closet door, loving the way it curved as he crouched down to rifle through Sherlock’s suitcase.
Sherlock nodded slightly, apparently recognizing the name of his language. But John’s heart sank. He was going to have to be around this gorgeous man all the time, and couldn’t even
Slowly, breath by breath, John forced himself to stop shaking; he slumped against the toilet bowl, feeling hollow, drained. Sherlock disentangled himself for a moment to get a wet cloth to run over his brow, mopping up the sweat and sick around his mouth, murmuring softly all the time. He helped him sit up and tipped a tiny glass of water into his mouth to wash out his throat, then when John’s heart had stopped racing he all but carried him back into bed, laying them down gently so that John could nestle into Sherlock’s chest. John tucked his face into his neck, breathing him in while Sherlock held him close and smoothed gently up and down his back, eased the last of the tremors out of him.
Sherlock jumped at the sudden knock at the door. He hesitated for a moment, then strode to open it. A client? But no one had rung the bell…
“Any bar,” John said, shucking off his bag and leaning forward in the seat. “Just your average American bar.”
He gave a side eye to the second host, whose eyes shifted awkwardly beneath his very artificially spiked hair.
John understood, grinned wickedly for just a moment, and then latched his entire mouth onto the peaked, pink flesh and sucked. Sherlock cried out loudly, clenching his teeth at the sharp spike of pleasure that went directly to his cock.
quite a fright,” Sherlock amended. John raised his eyebrows. “Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, and Molly came by, and so did Mycroft. They were worried about you too,” Sherlock explained. “They’ll be back to visit in the morning, but they were all here.”
John’s grin split wide across his face, and he tried to lean in to kiss Sherlock again, but they were both laughing too hard to manage it.
“Well, it’s something,” John said, as Sherlock rounded the corner, and they saw the tiny light in the window below a rustic-looking sign. “Probably not the nicest place, but…”
both, for your services here. It will be a glorious day down at the station tomorrow, when news gets out that Sokolov is down at last.”
John gave a little contented sigh and adjusted his grip on the book so he could bring one hand down to press against Sherlock’s back. Sherlock knew that soon he would start drawing little patterns there, on his bare skin – little spontaneous designs or words that came to him as he got lost in his book. And that when he fell asleep, that hand would circle down to rest on his hips, to draw Sherlock closer, even during unconsciousness.
“Yeah. That’s what they’d think, over there.” John grip tightened on the edge of the table, and he leaned forward a bit, hoping Sherlock was understanding, finally.
He looked around – he had no idea where his phone had gone. There were dozens of sheets scattered about, books open here and there.
He pictured John down at the bar, swirling the liquid in his glass and checking his watch every few minutes, trying for the life of him not to look as conspicuous as he felt. Waiting, just as Sherlock was waiting, for the perfect moment to slip away.
Dimmock soon gave up and sulked away to try to chat up an officer Sherlock recognized from the regular night shift. Meanwhile Sherlock was scanning the room and halting on some other familiar faces; a few DI’s, a chief inspector, some of the forensics team, the chief superintendent – none of whom Sherlock was especially keen to make small talk with.
It was only in the morning, when the sunlight trickled through the faded curtains and made John wince with a familiar headache, that a pit of dread began to swell somewhere deep in his chest.
“Go on then,” he said, doing up his belt and smiling. “I’ll shower and meet you down there in a few minutes.”
“You are,” John whispered back. He dragged his arms up to cross over Sherlock’s back, holding on tight.
Sherlock’s hand didn’t shake as it reached out and pressed down on John’s doorbell. In fact, he the nervousness he’d expected to feel had just sort of melted away on his way over.
John giggled again – a high-pitched, almost musical sound. He gave a deep, thankful nod, then ducked out of the office, closing the door behind him.
A shorter one this time, based on the character of Daniel (Liam Neeson) and his meeting with Carol (Claudia Schiffer).
Sherlock squeezed his hand, then tugged off his jacket and headed inside. John collapsed onto the bed, and pulled off his shoes.
“Worse than the total agony of being in love?” he said. Dad just didn’t understand; Sherlock couldn’t imagine
He moved forward, just a fraction of an inch, opening his mouth as if to say something, waiting for a cue –
“I’m not modest,” Sherlock said with a chuckle. He leaned in a bit, carefully working John’s left shoulder. “I just want to take care of you.”
John’s eyes snapped back to meet Sherlock’s, finding them full of a strange inviting determination – the kind John only saw on him when he was faced with a particularly intriguing case.
gorgeous girl – another blonde, but with shorter hair and blue earrings that dangled all the way down to the fur coat wrapped tightly around herself.
John was frantically pulling drawers open, searching – nothing seemed to be where he’d left it last night, his gloves, his keys, his wallet…
Dad stood up straight when he saw him, looking expectant, but Sherlock just grinned back at him. He extended his index finger out, pointing towards the sky.
He couldn’t move; he needed to get out of the way, to find somewhere to sit before his knees gave out, but suddenly his feet were made of lead and he couldn’t make them budge, couldn’t even tear his eyes away from the empty cavern of forbidden space beyond those doors.
“Yeah.” John felt massively thrown off balance. But he’d put himself on the defensive, now, and he had to stick with it. “They’re…stuck up.”
“No, not that.” John’s lips settled in a pained half-smile; his fingers did their best to squeeze Sherlock’s comfortingly. “But…just in case.”
Moments ticked by, dragging on for hours, it seemed, until finally John heard the familiar footsteps coming down the stairs from inside. His heart stilled in his chest. The street behind him had gone quiet
He should have left after his speech. He wished he had done. But Mary’s patronizing words from weeks ago were still ringing in his ears, making sure he knew that his Best Man duties extended to “taking care” of the guests during the reception – whatever that was supposed to mean. Sherlock supposed it included monitoring everyone’s alcohol intake and having the same “Isn’t-it-just-wonderful-don’t-they-look-lovely-together” conversation with anyone who happened to come near him. And, well, if that’s what John wanted him to do, he’d stay until the last guest had stumbled off, and John and Mary had disappeared to –
It was a bizarre way to put it, and John was clearly left even more befuddled, his searching eyes darting from Sherlock’s face to the bottle of champagne clutched in his hand, which Sherlock had snagged from Elton’s bar on his way out.
“Hey, watch it.” John turned his head, seeking Sherlock’s lips with a mock-indignant expression. “You’re just trying to get me into a suit whenever you can.”
John’s face was bright pink as he pulled back. His eyes flickered up at Sherlock, looking at him from under his long blond eyelashes, and it was absolutely
“Why don’t you shut off your mobile phone,” Sarah went on, and paused for a second while John fumbled in his pocket to obey, “and tell me exactly how long you’ve been working here?”
“Sherlock, you know as well as I do how much is left to chance out in the field.” Mycroft’s voice had taken on an urgent sort of decisiveness. “It could just as easily have been you in there, no matter what you had done.”
John barely saw any of it. His gaze was reserved for Sherlock alone – brilliant, beautiful, stunned Sherlock, who was looking at him like he thought he might be in a dream.
“Oh, God, there better not be eels in here.” John suddenly froze, the very notion of it making him afraid to move.
Sherlock didn’t reply, but dipped his head to kiss him again, eagerly drawing him as close as he could. John’s mouth opened underneath his and he let out a little sigh, and the tugging sensation in Sherlock’s heart burst open into a bright-burning flame, pouring out of his chest and streaking across his nerves and firing up at where John was pulling him close by his shoulder blades, where his chest was pressing up against Sherlock’s, where his lips were moving so sweetly and lovingly against his own.
John looks up, but the moonlight blinds him. He thinks he hears a shout, maybe a gunshot, but the well makes the sound echo into something indiscriminate. Sherlock’s up there somewhere, but he can’t see him.
Sherlock pulled him towards him with a gentle grip on his shoulder, urging him to lie back with his head on Sherlock’s knees.
He looked as tired as he had done back at the celebration, though he’d changed into a pair of sweatpants and his blue Christmas jumper with the red patterning along the collar. The bags under his eyes were still dark, but the lines of his brow were at least obscured as he knitted them together in confusion.
John was still standing soldier-straight, looking straight ahead, but his chest expanded with a deep breath, then blew it out again. His smile was gone. He looked almost stunned.
“You’re amazing,” Sherlock murmured, his eyes flickering over him in unconcealed awe. “God, look at you…look at you…”
“Better than yesterday.” John sank even more heavily into Sherlock’s side, wanting him to relax just as much as he was. The wound had now dimmed to a dull ache, the shooting pains of a moment ago gone; John could just about ignore it.
“We’re going to the school,” Sherlock told the driver as he started the engine. “It’s – um…” He looked at John.
“Thanks, love.” John’s heart swelled a bit, though he knew he wouldn’t be touching them. He pushed himself fully upright and cradled the tea in front of his face, pulling the warm fragrance in through his nose to chase away the remaining tension in his muscles.
The details didn’t matter. Anything that happened now was secondary to the fact that John was alright, that John was stable, that John was
“I don’t need the things you can do for me right now, Sherlock,” he rasped out, brokenly. “I just need
Sherlock glanced up – the woman at the counter was taking her time, searching her bag for her boarding pass.
“Hey, I’ve got exciting news,” John said, looking over at Sherlock in the back of the cab they were sharing.
“I know.” He leaned in close, close enough for their noses to brush and their breaths to mingle. “You’ve been wonderful.”
“Because, I thought it would be something worse.” Dad said, with a subdued exuberant quality in his voice.
Sherlock’s eyes darted to the staircase, at the feet descending it, at the voice that Sherlock would recognize anywhere in the world.
navy blue suit, fitted perfectly to his slim frame and bringing out the deeper tones in his dazzling eyes.
“Oh, oh love…” John whined; he barely knew what he was saying anymore. He was dimly aware that his legs had fallen open, that he was clutching at Sherlock’s back and gasping breathlessly against his lips, but his entire body seemed to be aware of only the aching, desperate
“Don’t…don’t show it around too much.” His voice sounded even, but it was so mechanical it may well have been someone else speaking. “It needs a bit of – editing…”
He shook the pain away, peering around the office as he did, and saw with dismay that Sarah was standing by her secretary’s desk, looking straight at him.
John’s breath was coming in sharp bursts. He walked along with a confident stride, stepping over the cobblestones and through narrow side-streets, but his heart was hammering harder than it ever had before.
Sherlock was quaking too, even harder than John, tears dripping with abandon onto the collar of John’s jumper. John could do nothing but clutch him tighter, deeper, drink him in greedily and let him trickle in to fill in the cracks.
Sherlock let out a shaky exhale, swallowing again and dropping his head; his spine was already stiffening, preparing to move away.
Sherlock shook his head as if to fling the image away. His eyes focused on his own clenched hands; they were covered in blood.
Sherlock was ready. He turned around his cards, displaying the text of the first one in his neat, looping handwriting.
“I knew it,” he said, shaking his head slightly. “You can’t ever wait till it’s actually Christmas, can you?”
John had blinked, and a moment passed before he sagged against the cushions. “Probably.” And he sounded a bit sad, in a way that Sherlock didn’t like. “They do seem to be getting caught up in it.”
Sherlock tilted his chin up, leaning fully into the kiss, and reached up to gently take John’s shaking fingers and move them away. He then made quick work of his own buttons and tossed his shirt aside, then pulled John’s hands back to resume their path.
He shook himself out of the moment. He could come back to what he might have heard later. Right now, there was more pressing business.
It got harder and harder to distract himself the longer they drove, and John was relieved when they dropped Lestrade off at his shabby Chiswick flat (a bit of a downgrade after the divorce). At least then he could stop overcompensating for Lestrade’s sake, and let things just settle back into how they were.
“More, Sherlock, please, I need-” His voice caught as Sherlock’s second finger slid all the way in, and he began lightly pumping them in and out, stroking at John’s very center.
John pulled his coat from the wardrobe and shrugged it on, relieved at feeling his gloves in the left pocket.
“Please, love.” He made no effort to keep the roughness out of his voice – that earnest plea he’d been dying to let out. “Please. Please don’t push me out.”
This chapter is based on the plotline in the film featuring Karen (Emma Thompson) and Harry (Alan Rickman).
He stood in front of the mirror, brushing down the front of his jacket with his hands. Everything was perfect – he had on his burgundy silk shirt, one of John’s favorites on him, and he’d run some product through his hair so that it curled just so. If all went according to plan, it was about to be a very good evening, even with the awful time they were about to have at Harry’s.
She kept talking, on and on, and her words slipped through John’s brain, leaving no trace. He stared, and stared, and the thoughts bouncing around his head were becoming sharper and more painful, and he couldn’t do this, he
Staring up at John from the paper was his own face, wrapped up in Harry’s overlong scarf and smiling. The likeness was better than perfect – he looked younger, and happier, and somehow the coarse pencil markings carried the love he’d been casting in Sherlock’s direction all evening.
“I love you,” John breathed, barely a sound; a sharp, tight feeling around his heart had stolen his voice away, but the whisper echoed through both of their skins, louder than anything.
John liked to remind Sherlock that events like these were good opportunities to repair some of the bitterness towards them that went around the Yard because of their notoriety and virtual free reign over any case Lestrade gave them – but he was also smart enough to know that it was probably best not to make Sherlock do it himself. In fact, John was charming enough to wipe out any bad feelings in one conversation or less, so it may be worth it to hang around a bit longer. For the sake of next year’s cases, anyway.
“Yes I did.” Sherlock’s eyes shone brightly with love and happiness and a tenderness so profound it shot right through John’s heart.
He couldn’t help himself – his smile was bursting out of him, tugging at his lips and crinkling the corners of his eyes.
“No,” Sherlock replied, trying to suppress a grin in spite of himself as he straightened up. “No, I realized that…that Christmas is the time,” he swallowed, hard, “to be with the people you love.”
John lingered behind a second, probably to give the DI a bemused apology, and followed close behind. Sherlock lifted up the crime scene tape for John to step underneath.
They spent the next couple hours exchanging bits of paperwork, and Sherlock was able to put Mia out of his mind. She didn’t matter. It didn’t matter what she said or what she did. All that mattered was John, and John would never behave anything like how Mia did. He was his husband. Sherlock knew him.
mine,” Sherlock muttered, bitterly. “And no, he’s English, but his dad’s got a new job so he’s moving there, and that’s the end of my life as I know it.”
The shot zoomed forward, cutting out Mary, and followed John’s smiling face as the car began to move, tracking him as far as it could until he was out of sight.
Sherlock carried on. He worked John’s shoulders, down to his upper arms, then back up to his neck, where he dug his fingers in hard. John groaned a little – the pressure ached a bit at first, but it was followed by sweet release, and then lightness. They moved up to rub at the nape of his neck, at the top of his spine; and every so often, he leaned in again, and pressed a soft kiss to John’s scalp, and John felt love spread out from it, all down his body.
But he was just as useless trying to read, as it turned out. His eyes kept slipping over the words, unable to absorb them, and he found himself staring into the unlit fireplace, his mind dancing around in scattered circles. John rested his chin on his hand – his head was feeling heavier, and he needed to support it so he could stay awake, but the more he tried to concentrate, the more he felt his eyes drifting in and out of focus, the sitting room blending into a haze…
Sherlock nodded and stood up to move toward the door. There was some kind of tingling energy racing across the skin above his wrist.
The choir struck up a slow, a capella rendering of the beginning of “All I Want for Christmas” – then a drummer kicked in, and it sped up, the kids all began some choreographed movements, dancing and swaying.
He rolled his eyes. He’d never once said that in all his life in English. But he’d just said it in Portuguese, and just like the example voice, too, so he supposed that was a victory.
Sherlock couldn’t bear to think about that, the grateful, oblivious expression that would settle on his face. He scrubbed harder at the baked-on grease in the turkey pan and tried to block out everything else.
Reluctantly, he untangled himself from Sherlock’s warm embrace, and squeezed his hand before heading off to the shower. Sherlock passed him on his way to the bedroom, flashing him a knowing smile. John felt a twinge of something in his belly, and hurried up.
“Thank you.” Sherlock allowed himself to laugh, too. This really would be alright, he thought; anything would be alright, as long as he was still able to make John laugh.
She closed the door behind her, and Sherlock sighed, letting it fill the silence. He looked down at the tray. She’d brought him the plain biscuits.
“Hm?” Sherlock’s mind was still spinning, disoriented. “Oh – yes.” He said at last, and pulled the papers toward him.
“It was,” Magnussen replied, inclining his head a little as he lounged on the sofa opposite Sherlock. Sherlock felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand up.
“You got me better,” John murmured. He swallowed down the emotion building at the back of his throat. “You fixed me.”
Sherlock raced toward him, his arms spread out. Dad met him, lifting him up and spinning him around, laughing elatedly, and unable to stop.
The painkillers that Sherlock brought him helped some, as did the chicken that John managed to take a few bites of.  Then, later, as he curled up with his head in Sherlock’s lap with some second-rate crime drama playing on the telly, he could almost distract himself enough with the sensation of Sherlock’s fingers stroking through his hair and forget why he was in such an awful state. The wound kept flaring up though, and eventually it became so impossible to ignore that Sherlock had to drug him up further and put him to bed, arranging him like a ragdoll so that he wouldn’t roll onto it during the night, and then Sherlock lay next to him rubbing soothing circles into his stomach and sides until John could relax enough to let exhaustion win over the pain, and drift into a light, semi-restless sleep.
“Just – give me a little bit, yeah?” he said, desperate. “I’ll call you back, I promise – and then I’ll come over there.”
It turned out Curtis’s flat was only the tip of the iceberg – they did find a stash of weapons there, crammed in under a loose floorboard, but also half a pound of heroin and a password-protected laptop full of emails to minor government officials, and the case swelled into a full-fledged crackdown on a whole network of people involved in what had seemed to just be an isolated murder. Sherlock and John split up on the fourth day to shake down some separate alibis, which led to Sherlock following a rich trail towards a dodgy legal firm, where he was able to intimidate the secretary into giving him all the files from Curtis’s time spent working there.
“Right.” John’s eyes were hooded and his voice was shaky. He took the card and pocketed it with trembling fingers.
That such an enormous heart could exist in one modest, unassuming man was eternally mystifying to Sherlock. That that man had wilfully given that enormous heart to Sherlock, without condition or demand, without question or protest, was even more incredible.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked urgently up to his. “Don’t. Don’t apologize.” There was something desperate in his eyes, even though his voice was firm, and he smoothed his hand up John’s side, soothing him. Grounding him.
Christmas shopping was never an easy or a pleasant task, but this year especially there seemed to be far too many screaming babies, aggressive charity barkers, and incensed women yelling at harassed-looking store clerk for the sanity of
Even Harry only called him once. He stepped out onto the street to chat, and was able to talk her down in less than five minutes. He felt lighter than he had in months as he went back into the party, snagged another glass of champagne and moved over to chat football with Sarah’s husband. Things were going well tonight. Really,
Sherlock ran straight on through a sudden thick crowd, flowing out from one of the side passages. He weaved through legs, dodging suitcases, flinging himself around pillars. The guards would have to slow down to push their way through people. That was good. Sure enough, he’d just burst through the other side of the crowd when he heard them yelling at people to move out of the way, and he suddenly couldn’t stop smiling. He pushed his way through a heavy door without looking back.
“Can’t we go on a case?” John asked over breakfast one morning, the pleading tone embarrassingly loud in his voice as he picked at his scrambled eggs and toast.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes a bit, the crease in his brow growing deeper. “Do you maybe want to run that past your own medical expertise, doctor?”
“I love you so much,” John whispered harshly into his collarbone. He was so overwhelmed by it all of a sudden that he felt his eyes begin to prickle.
“He’s in my classes,” Sherlock said excitedly, sitting up straight on his knees and facing his dad. “He’s got blond hair and he’s really smart, and he plays on the rugby team and he’s the
Dad’s laughter died away in an instant, his face schooled into seriousness once again. “Ah, right. Okay.”
John watched him, his lean, dark figure getting smaller and smaller, before he disappeared out the office door, which swung shut behind him with a quiet
“Thank you.” Sherlock took the coffee from John, deliberately not touching his fingers as he did so.
“Morning, sir,” John said, smiling as he passed by them on the landing. He nodded once at Magnussen. “Mr. President.”
All talk in the room died out instantly, leaving silence. Every head was turned toward Sherlock. Some looked disappointed, others baffled.
John laid a quick, reassuring hand on his shoulder before opening the door and stepping out onto the pavement. He looked up at the flaking paint on the sign, as Sherlock drove off to the car park;
He hurried to grab his bag from his locker and raced from the school building. He ran through side streets, dodged around people’s legs on the sidewalk. He knew what he had to do now. It was so
Sherlock couldn’t help beaming at him in return as he pushed a map towards him, indicating one of several large red circles. “Here. Griff Street. One of Sokolov’s safe houses is three blocks away, in the basement of a café, and it’s the closest one to Dmitri Orlova’s primary residence. He went underground when the killings started, but we’ve got surveillance in his building and we know he’s been going back there – every three nights, to check his locks and his safe. Sokolov will go to the café first, most likely, to regroup, and then up to Griff Street to surprise him when he gets in – at about quarter to eleven.”
Sherlock buttoned his suit jacket and gave them his best Humble-and-Professional smile, worked to perfection to convey a deepest sense of duty and patriotism. He lifted his hand and gave them a brief wave, sweeping the crowd side to side once. That should satisfy them well enough. He turned away, ignoring their desperate shouts of “over here, Prime Minister!”
“Good.” Sherlock set him back onto the pavement but kept him wrapped tightly in his arms. “I could help you brush up your astronomy.”
“But – you –” John took a deep breath. then plowed straight on through. “You don’t fancy going for a Christmas drink, do you?”
Now, as Sherlock stepped out of the lift and into the glass-panelled conference room that the force had given to him as a makeshift office while he was here, the nerves and irritation that he’d been feeling constantly throughout this case began to ebb slightly. He knew it was down to the wire and he needed to concentrate – there was still vital information to find out about the suspect and strategies to finalize for tonight – but the thought of John at his side once again made warmth bloom in his chest. In just four hours, John would be here with him, smiling and saying things and being amazing, brilliant
Sherlock grinned, more slyly than usual, as he looked down at him. He was bouncing rather quickly now.
“I know, I know,” he said between kisses, his voice so full of emotion it was excruciating. “God, I missed you too, you can’t
He’s heavy. Waterlogged. Limp. Sherlock is dimly surprised at his own strength for a split second. His head breaks the surface and he sucks in air and with every ounce of anything left in him he pushes John up onto the rocks and crawls up after him.
Mycroft’s face didn’t change as he turned and led Sherlock down the hall, but Sherlock swore he saw one of the suited men roll his eyes.
“Oh –” David looked a bit startled at John’s sudden appearance. “I just came by to borrow some CDs.”
Sherlock’s hands fidgeted a little by his side as he took a tentative step towards John. John gave a curt nod and stepped inward, too. With awkward, unsure movements, they slotted into each other’s space, and Sherlock curled his fingers around John’s right hand.
But John needed him, too. He needed his husband. He needed every part of the man he loved, not just the parts that could help him through this. He needed every beat of his heart, every flicker of worry in his eyes, every gentle, trembling touch of his worshipful fingers. He needed
They turned back to the maps then, and the plan, but kept their hands clasped under the table, out of sight of the surrounding officers, occasionally giving each other a reassuring squeeze or a soft sweet brush of fingers over the other’s palm. It wasn’t nearly enough, but it was a small, comforting anchor to each other in this hostile territory, and an earnest promise of what was to come when all of this was safely wrapped up.
“Thank you,” he said quietly. His eyes were cast down a little as he took the phone back, and – was it John’s imagination, or was there a twinge of pink tinting his cheeks?
Sherlock nodded, then added “Yes,” when he realized that Mycroft couldn’t see him. “I don’t – they won’t let me –” He cleared his throat, painfully. “That is, I’m waiting for news.”
“It’ll be nice to get back into my own bed tonight,” John said as he stretched out his shoulder, and Sherlock’s heart couldn’t help but lift a little at the smile in his voice.
The ache in John's side - most likely, though it could have been the headache or the dry throat or the stiffness in his joints - was what pulled him out of sleep.
ed away the seconds, counting down time that Sherlock couldn’t keep track of, counting down to forthcoming hours that didn’t exist, could never exist, as long as he was in this limbo of frenzied calm where nothing could ever be found.
The room was dark and they fumbled for a while with clothing, too frantic to stop and work their way through it. The tiny twin bed made movements awkward (John thought about complaining to the innkeeper after all), but they weren’t exactly in a position to grumble about it, and they groped and rutted against each other and came apart with deep moans and shaking gasps, and John was asleep with Sherlock’s liquor-soured breath against his neck before his brain even had a chance to get a handle on what they had just done.
John turned. A stunningly beautiful girl sat at the other end of the bar. A few strands of brown hair framed her face where it peeked out from the fur-lined hood of her winter coat.
Sherlock leaned back into him just a bit as he dragged his bow across the last refrain. John closed his eyes against his shoulder, smiling a little, feeling the soft, beautiful notes echo through the space around them. Comforting them.
Sherlock cast his eyes downward, his teeth worrying his bottom lip, clearly weighing the possibility in his mind. His fingers fiddled with the handle of his coffee mug, a tense gesture that John recognized immediately.
John stepped forward too. The entire restaurant was silent now, every eye focused on the two of them.
He stroked up John’s cheek with his thumb, sweeping tenderly over John’s fingers where they held on.
“No,” she purred, her dark eyes widening. “I’ll just be hanging around under the mistletoe. Hoping to be kissed.”
The question took a moment to register in Sherlock’s mind, and then his expression sobered. “No, not entirely.”
He’d had a chance to calm down a little after John had stopped dancing and returned to Sherlock’s side, and then even more during the cab ride home. John seemed to realize something was off, but chalked it up to just the party wearing on him, and they decided to call it a night about half an hour later.
Not that there was much luck on that front, even outside of work. John had been wildly off his game lately. He couldn’t figure out what was the matter with him. Did slumps like this happen to other blokes?
John made a noise low in his throat, somewhere between surprise and relief, and pulled Sherlock closer to him, one arm wrapped around his shoulders, the other snaking around his torso and fisting in the material of his shirt.
They rounded a corner, and then stopped. They’d reached the restaurant, with a wood sign hanging over the door and holly leaves painted on the windows.
.” Sherlock panted as he kept thrusting, into John’s grip. The friction was immediately more intense, and John sucked in a low breath.
He dug through the pockets of his coat – slung over the back of the desk chair – and pulled out his phone. A message from Mycroft, containing a single sentence of congratulations. Sherlock shoved the phone back into his coat without replying.
“Who cares, the food’s awful anyway,” Sherlock replied without looking up. “All the guests hate it.”
His hands were sweaty where they were locked around Sherlock’s back, he realized dimly, and he had to dig his fingers in for purchase, but he wasn’t going to risk losing his hold, not when Sherlock’s thrusts were stroking the very centre of him, the sweet slide of his cock against John’s prostate sending him keening in his grip, every beautiful, unhurried movement of his hips flush against John’s body making his heart sing with warmth in his chest.
The tension between them was electric – it was fire crackling in every stolen glance, it was overwhelming heat in every shifting movement; it was lightning striking his chest with each beat of his heart, with so much want in him he felt like he would burst into flame.
“You really shouldn’t be taking personal calls at work, you know,” she went on, peering over her shoulder as she walked away. “Maybe I should make it an official policy.”
He hadn’t the least idea of how much time had gone by before he sighed and drew himself up out of his chair again. He muttered a quick excuse to the group and went with laboured steps over to the next bank of chairs – close enough keep their voices in earshot, to keep him grounded, but far enough away to have some empty space around him. He needed some distance; he needed some room to breathe as he tried to stop
been able to refuse John’s request, so joyfully, obliviously delivered, he’d only have to fend off his questions. And, sooner or later, he’d have to give in. He’d have to either show him, or tell him why he couldn’t.
“Make fun if you like, but if you’d been a sailor a couple of centuries ago, you’d know exactly where to find it.”
John took a step back as the man straightened up. The lighting people began puttering around, making adjustments, and the director called for some new camera positions and some extra supplies.
A strangled, desperate sound escaped Sherlock’s lips, and he clutched at John’s hand - he was trembling faintly in his grip.
Sherlock rocked forward, and John raised his head up, but he was still rather flustered, and his forehead collided with Sherlock’s chest.
And John had had a reply on his lips, but something had made him hold it back. There was something in Sherlock’s face, an expression almost like…defeat.
He hadn’t meant to say it, and Mike’s eyes widened again with uncontained shock, but Sherlock truly couldn’t see any other way around this that wouldn’t sound horribly forced and ridiculous. There was no way he could go on pushing this song seriously, no matter what John thought, but they were in it now and if he had to put his own neck on the block, that’s just what he would do.
This chapter is based on the story originally featuring Sarah (Laura Linney) and Karl (Rodrigo Santoro). Again, with some important changes made to the ending :).
He went off down the long, polished hallway, where a lot more besuited men were waiting in front of his new office. But before he reached them, Sherlock stopped, halfway down, and looked back.
Backstage, people were crowded into groups and chatting in excited whispers, but Sherlock moved off to stand alone by the wall. He was too nervous to try to talk. There was too much at stake.
“Uh, pardon me,” John interjected, quickly, desperate to stop this before it got out of hand. “I am – I am meaning your other son. Sherlock.”
Sherlock took the x-ray with trembling hands, and John leaned in, his body moving seemingly of its own accord. And surely enough, there it was, that dark mass in the middle of the outline that was Sherlock’s torso, still there but
Sherlock nodded curtly in response, and they set off down the main road together. But now every step felt laden with purpose, with slowly building energy, with a need to get back to the hotel
John stood there, blinking, barely noticing that his mouth was hanging open stupidly, or that people were still shuffling by them in either direction. The apparition in front of him had seemed, in that moment, to make everything else vanish.
“But what if that’s not enough?” His voice was quiet, but the depths of his worries rang out sharply through his words. “What if one day something happens that I can’t fix, or there’s a puzzle that I can’t solve?” His eyes shone as they bored into John’s with quiet melancholy.  “What if you need me and I fail you?”
“Well, give the painkillers a minute.” John hid his chuckle in another sip of his tea. “I’m fine, love. Really. How could I not be, when I’ve got you?”
Eventually, they were able to round up most of the sheets, and without getting bitten by any eels, too. Some of them were balled up and useless, but most of them would still be salvageable when laid out to dry. He’d only have to rewrite half a dozen pages or so.
“Um, Wandsworth.” John moved to stand in front of the desk as Sherlock sat behind it, but didn’t take the proffered chair. “The dodgy end.”
A swelling in the back of Sherlock’s throat halted the flow of his words. He shifted his grip on the scarf, reached down to brush the hair away from John’s temple.
Sherlock felt it, and pulled his fingers out. John almost sobbed at the sudden feeling of emptiness, but Sherlock was back in a second with three fingers, teasing his hole for a moment before working their way in. John felt his fists clenching above his head, every muscle in his body seemingly thrown into overdrive. He cried out again when the three fingers brushed that spot inside him again – oh, he could just
Hardly daring to breathe, John moved in close and settled his arm around Sherlock’s back. Sherlock copied him. His fingers felt like they were burning where they rested against John’s shoulder blade.
A small smile tugged at Sherlock’s lips as he swept off his coat and sat down with the suspect’s file, imagining that he could feel the warmth radiating off John’s body as he leaned in over Sherlock’s shoulder to read it.
The audience was cued to applaud, and did so quickly, and Sherlock snuck in a quick wink at the camera zooming out on him, the one that John was standing behind.
“Um…” He sputtered stupidly, shuffling papers around in his embarrassment. “If we, uh.” He cleared his throat.
Sherlock’s mind was buzzing, whirling in all possible directions, but that look made one emotion fight its way to the forefront and overpower everything else – cold fury.
John was currently holding the man by the hips against the pillar at the front of the set, pretending to thrust into him from behind. He was taller than John, and quite lean, with an impressive set of muscles evident underneath his tight button-up. He had sleek, dark hair that curled in tight ringlets around his head like a crown, and – John couldn’t help noticing as his fingers settled at a respectful distance from it – a lovely, round arse which was shown off nicely as he bent forward.
“Ah,” Sherlock said lowly. He remembered once, an unfortunate cab ride he had taken that way after leaving an impromptu meeting at Mycroft’s house. “Yes, that
“Think they’ll be alright now?” John fell into step beside him, as they moved down the sidewalk, giving themselves some distance from the building and the surrounding officers.
“And I – just sort of panicked, I guess,” John said with a little shrug. His gaze still hadn’t left Sherlock’s, less desperate now, and more – hopeful?
A few people walked off the floor, uninterested, but Sherlock didn’t move. His eyes fell upon John, with an embarrassed smile on his face. He ran a hand through his perfectly styled hair.
Sherlock made himself stay still until he finished his coffee, each sip agonizingly slow, his fingers drumming impatiently on the table. In the end he probably didn’t quite make it to five minutes, but found himself not caring one bit as he swept up from the table and back through the lobby.
And there’s a joy in his half-drowned face that makes Sherlock stop shivering as a half-laugh, half-sob bursts from his throat.
It may have been Sherlock’s irritation at his brother’s spectacularly poor timing, but Mycroft seemed particularly insufferable today. Sherlock swore that half the documents he brought to them weren’t even necessary, just his attempt at petty revenge, and sun had dipped below the London skyline before he’d finally gotten everything he needed.
John took it, and let himself be pulled onto his feet and into the middle of the sitting room, where he wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist and nestled himself into the crook of his neck. Sherlock settled one of his arms around John’s shoulders and rested the other on the small of John’s back. He began to sway them slightly, back and forth, to the sweeping melody of the concerto, revolving in slow circles. Note to note, movement to movement. He could feel John smiling into his collarbone, and pressed his own lips to the crown of John’s head, humming along softly. Eventually Sherlock closed his eyes and tuned it all out, the lights and the snow and the glowing fire, everything but the melody in his ears and John in his arms – all the Christmas cheer he needed.
John didn’t reply, just gave a little nod over his shoulder, and Sherlock’s stomach had twisted itself up before he’d fully computed what had happened.
him, if they could hear him and understand that this was all wrong, that this was all so dreadfully terribly excruciatingly
feel good, though, as Sherlock wiped gently at his back, at the cleft of his arse, at the sticky sheets beneath his soft cock. Sherlock tossed the pillow away and climbed back into bed, and John managed to roll over onto his side and reach out for him.
back, soon enough. Still, the fact that it had been since the night before he’d been stabbed that they’d made love – nearly two and a half weeks now – wasn’t exactly helpful to the situation.
He bucked his hips into the pillow, his cock rutting against it, and the friction was just this side of too rough, but he didn’t care. All he could feel were Sherlock’s fingers stoking the fire inside him, every sweet stroke against his prostate making him shudder with feeling.
“Lift up for me, sweetheart,” he murmured against his skin, and Sherlock obeyed, reaching down to help John with his belt and pull it free. John kissed at his navel once more, then in one fluid motion shucked down Sherlock’s trousers and tossed them aside.
They kissed deeply for a few moments more, desperately but unhurriedly. Savoring the feeling of the other so close, so warm and pliant in each other’s arms. Savoring the tightness of their throats and the fullness of their hearts, the feeling of coming back to the place where they were always meant to be, as easily and naturally as breathing. Of loving each other so completely that they simply didn’t know how else to be.
John bent to press another chaste, reassuring kiss to Sherlock’s lips, and then picked up the bottle of lube from where it had fallen onto the sheets. He poured out a generous amount onto his palm and slicked his fingers, then repositioned himself between Sherlock’s legs, continuing to cradle Sherlock’s face with his other hand and smooth gently along his jaw.
Bright and early the next morning, Sherlock was striding into the office space with a purposeful step. Somewhere in his restless unconsciousness, he’d realized that he needed to set things straight. He needed to ask John what had happened, and find out exactly what lines Magnussen had crossed so he could offer to help in any way John needed. And if John
He trailed off. Harry was already talking again. Doing his best not to look at Sherlock, John shuffled off of his lap and swung his legs over the side of the bed, facing away from him.
“Just say you’ll stay with me,” he whispered. The words dug into John’s chest and buried themselves behind his ribs.
for Sherlock, as close as possible, nothing between them but their mingling sweat and pounding heartbeats.
But if there was someone like that out there for John, too, they’d probably want nothing to do with him as he was now. Who in their right mind would be looking for a mess like him, blindly stumbling through stepfatherhood and with all the baggage of being freshly widowed from a woman he hadn’t loved enough?
There was silence for a few moments while the AD went back to check the cameras. John sniffed a bit, continued his thrusting. Sherlock was staring off to the side, his eyes glazed over with boredom and fatigue.
“I feel it in my fingers,” he sang, with as much feeling as he could muster. “I feel it in my toes.”
Sherlock tugged John’s face toward his and kissed him passionately. John melted against him, breathing desperately between his lips, one hand cradling Sherlock’s face, the other arm curling around Sherlock’s shoulders and holding him close as if he would somehow slip away.
He turned around, there was John smiling up at him; face tired but bright, and with his eyes glinting in that familiar, beautiful way –
John smiled too – Sherlock’s arm was outstretched, and John leaned into him. He sighed again, feeling some of the weary rawness ebb away. Having Sherlock close to him was always a comfort. A blessed familiarity.
Mycroft turned his head to look at him straight on. His eyebrows were raised almost imperceptibly. “It wasn’t yours, either, Sherlock.”
They went inside, sopping wet, and John found them towels and fresh clothes. He gave Sherlock his white cable-knit jumper, and the sleeves were a bit too short for his long arms but it only made him look softer and more endearing. He had to tear his gaze away quickly, and went into the kitchen to put the kettle on.
On screen, the camera was zooming in on John’s eyes. He was looking straight ahead, not seeing the camera, but they glinted with muted sunlight anyway.
Red – all he could see was red. Red on the glistening blade, red flinging out onto brick and asphalt, red pouring out through fabric and over skin and staining the night dark crimson.
“Yeah,” John managed. He turned his head, blindly, but Sherlock found his lips. John pushed his tongue into the heat of his mouth, sloppy and uncoordinated, but Sherlock responded with just as much enthusiasm. There was something so intimate about it, him so steady and sure, while John was coming undone under his hands.
“John,” Sherlock said, slowly. He’d turned toward him now, and was rubbing hard at his temples. “Listen, I’m sure there
John nodded. Sam had told him a few days ago about his plan to confess his feelings for her at the concert, when she would perform. John had been the one to encourage him along. It felt almost bizarre for something like this to be so important to John at this time in his life, but it was nice, too. It felt good to know that innocent love existed so close to him. Freeing, almost.
Sherlock froze, his hand hovering in midair. Magnussen was whispering something back, which he could only hear snatches of.
“Great, excellent,” he sighed. He gave himself a moment to collect his thoughts, then turned around. “Thanks, Sarah.”
“Really?” Magnussen’s eyebrows raised slightly behind his circular glasses. “I’ve never found that.”
Sherlock cleared his throat. “How…was your flight?” He wanted to choke back those words even as he said them. It was as if they didn’t know each other at all.
For a moment John stood, rooted to the spot, then sighed and slumped his shoulders. Well, might as well get it over with. Again.
, everywhere, on all sides, where Sherlock never thought he could be, never thought John would be pressing himself into him like this, loving him too…
John chuckled again, and it stirred something dark in Sherlock’s chest that made him duck his head down to his phone again, but still keep them both in the corner of his vision.
He gave her another little nod, and left. Maybe he’d better pop back in before the reception, just to check on her. She’d like that. Probably.
His voice struck up again, deep and gorgeous, as he started on the next section of his book. It was sort of a fun story, what with the evil witch and the strange creatures and the childlike wonder of a magical world, but it wouldn’t have been half as interesting in anyone else’s voice, wouldn’t have swept though him like a warm, glittering tide, filling him with the gentle flicker of sheltered bliss that he loved about this time of year.
But when John seemed to nod at her, and then followed her out onto the dance floor, Sherlock felt the fiery rage flickering up his chest and into his throat suddenly turn into ice. The gallery, he thought, must really be at the top of a building in a powerful wind, or at the bottom of the freezing river, because surely that could be the only reason all the breath had drained from his lungs, why the air around him seemed to bite into his skin like an impermeable frost?
The clock neared on five, and people left the office with well-wishes toward each other. John didn’t know why he stayed, even as the space became emptier and emptier. Lately he’d been leaving as soon as he could but…well. He supposed his dread of Christmas Eve with Harry was enough to keep him here. Even as the door slammed shut behind the final merry workers, and John was left alone, with the lone figure in the far office remaining behind.
“Uh…” he said, thrown slightly. He composed himself, turned back. “Or, when I hang up, I’ll be flooded with invitations to quite a few glamorous parties.”
,” Sherlock said, quickly. “But the truth is, I’m in love. I was before she died, and there’s nothing I can do about it.”
John awoke a few days later in less pain than he’d been in all week, though surprised not to find Sherlock lying next to him in bed, or standing beside it, ready to begin their bandage-changing ritual. Even as he drifted into consciousness, a shadow of alarm crept into John’s heart which was already aching a bit at the lack of him, and he rolled over to find a scrap of paper on the end table with a scribbled
He peered around the wall and watched John move toward the side street, then slipped out and followed as soon as John had turned the corner.
“Yeah, it wasn’t bad,” replied John. He was already in bed, propped against the pillows and reading some more of his book.
A bright, gorgeous, breathless kiss, each of them smiling too wide to delve in too deep, and it was as perfect as the gentle snowflakes that dusted their coats, warm as the soft glow of the light on the corner just beyond them. It was the all the enchantment of the evening they’d spent feeling lucky just to be near each other, of all the days and nights they’d ever spent chasing each other through the streets, laughing in each other’s arms, being completely and wholly happy the way they were always meant to be.
“It’s just him,” Sherlock gasped out. He reached into his pocket for a spare magazine and snapped it into the handle of his revolver. “His contact must have run off.”
“Try to relax for me.” John lightly circled Sherlock’s entrance with a slicked finger. Sherlock sucked in a deep, shuddering breath and tried to acquiesce, but even those lightest of touches sent bolts of electricity streaking up his spine.
The outline of a tall, emaciated man stumbled through the door and fell on its knees in front of the fireplace. Orlova reached in and fumbled with the lock, his hands visibly shaking, his breath coming in ragged gasps that echoed like gunshots in the previously silent room.
,” Sherlock went on. “If I reach number one,” he turned his head out towards the cameras with a mischievous grin. “I promise to sing a song, stark naked, on TV on Christmas Eve.”
“More,” he whispered softly, almost brokenly. John nodded once, kissed Sherlock’s cheek, the corner of his jaw, as he added a second finger. Sherlock cried out, low in his throat, his back arching off the bed, his hips moving ever so slightly in an involuntary effort to bring John in deeper.
“You know perfectly well that’s not what I meant,” John replied, a hint of laughter underlying the sincerity in his voice.
John pursed his lips to prevent his smile from splitting his face in two. He thought his heart might burst out of his chest.
He pursed his lips in a hard line, trying to force it all back, but it was too late – he was already trembling with it.
“Don’t worry,” John said, and he reached out and took Sherlock’s hand. “This was my school, I know my way around.”
“We can try.” Slowly, Sherlock hazarded another glance around the corner, but their suspect – one of Mycroft’s underlings who’d been selling state secrets on the side – had vanished down a narrow side street.
Sherlock’s eyes fell closed, but he didn’t move any other muscle. He didn’t dare. The moment he moved was the moment this stopped, the moment he woke up and John’s lips would stop pressing so sweet and warm against his, his tongue would stop pushing hesitantly inward to meet Sherlock’s, his hands would stop curling around Sherlock’s cheeks like something rare and precious. If Sherlock moved, John would vanish into a puff of smoke, and Sherlock’s heart would shatter again, into a million smaller fragments.
“Yeah,” John breathed, low and rough with arousal. His hands skimmed over the smooth silk of Sherlock’s pants, the luscious curve of his arse, urging him closer. “Yeah, love.”
John nodded curtly in the dark and leaned back so he could peer around the leg of the chair and out towards the window.
The day had been long and unforgiving. Sherlock examined himself in the wardrobe mirror as he pulled off his tie. How long would his hair stay black, he wondered? Prime Ministers always went gray in office, if they weren’t already.
He watched, still unable to look anywhere else, as John plodded down the rest of the stairs and pushed his way through his family. He snagged his coat from Clara’s hands as he passed her, and swung it on as he stepped over the threshold.
“God, you’re so beautiful like this.” John had pulled back to look at him more fully, his eyes so bright and tender it was unfathomable. He pushed his hand back to thread through Sherlock’s curls and draw their lips together, meeting in the absolute lightest of brushes. “So impossibly beautiful.”
,” John let out, indignantly, but it only made Sherlock burst out into giggles. “Just a stern talking-to about her kid. That wasn’t the odd part.”
“Shh.” John rubbed his thumbs soothingly over Sherlock’s hips, and bent to kiss the head of his cock through his pants. “I know, love, I know. I’m gonna make you feel
He huffed out a miniscule breath of laughter. “But you don’t have to.” John turned his face toward Sherlock’s neck, breathing him in. “I’m getting stronger every day, thanks to you.”
John’s hand clenched in his lap; he held himself in Sherlock’s gaze, still fighting to keep still, and felt that breathless anticipation trickle away, leaving cold defeat in its wake. He saw that hunger in Sherlock’s eyes cloud over with a similar resignation, and he knew that it was hopeless. John tore his eyes away, dropping his head and sighing.
He sighed, then moved to stand at the window. The radio beside the bed was tuned to an oldies’ station, and a slow disco beat was starting up. Sherlock gazed out into the darkness, rolling his shoulders back a little.
Maybe it had been Dartmoor’s rolling hills and sky full of scattered stars. Maybe it had been the edges of adrenaline and fear still coursing through his shaking heart following the hound, the gunshots, the explosion. Or maybe it had been the five pints each that they’d downed at the pub in the Cross Keys afterward, urgently needing an escape.
The small crowd rose up with cheers. Flashbulbs went off in every direction, reporters waving and screaming behind them.
With the extra friction on his cock, Sherlock cried out, gave another hard thrust, two three, and then he was coming, too. He spilled out over John’s lower back, over the top of his arse, and John sighed with another aftershock of pleasure running through him. Sherlock panted, his belly tensing up – John wished he had the strength to roll over and touch him, but settled for covering Sherlock’s hand with his own where it rested near John’s face, and running his thumb tenderly over Sherlock’s.
He stood, rooted to the stage and staring without seeing, until the teachers had made their announcements and the choir began filing off in straight lines. Sherlock followed them, not really sure where he was going or what anyone was saying, but somehow he found his violin case among the mass of people and then was pushing his way out, out toward the school corridors and away from all this.
“Sorry, just, you’ve been standing there for a while. Coffee’s probably getting cold.” The boy nodded towards the cups, apprehension clearly winning over the concern in his face.
“I bloody well have,” John said, and he turned just enough to flash Sherlock a winning grin. “Every last detail, down to my bag packed entirely full of condoms.”
“Oh, Sherlock…” John breathed out, overcome. He lifted it gently out of the box, trailing the shimmering silver chain behind it, pooled in the satin. “Sweetheart, it’s beautiful.”
“You weren’t here, I needed it,” Sherlock retorted, half defensive, half amused. He smoothed his hand through John’s hair and pulled him in for another kiss, stifling John’s soft laughter with his lips.
“Yeah.” John’s voice was lighter now. “He gets like this before every Christmas – I think it’s all the Father Christmas-related cons going around.”
John let out a rough sound of his own, but his mouth turned up at the corners into something beautiful and genuine, and he kissed Sherlock once more underneath the blurry Christmas Eve sky.
They’d reached the intersection with the main road, and stopped walking, but stood facing each other for a while. Neither of them seemed able to tear their eyes away.
But Sherlock was already on his way over. Without missing a beat, he came around the back of John’s chair and began massaging his neck and shoulders, working his clever fingers around to find the knots in his muscles, and coax them out firmly but carefully. John dropped his hand and sighed, and sank into the contact.
“So –” Sherlock didn’t seem to be able to get words out, swallowing and stammering every time he opened his mouth. “What – what does that mean for me?”
Sherlock was sitting in his chair, the fire crackling behind him in the grate. He had his laptop opened on his crossed legs, and he was looking up at John in surprise.
John turned to the window, the glass before the gray overcast sky reflecting back his even grayer face. Maybe he should just retire. He was well past the age where he was entitled to it. But it wasn’t the first time he’d considered it, and the same reservations crowded up inside his mind again, unable to be ignored. The thought of staying home all day in that flat when…after it had happened, just too much to bear.
Sherlock blinked away the haze in front of his vision and turned toward the sound, and what he saw made his brow furrow in surprise.
“We sure can.” John was feeling it too, that sensation of his mind and body being softened up by oncoming sleep. “Who needs space, when you have a brilliant man to keep you warm?”
And there was something about it – about the gentle ray of happiness shining out of him – that made John’s heart lurch in his chest. It was more powerful than anything he’d ever felt.
Sherlock closed the card and put it down on the table, and stared at the snowman on the front. As if maybe the little cartoon could explain it all to him, and tell him it was real.
Sherlock had protested vehemently from the start, his adamant refusal leading to a one of the biggest rows 221B had ever seen. But Mycroft persisted, and eventually overruled him by citing the many favours he’d done for Sherlock over the years and claiming it was high time Sherlock did one for him. To his credit, he’d softened the blow with a promise that it would only take a couple days at most, as well as a substantial monetary compensation that even Sherlock couldn’t dismiss But the row had recommenced with even more fervour, and took even longer to resolve, when Mycroft had insisted that John stay behind.
Sherlock riffed the last line once, twice, three times, ending on a long, drawn out “sho-o-o-o-ow” as the final chord played out, and drifted upwards. The crowd was on its feet, screaming with applause, and Sherlock, careful to keep the guitar in position, gave them a shallow bow.
“Sherlock!” Lestrade greeted him jovially as he rounded the corner. “We were just talking about everything – nasty business, isn’t it?”
“Oi, don’t you go telling her I said that,” John said sternly, and Sherlock chuckled and sipped at his tea. Then John sighed a bit, and added “or, hell, maybe
“But…” Sherlock was shaking his head, slowly. “But – they said I likely wouldn’t respond to the radiation.”
The room exploded with cheers. Applause rang out, champagne glasses were raised and swiftly guzzled, everyone alight and punching the air. Sherlock joined them, raised both his fists, and stepped onto a nearby table to look over them all as the roadies howled and chanted.
John shook his head, but didn’t have time to dwell on it. It seemed like the entire Portuguese quarter was following them now, and Mr. Holmes had turned onto the next wide road.
“Not a bad one this year, is it?” Lestrade leaned against the table next to Sherlock, and tipped a good quantity of the remaining wine into his mouth. “Where’s John?”
Sherlock stepped down onto the lower floor, and John stepped forward. They were inches from each other, alight and beaming, the rest of the world forgotten.
“Harry, that’s enough,” John cut in firmly. He glanced back to the kitchen, but Sherlock had moved further in to where John couldn’t see him.
“Don’t be. You’re recovering.” So gently John almost didn’t feel it, Sherlock pressed a kiss into John’s hair. “You need it.”
The office had barely quieted down, ministers and secretaries bustling all over, retelling the incident with every combination of exhilaration and anxiety possible.
He stopped it at the end of the table, with a glance up and a smile. His eyes roved around everyone present, and stopped on Sherlock, lingering.
A ragged gasp escaped John’s throat, and he looked up into Sherlock’s beautiful, unsure eyes. He snapped the watch shut and dropped it in his pocket, gripping Sherlock by the base of his neck and pulling him into a hard, deep kiss.
“Don’t worry.” Sherlock turned around with a soft smile. His phone buzzed in his trouser pocket. “The Lestrades send their love, by the way.”
“There’s a very strong feeling in the party that we must make it clear that we won’t allow anything like the disrespect we received from their last administration,” Alex said.
Sherlock felt as though all the lights had fallen from the rafters and crashed down on all their heads. Distantly, he heard the drummer play out a loud riff, and the choir belt out their last note.
John was sitting in an old armchair across from her. The sterile feeling of the white walls and shining floors made her look even paler than usual. She wasn’t smiling. There were lines around her mouth, like she’d been holding that resentful face for days without moving.
“What are we looking at here, then?” John had already sat down, his jacket folded over the back of the chair, when Sherlock closed the glass door behind them. He bent over the table again, rummaged a bit through the stack of papers.
John kissed him, and Sherlock pushed in further, seating himself within John inch by perfect inch – until John was moaning low into Sherlock’s mouth, full of him, surrounded by him, whirling with pleasure as Sherlock buried himself slowly up to the hilt.
“I love you,” Sherlock whispers again, because he’s said it now and he’s said it finally and he never wants to stop. “I’ve always loved you.”
The thought of food made John's stomach churn away his laughter. "No, not at all," he said, grimacing, knowing his non-existent appetite would only be worsened in a couple hours by the nausea. Sherlock nodded.
before the sight of those wanton blue eyes drove him out of his mind. He tugged at the base of John’s neck and whispered hoarsely, “John,
“Alright?” Sherlock asked, gently. His finger traced lightly down John’s perineum, swirling around his entrance and sending a shiver coursing up through John’s body.
He moved to the end of the passage, slower now. There was a sliding glass door between him and the gate, and there were two attendants at the desk, each taking the last of the boarding passes.
“Not yet,” Sherlock said, a bit of a glint in his gorgeous eyes. “But I should have some of them done by the Christmas party.”
“Hey, sorry,” John said as he came in. He was shoving his mobile phone into the pocket of his jeans. “You got it? What did you find?”
Even in profile, Sherlock could see the cool smile settling on her rouged lips, and it made that chilly darkness swell up in his chest again.
“Fantastic.” The corner of John’s mouth turned up into a smirk; despite the circumstances, he was enjoying this, too. “So that’s our mark then? The Orlova kingpin?”
John hummed appreciatively and sank into him; he closed his eyes for a moment and rested his head in the crook of Sherlock’s neck. He was so solid, yet so soft, surrounding him at all angles, and it was impossible for John to feel anything but perfectly whole when he was in this space.
, Sherlock. And that’s because of you – you saved me, you brought me back. You took care of me.” John offered him a weak smile, his heart soaring when he saw some of the tension in Sherlock’s brow release in return. “You were with me through everything – even when I was the world’s most awful patient, you stayed with me.”
Fumbling a bit, Sherlock pulled the little video camera out from the inside pocket of his jacket. It had been a last-minute inspiration: Mary had been against it, saying it would look stupid for him to be standing up there filming, but Sherlock had overruled her with some reassurances about multiple angles for the wedding tape, and it had shut her up. She didn’t have to know that Sherlock’s footage would never go near the wedding tape being filmed by the professional videographer down in the aisle. She would never see Sherlock’s shots, nor did she need to know why he was so desperate to get them.
Harry’s eyebrows raised, and for a moment John thought she was going to lash out again – but she just turned back to Sherlock and shook his hand with a cold smile.
He grabbed a kebab from the plate and bit into it. Dad turned the page of his newspaper, looking fond.
“You gave me everything I needed,” John said, his voice quiet, earnest. “Absolutely everything, and I’m so grateful, love.” The heavy weight of his words was settling slowly in his chest, pushing up against his lungs. “But what I need, right now…” he paused for just a moment, catching his breath, “…is for you to take me to bed.”
Sherlock gasped out a humorless laugh. “But it was,” he said, so low he wasn’t sure Mycroft could hear him. “I let him go first.”
But the unsettling quality had gone from Magnussen’s face now, and he was back to his Charming-Politics-Smile. Sherlock shook the feeling away. He’d probably imagined it. First big moment as Prime Minister, and everything.
it happen I could easily get Lestrade to fire her. That seemed to set her straight – although I might get Lestrade to fire her anyway, now that I think about it.”
The window opened into a large sitting room, with a door to the kitchen on one end and a large fireplace surrounded by leather chairs on other. Sherlock scanned the room as thoroughly as the light would allow, and seeing nothing out of place, slid through the window and closed it again, leaving it unlatched. He drew his weapon and, taking care to quiet his footsteps, moved about the room checking all possible hiding places. He reached into the fireplace and groped along the left wall, confirming the location of the safe with the discovery of three iron hinges in the back corner. Satisfied, and certain now that the room was clear, he retreated to a wide wingback chair in the corner and crouched behind it, digging deep in his pockets for the radio.
“Yeah, more or less.” John was twirling a pen in his hand, the papers in front of him forgotten. “Have you got a boyfriend you’ll be bringing?”
The realization doesn’t make his heart pound, or scream at him out of his rattling mind. It just makes the water cut deeper under his skin, a tiny little knives of ice burrowing into his every pore and all remaining air squeezing itself from him.
