Tony wasn't too sure how he hadn't noticed those small things crawling up one by one and from there it had gotten much worse so that when Natasha had simply given him a hug or patted his back, Tony would glare at her, almost like he was warning her to back off from his Steve, he from there had ended up doing exactly the same thing to Thor, Clint and even Bruce once or twice until he realised what he was doing and stopped.
No matter how many times Tony had now heard the voicemail, the sound of that thing being in the same room as Steve was enough to cause Tony's hand to close into a fist thinking about how much he would just love right now to have it be Bucky's throat in his fist and to be choking the life out of him right now.
His own damn fault, sure he had tried his hardest not to believe it first of all, instead tricking himself into believing that it had all been a dream or that it was all down to Bucky, the Winter Solider, that bastard who had killed his parents, from there the blame had switched to making sure a part of him knew it was Steve's fault, if only he had tried harder and actually tried telling Tony the truth instead of always hiding it away, protecting HIM.
No, he had been there mostly because of what had caused the death of his father, caused him to have been able to breathe a sigh of relief when the shouting had ceased to exist but also had been the reason as to why he had had to listen to how his mother had suddenly lost her fight, had had her breath cut off. The reason why he had come to understand that he would never know the true reason as to why his father had hated him so much, why he had never shown him any love, why he had acted like he had been mourning the loss of a son despite his true son still being alive. The reason why his father had put all his trust into two people, one of whom Tony had put his trust into too, thought that he could trust with his whole life, the other one who Tony had never fully trusted and still to that day hadn't been too sure of, no that wasn't right, he hated that other guy.
Tony finally opened his eyes again, this time realising that he was no longer in that cold, dank room in Siberia, instead he was tucked away in his room in the Avengers Tower - though most notably lately it was just occupied by one Avenger, himself - his eyes becoming glassy as he realised that the dream he had originally been having wasn't just a dream, it was a reality and it was one that Tony was now going to have to live with the rest of his life.
Tony in that moment had been distinctly aware that the only and true reason that Steve... No, Captain America had never had the full guts to inform him of all that information had been because Rogers had never loved him, never even ever truly loved him because he had known deep down, he must have just how much that these details would go on to hurt Tony, had torn him apart from the inside out and mostly had made him sick to his stomach.
Tony had wondered before those words if it had really been possible for his whole body to shut down and it had been answered, he had known even back then that he had never wanted to hear another single word from Rogers ever again because that small thought of that man opening his mouth and saying something much worse had been too much for Tony to have fully comprehended.
Tony Stark's eyes snapped open almost as if against their own will that cool June morning, he was shaking, feeling both too hot and too cold at the same time whilst he could feel the thin sheen of sweat that covered his brow and he was only too well aware of the tight pain in his chest, the arc reactor in the middle of said chest feeling like it had suddenly grown five sizes in a short period of time and was now pressing down on him, trying to choke the life out of him.
"Sir. I know it is little of my business but you do not seem to leave your bed except for when your bladder calls upon you. Is wallowing in what could have been between you and Captain Rogers really the best way forward from here?"
Tony let his eyes close again, this time hearing the soft clop of footsteps taking the stairs up to his room and Tony groaned, trying his best to block out the noise and focus instead on who he wished it was rather than who he was more than well aware it was going to be.
Bright white light invaded his senses that very moment and Tony groaned, his hand coming up to shade his eyes against the outer light and wondering why he had even woke up at this god-damn too early point in the morning anyway, a few seconds later though he was reminded as a loud shrill of sound, some annoying woman singing about trying to listen to your heart until Tony couldn't stand it anymore.
And it would be in that moment that Steve would look over his way, a wide smile on his face once he realised Tony was awake as he would wander over, pushing his ever growing blonde hair back out of his face despite how it only fell forward around his eyes and he would lean forward, kneeling onto the bed, caressing a hand up Tony's side, Tony's breath catching in his throat as it always did when Steve had touched him in this way, forgetting everything except that soft smile on his face as Steve would place a hand on top of his arc reactor, pressing soft kisses to the surrounding area of skin before Tony could no longer stand it and would run his fingers under Steve's chin, tilting his face up to meet his own as they would kiss, lips to lips, Tony curling his hands into Steve's hair whilst Steve would wrap his arms around Tony's waist and they would stay there for a good while until Tony would push Steve away playfully, refusing to keep kissing him again until he had showered.
Something hit Tony in the chest and with a last thought of Steve, his eyes snapped open again immediately coming to rest on a finely pressed suit jacket facing him before his eyes came up to rest on the tall, red haired woman who was currently standing in his room, her arms crossed tight across her chest and her mouth turned down into a look that that Tony was pretty sure would have killed him right there on the spot if he had been anyone else.
And that was why he had been there, wasn't it? In that small enclosed space, staring at Steve Rogers.
Steve had known, hadn't he? He had known that whole time about what that thing had done, he had known all that time and had never even bothered to inform Tony until that fateful moment that Tony had been forced by Zemo to view the footage as it had happened. Had to view the very moment of that awful car crash all over again, been forced to watch as his parents car had hit the tree, how that disgusting thing, that Winter Soldier had walked over, punching his fathers skull in before he had simply turned on his mother and choked her to death. The Winter Soldier had been behind all that.
"Why can't you just answer your phone? I needed you to be here and you let me down. No, scratch that you let the Avengers down. I get that you like to think that you are some sort of Mr Macho guy but don't you understand how many people you are hurting right now by acting like such a spoilt brat? That's not really fair Tony." The message stopped suddenly as Tony heard Steve's voice on the other end pause to take in a deep breath, his voice slowly starting to crack as he continues.
"Sir? Should I fetch Miss Potts? Perhaps even calls Captain Rogers? You do seem depressed when he is not here."
Tony groaned that second, his head coming back to whack off his pillows trying to calm his breathing and just allow his all too heavy eyes just that little bit more relaxation, was it too much to ask, he had been enjoying, well maybe enjoying wasn't the correct word to use in this situation, he was more just kind of re-watching everything again in his head, seeing the reality of what had happened, it just wouldn't leave his head and Tony wasn't too sure why, but this dream was stuck with him.
"F.R.I.D.A.Y. play it." Tony knew that he had made the right decision, despite how much he knew it was going to probably going to kill him inside, he just knew that he had to listen to it.
As if Tony had become more than aware of it, he could hear that the music out with his dream had stopped but that couldn't be, he hadn't told her to stop it.
In his dream, Tony could feel the cool night swirling around him, a soft wind tousling his hair, doing nothing to douse the feeling of warmth deep inside him as he felt someone walk up behind him, arms coming up to wrap around his waist and warm lips touching softly at the side of his neck, causing Tony to shiver involuntarily at the feeling.
"Tony." Steve's voice had snapped his attention away from the thing that had huddled in the corner and instead had brought his eyes straight to those of Captain America's own loving, blue eyes.
Hearing the last few lines of his and Steve's song play, fading away into the quiet of his room, only to pick up again a few seconds later, just like he had asked, Tony allowed his eyes close over, not caring that Pepper would most likely be storming up-stairs currently trying to figure out why he wasn't downstairs, ready to go. He was just lost.
Tony couldn't help it, he turned around in the Captain's hold, quirking one eyebrow up as if he couldn't quite believe that he had something now in the current twenty-first century that one Steve Rogers didn't have back during the war.
Saying those exact words and finally having the courage to say part of Captain America's name out loud had left Tony in a state of disbelief, gone were the times when he would have happily yelled out Steve's name and begged him to understand, gone were the times where he no longer was scared to show his true emotions, something that had really destroyed his body whilst his shaking hand had been raised slightly, facing directly towards Steve Rogers, ready to strike at any second in such a way that could have tore Captain Rogers into two pieces but despite his anger he had never wanted to truly hurt him, the only thing that he had wanted was Barnes, he had wanted to continue to punch the crap out of that murderer and to have never stopped.
Hydra had told the Winter Soldier just what to do and how to go around executing it and that bastard had went straight ahead and followed his orders, never it would seem, stopping to give a single thought to how it was going to affect everyone in the long run, how Rogers would pull himself away from everyone, trying to figure out a way to bring his friend back, that at the end of it all, they were going to be hurting not only Howard Stark and his wife but would destroy everything else as the couple had a four year old son who had been waiting on his parents returning home from their meeting with S.H.I.E.L.D. to put him to bed and read to him until he fell asleep.
"You are kidding me right? Mr Captain America is scared of something? Steve, I grew up hearing all your stories from my dad and they were impressive, not about someone who was , they were about someone who was and continues to be brave and strong and lives up to the typical American Dream. You are mppphh.."
But the one thing that Tony now missed more than anything was how no matter where they were, whether they were in the same bed, on opposite sides of the room or in the middle of a fight with the Avengers, he and Steve would always find each other, their gazes locking with one another and in that moment each man knew what the other was thinking, both never too afraid to let their love shine right through to their cores, knowing that they would always look out for one another.
Steve's arms tightened around him in that one small second and Tony leaned his head back onto Steve's shoulder, chuckling to himself at the thought that more than ten years ago, he would have never thought about opening up to someone like that, to actually show that he truly had a vulnerable side and that he did have moments where he was afraid, even of making something as easy as a speech.
And the voicemail fully stopped, just the mechanical voice updating Tony that that this voicemail message had been left on the seventeenth of March two thousand and seventeen and giving him the options to save the message, delete it or call the number back, the first two times after Tony had first gotten the voicemail he had tried to return the call thinking it rude for that bastard to tell Steve what to do but both times the number had went right to voicemail and he had given up.
He had been the reason behind of all this, the reason that Tony had never felt more alone than the night of his parents murder, the reason why he and Steve had been standing on slight opposite ends of the room.
Despite everything that had happened, a small part of Tony's mind still wished that Steve was going to come running up the stairs, taking them two at a time and appearing in the too small doorway, shield in hand but no, it was only ever to be fantasy because Captain Rogers had disappeared off to god knows where with Bucky - even the thought of the name brought a bad taste to his mouth - leaving nothing behind but his famous shield and a letter addressed to Tony advising that he should call him if he needed him but Tony, didn't, no he wasn't supposed to need the man as far as Tony could care, the further away that man was from him, the easier it was not to think about him or that stupid smile of his.
Remembering that the reason for the invading noise was F.R.I.D.A.Y. setting his alarm late last night - Tony was pretty sure that Pepper had told her to do it - so that he would be awake to go and do something that Pepper had been nagging him about for the last month or so and had never gotten further than telling Tony to get his ass out of bed before Tony would throw his covers over his head, telling F.R.I.D.A.Y to shut out all noise and light and not to allow anyone anymore access to his room and Pepper would storm out, rolling her eyes and referring to him as a troublesome two year old until Tony would fall back asleep, quite keen to block out the world all over again, Tony grabbed at the offending item, pulling loosely on the cord until suddenly the woman's shrieking had stopped as his alarm hit the ground and shattered upon impact, a mess of wires and broken glass and plastic all that remained of the damn thing.
Tony couldn't help the soft chuckle that escaped him in that moment, Steve really knew him well, maybe a bit too well but he was right, Tony did like talking about himself just a little bit too much at times but this was one of those moments where he wasn't sure if he was doing the right thing.
But Tony had come to realise over time that despite what he thought deep down inside his own mind, it could never be be replaced by how he had a huge part to play in regards to the way he had treated everyone, his reputation as a hothead had been common knowledge to all but yet no-one seemed to care until it was too late and Tony was in the middle of throwing items around the room, his voice rising with each item, every moment he continued to let his anger overtake him.
"F.R.I.D.A.Y." Tony mumbled to himself, knowing that his A.I.'s keen hearing sense would pick up the words being stated to her.
The buzzing noise returned a few moments and unlike last time within a few seconds, Steve's voice started to fill the empty bedroom, Tony softly closing his eyes over, muttering the words to himself whilst a small part of his brain was letting him fall back into a land of dreams where he could be happy and be back with Steve, ever so happy and content as they danced together on the dance floor, Steve's hands on his waist whilst Tony had his head on Steve's shoulder, it was something that Tony had only ever dreamed of but the reality was not to be.
“Tell you what,” Tony said, holding out a hand. “You got it. You’re absolutely right. Why don’t you go clear it up with my assistant, over there, while I get my kid some real food to eat with those olives?”
. And all thanks to Captain ‘I was a soldier in World War Two, but I don't kill’ Hypocrite. And the guy is my only hope of getting my face back so I can rejoin with my dream boy who is just to perfect. Oh, and stop the same from happening to anyone else, but mostly so I can get my boy back.”
When Wilson had taken the Reality Stone from Thanos, the fight to capture Thanos hadn’t been too difficult. With Wilson gone with the Stone, there would be no way to bring those lost back, even with the gauntlet. They were still trying to integrate Thanos, though. If Wilson came back, they’d need to know where the other Stones were.
“Steve,” he rasped, throat tight. “Steve, if you’re listening to this, you have to know just how much I’ve missed you. These last few months, it hasn’t been the same. Our family, it hasn’t been right. I wish we could have done more, to stop the fighting before it began. I should have listened to you, about Barnes. I knew he didn’t blow up the meeting, and I knew what would happen if he was brought in. But I was just thinking of the kids. If I didn’t get in with the Accords, get the ones in charge to trust me, I wouldn’t be able to fix it before it got out of hand…”
Taking a deep breath, he soldiers on. "If you can, please take this tape to the Avengers Tower in New York City on Earth. The Avengers need to know. One of the men that I was fighting alongside, a Doctor Strange, he looked into the future. He looked into every possible outcome of our fights, everything that could be done to stop Thanos. And he said that there was only one way we won. And it's this. We had to lose, we had to fail. Because Thanos was ready to take us down at every turn while on his mission to get the stones. But now that he's won? He won't be ready for us to come back and Avenge the ones who were lost.
They fought as they scaled the building, pedestrians taking photos from below as Peter tried to knock Lizard back down. Nothing seemed to work, though, and they were soon at the top. Apparently Connors had some kind of bio-chem bomb up there, and Peter quickly did his best to take out Connors and the bomb. He eventually did, thank god, but he lost Connors. As in, the man fell off the building, lost. The clean up crew had to scrape him off the sidewalk.
"Couldn't see you hurt. I saw Peter die, and I couldn't… I couldn't risk you. I love you. So much… And I just- I couldn't risk you too."
This time… he wasn't the only one leaning in. Tony's eyes darted back and forth between Steve's eyes and his lips, as Steve was taking in every little speck of detail in Tony's face. He could feel Tony's breath on his lips, and he moved to close the last few inches between them and kiss him like he should have.
“The whole world?” Tony asked, turning to lift Peter as high as he could, holding him under his armpits. “But the best one is in Daddy’s chest!”
Peter wanted to ask, but his Dad had been so excited to do the whole ‘first year as a teen’ birthday party. His Dad had an entire big party planned, one that would be just the Avengers and close friends. Before that, however, they were gonna do a day of father-son, hit the town sort of things. Just them, just fun goofing off. They wore suit jackets over band t-shirts and jeans, shades, did their hair the same.
Halfway through what was supposed to be a simple tour, just the basic floors, Peter was surprised when his
“Four or five moments,” Steve says, slowly walking towards him. “That’s all you need to be a hero. People think it’s a full time job. Wake up a hero, eat like a hero, go to sleep a hero. But it’s not. It’s four or five moments where you make a decision to be better then you were, or be better then your enemy. Moments where you make a choice. To make a sacrifice, fix a wrong, save a friend.” He gestured to Francis. “Spare an enemy.
Tony spent the next several hours looking into what was going on. He researched the Hanahaki disease, and found an informational awareness foundation that took donations to help fund treatment for the infected that couldn’t afford it. There wasn’t much run on the site anymore, though, since after about 2001, the number of people getting Hanahaki started dropping quickly from 200 a year worldwide to barely 10 a year worldwide. Even with its low infection count, it had a near 100% death rate. Not because it didn’t have a treatment or cure, because it did. A terrible one.
Eventually, he made his way upstairs, after some more crying from Peter, and scolding from Pepper. Obie was sitting at the piano, a pizza box on the table. Oh look, Obie brought dinner.
When the night was over and done, and Peter had fallen asleep, Wade walked with Tony down to the lab. It had been such an eventful day already, and Wade felt like his head was swimming.
“Give me a Scotch,” Tony said, then reaching down to pat Peter’s head. “And an empty cup, plastic if you have it, with olives? This little guy loves ‘em.”
Peter had wondered, after that, what it would have been like if he had been raised by his mother. Would she have told his dad? Would his dad have changed like he had after Afghanistan? Would his dad and pops even be together, if he hadn't been there to push them together?
“Why would your father be against Harry?” Gwen asked, frowning. “He’s never met him. He hasn’t met any of us.”
Suddenly, a cassette tape slid across the long table, making most in the room jump. Steve held his children to his chest, eyes wide as he stood and turned to the door to the far right. Coulson had drawn his gun, Clint pulling his bow into the ready position. A blond woman in a red, blue, and gold suit was standing in the doorway, scowling at them.
But, the lights were out, and a man stood at the far end of the living room, looking out of the floor to wall.
“Hey Peter,” Bucky said, eyes narrowed. “Did I ever tell you about this tiny ass punk that never quit, and how he thought fondue meant-”
“Well,” his dad sait in that voice that meant nothing good. “I kind to build it, using Loki’s scepter?”
Then he took Natasha, Clint, and Bucky- Tony liked to call the three of them the ‘assassin squad’ -and went to find Dr. Cho. They ended up finding her dead, and Ultron running off with her cradle machine. He ended up fighting with the Maximoff’s against Ultron, as in the twins were on his side, and he was just very, very, confused. Then they lost Natasha.
He had been out as Spiderman, listening to Friday for any criminal activity, when the entire city had basically gone silent. Not literally, of course, but figuratively. There weren’t any muggers, thieves, or any other kind of baddy out right now, so he got to chill out on a roof. He’d been thinking about getting a late snack, to eat while he watched the stars, but he didn’t have any cash on him unless he wanted to go home first.
Tony pouted, but let Rhodey hang up. He didn't have much of a choice, now. He'd have to call Pepper to talk, and that was just… awkward. She'd almost been his girlfriend, before everything with Peter happened, and now to talk about
“Yeah,” Tony said, lifting to look at the cards. “The truth is…” He trailed off, turning to look at Peter. His son stared up at him, big eyes practically pleading. So, Tony turned, and cleared his throat. “The truth is… I am Iron Man.”
“‘Dear Mr. Stark, I understand that you aren't the father type-” Pepper scoffed at that, “-but I'm eighteen, with no parents, siblings, or family to speak of. The baby is yours, as you were the only one I'd had sex with since my first time at 16. I know what I'm asking is a lot, but I hope that you will take care of him. I named him Peter.
There was of course Kate, or rather, Sharron. He’d met her towards the end, and had learned a bit more about women from her. Women, now, could be as tough and badass as Peggy. Though that could have just been because Tony knew her. The woman Tony knew all seemed to be tough badasses. Steve had also met a few others, who he continued talking with online: Gale Monroe, Ava Stone, Magnolia Ross, Henry Scott, Maria LaRue. They were all good people, but the one man that had left the greatest impression on him was Oliver Quinn.
Noticing his pops getting up, Peter quickly tiptoed his way back to his room. It was summer, sure, and he didn’t really have a bedtime or a special time he needed to be up, but he did want to sleep tonight. Also, being caught eavesdropping by Pops was the last thing Peter wanted.
And the thing about that, Steve found, as he stared into Tony's warm and intelligent brown eyes, was that he had. After their fight, so long ago, all he had wanted to do was punch something, everything, himself. He had messed up everything that had brought him joy that day. He'd hurt Tony, hurt Peter… He had betrayed them, and after leaving for Wakanda with Bucky, he had thought that he would never get a chance to see them, ever again. So yeah, he probably would have done the same if Tony had fallen with the others. Well, maybe not the exact same, but he would have at least killed Thanos on that mountain side, instead of take him prisoner.
“Be gentle,” Tony said, jokingly. “This is my first time. I designed this to come off, so… Ow! Hey!”
Peter chewed his lip, but eventually went to his room to drop off his school bag. He wasn’t surprised when they starting arguing again in hushed tones, though he could hear bits and pieces with his enhanced hearing. It was something that had happened with Deadpool. Something about that morning and the freeway? He didn’t get to hear all of it, but Peter had heard enough to look it up.
Tony blinked, eyes widening. Before he could think about what he was saying, his mouth opened. “Okay.”
Testing came after eating, and dear god. It was bad. So bad. He hit the ceiling. And Dummy doused him with the fire extinguisher. And Peter started crying. That was the worst part. Being mildly concussed and having Peter crying. Tony felt like he was getting his heart ripped out.
Rhodey didn’t let him say anything, though. They sat in forlorn, companionable silence for a while before Rhodey eventually gave him a hug and a salute, and let Natasha in. She didn’t say anything, but at least her expression changed when she saw him. He explained everything, and she eventually nodded and left. It could have just been his ding mind, but he could have sworn he saw tears in her eyes. She would tell Clint for him. After all, Clint didn’t do sad and dying well.
Stane got up first, picking up a car, before getting read to throw it at him. Collateral damage, Stane had called them. Tony gave shot at Stane through the chest piece, and caught the car, though power went down to 19%. Probably shouldn’t do that again!
“I need your help,” Wade pleaded, looking up at the man as he was literally on his knees. “Francis- The man that got away this morning… He has Peter and-”
So the Friday date didn't happen thanks to Coulson asking them to go take out a Hydra facility in Missouri. More like misery… Steve just wanted to take Tony to this little Italian place he knew from back in the 40’s. It was still standing and still as good!
“You fainted,” Doctor ‘I obey confidentiality’ replied, checking on Wade’s vitals. “But the important thing is why. But maybe that should wait-”
Swallowing, Tony held the bag to his chest, looking around as he chewed his lip. The Guardians had gotten to Titan somehow… Likely a ship. If he could just find it… Get it going and make it back to Earth… He could do everything he could to fix this crazy mess.
"Wade," he said as he came down the last few steps, catching both men's attention. "Do you know where the last two stones are?"
They were in a meadow, far far out of the city. Trees surrounded the little field of flowers, and they stood on a gravel path that, when Steve looked behind him, went back quite a ways to what looked like some kind of house. A large house, but a house. In the center of the meadow was a blanket and a basket, and god it was actually so touching and isolated and
“No,” Tony said again. “There are two things I want to do. I want an American cheeseburger, and the other-”
“Right,” Tony yawned, moving instead to the kitchen as Peter ran ahead of him, jumping up onto a bar stool. “Start the bath. Jay, is the coffee ready?”
Tony wasn't sure what was happening. His ears were ringing, his vision blurred, and pain flaring through his side. He felt light headed, and a strange pulling numbness over his body.
“Nothing,” Tony said again, and he glance around, but eventually looked back at Steve when he realized that he couldn’t get away. “Well, I mean… There is one thing. And I would have liked to talk privately, not on a jet back from a mission with the rest of the team probably eavesdropping behind us, but it’s important. Sure, dinner would have been nice, but you have to do what you can with what you got. And I know that. I built a mini arc reactor in a cave with a box of scraps, and-”
“It was,” Tony hummed, looking at the new one. “It is now an antique. This is what will be keeping me alive for the foreseeable future. I’m swapping it up for an upgraded unit, and I just ran into a little speed bump.”
“Language,” Steve called over the comms, and wait. Tony had to do a double take on that. “Jarvis, how's the view from upstairs?”
Eventually dinner ended, and he had to go home, but he got to hug and kiss Peter before he left. Kiss, as in, on the cheek, of course. He didn’t want to incur the wrath of two of the world's most powerful people, after all. Not right after they said he could date their son. That would just be stupid.
Turning, they both hurried back up the stairs, ignoring Wade as he laughed. Friday had already calling the team together, and they were quickly on their way back to the mountain, some like Carol flying there on their own. By the time they arrived, Thanos was already there.
It was then that Peter brought out the package Pepper had left them days ago. They opened it, together, to see the old reactor mounted on a little pedastal. Around it read ‘Proof That Tony Stark Has the Biggest Heart.’ Peter couldn’t help but grin and point at it. That was his idea. That was his daddy’s award. And Tony could only hug him, and accept it.
“Obadiah's upstairs,” she said as she put down a coffee cup and placed a package in his desk. “What would you like me to tell him?”
“No, you’re blind.” Wade sighed, looking up at the ceiling. “I would go jerk off, but this is a friendly fic. Want to play Connect Four?”
Ready to try calling Agent Smith, he just needed to get everything in order. He’d mostly told him no so he could buy himself some time, to try and get his goodbye’s in order. Wade would call him up in the morning, once he had everything ready. He just had to write Peter a letter, and figure out what would happen to his stuff if he didn’t come back.
The others were quick to follow, reaching and grabbing, throwing punch after punch. They fought desperately, the stakes high and the chances of success low. Each and every one of them knew what was at stake, and they knew that they couldn't risk losing. They had to win. Every chance they could, they would make a grab for the stones.
Stant, thankfully, followed. As they reached where ice had begun to build up the first time, suit now at 7% power, Stane reached out, grabbing hold of Tony’s bot and pulling him down by the throat to look at him.
Steve frowned, turning to look at the mercenary. Much to is his horror, Deadpool was sawing off his own arm, using a serrated knife. Steve’s face screwed up in disgust and when he pulled up to try and get the maniac to stop, a spurt of blood caught him in the face. He turned, feeling the bile rising in his throat before a pair of feet were pressing into his side, knocking him off balance as Deadpool back flipped off the side of the bridge. Steve took a deep breath, dropped the arm, and turned to Tony.
“No,” Tony said, handing it back. “You can have it. It… It was mine when I was little. Aunt Peggy made it for me. She knew Captain America.”
“A baby would do that,” MJ mused, making everyone stop to stare. “What? Babies need a lot of attention! Besides, I’m sure Captain America is great with kids.”
The two soldiers nodded, and laid Barned back on the couch. It was an awkward angle, but Tony could reach over the back of the couch and work on the nerve connectors. Jarvis had been running analysis for him since he'd scanned the thing, and (theoretically) there shouldn't be any pain if Tony took it off. There were a series of clicks, and a hiss as the mechanism started to release, before Barnes let out an ear splitting scream of agony.
When Wade finally made it to the event, the place was already crawling with reporters and Happy had to bring him inside. He found Peter quickly, taking notes on the differences between every day Peter and event Peter. Because they were different. Normally, Peter would be quiet, talk only when he felt like it, while Event Peter was casually talking with everyone, almost ever stopping. Event Peter also had his hair styled, which was shockingly different from the usual ruffled mess, and he was wearing sunglasses like his dad.
Steve had the single saddest face Tony had ever seen. It was like it someone kicked a puppy into a basket of starving kittens that was held by a tiny crying Peter. Tony hadn't seen a sad face like this since Peter was 6 and thought Tony was going away again. God, it made Tony feel terrible and he didn't even know why!
Just as he reached for the scepter, the room seemed to rumble, a loud, monstrous roar coming from behind him. Tony whipped around, eyes wide with horror as the Chitauri Leviathan came to life. He stumbled backwards, chest growing tight as fear gripped him. It flew over his head, away from him, and he turned to watch it leave in shock.
But then five minutes past, and then ten more, and soon it was nine-twenty, and Wade was full on panicking. Was Spidey not coming? Why? Why wasn’t Spiderman here? Wade needed his help!
“Nothing,” Tony said, breathing hard as he glanced at the timer. “I’m just going into cardiac arrest just about a minute before my son comes running in here, ‘cause you yanked it out like a trout-”
“I can’t tell you until he get there,” Peter snickered, excited and nervous. “It’s supposed to be a secret and my dad was still kinda hesitant to let you guys come over. Harry in particular.”
“Friday,” he said, looking up at the camera that had a blinking red light above the door. “Unlock the door.”
Peter choked on his sandwich, coughing as they showed helicopter footage of thousands of robots swarming around all of the Avengers, even part time ones, and four people Peter didn’t even recognize. He watched in shock as they were fighting, destroying bot after bot, before the footage suddenly cut out.
Somehow, Peter ended up between Harry and Edward, with Gwen just a bit away from them. They all seemed to have similar setups, with their bags at the foot, and their toiletry bags at the head. The only real difference was the quality of their things. Harry had all high end things, with a sleeping bag that seemed to have an air mattress built into it and a shiny new backpackers and toiletry bag with a lock on it but just screamed ‘I have money’. Edward and Gwen seemed to have similar quality things, with old but not tattered sleeping bags, backpacks that were fairly new but not brand new, with the only difference being that Gwen's toiletry bag being almost twice the size as the rest of theirs. Peter's things were probably the most noticeable difference, as he had borrowed the fluffy but somewhat torn sleeping bag from Sam, the backpack from Steve, and his dad having given him the ‘toiletry bag’ that was basically a lock box.
“I came to drop off my bag first,” Peter said, frowning as his fathers were still tense. “Is… Is everything okay?”
She sighs, and Wade reached out to gently stroke her cheek with the back of his tiny hand. Her face screwed up in confusion.
Grabbing his board, the one Wade had left him, Peter made his way back down stairs, to where his group of friends were waiting. It hadn’t changed much over the years, but they were a little different. Harry had eventually warmed up to Ned, and stopped being a jerk to him. Liz, busy with prep of the end of her senior year and eventual switch to collage, had stopping coming out with them so much. Gwen, on the other hand, had met a girl named Mary Jane who went to a another school in the district. She was pretty cool, part of her school’s theater program, and almost instantly hit it off with Harry.
Peter stopped at that, his mind jumping to Wade before he could stop it. His heart clenched, still broken, and a shudder ripped through his body as he held back the sudden tears that were welling up. God… He missed him… He went to Weasel’s every few months, just hoping that they had at least found a body, so they could give him a proper burial, but they never did. They probably weren’t even looking.
“The mission is for Peter,” he said, causing her to stop, pause and turn to him. “I spent years, with you by my side, reaping the benefits of destruction, instead of caring for him, about how he saw me. And now, when I don’t want to be the Merchant of Death, to be a villain in his eyes, and trying to protect the people I put in harm's way, be the hero that Peter deserves, you’re just going to walk out?”
Tony’s first thought was ‘nice eye patch’. His second was ‘must have really pissed off SHIELD’. His last one, however, was ‘Why do I think of Captain America when he says Avenger?’
But Steve smiled, pressing a button to send them both to the communal kitchen a few floors down. “We'll go on our date some other time. How about Friday?”
And Tony just hugged him, because Rhodey had to deal with so much of his fucking crap. They went back to the states after that. And, God, when the plane's ramp finally lowered, showing him everyone standing there, waiting for him… Pepper, with her red eyes and serious face, stood with the one person Tony needed right now, hands on Peter’s shoulders, as the body stood frozen in place.
Okay. Okay, maybe he was just late? That happened sometimes. Spidey would run into trouble on the way and have to web up a guy that was trying to hack an ATM, or run into a mugger and have to save a woman. Everyone was later now and then!
Ah, Peter thought as he and the three others joined the teacher at their designated area. Harry Osborn. Peter had met him a few times, when they were much younger. Norman Osborn, Harry's father, had asked Peter's father for some kind of help on several occasions, each time his dad saying no. His father always said no, and would make comments about how Norman Osborn was ‘a creep who cared more about money then his own family’. The meetings between them always ended with Aunt Pepper just barely keeping them from getting into fist fights. Harry, from the little time Peter had spent with him, wasn't a bad kid, but he never seemed to remember Peter.
As they waited, Steve and Sam had done some talking. It was mainly basic logistics of what it would mean for Sam to be officially on the team: room and board at Avengers Tower, a comm linked with the others on the team, Tony doing his gear maintenance, not really needing full time job. The last one was mostly if Falcon merchandise took off. While Steve had years and years of back pay from the army that eventually got transferred to him, most of Steve’s spending money came from the royalties on Captain America merchandise, since Howard had owned the rights and they got passed to Tony who gave them back to Steve. Tony would probably want a press conference to announce Falcon was on the team, anyway, so it wouldn’t be to long.
“Hey,” he said as casually as possible. “You busy? Think you could run an errand for me? I need you to go to my office. You’re going to hack into the mainframe and you’re going to retrieve all the recent shipping manifests.”
He sat with a sigh in the living room, where much of the team was waiting. Coulson’s team, surprisingly, was very good at what their job of keeping the city under control, and it left the Avengers and allies with little else to do. Mostly, they just sat around or trained. Carol Danvers was clearly not comfortable with just sitting around, and spent most of the time either beating up bags in the gym or doing random menial tasks.
“You’ll meet them later,” Peter supplies. “During the party. But I could probably show you around the tower, if you want. I can't take you to anywhere anything classified is, like any of the Labs, but I could show you the common level and the training room. If anybody is training, you could see them in action.”
He shifted his camera to his other hand, slowly so he didn’t disturbed the strange little arthropod, and held it up to take a picture. The angle was awkward, and it was difficult to see the screen, but he managed to press the button. With a click, the picture was taken, but the noise must have startled the spider, because it bit into the back of his hand. With a hiss, he shook his hand, sending it flying off somewhere.
“Can I kiss you right now?” Steve meant to play it off as a mere expression of fondness and gratitude, but he heard the note of pleading that somehow slipped out.
, and I love you. And I love that I’ll be able to see that you’re okay, even if you’re not nearby.” And really, knowing that the light actually meant Tony was okay would probably help his subconscious more than the mere familiar light would.
The mark had been visible again for over a week when Steve asked Tony for help finding his friend Barnes, who’d apparently been used by Hydra as a weapon for decades, tried to kill Steve, saved him, and then gone on the run.
Steve swallowed, wondering if Tony would recommend the same thing Bruce had. “I can’t talk to a stranger about this.”
Tony arrived at the scene to see Spider-Man careening through the air, wrapping the creepy five-story-tall doll in layer upon layer of webbing. He flew over and checked out the kid’s progress. (He’d generally been considering the masked hero a kid, since he had a similar build to Tony’s teenage son.)
“It’s a combination, actually--right now, it’s just their own programming guiding them back, a simple return procedure. During battle, JARVIS makes most of the decisions, while I’ll sometimes take over control for more complicated moves.” Tony looked pleased Bucky had thought to ask the question.
There are some “sure”s and at least one “hell yeah”, but Steve’s answer is an awkward, “No, I hate curry.”
Steve watched him with the others, and he wasn’t just back to normal. He was smiling more than he had in a long time. Maybe before Ultron, maybe more than he ever had since he’d met Steve.
By morning, Bucky has forgotten about his injury. He’s up before anyone else but Steve, who’s out on a run. Alone in the kitchen, he pours himself a bowl of oatmeal squares and milk, takes a spoonful, and--
“It’s a long story,” Steve replied, “But by far the most important treasure I’ve found is now here in my arms.”
Steve wanted to throw up. Rhodes had been right that he’d almost killed Tony. Even if he hadn’t been in love with Tony, maybe if he’d been a better friend, told him the truth about his parents as soon as he’d found out, it would have made a difference.
It wasn’t unusual to see Pops down in the workshop with Dad. The serious expressions on their faces when they looked at him, however, were a little concerning.
The pattern continued through his adulthood. Except it wasn’t really a pattern. It reappeared seemingly at random, sometimes a few months after the previous occurrence, sometimes up to ten years. It lasted between a few hours and, once, almost two weeks, though normally just a few days.
Tony stared at him intently, then sat down next to him. He looked down at the moat of pillows separating him from Steve. “Okay. You don’t want us to worry. I’m gonna worry regardless. You don’t want me to offer you useless junk that doesn’t help--like pillows, apparently--so I can try to stop doing that. But if there’s anything you can think of that might possibly help you, then helping you will make me feel better, too. Even if that’s ‘go away and leave me alone’, I’ll do whatever it is you want, okay?” He met Steve’s eyes, dark eyes full of promise, commitment, and maybe something more.
That wasn’t good. Tony tried to stand to comfort them, but the world started spinning even more, and his stomach jolted. Then he was being gently lowered to lie back down. A soft voice in his ear said, “Hey, no, you stay here, okay? Help’s on its way.”
“Alright. Your son will be fine. Some smoke inhalation, so he’ll need to be on oxygen for a bit longer, but overall his vitals look good. Minor burn on one hand and some scratches, those should heal within a few days. No hospitalization needed.”
The fact that the man he loved would be the one pulling the trigger probably wouldn’t matter to whoever was making the rulings.
“Okay, that’s good, I’m glad you’re not upset about it. And yeah--it’ll work at really long distances, and through most materials, but... if you’re ever away and it’s not lit, don’t assume the worst, okay? Certain kinds of interference could block it, or--hell, our lives are strange, I could end up on another planet or something, and it’s not going to work if I’m literal lightyears away, okay? So don’t freak out if it isn’t on, but it really should work most of the time.”
Of course, as he leaned down to do so, a Jeep careened by, immediately covering Tony from head to toe in more of the freezing, disgusting slush.
“Buck!” he shouted, jerking upright and gripping his rod tighter, the sudden movements jostling their small boat. “What do I do?”
“Absolutely,” Tony answers, “Tomorrow. Right now, I want to show you just how much I enjoyed the show...”
Steve is trying and failing to discern faces in the helmets of the approaching space suits--because of course they’re just showing mirrored reflections of the light coming off of the outpost--when he receives an incoming message.
“Sorry, I didn’t--” Steve starts to pull his hand away, but Tony tightens his grip, using it to pull Steve closer, using his other hand to clasp the front of Steve’s shirt (his dress shirt, because he hadn’t bothered changing, though he’d removed his jacket) and drag him until he was almost falling into the hospital bed.
“He’ll be okay once we’re warm again,” Bucky answers. The look on his face suggests nightmares will be a strong possibility the next few nights, however.
“Nothing serious, and I’m all the better since hearing your murder strut coming to my rescue,” Tony grinned.
There’s definitely something concerning in how the skin around Tony’s closed eyes wrinkle, in the tightness of his mouth.
As long as he was there anyway, Tony had the HAZMAT teams spray down the suit, so at least he wouldn’t have to do that back at the tower and smell it when he took it off.
Tony bent down, scratched the cat under the chin (which it seemed to appreciate, so at least it wasn’t feral) and then pressed something on the back of its small helmet.
The dragon stared at him for a moment, and while Steve hadn’t thought dragons could cry, he thought one of the large bronze eyes looked a little watery. “I... I think I would like that... friend.” He smiled again, an expression that could have been frightening but instead made Steve feel warm inside.
” Steve screamed, and started running for the water, not caring if the continued lightning might electrocute him, just needing to get out there, to save Tony.
“Yeah, well, Steve was a lot less bulky then,” Tony points out, then laughs at the disgruntled face Steve makes. “Okay, my bed it is. Tonight. I think I’m up for the morning at this point.” He punctuates this by standing, relieved that his head doesn’t protest the motion.
Rhodes debated for a moment, then sighed. “Tony’s planning to aim for the sky. He wants Rogers to kill him.”
After a moment of tense silence, Dad asked, “Well, aren’t you going to take a look at your gift?” While Peter still felt like he was on the verge of being grounded for all eternity, there was a hint of a genuine smile on Dad’s face.
“And you’ve gotten Tony’s permission to have these here?” Natasha is sure she knows the answer to that. Tony and Steve have been out of town on a romantic getaway for a few days, and she highly doubts Thor and Clint thought to discuss this with the man who is technically their landlord in advance.
On one side, Tony and Nat were half-hidden behind a large built-in grill, the latter having apparently done a much better job at avoiding incoming snowballs than his snow-covered husband. On the other, Clint sat about five feet up in a snow-covered swing set, while Peter handed him snowballs after only loosely packing them in small, mitten-covered hands. Clint’s aim was as impeccable as always--hitting Tony’s shoulder as he popped out to throw his own snowball that flew off its mark at the impact--but Peter just wasn’t able to make new ammo fast enough, and didn’t have the strength to throw a ball the distance between the two “forts.”
Steve understands Tony’s warning, since he knows it’s going to be hard keeping his emotions under control having Tony back, and he can’t imagine what being a prisoner of the Chitauri must have done to the stranger.
Tony’s grin gains confidence. “That’s right, I earned Steve-kisses, unlike you losers. Fair is fair,” he tells the others without taking his eyes off of Steve. “So,” he adds in a lower voice, “What do I have to do to earn more?”
“That’s because I’m staying in here to make you all hot chocolate to warm up when you come back in,” Steve explained as he started pulling out the necessary ingredients. “But you go have fun!”
Finally, the footsteps faded and there was silence. Tony thought it might be safe to get out of here.
Steve’s getting ready for bed--well, for laying in bed, hoping he falls asleep and doesn’t dream, but also tonight hoping the humiliating spell will have worn off by morning--when he hears a knock on the door.
A woman in robes appears beside him. She seems to step out of thin air--handy for bypassing the waxed floor problem, Steve supposes, even as he tries to bring his sobs under control and sit up. She slides down gracefully to sit beside him.
“You call us when you need us,” Dad said, voice now firm and eyes pinning Peter’s. “Any time a situation might possibly become too much for you. You don’t wait and see, you call us in right away. Your AI can interface with JARVIS and get us details.”
Stone was now clasping his bleeding hand, cursing and threatening Tony as his eyes blazed in fury. Thankfully, his crew seemed stunned, or still wary enough of the pirates, that no one else moved to raise a weapon.
Tony said nothing more for a minute, wondering what the alien would say if Tony didn’t explain his presence, but the Skrull just watched him in silence.
Steve sighs. “When I realized I was a lap ahead, I started trying to explore, but I couldn’t get far from the course. I got bored.”
The next decoration looked like tinsel or frost at first, but upon closer inspection turned out to be strands of Peter’s webbing, carefully draped to avoid it sticking to any of the more precious decorations.
, which wasn’t outside the realm of possibility given some of the things they’d seen. Tony assumed someone had brought it in, he just hadn’t bothered to ask who.)
Steve reaches into the cage, apparently oblivious to the fact that Tony is upbraiding JARVIS for not notifying him that his home has been “overrun with alien rats”, and offers a hand to the curious storelska. It sniffs him, then nudges its head into his fingers and chirps as he pets it.
Tony grins, reaches out, and pulls Steve in for a kiss, uncaring that his boyfriend is still dripping wet. “You are incredible, sweetheart,” he says, not pulling back from Steve’s lips. “Watching you control the lightning was amazing. You don’t need to hide it.”
Steve chuckles, then pulls him in for another kiss, a longer one that Tony enthusiastically returns.
Steve took what he was handed--a gauntlet? It looked like an unfinished piece of Iron Man armor, though smaller than normal. Steve let it close over his hand, and it fit.. well, like a glove. “What... what is this?” he asked, looking up at Tony.
A week later, there were mysterious power fluctuations in the Raft.  Doors locked and unlocked in inexplicable ways that trapped security guards, and the cameras, even those attached to backup generators, had all footage erased.  Exactly one prisoner escaped.
“You know, I think I’m gonna check out the shop, too,” Bucky says, shooting Steve a meaningful look, and follows the other man.
Now Tony stood in front of the enchanted mirror, intrigued. The figure in the mirror moved as he did, lifting first one arm, then the other, as he did, behaving as any normal mirror would.
When a small pink five-petaled flower shape appeared on his hip when he was seven, he was excited. But his father said it might be cancer, so Jarvis took him to the doctor to get it tested. The results came back negative three days later... one day after the coloration disappeared.
“Careful,” Bucky reminded him, setting his own rod aside and moving to assist Steve, talking him through the steps he’d demonstrated multiple times but that Steve had not yet had a chance to try out.
Tony’s right that it’s terrifying to show vulnerability. But he’s also right that sharing it with people... helps. The fact that it’s mutual sharing helps, too.
“Try it and you’ll get a repulsor to the face,” Tony threatens, clasping his favorite to his chest and getting a lick to the face in response. “Ugh, but if they have any storelska-strength mouthwash there, could you pick up a few gallons?”
She makes a face and looks about to protest, but after a pointed look from Tony she says, “Okay, Daddy.”
Tony didn’t much care for decorating for Christmas. He let Pepper arrange for the decoration of the huge fancy tree in the lobby, and figured that was enough.
"Well, the simplest reason is because you love me and you want me to be happy, but you don't know that yet, so sit down. Jesus. I find it insulting that people insist
But he shook his head, unable to fully comprehend what was happening just yet. "I don't understand. You were— They said— They all said— It was all over the—"
"The changeover seems to have done away with the sensors I'd embedded in me, so I can't call the suit to me that way. I have to pull one of the older ones out of mothballs—"
"More or less," Tony said, but there was a smile on his lips. "You seem to tell me 'no' a hell of a lot less."
He clicked the link and waited for the page to load, the most tortuous ten seconds of his life. But when it did, he wished he could go back in time and stop any of this stupid stuff from ever happening.
Hill just raised an eyebrow at him, and he motioned to Rhodey. "Actually thinks War Machine is cool."
He swallowed down the tears that were threatening to bubble to the surface, his hands running over a belly he suddenly, irrationally, hated.
"It's not going to hurt. I promise," she said and opened the door. There was a nurse in blue scrubs standing on the other side of the door, and she exchanged a quiet word with the doctor while they waited for Steve and Tony to gather their things.
There was another cloud of silence that hung over the crowd before, at once, everyone began talking and shouting at him, and above the din, he was able to make out one shouting to him, "
Tony stared at him a moment longer then said, "I'm not sure I want to name my child after you any longer."
"Are you kidding me?" Tony said, mug in one hand while the other was planted firmly on his hip. "What is it about 'free room and board in Midtown Manhattan' that is not 'welcome' enough for you? I put you up. I build you things. I invite you to all the nicest parties."
“No,” Tony said, and he saw the surprise in Steve’s eyes. He felt the tingle in the back of his throat as his heart twisted in pain, and he quickly reached for the handkerchief before he started coughing again. Steve moved to step closer, but Tony held up his hand to stop him. When it subsided, and Tony had hidden the flowers, he laid back in the chair and took a second to breath. “I’m actually… going to get some rest. See if I can’t get a handle on this cold.”
He didn't say anything, just kept running, past Mary Jane with the twins, the confused War Machine standing in the hallway. He burst up the steps, taking them two at a time, and breathing hard as he swerved to bolt down the hall with the master bedrooms.
Turning around, Peter looked around to see if he could spot him. The skate park was pretty open, with only the food stands and the tables being covered. If Wade was here, Peter would be able to spot him.
Yensin helped him, in so many ways. He translated, was his lab assistant, and helped him install the mini arc reactor. They ate together, came up with a plan to escape, and worked together to build the suit.
From the team, he got the usual. He didn't really need or want anything, so most of the time they just got him cards or promised to do something special with him. Wanda and Pietro still tried, though, and gave him a necklace charm that they had apparently come up with together. Vision had apparently helped.
“Deadpool?” a voice said above him as the elevator dinged, and Wade looked up to find Steve standing in his uniform. “What the hell are you doing here?”
It was then that he caught sight of a flash of red from the corner of his eyes. He turned and went wide eyed when he didn’t see Maximoff, but instead saw Peter. He was in a red hood, walking away from Steve and around a corner. Quickly, he turned and ran towards Peter, shocked to find him there. Wasn’t he in New York? Wasn’t he safe at home?
He’d been working his ass off in the six months since he talked to Tony, doing everything he could to track Francis down. He wasn’t making as good of progress as he wished he was, but he was still making progress. Maybe another year, maybe less, he could finally catch this guy. Tony had, of course, offered to help. And he did, but not with finding Francis. That was something that Wade had to do on his own. He was, you know, breaking the law, and the Avengers had been taking heat for a while from all kinds of media.
“Tony,” she started, then sighed. “You know that I would help you with anything, but I cannot help you if you’re going to start all of this again.”
Tony took a deep breath, then knelt on the floor beside him. “Peter, I know I haven’t been around much, but that’s going to change right now. Today, it’s gonna be you and me. Why don’t you go up to your room and find your three most favorite toys, and bring them down here to show me, okay?”
Peter could feel the tension in the room the moment he got home. His parents were having some kind of fight, which happened often enough, but this seemed… different. They normally hid it from him, not wanting him to be exposed to a broken home or think that they were a broken home. This time, they were actually arguing in front of him.
Mrs. Warren nodded. “Alright. Well, today will be a bit of a slow day, since not all of our equipment is ready, but there are a few activities for you to do. Mainly board games. I have to go get the equipment prepared so feel free to check in our free time box.”
Holding out a hand, summoned a gauntlet to him, walking around the scepter until he could swipe the dark artifact off of its pedestal. He had work to do… He had to do more…
“What should I do with this?” Pepper asked, holding up the old arc reactor as Peter ran in, three little toys in his arms. Though, he dropped them in favor of being picked up.
That caught Tony's attention. Strange had said there was only one timeline that they won. Now Wade was saying this was the only way? He set his jaw, stepping forward.
“Still want to,” Wade grumbled as he went to his room, dropping onto the bed. “Miss him so much. Didn’t even have him for a year before we were torn apart. Author will barely let anyone be happy for more then two seconds before she just… rips them apart.”
But he didn’t. He blinked, and held up the ring in his own hand, and watched Steve’s eyes slowly drop to the ring. He blinked, then looked up at Tony, eyes wide and bright and a grin splitting his face. Steve shot to his feet, sweeping Tony up in his arms to kiss him, only to spin him around and kiss him again as he laughed.
So Tony agreed, and shooed Clint away to get back to the Widow Stings. They were almost done, but he couldn't focus. He needed to go set up his new date.
Anger boiled in his gut. “Do you know how much he’s missed you? He’s been miserable for six months, barely even himself, and you don’t think he wants to-”
Crossing his arms, Bruce leaned back. "Lucky for you, Tony's already taken care of that. When I saw him earlier, he told me Friday recorded the energy output of the Stones. We can use that information to make a sort of Infinity Stone geiger counter. We can follow the output straight to the stones."
“Tony,” Obie started, catching his attention. “What were you thinking? We’re a weapons manufacturer.”
Suddenly, a familiar tingle went down his spine. He’d felt it so many times over the last two years. It was a tingle he always felt back when Wade would sneak up to surprise him before he vanished. And he felt it every now and then since Wade disappeared… It was silly, but every time he felt it, he always got the strangest feeling of hope that Wade was still alive.
Bruce was leaning over him, hands moving out of Tony's sight. Coulson was there, standing and speaking hurriedly into his ear piece. He wasn't sure what Coulson was saying, but it seemed important. Maybe he should get up and help.
Then, after a few minutes, he saw none other then Deadpool claw his way over the edge of the helicarrier. His night patrol partner huffed, flopping onto his back for a moment as Peter felt the pieces click into place, and he felt so stupid. There were to many similarities between the two, from their backgrounds and professions, to their favorite foods and colors. And the way his dad defended Deadpool… God, his dad had known! But if Deadpool was Wade then… God, that meant that the reason Wade left was to look for a cure for his cancer, which led to him being Deadpool.
There were tons of reasons Wade could do better then him in terms of compatibility. Maybe he’d find a more mature girl. No, a woman. Really, Wade was an adult now, and Wade wouldn’t be dating ‘girls’, he’d be dating women and men. Not boys like Peter…
Oliver was just barely 21, just starting a trip of his own when they’d past each other in Virginia. He was a skateboarder, just out on a tour to check out different skate parks, and had taught Steve how to skateboard. But what struck with Steve the most was that Oliver was gay, told Steve about his fiance back in New York. He’d been the one to convince Steve to stop pussy footing around and just ask Tony out. True, Steve had been planning to do it differently then he just had, but he had done it.
“I don't need your companies help,” Connors snapped, stepping closer. “You've ruined me. Ruined my reputation, talking so many about my one mistake! And now, you’ll pay!”
And suddenly Tony burst. “That would end the team! That would end the fight! Isn’t that the dream? That we can go home, to our family’s-” he gestured exaggeratedly back at the Barton farm. “-so that we can go home and not worrying about how long we get to be there before we have to go out and maybe get ourselves killed?”
Peter loved his Dad. He loved his Aunts, his Uncles. And he loved Bilgy. But as he turned 13, there was one person he wanted to love, but didn't know much about.
With the arm complete, and ready to be attached, Tony went straight for Barnes floor. He wanted to get the arm attached now, to see how well it worked. It was going to be so cool, just awesome to see the arm working.
“The 15-mile hike to the outskirts of Gulmira,” the reporter was saying, “can only be described as a descent into hell, into a modern day Heart of Darkness. Simple farmers and herders from peaceful villages have been driven from their homes, displaced from their lands by warlords emboldened with a new found power.
They had a party for Wade, who was laughing and smiling, and Peter took tons of pictures. It was held at the Tower, and Weasel, Wade’s sorta-kinda father figure, and Bob, Wade’s… roomate? Either way, the team was there, and the people who cared about Wade were there. That’s what was important.
“Osborn Jr,” his dad said, eyes narrowed. He then turned and grinned brightly at the other three. “And Peter's other friends! I've met two of you before. Sorta. For, like, two minutes. And Miss Toomes. I've met your mother. How is she? Not doing to bad in the cubicles right?” In usual fashion, his dad didn't give anyone a chance to respond, turned to the fridge as he snapped his fingers. “Friday, do the… the thing. Call everybody up. We're gonna get this party going. Turn on the music, blow the poppers. Start taking some pictures.”
“Hey Steve,” he said cheerily. “Just thought I'd call and tell you that I got the fourth free. Peter's gonna do some stuff with the team that day and I figured I could treat you to lunch. How's that sound?”
“Now, about my father. I don’t know if he knew, or if he had doubts. Or maybe he was the very man we all remember from the newsreels. But I saw young Americans killed, by the very weapons I created to defend them, and to protect them. And I saw that I had become part of a system that is comfortable with zero accountability.”
“I want to go home,” Wade said, leaving no room for discussion as he headed for the door. “You can drive me.”
He fell to his knees, chest heaving as he felt a wave of hopelessness wash over him. Where they already gone? Had they gone looking for Peter when he didn’t come home? Was he to late?
and felt something sticky cover his scratching hand. When he looked down, he… well, he didn't know what he'd been expecting, but a mass of white goop that seemed to be coming out of his wrist and struck to his palm hadn't been it.
“I always have to tell Bucky and Sam when Peter’s in the room,” Steve explained, casting a glance over his shoulder at said teammates. “Especially when they’re playing Mario Kart.”
“Be in a coma before Friday? Yeah, I know. That why I’m doing this now before I really do go under. Say goodbye, tell you what I need to.”
Tony grumbled, working as fast as he could to make it work. He barely even noticed Steve entering from the corner of his eye. He didn’t want to see Steve right now. He didn’t want to deal with him, not now. Not here, in this moment.
“Don’t worry,” Wade said, voice strained as he dangled from the bar he was holding on to. “I am totally on top of this!” And then he saw something behind Peter, the eyes of the suit going comically wide. “Oh, fuck!” And then, with a hard pull, sent the container flying, Peter screaming inside.
Peter Stark. Tony, unable to deny him, had agreed, and had set it up for Peter to go to Midtown High School as Peter Parker the next year.
They went in a comfortable silence the rest of the way. Tony, of course, had some kind of music playing, something about Hell's bells? Steve didn't mind.
Just then, the jet he was under turned, belly towards the other jet. And dear god was he fucked! The jet rolled, and he lost his grip. He flew back, hitting a wing. The pilot flew out, caught for a second in the explosion, and fell. No chute was deployed, and Tony turned, acting fast, to go help him out. The second jet followed, and Tony just had just enough time to get the man’s chute open before Jarvis reengaged evasive maneuvers.
After telling Rhodey and Natasha that the wedding was back on, Tony asked Wade if we’d like to come. They’d kept in contact after all the help Wade gave, what with the Hydra stuff, and Tony occasionally went down to Weasel’s bar to fix a thing or two, just to check in on the kid. Sure, Wade was eighteen now, but he was still a kid in Tony’s book.
Quickly, Peter maneuvered out of the way, swinging himself and Pepper up to the window. He pushed Pepper deeper into the room, and twisted around to shoot a web down at Connors. The web shot down, latching onto the back of Connors coat, and Peter tried his best to pull him up. And then, for the first time, his webs began to fray, and snap, and Peter tried to shoot more, only for nothing to come out. He fell back, blinked, then rushed to look over the edge.
“I wanted to ask you something before we head back,” Steve said, shifting for foot to foot. “Back at the mall, when we kissed… Did you…?”
QUESTION TIME: What did you guys think of the way I portrayed Tony's change, and the closeness of Tony and Peter? Was it to sudden, or were they always going to be that close and Afghanistan just pushed it forward? Tell me what you think in the comments section bellow, and I'll be sure to get a discussion going so I know what to fix up for chapter two!
Tony ignored her, looking at the different photos. It was definitely the Ten Rings, carrying cases with his company's logo. And then, he saw it. The Jericho missile. It was right there, clean and brand fucking new.
With a sigh, Wade finally went down the stairs that would take him back to the bar, ready for the howls of laughter that would come when everyone saw him. He took it in stride, ignoring most of it, and was quick to be on his way. No need to keep hearing the laughter if he didn’t have to.
"Rest first," Steve insisted, much to Tony's carnage. "Shower, have some food, and spend some time with the kids. We'll have a team meeting tomorrow."
“You are to me,” Tony said, grinning as he walked towards the entrance. “Come on, Obie. Pete, can you grab me my other burger?”
For a moment, Tony just stares at him. Steve couldn't be serious. He couldn't seriously be thinking about giving up his hero work. Tony knew that being Captain America meant everything to Steve, or that it had, and to give it up for him…
“Do you mind?” Obadiah said more then asked, pushing a reporter out of the way as Tony came up, Peter clinging to him, now on high alert.
Once everything was ready, he went to bed. In the morning, he gave Weasel his instructions, and went to meet with Smith. And fuck, that was definitely in his top ten list of Worst Decisions Ever.
Tony's hand move to clutch the makeshift pouch around his neck. His chest hurt, and he was having trouble breathing as everything came flooding back, not for the first time. The way Peter tried so desperately to hold onto him, how he kept apologizing, even as he was suddenly gone from Tony's arms.
had questions or something to say. But for now, Wade pulled Peter in, pressing a rough kiss to chapped lips. He put everything into it, all the love and want and need he'd felt for Peter that he'd felt in the months away from him.
“It’s my job. Recruitment. And you have quite a reputation. I’m sorry you’ve had a tough go. But you’re a fighter. A mercenary by fifteen, you already have forty-eight confirmed kills just over the course of three years.”
Peter couldn’t help but smile. Good. His dad wouldn’t be distracted during his mission. So he gave the principal the number for Happy, and Mrs. Warren came with his things to escort him to the door. Gwen, Harry, and Ned were all there to wave him off, wishing him good luck with getting better. He waved back, getting a little dizzy as he stepped toward the car. Uncle Happy came out of the car to help guide him into the back seat along with his bag.
“I didn’t mean for this to happen,” Wade said quickly. “I didn’t- That night, the last time I saw you, your dad was gonna give me some gear as a graduation gift, but I passed out. When I woke up in the hospital… They told me…”
At the end of the night, Peter took a selfie with Wade, grinning as they stood side by side on the balcony, the evening New York skyline behind them.
When he went home, he felt to good to really go on a job, even if it was the weekend. He stayed with Weasel and Bob in the bar, mixing crappy drinks and trying to get some sitting mercs to fight. But everyone could see his never ending grin.
He pulled out the ring from his pocket, kneeling down in front of Tony to hold it out. Tony wanted to stop him, to not do this right now. Ultron, if he was going to kill anyone today, it was going to be Tony. And if Tony died he didn’t want this to be the last conversation he has with Steve.
Steve didn't sound angry, though, and Tony pursed his lips as he moved to the dining table to open it up. “No, it shouldn't have. A prosthetic is never meant to hurt. Even if it's connected to the brain like his and-” Tony stopped, squinting at the inner workings of the arm. “There aren't any dampeners.”
The next day, Tony regretted telling Peter he could wake him up. He regretted it so fucking much. But, what he regretted most was the five year old sized bruise forming on his ribs.
When he came out, Peter was waiting, looking up at him with big brown eyes he definitely got from Tony.
“It's alright if you don't know,” Mrs. Warren reassured. “Just do your best. What we're going to do is spell out first names, as best we can, using elements from the periodic table. If you need help I can help you. Why don't I go first?” She cleared her throat, and started to list. “Magnesium, Oxygen, Nickel, Iodine, Carbon, Argon. Monica. If you have a nickname you prefer, you can use that. So who wants to go first?”
“Mother fucker!” Deadpool wailed, moving his wrist so the hand flopped back and forth. Steve straightened, Tony taking a step forward. “Cockshot!” And then, Deadpool turned and slammed his non broken fist into the crotch of the armor. It actually made a ringing noise, echoing around them as Deadpool wailed.
"That was very brave of you kids," Steve said, looking between the two of them. "And I'm sorry we couldn't get to you first. We're working hard to get the situation under control, but it's slow going. Tony and Peter are still off planet, as far as we know, and we're having problems with getting into the mansion."
“I nearly died during birth, and I probably would have. But, thankfully, I didn't. I've just been released from the hospital, last week, and I'm sure Thanatos is waiting for me. So, I leave Peter to you. Hopefully, you keep him.
He doesn't say anything, just sits in the mound of fabric, and holds the twins, his twins, as he finally has just a little bit of what he's missed all these months he's been gone.
"It's a long story," Wade said, voice thick with a swarm of emotions he couldn't name. "I'll explain later."
Before he could ask what the agent ment, there was a sharp tug on his body. He let out a strangled cry, wanting to tell them to stop. White spots danced across his vision, before it all went black. The next thing he knew, he was on his back, feeling dizzy and disoriented.
As soon as Tony saw his son, saw the moment his son grew teary eyed and stiff, he forced himself to stand. He walked down the ramp, Rhodey trying to help him, then broke into a jog, and finally a run. As soon as he was close enough, Tony dropped to his knees on the cement, reaching out and pulling Peter into his arms.
“It’s not really Harry,” Peter said as he came to a stop in front of the private, back door of the Tower. “It’s more of his dad.”
Her name had been Mary. Mary Fitzgerald Parker. She had been in born Queens, lived at an orphanage there almost her entire life, until she turned 18, and got a scholarship for a university in California. She had studied computer science, along with mythology. She was a lot like Jane, personality wise, and had been very dedicated to her work for a small research firm.
“It's still my tower,” Tony grumbled, watching Clint's dog carefully. “Since when does Barton have a pet dog?”
Peter chewed his lip, and nodded as he swiped the holograms out of existence. He could look at it later, but his Dad couldn’t wait. “Thanks, Friday.”
Tony vaguely remembered drying Peter off and dressing him in pajamas, but after that, it was a haze of sleepy mutterings and a weight on his chest. Then, his back hitting bed and the weight cuddling up with him. A door seemed to squeak open, and Tony thought he saw someone there, big and looming and dangerous, but they were gone, and the bed was warm.
He didn’t have long to wait before he understood. A call was coming through the comms, Barton’s voice sharp and urgent.
“Because I’m constantly stalking the little shit,” Wade grumbled. “He comes here every thursday with his friends after his Academic Decathlon meeting…”
“Steve,” he said, dark spots dancing at the edge of his vision. “There’s one last thing. I’ve been… I’ve been looking. For Peter’s mother. It took me a while, since there are so many cliffs like the one in that video out in that canyon, but I think I found her. Please. When you reverse the snap… ask Friday to tell you where, and pull her out. Peter… If he can’t be there for my funeral, then maybe being there for her’s will make up for it.”
He felt like he was going to be sick, and reached into his backpack to pull out his phone. There was a message from his dad about going on a mission, and being back in time to meet him in the Tower when he got back. Peter sent him a text saying that it was fine, and to not worry about meeting him at the Tower. But if his father was out on mission, that means he couldn’t call to get permission to leave early.
“What’s the world come to when a guy’s gotta crash his own party?” Tony asked making sure that he kept a hand at the top of Peter’s head at all times.
be. Things that had yet to pass, and Wade could only stare. If she was telling the truth, and this was to be his future, the future of his friends and family, then everyone, even those taken in the snap, would be alive in the end.
So he fought hard. And he fought bloody. His fists landed each hit he could, the knuckles of his gloves tearing and leaving the skin underneath raw and bloody. He didn't hesitate, and fought with a rage that refused to die until Thanos was dead.
“Oh,” Tony gasped, trying his best to not sound startled. Peter looked up at the woman with droopy eyes, half chewing the cheese piece that was partially in his mouth.
Steve swallowed, his stomach churning as he stood. Had it been a vision? Something that would come to pass if he failed? Failed… what? Failed to protect Tony? No, if he failed and went under again. If he couldn’t protect Tony and Peter and everyone else that he loved, and had to make the sacrifice play again. Would it really happen again?
“Peter,” MJ called as she rolled up with Gwen, interrupting his thoughts. “Some guy just stopped us by the fence, asking about you.”
“Extra plating in the nethers,” Tony explained. “And stop being such a baby. You’ll heal. We’re going back to the Tower, and you can tell us exactly why you want that guy dead. Once we know, we can do this the less illegal way and take the guy in.”
Peter instantly nodded, but as he glanced at the other three, they all looked somewhat uncertain. Even Harry looked a little confused.
“I love you so much, Tony. I love you, and I love Peter, and I want to be your husband and Peter’s father. I can’t imagine my life without either of you anymore, so please-” Steve dropped to one knee, holding the ring up between his fingers for Tony to see. “Marry me.”
“Is it important, Friday?” Tony asked instead. “Like, needs my immediate attention? Or can they wait until later?”
His stomach tight with dread, Peter rushed to the roof, dropping his pack on it and pulling out the suit. It was embarrassing, stripping down to his briefs on the roof before pulling on the suit, but it had to be done. Once he was changed, he left the pack on the roof and crawled down the side to pear through the window.
Steve swallowed. He felt sick, like he was going to throw up. Had he gone through time again? Had he missed another seventy years? Where was Tony? Where was Peter?
“If by ‘that’, you mean a strange substance being ejected from your wrist, then yes, Baby Boss. I did get ‘that’.”
“That’s New York,” the boy said, laughing a little, but Steve felt his stomach drop. “You’ll get lost if you don’t know your way around.”
“Really?” His interest now peeked, Tony moved to open it, only catching a glimpse at the title before he heard the door to the lab open.
Rhodey laughs, but Tony ignores them all to walk around and say goodbye to the guest that had come to party with them. He waited until they were mostly gone before finally heading to look for Steve. This was it. This was going to the moment. The moment he finally popped the question.
“Aunty Peggy,” Peter said, as if he were getting scolded, though Tony was more surprised then anything. “She came to the house while you were… While you were gone and watched me for a while. She gave this to me when she left… Am I not supposed to have it.”
Stepping past Dummy and Butterfingers, Steve dropped down into the pile to pull the two children into his arms. They make little noises, Johnny squirming and Susan grabbing at his shoulder like she did when Steve picked her up. Steve laughed, squeezing them tighter to his chest, and just glad that they're okay. That his children are okay.
But Peter eventually pulled back, looking a little breathless and with a blush that made Wade give a shit eating grin.
Tony took a deep breath to retort, the sharp words on the tip of his tongue, only to be silenced as Wade started to rouse from his sleep. The kid groaned and started to sit up, only for the doctor to ease him back down.
Their guide nodded, and when Mrs. Warren agreed, his dad led them to the elevator, one that was big enough for even the Hulk and Thor combined, to take them up to the Avengers training decks.
Putting Peter in the car, he buckled him into the car seat and drove. He drove a little fast, glancing into the mirror every now and then to check on Peter. The kid fell asleep rather quickly, and didn’t make even the slightest of peeps the entire ride. And for that, Tony was thankful.
“What?” the mercenary gasps, turning to Tony in a gasp that can only be defined as betrayal. “No, seriously? None of these guys were good, and this guy-” Deadpool gesture wildly to the pinned man behind him. “-is the one i’ve been looking for! Trust me, that wheezing bag of dick tips had it coming!”
"Yup," he said, popping the P. "It's the same place I got the first one. Just, you know, hidden 'between the folds of reality', whatever that means."
Instead, Steve turned and let his eyes land on Tony. He wanted to know, to see, that the other man was okay. Because if Tony lived, if Tony made it out of this, then Steve would be okay with whatever happened to him. If Tony was okay, able to return home and be the wonderful father he was, and that Steve could probably never be, then he knew everything would be okay.
Slowly, Bucky nodded, though he didn’t lose his glare. Steve really couldn’t blame him. Everything had to be strange for him right now. And while Steve was going to help, he couldn’t let that control his life. He had learned a lot on his road trip.
Steve followed the movement with his eyes. Tony knew from the way that his breath caught, that Steve knew exactly what was in the bag.
“Oh,” Tony said, a grin slowly creeping onto his face. “I am. But I’m looking for a specific one. My favorite, you know.”
An hour later found him extremely confused. He could bench press weights that only Thor, Steve, and Bucky had. Well, in terms of their size to lift ratios. He could also stick to walls. And the ceiling. And swing around the room using the goop. It was actually a lot like spider webbing. Actually, it was spider webbing, according to his analysis.
“I’m sure Mr. Stark would prefer that I call him first,” Principal Morita said, reaching for the phone. “Your father was very adamant about that when I met with him over the summer. I’m certain that he would drop whatever it is he’s doing to come and take you home.”
The bullying started up again. Flash had been scared by Bucky, all those months ago, and then continued to be scared by Wade, but it was a new year, and Peter was coming to school alone. There was no big bad boyfriend to ‘protect’ him anymore, and Flash was more then eager to start the bullying again.
Steve, who was walking a heavily sedated Bucky in with the help of Sam, frowned. Welp, that wasn't a happy Steve. But the look was quickly gone, and they walked Bucky into the elevator. Tony went with to help, punching in the code to Barnes floor.
Tony had been working on the Ultron project with Bruce for three days. Three days of nothing but lab time with his science bro, and trying to ignore the fact that he wished it was his science son instead. He missed Peter, sent him a few text that Peter didn’t reply to, and wondering if Peter was okay. He was probably just having so much fun with his new friends that he forgot to answer.
“Is that so?” She asked, voice soft and filled with hurt. “Well, then I quit. Peter can come live with me, and you can keep your missions.”
When he came down, many people cheered and tried to grab at him, but he just did a backflip onto a light post- Thank you Aunt Nat for those gymnastic lessons -gave a little salute, and was gone. He was tired, smelled like crap, and really hungry. If he hurried, he could probably catch the tail end of the report on the news though.
“-but he has not eaten a full meal since Young Master Peter's departure this morning and has not slept since before his return to the Tower.”
“We’ll get on it, Steve,” Natasha reassures, then turns to the others. “Get everyone called down, and send then send them here. Bruce, you head inside and check start organizing the floors for large groups.”
He had meant to ask when they got back from their fun day, but the other Avengers had spent the day getting everything ready, and he'd been swept up in it.
When they finally parted, Tony was breathing hard, licking at his lips as he tried to clear his head. Steve was smiling, eyes half lidded as he let out a breath, as if he'd been holding it in the entire time. Tony didn't see how, since he felt like the air had been sucked out of his lungs.
He moved to backpedaled, only to feel something bang on the back of his head. Grabbing the back of his head, Steve blinked as he looked up to find Bucky standing before him.
“I said I would talk to him,” his dad said, aggressively tapping at the tablet. “I just- I need to figure out why he was after that specific guy!”
“Still don’t trust me, Cap?” Tony said, eyes flying back and forth as his fingers fly. “Cuz I can’t stop it.”
At first, Barnes tenesed, and Tony realized that maybe he should have waited for Steve. Maybe Barnes wasn't as safe as they thought… but then Barnes did as he was told, and Tony excitedly moved forward. Time to test this puppy out!
“Okay!” Pops said as he clapped his hands. “Friday, where are the others? It's Peter's fifteenth birthday! We need the whole team around. Is Coulson on site yet? He's supposed to be here by now.”
“We're going to get some real food in you right now,” Steve said, tone holding no room for nonsense. “And then you're going straight to bed. We've had a hell of a week, and you need sleep.”
But Steve just shrugged and said, "Seen it already, plus, I think I'm allowed to look at whatever I want on my fiancé."
Steve slid out of him after a few moments and ran light hands up and down Tony's sides, and then Tony saw daylight — or nighttime light, anyway — as the blindfold was taken off him. He squinted and blinked at the lights, just barely noticing that Steve had already taken the collar off and was now untying the bond that held his wrists together. Steve fell back onto the bed and pulled Tony with him, and Tony watched in a slight daze as Steve took his wrists and inspected them before he pulled them up to his mouth and kissed them, and he kissed Tony's cheek and cuddled him and said, "You were so good. You were so amazingly good."
It wasn't his life. It wasn't his universe, no matter what that other Cap had said to him, and no matter what Rhodey and Bruce said. Certain things just weren't matching up (No arc reactor? How was that even—?), and there was no sense in hoping for something that would never come to pass. He would always have the memories of his two days as a father, and he would always,
Steve turned to him and frowned, evidently sensing something negative in Tony's words that he hadn't meant to allow through. Tony glanced away from him lest he spy something in his eyes that completely gave him away. Being so in-tune with Steve that they could speak entire conversations with just a look was as much a curse sometimes as it was a blessing.
He followed his own advice and lay there, his eyes closed, and after several minutes of quiet, he realized Tony was lightly snoring. He smirked and snorted out a silent laugh and murmured, "Yeah, sure you aren't," before he pressed a light kiss against the back of Tony's head and snuggled down into the comfort of a warm bed and his favorite warm body beside him.
"We may not even know it's coming — or we may not see it coming. Or maybe it wasn't as bad as it seemed? I don't know. I just know we can't risk changing anything. I don't— I don't want to change anything. I want it to happen how it's supposed to happen. I want my little baby girl that doesn't know when to shut her mouth and has way too much energy for such a small body, and I— I want that life. We're happy, Steve. She thinks we're happy. You can't— Trust me, you can't get much past this kid. If we were miserable, she would know. But we're happy, Steve. We're in love. We have a family, and I just…I want it, Steve. I want it. I don't want to risk losing it for anything."
Steve nodded, and Olivia braced both her feet against the edge of the tabletop and began to push against it, inadvertently shoving herself back against Steve, the force just a little...more...than he was sure other four-month-olds could muster. He watched her as she pushed her feet against the tabletop, and he kissed the top of her head then scooped her up and stood up. He settled her into his arms then went over to Tony, and as Tony grumbled to himself as he tried to fit the last cookie onto the sheet, Steve reached out an arm and snagged it around Tony, pulling him against him and holding his entire world in his arms.
gross, and anyone that thinks it's gross is just jealous. I mean, yeah I'm not a fucking seahorse, but—"
Steve grinned as he nestled the baby closer. "That 'baby' smell or whatever they call it. It's nice."
Steve laughed a little. "Honey, you're not. You're…" He hesitated and scratched at his forehead. "Actually, you're kind of on the
But it was peaceful, staring at the city from this high up. Not that it helped him with his quandary any. There was still a mysterious little four-year-old sleeping on his couch that called him 'Papa' and, evidently, the Cap 'Daddy.' If he couldn't figure out a way to get her back to where she belonged before the Cap came back, oh, yeah, that would go over like gangbusters. He didn't know what the Cap would balk at more: being a father—
"In this context, I think he means the baby," Wilson replied. "But I can see how the wording might leave you confused."
Esmeralda scrunched her nose at Steve. "So feisty. So protective." She poked Steve in his nose. "But then, you always are with your bonded, aren't you?"
"This some sort of prank?" he muttered and scrolled up the page again. That was when he saw it — a headline featured on the left-hand side:
"The Goddess Esmeralda is a…unique creature," Thor said as he settled himself onto the couch in the penthouse's living area. "I think perhaps the term you may use for her is 'naïve.' She sees the universe in a very simple way, and she has really but one purpose and quest in her existence. I offer my sincerest apologies, for you were caught in the middle of what she presumed was her business with me."
"Wait," he said and capped the bottle of water, Steve counting out his hundredth pushup beneath him, "you think this is some sort of foreplay for us?"
Steve picked up a shaker of green sugar and began to sprinkle it over the cookies, taking care to sprinkle it evenly and uniformly.
Rhodey just stared at her then turned back to Tony, who put his hands up in defense and said, "It was a scrambled egg. How can you fuck up a scrambled egg?"
Tony closed the flaps again and set the photo aside, and he looked right at the dark eyes of the contact he only knew as 'Other Tony' and said, "How did you even get these?"
He sank down onto a chair and tipped his head back. "Yeah," he said with a slight groan then shushed his friend. "Don't need her waking up again."
Steve just made a face and nodded at the cake. "Come on," he said and broke off his own small portion. "Let's do this so they leave us alone."
Tony puckered his lips and pressed a kiss to the pad of Steve's finger, catching a flash out of the corner of his eye just as he did so. He turned in the direction it had come from, Steve's hand still on his face, but the photographer had already turned and was moving over to another table at that point.
Steve just pulled the carton away and wiped his mouth off with the back of his hand. "Why does it bother you so much?"
"What do you think?" he called back, and Barton turned in another direction and said, "Don't worry about it, Thor. Stark said to leave it here."
"You can't argue with facts, babe. Hawkeye is not nearly as cool as Iron Man. Never was; never will be."
He gritted his teeth at him in a fierce smile, and, not wanting to cause any problems, said, "Excuse me. I'm trying to get back to my friends."
"Look, I get that you want to be protective and you want to protect us and you want to make sure Hydra doesn't get their tentacles on us, but you can't lock us up and throw away the key."
Steve glanced down at him then motioned to the line ahead of him. "I can't make the line go any faster."
He learned about labor, about the stages and signs of labor, and about the physiological changes the body underwent. He learned about postpartum and newborn care and breastfeeding. He learned about relaxation techniques and nutrition and something called a 'birth plan,' whatever that was.
"Lot's changed since Hydra got their hands on you," Barton said. "The Pill. Free love. Trickle- down economics. The McRib. Your little virginal pal turned into a sex god."
Which had actually been enough to impress Johann all those years ago. He shivered. There was a memory path best left undisturbed. OK, maybe more had happened with him than he'd been willing to admit even to himself. Look, he…hadn't been in a good place at that time.
Whereas Stark would barely have been able to hide his disdain, Tony glowed while explaining things to Steve, and though Tony talked sort of in the way that Stark did, it was without the actual haughtiness. He could tell Tony knew he was often the smartest man in any room, but whereas Stark's ego was offensive, Tony's was defensive, and Steve knew something had happened long ago in Tony's life to make him so defensive of who he was and what he could contribute to the world. It made him that much more protective of the madman that rambled on about events and concepts that Steve could barely follow, and even when Tony was tooting his own horn, there was a sad note of self-deprecation to his words that told him for all his bluster, Tony was much more fragile than he let on.
"I knew that!" Olivia said and pouted a little, seemingly annoyed that Tony had gone to someone else for this information. Or maybe more that he had gone to the vastly inferior 'Jarbus' for it.
He watched as Steve swallowed and stared down at the blankets that covered his lap, and he made a weird tic with his mouth and shrugged like he was embarrassed or abashed over something as he picked at a loose string.
He pulled the bottle out of the fridge and closed the door with his elbow. "Baby girl," he said and went over to the bowl of gravel, "you tell anyone about this, and I'll disown you."
JARVIS was still playing some Christmas music, low and unobtrusive, and something warm and comforting flowed through his entire body as his ears caught the soothing croon of Nat King Cole singing his version of 'The Christmas Song.' There was something familiar and homey about the whole enterprise — the decorations and the music and the time of night and the knowledge that his baby girl was upstairs safely sleeping in her crib — and for the absolute first time in his life — not just his time in the future but his entire life — he felt at peace with himself and with the world. He couldn't solve every problem or fight every battle. He couldn't do anything more than his best and hope that he was the good man Erskine had taken him for all those years ago. But he was safe and secure and happy—
But Tony just turned to her and winked as he said, "Trust me," then turned back to the leech. "Wanna dance? I want to."
He got up and winced a little as he put weight on his sore feet, and Steve looked up and said, just a hint of panic in his voice, "You're not sticking around?"
," Steve said again, and Tony sighed and said, "Yeah, right," and replayed his previous train of thought to try and find out where he'd fallen off the rails.
Steve let go of his hands, and Tony began the arduous process of getting changed into the stupid paper gown. He stripped down, folding his clothes into a neat pile to set on the chair, while Steve busied himself reading the various informational posters on the walls, hands shoved into his pockets and a look of almost wonder spread over his face.
Tony faltered, but Bruce came closer and said, "Hey, Olivia, why don't you let your Aunt Pepper go, huh? You're going to get her nice chinos all wrinkled."
Steve side-eyed him and gave him another smirk but again didn't say anything, and Tony speared a cucumber slice to add to his fork with the tomato and said, "OK, seriously, how mad are you at me? Really? 'cause this whole quiet, nice thing is kind of setting my teeth on edge, and I'm waiting for the ball to drop."
He wasn't sure that it was Tony's best move to keep using such off-color language around the baby, but he didn't really feel comfortable chastising him for it.
Steve sighed, and, fork stuck in the container of lo mein, he dropped his head some and said, "I'm not going to win this one, am I?"
But he just shrugged again and said, "What do you want me to say, Steve? I'm not going to win this one. I know I'm not going to win this one. I'm stuck in this fucking building until everything goes back to normal — and I don't know how we're going to explain everything that's happened once it does, but that's a problem for Future Tony, I guess."
Steve made a squeamish face as he rubbed his hands up and down Tony's arms. "You know, given how this whole thing started, I really wish you wouldn't say that."
"Look, I don't know what to tell you about the photographs. My grandfather was a big fan of Captain America — enough to get his hands on his personal photographs, I guess. Is it weird? Yeah, I guess. Never really thought about it much."
So he reached up and put a gentle hand over the back of Steve's head and brushed light fingertips over the short, soft hairs there and said, "We can put them out on display, if you'd like. Or we can keep them locked up tight somewhere that no one can get them. Totally up to you."
"Five minutes, J. Tell her we'll be down in five minutes," he said and got up on his knees, smacking at Steve to take position behind him. Steve made to follow, but he let out a breath of air and glanced up and said, "Is it important, JARVIS?"
"No. Please. Don't. Stop," Tony said when Steve had pulled his hand away, deadpan and droll. "Seriously, what the fuck? How hard is it to open a bottle? I'm not getting any younger, Steve."
"God forbid," Steve muttered and went back to the book. "You know, back in my day, a fella and a da—"
," Steve said and shot a pointed look at him. It lost some of its punch with a cloth over his shoulder, a baby in one arm, and a bottle in hand, but it was still enough to get Tony to roll his eyes and mutter a 'whatever,' before he turned back to the table.
Tony made a face. "Steve? You mean Cap? Why?" He leaned forward like he was aiming to conspire. "Is there something you want to tell me about your feelings for our 'leader'?"
Definitely. That was definitely something he wanted to see this Tony do. He definitely wanted to see those plump red lips stretched around his cock, those dark doe eyes looking up at him, those nimble fingers pressing into his thighs or kneading his sack—
She frowned. "Oh, I forgot how primitive your kind is." She hummed and tapped a finger to her mouth and said, "Though, in
Tony looked down at himself and considered this. "Yeah, you're probably right. Don't think they'd look good on this figure, either. No, I take that back. I could totally make them work, and I would look fucking fantastic. But no, I figure, look, I'm stuck like this for the next, what, five months? Maybe I should, I don't know,
Steve's fault that he was dead, and it really was the height of distaste for him to just shrug and say 'too bad' for his oldest and closest friend before he went and played house with Tony — with a
"I'm still not sure I believe it," the ever-helpful Darcy offered. Oh, right. He forgot that wherever Jane went, Darcy seemed to follow. He'd probably only ever met her twice before this. As far as he could remember, that was twice enough.
He shook his head some and got into the car, tossing his bag onto the passenger seat and closing the door before he started up the car and maneuvered it out of the spot.
Tony whined some more and rolled his eyes, but Natasha looked over at the rest of the gang collected on the couches and chairs, and Tony startled a little at the strange sort of silent agreement that seemed to come over them. He turned to Steve to see if he had noticed, but Steve was eyeing the group with squinted gaze and pursed lips and tensed jaw, like he knew they were up to something and he didn't trust it.
"I don't know why you people are encouraging this," Tony said but stood up. "You make fun of us when we do stuff like this."
He sat down in the vacant chair next to Tony, and he handed Tony the clear one, and Tony kissed in his direction in thanks.
"And anyone that does believe it — what does that say about this world we live in? Where a man can be turned into a woman with a snap of the fingers?"
So, Steve had rounded up the gang and begged them to stay at the mansion that holiday, and they'd spent all of Christmas Eve decorating and baking and cooking and singing raunchy and off- key versions of seasonal tunes, and it was sometime in that evening when the tree was finally up and they were tipsy from eggnog, and Thor was regaling them with some Scandinavian tale of the Yule Goat, and he could still hear Bucky's indignant and slurred voice saying, "
"What are you?" he finally asked, looking at Tony. "Are you still a dude but trapped in a chick's body? Are you a chick now? Are you both? Like, what do I call you? I don't want to insult you or anything. I just want to know what to call you so Cap doesn't kick my ass for besmirching your virtue or something."
"I could go for some grub," he admitted, and Tony slapped his hands to his knees and pushed himself to his feet.
go and see Pepper before!" he said and surprised himself by not feeling at all jealous or envious heartbroken at that fact. Just curious. Maybe he just had other things on his mind?
"Steve, what are you—" he tried to ask and then screamed out a laugh as Steve reached down and scooped him up into his arms. "Steve!" he cried and smacked at him. "Goddamn it, put me down! I'm the size of a whale! You'll break your back!"
"Good girl," Steve said and pressed a kiss against his shoulder. Steve left him for a moment before he felt the bed dip with his weight, and then Steve was pressed up against his back and nudging his legs apart. "How wet are you?" he murmured into his ear before he stuck a finger inside of Tony. Tony let out a silent gasp at the touch, and Steve hummed in encouragement and said, "Mmm…
"Pretend all you want. It's the truth, and someday you're going to admit it to yourself, and someday you're going to admit that you made one big-ass mistake saddling yourself to the likes of me."
"Oh, good you're familiar with his work," Other Tony muttered at what was presumably Tony's very bad job of hiding his shock and horror.
He had to choke out a laugh at that through his tears. God, Howard would probably blame him for turning Steve gay or something. No way in hell was Captain fucking America some kind of
Tony opened and closed his mouth a few times as he stared at her then said, "Whatever," and got up. "I'm tired. I'm going to bed. You people are disgusting. And rude. For keeping me away from my
He shrugged again. "Look, maybe I'll change my mind in six months. I don't know. But right now…yeah. I don't need— I'm comfortable, well, relatively, I mean," he said and put a hand to milk-swollen breasts. "But it's not— I don't feel like I'm in a foreign body or the
Without a word, Tony grabbed the belt and pulled it over himself, clicking it on and adjusting the way it rested over his belly. "You
that he saw before him with the tender and adorable sweetheart of his dream. Not to mention the fact that he was absolutely convinced this Tony Stark should not be entrusted with the care of a potted plant let alone a child while
"Three-and-three-quarters. 'm g'nna be four in August." And she held up four proud fingers to show that she knew how to count at least that high.
"I'm sorry, you saw the picture of that wall, right? The one with all the arrows stuck in it? He's lucky I don't toss him off the roof and see if bird-brain can actually fly."
He looked Tony up and down, brow knitted in confusion, and Tony said a husky, "Why, Captain. How forward of you."
"You want me to help you play dress-up?" she asked as he took the napkin but didn't do anything with it.
"No," Barnes countered with a curt shake of his head. "What I said was if you really wanted to put up with Steve's high-and-mighty act, then be my guest and make the purchase."
"You know, I can't figure if you two are making blonde jokes or old man jokes about them," Pepper said then reached out for the baby in Rhodey's arms. "All right, my turn."
"Uh," Bruce said, sounding as nervous as he looked, "you know, there's probably a lab you could go to—"
"Eh," he said with a shrug, which made the Iron Man shrug as well, "there's a kind of a thrill you get from firing a repulsor at some asshole Hydra agent in person, but, whatever. Not the end of the world if I don't. Steve, I can still be Iron Man and still be back here safe so you're not worried about me getting hurt in the field.
"Locked it with my phone," Tony explained like it was obvious then groaned as he hit a button on the phone in his hand and said, "Oh, come on!"
"'M not being clingy," he said as he continued to brace a hand against Olivia to hold her back against his chest while he leaned forward and pressed another tree shape into the dough.
"I'm glad to hear that," Steve said very seriously. And he was. He knew how much Tony loved being Iron Man and loved the freedom and the power and the reverence that came with it. Honestly, he couldn't blame him for it. But he felt equal parts relief and a swell of pride at the fact that Tony would willingly and gladly choose their child over the status that Iron Man provided.
Steve just shrugged again as a cheery voice called out, "Knock, knock!" and they both turned to see the woman they could only presume was the doctor enter the room. "Hi," she said, all bright smiles as she extended her hand to shake, "I'm Doctor Ganford. You must be
Steve pulled away from Tony's embrace, and, frowning, he cupped his face in his hands, turning his head from side-to-side as he looked for injuries.
His lines were sharper now, the last traces of baby fat all but gone, and he seemed fitter now, like he actually worked out or took care of himself or ate more than just greasy junk food. Tony had always had nice and expensive clothing, but the dark suit and the navy dress shirt he wore underneath it looked like they were tailored precisely to his lithe-yet-sturdy frame. His hair was much more neatly combed — or better yet, actually styled — than it had been in years past. The van dyke was even more enticing in person than it had been in the photographs.
"Boo-bear, what are you talking about?" he asked and yawned, and he made a face as that fucking nausea came over him again. "Oh, come
"Really?" Steve asked, and Tony glanced up and smiled at the smirk he saw staring down at him. "Thought I'd come see what you were getting yourself into."
"Damned right you did," Tony muttered as he poured himself a cup of coffee. "You want some of this?"
Tony shrugged and moved over to the couch to sit down. "Not everyone should be a parent," he said and motioned for Steve to sit down beside him. He followed, flute glass still in his hand. "But I guess not everyone knows that ahead of time. I'm sure he did, but I don't think he really gave a shit."
"Whoever took out the grid knew what they were doing," Natasha explained. "The entire east coast is dark."
This is a story about a man that gets turned into a woman and gets pregnant by another man that was frozen in ice for 70 years. And yet, this chapter is what causes me anguish because it's just too outlandish for me. No way would the city clerk's office allow this to happen.
Tony just thinned his lips but didn't say anything, and Bruce pulled his attention away from the game and said, "Where's Steve?"
He got up and stretched, and he swallowed down the nausea that overcame him, but the damned thing won again, and he ran into the bathroom, threw up what little was in his stomach, and then went downstairs to the kitchen to get something to settle him. Probably more crackers and toast. That was about the bulk of what he was keeping down nowadays.
If Steve had known about that before he'd come up to the penthouse yesterday, then suddenly Steve's concerns made a
"Sam Wilson," he replied and motioned for Steve to follow him over to the table they were being led to now their conversation with Wilson was over. "The Falcon," he added and sat down at the table and shrugged off his overcoat. Steve followed suit and took the chair opposite him then tried to thread Olivia's legs into the little child chair that had been set up between them. Tony eventually had to help him when Olivia didn't cooperate as well as she could have.
"Uh, good question," Tony said and went back over to the cabinets. "Last I checked, this was my penthouse, not the communal floor."
milk. I know exactly where it's been. Six months from now, breast milk is probably going to be the next free-trade organic-crap fad."
But she just smiled at them and blinked slowly, dark lashes swooping down and casting shadows over her cheeks.
In the cloudy gloom of the wet afternoon, Tony slipped his oversized sunglasses onto his face, and he led the procession into the building, ignoring the quite obvious looks of confusion and intrigue being directed at the group by others coming and going from the building. Two of them were quite clearly Avengers, and Avengers that were dressed and primped and definitely on their way to someplace official, and before they were able to strut their way to a less crowded part of the building, Tony was certain he caught a few cell phones being pointed at them. Hopefully they wouldn't recognize him as Captain America's gorgeous mystery brunette with the sunglasses on, but even if they did, well, it wasn't like he and Steve had arrived together.
He sighed again. "Thank you, JARVIS," he murmured then turned to Olivia, who was looking up at the ceiling in confusion. "Sorry, kiddo," he said. "No-can-do on playing with Dummy at the moment."
"It wasn't locked, it was the middle of the day, and wasn't that around the time of that whole thing with the Mandarin?"
“Roger that, Cap,” Tony said and followed him off. “Tony,” he said with a sigh, “don’t use my title when—”
Steve shook his head. "Nope. It didn't throw up on 'Captain America.'" Then he shrugged a little and smiled a little sheepishly. "I mean, maybe it threw up on 'Steve Rogers'…"
"Tony, you don't have to—" Bruce said with a sigh, but Natasha cut him off with a good-natured, "How old-school of you."
Tony nodded at Olivia. "What you saw. What happened to me. It's true. It has to be. I don't see how it couldn't be."
Bruce had already snuck out, and Tony carefully disentangled himself from the slumbering little sprog and tucked a pillow under her head as he got up, and he found a blanket somewhere and draped it over her, telling JARVIS quietly to keep the movie playing at a low tone because it was probably helping her to sleep.
Tony, in the middle of sipping his drink, nearly spit it back into the glass, and Pepper said to Steve, "It always amazes me when men act confused like they
"Is that what happened?" Steve asked like he had finally gotten the answer to a question he'd long had, and Tony startled back a bit.
He swallowed and, ache subsiding for the moment as he stood perfectly still, said, "Anybody not authorized to be in this penthouse somehow gets in, you fry them, J. You hear me? You fry my daughter, and I'll reassign your new primary user as Barton, and you'll spend the rest of your life looking up the dumbest fucking stuff that you'll
He glanced down at his hands. They looked a little older, a hell of a lot more worn, but nowhere close to fifty. "How old am I supposed to be?"
And then Esmeralda had happened — Esmeralda with her somewhat sweet and somewhat condescending attitude — and Tony was somehow inexplicably pregnant, and Steve...was maybe not as supportive as he could have been. He'd thought nothing of wanting to get rid of it — not out of spite or anything completely awful but because Bruce had laid out the facts for him that Tony's body was not suited to something that would tax it so. He'd done a whole host of damage to himself over the years, and a pregnancy put a strain on the healthiest of bodies. Bruce couldn't guarantee that Tony wouldn't...suffer ill consequences of Esmeralda's little amusement.
Steve set the bags down and dug something out of his pocket, and Tony watched as he swiped something through a reader. "Huh. Normally, you'd have that guy's ass in a sling."
Steve felt as though all the air had been sucked out of the car. Tony flexed his hands around the steering wheel, and Steve began to wonder if maybe, just maybe, this wasn't a Hydra plot after all.
— into his arms and shush him and promise he'd make it all better, but Tony wrenched away from him, and Steve saw that the wetness on his face wasn't just from the rainwater.
"Ever thought you'd be saying anything like that?" Tony mused to him. Bruce just gave a half- hearted smile and continued his thought.
"Have you seen me?" he asked and motioned over himself. "Clearly, no matter what, I am very easy on the eyes."
As Natasha swiped away at her phone like she was texting someone — probably that asshole Barton — he whipped out his phone and sent a text to Steve:
"Do you?" Tony asked with a laugh, and Cap turned surprised eyes on him. "Follow orders, I mean. I've heard stories about you, Cap, and I've seen things with my own eyes. You pay lip service to following orders, but you march to the beat of your own drummer.
Tony just nodded, still staring at Steve a little funny, before he went through the motions of buttoning up, and Steve turned and made to go into the kitchen again when Tony called out a hesitant and pregnant, “
"Whatever," Barton said. "Bad guys are a pain in the ass, but I guess if there weren't any, we'd be out of a job. God, we'd have to work like
"Hey! Hey, Cap. Babe. Sweetheart. I'm sorry. I didn't mean it," he soothed. He honestly didn't blame Steve for this. OK, maybe a little part of him did, but only because Steve had been the one to, well,
He went quiet again, and Tony waited for him to pick up the thought, but Steve just concentrated on the road until, evidently, the music had gotten to be too much for him, and he glared at the radio display and said, "What the hell is this?"
"I'm sorry," Tony said and disconnected the power, the lights coming back up again. He went over and reached up on his toes and kissed Steve's nose before he kissed his lips, and Steve put his hands to Tony's hips and rubbed his thumbs over the cloth-covered flesh. Tony saw a funny look come into his eyes, something kind of abashed and wistful, and he tilted his head to the side and said, "What?"
"Shoulda got that done before you logged in, Stevie! Slacking off on the company's time!" Bucky called out to him as Steve made his way to the employee break-slash-lunchroom. He nodded 'hello' at some docents working the late shift, smiled at a few tourists, made his way past the atrium and down the solemn, windowless corridor toward the employee area.
Steve just shook his head a little, and Hill smiled and said, "Congratulations," before she left, and after the elevator door was closed and the car was on the descent, Steve turned to him and said, "She's right, you know."
Natasha just continued to rub soothing strokes down his back. "Steve's a very progressive-minded guy for the era he was born in. But there's a part of him that's still a bit—"
Tony winced a little bit at the slightly disapproving tone his AI had taken with him, and he let his gaze shift over to the space where a little ball of fire had come into his life a week earlier.
"She did," Bruce said, his gaze focused back on the TV. "She stopped by before, but you were taking your usual afternoon nap."
She pulled him back over to the table she had been sitting at for dinner, and Tony dropped down into an empty chair with a tired and relieved 'oomph.' He glanced around and saw the rest of the table had vacated, and he frowned and said, "Where's the rest of them?" as he jerked a thumb at the empty table.
He felt Steve brush his mouth against his forehead, and Steve murmured to him, "So, uh, are you up for anything, or, uh…"
him?" Maybe she had — or would have had had she still been alive — a point? He loved Steve. He loved Steve so much.
Tony glanced at the baby for only a moment before he looked back up at her and said, "You seem to forget that there
Tony watched as Pepper shut her eyes at the 'Aunt Pepper' title, like the mere thought of it was stabbing her in the heart, and the brat let go of her and moved, of course, not over to
"Secretly? It'll tickle the shit out of him. Don't expect him to admit it out loud, though. He's too… Doesn't like waste. Grew up poor as fuck. Secretly, he loves this sort of shit, but he can't justify the expense."
"Yeah," Barton said, appearing from somewhere with a couple of overnight bags. "That's not happening." He handed one off to Wilson, who took it and nodded at Thor to follow them over to the elevator.
"I do not entirely know. I only know she ran afoul of someone she should not have." He directed his attention to Tony and added, "I'm sorry, my friend. I fear this is what you shall be 'til the end of your days."
"You get cranky when Daddy goes 'way," she said, hands on her hips. "Imna hafta tell Daddy not t' go 'way anymore 'cuz you get cranky when he does."
Tony thought about what he could even possibly begin to do to get him back when suddenly, it hit him.
don't want to or you're just saying that because you think you shouldn't because it might make things weird between us?"
"The Chancellor is his beloved and his lawful wedded. And so goes the Chancellor, so goes the King."
Steve shot him a pointed look tinged with a smile and said, "All right, I probably would have had a little trouble believing something like
"Yeah, I know, but she sounded even more frazzled than usual. Is something up? I thought I saw something about Hammeroid getting released early for 'good behavior' or some bullshit like that. He's not trying to cause problems for her, is he? And what the hell are they even doing releasing him? Don't we have standards in this country anymore? Could we deport him? Where could we deport him to?"
, he was juiced up with steroids, which shrinks your junk, so, maybe it's like a little three-inch nub," he mused and wiggled his index finger as a demonstration.
"So," Barton said as he came down the open loading hatch because evidently in the time Steve and Tony had been in the inferno, the others had finished whatever it was they were doing. "Another fruitless search?"
But Steve just put a finger to his own lips to shush Tony, and Tony sat and watched as Steve tapped out the rhythm to the song as he gunned it up the highway, signs for the Henry Hudson Parkway in the distance.
Tony just glared at him, jaw set, and he shoved away from the table and went over to another workstation.
with her. And I say 'tried it' because it wasn't long after I'd joined the circuit, and I had a lot of things on my mind. Mostly that I shouldn't have been there. That I should have been fighting on the front lines. She was, ah—" He coughed and cleared his throat. "We were sitting — kinda like how we are right now — one night, and, um, she was trying. She was really trying. But I…"
"If the circumstances call for it, sure," Tony replied, easily and breezily — a little too easily and breezily. Evidently, this sort of thing had crossed his mind before.
Steve — sitting on their bed and making like he hadn't been reported dead two days earlier. Oh, he definitely looked like he'd seen battle — he was sporting cuts and bruises that hadn't been there when he'd left — but he wasn't... He wasn't
"Yeah? I remember one time suffering through a two-hour rant over Ebbets Field and the apartment block that now occupies that spot." He folded his arms on the table top and leaned his weight onto them. "Not to mention the whole Dodgers leaving for California—"
Tony groaned and rolled his eyes. Evidently, she wasn't the smartest kid in the world because clearly one that had a few brain cells to rub together would know not to say something like that in front of the person they were trying to keep it from.
. Putting on something like this and getting you to get that look on your face like you've blown a fuse is
"Look," he said when they were presumably out of Olivia's earshot, "I don't expect you or Bruce to understand this, and I don't know how to explain it myself, but I just
"Yeah, but Tony," Bruce said, nosing his way into the conversation for some stupid reason, "you don't want to put
"I'll be here," Tony said and turned to watch her make her way over to the elevator just as Bruce stepped off. Not even noticing Tony, he went straight for Natasha and asked a concerned, "How is he?"
"Yeah, this is one of those times where your old-fashionedness is more 'annoying' than 'endearing.'"
"Yeah, well, I'd really rather not chance Steve's ghost coming to stare at me in disappointment because I didn't do a good enough job of getting you to take better care of yourself. So, please? Do it for me? So Steve's ghost goes and bothers someone else?"
There was a slight hitch to his voice, and Tony took that opportunity to lean against the table some, holding his arms so that his breasts pressed closer together and gave even more of an impression of cleavage.
“Yeah, OK, but if I let you go by yourself, I won’t see you for hours. I’ll either get too wrapped up with
Natasha went to retrieve it for him, but Barnes got there before she could, and he grabbed the mostly-full half gallon container and twisted off the top then proceeded to guzzle it, tipping his head back as he chugged it down, somehow still able to glare at Wilson as he did so.
" Wilson said and fist-bumped Barton, who returned the fist-bump without taking his attention away from Tony.
"I don't know," he said, not talking about himself but what he had seen and what Steve — his Steve in the future — had come from.
"But I was certain..." Thor murmured and slowly lowered himself back down to his seat, and Barton looked back at Steve and said, "Hey, a head's up about this might have been nice."
"You got it, Boss," she said and left, nodding 'hello' to Thor as she left the kitchen and he entered.
A nice thought that never panned out. The sole heir to Stark Industries and the young orphan that was working to pay off his mother's debts might have looked like a good match on paper — young and attractive with similar interests and an identical drive to bring out the best in each other — but real life never went that smoothly. Tony's world was one that Steve would never be welcome in, and while Tony was more than welcome in Steve's, he could never truly leave his world behind. While Howard was still alive and still running the company, sure. Tony could fuck off to do what he wanted — build, create, enjoy life with the first real friends he'd ever actually made.
The cab arrived at their destination sooner than he thought it would, and Steve swiped his card to pay for the ride then got out, taking Tony by the hand and pulling him with him just as a group of twenty-somethings with too much money and too little responsibility jumped into the vacated car. Tony adjusted his sunglasses and, blonde hair falling over his shoulders, led the way into the office building that housed the doctor's offices. Steve slunk right alongside of him, hands in his pockets and goofy look on his face. Seeing this, he couldn't help but roll his eyes and wonder why
to me first. Look, I… Maybe Obie did say something to me. Maybe he did talk about you and that you were only with me for the money, and maybe I did — just for one second — wonder if he was right. Because why else would you be with me? What else could you possibly see in me? And then you started to act funny, and I didn't know what was going on, and I got scared. I admit it. I got scared. And then you… And then you left, and I didn't know why. I went to your friends. Did they tell you that? I went to them and made an asshole out of myself crying onto them and begging them to tell me what I did wrong. Because they would know. Of course they would know. They were your friends. But they didn't know, and I just…"
, like you wouldn't believe! The cheap shit from the grocery store might hold me over until tomorrow."
He reached up and cupped his hands under Tony's breasts and gave them a squeeze, and Tony actually felt a little bit of bile creep up in his throat at that. Jesus fuck, they weren't
…that I should be able to create life like this. Not the whole me being a guy-turned-into-a-woman thing. That I should be able to bring a life into the world. I don't know. I keep trying to wrap my head around it, but it doesn't make sense in my mind."
" JARVIS replied, and Tony rolled his eyes as Pepper stepped in front of him and said, "Tony, we need to talk."
He frowned and nestled his head some more against the pillow. Strange to think that, in some other time and place, Cap could denigrate his old pal Howard like that. He kind of wished he could meet that Cap and shake his hand...and maybe give him a kiss and a quick goose. Come on! The guy was gorgeous! How could he not? Plus...he had to say, he was starting to like this other Cap. Like
"No," Tony said with a defiant shake of his head. "No, I— Look, I told you. You don't have to believe me, but I know— I know in my heart that Steve is still alive and that he's coming home."
days for you and you just didn't realize it," he said and grabbed hold of a machine to help move it aside. Tony followed.
He shrugged. "I don't know." He motioned to Steve's large. "I'm sure that's fine— Wait, where in the fuck did you even get this stuff?"
to have too many problems. He'd been able to go out and lead them against an invading alien army, what, two weeks after coming out of the ice. Yeah, he'd done a little bike trip to try and 'find' himself or whatever, bit that didn't last long before he was back fighting the good fight with SHIELD thanks to some sly recruitment from Fury and Romanoff.
She gave him a gentle shove down onto the plush cushion, and he sat and snuffled some more, wiping tears away and feeling fucking stupid for losing control over himself like that.
to sleep beside you, all right? I don't know what the others told you, but they're full of shit and they exaggerate, all right? I did not
Natasha just reached out and ran a gentle hand over his head, stroking it down his hair to his shoulders. "It'll be OK,
His finger no longer sufficing to soothe or distract, Olivia let out a pitiful screech of a wail, and Tony squeezed his eyes shut as tears began to slide down his cheeks as well. He took a deep, shuddering breath and tried to let it out in a calm, even sort of manner, but a strangled noise came out of his throat instead, and that was it. That was the breech in the dam.
"You know," Tony said and scrunched his face in thought, "I'm pretty sure I have final say in that being that I'm the one actually
God almighty, there was a part of him that wished his mother was there with him at that moment, that at the very least wished his mother had lived. Take his father, spare his mother. Let his mother be there for him. Let her comfort him. Let her tell him how well he was doing. Let her stroke his hair and soothe him with her soft voice. No matter how crazy this was, no matter how little she would have believed it (no matter how disappointed she would have been that his father's lifelong obsession had been the one to do this to him because in her heart of hearts, she would always believe that her Tony deserved better) let her be there. Let her be there to support him and comfort him and assure him that everything was going well, that everything was fine, that soon he would get to meet his baby boy.
It was when the clerk had said that they could kiss that Tony felt something funny in his abdomen. Something that felt like a flutter. He pulled away from Steve and looked down at himself, and Steve sensed immediately that there was something amiss and said, "What's wrong?"
It was in the way she clambered on top of him without question when they were on the couch, her head on his chest as she asked with the innocence that could only come from youth and the security that came from knowing she was loved and cherished, "Papa, did your daddy go 'way a lot?"
Tony scooted closer to Steve, and he let go of his hand so he could reach up and wrap his arms around Steve's shoulders, and he pressed close and said, "The part of him that remembers you — that remembers Brooklyn and before the war and all that — wants you to be happy. And he thinks, or he's afraid, you can't see the forest for the trees. That you would gladly throw away happiness with both hands because you don't think you deserve it."
Natasha tried to look disapproving, but she couldn't hide the smile in her eyes. "Don't hold your breath."
Steve could only nod, his gaze falling upon the gorgeous sight of the one that got away. The dark suit accentuated his lithe build, the van dyke lent itself to a certain sophistication, and there was something about the way he stood now, the way he carried himself that screamed power and prestige.
"I'm going to come three times tonight: once in your mouth, once in your pussy, as I think you like to call it, and once in your ass, in that order. You are allowed to come exactly once and only when I tell you that you may. If I feel like you're getting too close before I've decided you're allowed to, I'll back off. Do you understand?"
"Just please, tell me," the woman said. "Is the child Captain Rogers's? Are you pregnant with the child of Captain America, Miss Carbonell?"
Rhodey exchanged a look with Tony, and Tony shot daggers at him and shook his head slightly so that Olivia wouldn't see. He looked like he was trying not to laugh before he turned his attention back to Olivia and said, "I'll be right back. I promise."
Tony grit his teeth and didn't even hide the fact that he was rolling his eyes, and the other three all glanced to the loser standing behind Tony rather than to Tony himself.
a different person. I'm the same 'me' deep down, but physically, yeah, I went from having a dick to a clit, and that's a hell of a change. But Steve and I, we…" He grinned, unable to help himself. "We make it work."
that man, had somehow had a daughter with that man. They had a country house upstate, a home-away- from-home from their lives as
But Barnes just ran a frustrated hand through his hair and said, "Steve thinks I can just— I don't really know who I am now. I remember— Yeah, I remember Brooklyn. I remember the war. But I…I remember other stuff, too."
He thought about it and said, "Honestly, never occurred to me. I was kind of hoping to get through this without anyone knowing. But now that you mention it— I don't know that it's such a good idea."
"Not in the field, Cap," Barton said as he hit the button for the elevator. "Don't have to listen to a damned order you give when you're not in your official capacity."
Thor's face folded into a frown, but he didn't remove his hand from Steve's shoulder. "You are a great deal more than that. You are a trusted and wise leader, but you are also a good friend and a cherished husband and father. Your Anthony and your Olivia Louise are lucky to have such a man as you."
So, he got in the scalding hot shower, asking JARVIS to put the temperature as high as it could possibly go without burning him, and stood under the spray and soaped himself up, almost as though trying to wash the events of the past forty-eight hours off his body — trying to wash this thing from his body. He rubbed the cloth over his chest and shoulders and neck and back and then his abdomen, his hand coming to a dead stop over his lower abdomen where he knew… He flexed his fingers, the water cascading down his body and the soap suds swirling around the drain, and he wished… He wished more than anything he could reach in and rip the offending organ out. Like
Rhodey just shook his head at him, more out of disappointment than anything else, and Barton cleared his throat to draw the attention back to him and said, "Yeah,
Tony wasn't usually one for skipping the Foundation's annual gala. It really did feel like the height of bad taste, plus, it was for a good cause, and he usually got to say a few words about the money that was raised and the programs it would support. The thing was, this was the first year that the gala would come around (early this year, for some reason) while Tony was a
, of all people, had been the one to find it). Tony turned to her, smirking, and said, "Forgot myself there for a second."
But Olivia had succeeded in pulling him away from his chair and over to the charging station where DUM-E suddenly perked up, whirring and beeping in anticipation of much-desired attention. Tony watched them in slight bemusement before he remembered that Rhodey still stood to his side, gazing at him in confusion and concern.
"You're…cooking?" Bruce asked and shared a look with Rhodey. Rhodey shrugged, and Olivia sat in her own little world as she continued to eat her waffle.
, necessarily, but he knew Pepper had been less-than-enthused with Tony's fraternity with what SI's brand-new head of security had termed the 'super friends.' Not that she didn't want Tony to have friends, and not that she disliked the 'super friends' exactly, but Bruce knew that Pepper knew that she was losing Tony to a world that she had no desire to join. Pepper was a businesswoman. She was about logic and practicality. She liked schedules and timetables. She liked knowing that when she got home at the end of the day, her lover was going to be there and not trapped on the other side of an alien wormhole. Pepper loved Tony Stark, but Bruce had the feeling Iron Man was someone she'd gladly dump in a landfill and never look back.
Steve shook his head a bit but wouldn't meet Tony's eyes. "Me and Howard. No. Absolutely not. It never even occurred to me." He looked up to meet Tony's eyes, and he watched as Tony searched all over his face before he seemed to find what he was looking for.
" Pepper asked, grinning like a loon, but Tony saw evidence that she was getting emotional over things as well, her eyes looking a little red and watery through the connection.
Tony downed his cup as he shrugged his agreement then pulled the cup away and said, "Miss? Oh, miss?" He held the cup up and made a motion with it. "Refill."
Bruce and Rhodey both exchanged looks before Rhodey turned to him and said, "Stretching with that one, Tones."
And Mr. Barnes would probably string him up the next time he saw him. He couldn't say he blamed him.
Olivia just stared up at him and gurgled a bit, and Barnes stroked her cheek again and said, "She's got your eyes."
He finished cutting the snowmen and picked up a Santa cutter, and Tony, as he watched Steve, said, "Honestly, I never thought of 'Captain America' in that way at all."
But sometimes, it was nice to be just a regular meat-and-potatoes kind-of-guy, which Steve was overwhelmingly.
She just nodded again and turned to make her way to the door. "Go to sleep. I'm going to have JARVIS monitor you to make sure that you do. Don't make me have to come back here." She turned back to him and smiled knowingly. "You won't like it if I do."
"Yeah huh," he said and followed the curve of the road until it straightened out for the ride beneath the river, scant few taillights ahead of him and a smattering of headlights coming toward him in the dim amber light of the tunnel. "Gave him a choice, J. He chose to stay on the side of the road with
But he didn't feel guilty. He felt at peace. Goddamn him, he was at peace, and he didn't want to go back — not then, not ever.
with this. Part of the spell. I couldn't get rid of this if I wanted to — not without killing myself. It's some weird, messed-up thing that I really don't want to think too much about. And it's not like we sought her out, OK? We didn't just say, 'Hey, Thor. We want to have our own kid. Know anyone that could perform some witchy voodoo on us?' She sought us out. It's her thing. She's dead now, so, there's no one left to turn me back."
over saving the world. He knew no matter what horrible or debilitating thing he was going through he could never bring himself to do that, but there would always be a part of him that had wished he had — just once.
"Yeah, sure, why don't you just invite the whole team?" Wilson muttered and sat back hard against the chair.
His eyes shot open, and it took only a moment before he was able to look straight into soft, crystalline blue irises he'd just finally come to accept he'd never see again.
He opened his eyes at that and swallowed, and he blinked a few times and focused on the sleeping man next to him — the man that was still alive, still breathing, and would grouse and grumble at him if he were to wake him up at that very moment. He lay there and, with the dim amount of light available, watched his love sleep, committing the sight to memory so that he might be able to recall it many years from now when Tony was long gone and he was still as young and fit as he was at that very moment.
“Then maybe you shouldn’t have gone and died for me,” Tony bites out, channeling his anger and frustration about the man’s actions rather than give into the guilt and grief.
At that moment there was a yelp, and Spider-Man went from swinging around the doll to falling quite rapidly.
Hearing the words Tony bit out in unconcealed anger, Steve thought that maybe it hadn’t been one of his brightest ideas.
Steve couldn’t help but smile. He didn’t see any blood, and it looked like Tony was mostly okay. “You’re not dying, Tony. And I’m not an angel, just a barista. Are you okay?”
Steve frowned. “That flower thing from fairy tales?” He’d heard stories around school when he was a kid that someone or another was coughing up flowers because of true love, but as someone who spent half their summer coughing up blood, it was easy to dismiss as fairy tale nonsense.
“Legend says you’ve dated both men and women.” (“True.”) (“Plus some somewhere in between,” Tony adds, a little surprised but relieved to find Steve doesn’t seem at all bothered by his answer.)
“Apart from discovering the love isn’t unrequited after all, surgery is the only way to survive Hanahaki. The growth is removed from the lungs. There’s a side effect, though, so a lot of people refuse the procedure. The patient loses all feelings for the person they loved. Not their memories, exactly, just the emotions associated with them.”
Tony yawned as he stepped into the elevator, feeling more exhausted by putting out SI metaphorical fires all week than he did when pulling all-nighters and putting out literal fires in the workshop (which also included trying to prevent DUM-E from spraying the fire-suppression foam over every surface even after the fire was out).
He could have tried to lie about the condition of the radio, Tony mused, to get a better price for it. Intrigued by the first part of what he’d said as well, Tony asked, “So if you had the right equipment you could fix it?”
Fury insists on assigning Steve a security detail, because someone is apparently after Captain America. They haven’t gotten details from the attacker yet to determine who he’s working for, but they’re pretty sure he wasn’t working alone. Steve’s not sure the SHIELD agents will be much help against someone prepared to take on a supersoldier, but he doesn’t care enough to fight the command, as long as he can go to the hospital to see Tony.
“I said ‘not then’... huh.” Tony’s brow furrows. “There were times I wasn’t exactly trying to die, but I did stupid, dangerous shit without caring if I’d survive.” He blinks. “I hadn’t realized I thought of those as actual suicide attempts, but yeah, passively suicidal is a thing.”
The suit really did look incredible, obviously Dad’s handiwork, and it was perfectly made to fit him. He took the mask and, after glancing questioningly at Pops and receiving a nod, put it over his head.
Tony shrugged, climbing in beside Steve. “J said you were waking up a lot, then checking on me... I guessed it was because you’d gotten used to the arc reactor.”
Steve lets himself feel some relief at that, though there’s still a niggle of guilt that probably won’t ever go away. More importantly, “I need to know that you’ll tell me whenever that’s not true.”
Steve shrugged. “I think anyone can use a brother at arms to fight beside when defending oneself or others. And I think maybe if the townsfolk think to bring a large enough party to attack at the same time, you’re going to get hurt worse than that,” he pointed at the wounded wing. Then he shrugged. “And I think you could use a friend--another, I suppose, since you already have Miss Potts.”
This time, Bucky had only been away for five days, but from the smell when he entered the workshop, he suspected Tony had not showered in that time.
Steve sighed. “Ned--he was here earlier, but his parents took him home--said they saw the cat go into the burning building, so Peter followed it.”
“I’m afraid to let anyone know what a mess I am!” Steve clenches his jaw, like that could stop the words from escaping.
He tucks himself under the edge of the blanket that’s left, rests his forehead against Bucky’s back, and drifts off again.
Before Steve can put on a happy face and give the answer of ‘your mommy, of course,’ he hears footsteps behind him.
He didn’t, as tabloids liked to claim, worry that Tony was cheating on him when he was away, or getting drunk the whole time. No, Tony wouldn’t do that. The problem was that when Bucky was away, Tony would get a little wrapped up in projects in the workshop. “A little wrapped up” meaning he’d forget about anything else--like eating or sleeping. Bucky always asked whichever Avengers weren’t on the mission to check on him, but there was only so much they could do when Tony seemed determined to spend every possible moment in the workshop.
“Tony,” Steve interrupts, now looking relieved but fondly exasperated (which is a look Tony’s grown accustomed to since he’s joined their relationship). “You don’t need to buy us a bigger bed, or tear out walls.”
They hear the banter of their incoming teammates before it’s suddenly cut off when they turn the corner. “Is that... did you bring
Before Tony could answer, there was an electronic whine followed by a small blast from the other end of the workshop, then a squeal.
Bucky turned the volume down, perhaps not wanting to silence completely the evidence of his hard work just yet. “Thank you. For the parts and everything. Don’t suppose you’d pay more for a working radio?”
“Oh my god, that’s disgusting,” a masculine voice chokes out, but doesn’t immediately pull away or let Steve fall to the ground.
“Insulting Clint and not eating jambalaya isn’t going to give me my old life back,” Steve says with a hint of bitterness.
Then it seemed Tony was finally ready to settle in himself, and he nestled in close under the blanket on Steve’s other side.
“I think...” Tony meets Steve’s eyes, and his heart leaps in his throat at the fear in them. “I think that blade was poisoned.”
“No!” Tony said, quickly putting a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “No, I mean yes, I mean--stay there, of course I’m going to say yes, I’m not an idiot, you just have to give me a moment to cope with the fact that you beat me to it. I--your ring isn’t ready yet.”
“I told you it’s fine, Cap,” Tony said with ease. Not with annoyance, or bitterness, or tired resignation. “It bothered me before, but now... it doesn’t.”
not the one who jumped into the path of an angry sorceress’ spell,” Tony shoots back. “In nothing but your spangly costume, for fuck’s sake. You had no reason to jump in front of me!”
“Hey,” Steve greets him, voice quiet as seems appropriate in the dimmed nighttime lighting. “Welcome back.”
Tony calms but doesn’t give him much more room to shift, and there’s a momentary pain in Steve’s side as he stretches for the tissue box one-handed. He succeeds, though, and sets the tissues in the small space between them.
Steve’s heart is now pounding harder. Morgan had mentioned Tony liking someone, but at the time he’d assumed it was Pepper.
Concern was etched over Steve's face, and Tony watched as Steve's gaze skirted all over his face as he looked for evidence that Tony wasn't as well as he was claiming to be.
He might have gotten a little rough with Steve's uniform armor upgrades. He might have shredded the prototype uniform instead of actually repairing it, but whatever. Evidently that version was a piece of shit, so hey, live and learn. And he was so immersed in what he was doing that he didn't bother to listen to JARVIS announce anything or anyone or even note he'd been down there for several hours without a break.
try to contact him because JARVIS made sure to let him know every time Steve tried to initiate contact with him.
But Steve shook his head a little, pursing his lips and swallowing like he was trying to get hold of his emotions. The pictures in his grasp, he moved over to Tony and, without a word, folded him into his arms, tight, possessive, loving — like even with these pictures in-hand, Tony was still his most prized possession in the world.
Natasha shrugged at this. "Well, if the disembodied voice says so," she murmured in amusement and dropped her arms. "I'll be back later to check on you."
time you've made some pervtacular comment about my breasts. Steve—" nodded from Steve to Barton, "—avenge my honor."
Tony opened his mouth to respond, but Wilson said, "Details about a sex life I really don't need to hear about."
— conducted secret little group-chats without them, Barnes looked over the tablet that was currently displaying Tony's 'artist's rendering' of the cake he'd ordered for Steve from that bakery in Brooklyn that had done their previous cakes, raising an eyebrow at it before he said, "Are you really doing what I think you're doing with that cake?"
When the doors opened, Olivia bounded back into the living room and over to the coffee table, and she plopped down on the floor and said, "Here, Papa! We'll draw here!"
"Evidently not completely impossible," she said and raised an eyebrow. Tony just glared at her and she rolled her eyes and added, "Such black-and-white thinkers, but
it is. You want your ladies to be happy?" He put his hands on Steve's shoulders and gave them a squeeze. "
"Make me yours, Captain," Tony said, purring the words. "Make me your Antonia." That seemed to be all the assurance Steve needed.
The three stopped cold and looked to Tony, and Steve stole a surreptitious and murderous glance at Barton as Barton said, "Yeah? What did I say?"
," he said with a shake of his head. "Don't even try it. Don't even try to defend it or say you're older than I am. Look at me, Steve. Actually look at me. I'm old. I'm old and wrinkled and grayed and my heart doesn't work right and my liver's shot and I've got a fucking gut on me I can't seem to get rid of no matter how many sit-ups I do. The only thing I'm good for is my money, which is yours now, and will be all yours in, like, five years when I keel over and die because I am practically on my last legs and should be shot like a fucking horse."
His mouth fell open some again before he was able to catch himself, and he closed it back up again, swallowed once more, and said, "Could you...show me?"
"You know," Tony said and leaned in a little closer to him, "if you set that infant down, you can welcome me back the right way."
"I made you do it the last time, too. You just don't remember because you were freaked out about dying," Bruce murmured, but Tony ignored that and instead looked at the doctor for instructions to the nearest restroom.
He took several deep breaths. In. Out. In. Out again. He squeezed his eyes shut and tried to block out the thought, but all he could see was some Hydra goon advancing on him, taking advantage of his somewhat vulnerable position, grabbing him, taking him to some lair where he'd be subjected to various experiments and tortures—
— and not just the family he had with the Avengers, but his own family, people to call 'his' and people to take care of and watch over and fight and defend and protect. Steve wanted it so badly he could probably taste it. He might have been nervous or scared or angry at the outset, but right now, at this moment in time, Steve was probably secretly fantasizing about the time to come when he'd be able to rock his little James Anthony to sleep.
Tony could tell he was straining her last nerve, and she was shaking her head, her hands flexing a little as she said, "I'm sorry, are you trying to tell me that
Tony didn't wake up until sometime after ten the next morning, the sun already up and burning brightly in the sky and Steve's side of the bed rumpled but cold, indicating he'd long since gone for his run and hadn't returned.
. "Sweet. Is that why you're squeezing your eyes shut and turning your head away like I'm disemboweling her in sacrifice to some pagan god?"
"Yeah? Well, Daddy's not here," he said, surprising himself by how easily the term rolled off his tongue.
Steve motioned to the little girl in his arms that was pretending to talk into the earpiece of the little red receiver of her telephone. "Well, I mean, she looks like you. Well, a blonde you. Did you have blonde hair as a kid?"
," he said, though he knew the tone was slightly mocking, and Tony knew it, too, if the petulant 'humph' was anything to go by. "I think it's… I wasn't a big guy most of my life. I ran the risk of getting stepped on more than I did stepping on anyone. I understand what it's like. I… I don't know, I
He went to make his way back to the elevator, but Steve ran ahead of him and cut him off, blocking his access.
"Don't tell Steve, all right? Hopefully, we can get through this night without rubbing elbows with him."
"Uh…yeah, sure," he said. "Not actually sure when that honeymoon's going to be, but OK, we can talk after that."
"Yeah, no, you're not," Tony said and swooped over the compound, aiming a few more blasts at the last remnants of Hydra agents. "Get him out of there and get this place cleaned out."
"Stop being so literal, JARVIS," he said and hit the button, frowning when the doors didn't open immediately. "Uh, J?"
"To who? Bucky? My ma? The world couldn't care less about me back then. And, look, Buck and I were pals, but…as soon as he got married, that woulda been the end of it. Because that's what happened back then. You got married, you settled down, you didn't see your pals as much. I was never going to find someone to settle down with. But Bucky? The girls were always throwing themselves at him. You know, the last night I saw him — the night we went to the Expo and saw Howard's 'flying' car that crashed and burned? — he set me up on a date. It was a double date, and I'm not sure she said two words to me before she was hanging off Bucky's arm. Bucky just had that charm about him that I never had."
He scowled a little and went to dump the finely-ground coffee into the garbage disposal, but Tony grumbling, "Did I marry the paragon of American virtue or the fucking leader of a biker gang?" reverberated in his mind, and he stopped just short of dumping them in the disposal and went over to the garbage can and dumped them in there.
Incidentally, Tony was pretty well healed up by now, so, yeah, definitely time to start doing at least
"Yeah, that's debatable," Tony said but still let Rhodey pull him in for a careful hug and a pat on the back. Tony hugged him back, giving him a squeeze, and he whined a little when he realized there were tears collecting at the corners of his eyes.
Steve sighed a little. "Buck, I explained it to you. Tony's a fella, but he got turned into a woman."
"Yeah," Tony said and balled up the scraps of dough that weren't enough to get one last cookie out of. "Weird. Like with the wrapping paper."
"No, it's not. It wasn't. It was a big deal. I'm sorry, Tony. I thought… Doesn't matter what I thought. The point is I hurt you, I know now that I hurt you, and I'm sorry. Nothing I ever say can make up for that. You asked me to marry you once. I said I would. And then I broke your heart because I thought letting you go was what you wanted. I thought you were just too afraid to be the bad guy."
"Remember what I said?" he asked as he stroked Tony's belly. "You are not allowed to come until I tell you."
"Yeah, here's the thing. In return? I get a foot rub whenever I want it, and I don't care if it's four o'clock in the morning. I get a craving for something, you go out and you find it for me. Deal?"
"Not too much," Tony said and stared at his screen a moment more before he looked at Steve. "Why? You have other plans?"
"More like I'm still not sure how it's possible son-of-a-bitch," Steve said, and Tony cracked open his eyes and squinted through his eyelashes at the results.
"Be right back," Steve said, and Tony was left bent over, belly and breasts hanging, plug in his ass, while Steve apparently went back to the bathroom and washed up again. He came back in a few moments and said, "Have to be more careful about this, as it turns out."
Bruce just sighed and made his way over, Barton right behind and twirling a smaller, wrapped box in his hands.
Bruce just sighed out a breath, and when he spoke, it was more like he was talking to himself than to Tony. "You've already been in mild labor for ten hours now, though, from what you told me earlier, it's probably been a lot longer than that. I'd still say you've got a few more hours to go, and I need to keep an eye on you, but I have no place to put you. Every bed we have is being used."
Steve nodded. "OK," he said, both looking and sounding relieved. "OK," he reiterated and exhaled a breath.
"I don't think that's possible, but go. Get out of here. I'll run these and have the results sent over to Denise."
Ella's face went a little soft at that. "Well, no one really knows for certain what happened to her, but it's presumed she died then."
"You have the manners of a Neanderthal," Tony said as Steve pulled the glass away from his mouth, but there was amusement rather than accusation in his voice.
Steve and Tony exchanged glances before Tony just scowled and Steve shook his head gently. "No," Steve replied. "We don't see a need to."
"I'm not a kid anymore, Buck," he said, and Tony glanced over and saw he was checking trending topics on social media, no doubt hoping to see #JabbatheSlut dying a much-deserved death.
What home was left for him to go back to? He didn't have a home, come to think of it, not anymore, and not that he wanted to think about it. After his Ma had died, Bucky and his family had been all that he'd had in the world, and now Bucky was…gone too. Word got out that he had been the reason for that, he'd never be received at the Barnes' homestead ever again.
