“Checked in every hour, yes,” Rhodey crossed the room slowly, as if he were approaching a grenade. He nodded understandingly, stopping just close enough to clasp his hand against Steve’s shoulder, “Let’s give him some time. I’ll send after you in a few, sound good?” There wasn’t any room left to argue; that much was clear. Tony almost would’ve laughed if it had been anyone else Rhodey was giving the third degree to.
The pain had become a manageable ache. It was something Tony found himself being able to actually deal with it. It didn’t help that, well, he was submerged in wrapping up projects and finalizing new deals. The brunet hadn’t found himself signing so many contracts since, well, he privatized Iron Man.
Steve ground to a halt, his hand stretching out to clutch Tony by the collar of his nanotech suit just as he lifted his arm to reveal the newly fashioned infinity gauntlet; the current home for all of the stones.
Tony rubbed his hand across his mouth before turning his head to the side in an attempt to hide his upturned lips. He couldn’t help it, alright? It was the product of witnessing Steve in his mightier-than-thou fashion. It was seeing Steve being so unashamedly
“Eggs go in, Pete.” Tony scolded, stepping forward almost instinctively. His faux frown melted as the baby jerked up, his wide brown eyes peering up at his dad in glee.
favor.” Steve laughed humorlessly. The blond crossed his arms across his chest and for once, Tony didn’t find himself at all attracted to the display of strength.
“Tony,” Steve spoke up, the sound of his voice causing Tony to hold his breath. “You don’t have to do this.”
Tony quirked a brow, tilting his head up to flash the blond a kind smile. He took a measured sip of his coffee, hiding his smile into the mug as Steve stepped closer; pressing the length of his body into the brunet’s own.
“I know what you’re gonna say, Steve.” The last word was emphasized bitterly before Tony schooled his features back into one of sorrow. “You’re all, noble. You’ll go back to a timeline where this... won’t exist. It just. It doesn’t seem fair. Not to you.”
“Hey, hey Tony,” Steve’s raspy voice broke him from his thoughts, “Are you with me? Tony?” Tony nodded weakly, suddenly feeling as if his weight were only being held up by Steve and Steve alone. It wouldn’t be the first time.
“Oooh, Rogers.” Steve hummed, his eyes glinting mischievously as he carefully crossed the room to lower himself to the bed. “Only good things come from the use of my last name.”
Tony paused in the doorway, smiling wryly as his eyes met the gaze of Steve. He couldn’t even mentally add
“An art.... gallery?” Tony spoke in confusion, instantly feeling shamed at the way Steve let out a laugh.
with Steve. The mechanic didn’t claim to be a saint, not one bit. So it should come to no shock to know Tony would most certainly bask in the blond’s attention.
, but it didn’t mean he wasn’t above such immaturity. He was professional when the time called for it; and quite frankly, now was not that time. Especially if Steve’s tone had any say in it.
He didn’t know if his voice cracked from the obvious heated stare that had just been directed at him, or from the prospect of returning to a world sans Steve. Perhaps it’s a mixture of the two, he conceded, almost hysterically. Only Tony would find himself in a situation like so.
The blond pressed a chaste kiss to Tony’s hands, his eyes brimming with unshed tears as he did so. His lips continued to stay pressed there before he gradually shifted until the side of his face nuzzled against the brunet’s hands. He pulled back, his fingers peeling Tony’s calloused hands open before pressing his lips against the open palm.
“Then we’ll do this. Together.” Tony nodded jerkily, the last bit sounding offhanded. Almost like an afterthought. But the two of them working together had never been a second option, no.
The blond was accustomed to Tony’s antics. He was well aware of the multiple ways the billionaire enjoyed deflecting a serious topic. And in this case... Tony was trying to act as if everything was fine. And maybe it was, to everyone else.
“Were you- were you ashamed?” Steve’s voice fell to a quiet whisper, sounding desperate. His tone sounded broken, almost. It didn’t fit
Tony began to pull away, hesitating briefly as his palm cupped the side of Steve’s face. His expression appeared torn before he shrugged. “Ah, to hell with it. Maybe this one won’t give me too much of a hard time. I mean, it’s not technically cheating..” he trailed off.
“What is that supposed to mean?” Steve took three striding steps forward, anger coursing through his veins at Tony’s tone. He faltered before placing a hand on the brunet’s shoulder.
“Probably shouldn’t aggravate the wound,” she spoke quietly, her dark eyes searching his own as the ship jerked roughly to the side, “Landing in one.”
Tony’s mouth fell dry as his eyes wildly flickered around the new images and videos being shown before him. They flashed rapidly, Friday using technology in order to enhance the images and zoom in on noticeable features.
Tony needed to protect the family he had. He knew in the back of his mind that the Accords threatened that first and foremost. If the Avengers couldn’t present a united front... everything would be at risk. The stable foundation Tony had spent the last few years carefully crafting would... crumble. He couldn’t risk that.
Except right now... they were content just gazing into each other’s eyes. The air surrounding them still continued to feel charged. The brunet had agreed years ago to let Steve into his heart, and now he was choosing to let Steve have it entirely.
Tony stepped further into the kitchen, placing his mug into the sink before propping his hip against the counter top. Peter scooted towards him, oblivious to the watchful eyes tracking his movement near the edge of the granite.
“I need you to let me finish before you interrupt.” Tony cleared his throat, inwardly wincing at the sight of Steve’s eyes beginning to narrow in suspicion. ”Okay?”
The brunet popped a blueberry in his mouth as he huffed, rolling his eyes. His AI’s seemed rather keen of developing their own personalities. He couldn’t find it within him to actually be bothered. It beat them sounding far too robotic and inhuman, he shrugged.
The food was prepared with Wakanda’s resources. So, yeah, of course it looked great. Except. Except Steve couldn’t even stomach the idea of eating. He had to know the moment Tony ate anything. He had to know because it would finally be a sign that Tony was okay.
Tony shushed him, his eyes burning at the sound of Steve’s choked words. Anger coursed through his veins, igniting him once more. You don’t have the right to be upset, you left, is what he wanted to snap at him. But not now. They’ve lost too much already, Tony could sense that. This wasn’t a time for sharp words. This was bigger than their disagreement. He exhaled again.
“Did you ever stop to think that maybe I should be the one to decide that?” Steve asked, wearily. “Tony, you’re– you’re everything anyone could want in a soulmate. When have I ever gave you the impression you weren’t?”
“I thought– I had thought we were getting somewhere.” Tony continued, fiddling with his keyboard. “But then the Accords– they set us further back than before you had even come out of the ice. And, hell.” Tony cut himself off, forcibly squeezing his eyes shit as tears threatened to spill. “You made your priorities very clear with Barnes. It wasn’t just one isolated incident... it was everything stacked together.”
Tony leaned forward and pressed a soft kiss to Steve’s mouth, welcoming the bitter taste of salt. “I love you too.” He exhaled, leaning back to pepper chaste kisses across the blond’s jaw. “So much.”
“Oh, Tony.” Steve breathed, pressing a kiss to his forehead. “Sweetheart, you don’t have to... you don’t have to say yes. That’s not your only option. We can just–“ The blond briefly faltered in the next bit. “We can pretend this didn’t happen.”
“Steve...” Tony spoke in complete fondness. He couldn’t even hide the look of awe on his face. The blond just had a way of making every request, no matter how small, sound so significant. As if it all mattered so much. And the truth was? It did. “Of course.” He broke into light laughter, reaching up to cup the blond’s cheek. “Of course I’ll dance with you.”
They hadn’t fixed things before Steve passed. They had embraced, of course. And worked together like old times. But apologies were scarce, and their foundation had remained shaky. Tony was relying on them having time
Tony broke into laughter, his fingers trailing up to grip at the collar of Steve’s shirt. “That was awful.”
“Let’s get you inside,” Steve spoke firmly, detangling his limbs from Tony’s before he leaned down. Tony opened his mouth in protest, or perhaps to question Steve’s intent or maybe just to complain about the loss of body heat he was now experiencing. The words soon died on the tip of his tongue as Steve cradled him to his chest, feet swung up and dangling over the broad arm as he held Tony bridal style. The blonde man’s mouth was set in a determined line as he began walking with conviction. Tony rolled his eyes before allowing himself to melt in the embrace, his strength finally dissipating once he no longer had to hold himself up.
Tony tensed up, every single cell in his body screaming at him to abort. Abort mission. He wasn’t ready, not yet. Not now. He let out a shaky breath, his eyes prickling with tears as memories flashed through his thoughts.
“Hey, hey, Tones,” Rhodey rushed in the room, not even hesitating before coming to his side. He gently began pressing him to lay back down, “Try to take it easy. I know how you are about listening to doctors orders.”
He had family, friends, and plans to attend to. The genius knew he should start strategizing now. The team needed Tony to be quick on his feet and even quicker with his thoughts. The fate of the world relied on everyone working together to find a solution for this outcome. He needed to get his thoughts in order.
So imagine his surprise when he woke up from the ice to the strong, bitter taste of hot coffee sliding down his throat and sending his taste buds haywire. Perhaps the field agents and scientists thought him weird, but he had immediately shoved a handful of ice in his mouth.
expression taking home on his face. Steve had been on the receiving end of that look far too many times.
Something had happened. That much was obvious. Nothing else would explain Steve’s behavior and how out of routine everything had been; from the bedroom routine to breakfast. It was.... interesting. Tony eyed the blond over the rim of his mug, pursing his lips.
“What? Of course they’ll have you back,” Steve spluttered, pulling his hand back before regaining his train of thought. “And you know that’s not what I meant.”
The blond was right. They had prioritized down time once Peter’s adoption had been finalized. Heroing slowed down for the both of them, especially Tony. They both worked as consultants for SHIELD and would always be on call if the time came where the world needed them again. But they were no longer the first ones sent out to deal with the weekly villain.
“Well, yeah,” Tony shrugged, seeming suddenly uncomfortable, “I’ve just never really been one for.. that.” He shuffled his feet and glanced around the sterile room for a distraction.
“I’m not worthy of you!” Tony trembled under Steve’s touch. His voice had risen in volume, his tone cracking.
“Blah blah blah.” Tony cut the AI off. “You know what I mean. Plug in the mic, will ya? I wanna talk to my favorite boys.”
The primary concern Steve had was if Tony was okay. The genius had obviously been bleeding due to internal damages. And if everyone’s assumptions right, Tony had flown into space. Steve wondered if Tony had anyone left with him.
Imagine his surprise when not only had Thor found him, but he brought back up. Tony could’ve weeped with joy. And he might have, too, if Rhodey hadn’t practically ran Thor over in order to embrace the small genius. If Tony thought he had been running out of air before, he surely knew what it felt like then. The Colonel has gripped Tony so tightly he imagined hearing bones crack.
Tony backed away from the mirror, the image of his silver haired form still visible even as he stood in the middle of his bedroom. He slid into a pair of joggers and a well loved hoodie before padding downstairs.
“Tony!” Steve squawked in disapproval, his apron fluttering as he whirled around. His cheeks had flushed a vibrant red, something Tony notes as he watched the blond cross his arms.
Tony almost pinched himself. Steve wasn’t bullshitting the situation. He was... owning up to his mistakes. Tony didn’t know how to feel. He struggled with acknowledging the regret swimming in Steve’s eyes. Somehow, Steve knowing he fucked up made this situation more difficult. Tony had expected for the entire disagreement over the Accords to erupt. He was prepared to point out Steve’s flaws, not for Steve to truly apologize. Tony was at a loss.
That went out the window as soon as his eyes locked onto Tony’s rumpled form. The billionaire was huddled into Thor’s side; the God’s arm seeming to be the only thing holding him up. His shirt and jacket were in tatters, a bulky white bandage visible beneath. His eyes were drooping shut. His face  was smudged with debris from the environment.
“He was stabbed,” Nebula’s voice rang out from where she was conversing quietly with Rocket, “We patched him up as best as we could, but we had little to work with. It wasn’t an artificial wound, either.”
Steve nodded jerkily, taking a deep breath before stepping back. He motioned towards the bed, a frown marring his face as he took a seat. Tony cautiously sat beside him, desperately avoiding the memory of the last time they shared a bed. Instead, he attempted to discreetly wipe his face.
“We did.” Tony confirmed. “I was only making an observation. You are from a different time. A time where I meet my untimely demise. As if there is a timely one.” The brunet scoffed at the end, pausing to mutter something under his breath.
“Of course, sir. One moment.” Friday replied, the screen clearing before enlarging the once smaller image of the kitchen. Tony swung his legs off his desk, learning forward in order to be at a more comfortable level with the screen.
He wanted to pull Steve into his arms and hug him so tightly until it felt like everything would be okay. The brunet had to maintain some sense of control, though. He was afraid to give in so easily or perhaps, even to find himself giving Steve too hard of a time. Was there a proper procedure for this? Tony needed a How-To-Accept-Your-Soulmate’s-Apology-After-He-Broke-Your-Heart-And-Ran-Away-With-Half-Of-Your-Friends for Dummies book.
Steve broke out into a sprint as soon as he caught sight of Thor’s head. His heart violently thudded against his chest as he grew closer to the ship. He came to a halt at the edge of the lowered platform. For a brief second, it occurred to him to consider maintaining his composure.
“Why do I feel like you’re guarding my chastity?” Tony began to pout before his lips curled suggestively. “Or lack thereof?”
It was at that moment that a whoop sounded from the far right corner of the room. The two glanced away, a flush spreading across the apple’s of Tony’s cheeks.
“I want you to be my last dance partner.” Steve spoke quietly, bringing the both of them to a standstill. “If you’d allow me the honor, of course.”
The Captain clenched his eyes shut and the next time he opened them, he had shrunk down and disappeared through space with a zap. He hoped he wouldn’t have to come back... because that would mean one thing. It would mean failure.
“Let’s go home.” Tony whispered, his voice hushed as he untangled himself from the blond. He stepped back in order to straighten his clothes.
He was sharp and had walls so well constructed they’d impress any architect. But he let Steve in. He showed him how to be a better man and to live in this modern world. Tony tasted like coffee and blueberries.
Tony heard the kitchen grow silent, their conversations dimming as they watched Steve’s movement. The sound of their eating only halted for a split second before abruptly picking back up. If Tony guessed, he’d say either Rhodey or Natasha had sent them warning glances.
Steve laughed out loud, his face breaking out into a smile as he leaned down to meet Tony halfway. Their lips met, connecting in a way that sent a rush up the brunet’s spine. Their oxygen mingled as their hands clutched at each other, Steve’s hand dropping from Tony’s waist in order to slide under Tony’s shirt and grip at the bare skin of his back.
Peter frowned, the skin between his eyebrows furrowing as he scrunched his nose. His wide brown eyes darted to Steve’s unimpressed stance before leaning back to peer into Tony’s face.
The brunet froze in his seat, mouth falling open as his eyes flickered up to the right to an exasperated Steve. A Steve who was currently still none the wiser, as his position in the room prevented him from seeing the screens.
Tony may have been old, but he wasn’t fearless. Especially when it concerned baring his emotions to a certain blond. Steve would always have that sense of control over Tony; no matter the version.
Everything was silent except for the sound of wind being produced by the ship as it came to a rest on the ground. It felt like time was being slowed down as they waited. Waited to see who was on the ship. If they were friend or foe. The anticipation was eating Steve alive.
Tony could allow himself to give his heart away. He could let himself have this. Because... because Steve
Tony’s eyes widened as an invisible light bulb flashed over his head. Time evidently appeared to work quite differently when visiting different realities. That would explain why his house wasn’t crawling with SHIELD agents, sorcerers, Asgardians, and heroes alike. No one was worried about his disappearance because, well... it hadn’t been an unusually long time.
The sight that lay before him would typically cause the brunet to break out into a smile. Steve sat perched on a stool, a groggy Peter sitting on the edge of the counter clutching a bottle. The blond had one hand gripping the baby’s side as he flitted between feeding himself and making sure Peter was actually getting milk from his poorly gripped bottle.
The sound of ceramic being placed onto the counter top jarred Tony from his thoughts. He glanced up just as Steve tugged Peter by the hips and over the counter, the child being sent into fits of laughter at being grabbed from behind.
“We’re getting married.” Tony broke away, whimpering at the sight of Steve’s flushes face and glistening lips.
The blond continued to stare, his gaze almost contemplative. It was unnerving. Tony couldn’t help but fidget under such a look, his eyes nervously flickering to and fro. It felt as if Steve were sizing him up. Which. Which didn’t make sense, unless–
Steve clenched his hand into a fist. It took everything in his power to keep from striking the wall. He could read between the lines. They didn’t think he was emotionally stable enough. He wondered if this was how Bruce felt when trying to control his rage. He let out a ragged breath, turning away in order to hide his reaction.
He closed his eyes and tried to pretend they weren’t welling up with tears. The feeling in his stomach had continued to grow, he almost felt nauseous. That phrase... it had been echoed so long ago. But not long enough, no. Tony could still feel the wind on his skin. How Steve had looked as Tony peered up at him through his sunglasses.
The blond exhaled before steam rolling on. Tony couldn’t help but note the way Steve’s shoulders were squared, almost as if he were going into battle. The genius huffed silently to himself, his lips threateningly twitching. Steve was
“As opposed to?” Tony quirked a brow, offering his hand as Bruce neared, faltering as he pulled him in. “Ooph. Yeah, that’s a hug. Totally a hug and not a handshake. Did you miss the hand?”
His eyes slowly trailed across the screen, his eyes softening as he took in the live feed of the kitchen. Peter was crawling around the bar, blocks sprawled around him as Steve stirred something on the stove top.
“Of course.” Tony nodded, plastering what he hoped to be a reassuring smile across his face. “I just need a few, I’ll meet you at the car?”
He began to shakily inhale, the fresh breezy air tickling his face. He had missed– he quickly cut himself off at the sound of feet thundering towards him. He should probably be concerned. His eyebrows shot up in alarm as he glanced up, staggering backwards as a blur of dark material soon engulfed him. His first instinct was Rhodey.
Tony half-heartedly wondered if his hands were sweating. He wanted to ask if he made Steve nervous, which, on second thought, sounded inaccurate. How could he make Steve nervous?
Steve shook his head minutely, biting his lip briefly before pointedly focusing on Peter and the way the baby was mouthing on a rattler. The blond gently tugged it from the child’s hands, replacing it with a pacifier before speaking. “No. No, absolutely not.”
The sound of that voice stilled him, his breath hitching ever so slightly. His eyes widened in shock as they glanced up and locked gazes with those all too familiar baby blues. Steve’s face was painted in pure unadulterated joy, the bush on his face ever so slightly hiding his upturned mouth. Tony noticed the facial hair just as the heart monitor machine starting going wild.
Tony almost felt guilty at the implication of Steve needing a reason to be sweet. The brunet carefully placed the mug down, beginning to twiddle his thumbs as the blond began dishing out the rest of the breakfast items. He wasn’t sure if the Captain was aware of the inner turmoil going through Tony’s head.
“C’mon, Rogers,” Tony sighed, “Use your words. Hell, can’t believe I have to be the one to say that.”
“Don’t do that,” Rhodey frowned, his gaze softening, “That’s not what I meant. And you know it. I’m always here for you. That won’t change. I’m just saying the dude should know better than to allow there to be a next time.”
“Not sure,” Steve swallowed, adjusting the grip on his charge as he began hiking up a steep mound, “Felt some bandages alongside his upper abdomen.”
He did rather enjoy people watching, however. Being able to stand back and enjoy the silence felt rewarding; especially after the grueling weeks he had just endured. Tony could’ve laughed. It had felt like months. It had began to look as if nothing would work. But they did it.
“Maybe?” Tony scoffed. Now they were getting somewhere. Calling Steve out? This is something he could handle. “You- you tore the team apart! And for what? To feed into the mighty ‘Captain America, freedom and justice for all’ agenda?”
“I will.” Steve nodded, beginning to untangle himself from the billionaire. Tony allowed him to pull back, even as a distraught expression took over the brunet’s face.
Tony had found himself with his back plastered to the wall of Stark’s communal room. He had managed to escape the endless conversations and avoid finding himself in conversation with individuals who wore the same faces as his friends.
The blond rubbed soothing circles into the material of Tony’s shirt. It was calming, the sensation lulling the dark haired man into a sense of peace.
Steve was giddily optimistic when concerning practically anything. It was his one character flaw, if it could be considered such. He was used to beating the odds and coming out on top.
“Your mind.” Tony pulled the chair at the head of Steve’s bed closer, opting to sit in it. He promptly crossed his legs and set his gaze on the blond. “It’s running so fast I think I might be exhausted. So that’s great, Rogers. Now both of us need a nap. Or two.” The brunet paused to let out an over exaggerated yawn.
Even if he were suspicious, it was easy for Tony to enjoy Steve’s breakfast. The blond knew his way around a kitchen quite well, with and
He began to make out the exclamation’s, the cries of disapproval that would come with Thanos lifting the gauntlet. The Titan’s mind was already made up. He was prepared to attempt a second snap.
” He breathed, his mouth curling up into a smile as the blond surged up. Tony spared a second to send a prayer for Steve’s lack of regard towards his joints and knees.
Tony could pinpoint the exact moment Steve faltered; and then seemed to deflate all at once. Unsurprisingly, it didn’t leave the brunet feeling victorious. Quite the opposite, actually. He never wanted to shout glory over Steve’s obvious loss. Could this even be something one could win?
“Tony.” Steve began, pausing in confusion at the crest fallen look on the billionaire’s face. “Why are you upset?”
So the blond told him. He opened his mouth and words began to spew out. He shared the secret he had been carrying with him since he and Tony stole the tesseract and Pym particles in 1970. The only difference this time was... Steve shared of the extra particles he had stored away. How they came in handy later after the battle.. after Tony had died.
“Oh?” Steve’s humorless laugh was mocking. It sent a pang through Tony’s chest. He swallowed. “Is that all you have to say? Did I actually manage to render you speechless, Stark?”
It was exactly what the brunet had feared. Steve was already beginning to think in he vs. them. He wasn’t looking at the picture as the Avengers vs. the United Nations. He saw it as Tony being on the side of the enemy. He didn’t understand that they all needed to be on par with each other if they wanted this to work. They needed to have each other’s backs.
“I thought I’d never have this again,” Steve whispered against the shell of his ear, his breath fanning across his neck and sending shivers down Tony’s spine, “I thought I’d never be able to tell you how I never meant to hurt you. When I didn’t see you get off the ship right away... I thought–“
The only sound audible in the lab would be the hesitant whirling coming from Dum-E. Tony didn’t know if he were thankful for the slight distraction or not. He didn’t know if it helped.
“Sorry my trauma was such an inconvenience,” Tony yawned, running a hand through his disheveled hair, “I’ll make sure to redirect it in a different fashion next time.”
“What can I help you with, Capsicle?” Tony forced a smile, spreading his arms as he hesitantly opened his eyes.
“Uncle Whodey... is a bully?” Peter gasped, dropping his juice. It clattered to the floor as his hands grasped his cheeks in what appeared to be horror.
The brunet tilted his head up invitingly, the lower half of himself melting against Steve’s torso. The blond’s eyes traced over Tony’s face, his eyes beginning to twinkle mischievously.
“I made breakfast burrito’s.” Steve’s voice rang out, sounding distracted as he kept his focus on their tinier charge. “Petey-pie is having mushed banana’s and scrambled eggs.”
He told of the hair brained idea of using the extra particles when he returned the stones to their rightful time. The way he went back to 1970 and met Peggy and told her of his happiness. And how he lost it. The way she had moved on. And then he how zapped back to 2023, only minutes before what would have been Tony’s death. And stopped it.
Tony gave Steve’s bottom lip a few teasing nips before he pulled away. Steve’s mouth followed, his lips parting before he allowed his head to fall back against the bed. Tony settled back on Steve’s lap, his fingers tracing down the soldier’s abdomen. Steve’s eyes watch him closely, his face neutral. His eyes were blue, and looked cold. He forced himself to hold off a shiver. Tony could feel the heat of his body, though, could feel the anticipation burning through those super soldier veins.
“Peter.” Tony’s brows shot up, worry gnawing at his conscience. He hadn’t even thought that his friends and family would assume the worst at his disappearance. They must be sick with worry, especially if Peter were to drop everything to be in Tony’s house.
Natasha turned on her heel, jerking her head to indicate that he should follow her. Steve swung his legs over the side of the bed and allowed himself to eye his form critically. He was still wearing his battle gear, although it had been cleaned since the fight. He was just trying to stay prepared for anything that could occur.
“Yes,” Tony nodded jerkily before wrapping his right arm around Steve’s neck. He cupped the back of the captain’s head, his fingers softly gripping the end strands of his blonde hair. He gently pulled him closer, trying to convey his intentions.
“Wakandan technology is quite advanced, Doctor Stark,” Shuri smirked, raising her brow, “I’m told you go by Mr. Stark in terms of formalities. Quite peculiar for a man who has the right to use Doctor... It adds an air of superiority, wouldn’t you say?”
Steve nodded jerkily, rising to his feet with a groan. The blond made for an intimidating image, even if his expression spoke of exhaustion and defeat. None of that mattered. Especially as his lips pressed into a firm line, his hand reaching into his pocket to pull out the object at question.
Tony stood straighter, his eyes flickering towards the fridge just as a hand shoved a sippie cup towards him. The brunet shot Steve a thankful smile before offering it towards a pleased Peter. He made sure the toddler had a firm grasp on it before he glanced away, his arm still braced outward incase the child took a swan dive off the edge.
“For Vision,” Natasha glanced down. Oh, no... Vision. Tony pressed his lips together, sorrow coursing through his veins. So many people...
It wasn’t too long before Tony realized Steve had people flanking either side of him. Tony humored the thought it being Sergeant Barnes before he caught the flash of striking blonde hair and the clunk of Rhodey’s familiar armor. He weakly attempted a smile at his best friends concerned gaze before dropping his head from exhaustion. Rhodey seemed to come to the same conclusion as him, this was not a time for talking. Even more alarming, Tony was beginning to think that maybe he really did need to get to medical.
The moment the Accords had been introduced to Tony, he knew trouble would be on the horizon. He wasn’t sure exactly how things would play out, but he expected the absolute worst. After all, how could he not? Combined with Steve’s unyielding backbone and a no nonsense attitude towards the U.S Government, and well, it was a
“Of course.” Tony replied, albeit a bit hysterically. “But sometimes, Steve, sometimes it feels... too good to be true.” The brunet didn’t want to go into detail on how he struggled to explain this to even his trained therapist. The feeling of constantly being incomplete. Like he would never be whole again. But he had to try, for Steve. He had to try to make sense of it. “Sometimes I still feel like I’m back in space stranded on a foreign planet with the ashes of my friends.” His voice was a whisper now. “But then I wake up and– and you’re right there. You’re
“I suppose this is it.” Tony glanced around, his eyes burning the room into his memory. The room full of friends who could barely stand up, but they were together and whole. Happy. Tired and exhausted, but accomplished.
“Anyways,” Tony turned on his heel, making a beeline towards the coffee pot his gaze had quickly caught on. “Point break is right.”
The brunet threw his head back with a snort, a grin tugging at his lips at the sound of Steve’s own light chuckle. Tony began tugging the blond towards the stairs, their fingers lacing together as they climbed them.
“I know you don’t want it to. But what if it’s out of your control?” Steve spoke, his voice cracking.
The writing from across the room stopped; pausing from what had seemed like endless scribbling. The blond dared to glance up, Steve’s eyes boring into Peggy’s steely ones.
“Oh.” Tony’s mouth parted, feel confused and shocked at once. His mind began to frantically whirl, trying to make sense of what he was hearing. The genius wasn’t oblivious to Steve’s attempt at offering an olive branch. The brunet swallowed before speaking hesitantly. “Is that– is that
But... Steve was trying. He was getting help, maybe not for Tony specifically, but for himself. That was improvement, wasn’t it? Tony certainly believed so. The blond had realized he wasn’t coping well and was trying to change that into something much healthier.
Steve laughed, his blond hair swooping into his face as his chest shook. He stepped closer, tilting his head down. “I think you still have it in you. You did well out in the field, especially for your age.” The last part was added with a smirk.
“Well, yeah,” Tony furrowed his brow in confusion, “Alien invasion 2.0 in New York? Wizards, Bruce, galore? Ring a bell?”
“Maybe showing you is better.” Steve’s pinched look returned, his fingers beginning to deftly unfasten his buttoned shirt. “I wouldn’t want any confusion.”
in the past. Somehow, he figured the timeline would right itself with its current changes. As in, the future version of Steve who used the time stone to go back to 2023 to prevent Tony from dying would just... cease to exist. He thought maybe 2023 Steve and future Steve would just... blend together. But. That’s not how it worked, no.
Tony didn’t know if he could have ever prepared himself for this. There was no warning. No indication. Nothing but radio silence on Steve’s end for two years and what... he still loves him? It didn’t sound realistic to Tony. And yet, he heard it with his own ears.
Facts didn’t matter. Tony couldn’t even think of how it had been fifteen years. The passing of time was evident. It was a trademark on the world. Everyone and everything was moving forward and changing. The only change Tony saw would be when he looked in the mirror to see the rapid production of silver hair.
The Captain knew he was going for a teasing tone. A way to lighten the atmosphere. Maybe he was reading too far into it, but...
The silence was resounding; the sight of the spoken words beginning to settle in. Steve knew what he was signing up the moment he decided to go back into the past. He knew. And he would be able to live with this.
“It was nice to have you drop by.” Peggy quirked a smile, gracefully rising to her feet to meet him halfway. Her perfectly coiffed hair bounced with every step, her brows pulling together as she stopped a foot away from him.
“The heaviest.” Steve spoke seriously, nodding in agreement. His hand settled on the toddler’s head, brushing through the soft curls. “But you asked for help. Just like we told you.”
He turned the corner, his hand stretching out to trail along the wall as he neared his destination. It felt like he was saying more than goodbye. Tony didn’t understand, not really. But the emotion lay heavy in the pit of his stomach.
Steve’s lips quirked up into a smile at that, his focus turning back to the stove. All seemed well, at least, it would to most.
With loss, Tony summed up. Losing Steve... it seemed to age everyone twice as fast as usual. The mirth was gone. They had lost people before, sure. But it felt surreal. It was like being a kid and believing your parents knew how to fix everything. You never thought you’d see the day in which they
“Why, Platypus, I’d say you were concerned about me.” Tony rasped, wincing from the sensation of his cracked, dry lips stretching from his attempt of a smile.
Steve settled him into his high chair and worked on clipping a bib around his neck; it would prove futile. Brown eyes flickered to the right, watching Bucky swat at Rhodey’s hand as the Colonel attempted to steal a few sausage links. The sound of their bickering felt
His eyes flickered around the room, thankful for its emptiness for once. He would need time to process the past few days. And a good long shower before climbing into his bed.
“Yeah.” Steve’s response was quick, stepping alongside the brunet to jerkily motion toward the portrait. “I, uh–“ He faltered, his hand coming up to cup the back of his own head. “I tried to carry over a sense of symbolism. With the portraits lining the hall, I mean.”
Tony shook his head, his body shaking even in the Wakandan heat. He gently pressed his head against Steve’s shoulder and breathed in. Irish spring soap. Sweat. Musk. Leather. Steve. He exhaled. The Captain swallowed and nodded jerkily, his hands slipping down to press into Tony’s waist in what seemed to be in an attempt to try and access the damage by touch. Tony guessed Steve seemed to understand he wasn’t in the mood to be pushed around, even if it meant going to medical. Which, Steve was probably right. Go figure.
The brunet could feel the obvious answer on the tip of his tongue. He wanted to plaster it across the tallest tower and paint it on the rooftop of the Avengers Compound. Saying
Steve hadn’t ate much either. He refused. Food overwhelmed his taste buds and prevented him from being able to sense anything from Tony’s end. He did, however, allow himself water, which was safe because it left little to no taste.
“I suppose you have a place in mind?” Tony tried to appear collected, even though he was inwardly a mess.
“Tony.” Steve’s voice came out hoarse, rusty from lack of use. He shuffled closer and cautiously lifted his arm. He didn’t want to frighten Tony with sudden movements. He needed to approach this situation carefully. Tony’s well-being was his main priority and nothing would–
A disaster, in which, a certain billionaire would be hailed to clean up. Unless... unless he found a way to avoid it. The brunet was rather fond of keeping the world at large and their opinions on superheroes leaning towards the positive spectrum. Trying to convince everyone else to hop on board with his idea, was well, going to be much more difficult.
“For everyone,” Bruce summed up, lifting his glass in offering. The room seemed at ease, a mournful atmosphere taking hold of it once more. The silence wasn’t awkward, no. It was of one of understanding. It offered sympathy and understanding. No, Tony wasn’t alone in this. He never was.
“Oh, I’m sure we can manage the team alright,” Tony shrugged, making a point to raise a brow at Steve’s hand still on his shoulder, “Of course. If they’ll have me back.”
And then Steve found himself shrinking, his form being sent tumbling through a swirl of time and space. The atmosphere felt like no other, the harsh glow of blue surrounding him from all sides. But, despite growing closer to face the unsure future he had, he was content.
No. Not possible. Not with the serum. But. Then what? He gasped for air, his breathing coming out wheezy. A panic attack. He was having a panic attack.
“Nothing, just listen,” Rhodey inhaled, “I always thought Steve to be a bit arrogant. Still do, actually.” Tony cracked a smile at that. “But I see now... he’s still the same guy who would drop everything to help you. And that meant a lot to me when I felt... When I felt like I lost you. For good.”
The sound of Peter’s vibrant shrieking could be heard as he spotted his parents in the doorway of the kitchen.
Tony glanced towards the coffee machine anxiously. He really needed a distraction. This topic was beginning to turn in a direction he wasn’t quite yet comfortable discussing.
of all people. Hell, it’s not that he even hated the guy, it’s just.. Tony had much more important things to worry about than Steve.
“That’s good, I’m glad to hear it,” Steve nodded quickly, seeming distracted as he glanced around nervously, “I– Could we talk?”
Steve stepped onto the battle field, the atmosphere being one of which he had grown far too accustomed to. The fighting around him was intense, everyone appearing as if they were moving in slow motion. The grunts and cries were endless, but he paid them little mind.
Did this make things better? No, most certainly not. But it at least offered an explanation behind Steve’s profoundly problematic way of thinking. But was that enough? Did this give Tony enough reason to accept Steve’s half attempt of an apology? Hell, who was he kidding. Tony was known to forgive and forget. Maybe that was his biggest flaw. Allowing people second chances. Did Steve deserve one? Maybe not. But Tony would give it to him anyways.
“Almost there.” The Captain continued, his hand falling from the brunet’s face in a show of trust. Both of Steve’s hands now settled on Tony’s hips, guiding him into position just so. Until, finally, he was pulled to a stop. “Okay...” Steve tried to keep his breathing measured, but didn’t seem to take their close proximity into account. Tony could feel his shaky exhale as it fanned against his neck. “You can open your eyes now.”
“Yes, Daddy is so silly isn’t he?” Steve’s voice rang out, the soft lilt causing Peter to flash the blond a toothy smile.
The blond’s breathing caught. For some reason, the idea of being caught sent him into a panic; even though he knew he wasn’t in dire danger. Everything was fine, that what he had to keep telling himself. He was okay. And he would be okay.
“You’re alive.” Tony spoke quietly. His tone was choked, obviously fighting back emotions. “I-I couldn’t taste anything.
“How are you here? What’s happening?” Tony’s going through a million different thoughts in his head, while Steve just sits there concerned and confused. Last night, everything was fine. Not fine, but fine. His Steve was gone. He knew his Steve loved him before he died, but he also knew that he would never see him again. He fell asleep with his head clear and his heart heavy. So, why was Steve here?
His arm gave out and then there was the sensation of his torso flattening against the ground. Steve could barely make sense of the yells and desperate tones hovering above him. But this feeling? This... he knew far too well.
“Stop frowning.” Tony tugged his arm free in order to flick the blond’s upper lip. He chuckled as Steve’s forced an obvious fake smile. “We have all the time in the world to teach you how to dance.”
“Oh, no, sweetheart.” Tony spoke up, stepping into Peter’s line of sight. “Uncle Bucky–“ The brunet cut himself off to shoot the man in question a glare before pulling back to send his child a reassuring smile. “He was only joking. He meant Uncle Rhodey was teasing him over... a game. Because Bucky lost.”
“The deep emotional ‘we can do it, yes we can’ speech?” Tony frowned, raising a brow as Steve rolled his eyes.
Tony grinned knowingly to himself. Steve was a sucker for making homemade pancakes, and Peter often requested chocolate ones. The two often tried to limit the toddler’s sugar intake, thus using dark chocolate as a healthier alternative.
“Peggy..” Steve mumbled, his eyes squinting in confusion as a plastic straw was fed through his mouth. “...stone. Gotta. Fix the timeline.”
“You’ll do it anyways?” Tony mentally prepared himself. His friend paused, almost as if he were carefully choosing his next words. Tony had a faint idea of what they were going to be.
Tony let out a shuddering breath, his eyes briefly closing as he exhaled. He could sense his eyes prickling with his own tears as he opened them to send Steve a watery smile. “I’ve never been able to tell you no, Winghead.”
The brunet in question kept on walking, even as his Steve stopped alongside Sam and Bucky. Tony jogged up the incline, not even slowing down once he was within arm’s length.
“I’m sorry–“ The blond began, pausing with a frown as Tony stood to shove his chair back. Steve hadn’t realized the brunet had been that turned off by his question that he would
Tony opened his mouth to reply, faltering as a voice cried out, “As opposed to being carried by Captain America like a simpering maiden!”
Seeing Peter grow up was a reminder that everyone else had managed to find a home for themselves, without Steve. Don’t get Tony wrong, he knew they missed the blond. But they were able to follow and go through healthy stages of grief at a relatively normal rate.
“I feel like I’ve betrayed them.” Steve’s voice was quiet, haunting, even. The sound of it broke the silence in the stillness of the room.
At first, once the taste of blood had faded, Steve couldn’t taste anything except cotton. His mouth felt claustrophobic. It tasted like a barren wasteland. And then he made out the flavor of salt. Not table salt, Steve
The billionaire didn’t have to glance up to be aware of the amused faces around him. That, and, well, Peter was adorable. Everything seemed much funnier when said by someone barely three feet tall. His brown eyes flickered towards the stove top, rolling his eyes at the silent shaking of Steve’s shoulders.
Not that it was visible, of course. Tony was rather good at managing his poker face. It didn’t mean his insides weren’t currently at war, though. He was anxious, exhausted, ravenous, relieved, terrified, and slightly nauseous. It didn’t help that he also had a raging headache. After all, dehydration would do that to you.
The brunet began to pull away, placing a few measured bites on the skin of Steve’s lips. He immediately soothed them, pressing a few chaste kisses against the blond’s mouth. Tony leaned back, cupping Steve’s face once more. His thumb idly traced the damp skin of the Captain’s cheekbone.
The brunet pressed one last lingering kiss to Steve’s mouth, pulling back. He pressed his forehead into the blond’s, small pants falling from his mouth. They were both breathless.
The pair of them made for a striking image. The two glided around the dining room, the sound of Tony’s laughter bouncing off the walls as Steve attempted and failed to avoid stepping onto the genius’ feet. There was something to be said about Captain America being able to go undetected during a mission but unable to smoothly dance.
“Bucky’s right.” Steve cleared his throat, wincing from the way Tony turned his unimpressed gaze to him. “I’m not– feeling so well.” The last part was said lamely.
Along either side were pictures framing countless different portrayals of Tony. The distinctions were quite clear, and clever, too. There was Tony donning the cherry red Iron Man armor, along with one of him dressed to the nines. The latter was obviously meant to show him rubbing elbows with fellow billionaire’s.
“I imagined being better at this.” Steve grumbled under his breath, scowling as he had to tighten his grip on the brunet in order to smoothly maneuver them.
The blond glanced down, his blue eyes flickering to Tony’s hand in a silent question. Tony shrugged, unsure of his intentions. And then Steve grasped the brunet’s calloused hand in his much larger one, raising it to press a chaste kiss to Tony’s knuckles.
“‘Ada!” The sound jarred the pair from their thoughts. Tony’s eyes flickered to the baby’s face, his lips threatening to twitch at the sight of a disgruntled Peter. The child’s lip curled up, pursing in frustration. He has obviously grown far too tired of not receiving their attention when they had both been so close.
“I’m going to marry you.” Steve exhaled, his forehead knocking into Tony’s own. Maybe if they had been much younger, they may have erupted into mindless kisses.
Steve had never lied directly to Tony, especially with spoken words. Tony didn’t think any version of Steve could lie to someone’s face. Maybe by omission, but.... never to his face. His delicate sensibilities couldn’t handle it. Tony wanted to laugh at the thought.
Tony had began to shut his eyes just as something knocked against his shin. He winced, abruptly pulling back from Steve to glance down at Dum-E. The robot chirped happily, almost as if it were checking in on the situation.
“Aye,” Tony glanced towards Thor as he began to somberly recite the following, “Actions taken on a unconscious teammate are to remain anonymous. It is a grave crime to subject a member to humiliation, rabbit.”
“There’s a party down there.” Earth-616 Tony motioned towards the floor, sending his younger self an inquisitive look.
narrative?” Tony slapped his palms against the counter top. “Have you even stopped to consider our limited options? What this means, not only for us, but our family, Steve? I wouldn’t be doing this if I didn’t feel powerless. I’m trying to keep this family together. Trying to keep a semblance of control. For Peter.” The brunet stressed the ending, his eyes growing damp as his voice cracked. “We promised to make responsible decisions once we considered adoption. We– we made a vow, Steve. And now we’re being forced to make a decision that will not only impact him, but the world.”
Steve stared down at him, his mop of hair disheveled. Tony lifted a shaky hand, his fingers pushing back the few strands of hair blocking those blue eyes. Steve leaned into his touch, the ghost of a smile haunting those oh-so-familiar lips.
“I love you.” Tony spoke softly, his eyelids fluttering as he began nipping Steve’s bottom, pressing wet kisses to the corner of the blond’s mouth. The gesture was so soft, so delicate that it caused tears to well up in Steve’s eyes.
have caused Tony to quirk a smile, but it did. After all, their height difference had come in handy quite a few times.
Tony tilted his head to the side, trying to subtly peer up at the blond in question. As if he could just sense the billionaire’s stare, Steve turned and offered him a soft smile. Tony couldn’t help but send one back. It was out of his hands, and he couldn’t be held guilty even if this was Skrull Steve. He most certainly would do all of his bidding and rob SHIELD blind, as long as Steve’s face kept looking at him like that.
Steve spared a prayer for Tony. The man was strong and often held his own emotions in check. He didn’t often allow himself to truly cry. It didn’t take a genius to realize something bad must have happened in order for earth’s best defender to break down. His mind raced. Did someone die? Steve knew from Bruce that Tony had been left with Dr. Strange and Spiderman. But it was unclear what exactly occured. He worried Tony had blamed himself for letting the time stone to be taken. Or worse, he was crying out of pain from his injuries.
Steve knows countless people made the mistake of assuming that Bucky was his soulmate. The way he reacted when Bucky had been a wanted fugitive didn’t help matters. He knew this. There had even once been a time when he had wished Bucky was his soulmate. It would’ve been easier, safer.
The silence that surrounded them felt as if it were filled with static electricity. Tony felt childish for even thinking it, but he couldn’t help but imagine the smallest spark causing them both to erupt into flames. Everything just felt so... intense. Exciting. Promising.
“You’re so smart!” Tony peppered kisses along his face, chuckling to himself as Peter squirmed under his affection. “I think...” He trailed off, pausing for emphasis. “You might be the smartest little boy.”
“I’m good,” Tony conceded, keeping his gaze on his lap, “Doc said I should be good as new. Minimal scarring.”
The sound of footsteps approaching alerted him to an oncoming presence. He checked his clock and smiled wryly. It was time for Pepper’s visit. It was about time. The contracts he should have had signed last night were still in the exact place the red head had left them.
“Are you only eloquent giving battle speeches?” Tony wondered aloud. “Is that the only time you have a way with words?”
nervous. He was acting the way he once did at the beginning of their relationship. Trying to keep up a conversation. Fidgeting in his seat. Desperately trying to find ways to relate to Tony. But Tony didn’t need them then. And he didn’t need them now, either.
“Don’t tell me you forgot.” Peter stoped, his brow furrowing before thinning out once more. “Pepper and Happy’s anniversary dinner? We’re meeting them along with everyone else.”
He pulled himself from his thoughts, tiredly glancing towards the blond Asgardian. Thor, Rocket, Rhodey, and Carol had been the ones to find Tony and Nebula’s ship. They had been lucky. Space was huge and well, their ship would hardly register as being important on anyone’s radar. The two could’ve very well been left for dead. Tony’s lip curled at the thought.
He had lived the past fifteen years grieving a man he wouldn’t see again. But yet, Steve stood on the other side of this opening.
“Tony, wait,” Steve shot his hand out, his fingers curling around Tony’s shoulder, “Are we – just wait.”
He was old and soft, but the stories from the scars and blemishes were no longer bitter. Tony stared into the mirror, and took in the sight of the wrinkles around his eyes. The wrinkles hinted at light and sunny memories. Days when Tony had felt the sun on his skin and Steve’s hand in his own.
“Closing your eyes isn't going to make me disappear.” Steve spoke, his footsteps growing even closer.
The brunet quickly dressed, patting the back of his empty pockets in confusion before remembering his keys being in the kitchen. He toed on a pair of Gucci slides before making his way downstairs.
The silence in the room was deafening. Tony shifted his weight before making his way towards a modernly designed desk with a wheeled chair beside it. The desk was located a few feet from the bed, directly in Steve’s line of vision. He took a seat, crossing his ankles before sighing.
“And don’t think we’re not going to discuss your deep seated insecurity next,” Rhodey added, dodging a half-heartedly thrown pillow, before chuckling, “Listen! I’m serious– Ow, Tones!”
Steve stumbled forward, hesitating as Tony’s bloodshot eyes snapped to him, the billionaire flinching back and hunching into himself. He only slightly relaxed as he seemed to realize it was Steve standing before him. Steve’s heart hurt at the reaction; Tony was still on high alert. Steve’s mind raced, wondering exactly what had happened to him.
“I’m not surprised, save your excuses.” Peter huffed a laugh before shooing Tony back up the stairs. “Just throw something on. If you hurry we can still make our reservations. You can tell me about your latest breakthrough in the car.”
“I took the easy way out. I think about that moment everyday. When I– when I was fighting Thanos’s children, I thought about how the last time I had fought someone.. it was you. And that hurt me more than you could ever know.”
The sight within itself wasn’t unusual, no. Tony had grown rather accustomed to Barnes stumbling into the kitchen later than everyone else over time. It just
Tony tensed, whirling around to offer Steve a sheepish smile at being caught. “I was just...” He trailed off lamely, shrugging.
He cautiously hobbled down the steps, fingers clutching the railing as he took the creaking steps one by one. If it was his bet, he’d say they were lucky this piece of junk had even made it through the atmosphere. He humorlessly laughed at the idea of going out due to the conditions of a space craft lacking proper safety measures in comparison to the recent threat they had just faced. It’d be ironic. Almost. The faint sound of voices began to prick his ears, breaking him from his thoughts.
So while Tony understood Steve’s logic, it didn’t prevent the retort Tony had for him on the tip of his tongue.
“We make that choice.” Tony countered, his voice staying level as a hint of warning colored his tone. “That’s on us. The civilians who are forced to relocate after our destruction don’t. The innocent individuals caught up in our battles... Steve. You see where I’m coming from.”
The time with Bruce and the Hulk, or even when he had managed to convince Thor to test out– okay so maybe Tony could see where Steve was coming from. But it didn’t make him feel any better.
“Uncle Bucky...” Peter frowned, abruptly leaning forward as the super soldier trailed towards the barstools. Tony shot his arm out to hold Peter back from toppling off the counter, huffing in amusement as the child didn’t even appear phased. “Are you... sick?”
Steve glanced away, blinking rapidly. Tony froze, his breath hitching. There’s no way he was... he couldn’t be crying. Was he?
“Hell,” Rhodey spread his arms out, “What has happened to make me of all people… vouch for Cap? No way, man. The two of you still have some deep shit to discuss. And I mean, a whole lotta issues with trust, commitment–“
He didn’t want to be embarrassed over asking such an innocent question.. He knew it was because of the words left unspoken between them. The way things had been left. If this had been... before... then, maybe, it wouldn’t have felt like this.
The dawning of morning came with the uneasy realization that Steve had never come to bed. His side remained tucked in; unchanging. No indent on the pillow from being slept on. Not a trace of Steve. Nothing.
He began shoving back, sending the animals soaring. Soon, he was able to get back to his feet, but it still seemed useless. It was almost as if they were multiplying. No matter how many he hit, it barely seemed to make a difference.
Steve’s eye caught the glint of her wedding band. His heart briefly ached for what could have been, but he smiled.
“Leftover’s on the top shelf.” Tony added quietly, turning on his heel to make his way up the stairs. “Made you a plate. I’ll be in the shower. Peter’s been down for a few hours so he shouldn’t wake up.”
Tony swallowed, his lips pressed into a thin line as he took a measured sip of his coffee. He refused to meet Steve’s eye, fearful of what he would see. Would it be betrayal? Disbelief? Shock? Would the blond be surprised that Tony would try to get ahead of this?
The child preened under Tony’s praise, his face lighting up with pure unadulterated joy. It was hard to not miss. The billionaire’s heart ached at the sight, for once feeling like he was making the right decision. Peter would grow up knowing he was loved and cherished.
“Be quiet,” Tony spoke hoarsely, his fingers raising to course through Steve’s fine hair. Steve relaxed, seemingly taking the touch as a sign of forgiveness. Tony didn’t have it in him to argue or speak out. Instead, he basked in the warmth pressed against him. He recalled the last time he was given the chance to lay his head against this chest. Except, it had been bare that time. The sound of life had been trumming through Steve’s veins. His heart beating. Blood pumping as his gentle lips pressed scorching kisses into his sun tanned skin. They mapped against him, idly trailing up and down.
The brunet surged forward, pressing his mouth against Steve’s own. It almost felt like the air was being sucked from the blond’s lungs as Tony devoured him. To feel the weight pressed against him, the mouth..
“Then, alrighty. We’re on the same page.” Tony’s voice began to lose its bravado, his eyes sweeping across Steve’s form briefly before hesitantly parting. “But.. you do understand that– that you’re returning to a time..” The brunet faltered as if pained at having to speak the next few words. “A time in which I’m still dead. You do get that, right?”
“Do you trust me?” Tony asked the question firmly, his voice unwavering as he met Steve’s gaze. The question held depth, meaning, importance... Everything was on the line here. The fate of humanity and their
The genius wasn’t exactly expecting company, obviously. Not to mention, Thor had been one of the last few people Tony had hoped to find him. It wasn’t that he didn’t have faith or trust in the God of Thunder, but Thor hadn’t been on Earth in quite some time. Tony didn’t think Thor had even known he was
The pair probably made for an amusing sight. They had gradually went from standing upright, tightly pressed to one another, to slowly swaying back and forth. Steve was
Steve nodded jerkily, his arms falling to his side as he stiffly made his way towards the fridge. Tony watched from his position in the kitchen, his eyes sadly trailing over the blond’s frame as he leaned into the fridge to inspect its contents.
“Compliance?” Steve sounded as if the air had been knocked out of him. Tony dared to glance up, biting into his jaw as he took in the swift expression of stubbornness clashing with the blond’s look of confusion. “You can’t honestly think we should agree, Tony.” The last part sounded almost like a plea, a word that tugged at the brunet’s heartstrings.
The billionaire couldn’t help it; a vibrant flush spread across the apple’s of his cheeks. It didn’t matter how long the pair of them had been an item, the blond would always have this impact on him.
“You still feel like I’m gonna vanish one day.” Steve spoke in dawning realization. His facial features took on one of horror, his piercing eyes peering down at Tony’s own. The blond shuffled forward, his hands groping around until they came across Tony’s own. He tugged them up and held them pressed together between his own, lifting them until they were level with his mouth.
It was the one word Steve could choke out before the syringe sunk into his arm. Logically, he knew the effects wouldn’t last more than half an hour. The serum burned through modern day medicine like a house on fire. Despite this, Steve could make out Rhodey’s stricken expression just before everything went blank.
But Peter wasn’t here. And neither were his pop culture references. Instead, Tony was standing in a room surrounded by people he had once trusted. And he couldn’t wrap his head around it.
But if Steve had taught Tony one thing, it had been a simple lesson. It was never too late to change, to make things right.
The brunet’s head swiveled, his eyes widening for a fraction at being blatantly called out by his husband. Tony sheepishly stepped into view, a flush coloring his cheeks as Steve and Peter’s eyes simultaneously turning towards him.
“I understand if you can’t find it in yourself to accept.” Steve smiled, a sad lilt to his tone. Tony forced himself to maintain eye contact, even as Steve’s eyes brimmed with tears. “I just... I need words, please. Tell me– tell me if
“Hey, man, no,” Rhodey made a face of disgust. “I’m just starting to like him again. Don’t remind me.”
Rhodey burst into laughter,  instantly turning away as Peter turned a scowl towards him. He stifled his laughter with a cough and cleared his throat. “Yeah, kid, you could say he’s sick.”
His head rose, eyes meeting Steve’s own. The blond offered him a soft smile, his gaze tearing away from Tony’s to politely decline Peter’s insistence at him taking a bite of the toddler’s gummy mushed up... food. If that’s what you could call it.
With a sound falling from his lips that could only meant want, Tony melted against Steve’s chest. The blond didn’t even falter in his pursuit of exploding Tony’s back, his thigh driving a wedge between the brunet’s legs as he guided him back and against a flat surface.
Tony pursed his lips, settling back against the pillows. The situation didn’t seem as amusing anymore. “Something happened. Tell me.”
The man that stood in the light of the mirror was obviously older. He had wrinkles, and his eyes appeared tired. His face was smooth, and torso still appeared to be the same as it had been years ago. Just... a bit softer. Not as lean.
His mouth parted, preparing to alert Steve and Peter of his presence before snapping shut. Tony’s brow furrowed in confusion as the screen abruptly went blank, before flashing red.
“Well,” Tony stood, making a show of arching his back, “Nice talk, Cap. Emotions were shown. Let’s do it again... never. I think I’m starting to break out in hives.”
Oh, how Steve didn’t know of the heroes to come. Tony pauses briefly, his mind whirling. Perhaps he should inform him of– no, he waved the thought off. It might not be wise to tell this Steve of future events. Who knows how that could alter the dimension?
The blond took three long strides toward the door, his hand reaching out to tug it open. A brunet head popped around the corner, the beaming face of one Peter Stark-Rogers peering up at the two.
“In what universe?” Tony crossed his arms, trying to make himself seem larger. After all, he’d always been told he takes up the attention of the whole room when he walks in. “That’s not... That’s not right. I refuse to believe it.”
“Uncle Rhodey is no bully!” Peter finished, gasping in realization. The billionaire nodded in turn, leaning down to press a kiss to the child’s cheek.
The brunet circled his own arms around Steve’s waist, pressing himself further into the blond’s chest. If that were possible, of course. Tony could feel the tension as it seeped from the blond’s broad form, his shoulders relaxing.
Steve worked at SHIELD as a training coordinator and helped new heroes and agents develop skills and strategies while Tony mostly just continued working on developing technology and upgrades. It worked well for both of them.
Rhodey stared after him with his hands on his hips, shaking his head. He idly wondered if having a flair for the dramatic came with the superhero package. Or maybe the complex just developed over time. He scowled as Tony began clapping, the sound breaking the silence in the now quiet room.
“I am quite aware,” she softened her tone, “My brother spoke very highly of you. I would be quite interested in having you join me in my lab, perhaps... Another time. Given the circumstances, of course.”
“General Ross presented me with an official proposal approved by 117 countries.” Tony held a hand up to silence Steve’s confusion. “Otherwise titled The Framework For The Registration and Deployment of Enhanced Individuals. It’s a mouthful, I know. But it covers most bases.” The brunet inhaled, his eyes cutting towards Steve’s own. The blond was beginning to deeply frown. “Basically they’re... legal documents designed to regulate the activities of enhanced individuals, specifically those who work for government agencies. S.H.I.E.L.D, for one. Not to mention, private organizations such as us. The Avengers.” He exhaled, and silenced himself.
“I apologize if asking for your hand in marriage was such a burden.” Steve mumbled into the nape of Tony’s neck, leaning forward to wrap his arms around the brunet’s waist as his chin rested on Tony’s shoulder.
Which is the exact reason Tony found himself sitting alone in the kitchen with a cup of coffee at eleven at night. It wasn’t necessarily a good idea to leave the genius to his thoughts, especially when it concerned such a pressing matter. But he had been left with little options. He had one shot at this, and he sure as hell hoped his aim would be on spot.
The Avengers were already there, although Steve felt saddened by calling them that. Only himself, Natasha, Bruce, and Rhodey remained. The four of them abandoned the crowd, daring to edge even closer to the medium-sized ship that was now landing amongst the wreckage left from the battle.
The team was sprawled around the kitchen island, forks clashing against ceramic plates as they devoured their food. Rocket, Rhodey, and Bruce had stepped up and took on the task of preparing dinner. Or, at least, trying to prepare dinner. Tony wasn’t quite sure what Rocket’s dish was supposed to be. Either way, Tony’s stomach was still weak, so he had only managed to hold down half a plate. He found himself sat on the couch, his back rigidly straight as one Steve Rogers settled in next to him.
“I did not agree with the Accords because... because I’ve always struggled with allowing my actions to be controlled. It scared me,” he exhaled, laughing bitterly, “And Bucky? He was just the icing on the cake. It felt like everything was trying to push us apart.”
Steve blinked and tore his sight from this version of himself, shaking his head before focusing his gaze back to Tony.
The first detail Tony made out would be image of his own eyes gazing back at him. It was almost shocking, even. His first instinct had been to make a witty crack at a replica of himself being framed in a prestigious gallery for all to see.
“How could I not?” Tony responded, his tone desperate. “The way you talked about soulmates... I’m not that, Steve. I could never live up to that.”
Tony came to a halt, barely avoiding colliding into Steve’s back. Steve ignored that, instead choosing to slide the door open to give them both entrance. He strolled in, a hesitant and cautious Tony behind him. His thoughts raced. Steve said... where he slept. Hope bloomed in his chest at the prospect of Steve refusing to call this his room. He swallowed it down. That would be a topic for another day, perhaps.
Tony’s eyes traced the outline of the blond’s pectorals, his eyes rising as Steve lifted his arm. His mouth shut with an abrupt click as his heart dropped. He finally began to understand Steve’s dramatic entrance.
“Uh....” A high pitched voice rang out, the tone being that of exasperation. “A wittle help pwease?”
“Why?” Steve asked incredulously before spluttering. “What– how could you even ask that?” The blond’s voice dropped down to a whisper as he stressed the next part. “Tony, I
He needed to bask and cling in this normalcy for one more night. One more night and then he’d tell Steve. He promised.
“I–“ Steve faltered, a deep silence passing by before he sighed in defeat. “You’re right. But I didn’t–“ The blond had to pause in order to compose himself. “I didn’t
“I see no other option.” Tony admitted, fearing the vulnerability. He didn’t want Steve to catch onto his reveal. He worried the blond would take it as meaning that maybe someone else
The blond rose, his shoulders squaring as he did so. Tony had half a mind to beg off, perhaps attempt to convince the super soldier to stay in bed. It was a good plan, too. Except... the brunet’s thoughts came to a grinding halt as the blond leaned down to press a soft kiss to Tony’s temple.
“And about Bucky... I had worked myself up. Realistically, maybe I knew you’d struggle with accepting him. But I wasn’t using logic,” Steve swallowed, “I thought that if I had managed to get him back to before his soldier’s programming somehow... then I would tell you. And it would be easier if he were more him and less Hydra.”
“Together.” Steve finished. He starred up at the brunet, their proximity causing them to be merely a few inches apart. Tony could see the emotion swimming in the blues of Steve’s eyes. They were so deep, seemingly endless. It was mesmerizing. Tony could drown himself in the pools.
Rhodey snorted, his retort faltering at the sound of a deep yawn from the doorway. He glanced back, smirking at the sight of a disheveled Bucky Barnes stumbling into the room.
Leaving earth, he thought almost hysterically. The sound of Steve’s breath hitching caused Tony to focus his attention on the man before him. He briefly tightened his grip, his fingers clutching at the material of Steve’s undersuit. He began pacing his breath in an attempt to keep his emotions calm, his trembling fingers tracing a pattern into Steve’s backside. You’re alive, he told himself. You’re okay. It’s okay. He didn’t dare look up, refusing to meet that cool blue gaze. He was afraid of what he’d see there.
left!” Tony shoved his finger in Steve’s chest, his face crumpling. He couldn’t take it. Steve was so close and the room felt like it was shrinking. Tony half associated that with Steve’s hulking form towering over him. Either way, it was impossible for him to maintain his cool façade.
Or maybe Steve had seen sense. And maybe it would be Ross and the U.N that would shred Tony’s family apart. The billionaire wouldn’t put it past them to be controlled by Hydra– or some semblance of a villainous group.
“I feel like I should mention how twisted our routines have become.” Tony noted, setting his mug onto the banister before leaning back into the Captain’s embrace. “Remind me again.” He continued, a faux innocent tone wrapping around his words. “Who was it that used to wake up at five A.M. for their morning run?”
“You on the couch if we eat pizza for bweakfast.” Peter nodded in understanding, sending Steve a small frown as he tapped his wrist. “No put Daddy on couch, Papa. Puh-lease.”
“Take care of yourself.” Tony whispered, as if he were afraid to break the cocoon of peace around them.
Not to mention the effort he put into actually drawing a portrait of Tony. Not just any portrait, no... but one of Tony posed in his everyday attire: jeans and a band tee. His hair was even disheveled along with what appeared to be an oil stain dotting his temple. But the artistry didn’t stop there. The portrait of Tony was the main attraction, yes. But this Tony was drawn standing in the center of a hallway.
“Good morning.” Tony cleared his throat, forcing himself to not tug at his collar. He worried how that would make him look. But then he felt guilty for even thinking such a thing. Since when did he care how he appeared in front of Steve?
The brunet felt quite foolish for it, too. After all, he was in his house. He was home. There wasn’t any reason for him to not be comfortable in his own space. Except... except it was easier said than done, wasn’t it? He could try to ignore the metaphorical elephant in the room.
. But how long did it take for them to get that news? Had Tony been left alone while he waited for the verdict regarding Steve’s health? Steve loathed to think that the billionaire had been worried over him. On if he’d survive the energy from the gauntlet. If he’d ever wake up.
“Don’t get shy on my now, Steve.” Tony murmured into his mouth, his breath warm against the blond’s face.
It had been three years since the final battle with Thanos and Bucky still slept in their guest room. Tony didn’t exactly see that changing, he thought wryly. Not that it bothered him, oh no. Not at all. It was a bit... tense, at first. The way the two danced around one another and tried to avoid confrontation. Tony had forgave him long ago, but Bucky hadn’t known that.
He tried to not think of their tense relationship; or lack thereof. They hadn’t spoken since Tony had been left in Siberia. Which is why he couldn’t explain the unfurling feeling in his chest. He shouldn’t be worried about...
Tony felt brave in this moment. And he could’ve laughed. If Peter were here... Oh, Tony could hear him right then.
“Back there. You said something about wanting me to be happy.” Tony started, his hands reaching up to wrap around the nape of Steve’s neck. The blond’s breath caught, his mouth parting as the billionaire stood on the tips of his toes. “I’ve always been happy. With you.”
“I ordered out.” Steve presses a chaste kiss to Tony’s temple, knocking their shoulders together. “Ready to call it a night?”
“Tony.” Steve spoke, the sound of his voice sending goosebumps up the brunet’s spine. He lowered himself to his knee, the shade of his blue eyes appearing darker than usual from his position below Tony. Dark with desire and want. The brunet shivered. “Will you do me the honor of being my husband?”
“Upgrades look good.” Tony hummed to himself, crossing his hands behind his head as he leaned back in his chair with his feet on his desk. “Give yourself a raise, Friday.”
“Yeah.” Steve’s voice sounded rusty. “It’s a private organization. Very professional, a lot of NDA’s involved.”
“That feeling,” Steve broke him from his thoughts, “Think of that and put myself in your position. Now tell me you think that I would even think of leaving you for anyone else.”
“Each portrait is... it’s you.” Steve explained, his eyes briefly meeting Tony’s own before glancing away, an obvious sign of his own nervousness. “But you seen in the different roles you play.” The blond took a measured step back, sucking in a deep breath before dropping to one knee. His eyes were cast downward, but it didn’t prevent his voice from holding steady. It was quite the contrast to the previous hint of anxiety. “You’re all of those. A father figure. A hero. A teammate. A genius. A leader. My.. my partner. And I want all of you.”
All he felt was Steve’s steady hand trailing down to grip his waist, his left palm wrapping around his hip as his opposing hand stayed covering the brunet’s eyes.
“For... the only family I’ve ever known,” Rocket hopped up onto the countertop, lifting his paw. He spun around and met everyone’s gaze with a look of defiance, nodding in acceptance before dropping his head, shoulders slumping.
“World peace?” Steve spat the word. “You’re telling me the United States’ wrote up a document to secure world peace? Ironic, isn’t it?”
“What, Spangles?” Tony tried to shove his feelings back down. “We’re good? Let’s not make this any harder.”
He took a few measured steps closer, his arms cautiously held out in front of him. The armor was practically itching to come out.
Tony couldn’t stop the tears from pooling in his eyes or the way he began to rapidly blink in an attempt to shoo them away. He hadn’t even noticed when he began to cry. He just knew Steve was becoming blurry and his throat felt tight.
Peter scrunched up his nose and glanced up, his face smeared with bits of egg and syrup. His eyes glanced at Tony’s full plate before he shook his spoon in the billionaire’s direction. “Eat eat!”
“Steve.” Tony’s face stepped into his line of sight, his head hovering over Steve’s own in concern. “What do you remember last?”
He smothered the grin threatening to break out, pressing his lips into a thin line as he did so. Tony couldn’t help but spare a second glance at his ring, dropping the spoon in order to stretch his hand outward, his fingers spreading.
The brunet tugged the sheet up to his chest, a faux gasp falling past his lips as he clutched at the material. “Stop threatening my chastity.”
But now? It was never more evident than in this moment that they would have to actually work back towards something even close to being just... just friends. Was that enough for Tony? Did he even want more? Every potential answer he thought of scared him.
“Do you have any gum? Mints?” Steve turned towards a disapproving Rhodey. The Colonel’s frown slowly faded into one of knowing. Despite this, he began searching his pockets before pulling out a generic-looking peppermint.
“I fell asleep on my bed after drawing the skyline because my room had the best view of the sunset,” Steve ignored him, which, wouldn’t be a first, “And you stumbled in around five in the morning and crawled in beside me.”
“I don’t think I remember your eyes being this blue,” Tony slurred, his gaze wondering across Steve’s face. A red flush soon spread across the Captain’s cheeks. He just noticed that Steve was actually closer than he seemed. Steve’s brow furrowed as he opened his mouth, no sound coming out due to Tony abruptly going lax in his hold, succumbing to his injuries. Maybe when he woke up Steve would still be there.
The sound of that name being used in the present tense was something Tony still struggled to get used to. And he had to remind himself.
“Peter.” Steve pressed his lips together, his blue eyes softening as he nodded towards their son. “His endless need to talk. Make noise. Share his opinion. He gets it from you.”
Steve glanced up from his position in the dining area. His gaze had been so focused on the pattern of the tabletop, he hadn’t even realized someone was approaching. In any other scenario, Steve would have been respectful. He would have offered the person his full attention. Especially when the person in question was Colonel Rhodes. Steve knew Tony cared about the interaction between himself and the Colonel enough to be bothered.
It had felt like everyone was afraid to be the one to break the silence. Almost as if it would jinx them. But Tony understood. He had stood back, too, exhausted eyes surveying the area. Nebula was still crouched, a gleam in her eye as she stood over her kill.
“Enjoying the view.” Steve supplied, a hint of a smug smile tugging at the corner of his lips. He stood in the doorway of the kitchen before stepping further into the room, leaning over the counter top. His eyes shamelessly traced over the brunet’s figure as he rested his arms across the granite. “It is a nice view.”
That... that most certainly was not what Tony was expecting to come from Steve’s mouth. His thoughts raced, recalling the intense meeting as the team gathered in the lab.
Tony remembered. Oh, how he remembered walking into their room from a two day lab binge to realize Steve hadn’t made it to bed yet, either. His first instinct was to panic until he reassured himself that if something were to have happened, he would’ve been notified. But then he grew anxious. He worried if he had somehow did something to upset Steve. He threw caution to the wind and abandoned the doorway to make his way towards Steve’s floor.
“You want to get ahead of it.” Steve spoke quietly, nodding swiftly. “I see where you’re coming from. I appreciate you telling me so soon. But... how do we fight this?”
“So... what I’m asking is. Will you marry me?” The blond presented a ring from his blazer pocket. He held it up as an offering, appearing as if it were a grenade. His face even had the look of Tony being the pin, preventing the explosion. “Will you let me take care of you for the rest of our lives?”
“Can’t go wrong with those.” Tony quipped, carefully side stepping around the blond as he padded towards the coffee pot.
“I’d love to,” he nodded in agreement, pausing as he outstretched his hand. Did he reach out to shake her hand or was that breaching some sort of royal protocol?
“He came because of you,” Rhodey spoke slowly, his eyes glazing over briefly, “I thought, ‘Man, Tones and I had a long run. This feels like... this is it.’ I felt hopeless. We didn’t know where you were or how to even start to try and find you. And they knew even less than us. But we called them anyways. And Steve came.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve whispered into his hair, his fingers tightening as they clutched at Tony’s hips. There would definitely be bruises later. Tony couldn’t find it within himself to protest.
Maybe it was the way his eyes watched a version of his friends embrace one another. The way they shared a drink and fell into one another after it was obvious Thanos would be no more. The hidden, secret glances that Steve and Tony seemed to share periodically.
“So no bully?” Peter’s eyes peered up at him hopefully. Tony’s heart clenched. He would move planets for this kid.
Tony nodded amicably, a ghost of a smile on his face as she gave him one last searching look before exiting the room. He exhaled, peering at his abdomen as it was projected onto the opposite wall. The stab wound was quite peculiar, the surgeons had informed him. They’ve never seen anything quite like it. He laughed darkly. Yeah, because he had built it himself. And proceeded to get stabbed with his own technology. Although... it certainly wouldn’t be the first time something he made was used against him. Or the last, probably.
“You have a full life to live with him.” Steve whispered, sending Tony a watery smile of his own. “It’s your turn to be happy.”
“Bruce and I, hell, Pepper too,” Rhodey added, reaching out to grasp Tony’s hand, “We found your phone.”
“Now what?” Tony allowed himself to roll off Steve and onto the bed. His feet dangled over the bottom edge of the mattress.
The symbol lay on the inside of Steve’s bicep. It was neat, the dark color contrasting strongly against the pale skin. It made for a breath taking sight, actually. It looked like art. The mark seemed too neat, too photogenic, too
What were they doing? Was this... actually happening? If felt surreal. Tony didn’t actually believe he’d ever find himself back in Steve’s presence, alone. Actually, he couldn’t believe he allowed himself to be alone with Steve. Worse things have happened, though.
They broke through the crowd that had gathered along the edges of the palace. Shuri stood in the center, surrounded by the remaining Dora Milaje and her mother. She spared their arrival a small nod and a polite smile. Steve saluted back.
“Well. I’m awake.” The brunet fell back dramatically, his arms crossing behind his head. “Go on, what are we doing today? Volunteering at a pet shelter? Walking old ladies across the street? Teaching Bucky how to cook pasta?
“And uh. What news is that, exactly?” Tony swallowed, his brow  furrowing in confusion. He was strangely beginning to feel intimidated. And slightly turned on due to being in such close proximity, but that was neither here or there.
Steve weakly swatted hands away. He shook his head, trying to indicate that he would be okay. They didn’t need to focus on him. Not now. Not as they fought for the good of humanity. Steve was just one person.They couldn’t afford to lose focus on the main task: protecting Vision and the Mind Stone.
Steve pressed into the kiss, his hand clutching at Tony’s ass. He jerked the brunet forward, his left hand gripping the billionaire’s neck in order to maintain his hold on the smaller being. Tony’s mouth was wet and hot. Steve couldn’t help but quirk a small smirk at the sound’s of pleasure falling from the brunet’s mouth.
“I see that you’re giving in.” The blond turned, resting his weight against the counter top. He pinched the bridge of his nose as he regarded Tony with a look of disappointment. “You’re throwing the towel in before giving us a fighting stance. The team needs you to be on
The grey in his hair seemed more pronounced than ever. It contrasted quite nicely with the patches of dark that appeared to be clinging to his roots. It was amusing to think that a part of him was still holding onto his youth, even if barely.
Tony had laid himself bare, his bleeding heart out for Steve to read into. He hated knowing his emotions were very obvious on his face; he was just thankful to have his back turned, even if his shoulders gave off how tense he was from behind.
“Oh yeah?” Tony scoffed, giving Rhodey’s backside a hard jab, “What’s stressful is you labeling a situation you won’t tell me as being such! C’mon. Don’t make me pull out IOU’s.”
Tony. For good. So he reached out, plastering either of his hands on each side of the blond’s hair. He stifled a small laugh as Steve curled an arm around his waist, pulling him against the Captain’s broad chest.
“Things,” Rhodey scoffed at the word, “I’m serious. I’m not afraid to go Dr. Phil on both of your asses. Especially his. He doesn’t get to break you and leave me to pick up the pieces. Not again, no. We’re not playing this game anymore.”
“Pepper! Light of my life!” Tony whirled around. “I, uh, may have not finished crossing my T’s and dotting my I’s, however–“
It had been irritating Tony for the last few days. He had initially thought it was from his imminent death. It wasn’t unusual for a mark to have such a reaction when one half of a soul pair were close to reaching an untimely death. It was a harsh way of the opposing soulmate to understand their other half was dying. It was supposed to offer relief, according to researchers.
“I rented it out.” Steve admitted, turning on his heel. He stepped forward, his hands reaching out to grasp Tony’s. “It’ll just be... the two of us. If that’s okay.”
“Uncle Whodey!” He cheered, pulling the cap of his drink away to speak. “Daddy doesn’t have to sleep on the couch!”
“Take care, Cap.” Tony found himself able to offer the Captain a genuine smile, one that had even managed to reach his eyes.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, his hands clenching into fists at his aides. He refused to give in. He was not– not going to rush to Steve’s side. No. He, Tony, was the one who deserved comfort. That’s what Rhodey would say. Tony could hear him now.. But Rhodey wasn’t in the room. And Steve was an inch from crying.
“Tony.” Steve’s posture had softened, the tension seeming to bleed from him. “Why.. why would you say that? Why would you believe it?”
“It’s hard.” Tony cleared his throat, his voice sounding thicker than usual. “It was hard enough growing up knowing... But then to meet the real thing and be told you’re selfish? It was a slap in the face.”
The brunet didn’t feel right labeling it as such. This wasn’t something that could be settled in a contest or even a cheap debate. It required maturity and understanding. It called for individuals to sacrifice their control for the greater good.
Peter’s laughter soon filled the kitchen. It was soft and created a peaceful aura that the two adults desperately needed. The trio had migrated to the couch in the living room, Peter child plopped between the two. He gurgled as he lay in a reclining position, his hands gripping the toys Tony had given him.
Things were going well for them. The world had so many new heroes now; they didn’t need the Avengers to drop everything every time a new villain emerged.
“You’re up, good.” Steve stepped into the room, his eyes lighting up at the sight of Tony sitting up in bed.
The silence settled over them felt everlasting; but Tony knew it had only been one, maybe two seconds.
He spared a glance for Natasha and then Rhodey before striding towards the spaceship. They protested, Natasha’s hand falling short of being able to stop him. He was midway to the ship before he could see any sign of movement. The backside began to open, a ramp gradually lowering.
“What’s this about Stark being sent to the couch?” Bucky croaked, his attempt at poking fun of Tony failing due to his less than kept appearance.
It felt almost unsettling for Tony to find himself falling back into his typical routine. He took a shower, his towel snugly wrapped around his hips as he slid into a pair of house shoes. He idly starred into the mirror, turning his head as he eyed the reflection before him.
The annoyingly loud sound of the bedside alarm was not how Tony wished to wake up. He preferred much more convincing demonstrations... say, Steve between his legs. He could feel himself beginning to smile at the thought. But alas, that was not the case for this morning.
“It’s been a good week.” Steve shrugged, almost as if he were trying to appear casual. “I thought, why not?”
But Tony liked to consider his own self far more realistic. The brunet knew numbers, percentages, and how to slither his way through a deal. Tony could argue and if that weren’t enough, he could present an opposing force with a team of lawyers that would send anyone scrambling.
The blond sent Hulk a thankful smile before stepping up and into the middle of the platform. He paused once he was in the middle, allowing himself to survey the small crowd that had gathered to see him off.
The blonde figure took a measured step back, alerting Tony of his movement before tugging him to the edge of the bed. Steve pulled away with a gasp, lowering himself to the bed and leaning back with his arms propping himself up. Tony stood between his parted legs before lifting one knee to the bed, the other one following.
Steve turned out to face the doorway. He had been lying in bed despite it being two in the afternoon. He’d grown tired of being watched by his remaining teammates as if expecting him to crack. So he’d begged off, saying he needed a nap, something he was sure they were all quietly relieved by.
Bucky was lazy grins and warm hands. Bucky took care of him as he was sick. He held the puke bucket and brushed his hair back. But no, Steve was never actually in love with his best friend. He could only see how they might’ve been able to make it work.
This was... theirs. And no one would take that away. Peter was their son and would grow up in a household with two present parents; no fear of losing either of them in a mission. They were a family, and they weren’t alone.
That’s why he had hid it. It wasn’t easy, not at all. He was able to make the connection between their soul marks since he was a teenager. Captain America’s soulmark was widely known. It was publicized everywhere. And Tony had quickly found out how much Steve put into soulmarks after meeting him.
The blood in Tony’s face quickly rushed to his cheeks, his resolve weakening ever so slightly. The room seemed to freeze, almost as if everyone was holding their breath. Awaiting his reaction. Tony refused to give them one.
“That ship has sailed.” Steve spoke dryly, ignoring his soulmate’s scandalized gasp. “Get dressed, I have breakfast waiting in the kitchen. The car will be here in thirty.”
“Of course.” Steve apologized, a flush spreading across his cheeks. He even had the audacity to appear
“Then we’ll do that together, too,” he whispered, reaching out to curl his arm around Steve’s neck, burying his face into the crook of Steve’s neck as a single tear rolled down his cheek.
“Honey bear,” Tony tossed out a leer, pinching Rhodey’s side. “Keep greeting me like that and a fella will get ideas.”
It didn’t matter that Tony knew Steve was dead. And that there was no way this could actually be him.
He stuffed his hands in his pockets before shooting the screen one last look and gradually making his exit. His thoughts raced as he walked through the corridor. How long had it been since Peter– since Titan? Were any plans in place for this sort of scenario? Had Maria or, hell, even Fury been in contact? Tony figured Rhodey would have contacted Pepper by now and informed her of his condition. Unless.. unless she had also been– No. He refused to even entertain the thought. She’s safe. In New York. With Happy. Happy.
according to scientist. A way for someone to be able to know their search for their soulmate would be useless, as they were dead.
The sight of Steve’s upper torso being exposed would’ve caused anyone to become speechless. Combine that with, well, a massive lifelong crush on the guy, and. Maybe you could see why Tony found himself struggling. He couldn’t help but gape at the way Steve flexed his arms before turning to the side.
Steve’s obvious contempt didn’t prevent Rhodey and Bucky from erupting into fits of laughter, however. The Stark-Rogers family were often the focal point of entertainment, and this time most certainly was no different.
The blond stared down at him, his bottom lip trembling as Tony’s thumb traced under his eye, swiping away a stray tear. “I don’t- I don’t-“
This may have been a step closer to Tony returning home, but it was also a step in the right direction. It was Tony also taking steps towards building a better future for himself.
But that’s not how any of it worked, and Tony knew that. He knew the hypothetical ball was in Steve’s court at this point. He couldn’t be held responsible for how either of them reacted from this point forth. Tony was tired.
His tone had grown shaky, his emotions being ever so clear. His attachment to Peter and the reluctance to talk about him seemed to supply everyone with the kid’s whereabouts. At least he wouldn’t have to explain that.
Tony was relieved to hear Pepper and Happy had made it, but tight lipped at the knowledge of King T’Challa, Vision, and so many others having been casualties.
He caught Sam and Bucky’s eye, sending them both a nod of their own. Bucky let out a huff of laughter, spreading his arms briefly as if it say
. As if they were in some new modern game or horror movie. No, this was reality. Or, well, what was left of it. The blond got to his feet, the chair letting out a sharp cry as it scraped against the marble floor.
It didn’t matter because Steve was being drowned in blood. The metallic taste. It was everywhere. On his tongue. The roof of his mouth. The inside of his cheeks. Coating the sides of his throat. He couldn’t breathe. Ragged breaths shook his chest. He began fighting for air, his mouth gaping and hands clutching at the skin of his throat. His vision began flashing. Everything seemed to be going grey. He felt dizzy.
“Steve.” Tony cut him off, clambering to his feet. His height hardly seemed intimidating, but this felt like a conversation that needed to be said standing up. He inhaled and let out a shaky breath. “Peter is– he’s
Tony almost laughed. He had been carted off to space, trying to rescue a sorcerer. Yes, they exist. A sorcerer he just met, at that. Who was protecting an infinity stone that a genocide-craving alien was seeking to power a golden gauntlet. Or well, Thanos may be worse than anyone they’ve ever faced. All while that happened, the burner phone he carried around had been lost and found. And used, apparently.
Tony laughed lightly, reaching out to cut off the stove and place the sauce pan away from the hot surface. “Eh, I’ve been asked worse.” The genius squeaked at the sensation of being pinched, huffing as Steve kissed his bare skin in apology. “Go on, if you must.”
After all, they were used to always being in each other’s corners. It’s who they were. It’s what made them Steve and Tony.
“I do.” The words fell from Steve’s mouth, rolling off his tongue in what sounded like practiced ease. Tony’s heart clenched at the sound of the blond’s stern voice.
Tony idly hummed to himself as he tasted the sauce he had been preparing on the stove. He paused briefly at the taste before adding more seasoning. It was as he stirred the ingredients together that his eye caught the reflection off the glint of his engagement ring.
“Not because we argued.” Tony continued. “But... we always made a great team. And you’ve always believed so strongly. I did admire that about you. Even when we opposed each other.”
“Thank you.” She glanced down briefly, a smile curling around the edge of her mouth as she peered at the ring.
“Like him?” Tony’s brows shot up, faux gasping, “Did I just hear those words come from your mouth? You said you like Steve? Steve Rogers?”
“Maybe we...” Earth-199999 Tony spoke, his words briefly faltering, his head turning away as he continued his sentence. “Maybe
“I love you.” Tony spoke quietly, his voice lowering to a soft murmur. “You and your giddy optimism. Your stubborn backbone. Don’t forget that.”
And then Tony wakes up and his Steve is there. It took him a moment to make sense of what he was seeing. He had to force himself to blink rapidly, expecting the sight before him to disappear. Even though that’s not how waking up worked.
Steve’s mouth was currently void of any actual flavor. But he knew Tony was at least alive. It was hard to explain, but Steve knew the difference between a soulmate who was currently in existence, and one who hadn’t been born yet. During those early years, Steve lived his life believing he didn’t have a soulmate. So he lived a content life. He had Bucky and his ma. He was fine with that; it meant no one had to taste the countless medicines and home remedies he’d been forced to ingest. They wouldn’t have to live knowing their soulmate was sickly. Because you could taste sick, and it was haunting.
“You don’t get to tell me how I feel,” Steve turned to look at him, clearing the distance between them with his eyes narrowed in defiance, “You can tell me I’m wrong and that I’m arrogant. But what gives you the right to tell me how I feel–“
have a chance or if I should go. Because I will, I’ll leave you alone. I won’t ever force your hand.”
“I’m saying, Tony, that I love you.” The blond pushed the dark haired man back, gripping him by the shoulders even as he held him at arms length. The position had forced Tony to maintain eye contact with him. “Loved you. Love you. Past, present, future. Hell, Stark, I don’t know what it was like for you to have lost me. But this version of me, is the same as yours. And I... I know you want me to be your Steve.”
Please let me know what you think! How you felt, what it made you feel, etc. I love and appreciate all feedback and kudos.
“I take it your meeting with Princess Shuri went well?” Rhodey chuckled, motioning towards a nearby barstool and island, seeming at ease as he took a seat. Tony opted out of the seat.
“Hey, no.” Steve abruptly turned in Tony’s grasp, wincing as he forced himself onto his back while pulling the brunet on top. “No, Tony. I’m not– I’ll be okay. I’m not alone.” The blond paused, wiping his eyes. “Yes, I’ll need time to.. to move on from us. But I have our friends. The future is endless.”
He stole a fleeting glance at Steve, his skin prickling under that intense blue gaze. They were inches apart and Tony had never felt farther from Steve. They spent two years without one another and even then, Tony hadn’t felt like this. He didn’t quite understand it. It sounded ridiculous; he knew it did. But maybe it was because it hadn’t quite hit him. The realization that... they weren’t quite them anymore. Before, after Siberia.. Tony could pretend they just had a disagreement. That maybe one day they’d have something resembling what they once were.
The sound of scraping chairs rang out as the surrounding people began to stand. Their expressions were tired and defeated, but strong. A sense of understanding had dawned on them. They had to see the people as who they were. Heroes. Tony held his breath as his eyes grew damp.
Steve staggered suddenly, his entire body beginning to feel as if it were locking up. His knees threatened to wobble, even as they were already planted on the ground. The concrete of the ruined compound. He fell forwards, his bare hand pressing into the ground as he began to heave.
“You silly, Daddy.” Peter flashed a toothy smile, his hands reaching out to pat Tony’s face. His facial expression faltered briefly, his lips twisting together. “And you scratchy.”
Steve ran a hand down his face before laying both palms flat on the desk. Queen Shuri was just as hospitable as King T’Challa had been. She’d offered them refuge in Wakanda until they felt fit to leave. They each had a room of their own, equipped with a bed, bathroom, and shower.
Rhodey and Bucky had been the only ones available to accompany them on this trip, but that would change later in the summer. The entire gang would get together for the Fourth of July in order to celebrate Steve’s birthday.
Peter gasped, his face lighting up to such a degree that Tony struggled to not fall into fits of laughter. The toddler politely removed Steve’s hand from his hair, sending his famous grin up toward the blond before toddling across the deck as fast as he could.
“You think- you really think,” Steve cut himself off, reaching out to grasp Tony’s wrist, “Natasha was right. I really am a fool.”
“It’s about him!” Tony snapped, his tone hardening. “Newsflash, it’s always been about him, Steve. What do you think it means if we fight this? I don’t see us coming out on top. We’re six people. Six people, Rogers. And you want to, what? Take on 117 countries? One of which, may I remind you, we live in?”
But then... he faltered just as the pitter patter sound of feet reached the front porch. His torso twisted in the direction of the noise just as Steve pulled back, both of them expectantly waiting for the door to open. It came slowly, the sound of a body colliding into it causing the brunet to wince. But then the screen door shoved open, but only briefly. The springs and gravity caused the door to be tugged backwards, as the weight against it wasn’t strong enough to force it open.
“Just my luck,” Tony groaned once again, wincing as the bright lights blurred his vision. Had it all been a dream? Was there a fight in... Was it New York? Was he back at the tower or was it the compound? Where was–
The blond’s feet thudded against the ground as he desperately shoved past and through the sea of bodies between him and his destination. He shoved and jerked away from grabbing hands, his lips pulling back with a snarl as he tore through Thanos’ army.
Tony laughed softly, his lips pressing into a thin line to hide his smile as his hands trailed over Steve’s shoulder in order to intertwine behind his head. His eyes briefly met Steve’s own, breaking into a smile at the look of awe plastered across the Captain’s face.
“Our surgeons have guaranteed that the process was minimally invasive,” Shuri nodded politely, “A simple in and out procedure. With a few pints of blood infusions.”
Tony cautiously stepped forward and paused, somehow expecting impact. Preparing for the sensation of colliding with something. A wall, maybe even the railing’s set up to rope off certain exhibits. But..
“Budge over.” Tony lightly grasped Steve’s shoulder. The brunet lifted the covers before toeing his shoes off to slide under. His toned form pressed against the blond’s side. “Much better, Cap. How about that nap?”
It could’ve been when Steve had held him, and confessed everything Tony had needed to hear. Words of affirmation. He had helped Tony heal a part of himself that had been broken for years.
It was quiet, aside from the small hitch in Steve’s breathing. Tony continued his small actions of comfort, beginning to trace patterns into the smooth skin of Steve’s arm.
The blond’s voice was steely, giving no leeway for arguments. This was the same tone he used when he was fed up. He obviously had some sort of prior knowledge to something Tony had done... The brunet wracked his brain on the possibilities. They were actually, well.. endless. This reaction could be warranted for a number of things Tony had done.
He couldn’t help the hitch in his breath and he tried to maintain the shaking of his chest. He tried to ignore the way tears began to fall from his eyes. But he couldn’t ignore the way Tony’s arms snaked around his waist from behind, or the way the brunet propped his hand on top of the blond’s shoulder.
“Always.” Steve offered him a faux salute, stepping back before a pensive look took over his features. “If there’s ever any trouble on your end that your guys can’t handle... well. You know where to find us.”
Someone neared, a friend. Or an ally. Steve couldn’t make out the figure through his blurred vision. He just knew the creatures were no longer surrounding him; the other person began fighting them off. Steve figured maybe Bucky. Or Sam. He thought they had been closest to him before he’d lost sight of everyone; before he’d been swarmed.
Steve didn’t know what he was expected to say. He knew Tony wanted the truth... but would that be the best course of action? Lying to Tony had never went well before. But... was this something Tony needed to truly know?
His wide eyes stayed glued to the computer screen; tracing the distinguishable details that set Barnes apart from oblivious civilians. The shaggy haired man was innocently caught frequenting produce markets; his dark and worn clothing helping him blend in with the crowd.
“Bweakfast!” Peter cheered, clambering into Tony’s arms as the billionaire began to stand. “What we have for bweakfast? Pizza?”
“Yes.” Steve replied without an ounce of doubt. He had known. But he needed... he had to do something. He may not get a happy ending, but this Steve would. “Changing the past doesn’t change the future. The future remains intact because any changes made in the past only creates a new reality.. a new timeline.”
He knew Steve like the back of his hand. So, Tony knew the blond would 100% agree with the brunet’s way of thinking if he knew his own idea would fail and put everything at risk. It was just... the small chance it wouldn’t. The off chance that maybe they could fight this was what kept Steve going.
He would have went unseen too, if not for Tony’s technology. The genius felt almost gleeful for a split second. He had defeated the odds. This device would be able to secure and locate missing children... he would have to install safety procedures in case it fell into the wrong hands of terrorists, of course. But it
“Hey, that’s okay, Cap.” Tony spoke with false bravado, his shoulders shrugging before he lifted his hand to wave it off. But Steve knew Tony, far too well.
“I-I let him die, Peggy.” His voice broke, the words drying up in his mouth. Steve’s mouth faltered before shutting with a click. He forcefully swallowed, running a trembling hand down his face.
“Well, on the bright side,” Rhodey laughed, the skin around his eyes crinkling in mirth, “Your prognosis is in. Seems like you’ll live.”
“We knew.” Tony began, quietly, much to the alarm of Steve. The blond startled at the comment, only calming from the gentle hushing come from the brunet. “Not everyone. They didn’t notice. But.. myself. Rhodey, Bruce, Scott, Thor, Clint, Bucky, and Sam. Hell, even the build a bear noticed.”
“Hey, that squirrel is talking,” Tony pointed towards Rocket, his voice taking on a joking manner, “And what’s code 49? Didn’t we agree on these? Anyone?”
He rocked back on his heels, his heart pounding as he anxiously rubbed his palms against his thighs. Breathe, he mentally told himself. Inhale. Hold it. Exhale. Repeat.
“First time we met.” Tony shrugged, casting his eyes downward. “Multiple times after that. Siberia, primarily.”
“He’s downstairs, waiting in my lab. Bruce and Scott are stabilizing the portal in order to prepare it for your journey back.”
Steve had come to his defense, and Tony wasn’t quite sure of his intentions. Did he have an ulterior motive? Was he trying to get his way back into Tony’s good graces? His heart panged, guilt coursing through him. He shouldn’t think that lowly of Steve, should he?
“Before you go...” Steve slowly untangled himself, reaching back before revealing a book of some sort. He opened the pages and began flipping through, highlighting the countless pictures being shown. “The team, we uh, they made this for you. Mainly Peter, he had the camera.”
It felt like something more was being said. This moment was intense; the atmosphere felt almost electrifying. It held many promises even though few words were being spoken. And Tony knew exactly what he was supposed to say next.
“I know.” Steve admitted, flushing as he pulled back to look down. “I regretted it as soon as I said it.”
He took a razor to his face, beginning to feel refreshed at the sensation of smooth skin. Tony buried his face in a hand towel before exhaling ruggedly, allowing his emotion to decompress. It had been a long time coming, he figured.
“Tony.” The brunet glanced up at the sound of Steve’s voice. The blond lightly tugged on his hand, jerking his head to the right in the universal motion of
Tony forced himself to face his desk, his back to Steve. He absentmindedly began arranging his tools in a way to calm his emotions. It also helped knowing it gave his trembling hands something to be occupied with. “I don’t know what you want me to say, Rogers.”
“I know!” Steve snapped, crossing his arms. Tony tried not to stare as his biceps bulged. This was not the time, Tony. It might never be the time, he added wryly.
“For...” Thor hesitated, his lips turning down. It was evident he was struggling internally, the thoughts and memories of his recent losses weighing hard, “Asgard.” Something had went unsaid there. Tony spent a split second hoping Thor had come at peace with himself.
“For what I believed in! I’ve always struggled with trusting the Government, and you knew that. You knew I had valid reasons. At the moment it seemed like it was either with them or against them. But now I see that you were one step ahead. You were playing your cards close. I’m not afraid to admit I was wrong, not anymore,” Steve rose to his feet, scowling, “You think I wanted to go against you? That I wanted to be at odds with you of all people?”
“Ugh,” Tony croaked, a strangled chuckle slipping past his dry lips, “Don’t think you should smack talk the patient.”
Steve shrugged and sent Tony a meaningful look. His blue eyes flickered down the length of Tony’s torso before trailing back up. The glance was slow and measured, not a bit of shame swimming in those familiar blue eyes. It didn’t help that he bravely met Tony’s gaze head on.
Tony thought himself selfish while Steve thought of him as a coward. The brunet could’ve laughed if not for the growing tension in the room.
Steve’s fingers trembled as they shoved the plastic wrapping aside. He paused for a moment with the mint gripped in his hand and took a deep breath before popping it into his mouth. His taste buds immediately filled with the sweet flavor. It coated his tongue and wrapped around the sides of his mouth.
He couldn’t blame Tony. He fought as hard as he could, and he lost Steve. If he had known that Steve would be a causality of war.. Tony would’ve found a way to fight even harder. Somehow. He would’ve found the energy to try harder, even when he wanted to lay down. Even when he knew he had given it all he had.
When Earth-199999 Tony had found him, and thanked him in his own way. He had reminded Tony of his value. Tony had listened to his younger self talk about how he may have made the difference in Steve’s life.
Steve came to as gradual as he went out. His heightened senses were slow, struggling to make sense of the noises and smells assaulting him. A muffled groan fell past his lips, his fingers beginning to twitch at his side.
“Oh?” Tony glanced back, allowing himself to relax as Steve stepped up behind him. He leaned back into the blond’s chest, his own lips curling up playfully as he shot him a look. “You have something else to ask of me? After all you’ve asked today?”
It didn’t matter that Tony had been at his funeral. That he could still hear the sound of the casket being lowered into the ground. Or how the thought of that day still caused Tony to tremble; in sorrow and in anger. Anger at not being
But he couldn’t go a day without it; without that extra sense of security. It had become his safety net, of a sort. It meant protection. It gave him the upper hand.
Tony cried out in alarm, his brows shooting up in confusion as Steve shoved his own hand into the glove. The blond faltered briefly, a rushing sound whooshing through his ears as he fell to his knees. The power coursing through him felt... almost like electricity.
“Suppose that’s fair,” Steve nodded, “I still stand behind my initial beliefs. But now I see that maybe I went about them the wrong way.”
had flashed across the TV screen in his room. Steve grinned into his pillow before falling back to sleep.
“You’re going to give him a chance, Steve.” Her voice was quiet as her face softened. She leaned back in her chair, neatly crossing her legs before fixing him with a stern look. “It’s 5 o’clock. You know what you have to do.”
“Because you made it seem so hard,” sarcasm dripped from Tony’s tone, “And thanks for realizing that you were wrong. Yeah. What a lot of good that’s gonna do us now. Oh, and by the way? It must have been hell to leave me for Barnes. I can see that now. And much more. Like this. It was clearly a mistake.”
Tony let out a short laugh, his brows disappearing into his hairline at the bizarreness of the situation; but he agreed nonetheless. It was a no brainer. The two had been through hell and back together; there was absolutely nothing Tony wouldn’t trust Steve with.
The silver haired man peered into the opening, his brow furrowing at the hazy light being emitted from within. It began to gradually clear up, the space within the portal becoming visible. Tony was beginning to make out the details of a lab that looked painstakingly similar to his. If it had been fifteen years ago, that is.
Tony glanced up with a watery smile, his bottom lip trembling as he offered a shaky nod. His chest had began to loosen at Steve’s proclamation. “Ask me again.”
They shared another weighted glance, and Tony had questions. Countless questions. He knew the path he had been on with his Steve, the
His hands reached down and gripped onto the sides of Tony’s hips. Steve could feel a smile beginning to press into his mouth before the brunet’s tongue bravely traced his bottom lip. The blond parted his mouth with a sigh, settling into the familiar embrace.
Steve jumped to his feet, jerking his head in the universal acknowledgment of ‘follow me.’ Hell, Tony would still follow him anywhere, wouldn’t he? Tony made a point of not allowing himself to look back towards the kitchen. He knew everyone was attempting to subtly watch, and he really didn’t want to see what they were thinking.
They were trying to encourage Peter’s motor skills by gradually allowing him to hold his own bottle during feeding’s. He was nearing the eight month milestone, albeit Tony often felt like time was going by too fast.
Tony struggled to find peace from the sight of his little family. For one, he couldn’t help but feel weighted down at the knowledge that maybe these days were numbered, for whatever reason. Maybe it would be Steve. The blond could've spent the better part of the night and day planning on how to part from Tony and Peter. The thought alone caused tears to brim the rim of the brunet’s eyes.
Which is more than Tony could say about his own first hand experienced with the alien. He had won, too. But with his own win came great loss. And Tony still struggled with falling into the mindset that Steve’s death helped save the world.
But before he could, he felt his face shatter and the floodgates opened with vengeance. Tony crumbled forward, his initial reaction breaking Steve from his previous position. The blond surged upward and steadied Tony, his arms intertwining around him and up his back.
Tony couldn’t help but feel guilty at the relief that flooded through him at realizing Cap’s name hadn’t been mentioned. This meant Steve was fine, he had made it. He tried to justify it as being a normal reaction under such circumstance. After all, Steve was an Avenger. They would need every hero they could get, of course.
But, strangely enough, Tony had found himself thankful for it. This gave him a sense of normalcy, almost. Thanos was gone, never to come back. And with his untimely visit had come a major disruption to society as a whole.
It felt like a loaded question, and Steve was none the wiser to the internal warfare going on in his husband’s mind. The answer should have been simple. Tony should’ve declined and immediately began breaking the news to the super soldier. After all, it’s what he would’ve wanted and expected from Steve if he were in his shoes.
The pair, Rhodey and Thor, had been quick to set up oxygen tanks and masks before transporting Tony and Nebula to their larger, more equipped aircraft. It was then that Tony realized his friends hadn’t come alone. If he had more strength he might’ve been able to make a playful quip about Rocket’s animal nature, or even been the one to question Carol’s presence.
