“Mm.”
“What a beautiful fairy he is,” said John, petting Sherlock’s curls and spreading Sherlock’s lips with his shaft.
“Jesus!”
“Oh, yes,
“Paris in the autumn?”
“Don’t mess up her hair!”
Title: Picnic
Lestrade giggled, then he pulled the rope and got off the bus long before his stop.
I was the water falling against the rocks, and the rocks cut me just as they cut through the torrent. My descent left me torn and bleeding, but upon the path. It was an answer to prayer heartening enough to wake a sleeping reserve of energy, which fed me as the path led me through the mountainous darkness.
So, no, Holmes wasn’t going to play parlour games, in particular, a kind of hide-and-seek called ‘Smee’ with the eleven other guests, most of them young people.
“D’you know the best remedy for insomnia, Sherlock?”
Sally dropped Stella’s hand and drew her closer, wrapping one arm around her waist. One of Stella’s long legs stretched on one side of Sally, snug between her body and the porcelain while the other was bent at the knee. She was practically in Sally’s lap by the time Sally’s hand dropped back beneath the water to tease her cunt.
“Do you expect me to talk, Mister Goldfinger?” asks Seb looking down.
“Well, if I bump my shin one more time maneuvering around it,” said Mrs. Hudson as she crossed back into the sitting room from the kitchen brandishing the potato peeler that Sherlock had borrowed for a different experiment, “there will be words.”
Seb snickered, and then he chuckled, then he laughed.
“Yes, yes, I am becoming enlightened.” John tapped the paper in his hands. :I am on the section about ‘the high probability of transfer and retention’ comparing glitter and gunshot residue.”
I was not the only one drawn to this siren. A man in a green Homburg was queued in front of me and taking far too long with it. Finally, it was my turn, and so dire was my state that I was brusque to the point of rudeness. Nevertheless, the maid must’ve recognised my condition and taken pity for she gave me a double portion.
Sherlock stifles a cry, and Mycroft whispers mischievously,
For my LJ 1_million_words BINGO free space square.
Mycroft’s eyebrows rose, and he let his eyes drop briefly to the region of Lestrade’s anatomy hidden by the chess table. “I wouldn’t want to speculate as to your output, Officer.”
Jim followed Seb’s eyes.
“Monsieur Oscar Meunier of Grenoble is an artist of the highest caliber,” said Holmes.
“You mean, in costume?”
Summary: Holmes plays for Watson.
“Precisely. During the first visit, I commissioned the creation of certain articles, and a fortnight ago, I went to claim them in person, not trusting the post and wanting to keep the purchase as private as possible.”
“But you didn’t get what you paid for. Bad business.” He tucked the money loosely in his bra and produced a tube of lubricant from his purse. Then he unzipped his skirt and wriggled out of it.
“I’m going to slow down so I don’t hurt myself or you or John by spilling a scalding beverage. But, no, bratty little pricksluts who wake me up on my day off begging for their holes to be filled are going to get them filled! Tout! Suite!”
He turned, but not before I caught a faint, body-length tremour momentarily wrinkling the dressing gown silk.
In the Kitchen
High above the phantom-chauffeured car, two people are giggling. Anthea/Sally. Sex toy.
Oh, God, yes.
“It’s interesting.”
“I’ll make it up to you.”
Mycroft grunted. “Not in your mouth it ‘til you’ve come.”
“Are you a member?”
“You don’t really want to know, my Queen,” he said, answering the unspoken question, “at least not all of it, but at the moment, one thought is how utterly lovestruck I am. You could not look more beautiful.”
The song ended and so did I, spending myself into Holmes’s mouth with a lurch that did pain my bandaged ribs. Thankfully, I was too far gone to care.
Lestrade snorted. “Yes, indeed. And you’re in luck ‘cause I’ve got just the thing for it.”
“It’s a filthy habit,” said Lestrade. “It’ll put me into an early grave. Well, earlier.”
A Story with a Cemetery Plot
Was that Kate’s voice? Or her own?
“It was part of the estate of Major Palgrave, Colonel Hayter’s old warmate. Very well. See here, Watson. I’ve solved a very old, but very sinister case. The disappearance of no fewer than four children in Surrey countryside from 1851 to 1853 was blamed on supernatural forces, a fantastical cousin of the Dartmoor hound, but the notes in the margins of this book indicate a perhaps diabolically-inspired, but decidedly humanly-executed answer to the mystery. Thank goodness for the Crimean War and the head injury the Major suffered there or a larger number of innocents might have suffered under his macabre instruction.”
A hot toddy is a hot beverage made of a liquor (usually brandy, rum, or whiskey), lemon, honey, and spices. There are many recipes.
“How?”
Christ, he was hard.
Molly curled into Jim, who cupped her jaw and kissed her lips. He ran his hand down her side.
A continuation from the previous 2 chapters.
After eating a third chocolate, she gave a loud, theatrical moan. He chuckled.
Lestrade returned to his knees and unbuckled Mycroft’s belt and slid Mycroft’s trousers down to the floor.
“It’s a party! Hurrah for the Queen!” cried Sherlock, flapping his golden wings.
Holmes was quick to recognise my change in humour. He reverted to the original topic of conversation.
“Holmes, I would not—“
Drained a chipped mug to drops and dregs
But after the next session, as John was raising himself off the bed and drawing the blanket about Sherlock’s shoulders, he looked down and spied one of the fuzzy, black, well-loved antennas.
Kate reached down and, with two fingers under Irene’s chin, tipped Irene’s head up. She scanned her lover’s face, then she pronounced without emotion,
“It’s been a rough week,” she replied dryly. “My boyfriend killed himself.”
“Cases closed.
There, pumpkins on the vine.
He grunts and snuffles, and so charmed am I that I almost demur. Almost.
He snores.
John snickered, then signaled to the barman.
Seb caught a heady whiff from the man’s paper cup.
“Oh my god! By yourself?”
The image imprinted in my mind, prying open a trove of dark thoughts I considered safely interred.
Author’s Note: Watson’s quoting Ambrose Bierce’s “The Death of Halpim Frayser” (1893). For fffc. Sept. Challenge. Day 1. The prompt was 'It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.'
“It’s a start.”
“Yeah, not the same at all. The shape, first of all. The ones on the left are squares and rectangles or a mix of shapes. The ones on the right are all, uh, let’s count, ten-sided. And some of these have clear bits and pinky bits, but the ones on the right, the ten-sided ones, have a pink cross in the centre of each piece.”
“Mm-mm-mm,” he hummed as Lestrade and John rebounded from the initial blow and obliged, kissing each other’s lips, licking each other’s faces with abandon.
Jim didn’t look up. “Just making certain. Your first gig since you’re off the injured list.”
a tough soldier. No costume required.”
She made tea while I unpacked the bundles.
“Holmes!”
Lestrade's just trying to get a few things done 'round the flat. No smut. Just shirtless Lestrade appreciation.
“Yeah, yeah.”
“Yeah? And?”
Or so I think until I arrived at the conclusion that there must be an empty chamber on the other side of the tank wall. Nothing else explains my observations.
“Of course not,” said Marie hastily.
“Indeed,” he said. “Perhaps it’s best if we remove ourselves from the rooms for the evening. Marcini’s for supper, then a concert?”
Bringing in the Sheaves
“Of course, we are. You found the Borgia pearl, and I caught the Soho Strangler. And that’s what Youtube is for.”
“Good morning, Poirot,” said John with a sigh. “Sacrilege, yes, this, and the weather. Barely nine o’ clock in the morning and hot as hell. Long Island Iced Tea?”
“Your bed?”
“Oh, Holmes!”
John nodded. “I’m in favour, as long as they stay firmly in the food arena and don’t migrate to the cocktail world. Why do you ask?”
The words rang in my ears long after Professor Moriarty had disappeared. I had made his situation a near impossible one. He promised to make mine no less, and probably more so.
And when it was done, I kissed him soundly, then drew back to say, “It’s time, Holmes.”
Mycroft slid a hand down and squeezed the base of his shaft, savouring the wave of pleasure that resulted. He moaned softly and wanted to do it again.
“We have everything we need, Watson, I assure you.” Holmes produced a flask of oil from a sack hung by the door. Then he tugged both braces of my shoulders as I kissed him, then murmured against his lips,
“Did you never once feel compelled to return to your notes and publish it?”
What's the opposite of a honey trap? Moriarty/Molly/Moran. Warning for gore and implied violence and vagina dentata.
“Afghanistan or Iraq? Oh, don’t look surprised. Your haircut, your tan lines, your injuries, psychosomatic, blah, blah, blah. It’s so boring. Can we skip to the part where I suck your cock?”
“So we get him, and then what?”
She shook her head. “He’s probably just noticing it’s gone.”
“Those jeans are tight, Seb.”
John’s eyebrows rose. Her lips curled in a smile. “Yeah?”
Mycroft’s prick-head was being licked like…something sweet.
SMACK!
“Well, I suppose the grass is always greener, but today I’d take being cold over sweating through my back-up, back-up shirt and Donovan choosing to stand down-wind from me—rather than the corpse—at a crime scene!”
Her voice was soft and soothing.
“Liar.”
“You wanted a toast.” John was now propped against the kitchen counter. “And what my delicious Omega wants, he gets. Cheers.”
“Cupids & Devils Ball,” supplied Sherlock. “I promised Mrs. Hudson that I would treat you to dinner and dancing as recompense for all you’ve tolerated the past couple of days.”
Title: Sport
Jim was still considering if there was any diabolical way to use the snake to his own advantage when he realised the flannel was gone, replaced by Seb’s mouth.
“Mycroft invented it,” said Sherlock, coming alive at the sight of the shoe box John drew out from the back of the tea cupboard.
Is there anything more delightful than Watson’s smile when he is looking at me and has not the slightest notion that he is smiling? He cannot see me return his smile for the mask. Nevertheless, I do.
Length: 500
“Is that what you wanted?”
“Methuselah’s rag-and-bone man?”
“Maybe.” Holmes sighed. “Oh, Watson, they were so
“Peter, Peter, Pumpkin Eater, Had a wife and couldn’t keep her.”
“Link to a video feed. If you’d like, it can be a mutual admiration and masturbation society.”
He nodded.
There, standing before Lestrade, was Mycroft Holmes, looking like a million pounds in a three-piece Savile Row suit at three o’clock in the morning in the middle of utter chaos.
Notes: H/W slash; anachronistic quote & term
“This,” I held up the offending object, “is not my pipe!”
“Keeping the hat on.”
"Well, you’ve found one,” I replied, leaning back and waving at the vacant chair.
“Is that any way to talk to Santa?”
At last, I heard him.
I shook my head. “It’s just made me thoughtful.” I turned my attention back to the photograph. “You know, this man, for all his ignorance and naivete, can be photographed. I cannot.”
“…and breakfast at my home, and not see to your comfort, that is, your pleasure, first.”
“I say, Holmes, you aren’t, by any chance, jealous?”
“On the one hand, it’s been good for some jobs,” said Seb, clicking off the telly and tossing the remote down in a gesture of disgust. “With a delivery person’s uniform, I can get into practically anywhere. And no one raises an eyebrow if you’re wearing a mask and gloves. I can pick off the real loners like flies, but on the other hand, a lot of people are staying put with at least one someone. Not as much opportunity to catch a mark unawares. I suppose, taking the good with the bad, I’m breaking even.”
Jim didn’t require video. He had the sound feed.
Seb dropped the gun.
“Do you think the culprit is the same person or persons who disturbed Lady Lilac Merridew’s grave two weeks ago?” I asked, bringing my thoughts back to the present.
221b. Holmes muses on the future whilst scrap-booking. Gen. Holmes/Watson slash.
Molly went out on the balcony. He wasn’t there. She went to the rail and looked out into the darkness.
The first half is Irene with Mary in italics and the second half is Mary with Irene in italics.
Notes: Watson, Mrs. Hudson, implied Holmes/Watson
“Yes, please, Daddy!”
Harry looked down and hummed her agreement.
They looked at each other.
A Blood and Sand is Scotch, cherry brandy, sweet vermouth, and orange juice.
“In return for what?!”
Molly cupped the other breast. Irene latched without hesitation.
“Oh, the right kettle!” She laughed. “Well, that might take days!”
Holmes raised these items one by one.
Margaret’s eyes were closed. She smiled.
“I was just about to insist that you throw me over the chair arm and have your wicked, wicked way with me.”
Mycroft’s eyes widened. “Like Raymond Chandler’s Philip Marlowe?”
“Extraordinary, Mister Holmes. Better than my fantasies. Your turn.”
“…in desperate need of a smoke!”
“I’m not, but it seems like the thing to do.”
You shiver as if the sudden arrival of clouds has turned your briny sea cold.
“Oh, very well, Doctor Watson,” said Lestrade, a bit defeated but relieved. “In truth, I should be very happy to see you out here.”
“Yes, it’s time to go home.”
Cold in the Shadow is campari, raspberry liqueur, honey syrup, lime juice, and a beer called Anderson IPA.
“Not to worry.
“Declarations of love. She might be comfortable with such open expressions, but what of Miss Allen? Her fiancée, Mister Charles Laverton-West, might not look so kindly on it.”
—and patted Mycroft on the back of the head.
Moriarty shrugged.
“Doors still open,” said Janine.
He saw the tiny sliver of pale pink satin that was nestled between the cheeks. He eased it aside and then holding it in place with his hand, began to tease the hole with his thumb.
“Early Christmas gifts,” I said of the small boxes that Mrs. Hudson had wrapped so carefully and prettily.
For DW 2021 Watson's Woes prompt #28:  Focus on someone in your particular Holmes milieu who can be described as an honorary family member.
“Ha!”
renewal of this title.”
“You’re a kitten!” cried Sherlock. “An angry kitten!”
“Petticoat.”
Holmes smiled.
“John!”
as a member!”
“Hello, Georges!” he called to the driver.
Summary: Holmes realises that Watson is beyond the ken.
No staff meant that Mycroft himself would have to tidy up those ubiquitous remnants of hospitality: a tall, well-polished silver teapot, used cups and saucers and spoons.
“I’ve considered the possibilities, and all will do you further damage.”
“No, with ivy, it’s a kissing ball.”
“A retired service dog ought to spend her days chasing butterflies, but then you’re not that kind of dog, are you?”
Never ‘prick’ or ‘cock,’ and in one unguarded moment, Sherlock had confessed he thought those words woefully inadequate for John’s member. Or members.
Finally, I nodded.
“Oh, too bad. Scotland Yard calls. Good-bye, Mycroft.”
Molly shook her head. “They start to deflate after a couple of hours. I’m back to normal within a day. Freakish, no?”
Birthday morning sex. Johnlock. Feels. Anal.
Mycroft paused between the middle stalls. He unfastened his trousers, dropped them and his pants, turned and leaned over the opposite counter.
“You said it.”
“Thank you,” said Holmes to the clerk. I gave a nod which I instantly regretted.
Lestrade hummed and looked at Sherlock through half-lidded eyes. “Can I take you home?” he asked softly.
FUCK!
“Can’t it be all three?” I replied gloomily. “A study in pity, really.”
“—and I believe, at this very moment, Inspector Lestrade is saying quite a bit to them, including advising them of their right to a solicitor—”
“True. Well, what’s the occasion, m’lady?”
“Can I get you a drink?”
Summary: Holmes finds a bare-foot Watson in a secluded garden.
“It wasn’t arson. It was an accident!”
“It’s okay. Seb’s in charge.”
“Bit of fingering, too, Molly-love?”
Mystrade smut. Stockings. Cock cages. No Johnlock smut.
“Military? Captain John?”
John didn’t dare disturb Sherlock. He set one mug on the bedside table without a sound and returned to the doorway, sipping his own tea while he watched and waited for the Sherlock Holmes the world knew to resurface.
“I was feeling uneasy about the matter and felt I should provide some oversight.”
“God, you really do make a brilliant mojito.”
She took it in her mouth and sucked.
“Naughty buggers,” murmured Mycroft as he sank his prick into Lestrade’s hole without preamble.
“Elliot Haydon left a full written confession with Scotland Yard before scampering away on a ship bound for the South Pole.”
“But I’m not going to have one with you.”
“Holmes!”
“…do that.”
“Housework, too? Bloody hell! You know you’re getting so fucked this weekend.”
“A cursed pink diamond called the Winter Rose.”
“Goodness” said Mycroft with eyebrows raised in slight alarm.
“Speechless, eh?” said Lestrade with a wink. “Since this is our second proper date, I thought I’d clean up a bit.” He ran a hand down the front of his shirt, smoothing his tie. “Thank you for the invitation.”
A grave.
Cupcake Crème Frappuccino is a Starbucks drink.
“Mycroft, do you happen to know what kind of key that is?”
“Not a crown.
“You accidentally roofied yourself with drugged sex club glitter I had painted on my face. We fucked in an alley on the way home and then you passed out.”
Margaret nodded.
. They are without a divine poet to chronicle their deeds.
“Fuck, yes,” breathed John as he clumsily freed his erect cock from his trousers.
“You’re in love with me!”
Despite the pun, Sherlock shuddered.
“I was feeling a bit, oh, I don’t know, nostalgic for the good ol’ days of villainy. You know, when you could tie a damsel to train tracks and hear her cry for help.” Moriarty stepped up on a bit of broken pipe and ran a gloved hand down the side of Sherlock’s face.
And so I compliment you on creating a fine product that will no doubt be enjoyed by many. Thank you for enlightening me to the benefits, and yes, pleasures, of riding exercise at home and I am sorry to not be of further service. I wish you every success.
“Happy Pink Princess Day, Mister Holmes,” said a voice.
“I brought cake!” cried Martha, which they both agreed was the best way to say ‘hello.’
He was safe, but she wasn’t! The urge to murder every Alpha in the place was sharp.
“Christ, this thing was loaded,” he said.
“Twelve. So after the kitchen is done, and my boots are done, then you, my beautiful brat, are going to be done.”
And with that, the ladies strode proudly out of the immaculately clean kitchen.
John and Harry howled.
Molly led Irene to the bath and undressed her, the latter act taking more time than it might have, what with all the buckles and straps and tugging.
One strong gust and my work will be undone. I know this, but I still do it.
I scowled.
“Yes, Seb.”
“It seems so. He doesn’t seem angry or offended. He looks interested. Maybe he’s trying to pick up tips. You are very good.”
The Note
I love the idea of Mycroft's home cinema from TFP. There's a lot that can be done with that, fic-wise.
Rating: Gen
“All coppers is crooks!” said Mycroft in a false growl. Then he snuggled closer and said in his own voice, “You do know how to make lemonade out of lemons, Detective Inspector.”
“Is this how you make a living, trying to get yourself killed?”
High-pitched whines and hisses through clenched teeth.
“For an electric eel,” said Mycroft.
But the knock had come. And then storm. And now all was, more than likely, lost.
“Holmes!”
“Of course, my dear, of course,” reassured Madeline Trust.
He whined.
And then, when we were nothing but panting breaths and tangled limbs and wrung lust, we acknowledged the truth.
“Yeah, once in a while it’s fun to get all dressed up and drink champagne and look at beautiful people.” He undid his tie. “And get a spot of work done, of course.”
But the prep was also taking extra long.
The man who looked back was not Doctor John Watson, formerly of the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, currently of 221B Baker Street and most immediately, in dire need of a shave and a trim.
The light trickling into Mrs. Hudson’s room was much brighter than morning-light.
“That is the theory supported by the evidence.”
Sun’s out, guns out, indeed.
“On your knees?”
Sherlock pushed himself halfway out. He laughed and pointed up at Mycroft.
“I’m gagging for one, too,” admitted Sherlock.
“Indeed.” Mycroft turned to kneel on the seat. “If not for her, I’d have no idea how enamoured I was of
And, finally, Grodman tore his eyes from Mrs. Hudson’s condemning stare and looked down.
“Oh?”
“Yeah.”
Kate coughed.
“With enough flour,” added Lestrade cheekily.
“Feeling better, luv?”
He smashed the cup on the floor.
“Huh. Worth trying,” said John, then he added, “Oh, that’s right,” when Sherlock’s slicked fingers wrapped ‘round his prick. Sherlock curled his wrist and rubbed his thumb along John’s shaft as if mapping it for the first time, but his strokes were slow, much slower than John liked.
Those damn unicorn fairy cakes! So sparkly! Crack. Lestrade/Sherlock/Mycroft/John. Drugged glitter made them do it. Incest. Highly dubious consent. Double penetration. Analingus. Oral.
“One tenth of it is. There’s a music venue, a dance floor, a theatrical stage, a café, an art gallery, and a cinema among other things.”
“Yes; and I can read your military career in your face and your leg, and your brother’s drinking habits in your mobile phone.”
Stella sipped, then quickly set the glass on the corner of the tub. She extended her leg, slotting her foot right between Sally’s legs.
“Very close?”
“We’ll see about that,” were my companions last words, punctuated with a gentlemanly nod of the head, but a cad’s glint in the eye.
I hung by fingertips from the mossy ledge, with stones singing past me. To escape Professor Moriarty’s confederate above I had to reach the path below. I said a wordless prayer to She of the Sad Grey Eyes and I let go.
Sherlock caught himself before the twitch of his lips turned into a smile.
For Kinktober 2020 Day 29: Glory hole.
“Hmm?”
“What?! I’m the only vampire at this party!
“Sopwith. Or three taps if my mouth is full,” says John quickly. “My.”
“Well, he and that ruthless Dame Julie Andrews.” Sherlock grabbed the box and threw off the lid.
“Sherlock.”
Holmes strode to his desk and produced a portfolio.
“I can’t answer that.”
The front door slammed.
“—while I liberated his bowels from the rest of his body.”
Lestrade blinked, allowing the words to settle into his brain. Then he blinked again. Then he got up and closed the door, and, when he returned to his desk, said,
“A gentleman doesn’t kiss and tell…”
“Do eat and drink your fill, my friend.
Lestrade pressed his lips together and came, splashing his belly and the underside of the book.
WHAM!
“Your young bootlacer had a fine tale to tell, I see.”
He is wrong, gorgeously, thoroughly, hopelessly wrong.
“What happened?” John asked, some twelve hours later.
Sherlock stretched out atop his bed; after a few turns, the kitten settled in the centre of the beige wool nest beside him.
“…when I was traveling?”
“I’m sorry, Sebbie, about the, you know, thing.”
The hairs stood erect on the back of his neck when a guttural voice confirmed his own danger.
Sherlock began to sketch.
Now he’d nowhere to go and nothing to do but fuck this delicious arse.
“I know,” responded Seb, which meant, of course, ‘I love you, too.’
“There’s always something. I follow your scent like the sleuthhound I am.”
“And you have mine. It is a sad state, isn’t it? But back to the matter that brought you here, I am as keen as anyone to have this grave-robbing mystery cleared up if for nothing else than to clear my profession of the horrible rumours that are beginning to circulate.”
Lestrade got the clamps and put them on Mycroft’s nipples under the lace. He stood back, admiring the picture. “Daddy might take a photo of your pretty titties later so you can see how lovely they are.”  From the neck down, naturally, but sometimes Mycroft appreciated the souvenir.
“Ah, you’re finally awake. Tea?” prompted Margaret as she shuffled into the bedroom with a steaming cup in hand.
“Yes! Sally, you could have literally been frozen to death!”
“Scintillating. I suppose it’s posted alongside the one classifying 243 types of tobacco ash and the one about ears.”
He took a deep breath, then rose, stretching to his full height.
“I’m always cold, Gregory.”
At the leather. And the chrome. And the wheels. And the grin.
“Yours,” groaned Lestrade. “Always.”
Holmes/Watson
“Jesus. How much did that set you back? Never mind. I know: if you have to ask, you can’t afford it.”
was my old address.”
“Twice.”
That familiar cry.
John’s hot gaze turned icy. His lips pursed. His chin jutted. His feet spun on their heels and marched upstairs.
He’d find her after the job.
Lestrade’s face fell. “You won’t be home for Christmas?!”
“Holmes-made?!”
“Oh, fuck!”
It was a bowl.
He pulled out.
Next, blank.
the DW Genderqueering Holmes June prompt: pride.
Rating: Gen
Thankfully, I do not suffer from many of the ailments for which use of the Horse-Action Saddler is said to provide relief. My appetite did increase, however, and my sleep became as sound and as lengthy as any child’s, but for an investigator of crime, these two are not desirable! What my digestion gains in the way of blood supply is lost to my brain, and I must be stirring—or at least be able to be stirred—at any hour when crime may be afoot. And thus, yes, Vigor’s Horse-Action Saddler does aid, but at what cost?
Dusk fell, suddenly and swiftly. It was a cloudy night, and with the moon hidden, all was dark, save for the tiny, muzzled light from the interior of the campervan.
“It is. But don’t let me disturb you.”
“Sherlock,” moaned John, bending forward.
“All right. Kate, bring the rehearsal costume.”
“Yeah,” said Lestrade, scratching his chest. “Holiday, remember?”
It was cold and wet but…
John sighed into the phone. “If Mycroft can manage a chocolate cake as good as the lemon one, well, you can tell Hopkins we’ve got something that might interest her.”
“Watson?” Now there was alarm in the tone and a furrow amongst the brows.
I drew him to me until his head rested on my chest, then stroked his hair. “My nerves may not be as shaken as they once were, Holmes, but I still detest rows.”
“Watson!”
Kneeling, he takes a boot in hand and, using a wooden knife, scrapes mud onto a cloth. Then he takes up the rough brush. His motions are smooth, steady, his thoughts, too, all of present in the back-and-forth scratching of bristles on leather.
“It was. That is why it took so long to uncover. I dare not make my presence known in the slightest or the whole scheme would have been shut down in an instant.”
“Sculptor.”
John pulled away to trail kisses down Sherlock’s neck.
“But the third?” said Lestrade a bit impatiently.
He smiled. “Good. I should not want to contribute to your nightmares.”
“John.”
“…I’d more than likely be as brown as a nut by the end of our holiday.”
“Tomorrow, a lot. Tonight, just one. Only that?”
He smirked. “One good turn deserves another.”
They held her as she writhed through her climax. Then John set her feet gently on the floor.
“Hot mess, you mean?”
“What?!”
“Let’s get ready for bed, dear. We’ve got an early start ahead of us.”
“I will
“Welcome,
“He knew you by ‘not-your-face,’” said Molly.
Seb’s back was against the front door of the flat. He yanked down the front of his shorts.
“Bees,” said Holmes.
As Sherlock neared Mycroft, he lifted his head and opened his eyes.
But before all these, before the fortune, the prides, the satisfactions, there is a single moment of unadulterated happiness.
Oh, for goodness sake!
“Sherlock, is there someone…?”
Mycroft smiled and curled his hand and whispered, “Well, hurrah for the little green men and their flying saucers.”
Mycroft Holmes & Sherlock Holmes
“Fancy dress!” I observed. “It looks like what Diana Ashley is said to have worn to the party."
“All night?” John pleaded.
“—by your interest and relieved that I’m not the only one admiring his flatmate’s chest.”
“Seb?”
“I know. Twelve?”
Seb laughs.
She beamed. “And my cough is so much better!”
“Gregory, I could not possible abandon my work at the moment.”
“Cheeky. Just watch my hands.”
For Kinktober Day 7 - Aphrodisiacs.
The poem is a villanelle written for the DW 100 words comm prompt #118: scar.
He smiled, dropped the diamond in the glass, swept her up in his arms, and took her to bed.
“SUPRISE!”
“You’re mad, Sherlock.”
Sherlock kissed John’s lips again, but this time like a lover, hard and claiming. John twined his arms around Sherlock’s neck, clinging to him, returning passion for passion.
What followed was an exchange of copies of duplicate test results and printouts of scans and an intense debate among three.
“Gregory.”
“Detective Inspector, working hard on Christmas Eve?”
“You’re going to call Sherlock?” echoed Lestrade when John was at the door of the campervan. He waved at little table. “But your mobile’s here.”
“Now?” asked Sally, letting her eyes roam over Stella’s torso.
“Yes, my own.”
“Shame. I was looking forward to putting myself into the hands of the authorities.”
“Ah, John, so this is where you’re hiding!”
Sherlock turned and reached for John. John jerked away.
“Watson.”
“Better,” said Moriarty. “Hands behind your back. Spread those knees. Eyes on me.”
For 2019 Kinktober Day 22: Cuckolding.
“—they kept a fine garden. And I’m to understand that they maintained all of this with very little in the way of paid assistance in the form a gardener or even a lad. It’s magnificent, Holmes.”
Eager was fine. More than fine. There’d be plenty of time for pillow talk when…
She turned over the third card.
“Good evening, Detective Inspector.”
“I will be gone for some days, perhaps a week.”
“Fuckface is smarter. ‘Get another one,’ he said.” She rolled her eyes. “Why recover anything then, except submarine blueprints and sex tapes? Even Interpol isn’t returning my calls. Everyone’s moved on. And I’m still looking for a damn pearl.”
“Sewing is an interesting occupation, Mister Grodman. Social, or at least the way Mrs. Hudson and Mrs. Turner practised it on their Wednesday nights as well as meditative. While stitching,” Holmes made a needle-and-thread motion with his hand, “Mrs. Turner’s mind was free to wander. To contemplate, to consider, to remember. And it so happened, as Morelake’s trial went on, despite the firm testimony she gave publicly, she began privately to question her recollections. And she began to sort what she had seen from what she had thought she had seen. Or been told, however directly or indirectly, she’d seen.”
When they’d all had a turn inside her, they became as solicitous as lady’s maids, cleaning her and straightening her dress and hair.
“I told you,” growled Lestrade as he licked the other side of Sherlock’s neck. “I told you he’d take us both and his brother like a fucking doll. He’s magic. He’s a bloody unicorn.”
Summary: Watson's tired of reading newspapers.
I received this curt missive from my brother, a bit of Shakespeare’s
She flashed her phone at Sherlock, who scowled.
“I wanted to participate in the gift exchange.”
It was a jigsaw puzzle, and the scene was El Greco’s
“Thank you for your help with Cossington.”
of such genuine and countenance-consuming awe.
I looked down at my erect prick and chuckled. “Apt. I’m filling as you speak.” Then I sniffed and added, “Holmes, I’m not usually ready again this soon, but…”
Stella released her grip on Sally’s arse and rolled on top of her. Sally slid her hands beneath Stella’s pyjama bottoms as Stella eased the strap of her pyjama top down. Sally kissed from breast to chin and back as Stella rut against her.
Sherlock shook his head. “I’m in-between places, as they say.”
“Like the world’s only consulting detective?”
] of my case-fic themed Advent Calendar. I'm keeping that collection at a T rating and putting the naughty leftovers here. Enjoy!
“Good. But I can do better.”
Summary: The murder of Mrs. Turner is avenged.
My cheeks warmed. “I’m surprised you noticed anything the state you were in, not that I blame you.”
Mycroft read the need for privacy in the darting gaze. He steered them towards an alley.
“A label was attached?”
“Goodness! Am I trespassing?”
“Yeah, but I could be your undiscovered country.”
“Oh, she was a temperance woman, was she?” asked Holmes.
“Your turn, Sherlock,” said John. His own prick was half-hard again. Mycroft began suckling it like a newborn, coaxing it slowly back to life, while Sherlock twisted one, then two, long fingers into his brother’s hole.
Sherlock pulled his cock out of Moriarty’s arse, only to sink it right back in, quick and slick and sure, until it was fully sheathed. The howling wind masked his roar and Moriarty’s cry.
“And what precisely did the devil put into your mind when you were defiling yourself in this manner?”
“Thank, Boss. There’s more, Molly.”
Rating: Gen
I’d never resisted Holmes’s beckon before, and I wasn’t about to now.
Lestrade grinned. “I like the sound of that.”
I opened my mouth, then closed it at his raised hand.
the DW November 2019 monthly prompt: saint.
The click means that your control over your own pleasure, your own desire, your own release is over.
“Well, come on, you gorgeous git, and take me.”
“Sir Prickness was extra odious tonight, wasn’t he, my dear?”
“It’s so foul that I bet the taste actually improves when it’s pissed out.”
For firecat who pointed out I hadn't done a gimlet yet. I thought this was for the DW flash fiction prompt: sports but that window closed Monday, so whoops.
The stiffness of my shoulder joints and back ebb, muscles warming as I move.
Seb nodded.
in gunmetal by Agent Provocateur. As always shopping for fictional characters' lingerie is my favourite kind of research.
A small red bubble appeared in the centre of the cut, which was no wider than Seb’s fingernail.
“Christ, you are something. All right, what’s on for today?”
“I wanted you here ages ago.”
Then there had been a tap on her shoulder and a hand outstretched in invitation.
“Nevertheless, it was a stretch for you, wasn’t it?”
“Three days. Fucking. Swimming,” Irene gestured to the pool, “fucking.”
Proud
“Let’s not bring Him into it, shall we? Head in the game, Sherly.”
“Donovan, listen.” Lestrade covered his phone with his hand. “John, this stuff lasts?”
Moriarty decides he wants to be a Girl Scout. Cracky smut.
The distance, though metaphorical, was necessary, or so I thought, and something in Holmes recognised that necessity, for he acquiesced to it without so much as a raised eyebrow.
“Oh, all right, yes. Yes, I love you. Satisfied?”
Pips.
“Sherlock?”
“Hmm?”
“It’s so hot, Daddy.”
He hadn’t noticed that his hand had slipped beneath Mycroft’s coat and suit jacket to what lay beneath.
Grodman accepted a Havana with alacrity.
I took it now.
“Detective Inspector.”
“So good, all forgiven. So good, all forgiven.”
The fingers massaging Molly’s temples were firm. With each circular caress, they seemed to press a bit deeper into her skull, easing the ache she’d quite forgotten, forgotten because there was an equally expert tongue circling her clit.
“Hmm. That will require a slightly different treatment, but I have an unguent for it as well. After an examination, of course.”
Pisco sour is pisco (a clear South American liquor), egg white, lemon juice, and sugar.
“Corpses are not cadavers, Mister Holmes,” said Sir Adrian Freke. “I’m certain you, and Doctor Watson, understand the distinction. The police have already questioned me about the disturbance of Lady Lilac Merridew’s grave. I swore to them that neither my students nor my colleagues were paying thieves, directly or indirectly, to provide them with dissecting specimens. Burke and Hare will haunt the study of medicine in England forever, it seems, but resurrection men are very much a thing of the past, for the simple fact that we’ve no need of them.”
“Not ostentation in any respect, and I’ve made certain that it can be worn discretely beneath the sleeve,” Holmes was saying as I studied it, “The design of the catch is my own. It has, that is to say, there is a second one, a mate, if you will, which, if you agreed, that is, I would wear whilst we’re apart.”
Then there was Reichenbach. And his return. And he thought he’d put Openshaw behind him, consigned that error in judgment to an index of many in a career that showed every sign of being a lengthy one.
“Mycroft’s a bloody genius.”
“Fancy a dry place for the night, love?” Mycroft/Sherlock. Daddy kink. Sex work.
“They waited for you,” said Holmes softly.
“There’s another two minutes,” said Sherlock.
And all the while, he was opening me, then mounting me, covering me with his body and burying himself deep inside me.
John hummed.
“Absolutely,” I said. “With this ring…”
Sherlock & John spend the night in a haunted bedroom at Christmas. Crack. Silly. Not very smutty. Rating: Teen.
“Wise, but tonight, rut all over me, come all over me, please,” pleads Mycroft.
Summary: Holmes describes his favourite moment of a case.
A suffering bastard is usually lime juice, ginger beer, bitters and a liquor (I've seen recipes with bourbon, cognac, or brandy).
“Especially when he begs.”
Sherlock looked up John and batted his eyelashes.
“That
“Hardly!” The front of my drawers confirmed this. “Get me out, Holmes!”
What I sought was a nice healthy gourd to bring back to Mrs. Hudson for turning into soup and pie and, a favourite of mine among the autumnal delicacies, toasted seeds.
For MacCoy, the stranger’s question took priority. He eyed his glass once more. “Make it a double.”
“Of course. Toby’s a chap. He’ll clean up.”
Mycroft wriggled out of his trousers. With his movements, the grey pin-stripe material fell, pooling at his feet. Mycroft stepped out of the trousers carefully and left them on the floor. He turned and looked over his own shoulder and studied his own arse in the mirror.  He shook his hips back and forth and bounced on his toes, enjoying the way his flesh jiggled and filled out the fabric. He rubbed his cheeks and bent over and spread them and ran a single index finger down the cleft. He shoved his hands in the knickers and squeezed.
Author's Note: for the monthly prompt "The March of Time," which is mentioned in the song, "A Fine Romance," which is from the 1936 film Swing Time. The song lyrics are in italics.
She hitched her skirt up to her waist and bent forward, offering him her sex.
Jim screamed. His body trembled and clenched ‘round the metal shaft.
Holmes continued. “Across the street, a pair of unsavory characters were putting crates of books and manuscripts in a wagon.”
“Has a mind of its own?” I suggested.
“A Cupcake Crème Frappuccino? Only the good ones.”
“Not rumor.” Lestrade stands, naked. “Why do think we’re so skilled at preparing unguents?”
London is replete with unwept, unknown Agamemnons, but as Horace rightly points out:
For SCFrankles. Dialogue only.
“Who indeed?”
“Thick. And he might like his pleasure, well, a bit rough. When he sees your handsome cleft on display and feels, oh, goodness, feels how hot and tight and sweet your hole is, he may, well, he may lose a bit of his professional demeanor. And become quite a beast, leave you somewhat mauled, bitten and scratched and squeezed and sodded to, perhaps, even quite shamefully, tearing.”
The first 100 words were written for the DW Advent Drabbles comm Day 10 prompt: gingerbread house.
Lestrade leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms over his chest. “And what do you want for said information, Mister Holmes?” He was smiling, too, now, and the fatigue and impatience which had so plagued him minutes before seemed to be rapidly on the ebb.
Molly stifled a smile.   “I haven’t been for a while. Work, you know?”
Additional Trouble
“At the centre of the garden is a fountain of pink glass. Flasks, bowls, test tubes, all manner of vessels for chemical researches. The fountain sits in a stream around which animals wander. There are creatures from other lands: giraffe, monkey, porcupine, lion, elephant. Cats and dogs, too. All manner of birds, great and small. And a swarm of bees.”
I smiled. I was even more brazen in my penchant for working half-clothed, though I always kept a shirt within reach, usually hung on the handle of a shovel or on a hook on the outside of the shed just in case anyone should arrive unexpectedly.
At few moments later, with a much-abused mouth, he kissed her neck and shoulders, kissed along her jawline, kissed up and over her chin, kissed the corners of her mouth, kissed her eyelids when they closed.
“Slow down,” teased Janine. “We’ve got time. The world has already ended, remember?”
I shake my head.
Wet flannels were batted away, but Sherlock persisted before turning the Omega over and sheathing his cock once more.
“Perhaps I wanted to make a point about the forensic importance of glitter.”
Title: Play Them as They Lay
Author's Note: for the LJ Holmes minor monthly prompt: temptations
I had caught sight of the icon on the far side of the room when Holmes did and for once in our long association, I believe that I drew the same conclusion he did, and at the same time.
As before, I imagined that I wouldn’t just lie with Holmes as the dearest of friends and companions. I would have loved him according to all the definitions of the word, that is, taken him into my body and put my still-living body into his lifeless one. That was where my grief had led me in those dark days: to reclaim my loss in the most tangible means imaginable. What cared I for taboos? My wife was dead. My friend was dead. I took my solace where I could find it.
Lestrade had been crawling about him for the better part of an hour, licking and sucking and rubbing, but keeping him wanting, never giving him the full friction he needed to find release.
“You know as well as I do, Holmes, that the Abernettys made the Borgias look like a picture of familial kindness, and if Abernetty Senior hadn’t paid everyone handsomely before he was helped to a swig from the ancestral distillery, they would certainly be just as famous for their ‘hospitality.’”
John put a hand on his wrist. “Ask her to put a case of bottled water and a case of Lucozade at the door. I’ll see Mrs. Hudson stays at her sister’s tonight. I’ll find the lube. All of it. And flannels.”
The centre of an oyster.
Characters/Pairing: Holmes/Watson, Mrs. Hudson
Holmes/Watson, Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson
“I’m sorry, my lad. The dreams, they’re getting worse. Why are they getting worse? They should be getting better.”
“Floor,” insists Lestrade, toeing off his shoes. When he begins to ease his trousers down, there is a gasp. Lestrade looks up and laughs.
His hand immediately went the front of his drawers. He rubbed his palm up and down and hummed and rolled his head back and forth against the pillow and hummed some more. He held the bulge a bit tighter, pressed his hand a bit closer, and decided: he would pleasure himself in the bed of Sherlock Holmes.
“Breakfast,” announced Sherlock, a tray in hand.
“Holmes!” I cried, grabbing the small note-book hidden beneath the one in his hand. “You’ve not been collecting or sorting! You’ve been drawing pictures of us, holding hands, as dear little bees!”
“Nope. Thankfully, they never do.”
And that will not happen.
“Oh, Watson,” said Holmes with a chuckle, “there are still many wonderful days ahead of us.”
“Gagging for it, aren’t you, love?”
I slipped behind the curtain and joined the figure on the window seat. Two fingers stole into my palm, and I instinctively closed a warming grip ‘round them.
“I was a dupe, Holmes. If you hadn’t arrived, that blighter Newman’s scheme would have worked perfectly. All that talk of a Spanish galleon!”
So he opens his arms. Mycroft slips between them.
“How about a clue?” Mycroft led Lestrade to the dining room. “I believe you are not averse to gin-based cocktails.”
I reply, “And how dreams, sometimes, come true.”
“You might if you could see to calling me ‘Greg’ one of these days.”
“What do you say? I’ll teach him to stay away from your sweet peas, I promise.”
“You look adorable.”
Oh, yes.
“You needn’t fret any longer, Mrs. Hudson. I’m done with it,” declared Sherlock. “I have proved without a doubt that Yoshiko’s stalker could, in fact, have lived inside a chair of those proportions. I have called the removal men. They will be here today to take it away.”
“Haven, asylum, sanctuary.”
Seb drained his cup. “Oh, do you want to lay a fire tonight?”
One session Lestrade pushed past his own limits. He was about to use his safeword when Mycroft beat him to it. Later, the aftercare, called ‘third act’ by the agency manual, was especially tender, and for the first time, Lestrade found himself taking Mycroft’s head in his hands and kissing him squarely on the mouth.
Watson’s lips curled into a smile of soft amusement, and Holmes knew his timing had been good when
“You flatter me. Shall I have you sobbing like a child in the chimney before the night’s out?”
“What’s this, Holmes?”
“Rough day at the office?”
“How in the bloody hell am I going to justify this trip to accounting?!” he grumbled. “They’ll think I’m on holiday!”
Sally giggled. “You’re gorgeous. And full of surprises. I had no idea we had so much in common. Films. Drinks.” Sally leaned down to mouth a pebbled nipple.
Gentle, tender, soft, his mind had urged while his muscles strained against themselves.
Molly leaned forward as Irene spread her legs and lifted her hips. They took turns lapping and licking until they had both come again.
“Oh, that’s simple,” he replied. As he pushed by her, a long scaly tail whacked Molly across the chest.
Perineum sunning is on the agenda of the outdoor couples' retreat. Johnlock. No smut. Crack. Not even slash, really. Rating: Teen. Dialogue-mostly.
Sherlock nodded eagerly.
“Oh, I’m not wearing any.”
“Suck my prick, please. I need your mouth! I’m so hard. Make me come.”
“Quickly.”
“Yes, thank you, Detective Inspector.”
Length: 500
“A goldfish. How delightful.”
You know, I don’t really have a plan for tonight.
“Yes, I quite like it.”
Summary: Isaiah 11:6: "...and a little child shall lead them."
“Hmm. You’re right. Give it a minute.”
John snorted. “What’s he wearing now?”
“I am quite sure there are no other blokes like you, John. And just stare?”
“—who wants to escape a prickle of idiots! She’ll offer to escort you to the nearest heat facility.”
“Hey!” shouted the guard, grabbing him by the front of his shirt and stopping his flight. “What’s—?”
The bathroom door is pushed open. The shower is started.
“You’re affected,” I said, reaching to stop his flight. “Let me aide you in your relief.”
Martha found Marie ensconced in a large leather armchair with a high rounded back. She quickly took the matching vacant chair beside it, setting the small ‘reserved’ placard on the small table between them.
Bound in bright green cord, however, they did resemble a hanging flower planter, which had been feeble reason that she and Irene had given the tradesmen for needing a sturdy set of hooks and pulleys installed in the centre of the guest bedroom ceiling.
“Worth every penny!”
“Shagging on the rug! Where’s Sherlock and John? Should I make an arrest? Or two? Call for back-up? Oh, uh, by the way, here.”
“I’ve made a decision for the New Year, Holmes, a resolution.”
A song filled the air.
The tentacle rubbed the side of Lestrade’s face.
“For not hiding it any longer. Now, I observe, Holmes, and I see. Us, here.” I stretched my arms wide, then leaned closer to kiss him.
“And what is there for you, Mister Holmes?”
“Bastards!” He wiped his brow. “I’m poached already!”
“Oh, well.” I blushed. “If you insist.”
Must be the Seasoning of the Witch
Mycroft picks Sherlock up from a fancy dress party. Mycroft/Sherlock. Oral. Anal. Car sex.
Sherlock groaned. One eye fluttered open.
My pleas went unrecognised, unacknowledged, perhaps, unheard.
“You forgot this.”
Oral sex. Blindfolded John.
Sherlock could describe the process in detail if he wanted. But he didn’t want.
“You don’t honestly think, John, as drunk as I was, that I could get us into Barts morgue freezer without being caught, well,” Sherlock shot a look at Molly, “I mean, almost without being caught. I had to sober up. Tonic water’s all bite, no bark.”
I brought him to my chest.
“Christ, do you mean…?”
“Yeah.” But as John instinctively sank his hands in his jacket pocket, his fingers brushed something that hadn’t been there before. He pulled out a silver cigarette lighter engraved with an elaborate ‘SH.’
“Whore, remember?”
Mention of a gruesome murder method.
Egad, fortune did, indeed, favour the prepared!
“But Gorman had one?”
Lestrade raised an eyebrow and grinned. “Crystal blue waters?”
Seb found his lover unsurprisingly loose.
Mycroft’s eyes were closed, and he was sucking as hard as the muscles of his mouth would permit. His hands filled with the flesh of two round, plump arse cheeks, which he squeezed, as his fingertip continued to tease the edges of an orifice.
This was his division.
“Detective Inspector, despite all indications, some of which I admittedly take pains to cultivate, I’m not an alien. Or a plant. I do take my nourishment in the regular fashion at the conventional hours. And I would greatly enjoy breakfasting with you tomorrow.”
“Hi. Forgot my brolly, and it’s going to rain any second.”
Rating: Gen
“The floorplan of the venue hosting the orgy. Here are the fire exits. Here’s where the first aid stations will be. Here,” Stanley opened a binder, “are the shift rota of the volunteer staff for security,” he flipped a page, “entertainment, and medical assistance.”
Author's Note: for the Holmes Minor August prompt (small moment of happiness)
A match was lit and then a candle.
The sex had been good, really good, even-for-them good. Deep and filthy and amazingly prolonged.
“Of course.”
Written for the July 2016 Watson's Woes 04 prompt: the Four Horsemen.
“Keep it locked up, eh?”
“Wow! Thanks!” She took the drink from him and had a long draw from the green straw. “Nice. I’ve been wanting to try these. Uh, I’m afraid I’m a bit busy. I had an unexpected delay earlier and I’m behind.”
“John Watson.”
“Lube!”
He flew out the door.
“You might have the same number of hours, but you do more with them than many people. Your brain works faster, for starters.”
“The best.”
“Gregory?”
I turned and looked at him.
A nervous laugh followed.
“He’ll kill you in just minute,” moaned Seb.
“Sherlock, are you okay?” called John over Stamford's exasperated shoulder.
“Demon.”
Title: The quickness of the 'and
“Mycroft.”
It was a ghastly night to be in a graveyard, but Holmes, naturally, would settle for nothing but examining the scene with his own eyes and without delay, and I felt obliged to accompany him despite the unsavoury elements.
by Myra M. Banks
a low apostle
gives 'patience' as the meaning of the ox-eye, which is an American daisy, white with yellow centre. According to the label,
“Stirring?”
Margaret sat up and leaned over and kissed Martha’s lips. “Let’s clean all this up.”
I kissed his sweat-damp temple, then eased myself very carefully out of him and off the table.
The coffee table crashed.
“How much?” asked Sherlock.
“It makes me ache. It makes me…want to sculpt a prize-winning replica of your pussy out of meringue.”
“What’s that?”
“Yes,” said Margaret with a self-conscious chuckle. “I ordered quite a bit extra, so I wouldn’t have to worry about tomorrow.”
Then Seb pulled out and twisted at the waist and took the shot out of the window.
Sherlock hummed contentedly. He curled a hand round Mycroft’s neck and relaxed into Mycroft’s arms.
“Can’t it be both?”
Related to the previous chapter. Two more interlinking chapters are planned.
The Case for a Driftwood Fire
“I’m that predictable?” he asked when she was in earshot.
“Poorly received by me?” I asked.
Length: 500
John eyed the enormous plush animals that decorated the games booth.
is gin, vermouth, Cointreau, and absinthe.
Modesty? Shame?
“Five.  Here’s what’s going to happen.”
“And making people uncomfortable.”
Author's Note: For the Older Not Dead prompt: your dreams are trying to tell you something. And the May prompt: flowers. Photos of the flowers that inspired the fic
“It’s what I do: snake charm.”
“Are those young men—?”
It means the reins are in my hands. The crop, too. Or any other implement I fancy.
“Gregory.”
“Yes, yes. That’s wonderful. Now put your pants on.”
“On the contrary, I would say you were
“In?”
For a moment, the only noise in the room was the crackling of the fire, and the only movement, the other side of the quilt slipping down the settee.
He took it with a grunt and, in a few moments, was sliding a slicked prick into her.
Mycroft huffed a laugh.
John reached for the lube and slicked himself.
Those grey eyes, will I ever tire of them?
He sighed into the darkness.
Summary: Watson tries his hand at a bit of croquet.
“Can you touch me? Oh, God, you already are, aren’t you?”
“Oh, hush, or I’ll sink some parsley in your butter.”
“Yes, indeed. Now, let’s hear what plans you have for the garden.”
“Absolutely not. How it is that you look so dewy-fresh and I’m here melting into a niffy puddle?”
Victor Trevor scrambled out of the water and joined Holmes on the towel. “All of it, head and heart and body,” said he in his usual baritone. “Listen, mate, maybe you don’t see it, but most of the world is moths, born moths, die moths, and spend their mothy lives bumping against screens and lights and windows without knowing why, but you, you sir, are a butterfly. Born to transform, born to inspire poetry, wonder, extraordinary things.”
A ticket for us each.
“Woo-hoo!”
“Holmes…”
It was certain what Holmes had wanted but he'd never, as far as he knew, gave voice to that want.
“Soldier. Doctor. Not a lot surprises me, Holmes.”
A wave of fatigue-tinged wonder overwhelmed me, and my next sigh was more of a groan.
Tears welled in my eyes.
Mycroft didn’t realise he’d spoken the last aloud until a hummed reply sent a delicious shock of vibration through his body. The head was bobbing now, meeting his thrusting, drawing his cock a deeper with every push.
John blinked. He was relieved. And hard. And ashamed. And…
Sherlock pouted. And twerked.
Watson smiled. “Not at all. Anstruther is taking over my rounds this morning. I think I shall escape into one of my Clark Russell stories where the only calamities are fictional shipwrecks, storms, and sea monsters!”
Stella smiled. “I know you’re supposed to drink it at parties, but this Christmas, well…”
“Quick shower and you can call me, and do with me, what you please.”
“Sure, Gramps,” said the attendant.
…familiar.
Watson,
He was still smiling so I laughed. “Tell me about it.”
You inhaled. “For once, you smell more Alpha than tobacco, Holmes.”
“Oh, shit, Sherlock. I really have to…”
for DW September 2021 Holmes Minor monthly prompt. The case is Agatha Christie's "Ingots of Gold."
“No?”
“Quite relevant, my dear Watson, because I predict that your gift will ruin your mouth for human kissing for some time. Happy anniversary.”
“That’s my favourite of John’s jumpers. It smells the most like him, even when he’s not wearing it.”
“I know some people call you the Iceman, Mister Holmes.” Lestrade twisted the top of the thermos flask.
Holmes looked at his pocket watch, then back towards the cottage. “Shall we take a turn ‘round the garden then?”
“For what it’s worth, Sherlock…” said a voice from the darkness.
“He’s on his way. When I say ‘run,’ run.”
The name that haunted Holmes well into his later career wasn’t Norbury or even Reichenbach.
White-knuckled grip on the arms of the chair. A cry.
Mycroft’s hand came down to his own buttock and lifted it slightly.
“So this really is a book of spells and those three forgers really were a Satanic cult?”
A spread of cards was on the table.
“I just sent you the papers,” said Jim.
Holmes tilted his head, more as if in contemplation of the fine Sunday morning laid out in front of them than Watson’s lament. “Your moustache is still as distinguished as ever,” he offered lightly. Then he took one of Watson’s hands in his and squeezed. “Changes are inevitable, Watson.”
John ran until she crashed into the dark wool coat.
Irene turns her head, sinks her cheek into the fluffy pink duvet.
“You know, sucking your gorgeous prick wasn’t the birthday gift I’d planned,” remarked John as they set themselves to rights. He tapped his phone and flashed the screen at Sherlock. “This was your surprise, but the case—.”
“Yes,” I said, matter-of-factly.
“And if you want to be there or watch it or even know it’s happening or it’s happened, you let me know.”
“Hmm?”
This Omega’s left shoulder was disappointingly unscarred.
I was!
Sherlock nodded to the armchair. Jim sat.
“Oh, Mrs. Hudson!” cried Bessie.
“Yes, please. I kiss your stomach, too. Wrists, elbows. Nipples, of course, sucking, licking, biting.”
“Yes, yes, I’ve read the monograph many times,” I teased.
Then I begin to carefully scrape away the leaves.
That is the aim. Blankness. And then, the rebooting.
“So that’s it,” I said.
Watson in the bath. Warbling Watson in the warm, warm bath. The steam rising, enveloping. The water rippling, splashing, caressing his nude…
“I wanted some privacy. And to afford him the opportunity for him to bespoil me of my virtue as he had Lord St. Simon of his treasure.”
“Go on. It’s yours.”
She almost tripped getting out of the boat, but he caught her and twirled her in his arms.
Measure of Madness
“Oh, Watson!” Holmes protested, rising out of his chair slightly, then collapsing back.
As they shrugged out of their clothing, Sherlock ran his hands over the fading seams. “You are one sexy bastard, especially now that you’ve hair.”
I peered into the offered glass. It gave off a marvelously cold breath of air and was full of little red orbs.
Molly smiled and pulled her jumper over her head. “Bed?”
Sherlock took the bait at once. “Only one way to find out.”
“It’s a false pregnancy a pseudo-pregnancy, psychosomatic, if you prefer,” explained Stamford. “Your body is tricking itself into producing the pheromones. I am certain I can reverse it, but the serum has to be developed to your precise pheromonal make-up, and that is going to take some time, and in the meanwhile, I'm afraid your body is going to going through the motions of being pregnant.”
The moon waxes and wanes but not my desire. To pull you. To push you. Like the tide.
Molly sank her finger in dark hair and turned her head. She kissed Jim’s mouth. Wet, open, sloppy lips slid against each other while Seb supported Molly’s torso with his hands. He bent his head to kiss her breasts.
When the blindfold was tied, John heard movement and a strange sound.
Not as prey.
“Every moment is a teachable moment, John.”
They fell upon her, one on each side, suckling. Each also hooked an arm under one of her knees as she spread her legs as wide as possible, opening herself to let the cool night air shock the most sensitive part of her.
And then Sherlock was on her back, looking up into John’s grinning face. Then she was closing her eyes, reveling in John’s playful licking of her face.
“Cadavers, not corpses. He himself told us that.”
“Here, John. Please, I can’t wait. Put it in me, please.”
Much later, as Holmes sat as still as could be managed when being bandaged and poultice and stitched back together, his eyes, without any movement of his head, met Watson’s.
Truly, even in a bed twice the size of the one in which we were sleeping, it would have gone against my nature to stray far from him. I have always been drawn to his warmth and his beauty.
“Are you saying I stink?”
Summary: After a long day on one of Holmes' errands, Watson is peckish. The image is here on DW [
In a few minutes, he was greeted by a slightly slurred voice.
“Ooo! Sangría. I could bathe in that right now.”
Molly shivered. “I have to come ten more times before you’ll fuck me?”
I focused my eyes. My heart leapt.
“Seb.”
Jim snorted and took the card and added it to the ones in his hand. “How did it go?”
Oh, well, thought Mycroft. The hour chimed the arrival of his Latin tutor, and he drowned himself in his studies.
Gregory grabbed a sandwich and bit. “Pimento cheese? My favourite! How can you beat cheese, mayo, and pimentos?”
“I am a well-travelled man. Your fascination is not as unusual as you suspect. It does not repulse me. In fact,” I nodded, “join me beneath that willow and you can touch—and be touched—to your heart’s desire. Or is observation your only fancy?”
John laughed. “Which of the four honeys tastes the best from someone else’s lips?”
“Not everybody loves you.” Molly huffed. “Norris said that orchids were ‘pussy flowers.’”
I immediately quash a spark of feral jealousy and concern myself with the puzzle at hand.
There were tall, deep windows at the end of a very dark passage, and I brushed past a pair of bony knees I thought I knew.
She spread her legs wide, showing off the dark, damp centre of her red knickers.
“This is for you, my dear,” I said, pulling out a gold chain and pendant. “Saint Fiacre.”
Truth!
“There are four bags left. When do we have to be at this party?”
“Jury’s still out on how much reason you actually employ on a routine basis.”
“To you, always.”
Monster. It doesn’t seem Molly’s style.
“Are you going to kill me?” he breathed.
Where had that come from? Ridiculous. Plenty of people swam, like that creature in the lane beside him who looked like he was born in the water.
She shimmied, shaking her bare breasts at the crowd, then felt hands come ‘round to cup them.
“Music. Music can be a refuge.”
“Holmes, there’s something in there. Do you know what it is?”
“The tea’s weak. But compared to Mrs. Hudson’s, anything—”
“Which wasn’t by the ocean, as he thought, but rather at the bottom of it.”
“I am! Oh, I am! Oh, thank God you’ve found me at last!”
could seduce
“No. The
“The identity of Jack the Ripper.”
Sherlock approached. His eyebrows rose.
Molly, eyes still closed, hummed her assent. “So full,” she murmured. “S’great.”
'Verse: ACD
But he did, in fact, have a light.
Until finger brushed my free hand. They were also cold, but not as cold as the ones still in my grasp.
“When a senior member of Scotland Yard, my brother, and his closest associate disappear dressed as butterflies—”
Content Notes: Holmes/Watson. Angst with a happy ending. Pre-retirement. Mentions of mutual masturbation.
“Thrice, Sister Beatrice.”
“I didn’t kill him,” said a voice from the door.
Lestrade slammed into John over and over. He came with a loud grunt and immediately pulled out.
Molly let that go. “Couldn’t wait?”
“I am going inside.”
“Then it’s my turn,” said John with a wicked grin. He and Lestrade exchanged places, so that John might stand before Sherlock, who was on his knees, sucking each prick as it presented itself.
“Is that my Vindaloo?” called a voice.
Characters/Pairings: Lomax/Lestrade; Holmes/Watson
He started violently.
“Can’t say, Molly, but you’re no fool. Drink while you wait?”
“You may not be able to be photographed, Watson, but you can certainly be sketched. And see? I’m right. The glint. The jaw. The brow. They are all still there.”
She laughed and hopped up on the desk, unbuttoning her dress and pulling the sides apart.
One corner of John’s mouth lifted.
John stared at Sherlock, then at the milk. Then, after depositing the carton in the refrigerator, he slowly sank down to floor, hitting his knees then bending forward until his head rested on a cool spot of lino in front of Sherlock’s shoes.
“Sherlock.”
Then John turned away and coughed.
“John!”
“FUCK!” Molly coughed before writhing through a second orgasm.
“Rest, Watson. Mrs. Hudson’s away, and I am at home to no one.”
“My memory is fine! But the intimacy described is bestowed upon me by an unnamed man with a handsome moustache!”
Jim’s voice was harsh and weak. His body was covered in sweat and trembling.
Mycroft obliged, then looked up.
Seb and Jim exchanged glances.
A Hot Nun is Frangelico, honey, cloves, lemon peel, and hot water.
“You’ve had a long day, and you need something to take the edge off. A warm, wet mouth round your cock, sucking you off, giving you what you need. You don’t want to be bothered with names or faces or all the rest of it. You’re too tired for that. The world is full of tiresome people, and you just want to get off. You see a hole in a wall, and it’s so tempting. You know that on the other side is a perfect mouth waiting to give you exactly what you need.”
And, now, when he’d finally decided to do something, to make a plan, he’d bumped into Gregory by chance and just made things worse.
The evenings when they’d been too distracted, laughing or crying or coughing, to do much. The evenings when they’d worked in silence like ants on the campaign. The talents of each and the histories. The lost loves and the perennial comforts. The crosses they bore and the joys that gave them wings.
Length: 221b
Molly threw her head back and arched her back. She drew her hands up her chest and squeezed her own breasts as Irene toyed with her clit and the damp folds of her cunt.
“Yes, ma’am.”
John calls a phone sex line. Johnlock. Phone sex.
“An ice cream cake.”
It was an evening in late October when, upon depositing my dinner before me, Berkshire, even more swiftly and silently than was his custom, removed himself, leaving me to my consternation.
Sherlock pushes himself to his knees. About to topple forward onto John, he reaches an arm out. Something steadies him. The bedsheet’s been drawn away, and he’s free to decorate John’s arse with come like he wants.
Prompt: A plan goes awry.
“But Holmes I remember how the song began. ‘A rose for joy in rain and dew…”
“I’m mailing a big box of this stuff back to the flat.”
I write these few lines through the courtesy of this pneumonia of mine. The rattling cough, the shortness of breath, the heavy weight on my chest have all abated long enough for me to gather my thoughts, a pen, and this sheet of paper.
“I want a Long Island Iced Tea, John.”
“Then why not let me help you?” asked the figure in the doorway.
Author's Note: For the Holmes August prompt: small moments of happiness
And with that, the old man scurried behind the counter, through a curtain, and was seen no more.
“I’m Puck!”
There was the Detective Inspector, in the doorway, looking at Mycroft via the reflection of the teapot, and there, in the umbrella stand, beside Mycroft’s own umbrella, Rocinante, was the crazy yellow one.
Rating: G
And they danced.
“Lemon. Honey. Ginger. Whiskey.”
I wanted very much that your last memory of me to be of me smiling, waving good-bye, then returning to my garden. Remember my warmth, not this coldness that grips me and will not let go. Remember my voice calling out, strong, not this horrid gurgling. Remember my colour, not my greyness.
“It’s been a while?”
“Okay, that’s it.”
Sherlock swallowed his cock.
Lestrade’s nostrils flared, and he rolled his eyes. “Crawford?”
“Seb?”
A Nelson's Blood cocktail is Cognac VSOP and ruby port.
“Hungry?”
Mycroft stood.
“Not still sore from the hike?”
It was the second time I’d uttered those words in what was shaping up to be an interminable return journey to Baker Street. The hansom cab had slowed to stop again, this time as a result of road upheaval rather than an overturned brougham. Another detour and another delay seemed inevitable.
“Sorry to wake you, luv.”
from being
“This is nice and cosy,” said Molly as Seb slid atop her in the sleeping bag.
A Kir Royale is champagne and crème de cassis (black currant liquor). Tasty!
by Hieronymus Bosch.
“Not getting killed is wasting time?”
“Oh, baby.”
“No,” said Molly, frowning. “Sherlock had some tonic water in a flask.”
Mycroft sat in the far armchair and untied his shoes. He stored them at the base of the valet beside a pair of black stilettos.
“I thought it would spoil the mood.”
“If so, I’ll be the one praying for clouds,” muttered Sherlock.
“Does that mean I can stop tidying?”
“Really?! Hear that, Sherlock? Stanley’s in charge!”
“Very naughty to steal from a goblin, Mister Holmes.”
“I don’t know, Seb. They’re just sweets.”
“That was just an aperitif.” His hands dropped to caress her breast, smooth her belly, then pet the V of hair between her legs.
He wants to taste that pre-come so badly that he closes his eyes again and whimpers.
Lestrade grinned.
“That’s me. Getting hard?”
Length 430
“By the looks of it, tromping through the middle of nowhere at the crack of arse in the morning!”
“Hector gave me tomorrow off, too. Something about shock. He actually suggested I contact a therapist.”
Holmes turned the skull so that I might see its interior.
Martha raised her eyebrows and gave a nod towards the hall.
“I’m going to join the Girl Scouts.”
Title: My Holmes' eyes are nothing like the moon.
“Ready, Doctor Watson?”
“No one is driving!” cried John.
“Oh! OH!”
“John.”
“What does ‘glitter’ have to do with finding our Bad Guy needle in this Club-on-a-Saturday-Night haystack, Sherlock? Any luck spotting him on your side? I’m drawing a blank here.”
Mycroft felt his pleasure pool, white and hot, in his groin. Releasing the dildo, he took the knickers from his mouth and brought them to his prick.
“And the side effects of my efforts are,” Sherlock pressed his lips together and grimaced, “becoming exceedingly unpleasant. Stanford said he might be able to find someone to help. That would be you.”
She just had time to go home, book Toby into the cat spa, and make it to the airport.
A Vampire Juice is a version of a Bloody Mary with vodka, tomato juice, horseradish sauce, steak sauce, and hot sauce. It is garnished with a 'eyeball' (a radish with a pimento-ed green olive in the centre).
“Had you noted the fireman’s name was ‘Anderson,’ your suspicions might have been aroused.”
He rose up and moved closer.
“Seb!”
Watson spoke with delicious coquettishness.
Moriarty peeked into the empty cell. “You’re conducting the search yourself.”
“Yes, please. Oh, Doctor.”
“—and YouTube.”
Mycroft looked up.
“Thank you for taking care of everything.”
Jim laughed and rolled back atop her, singing, “Bella…"
But there was only one winner.
“Yes, Molly. Sea air, you know.”
“Demonic possession from cursed snuff?” suggested Holmes between puffs.
“Well, it is my point of reference.” Molly kisses down Irene’s belly to her mons. She brushes what little hair has been allowed to remain and kisses the cleft. “Hello, beautiful,” she coos.
“Something like that.”
“Kidnapped, once, twice, I can’t recall.”
“I thought similar about myself. But then I ask, ‘Wasn’t I unworthy of the misery, too?’ and banish notions of worth. I’d rather set my mind to deciding if that cloud there,” I pointed, “looks more like a sea creature or a spleen.”
Their pricks lurched and spat.
Not truly lost, but separated from John, which is lost. Sherlock lost John in the London fog. Cliché, except for the panic that gripped Sherlock, a panic that he saw reflected in John’s face the moment before voices, eyes, hands touched.
“Oh, fuck, Jim! Are you telling me that this crazy plan is all is about one-upping that bastard! You’re going to get us killed because—mmph!”
“Boss, the Brownies! Watch your language!”
Jim was thrusting up into Seb’s mouth when Seb quickly pulled off and sat back.
Heat rose in John’s cheeks.
“Would you like to…?”
“Oh, I will.”
“Mm.”
Perhaps feeling Molly’s stare, they turned to her. One beckoned.
And with that, all hell broke loose.
There was a soft cough, then a baritone voice asked politely, “Would Madame like to put up her feet? Or perhaps a fine Havana cigar?”
“No doubt, but my desire is that you yourself leave behind such knowledge if it disturbs you. Bury it here, and we shall never speak of it again. Are you able to do that for me, Watson?”
“I’ve got to get an early start tomorrow, but we’ve got tonight.”
“You’re extraordinary.” John kissed the wet streaks on Sherlock’s face. “Amazing.” Kiss. “Fantastic.” Kiss. “Nothing will change that.”
“Yeah, I’m not in danger of losing my glass slipper tonight.”
“You’re my emergency contact, too,” grumbles Sherlock in John’s ear.
“You have no idea how hard I’ll work!”
“I believe you are doing the sodding,” teased Holmes. “I am merely the sodded.” He wriggled his bottom.
“Difficult not to. Your shirt buttons deserve the Victoria Cross for courage in the face of the impossible odds of keeping your torso covered.”
“Uh, no, in my head.”
“Deal.”
“I was continuing my study of glitter. I was mixing it with other media and doing some tests on the changes in its properties.”
“What?”
Sherlock leaned into John’s petting hand. “There’s champagne,” he purred before letting the towel fall.
“Whatever you say, sister.”
Sherlock groaned. “Until dawn.”
“Slowly?”
The hands moved back to her bush, holding her open. She felt cool air, then a wide tongue, not moving, not licking, just covering her clit like blanket.
Mature for anal sex
Once a tale was told, however, the bit did not go back in the jar. Some were scattered about the corners of the cottage, many were returned outdoors, and the gem of the lot—Watson had laughed until he wept at the bawdy tale, which had, as Holmes anticipated, appealed to the his basest and noblest selves simultaneously—was at that moment in Watson’s trouser pocket.
He rose.
“My Queen,” said Jim, casting a look of undisguised adoration at her. “Always anticipating our wants and needs. I’ll admit I wasn’t prepared for how much I enjoy watching you taking Sebbie like the naughty tart he’s always been.”
“Phobia rare—”
Before breakfast was even spoken of, however, we had another visitor.
Sherlock snatched the invitation from John’s hand.
“Let’s change that. How ‘bout I buy your last drink for you?”
“Holmes! If a ‘Miss Amaryllis’ has been toying with your affections, I’ll rip their tongue out!”
“Is it logical, my dear man?”
She eyed the umbrella.
Sometimes it was telly and takeout, like everyone else. And sometimes it was being whisked away and sipping rye in a strange country, like no one, ever.
“Oh, do. I would ask for the recipe if there was any hope of getting it.”
Continuation of the previous chapter, which gives the backstory of the pants.
I wrenched my gaze away from the sofa and discovered the instrument in question standing in the corner of the room.
Greg grinned. “I knew as soon as we got them here, got a couple of—“
You’re half-sunk into your cup, so I toss a mildly censorious glance your way.
“Kinky bastards.”
As Sherlock suckled John anew, John arched his back and pushed into Sherlock’s mouth, his body begging for more. His hands went to the front of his own trousers and opened them.
“Great idea,” said Seb as he quickly bound the boss to the second set of rings. “I’m going to go have another piece of cake.”
Lestrade shrugged. “Why the hell not?”
Mycroft grunted.
The three of them looked on, unblinking, as the corner square of the quilt, the one which held the tangle of red poppies, rose up and concealed the horror-stricken face of a murderer.
“Me and about a thousand other people.”
“Really. Is that not why you killed Arthur Constant? And then Marie Turner when she realised what you had done?”
“I’ve time,” said Mycroft coyly. He twisted in Lestrade’s arms and reached a hand back, feeling Lestrade’s half-hard prick tenting his pyjama trousers.
You lean forward.
As I crossed into the darkened sitting room, he stood and replied, “Mrs. Hudson is at her sister’s—”
“In a role that suits your nature,” clarified Holmes.
“Yeah, brides have to say that. It’s tradition. Sort of like…”
Mint julep is bourbon and simple syrup over crushed ice with mint sprigs. It's the traditional cocktail served at the most popular horse-racing event in the US, the Kentucky Derby.
“I need to think!”
“John.” There was far too much caution in Sherlock’s tone.
Initially, Mrs. Hudson did not know what had spurred the gentlemen upstairs to announce they were taking possession of her kitchen that Sunday. She hadn’t dared to ask. She’d supposed it had been a bet, but who’d won and who’d lost, she couldn’t have said. As it was, Mister Holmes and Doctor Watson were of equal temper about the meal they were planning to prepare.
He gave Mycroft a look that was a match to tinder.
There was an exchange of perfunctory nods, then a long, heavy silence as they made their way through the city.
I was fussed over by Holmes for the better part of the day, that is, during the periods when I wasn’t dozing before the fire, but if I had known what was on the horizon, barreling down with the cottage front door as target, I would’ve relished the attention, and quiet, more.
Lestrade squatted and began to rub Mycroft’s nipples through the lace with his thumbs. Then he pinched. He got to his knees and followed with his mouth, licking then biting. Mycroft’s chest heaved and his skin broke out in blushes, gooseflesh, then sweat.
Mycroft snorted.
John giggled.
“I love the bubble bath. Thank you, Daddy.”
A gust howled through the trees. Sherlock threw himself on John, covering him as golden fruit rained down around them.
Mycroft raised his umbrella in invitation, and the figure dashed through the curtains of rain which separated them.
“Gregory?”
“I know, I know,” I said wearily.
Sally buried her face between Janine’s legs and brought her off with lips and tongue and deft fingers. Then she wiped her face on the inside of Janine’s thigh and stood. “I’ve got another surprise,” she said. She unzipped her leather jacket.
“Yeah, well, grief will do that. Don’t mention it, Sherlock. Please,” said John.
SMACK! SMACK!
“Fuck!” exhaled Molly when Irene began to suckle.
“It might be difficult,” said Mycroft.
“Damn it, Holmes!”
Sherlock throws that damn glitter on everybody. Sherlock/John/Lestrade/Mycroft. Warnings for incest & drugged sex. And sex in a bee costume. :) Oral sex. Rimming. Come play.
He pulled out the book.
John slid atop Sherlock.
“You met him yesterday and since yesterday you’ve moved in with him and now you’re solving crimes together. Might we expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?”
“Oh, very well,” sighed Sherlock in defeat.
“Yes?”
“Mycroft, please.”
“What?” I asked, coughing and waving at the smoke. “Good Lord, Holmes! Your eyebrows!”
“Please don’t stop, Gregory.”
Title: A Country Bed.
“I loved Eddie,” said MacCoy. Even to say the words aloud was a relief. “Loved him with all my might. The world is empty without him. Empty and cruel. I suppose the brother told you I was a bad influence on him and maybe I was in the beginning but, as God is my witness, I never loved anyone more, You don’t know what it’s like to love a boy like I loved my beautiful, wicked Eddie.”
“After…”
John pulled off, and Sherlock decorated the front of a lower cabinet and floor with his come.
“Inside you, inside you, haunting you,” he whispered, “just as you haunt me.”
“Tricked me into, my dear man.”
Content Notes: Angst; Holmes/Watson (pining); AU with regard to timeline, esp. Watson/Mary; Turkish bath; rum; tattoos; mention of morphine use; references to "A Scandal in Bohemia."
I snort.
“Of course?!”
“I’m doubly sorry you didn’t even finish your drink. I like an old fashioned myself.”
An ink bomb is cuttlefish ink, Greek brandy, and sweet and sour mix.
“Good fortune for both of us,” he said as he unfastened his trousers and freed his prick.
“Malaria,” I mumbled. “Fever.”
“No you won’t!”
Then his chest began to throb. Then his ribs cracked of their own accord and spilt a vermillion anguish.
“Yes, indeed.”
“The smell,” she groaned. “Fried death.”
“But this receptacle?”
“Yeah,” agreed Mary, putting her hands on either side of Janine, the better to lift her upper body and grind her lower body into Janine’s.
“I’d prefer to take you home for a hot drink and a change of clothes. You must be,” Mycroft turned his head and gave Sherlock a sweeping glance, “cold.”
“Perhaps, for he did not charge me a single coin for his work.”
“Fuck, yeah. Mount my horse-hung ginger stallion. Ride him hard and put him up very, very wet. Sorry, luv,” the endearment was punctuated with a nip to Mycroft’s shoulder, “I can’t wait.”
“I’m ready to resume, sir.”
Watson set the glass on the small table beside the settee and took his place in the vacant armchair.
The absinthe masked ball.
And, what’s more, I have spellbound audience for every performance, one whose wild applause forms the small moment of happiness which is the point of flood in the tide in the affairs of this lucky man which leads onto so much fortune.
Sherlock licked a stripe up Mycroft’s hard shaft through the fabric of his pants. “Let him piss all over you?”
tears.”
Sherlock’s nuzzled, then licked.
A Moscow Mule is vodka, ginger beer, lime over ice in a copper mug. Also known as a vodka buck.
Mycroft countered, “I’m not in the habit of accepting sexual favours under any circumstances, but…”
and there are many other talented creators offering their services as well.
Careful to avoid Watson’s observation, he went to Waterloo Bridge, to the very landing-place where Openshaw must’ve tipped into the river. In the beginning, he went during the day, but there came a night in September, a dark, stormy night that so echoed the night that Openshaw had, unknowingly, abandoned the warm haven of 221B Baker Street for his watery grave that Holmes could not resist the call of his ghostly burden. Watson was, fortunately, paying home visits.
“Um, hello?”
Mycroft fumbled with his tie, only managing to loosen it before he ceded management of his undressing. He widened his stance, the better to receive Lestrade’s dry thrusting, which did not cease with the untying and unbuttoning and untucking.
“John!”
Lestrade gave a nod and a wave at the chair in front of his desk and collapsed with weary resignation back into his own chair.
I haven't been doing many Cheers ficlets for Kinktober so I'm thinking maybe I'll just extend things and making it Kinktember, too! :)
Molly took the white foamy beverage and ushered him inside. “Internet’s not working, but I can’t tell what’s wrong.”
Rating: G
“Oh, Martha! Is this your tandoori?”
He sighed heavily and repeatedly and enjoyed the afterglow for some moments, then he sighed even more heavily and opened his eyes and picked up the lube and his shirt and began to mop himself up.
John began flicking the tip of his tongue back and forth over Sherlock’s rim.
“Fleeing the scene of the crime? Yes, please notify the kettle-cide division.” She held up a malodorous specimen.
After an awkward one-night stand and a month of silence, Mycroft and Lestrade finally work things out (thanks to a certain virus). Quarantined!Lestrade. Mystrade. Phone sex. Dialogue only.
Jim’s eye caught the flicker at the window, and what happened next happened very quickly and very quietly.
“You have a better suggestion?”
Your hands caress my spine until you reach the top of my trousers.
A sailor. A mutineer. A marooned castaway. A sailor again, now, captain of his own vessel, which stretched the width of his arms and length of his body.
Lestrade sighed. “Where is he?”
“Don’t remind me,” I whined, then added, trying to soften my complaint, “The salt in it does make pretty sparks.”
“Your instincts were spot-on, Watson.”
John stared, slack-jawed.
“Sherlock.” Then he added weakly. “You might want to go.”
“Sod me?”
“Yours is the much more difficult course, Holmes.”
“Sherlock!”
apex or apogee)
Summer nights are wretchedly short. No sooner has Sherlock washed off the day’s slumber (the presence of coffin dust on Sherlock’s bare body persists in disturbing John) and snatched a few precious, tender moments with her beloved than biologies prevail and she and John are saying ‘good night.’
He stood in front of the refrigerator.
Who said that?! Me? No! Surely I am under the spell of this crass, hopelessly unrefined paper cup of cheekiness in my hand. Flee! Oh, no, Gregory is coming closer, closer, and licking his lip.
The perfect vision of a plan coalesced during the night.
Metal.
Seb spit and spit again on the floor.
“You know him!”
“Party of two?”
Sherlock came to life in a series of angry shouts as lights were switched on, one by one, then whined, “Greatly distressed. No cucumbers, not even for ready money.” Stretched along the length of the settee, he was still in his suit jacket and trousers, but his shirt was unbuttoned and untucked. He was mostly bare-foot, though one sock still dangled precariously from a big toe.
Really, it’d been extraordinary. And, apparently, the younger one was the stupider of the two!
Or an early morning stiff-cock dream.
“Curious thing. On my way here, I spotted Murray, the winner of the event, walking with his prize, a gold statuette, under his arm. I stopped to offer him a ride, but he said he had no money, just a return ticket to Blackburn, and was planning to walk the streets until his train left. Well, that didn’t seem right at all, so I took him to Motley’s and got him a room. We had a chat in the bar. He’d said he was going to sell his prize, and I recommended against it. I suggested he open a gymnasium in his hometown and use the trophy as advertising.”
“I already have what I want.”
Relief and joy and a heavenly host of other emotions sang in Mycroft’s chest.
I listened to Holmes’s parting injunctions and advice as we drove to Paddington. Then his voice fell to a whisper, and despite our proximity, I leaned in closer to hear over the din of the street.
“Of course.” Seb opened his trousers and freed his erection and began to fuck the proffered mouth. “Right in the nearest gents. We didn’t even go into a stall. I just leaned against the counter by the far wall and let him get on his knees and go to town.”
Jim shot a look at Seb, whose expression changed, then changed again.
“Dinner, dancing, I confess I’m drunk on romance.”
The smile, the teasing tone boded well, but Mycroft quickly squashed the flutter of hope in his chest.
“I’m taking you to my home, Gregory, installing you in my bed and fucking you there and in my bath—which is, by the way, much more spacious and accommodating than the facilities at 221b Baker Street—until dawn.”
I've decided to put the ACD fills I do for Kinktober 2017 here rather than start a new post.
As Holmes’s eyes surveyed the scene, he mused aloud, “What with rotating the corpses of two nieces, a second cousin, and a parlour maid in and out of the airing cupboard, one wonders where they found the time? But I agree, it is a fine specimen.”
“The moon is a factor?!”
“Don’t I? Why not?”
She took her time, the way he had, squeezing, teasing, gentle, rough. She licked her own fingers, the way he did. She thought about all the things he called her and all the things he said.
Lestrade was in love.
“Good Lord!” you exclaim.
Lestrade considered, then nodded. “Yeah, I’ll probably be wrapping up ‘round two a.m.”
“I loved the dancing,” said Holmes. “The maidens. They were so beautiful.”
I shushed him, to no avail.
“Yeah, so do I, uh, should I, um, clean myself out?”
Blast this legwork! Sherlock was the sleuthhound, not him!
“Like a trussed Christmas goose.”
Jim shrugged, then said shyly, “Yeah.”
“I’m no saint!” I cried and bolted.
“What did that bit about Jacob Marley’s chain mean?”
Stamford winced. “It’d be a favour.”
“Nice jacket, Seb. Not everyone can carry that off.”
Mycroft eyed the tree, then his own belly, and frowned. “I need an oak, not a willow.”
Stanley Hopkins is a character from Small Hobbit's series
Sherlock wet the flannel, then wrung it out. “We missed midnight, but it is the new year still.” He gently wiped between John’s legs.
Length: 500
“Some fuckface, you mean. You’ll find it. The leads are here, in London.”
Holmes and I lay side-by-side in my bed, our fingers like frenzied telegraph machines on each other’s hip.
And that was that.
“How edifying. So what exactly is this thing you’re making?”
“Why don’t you put it on the flea on the rat?”
“Thank you,” whispered John.
Like Lazarus, Holmes was alive. And now he, and I, were on a train to Scotland.
“I have been mistreated,” I declared, glowering at Holmes, wishing to bore holes into his smug countenance.
“No!” Watson gasped. “Like the poet Shelly?”
“But this is not the key I gave you three days ago.”
John’s tongue teased the underside of Sherlock’s shaft. Or perhaps it wasn’t a tease, but a reassuring caress. Either way, Sherlock whimpered.
Well, well, well.
Might have been, but wasn’t.
Length: 500
“Are—what are you, anyway?—odd-job gardeners with too much gel in their hair supposed to stomp around a cloister in muddy boots and hiss at pious sisters going about their holy business from dark corners?”
“Toby! Gifts!” whispered Molly. Toby meowed his approval and deigned to let the enlightened visitor remain on the premises.
1 shot of peach schnapps
“Sherlock, my love.”
As expected.
Damn, the last thing he wanted to do tonight was deal with bloody Sherlock!
“I thought so. Happy Christmas, Sebbie.”
“Like that?” I asked.
Holmes’s hands.
“This place?” he asked when they came up for air.
For the DW fffc Advent Calendar Day 12: Roasting Chestnuts.
Mrs. Hudson shook her head. “She was a drunk, through and through. She was darning my grandfather’s socks one night, tight as a snail in its shell, stuck herself in the eye with her needle, fell on the edge of the hearth, struck her head so badly that she took to bed and died three days later.”
“Renny.”
“Then perhaps a bit of innovation wouldn’t go amiss.”
“Nothing for it. Exceptions must be made.”
I've got ideas for 2 more in this plot thread, but they would technically take place the day after and second day after Halloween so I will save them for early November. Next chapter will be back to stand-alones.
“Oh, you perfect tease,” she said.
“Can I lick your lolly, Shirley? Make you feel all better?”
“Orange! Yellow! White! In your molars. You fucker! You ate them!”
My prick stiffens.
“You need a tutor,” whispered Sherlock.
“Think it over.”
“Those are the terms,” she said.
And then there was a cock to suck.
“Oh, God, John, yes, yes.”
He dimmed the lights as the projector began to roll, then took his place.
“A thousand. I wanted to get it just right before I came home to you.”
“Let me eat you out, please,” Anthea begged.
That is just where I want you, and, by happy coincidence, it is just where you want to be, too.
A collection of fic prompts based on mash-up titles of at least two canon cases. For the LJ Holmes Minor comm March activity.
John is waiting for Sherlock to come home. Johnlock. Friends to lovers. Mention of masturbation. Rating: Teen.
“Bit faster, bit tighter. Like this, John.”
A Body Snatcher Fizz is gin, ginger, cucumbers, and tonic on the rocks. Suggested garnishes mentioned in the ficlet.
“Good boy, indeed,” said Harry, ruffling John’s hair.
There’s always a bit of kissing, of course. It isn’t
“He said you needed to rest your lungs, along with the CT scan, which was clear, and the antibiotics.”
Mycroft nodded eagerly and was rewarded with the warmest, most handsome smile he’d ever had the good fortune to witness.
“The lucky few, the lucky two, or three,” sang Jim in a soft whisper. He pressed his lips to Molly’s damp temple as she cycled through her fourth orgasm. “Another?”
A spot of work first, of course. It had been a nice touch, leaving the body to be found on the ski lift in the morning, a real, almost classic ‘howdunit’ kind of thing. He’d been so proud of it, in fact, he wanted to stick around and see the looks on their baffled faces, but that wouldn’t do. He’d cleared out as soon as the job was done and met the boss here.
Length: 1000
Greg sauntered out of the bar, twirling a tiny cocktail umbrella.
“My own blend! I’ve got some biscuits, too.”
Then he looked up and saw it.
I hated laudanum.
Your price is above talisman, above trinket, above any stone or metal deemed precious by its scarcity and its beauty and its place upon a sovereign’s forelock.
Beautiful. Utterly beautiful.
For Kinktober 2021 Day 14: Stockings.
They sigh and melt into each other, fitting angles and planes together like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle. They move together, nuzzling necks and armpits, brushing lips across temples and cheeks and chins. They rise and fall, like the tide, or perhaps, more like a curious seabird gliding upon a salty sun-soaked breeze.
“Remarkable,” said Holmes.
“Oh, heaven’s, yes! That’s why I came down here. But it’s not a professional matter. I found something. I like finding old things in unusual places. And I was wondering just how old it was.” He fished a handkerchief wrapped bundle out of his pocket and unfurled it before Lomax’s eyes.
Length: 200
“Like Sebby here. Show ‘em, gorgeous.”
ballad
The buzzard didn’t need to investigate, only to wait. It’d spotted the two-legs, one pushing a wheeled contraption, the other sitting in it, and knew there’d be something in tasty in store.
Sherlock fell still and allowed Mycroft to fuck his mouth for a bit.
Summary: Holmes takes up baking.
“You certainly caused a sensation at my place of work today, Inspector.”
—is remarkable.
“Copy the instructions for Doctor Watson on a new paper and burn this one,” instructed Mrs. Hudson before exiting the room, muttering to herself, “Now, where are my glasses?”
“Here,” said Irene huskily.
Maybe they’d get him off very quick without waking—
“And I’m thinking I’ll place another order with Sherlock. Given Love Potion No. 9 just got me a spectacular first kiss, I wonder what'll happen with Love Potion No. 10?”
that’s drawing all the guests?
“Mm.”
“Don’t you want that, John? Don’t you want a pair of lips spread round your hard cock? Don’t you want a tongue caressing you? Don’t a hungry little mouth dying to drink every drop you spill?”
I returned the photograph to the dispatch case with a sigh.
“…the frame was hastily gotten rid of when she learned of our arrival?”
“Well, this is how I like you. Laid out for my pleasure, naked, nipples pinched, neck bit, balls licked, cock sucked, hole fucked and dripping. Pillaged. Plundered. Mouth open begging for more. A picnic feast. Do you surrender?”
…a Santa hat.
“Fuck!” exclaimed Molly as her hips bucked.
A mobile, perhaps.
Silence.
“Doctor Watson wouldn’t have left his friend to suffer alone. And neither would you, Marie.”
Molly unfastened the clasp of her bra. Sherlock’s hands pushed under the fabric and cupped her breasts. He kneaded them, rubbing the nipples with his thumbs as John ate her out.
We sat drinking tea in silence for a while.
I applaud your aplomb
The only rule I have about this entire collection is no angst. So why Lestrade is gutted here isn't going to be mentioned. If you want the hurt part of this hurt/comfort, watch the scene from "The Lying Detective" with Lestrade and Culverton Smith confessing. And weep for our favourite silver fox as I did.
She was lifting off the bed but the invisible something kept pleasuring her.
As the ladies entered the kitchen, there was a slight flutter of the long cloth covering the kitchen table, its skirt reaching to the floor.
“You like that?”
Sherlock peeled off Mycroft’s socks. “Oh, God, yes. But I want his fist in me first. Doctor. He’d be so slow, so careful, make it so fucking good.” Sherlock licked around the base of Mycroft’s cock. “If he found out you’re really a ginger, he’d go mad.”
On the day in question, Watson had been busy with pricking out or planting out or sowing something, the exact nature of his endeavours always escapes me, when he spotted his enemy for the first time since, as the local gazette informed us, spring had sprung.
Mycroft was on all fours, wrists and ankles restrained by the stand. Mycroft’s lips were stretched around Lestrade’s prick. The blindfold remained, but the gold star clamps and the bra were scattered on the floor. Mycroft’s arse was a well-spanked pink, and a mechanised arm was thrusting a dildo, the second of three, rhythmically into Mycroft’s hole.
“Not needles,” said Holmes. The impatience in his tone, I’ll admit, was reassuring. “Needling!” he continued. “Nagging. Tiny rows. Minor squabbles. Each of itself not more a pinprick but compounded over a decade and—” He exhaled. “Lord Deveron had had enough. So had his wife. They each took a loaded revolver, a set of two on the wall, and shot the other. And all over a smudge of blacking on a dress.” He looked around him. “I know you’ve been asking me to do this. I just thought, well, perhaps I should show you a bit of consideration.”
He sank into his armchair. “I am sorry.”
“Can I have a cock?” asked Molly.
For the Kinktober Day 16 prompt: pegging.
He smiled, then kissed her. “You’re brilliant. We must toast to our new chapter, together and apart.”
your bright, expectant face!
“You need it tonight?”
The two folded sides of the quilt now hung ‘round Grodman without, in fact, touching him.
Bloody hell, she was drunk.
Watson, the harvest’s
I raised an eyebrow and smiled.
Lestrade snorted. “Apologies. Well, if we’re being bold…”
The words, made famous by own my hand, hung, quivering and unrecognisable, in the ether between us.
“Because if you shoot, Watson will jump in front of the bullet, and if you shoot him,
Seb arrives after Molly leaves Jim tied up. Mormor. Sweet cracky smut. Continuation of previous chapter.
“Oh, you just act like a brat?”
“My new girl beat the rugs yesterday.”
“Jack O’Lantern. One of the best parts of Halloween is the crazy cocktails.”
“And here I thought I was topping you up with mine as quickly as I was sucking yours out.”
A reference to the Biblical beatitudes.
The first 100 words were written for the DW Advent Drabbles Day 17.
Sherlock shrugged. “Maybe real ghosts tire of being summoned by charlatans.”
Lestrade looked from one to the other. “Like that?”
Holmes’s voice mingled with the crackling driftwood fire and the shore winds and distant voices and was, as often, uttering charming.
They both smiled.
“No.”
I tell you this, whisper it into your ear.
Title: Mellifex
“It is a very curious case, Watson.”
, who gave me Sherlock's line at the end.
“My pleasure. It was nice to get them off my chest.”
Jim just happens to drop by the rugger field where Seb's playing. Mormor. Sweat kink. Oral.
Dark eyes lit. “Now that sounds lovely. I’ll meet you in your garden when this is settled.”
“Should you ever need the reminder, this,” Sherlock slowly pumped his cock in and out of John, “or this,” he covered John’s nipple with his mouth, then released it with a
He settled himself on the pillows on his back, his legs obscenely splayed and began to play with his cock, hoping the heavy breather hidden in the right side of the wardrobe would come out and fuck him very soon.
Eyes turned to them.
John hopped in a circle until he was showing off the NAUGHTY on the arse of his pants.
Before us stretched a sea of bright yellow daffodils, catching the sun and the light spring breeze and tossing their trumpet heads.
DW Holmes Minor July 2021 prompt: teamwork
“Serpentine,” he observed as Sherlock writhed. Really, the painted swirls were quite mesmerising. “What are you wearing?”
Stella went to the door. Sally followed. Neither removed her headband with the rabbit ears attached.
“Yeah, left shoulder. Christ, what a night! You figured out that they were hiding the drugs in the games prizes.”
“You are very comfortably fixed here, aren’t you? As I get on in life the little comforts appeal to me more and more.”
“Jesus Christ, they
Sherlock sputtered but slowly moved forward on his hands and assumed a push-up position.
“I’m still hungry,” he said.
Length: 500
“Just restoring a bit of order,” he replied without looking up. His voice sounded strange, nervous and strained.
No, Sherlock hoped.
“Jesus Christ. Wait, are you cut?”
Challenge: DW picture prompt fun #48 Picture #95
“Yes, after Mary’s death. Everyone recommended a change of scene. I wanted a change of idiom as well. Got as far as Paris. Sought a bit of companionship, as they say. She wore that.” I pointed to the corset. “I liked it very much. She was, as you can see, amply proportioned; I asked her if I might sample the corset and for a small consideration—”
…melted.
Finding the key that turns the lock and makes the click.
“I’m having sex, John, what do you think?!” called Molly sarcastically as Jim licked her neck and set himself to rights.
“No, I don’t expect they will.” I motioned to the chair, his chair it had become in very short order, and Holmes folded into it, his countenance as dark and drawn as mourning drapery.
“For your pleasure, John.”
Sherlock considered. “No, my place.”
Teen for suggestion and setting
“They are when they’re not invited to a party where their Sugar Plum Fairy has worn this dress.” He eased the zipper down and sent the pink satin and tulle to the floor. Then he kissed down her spine and to the cleft of her buttocks where he bit at the tiny pink ribbons.
“Who knows? You might have an extraordinary future ahead of you, Mister Raymond. He,” I gestured to the icon, “certainly did.”
It was quite some time before I was ensconced comfortably on the sofa, which had been brought nearer to the roaring fire.
the BBC recipe for Mince Pie Martinis.
“The way you…”
“Mister Holmes. You’re working awful late on Christmas Eve. You aren’t a Scrooge, are you?”
The tentacles withdrew like tape measures into Sherlock’s body, then Sherlock stepped in front of John.
“Yeah. I don’t sleep well.”
“I rut…”
Sherlock smiled and helped herself to bit of tomb rubble. “I am always on the lookout for new ways to surprise, and impress, my Edgar Allan Poe-loving girlfriend.”
by cdelbridge, which is a hilarious longer fic dealing with this topic. (FYI, it's WIP at the moment.).
Molly rubbed more lube on the strap-on then pushed it between Seb’s buttocks. She positioned the prick’s tip at Seb’s rim, and then all three of them sighed as the prick sank back into Seb’s hole.
Grinning, John returned to the bed, and Sherlock followed.
An Easter egg-hunt martini is a vodka martini with egg white and milk and you are supposed to decorate it like an Easter egg with strawberry and raspberry puree.
Seb raised an inquiring eyebrow. “How so?”
“Just so but once month it was red.”
And with that, he grabbed my hand and began skipping, no, prancing, no, frolicking down the street. I laughed and hopped alongside him, to the cheers and laughter of those we passed.
Remember Red Pants? I do! For DW Advent Drabbles Day 27: Red pants that say NAUGHTY.
Rating: Explicit
“But isn’t that how they got started?”
John heard the buzz of the station name, then she followed the scent—and the dark wool coat—out of the car and onto the platform.
“I love it when you fuck yourself on me, John.”
“No, I am not concerned about that. I fear I am guilty of a grievous, ah, sin of omission.”
“Someone is impersonating you, my dear,” I said.
“I love theatre cases!” exclaimed Sherlock. “The drama!”
It was seventeen steps. By the time Molly reached the last, she had a white-knuckle grip on the railing.
Title: Epiphany Tart
The touch of a gifted masseur, well, there’s nothing like it. I surrender. It makes a new man of me.
“Sure, princess.”
I shall not let Watson fall prey to this evil incarnate. I shall spare him that end, no matter the cost to me.
“Hush,” admonished Mycroft. “When have I ever refused you?” He pushed Lestrade forward. Lestrade’s arms crumpled at touch to the floor. Mycroft stood and moved to Lestrade’s head.
“Nice top.“
Sherlock dove in. The water was fine, and beautiful in the moonlight, but he’d only managed two strokes before he felt arms reaching for him.
“Works for me.”
“What are you going to do with your treasure, Sherlock?”
John raised the axe.
He got to his feet and held it to the light. Then he stared at her, mouth slightly open.
“Sherlock, your heart is in the right place, but I think another cat is the last thing Molly wants right now.”
“I lost my best housemaid to dust.”
Mycroft's home cinema. Quotes from the 1946 film
A dollop of grease fat was scraped into the tin.
Moriarty/Molly/Moran. Pegging.
“Holmes.”
“Oh, no,” admonished Sherlock. “You can’t come yet. You haven’t said the magic words. ‘Drop your pretty knickers!’”
Mycroft was one of the last guests in the museum. He feigned an interest in the art, even made discreet inquiries about provenance and purchasing options.
“Yes and no.”
After one dance, Molly let Irene push the strap of her tunic bodice off her shoulder, and after a few of Irene’s caresses, Molly’s breast was dribbling freely down her torso.
Martha sniffed. “Don’t remind me, Marie.”
“Was a fortnight before the Patterson case. You’re not at risk, Mister Holmes.”
John’s slow withdraw was accompanied by an obscene slurping noise.
Lestrade cried out as Moriarty released the cock ring.
“Sorry. I can’t close my eyes. That’s part of the problem…”
Moriarty smiled.
“Don’t want to come yet,” said Lestrade, his voice strained.
Lestrade pulled up his trousers and looked over his shoulder and winked. “See what I said about great minds? Yeah, I was just going to give you a ‘thank you’ peek here.”
The fairy fête!
“Have I bought your silence?”
Weather never seemed to affect the great mind of Sherlock Holmes. He readily accepted cases in rain, sleet, snow, fog, and wind. I never even saw him even acknowledge the elements—save for a flipping up of the collar of the Belstaff—until a relentless heat wave gripped London our first summer as flatmates and lovers.
I shook my head as if to physically expel the wicked image, then quickly scratched at the page.
Rating: Mature
And all became clear.
“She first called attention to herself by becoming disoriented, theatrically so, at the funeral of her cousin Alaric Fortescue.”
“Okay, if it please the court, one,” I said, counting on my fingers. “The time that you walked in your sleep. You were wearing the dark blue silk dressing gown with matching pajamas. You’d reached Regent’s Parks before I caught you.”
This is a shared fancy. Impractical to the point of impossible in London, but ideal for a country bed.
“Yes.”
“S’all right. You up for trying something?”
Well, there was nothing for it.
John was certain the stranger was going to say ‘fuck.’ In fact, John was so certain he was going to say ‘fuck’ that he missed what he did say.
“He’s right!”
How in the deuce did the bastard solve any problems at all with a bed like this?
“Sherlock and John gave it to me last Christmas. Everyone okay up there?”
Lomax/Lestrade, Holmes/Watson, OFC (Violeta Lomax)
The weeks and months passed, and outwardly, Holmes put on a show for Watson’s sake as much as the rest of the world.
Seb’s arms were around her pulling her forward as he fell back.
“Leave Paris?”
“BORING! We could be doing something much less boring.”
Hair ruffled, tie askew, shirt threw over the sofa, Mycroft looked every bit the utterly snogged creature that he was.
“A good Christmas sodding before the fire?”
Summary: Holmes speaks French in bed.
“Care to?”
“Ogle all you want, Sherlock, I
Author's Note: "...he would have to pass through seven bedrooms." ("The Naval Treaty"); written for the September prompt: seven.
“Nevertheless, you are late,” he observed, his grey eyes following me closely as I settled into my armchair.
“This key? But this is…” Sherlock went pale.
“And that,” said Holmes, “was her fatal mistake. If she’d caught as many criminals as you, or I, have, Mister Grodman, she’d have known better. You killed her. Maybe Constant was an experiment to prove that you could commit the perfect murder, but Mrs. Turner’s death made you
“Just mine, then. What a lucky boy am I! Except for getting shot, of course. God, you’re gorgeous. I didn’t know angels wore jeans.”
“Four. You’re hard. Deny it.”
They were padding together as one down the hallway, with Sherlock’s cock lodged deep inside John. The spurts and orgasms had passed as had the thickest of the lust fog, but the knot had not deflated yet.
She saw the rifle before the person holding it. She was about to fire when a voice stopped her.
Watson caressed the rim of glass jar again and nodded to it. “Shall we fill it up?”
“Indeed, the stalks are thick as thieves.
Lestrade raised an eyebrow.
very cleaned up?”
“Listen, my dear man, but give no outward sign that I’m speaking. I would not even have our driver know what I’m to say, which is this: I shall follow you as soon as I am able but not as myself. I shall take up a role and be in the vicinity somewhere.”
apish aper-bee
Holmes, Watson, and Mrs. Hudson in the kitchen on a Sunday afternoon.
As if on cue, snow began to fall.
Upon Mycroft’s return, I said, “Mrs. Hudson. There may be trouble at the rooms tonight.”
Fusion with
“I was never a sailor.”
“Of course, they have.”
“Look at these samples, John.”
“Orange juice and cognac. Not bad, but really…”
Her chest and belly erupted in a thin sheen of sweat, but her feet found purchase on the bed, and she arched her back and pulsed her hips up and growled.
“Christmas card?” John scanned the assortment on the mantelpiece for a new addition.
A soldier, no matter how removed from battle, never economises on footwear, and discovering that one’s dearest friend is not, in fact, among the departed certainly causes a fellow to question his senses.
“Are you angry? I’m sorry for exploiting your coping mechanism.”
Mycroft heard a hollow whimpering.
Author's note: For the WW monthly prompt Strong Spirits
“There are some advantages to summer.”
“Diamonds.”
Holmes handed the driver a trunk then turned to me. “I’m glad to see you, Watson.”
“I’m sorry, love. Can we start over? I’ll be a good girl, I promise.”
Watson chuckled.
“The leitmotif of the day,” said Sherlock as they entered the ballroom.
A groan vibrated against Molly’s skin. From the corner of her eye, she saw a hand reach for the lubricant.
Round two?
“Ogling your bare tits is always better, Molly.”
“I don’t know. I heard it on telly. We’re not all Yeats, you know!”
. A thousand apologies. I know my butchering of the Gallic tongue is beyond reckoning. It’s criminal! Lock me up for my own good! Heh, heh. The green hour. Any hour’s green if you drink enough! But I like you. I like the way the water drips. I like the way the sugar melts. I like the louche. I’m a poet, don’t you know? Words, words, and more words. Not a painter or a sketcher or one of those fellows who chisels on stones, no. That kind of art takes more than eleven shillings a day, but a nub of a pencil and a thin note-book is manageable, even for a poor sod who washed up on Portsmouth jetty, pardon the language. Look here.”
“Yeah, I’d love to fuck you against that window, show the whole world this gorgeous bit of wantonness.”
“A Study in Veiled Scarlet.” Harem AU. Holmes is the sultan’s favourite concubine. Watson is a prisoner of war.
“Thanks for the ride.” Sherlock gave Mycroft a peck on the cheek just before he opened the door. Then he indicated the scrap of apricot-coloured fabric on the floor of the car. “You’ll get me some new ones?”
“Wheels within wheels, Tiger. I gave him one case to solve, a difficult one, to be certain, while the other little project of mine will go on as scheduled. I predict that the great Sherlock Holmes will be thoroughly occupied for the next, oh, six to eight hours.”
Summary: A new addition to the 221b Baker Street library.
“But first,” amended Clara as she cupped her own breasts and leaned down. “More tit love, please.”
Cabinet door. A glass. Bottles shifting.
Rating: Gen
“Would you like a Chocolate Cherry Cha Cha?” asked Sherlock, eyeing a tray of drinks.
Seb smirked. “Would you believe I happened to have a spare tuna-with-extra-pickle sandwich lying around?”
“And here they be! Again! Tell me this, Mister Holmes.”
BOOM!
After a Hallowe'en party, Sherlock goes to Mycroft's. Sherlock/Mycroft. Oral.
“Thank you, Martha!”
“You’ve got me just like that, princess. Tied around your finger.”
“Fuck, Molls,” he breathed. The knickers were tight ‘round his bollocks, uncomfortably so. “Maybe you could take ‘em off…”
They spoke in unison.
“Max the Mouth.”
“Then doors open, and I am in a garden. Stamford is there, dressed in robes. He holds your wrist with one hand and blesses our meeting with the other. You look down. I stare, spellbound, at you without sparing a single glance for the beauty around us.”
That couldn’t be right, of course, but it had been over that first cup of tea that Marie had mentioned her old blue one, and then the next day, Martha had told her about that sample sale, and they’d gone together. Martha had such a good eye for colour. She’d done most of the selecting.
“Still nothing.”
“Precisely!”
Sorrow was not the only dark sentiment kept at bay by the night’s adventures. My anger flared.
“He died.”
Lestrade settled on the floor between Mycroft’s legs. “Let’s see what I can do about some fireworks since you’ve been so noble in sacrificing your own viewing of them tonight.”
John chased the dark wool coat through the crowd.
Molly listens as they breathe together. “So warm.”
“You salty dog.”
Grey eyes sparkled. “That one, dear.”
“John! How are you?”
Life was good.
Immediately, a biscuit tin began to push its way out from behind the long tablecloth.
Sherlock whimpered at this and took Mycroft’s prick deeper into his throat.
I lowered my weapon.
I look over my shoulder.
He didn’t need to switch on the light.
“’Undo an evil counselor, open mouth and hole and cry, ‘There are many lessons yet to learn, for the Spider and the Fly.’”
The next year, on the evening I was met by a stranger who thrust upon my person a goodish sized salmon and when I entered my rooms, I found myself host to no fewer than seven felines of spirited constitutions and ravenous states.
Matthew 7:7 is the 'seek and ye shall find' verse.
“A WHAT?!”
“Capital plan, Detective Inspector. I shall follow your lead. Perhaps, if you’ve no pressing engagement, we might enjoy a cooling beverage. Together.”
“Mike, can I borrow your phone?”
I stare, shudder. “Is my dream trying to tell me something, Watson?”
Lestrade snorted. “Shut up!”
Lestrade rose and circled the desk.
“No. Here,” said the attendant, unhooking a large yellow rat.
Sherlock & John at the Cupids and Devils Ball on Valentine's Day. Tentacle!lock. Club sex.
“That’s what I thought you’d say.”
Rating: G
“Pink tongue.”
I looked up. “You find it—”
Spider.
John unbuckled his belt. “There’s still time to change your mind, Sherlock.” He exhaled as his cock was freed from the confines of trousers and pants. “Will it do?”
“Near enough,” countered Holmes with a wink.
“What can I say? I’m old-fashioned.”
“Three. That’s right. Keep going.”
I pronounce words carefully so both of us are spared the pain of the phrase ‘when I was dead.’
“With demonstrations of both?”
For Kinktober Day 13: Distant/Distracted Sex. [I am not doing them in order this year. My master list is on
“The police.”
“I could,” Lestrade looked down, then up, then said in a husky rumble, “but I have to warn you,
Title: Footprints, not Coffins
“A Case of Red Vampire.” After Holmes & Watson use the utmost discretion in solving the murder of a vineyard proprietor’s mistress, they are rewarded with twelve bottles of an unusual spirit, crafted for those who like their Bordeaux ‘blood-red.’
“You needn’t bother. I’m an extraordinarily difficult person to do anything for, John.”
“Very nice,” said Martha, surveying the two nude male figures positioned on all fours. Between the two figures was a table set for tea for two.
“John, what’s the probability the poinsettia spritz punch Major Vamberry served us earlier was spiked with hallucinogenic drugs?”
“Christ, I’m parched,” she said when she was finally set to rights. “Give me a sip.”
“Now, Martha!”
DW Watson's Woes 2021 October Spooktacular prompt #1: revenant.
“You sold a puppy to Sherlock Holmes!” I wailed softly and rolled my eyes heavenward.
A very belated birthday gift to Vulgarweed; this ficlet is inspired by and a tribute to a hilarious line in
Mycroft read. “Cinnamon Schnapps. I wasn’t aware that such a spirit was sold in such volume.”
“There.”
“Have you a forked tongue, too?” inquired Mycroft.
Title: Music to Frig By
“You’re brilliant!” she cried, covering her full mouth with her hand. “Just when I think you can’t be more extraordinary you go and do something simply marvelous and prove me wrong.”
“Long-time. One of the few clubs with hours that work with mine.”
“To kill me.”
John reached for the lamp on the bedside table.
John bit the other nipple.
“Right. Sorry, but, copper’s instinct. It’s almost too good to be true. A sudden night off.”
“That’s the most idiotic thing I’ve ever heard you say. And I’ve heard a lot. Only one thing would make it feel better.”
“On the contrary,” I agreed. “From what I perceive, it is solid enough for a man to break his hand over.”
“But the second?” I prompted.
“John’s on a date tonight,” said Sherlock as he dumped the sardines in dish. “He’s got his wet pussy, I suppose, but I prefer mine.” He placed the sardines beside the milk. “Don’t know why John keeps these in the flat, I’ve never seen him eat them.”
The ribbon might have been a medieval token, a maiden’s favour bestowed upon a knight for fortune in battle.
Lestrade laughed and replied at once.
Title: Red Columbine
“You’re gagging for it, aren’t you?”
“But I am also a doctor, was a soldier. Professions not without their necessary violence. Neither is the task of being your companion, I might add. But why not employ force to lay low evil and to defend the downtrodden who appeal to you for aide?”
It was a soft plea.
The hilt of the knife was a blurry shape.
“Great minds think alike. I was delighted to get
Mycroft had wasted no time in pressing the Detective Inspector’s back to the door and pressing his own lips against the Detective Inspector’s. He did not want give the impression that he was a hesitant lover.
John ignored the smattering of cheers that weren’t drowned by the blaring music.
He looked from it to me. “A concert? This afternoon?”
“Just wait ‘til you’ve got a few drinks in me.”
No one was watching. Except maybe Mycroft.
“I’ve initiated the process, sir, but it’s only,” she eyed the box, “ten percent complete.”
And what happened next happened even more quickly, but not so silently.
“That’s unnecessary, Gregory. Given your state of fatigue, I would be loath to…”
I toasted to this development and ate my turnip, which was as expertly prepared as it was carved.
“Or,” Sherlock coughed, “I could lend you someone to keep you warm.”
She licked the brown wood, then devoured the final chocolate.
Angst. Saint Fiacre is patron of gardeners and venereal disease (third-stage syphilis is no joke!).
“No?”
“Truthfully, I need a shower and a nap, Mycroft.”
“Yeah, but it turns out there’s someone with a bigger case of the bah humbugs than me.”
For the WW drabble prompt: layman
Four fingers began to thrust in and out of Molly’s wet pussy. She arched her back, and Jim pinched with her bare nipple, the one Seb wasn’t teasing. Then he reached for Molly’s glass and drank.
“And for the Devil’s sake, let’s don’t track any mud on the stairs!”
John pulled out and made to stand, then wobbled and fell back onto the bed. He was drained not so much from the coupling, but from the constant reining in of his Alpha instincts.
“Come here.”
I forced my eyes open to glare at him.
Mycroft nodded.
“—just won the first round of trivia, so they got to sing first. Here are your drinks. My Fair Ladys, naturally.”
“I won’t be able to be your date tomorrow night for that very posh gig.”
“How do you do it, my dear Holmes?”
“Oughtn’t I to be a bit tense? I am thoughtful, too.”
Jim listened for the glass being placed on the table, then dropped the earpiece in his pocket, and burst through the door.
Mycroft was still whimpering much later that day.
One last kiss, quick and chaste, and we began to untangle our limbs.
The screen kiss finally broke.
“Yes, but not before all of the Yard got to see you in your camel-coloured wool dressing gown and dark mauve pajamas with the fleur-de-lis print. You looked regal.”
“Eighteen months, Sally, looking for a stupid marble. ‘Boring’ as a someone once said.”
“Speaking of, what is tonight’s feature?”
Consensual somnophilia. Public blow job.
Sally bit her bottom lip. “Waters gang got off. Again.”
Fun. A rare happy childhood memory revisited. And it tasted like Christmas.
Lolly. Ice cream cone.
The Devil groaned and hissed and shrunk until he was nothing but smoke, smoke that funneled swiftly into the biscuit tin.
“The urgency was shared, John, and the nature of the fantasy quite complementary.”
“I’ll just have to try harder.”
“Watson,” he breathed.
Sherlock shook his head. “I want that cock inside me.”
“Another?”
“Now? Where?”
Their eyes met.
She sighed. “It was so fucking hot. ‘Neath you, please!”
“Oh, tropical heat is so lovely.” Molly slipped off her voluminous woolly jumper and folded it over her arm.
“A hammock? Not a coffin?”
Title: Smoker
“I suppose this is where you scold me and tell me to leave the detective work to the professionals,” said Lomax gloomily, “public and private.”
“I’m not sweet.”
Sherlock keeps one eye on the steady rise and fall of John’s back. He keeps his ears tuned to John’s snores, half-muffled by the pillow.
“If you need another incentive to keep going.”
Sherlock’s mobile buzzed.
“You did all the work. We just cleaned up the mess.” Jim pressed his lips to her shoulder.
Seb slowed his thrusts. He had a surprise.
Every moment is a teachable moment. Sherlock picks up glitter off Lestrade's trousers and makes some deductions.
Hedges and vined trellises surrounded our garden, and though we were friendly with our neighbours, there was slim possibility of any of them dropping by unheard in our remote corner of the countryside. Thus, Holmes felt the freedom, when he was not swathed to tend the hives, naturally, to wear fewer as well as much thinner articles of clothing than he would in London or in town. His exposed skin, especially that of shoulders and the bridge of his nose, inevitably broke out a dusting of freckles that I admired in every way it was possible to show admiration.
He slowly scraped his teeth against the spoon—not fork, fork left too much behind—and held it in his mouth until it melted.
On one end of Sherlock, John spent himself, and on the other, Lestrade kissed Sherlock’s mouth and fed him Mycroft’s come.
John blinked, barely able to keep up with the words, much less their meaning.
“No?”
“Happy Christmas to us both,” came the reply from the pillows.
Another character sketch for the upcoming Moriarty fic.
“Mine, Seb’s or both?” whispered Jim.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like that. This is good. It seems so easy, but it’s been damn near impossible…”
Length: 250
Mycroft whimpered.
'Verse: ACD
Lestrade smiled, then pressed his lips together, then unnecessarily straightened the files on his desk.
Apparently if you add pomegranate juice to a cosmo, you make it a Christmas Cosmo (the more you know!).
Holmes approached the far bench at an unhurried pace and a manner the very opposite of stealth.
“Please, please,” urged Mycroft quietly.
“Thank you,” said Holmes. “We are quite sentimental about them.” He dropped his keys on the mantelpiece next to mine. “Shall we?”
“Like that,” said Mycroft, letting the hand that wasn’t holding the umbrella handle drop and rub the bulge in the front of Lestrade’s trousers. “Well, then there’s only one thing left to ask, I suppose.”
“Forbidden fruit’s always sweeter, my good man!”
“Next time, do you want to go to the club?”
Irene/Molly. After “A Scandal in Belgravia.” 69. Oral sex. Fingering.
“Not unless he had something, or someone, to bury. Too many wrinkles in the Westwood.”
“The Adventure of the Dying Wisteria.” It turns out it did just need more water and a bit of pruning, thank you very much, Holmes.
Seb looked down at his tuxedo jacket, which was copper-coloured with black wavy stripes. “I don’t know why they call this ‘zebra’ when clearly…”
“I understand.”
“Well, Stanley isn’t in costume, either,” said John. “Yet?”
Watson froze in his chair, and even Holmes’s eyes betrayed him by dilating ever so slightly.
“That was not my fault, Watson. I am a detective, not a soothsayer. How was I to know that the mistress of Huret the Boulevard Assassin, upon hearing of his arrest, would set our rooms ablaze?”
by Cassandra Snow.
Molly gets whisked away. Molliarty. Vaginal sex. A bit h/c. A bit exhibitionism.
Sherlock’s pint appeared, and they drank in silence for a few minutes. Then John said,
Seb’s laugh turned to a squeal. “He’s acting like he’s cross but that Irish prick is getting hard.”
“Smee?”
“Oh.” Sherlock frowned. “Well, it’s the thought that counts.”
“I say, terribly sorry, and all that,” began a youth, “but I really can’t keep him at chez Wooster.”
series.
“You okay?”
“Three hours,” said John.
“Shall I try it on?” asked Molly nervously. “Now?”
Grey eyes lit. “Cheers, Daddy.”
“Yeah, well, I used your methods. I hadn’t heard the front door. I couldn’t find you in the flat. Mrs. Hudson’s gone to her sister’s for the weekend.” John shrugs. “I eliminated the possibilities.”
Then lips began to press teasing kisses to her inner thighs in damp trails towards and away from her centre. There was licking and nuzzling at the crease of her thighs and more cunt-wet kisses and then more sucking of her clit, this time with more force, more direct pressure, more urgency.
“But you’re—”
Summary: Holmes & Watson discuss the Abernetty case.
John grinned. “I’d like to try.”
Mycroft mumbled something unintelligible. Twice.
Lestrade laughed. “Close enough.”
They helped her dress.
“Magnificent.”
“Well, that’s all right then, isn’t it?”
Sherlock muses on the cold days of winter. gender/cisswap. fem!Sherlock/fem!John. Vampire!Sherlock/human!John. Menstrual blood drinking & cunnilingus. Part of
“The good news is that I’ll be able to watch you all night.” Lestrade’s voice fell to a husky rumble. “I won’t neglect my responsibilities, of course.” He nuzzled at the side of Mycroft’s neck.
rustling overhead, the goat-herd sleeps,
It’s not a very sexy comparison but there is no better metaphor for my doings than the squeezing of toothpaste up a tube.
“Oh!” Lestrade looked nervously toward the vacant street, then down at Sherlock’s hands, which were, indeed, rolling his prick with expert precision. “Christ, where’d you learn to do that—no, don’t tell me.”
“Mister Holmes and his poor vegetable marrows.”
“Are you going to help?” asked Watson.
“Facial hair on the masculine set is almost as popular as you are, Holmes,” I teased.
“He’s claustrophobic, too.”
Irene hummed.
“Because
I quickly deposited the dessert and shrugged out of my wet coat, calling Holmes’s name.
Janine's corset inspired by fairygothmother's
“I know when a glance, though momentary, is sufficiently wicked to slay the most upright of recipients, and I am not at the moment, as even you might observe, upright.”
“Lomax!” I cried in abject surprise.
“The least you can do is give me a ride,” said Lestrade.
“Far from it, Detective Inspector. I trust you enjoyed yourself.”
“Perhaps.” His voice was odd.
She tried not to smile. He laughed so that she would. She did, and it was music.
“Thanks. Sherlock was livid when he saw Jim’s suit. He fancies himself the most well-dressed werewolf in London and when I praised the Westwood, it got ugly. I swear, if geniuses weren’t so difficult to shop for…”
And oblige.
Author's Note: Not written for any prompt, just an idea that's been percolating for a while. Inspired by
“Forty-five minutes.”
John sank, fumbling with his jeans. Eventually he got them and his pants wrenched down. He spat on his palm and went to work jerking himself off while he sucked the gorgeous leaking prick which was standing stiff and proud right in front of his face.
“Yeah, his mouth’s as nice as his arse, isn’t it?”
“Something happened while I was sleeping…”
I press my temple to the stone once more.
MacCoy drank, then sniffed.
“Uh, yeah, sure. Okay, but the question is: how do you stay so bloody cool on a day like today when the rest of us mere mortals are puddles of sweat and stink?”
“Jim. Don’t be cross. Seb was just extending every courtesy, every comfort.”
Two steps are less than nine.
“Of course not,” said Sally.
“Oh, I’m certain you could manage it, Detective Inspector.”
“Not hospitable, eh?” Lestrade smiled. “It can’t be too comfortable with my cock up your arse. Well, I’ll come first on one condition.”
“Such a good girl.” Molly curls around Irene and strokes her hair, then kisses her temple. “So very, very good for me.” Then she kisses Irene’s nose and lips and chin. Then she inches down Irene’s body, trailing kisses down Irene’s neck to her chest, pausing to nuzzle between Irene’s breasts.
Waiting.
“I’m certain you did. Well, I thought I’d investigate myself. A bit sly, of course, but that’s my nature.”
John laughed. “You’re joking about the last one, right?”
“Says the man who once composed a haiku about my prick while he was sucking it.”
Content Notes: Set during the hiatus, post-Mary's death; grief; angst; POV Watson
Characters: Holmes & Watson
“Yes, I feared it was something like that. Silence! We may yet catch him unawares.”
“What’s the point of being the boss, then?”
Lestrade silenced Mycroft with a kiss was as warm and as sweet as the flavor on his lips.
Their last night before the Fall. Molly/Moriarty.
“Justice,” said Mrs. Hudson.
“Oh, John! Come on!”
You scowled. “Have you considered that someone may have tampered with my heat powders purposefully to distract you from this case?”
“Mexican cocoa it is as soon as I suck you off."
“You’re welcome. It’s my pleasure. Or it will be if you’ll get on with it.”
The court erupted in a roar.
Mycroft dabbed his mouth with his handkerchief.
…well, there was a fool.
“Seb.”
For all my fears of isolation in the remote countryside, there are equally compelling boons, one of which is the lack of prying eyes, save for the thousands-faceted compound lenses of my charges, who, at the moment, are humming in their collective smoked stupor. I observed Watson’s internal debate on the first warm day of the summer and seeing him shrug off his inhibition as he did the soft cambric shirt was stirring, to say the least.
Holmes turned and drew the waterfall behind us.
Lestrade slipped between the sheets.
“Please.”
“Where to?” asked Mycroft, his gaze fixed on the world beyond the car’s tinted window.
“He’s the Rat King, John. From the story, the ballet. He’s with the nutcracker,” said Sherlock.
Author's Note: I was going for something 'authentic' for the 5th of November and ended up with...this not-happy fic.
Long-time readers know that I have a head canon that Lestrade likes floofy Starbucks drinks, and when I recently saw a headline of a Jack Skellington Frappuccino, I thought of him immediately.
Lestrade hurried to the bottle of lubricant on the bedside table. His cock was out and being slicked by his own hand in moments. He tossed the bottle toward the foot of the bed as he approached it, then crawled up and straddled the figure.
“Indeed. The only portion of the garden unoccupied is a dark pool at the lowermost edge. I do not want to stay. I want
work. We’re
Title: Bees & Buttons
The ladies jumped. Then Bessie sniffed.
“It’s never twins.”
better make it good.” John lifted and squeezed Lestrade’s heavy breasts, thumbing the nipples, then bringing one to her mouth to suck. She released it, and Lestrade groaned. John sucked the other, then said, “Sherlock’s caught you quite a few killers this year. You should show some gratitude.”
“Lestrade may not be on great terms with his ex, but I suppose he’d always had a soft spot for her mum, so when he heard the news, he went to see her, and she has asked him to investigate the disappearance of her sister, an unsolved missing person case from 1960.”
“Yes.”
“Heh. True, but no. I was thinking ‘you’ve a nice voice.’ Really, the perfect voice for this.”
“And me with preternatural flexibility. Fuck.”
“No!” Sherlock looked down. “No,” he confirmed with more confidence.
one.”
Sherlock Holmes had every idea, and his heart broke.
“Christ, Sherlock! Tom is, was, the boyfriend, fiancé. He’s gone, too. Not dead, they broke up. That was before Toby, her cat, died. No.” John raised a hand as Sherlock opened his mouth to speak. “You may not be aware, Sherlock, but the death of a pet is devastating for many people. So, please, be nice to her. And if you can’t do that, just stay away from her.”
“I wrote a tale about a milk-drinking snake, Holmes.”
“Is, um, that you?”
Seb shrugged. “I do have a type.”
“Of course, I’ll get you some water, just as soon as I can see my way to letting go of your balls. God, they feel so good.”
“Watson, what are you doing?!”
“The one about eating fruits and vegetables? Right. You care about Sherlock. And this, well, it could be more, if you wanted it to be.”
I melt.
Title: Cleopatra’s Gourd
Of all the closures, the public library is the one that affects me most. I really miss it already.
But they’d been worth every penny. Marie tromped across the boggy field with well-shod impunity.
“Very well. If you must.”
“What can I say? I’m a giver. Plant a seed. Uh, Molls? I run a criminal enterprise. I can’t just take a break.”
“SHITE! TOBY!”
“Not anymore.” Mycroft shrugged. “Perhaps I’ll join you,” he said, nodding to Lestrade’s bottle.
“Margaret!”
“First, clean blood, then, clean tissue, then….”
She was leaning over him, her hair cascading, the fingers of both hands twined gently in his. She slid up and down his cock slowly, staring into his green eyes, wondering just what went on behind them.
Is it customary to draw the green straw out and—oh, my—sample the whipped cream in such a way that—dear me—provokes thoughts, thoughts, at the flash of tongue and—good Lord—leaves a distracting dollop of said cream on the corner of a mouth. An utterly kissable corner of an utterly kissable mouth. Don’t stare. Don’t stare. For God’s sake, man, don’t—
“That’s generous. Try loathsome.”
“…with your weight on me, pinning me down…”
“Yes, it was a simple matter, really. I demonstrated beyond all doubt it was the knave of hearts who stole the tarts, but I tell you quite frankly, Watson, that I don’t think this particular pair of sovereigns will be handing out any accolades.”
But the faces!
“Yeah, well, I didn’t solve it, did I? You did. I was just the ventriloquist’s dummy.”
“You’re feeling…maternal?”
Holmes  spies something interesting at the museum, which opens the floodgates of memory for Watson. Double drabble. Holmes/Watson. Masturbation (non-graphic).
Lestrade opened the box. “Can I interest you in one?”
“You swear?”
Sherlock wants to cheer Molly up. Sherlock/Molly. Fluff. Rating: teen. Warning for mention of pet death.
Mary heard a rustling and drew her pistol.
“Yes! I want your warmth. By my side…”
“Mister Holmes sends his highest regards,” I said. “And these!”
Summary: Holmes is distracted by Watson in the bath.
“Wanna go for a walk?”
“Good God, Molls,” groaned Seb. “You were right. I was wrong. It is so fucking hot, watching the Boss suck your prick. He such a pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty cocksucker.” He punctuated each adjective with a hard squeeze of Jim’s buttocks.
Watson dropped his weapon, wiped his forehead, and sighed, and he and I stood drinking in the sweet sight of the curled bodies for a few ragged breaths while the sun shone and the birds sang and spring continued its springing.
“Death in the Afternoon. Champagne and absinthe.”
Mycroft’s pulse quickened. “Impossible,” he breathed.
Fingers weave into hair. Hands still, then tilt heads that mouths might draw as if each was a source of life-giving water. And maybe they are.
“Vicious.” He kissed her shoulder. “And perfect.”
Title: Bane
Moriarty dropped his head to gaze at the ant-sized world below. “It does feel as good coming out as going in.”
the stuff of nightmares. Well, then my answer’s a definite no.”
Sherlock chuckled.
Holmes drew a small box from the bookshelf and opened it. When he held up the thin circle of gold, his hand was shaking.
“…are in the offing.”
the tide?”
John drew Sherlock to him. “The former. No aversion to snakes. Trouser or the garden variety,” he said, wiggling his eyebrows.
Author’s Note: Inspired by this
“I love you, John.”
They shook hands.
“Too bad it closed a hundred years ago.”
“What does the British Government keep in his thermos flask?”
Lestrade looked over his shoulder. “It’s foul!” He grinned. “How have you been, Mister Holmes?”
“Thank you for your time. I shall give the matter serious consideration.”
“Sorry.”
“Now, I want the truth this time, Master James. How many times yesterday did you touch your dirty part?”
“What is your connection to Sherlock Holmes?”
“The ride was…”
Holmes/Watson
“I don’t know if I’ll be in the mood, but you’re welcome to try.”
“But you weren’t disturbed.”
Length: 500
“Right there. Don’t stop.”
The warm sun on my face served to ease some of the frustration which mounted as my eyes lit on rampant weeds and unpruned branches and neglected beds, but when we passed by my poor abandoned shed, I had to stifle a sob.
Title: Sunshine
Title: When in Venice
“It’s sort of like that fairy in Sleeping Beauty,” he whispered as his hands urged her to turn. “Makes you want to curse things.”
“Hello, my dear.”
Sherlock’s lips twitched in a half-smile as she eased John into her lap. Then she nuzzled at the side of John’s face and wrapped her arms protectively around her.
Lestrade laughed. “As you were, soldier.”
The words struck Moriarty, momentarily stunning him, rendering him speechless.
“Both are only highly improbable, John.”
John’s body atop his. John’s hands nailing his to the bed. John’s prick pounding his arsehole open. John pissing his come up deep inside Sherlock, laughing and swearing and saying,
“So fucking good, Sebby.”
“Yes, indeed,” said Molly as she emerged from the loo carrying an armful of towels.
Zipper.
As a rule, Greg didn’t waste a lot of time on whys. ‘Just the facts, ma’am’ was the only way to survive the job and you couldn’t just switch it off at the end of the day. But even he knew that the why of this was somewhere in that word.
Much later, when the white evening jacket is hanging in a suit bag hooked to the door of the wardrobe, he’s dragging his tongue up the inside of Seb’s thigh.
For 2020 Kinktober Day 22: Formal wear.
No sooner are the words out of his mouth than two slicked fingers are tenderly probing his rim.
I settled myself into my armchair. “I say, Holmes, this one was a most shocking affair, was it not?”
SMACK! SMACK!
Mycroft’s eye widened. Then he looked down at the key. “How did something like that get here?!”
She kissed her soundly. “Not you.
John doesn’t know. But Sherlock does.
“Now,” said Holmes as he laid the suitcase on its side, “shall we see what all the fuss is about?”
John gave Sherlock a sideways glance. “What do you have in mind?”
“I don’t care. I’m about to fornicate with a mop!”
“Yes. For what it’s worth, I’m sterile, too, so, it’s not a genuine concern for either of us. We can build brood-castles in the sky together!”
“Naughty!” scolded Mycroft. “You hadn’t even gotten started, and they’ve already done more than a third of puzzle!”
“He’ll become more affectionate over time,” said Sherlock, frowning.
“I wasn't ‘blowing it,’ Seb, I was ‘fellating’ it.”
Lestrade felt Mycroft’s keen eyes on him, then out of the top of his vision saw Mycroft lean into the chessboard. Mycroft’s voice was a whisper.
“I have a plan, my dear, if, well, things go—“
Content Notes: Angst, POV Holmes
“I don’t know why he agrees to meet with you, Boss.”
“I wanted to catch an old friend, Colonel Hayter, before he left for Surrey. He’s a good man. Got a nice estate,” I said as my companion poured tea for us both.
“Yeah, but he’s dead now.”
“That’s okay, too,” said Kate quickly, shooting a glance at Irene, who tried not to smile.
The cocktail a 'paranormal activity' is absinthe, white crème de cacao, coconut milk, and black Sambuca.
“I’m very impressed, Seb,” said Jim, looking out the window and then down at the pavement. “And very aroused.
“That was a bit unexpected.”
One corner of my mouth lifted, but I kept my gaze fixed on my hand, the one that was frigging with the wisdom of age and three continents.
“Says the Lamborghini with the hood ornaments.”
“Detective, remember?”
Lestrade looked over. Mycroft was still sleeping!
“Hello?”
“Christ, that smells good.” Lestrade was kneeling on the bed behind Sherlock. “John, would you mind—?”
And that was that.
“Good work, Sebbie.”
“Oh, princess.”
“John!”
Were the chlorine-scented nightmares like the desert sand ones?
When her breathing slowed, she turned her head again.
My mind conjured an image, a tempting image. I doubt that even King David could resist such an image, and I was no King David. But how did fantasy compare to reality? Well, the only way to know for certain would be to tiptoe to the door and peek through the…
Lestrade smiled, then dipped his head and resumed his sucking.
“Yes.”
“So ready, John. See? I need it. I’ll do anything, anything at all, to have that precious star fucking me.”
“And I need to take good care of what’s mine.”
“Fuck, it’s Christmas."
Mycroft leaned forward and plucked a pen from a jar. “You’ll wake up with the words written on your bare thigh tomorrow morning. Shall we?”
“You needn’t…”
He crooned, then resumed playing and as he played he waltzed toward the hedge, circling it to bestow an acknowledging nod and a playful smile upon Watson.
“What?! What about upstairs? Champagne and...me?”
“Please continue with your efforts. I am listening.”
“And?” Mycroft prompted.
It was soothing, almost hypnotic, watching him.
Title: Blue Star Encore
Holmes slept peacefully and woke in much lighter spirits despite the bruised ribs and contusions. And whenever the memory of Openshaw surfaced, as it did, on occasion, he would think of his battle with the ruffians near Waterloo Bridge and imagine he was defending that fresh-faced lad of two-and-twenty. And, no longer plagued by the memory of the client he had lost, he threw myself into life without reservation, or ghostly burden.
After all, seduction is an art, not a science.
“Her name was Mrs. Dittany Brown,” he said, “wife of Harold Brown, a shopkeeper. One young child. She died of a sudden, acute bout of septicemia four days ago and was buried yesterday.”
A Vodka Quarantini is vodka, green chartreuse, and dry vermouth.
“Holmes, go to bed! You’ve ruined dinner and my second—”
“The case must wait. I think, were our conditions reversed, you would advise me to not travel unaccompanied even so short a distance.”
Sherlock got to his feet and wiped his mouth with a handkerchief.
Sherlock ended the question with a pout; his lips were a pale, frosty pink but lined in gold.
“Yes, but I doubt I’ll need it all the time. Mister No-Legs can guard it when I’m down here.”
Seb nodded. “And if Christmas wasn’t right around the corner…”
SLAP!
“Oh, oh!” he cried in mock dismay. “Not the crop!”
“Maybe we’re wrong.”
“An apple raspberry martini, Detective Inspector.”
A continuation from Chapter 36.
Content Notes: Holmes/Watson; retirementlock; library renewal trope
She rode him forwards and he watched her play with her breasts until her chest was covered with streams of milk, then she turned round and rode him again.
“Pay off my tailors and buy a new scarf.”
“I am well aware that as a soldier, doctor, practical man of the world, you don’t favour personal ornamentation as a rule, and, naturally, there is a certain danger of their being observed and interpreted by outside parties, but…”
“Well, everybody’s got a secret, don’t they?”
“Yeah, I did, thanks.”
Summary: 30 one-sentence stories about the untold cases of Sherlock Holmes canon. Holmes & Watson. Gen.
“Sixty-nine.”
“Yeah! I had a sudden taste for one.”
She shook her head.
The two sitting room windows dripped with egg. A ladder stood between them and a bucket of cleaning supplies to one side.
As I neared it, I realised that the whole thing had been reassembled with bits of wire and string; it was set atop a carpet of rose petals and leaves.
. Follows on from the last chapter of that fic. Daddy kink. POV Mycroft. One line from Sherlock at the end.
Lestrade rolled, setting book and glasses aside.
Greg released Molly’s fingers—and Mycroft’s—and gripped Molly’s lower body with both hands. When his tongue resumed its circling of Molly’s clit, his hands were roughly kneading her buttocks and upper thighs.
“I’m sorry, I haven’t the time or money.”
“Lestrade and Lomax?” I whispered, even though we were alone at our own breakfast table.
“Fuck!”
Length: 400
“’Good’ is tragically inadequate descriptor, but perhaps we should resume our activities in more comfortable surroundings.”
“Quite handsome, isn’t it?” She squeezed, then she glanced across the table. “You always like yours young and rosy, Marie.”
“It’s been a while, hasn’t it?”
It's KINKTOBER! Here's the
“Can I stay with you until I find a new place?”
I confess I became a little lightheaded as he did so. Then he quickly drew the mate to mine from the box.
“Let’s not consider my internal clock. It’s your day off. I assume a lie-in is of high priority on the agenda.”
Jim pulled out and curled his arms ‘round Molly, threw them both to the floor, and rolled them under the settee.
“Yes, let’s do!” cried Marie cheerily as Martha raised her fist to knock.
“I’m close,” whispered Mary.
Cranberry juice (mainly for color, so go light)
“I’m afraid that you have a bit of, that is to say—“
“Yes. It is, more precisely, a Petit Felippe doe.”
upon four prongs, a question begs
“Let’s put it, and Reichenbach, behind us and just live on.”
Inspired by
I immediately float on my back and imagine myself a pearl whose heart is a speck of grit.
“Stroke yourself off. Nice and slow.”
“And your bollocks.”
“Oh, Holmes! Come here, my pup! Oh, he’s a friendly fellow, just like Bully!”
John’s body stirred in more ways than one, but he ignored them all. He shoved his hands in his pockets, then exclaimed, “Fuck Greg in the arse!”
“Go on. Be a good girl,” said Irene.
Mycroft chuckled despite himself. He let his gaze drift to the curls painted on Sherlock’s buttocks.
“I’m milking you,” whispered John, wondering where the words were coming from, “milking that thick, gorgeous Alpha knot.”
“Nonsense. You are a gorgeous, generous, hard-working…”
Sherlock hummed again. “Want to be naked,” he mumbled before sitting up to pull off his shirt. He resettled in his former position, his cock half hard from Mycroft’s petting.
John swallowed and stared at the stranger. He really was feeling warm, especially his prick.
“Good night.”
“Fuck! Your bike?”
It is, of course, a mad splash followed by a mad scream that echoes in my waking dreams until the sequence begins anew.
! How wonderful! It's rum and sherry, which is sort of appropriate for this.
Anyone unlucky enough to be on the pavement outside 221 Baker Street at that hour of the night would have been privy to a most incredible sight: the world’s greatest detective in nothing but a bearskin hearthrug.
“That glitter—”
Mrs. Hudson and Holmes sat together at the table in the kitchen of 221 Baker Street. She had a pile of garments to be mended in her lap. Holmes was attending to the embroidery on the second of three handkerchiefs.
Sally put her lips to Stella’s neck and grinned. “You come like a porn star.”
“The fairy gardens were excellent, but even I have to concede the idea of nursery rhyme inspired tableaus is a bit precocious.”
“An unsuccessful attempt. It’s a beautiful rendering and an interesting choice of subject. Dragon.”
His breath had been the only sound in the room. Sherlock’s noises had been muffled by the bedding.
As arranged, Mrs. Hudson supervised my activity in the kitchen from a distance with a cup of strong coffee in her hand, coffee that I am not certain wasn’t fortified with something spirited.
Here's the recipe for a
Marie eyed the pale-and-pink bottom, then gave it a gentle tap. “Oh, yes.”
The reply was an affirmative hum.
“Did it involve handcuffs? Because that’s how I got Sherlock.”
John nuzzled the back of Sherlock’s neck. “Quite irregular. You smell so good, Sherlock. That isn’t the heat.”
Retreating warmth accompanied the swish of sheets.
Perfect, really.
“Oh, shit. It’s like coming but not coming. Coming from the inside. It’s warm and sort of gooey. Oh, God. What’s you name? I want to say it when I…”
“Sylvia from Accounting thinks you’re going to propose tonight,” continued Molly.
“Anytime.”
Sherlock stood and smiled at the crowd, twirling ‘round John once more.
“Are you…?”
When Jim had shot his load down Seb’s throat, he gave his Tiger’s head an affectionate pet.
I persist. I hope.
“I did the Clarke job! So well, in fact, that I thought I deserved a little treat.”
Length: 500
As Mycroft read both sides of the paper, his smile became a smirk.
“Thank
As he slid off the stool, he grabbed his shopping bag with one hand, tipped the last of his coffee down his throat and turned—
Mycroft opened his trousers.
“There’s another remote control I want to show you.”
“Holmes. I’ve got to go. I don’t want to leave you, but I can’t stay, and you can’t come with me. You see that, don’t you?”
Her bare feet were resting on his back. His head was buried beneath the skirt, between her legs. She’d been imagining shapes in the clouds and cycling through yet another delicious orgasm, when her head had dropped to the side and she’d seen it.
“Just a little more. You’re not pink enough, princess. I want your pretty skin the colour of that pretty new corset I got you.”
Lestrade opened the flask and sniffed. “Smells fabulous. Care to join me? I know the perfect nook.”
“Please, John.” Sherlock sank his fingers into the fur around John’s neck and began to scratch. Then he leant forward and whispered in John’s ear. “I want you to fill me, stretch me, claim me. I’m begging, John.” Then Sherlock stepped out of the fur suit and slipped off his pants. He fell to the floor of the cave and turned with hindquarters raised in invitation.
Oh, fuck.
“And turn your professional consulting room into a sickroom?”
He grinned. “Successful.”
After the trauma of being shot by Garrideb, Holmes finds something to aid Watson's convalescence.
As I readied myself for bed, I heard a sound coming from the garden, and when I went to the back door, I saw Sherlock Holmes, barefoot and smiling, gliding about in a long thin dress of pale rose colour embroidered with strawberries. He was playing an enchanting tune on his violin and striding in a circle round the pedestaled sundial. His steps imitated the village maidens with precision and grace.
“Oh, all the saints and martyrs, your depravity is near limitless! But there is always room for redemption. You shall do your penance here, inside the darkness of coarse wool. Oh, fingers, too, hmm, wicked…”
Greg came up for air grinning, the lower half of his face wet.
Watson would be safe, whatever else transpired.
The three bobbed together, Mary keeping them afloat as Sherlock and John clung to her. With every breath, cocks and tentacle arms sank deeper into bodies until they were a well-knotted trio, shuddering through the first of the night’s many pleasures.
“A bottle of Saurian brandy.”
“My sunshine, getting her holes filled just the way she likes.”
“No. You are here.”
“Six,” said John sternly.
He drew it out.
And, of course, the absinthe flowed freely and cleverly
“Yoo-hoo, boys,” called Mrs. Hudson.
“Enchanting idea,” murmured Mycroft. “But Gregory—”
“Oh, thank God,” said Lestrade with a sigh. He settled back on the rug and rubbed his hand over his face. “I thought I was going mad.”
You ground. You measured. You mixed.
“There is a dark pool below us. Strange, spindly birds frolic at the inky water’s edge.”
“Perhaps, though it sounds like something from the pen of Mister H. G. Wells.” I stood and closed the distance between us. “But people have been sitting around hearths for thousands of years, telling stories about wizards, sages, magicians. Who’s to say that they won’t be sitting around hearths a thousand years from now, telling stories about you?”
“What gave it away?” asked Mycroft, folding the cloth in on itself.
“Your attention.”
“Enjoy your guinea—that is, your breakfast,” I mumbled, fleeing a heated, hunting and hungry, grey-eyed stare.
“I was here earlier on official business, and I saw you at the beginning of your shift. That business is,” he waved his hands in imitation of Lestrade’s, “but my return visit is purely personal.”
Mycroft opened the door, and light from the hallway penetrated the pitch-dark bedroom. He stopped in the threshold and announced,
With a pun-tastic name like 'Thyme Will Tell' I had to come up with something. And this was it. A bit odd, but, hey, that's life. Thyme Will Tell is bourbon, maple syrup, and, of course, thyme.
Holmes shrugged. “Nothing. Or…”
“Hopkins? Stolen art?”
“I’ve got good news and bad news, love,” said Lestrade as he strode into their bedroom, slipped behind Mycroft, and pressed his lips to Mycroft’s shoulder.
Holmes had chanced upon the set in a shop in Bond Street when he’d gone to London to see the rheumatism specialist. It was the same pattern that Watson had described, in loving detail, as belonging to his grandmother.
Sussex/retirement 'verse, genderfluid Holmes, for the Genderqueering Holmes May prompt: may day. Fluff.
Solid trunk of corded muscle. Powerful chests. Thick arms.
“I’m not going to lower my gun. Sebby is not going to lower his gun. You must lower your gun.”
Holmes watched.
Oh, let’s remove these gloves and pinch the hair on these gorgeous legs.
Mycroft removed his suit jacket and hung it on the wooden valet in the corner. He did the same with his tie and waistcoat, then unbuttoned his shirt cuffs.
The first 100 words were written for DW Drabble Zone prompt #123 (Numbers). Also for my Ladies Bingo Square: Northern/Southern Lights
“Am I wearing jeans?”
As John’s hands ran up and down Sherlock’s form, her voice cooed endearments—
There are so many different recipes for a 'rattlesnake,' ranging from tequila + tabasco to Kaluha + Bailey's + crème  de cacao to Soco + amaretto that I am loathe to recommend one, except to say they're all supposed to have a 'bite' at the end.
John set the two cases of green bottles on the floor.
“To us. And seeing the back of 2020.”
Length: 367
And then Lestrade did something extraordinary.
“Really,” I said, following up the first mild protest, “it’s been the best birthday I can remember. The lying-in and the waking-up were exquisite,” I shot Holmes a knowing glance, “and then luncheon fit for king in the very best company and a walk through the new exhibit in the very best solitude,” Holmes had had the rare foresight and thoughtfulness to spare me the aggravation of his crude commentary on modern art, “and an evening ramble. I really couldn’t ask for more, Holmes.”
“Quite good, but a bit more vigour would not be unwelcome.”
“I surrender, John. You’ve sleigh-ed me with your pun-ishment for deducing my Christmas gift. It will still be a pleasure, if not a surprise, to have an original 1893 edition of Bertillon's
But I was also heartened because it seemed like my brother’s youthful impishness, which the years had eroded, had been restored by his association with Doctor Watson.
Mycroft found the pan licked clean in the morning.
“Stop bickering and you can take turns wearing this.” Molly plucked the sparkly flower from her hair and offered it to Seb, who grinned and tucked it behind his ear.
“Then I can turn in my assignment in the morning. Whew! I worked so hard on it, and my tutor would never believe I lost it at the library. Might as well say the dog ate it. Thanks for copying it for me, too.”
“It’s the rain.”
Holmes’s eyes were round as saucers.
“The wounds on the victims revealed much about the killer’s identity. First, the shape of the wounds told the angle at which they were inflicted. I concluded the murderer must have, however improbable, swooped down upon his targets from above, like an owl attacking its prey. All other possibilities were eliminated by my demonstrations, you’ll allow?”
“Thanks, oh, God, for the idea of the goldfish, Christ, he, really, really,
Seb laughed. “No.” He gripped Jim by the hair and pulled hard, holding Jim’s gaze and attention as tightly as he held Jim’s head. “But you could suck my sweaty cock. Then join me in the shower while I suck yours.”
The base recipe had been selected from scores, then modified batch by batch over the course of a long weekend in the kitchen.
“And our own,” he added.
“What did your mother prepare on your birthday, Holmes?” I asked, then added hesitantly, in recognition of class distinctions, “Or, perhaps, Cook?”
“I think the glitter is all gone, John.”
The wet shine on his lips is that of the apple, but also that of his nails, bright crimson tips adorning the long, slender fingers currently wrapped around the dowel of the impaled fruit. He is kneeling on the seat of the sofa, facing the kitchen, both elbows resting on the arm. One foot is buried in the cushion, but the other is hanging over the edge and a sliver of scarlet flashes when he points his toes.
“Yes, ma’am,” said Kate, just before burying her grinning face in Molly’s bush.
“No. I suspect Sparrow MacCoy will drink his last drink here in Cairo, sooner or later.”
I had reached my conclusions by the seventh day of trial, when, by chance, my friend and fellow lodger, Doctor John Watson discovered me in mid-canter, so to speak. With his initial concerns quelled, he observed me on the device. I described the effects of the exercise and now I am under his personal care, following a physician prescribed and administered regimen that is, if not identical, quite similar in its stimulation of circulation and muscle use, but without drawbacks that would negatively impact my ability to meet the, notably unique, demands of my professional life.
“Not missing anyone?”
“Yes, please,” Mycroft pleaded and turned his head for a rye-flavoured kiss.
They talked about economy and frivolity. About when they were girls, for better and for worse. They sang the old songs and a few new ones. They laughed.
“But, Holmes, do you know what my second favourite part of this change of season is, specifically, my favourite part of the arrival of sunshine?”
John was floating.
“Watson.”
Hands on his waist say he may sit. He collapses.
Special.
Holmes beamed as I punctuated my statement with a kiss to his temple, but his expression reverted to its original censorious.
Rating: Teen
Mycroft gives Lestrade some cocoa. Mystrade. Oral. First time.
“Very, Boss. For a single moment, I thought they were actually going to get me for one thing I didn’t do. Molly, you’re, you’re…”
“Yes, Boss.”
Happy National Puzzle Day! The puzzle I imagine in the story is something like
Anytime he damn well pleased.
“Not at all. Our first kiss should be memorable, but the rest of our kisses should be legion.”
He and Moriarty quickly withdrew and decorated Lestrade’s back with streaks and dribbles. Then they rubbed the mess into Lestrade’s skin and praised him in soft, syrupy endearments.
Molly whimpered.
Molly had been mesmerised by pleasure and the dancing skulls, but after a while, she’d stepped her feet apart, the message clear.
This is a continuation of my Day 6 ficlet for MissDavisWrites' Advent Ficlet Challenge: Chestnut.
“Go on. Die with your face to the sun. Poets make the best martyrs. But it’ll be a shame, sir, for the world needs poets more than it needs soldiers, and it for damn sure needs a grand moustache such as yours.”
He was frightened.
“Make it hard first.”
“NO!” he cried.
Title: Mother Tongue
“Christ, you are going deaf! Did I say ‘Boy Scouts’? Fuck the Boy Scouts. I want to be a Girl Scout. Do a good turn. Every day. Well, not every day, but at least once a week. Nice suck, nice pound from my hired gun.”
He grabbed the buttocks and squeezed, pushing them together and letting them fall apart over and over.
“No, I just thought of the perfect title for the chronicle should it be published in
John’s whole body loosened as Sherlock began kissing down his neck, pausing to lick at the bond-bite site on his shoulder ridge; Sherlock’s hands caressed John’s exposed skin as they expertly rid him of his shirt.
In an isolated corner of the upstairs room, upon a pair of couches side by side, hidden by a painted screen, I brushed a hand along the side of his face.
For my part, I was breathing and observing that inhaling and exhaling in a sickroom, even a well-ventilated sickroom, was different from, and much inferior to, filling one’s lungs with fresh air directly from the source.
Rating: Gen
“Of course.”
A ghost (martini) is vanilla vodka, white chocolate liquor, half and half, and simple syrup.
“Mycroft, wait! Please come in. I apologise for presuming you were here on business other than your own. You’d hardly pay a visit for one of Sherlock’s emergencies. I’ve enough food for two if you’d care to join me for dinner.”
After Sherlock came, Lestrade cleaned up.
But Love Potion No. 9 is also the name of a martini using pomegranate juice, Chambord, strawberry vodka, and dry ice.
“Oh, Detective In—”
“Ah,” said Mycroft rolling onto his back and studying the ceiling. “It is a game. Some people bake. Some people make up Easter egg hunts for their archenemies using priceless works of art as prizes.”
Sherlock eyed their headbands. “How about a trade?”
We nodded and stood.
“I have my suspicions, but let’s open it up.”
Warnings/Tags: Supernatural elements, Vigilante justice, Minor, off-screen character death (Mrs. Turner). This is a mash-up with
“I could not agree more. You also stated that your experience in these matters extended over many nations and three separate continents.”
He cleaned them, and she laid on her side. He spooned behind her.
Then he dragged an armless chair, front and centre, and sat.
“I’ve got things to do.”
“You’re wrong. I’m not the least bit interested!”
I shot him a look.
“A car will be waiting at the end of your shift to take you wherever you wish to go, including your home or mine.”
“Well, maybe not arresting you.”
“I must.”
“If it were a question of justice, I’d would not hesitate in taking you into my confidence, my dear man, but this is a personal matter.”
“Gregory, welco—“
The question was whispered in Lestrade’s ear while they continued to watch the crowd milling about the stalls of mulled wine, fir trees, and baked sweets.
You are treasure. Price above mountains of dusty books, the ones you study ‘til your eyes weep of their own accord, volume upon volume of incantations and recipes and myths and observations. Words, words, words that no one living knows with certainty how to pronounce.
A sea. A city.
, which is a thank you gift to all my lovely Molliarty readers and will be going up in bits and pieces this week.
“I estimated based on your human cock size and your stature as a wolf. I’m ready, John. Even the knot.”
“I went to the library, did some research.”
Seb used guns, and used them very well, but he loved knives, so the choice of gift, when Jim sensed it was time to show his sniper some affection, was clear.
Molly had won the ticket as one of two prizes in a blindfolded absinthe taste-test. The other prize, of course, had been a bottle of the good stuff, a bottle which Molly hadn’t yet had occasion to open.
“Oh, good,” said Sherlock as he crossed the threshold and saw the parcel.
“Are you going to the bar tonight?” he asked when he’d used her thighs and, yes, her cleavage to come twice more.
“No!”
Mycroft grimaced. “Legwork.” He reached out a hand, and Sherlock took it and got to his feet.
It would taste like any apple, obviously, any ripe, handsome, eye-catching, swollen, plump, wholly-satisfying…
“Thanks,” said Jim. “Vagina dentata. Gets ‘em every time.” He looked up at Molly and smiled. “You are a queen.”
Mycroft strips. Mycroft/Unspecified. Lingerie. For Kinktober Day 30 - Tights/Stockings/Pantyhose.
She slept. He did not.
Watson grabbed the young man by the scruff of the neck.
“…nip in the air?”
“True.”
John carried the tray down the hall and pushed the door open with his foot and exclaimed,
“—I do not expect to find you parading around in nothing but my kilt!”
“Jim.” Her hands were on her breasts, and she bounced a little on her knees. Her body was so attuned to his touch that she came quickly and lightly.
Irene kissed the slope of Kate’s neck.
They had to stop halfway down the backstairs, but they did make the return journey to Baker Street without being booted from the cab for gross indecency.
Title: You see but you do not observe.
Sherlock pulled off John’s cock but did not look up. “Is it a nutcracker?”
—drowned in a sip of coffee.
“A pound, please,” Holmes said. He held out his hand, palm up.
“I’ve recently come into possession of an item that, well, may be in your line, detective.”
Notes: dialogue-only
“I’ll explain while we fuck.”
BANG!
Note: this chapter carries forward from the previous three, but Molly isn't part of the pairing. If you haven't read the previous chapters, just know that Molly got shagged in the body freezer by Sherlock & John and then Moriarty & Moran and when Mycroft & Lestrade show up, she mistakenly thinks they want a go too and she'd not having it, 'cause, you know, work to do.
“We should be more careful,” murmured Molly as she closed her eyes.
We stepped gingerly through the charred remains of the old cottage.
John makes coffee. Lestrade/Sherlock/John. Spit-roasting.
“Not a problem. Consider it a preview.”
When the dog-cart crested the hill, I gasped.
“We could work together, Sherly. Drive my tiger out of his mind, tease him, toy with him, bring him to the edge over and over until he begs for release. Two great minds towards one purpose, it would be spectacular, no?”
Harry had the jumper hiked up and was licking Clara’s tits.
Seb hummed and sipped. “So did I.” He took another sip. “They’re good, especially at, you know, the beginning of the season, when the weather’s changing.”
Jim smiled.
by Rihanna
Happy 2018 to all my gentle readers.
“Xanthic pallor most perplexing.”
“I’ve got the biggest gun,” said Seb with grin.
Length: 400
A fill for the DW
Mycroft’s glance caught a very slight, but thoroughly charming blush about the cheeks. And there was bit of schoolboy snickering.
“An experiment in honey?” asked John
“Victor,” said Holmes, his voice and body quaking.
“You like candy canes, too?”
On the flower-strewn meadow, with leafy branches
Watson commented on the loveliness of the landscape, green spring below, white winter above, and his undisguised joy recalled that of my youngest associates when I had met with them for a final consultation—to bestow upon each a hearty pension.
“Mendelssohn’s nice.”
They made there way out of the pub and down the street.
John climbed.
“All right. Put Mayfair on ice. New priority: find out what product that flea-bitten hearth rug uses in his hair.”
“I know I shouldn’t be here. Just tell me if he’s okay.”
“Yes, it is. Quite irregular. So?”
You’re a storyteller with a pronounced weakness for a ribald story in a sonorous voice.
“I’ve found someone for that part,” said Kate. “Here she is.”
“Very clever way to traffic them throughout the country. And no one ever wins those games. Well, almost no one.”
Author's Note: for the WW monthly prompt: blossom.
Holmes dug further and lifted yet another layer out.
Then she was bracing herself against the wall with arms outstretched, her splayed knees sinking into the soft mattress. Then she was lowering her cunt to his greedy mouth as the pads of his fingers dug into her buttocks. Then she was coming, again, bucking into him, losing purchase and falling back onto stained sheets.
I heard Holmes move, then the squeak of his bedroom door. I chastised myself silently for my weakness and foolishness, and then he returned.
“How could I not be?” answered Sherlock. He chuckled against John’s skin. “My very beautiful, very gravid Omega is leaking milk and begging to be mounted.”
“We understand,” I said.
Molly stuck her head out.
Jeanine grinned. “Perfect. Good night, charming.”
“I don’t think so. I made a casual comment about Sherlock’s sudden spike in libido. Do you know what he blamed it on?”
Stella curled her fingers.
“The flash of steel, the eldritch snap,
“You’re thinking of him,” whispered Mycroft.
Jim's not dead (again). Hurt/Comfort. Moriarty/Molly/Moran. Sex on a beach.
Molly smiled, then raised an eyebrow. “Fuck me like Antonio fucks his piece on the side?”
“It’s not that. You’re…”
He turned, eyes cast downward, and wobbled.
“No, this place keeps its secrets, doesn’t it?”
She was drinking him in with her eyes. Did she know that her fingers were toying with her nipples, drawing circles round them, pinching them? Milky drops leaked anew. She didn’t seem to notice.
Before I had a chance to ask him what he meant, Inspector Mackenzie, attired in a bath-issued robe, appeared on the stone edge, looming over us.
I glanced at Holmes, who gave a minute nod of acknowledgement, but there was something else in his expression, something I didn’t recognise.
“I’ve kept him ready, Mister Holmes.”
“Shit!” Sally grabbed the corner of the tarpaulin and drew it over the two of them.
Oh, Watson.
Chocolate. Hazelnut. Vanilla. Cinnamon. Buttercream. Ganache. Cognac.
They mean more time with John.
Author's Note: Inspired by
“It would have been absurd, not to say cruel, of me to demand a fine as you haul the man away to chokey!”
“There is my practice,” I murmured.
Watson's last letter. Retirementlock. Implied Major Character Death. Angst.
, Ma-
“I want to take you home and scrub your entire body with steel wool and then worship you.”
‘Shoo!’ he mouthed as the furry eight-legged creature sauntered away.
“No,” said Holmes. “Our ride to the station has not yet arrived.”
“Inside me!”
“Nothing like two pussies rubbing together, is there? Especially when one of them is yours,” said Irene. She pressed the bottle of sunscreen into Molly’s hand. “Do yourself.”
Sally unzipped a jacket pocket. “Time for a couple of tiny alterations then.”
“That is all, sir. Your servants await your return.”
“Act Three.”
A heavy glass appeared into my hand.
Another ghostly presence rose before my eyes. “Not exactly,” I said and took a sip of whiskey.
The birds, the bees, the flowers, the breeze. The heat. The sunshine. I suppose it has always made old goats randy, and Holmes and I were no different.
I stared, then laughed.
Old Violin of Unknown Provenance is a drink. It is Schladerer kirschwasser, Amaro Nonino, Fee Bros. barrel aged bitters, Regan’s orange bitters, absinthe rinse, and lemon peel garnish.
“You threw drugged glitter on all us!”
“You’re gonna get it, Seb. Tonight, I’m going to scourge you like Jesus Lupin Christ himself.”
Oh, that smile. A particular blend of teeth and lips and facial musculature that makes one’s knees weak, that makes one lose one’s grip on...
Mycroft smiled and stood. The petticoat settled about him, then curtsied and tapped his mobile.
“Stay still. It’s a testament to your fame, Holmes, that people would create such stories. And that other people would buy them. Here, look at this light.”
“You weren’t. Until now.”
know how Rome was divided.”
Mycroft loosened, then removed his tie and hung it up on a special rack in the closet. He unbuttoned his cuffs and collar and the top two buttons of his shirt and drew his shirt tails from his trousers. He unbuckled his belt and hung it up in the closet. He crossed the room and finished unbuttoning his shirt and dropped it into the wicker bin.
And when they are sated and clean and dry once more and John has kissed Sherlock’s cheek ‘good night’ and allowed his gaze to go dull and his eyelids to flutter closed…
gift, they couldn’t help but be persuaded, Mister Holmes.”
Sherlock ran his hands up and down his sides. The glitter was painted in silver and gold metallic swirls, almost a paisley pattern, all over his exposed skin, which was all the skin he had except for cock and nipples. The knickers, John confirmed when Sherlock turned round again, were a thong, and Sherlock’s bare buttocks were on display and decorated and jiggling.
“I do, but it’s hardly worth—“
“Ugh!”
John returned the book to the shelf. The poem might not be Sherlock’s. The book appeared to have had at least a couple of prior owners, and John didn’t know Sherlock’s handwriting very well.
No one saw Seb brought to heel. No one saw the lead tethered to a ring in the side of a wall of rock. No one saw Seb’s cock being sucked, then abandoned. No one saw Seb being brought to the edge, then left unsatisfied, over and over. No one saw Seb lunge, pulling at the lead, hard, but not too hard. No one heard Seb growl.
Janine emerged from the thicket. “I thought you were dead!”
Self-preservation eventually bid him stop. He surfaced and blinked owlishly at her. He felt the weight of his vulnerability very suddenly.
“Indeed?” breathed Mycroft when the kiss broke.
“Please do.”
“Now, Marie!”
—which were no less charming for being received by equine ears.
those who hunger and thirst after righteousness,” I reminded him.
“I could lend you something to keep you warm,” said John.
He marveled at the sitting room: the magnificent Christmas tree with all the trimmings and the miniature snow-covered village encircled by train tracks. He listened to the ‘toot, toot’ of the engine as it made its way ‘round. He washed the rest of the pie down with the remainder of cocktail and set the glass on the window sill, then resumed the journey of the rose petals.
John harrumphed but did as bid.
He turned back, give the front of the knickers a few upward strokes before saying,
But how to get from here to there? The pond appeared too deep to wade across. As soon as they arrived at the edge where land met water, Martha began to give instructions, and together they assembled a kind of floating bridge, and a they worked, Martha muttered.
“I’m supposed to meet someone.”
Seb had begun by pretending to slit Jim’s throat, pretending to slit Jim’s wrists, pretending to nick Jim’s femoral artery, all foreplay.
“Detective Inspector? Shelter from the storm?”
“You don’t have to woo me, you bastard.”
John glanced at Mycroft’s suit. The floor of a car was no match for something that looked like a country tweed but probably cost more than his army pension.
A tough. A crack shot. A top-shelf knot-tier. And a mouth made for sin.
“Sound advice,” admitted Holmes.
“…bringing you the crop you left in the mortuary,” said Molly.
We do not remain in the herbal steam bath. With one shared glance we arrive, by mute and mutual agreement, at the decision that I voice upon egress:
And they were both sprawled on the sitting room rug!
“Sherlock got the better of you?”
Second egg.
The face was deadly serious, and the voice, very low, very quick, and full of urgency.
Suddenly, he broke away.
“’Til the end of my days, Jimmy.”
John turned his head and met Sherlock’s gaze. There must’ve been a question in John’s eyes because Sherlock nodded.
“You really have been very careless.”
A casual observer might have thought the scene strange, a huge, hulking, Scandinavian-looking figure in loose swimming trunks being led like a pet down the beach by a dark-haired, petite companion in a natty three-piece linen suit.
Rating: Teen (for suggested dark themes)
“Say hello. That’s all I’m asking. For old times’ sake.”
Mycroft’s double-blink was the only sign the request was a surprise.
Suddenly, the tower upon which Sherlock was dancing lit up. Then something shifted above the crowd. It looked like cords or cables, but by the time John recognised it as a zipline, Sherlock was already flying overhead, showering the pulsing throng with a sprinkling of stardust.
. Have a seat.”
John stared, then set the game on the seat of his armchair and crossed his arms over his chest.
And woke.
Some were perceptive and good-hearted enough to understand it for the farewell it was, but when a few sorrowfully protested my departure, I urged them to not spare a single tear for me, but rather for each other. Evil thinks nothing of dispatching the small and invisible. They must care for one another just as Watson did of me.
'Verse: ACD
“He’s a good friend, Vi,” added Lomax. “The best of friends in a pinch.”
Watson. In his bed. In nothing but an unbuttoned shirt. Pleasuring himself.
“You aren’t by any chance looking for pomegranates or pomegranate juice?” asked Molly.
“Sorry.”
“Me, too, Holmes. This prank business. I’m sorry. A truce, please?”
John woke to pinching.
Rating: Teen
“They seem to be quite apt in blade,
“And I was right to insist, Watson. Your old army friend was only in town for one night, and my case, if you generously deign to call it that, was a simple domestic matter made complex by a butler who was fond of detective stories, yours, in particular, by the way, you owe him an autographed copy of your most recent collection in return for his confession. Oh, where was? Yes, he decided that the crime scene he’d stumbled upon was too straightforward, so he added some clues. Irrelevant, unnecessary, and positively maddening clues of no importance!”
