okay. Dean had asked him and pushed him when Cas needed it. He had been the one to make him talk about things when it was good for him, even if he hadn’t wanted to.
“Not a comment on your reading skills,” the man whispered back to him. “Nothing has gotten him to sleep quite as quick, not since he got scared on the boat on the way here.”
“Oh.”
Still, when she got up and left the place, holding hands with Anna, it felt like part of his life walked away from him. The door fell shut behind them and finally, officially, she was out.
His smokey clothes were better than a hospital gown with his ass on show, even if that would at least be clean.
“What happened?” Cas had to give it to her, she actually sounded worried. “Are you okay?”
“When did she get pregnant?”
“It’ll be official.” It scared him. That all their ties would be cut. “She won’t be my wife anymore.”
had barely started when Dean fell asleep on Cas’s shoulder and if anything, Cas didn’t have the heart to wake him up.
"I'll drink to that," Sam said with a smile, raising his glass and then he turned his head to kiss Jess. Mary heaved a dramatic sigh.
birthday. He was dressed to go out of town and shouldered a bag. The gate to the garden, fixed now, was open and Sam's horse was waiting patiently beyond the confines of Castiel's banishment.
"Maybe this isn't a good idea," Benny started, but Dean waved at him.
"You're buddies with many gods, huh?"
"But what about the woman the witness mentioned?" Sam wondered.
Dean had felt pretty good in Seattle, even though he had been busy, but the moment he was back behind his desk in Ohio, he felt off-kilter again. He tried to ignore it and work through it, but it simply persisted. Cas sent him a text during lunch time, reminding him to think to eat, but Dean merely looked at it, felt that dark and heavy feeling inside of him expand and expand, so he turned the phone screen down on the table. He ignored the salad Tessa had put on his desk and he said a cheerful good-bye to her when she frowned into his office at 5 PM. When he got home from work at 10 PM he fell straight into bed and thought of nothing.
"Well, then I guess we'll go say hi to Grandma Millie when we move your stuff to your dorm," Dean said and shot Cas a smile to let him know he meant it. "She's a nice old lady, she'll love Jack. She always loved feeding her alpha boys." With that Mary invited them all to relocate to the living room, while they waited for the dinner to finish cooking.
"We don't want to exclude you, but I assumed you might be more comfortable staying among yourselves," Anna said, guiding Dean to one comfortable looking corner with a long table and benches. "Mingle if you want to," she added with a wink. Soon after that pots and pans with food were put on their table. Anna demonstratively put a bit of the food on a plate for herself, sampling everything, probably in a demonstration that it wasn't poisoned. Not that there would be any point in poisoning their key prisoner now. Anna hummed contently and licked her lips. She quirked her eyebrows, then she took her leave.
Dean got out of the car, then he grabbed his bag from the passenger side and made his way to the door. The door opened almost immediately after he rang the bell. The kid that opened the door, Jack presumably, looked relieved to see him.
"Luke is an ass, but he is concerned that Jack has the best. He's his firstborn alpha son after all," Castiel explained, while they all helped build the furniture. "And I'm not going to say no to him buying all Jack needs and being interested in him. It's only fair he contributes to Jack's wellbeing."
"Dreamy scented omega…?" Dean asked and Castiel felt his face heat up and dread pool in his stomach. "I'm Dean Winchester, Emma's dad."
While eating, Dean watched how Naomi fussed over Cas, who was really slow to diminish the food on his place. When Naomi caught Dean staring she shot him a dangerous look. But before Dean could decide what kind of face he wanted to show her in return, the angel sitting next to him (a maid if he wasn't mistaken) started talking to him about traditional wedding food in Winchester.
"Hand me a copy of your schedule," Dean demanded, ignoring Cas completely, but at least possessing enough common sense not just to barge into an omega dragon's abode without invitation. Castiel narrowed his eyes at him, but Dean was grinning disarmingly. Handsome face totally relaxed. Again, that bubble of irritation formed inside of Castiel, making his face feel a bit hot. "Come on. Maybe I want to learn? What if I knock up some poor omega?" Castiel stared at him for the casual way Dean could even suggest such a thing. Cas knew about Dean's reputation, though he had always assumed it to be slightly exaggerated. Surely nobody could be having that much sex and still maintain straight As in a majority of his classes. Though Dean also skipped a lot of his classes, claiming boredom. And that had irritated Cas. The lack of dedication, taking everything for granted, treating everything as a joke. Well, this wasn't a joke to Cas. But there was still that niggling sense of worry in a remote part of his brain. What if Dean did knock up someone? What if he was honorable enough to support them? Could Castiel live with himself if their unfortunate egg perished because Dean didn't know how to maintain its ideal core temperature?
"Yes," Cas said and Jack's frown just deepened.
"I… can you share information on your investigation?" he asked and Dean smiled placatingly.
"Then maybe think about that," she suggested, then she reached out and gave his shoulder a squeeze, before she rode away, leaving Dean alone with his thoughts.
"I won't," Cas answered with a sigh. "I was cursed by the witch my father traded me in for. I was a young boy then."
"I will do that, thank you," he said and Anna smiled at him. "Uh, one more question," he asked and Anna tilted her head at him. "When I was on the field and Cas showed up… I could see… uh… wings."
"Sorry about being a no show the last two days. I had a lot to think about," Dean said when he took a seat, Cas did the same and studied Dean, his expression guarded, but at least he wasn't angry.
His mood soured instantly. It was better not to trust any of them.
"I can't read you," Cas eventually decided, voice sounding irritated but not wary. Cas pushed the cup against the god's chest so that he had to take it. "You're not human, but I don't know what you are." Now it was Dean's turn to grin proudly.
"Love you," Dean muttered into Castiel's hair.
"Yes… Though I admit I'm… quite resistant to forming those kind of bonds. Most people in Milton Manor are in communion, because it's comforting and beneficial. I've always shied away from forming bonds…"
"We're gonna be at a college, during a time when lots of people move their stuff. I don't want someone to accidentally put a scratch on Baby because they're not watching what they're doing," Dean defended his choice. It sounded sensible to Cas, but Jack was still pouting when he got into the backseat.
“Can you show me to your closet?” Dean asked. Jack nodded at once and led Dean up the stairs and down the hall into a tidy bedroom. Jack pointed towards the closet. Dean grabbed his EMF reader and switched it on, all under the watchful eyes of Jack. Dean showed him the device. “This is what we call an EMF reader. It will pick up on a ghost’s presence.” Dean held it towards the closet, but the reader remained silent.
"Well, then I'll let you settle in," Dean said, gesturing around the room. Then, he stuck his hand out to Novak, who stared down at it in confusion. "Welcome to Sandover. And to my home," he added, laughing uneasily. "I'm Dean."
"Bobby felt it was too simple, too sloppy as I've mentioned before. Like it had been orchestrated. Attract the attention of a hunter by obvious kills and then get someone killed."
"Are you seriously going to miss out on pie just to swing your sword around for hours?"
Dean understood the gravity of the situation and waiting to hear what the dude wanted was gnawing at him. Dean couldn't tell what Cas was thinking just by his expression but he was pretty sure the tension he felt partially was Castiel's own emotions filtering through their connection.
"Well, that's good enough for me," he said and pulled out an angel blade, mostly for the comfort of not being unprepared. Sam had the holy oil and lighter and Jack held on to a flask of holy water.
"And that regard is deep enough to continue your aid even if Dean returns to us? Is it deep enough to return Dean to us?" The usual feeling of deep sadness rose in Castiel, but there was no doubt about his answer.
Castiel's sobbing ebbed away as the light faded and he stared at the ceiling. Magic welled up inside of him, from deep, deep within, exposed now by the tears inside of his carefully constructed shield. His eyes glowed, bright blue.
“Can you tell me about this incident?” he asked. Jack actually was relieved that he got permission to speak about it.
"It can't be destroyed easily. The men would always try when they realized that the Sennentuntschi was dangerous, which is why it retaliates by breaking the body of its victim. Regular fire won't do, but as it's inherently demonic, I should have no problem smiting it. Holy fire and holy water should also do."
– a supernatural creature up until recently. "Dean's not interested in hunting me." The woman's expression morphed from incredulous to understanding, almost pitying.
"Well, knock yourself out," he said and pushed it towards Cas. Confused, Cas took the bottle and then Gabriel saluted, before he stepped into an alley and vanished, leaving Castiel standing there, with the bottle in hand.
“Yes, I’d say so. Just from a parental perspective, I feel this was a good moment.”
"I… uh… don't usually do this," he admitted.
"Gabriel is one of the four kings," Castiel said and Dean turned his head around to stare at Cas. He was frowning at Dean now.
"Interesting and time consuming. This is the first visit to Kansas this year we've managed to pull off," Jess explains, putting her hand on Sam's leg.
"Of course. I'm not gonna miss your big day!" Dean answered, hugging back until Jack was happy to let him go again, a wide, happy grin on his face.
"I always do," he grumbled, while Cas pinched the bridge of his nose, clearly not enjoying this too much, so he refrained to tell Naomi all about just how much pleasure Cas got out of Dean's attention. Naomi's mouth twitched, then she looked back to Cas.
"Mercy?! Really, Bobby?" Dean asked, outraged. "I'm gonna be some angel's slave and you call that mercy?!" Bobby glared at him.
"I'm sorry," Castiel said, still not quite close enough to scent Dean. "I also only learnt that it was relevant when I showed up at the men's shelter." Dean's mouth twitched at that and finally Cas was closing in on him.
Dean came across it by accident. He didn't mean to snoop, but he was someone who liked to touch and fiddle with things. And maybe he got curious and wondered why Cas had a jewelry box in their bedroom, placed next to a photo of a beautiful red-haired woman smiling into the camera. He knew her to be Cas' mom Anna, who had died when he was still young, but Cas didn't really come out with further information and Dean knew what it was like to lose a parent and how though it still was to talk about it decades later. But he was curious and Cas had never said anything about it. So here Dean was with a worn, old looking necklace dangling from his fingers. The string was leather and pretty unassuming, but at the end was a pendant that looked eerily out of place in Castiel's house. Of course, Dean could be wrong, but he was almost sure that this was a ward against witches, not all that different to the ones he had in his arsenal. But how did something like this come into Cas' possession? Frowning, Dean's eyes slipped from the pendant to the box and then to the picture. The woman in the pic had a black string around her neck, but the necklace disappeared under her shirt, so he couldn't say if this was Cas' mother's.
"Yeah, me too. I don't mean to be so cranky. It's just all about Lucifer and about being at the mercy of his games is frustrating. No decent dude just knocks up a woman and disposes of the child. And don't get me started on the whole alleged aim to destroy us," he said. Castiel sighed, his breath ruffling Dean's hair.
"As Uriel warned, I'm fairly untrained when it gets to hosting, so we will not be having great communal meals where your presence is required. But this wing has its own banquet hall, so you are welcome to hold appropriate meals with your entourage." Dean wasn't sure what exactly the angels thought they did at court all day. (Or if he assumed Dean even had the time to play at being a spoilt prince who enjoyed the decadence of high society every day.) However, he merely nodded and that seemed to be good enough for Castiel.
"It's an honor," Cas said solemnly and Dean gave him a little shove, but there was no mistaking the bubble of warm, fuzzy feelings extending in Dean's chest.
"I command the armies of Enoch and I can assure you that we have not been mobilizing to attack you. Big military operations are generally reported to the General of the Army, which is Anna. But individual Commanders and Kings can also make decisions that pertain to their own realm. However, attacking humans would be in direct violation of our laws."
"Possibly. But not only did Michael tell me that I was to answer your aggression as I saw fit, which I interpreted as being allowed to let you surrender and go home. Michael specifically told me it was my choice what to do with
"No, we don't."
"You know Charlie?" he asked and then he frowned. "So I guess you are the handsome bisexual man she wanted to set me up with… That's a bit embarrassing."
"Yes," he said shortly. Mary's face fell but she could do nothing but accept it. Dean couldn't quite meet her face, so he turned to Adam instead. "Be good, alright?"
Dean opened the door to his car, the same one he had driven back in high school, pretty much too big and conspicuous for their school or their suburb.
"Somehow I doubt that. Of course, they have the power," Lady Bevell said, her voice low. Dean turned his head to study her. She was close to him in age, her face yet untouched by war, but there was a tiny thin scar across her eyebrow which had been caused by an errant wooden toy.
"Yes, Cas. I'm fine. More than fine. I'm happy," he said, feeling content. Cas hummed, seeming pensive, but eventually he snuggled close, throwing his arm and one leg over Dean. Dean groaned, feeling the leg disturb his full stomach.
"I understand," the god said and Dean stared at him, getting to see a big grin. Human looking or not, his teeth were still sharp. "I'd wager a guess that this is thanks to the magic of the crossing," he said and Dean lifted his eyebrows. The god's voice sounded slightly stilted and accented, but it was easier than to speak in Latin and make a dozen mistakes in every other sentence.
,” Dean said with a tense smile. “I’m talking to my best friend trapped in some sort of hell dimension and I’m not sure if I haven’t passed out and am dreaming all of this.” The comforting warmth Cas had basked in was gradually replaced by worry. Never mind Dean’s rather persistent doubt, it was not a good sign for Dean to drink heavily.
"Yes, that would have been possible… But Michael waited and I was on a mission with another flight. I could have been called back at once, the moment the angels knew of your movement, but I was only called when you had already taken your position in Pontiac. Why the delay?"
"I think I'll get out of your hair now," he said.
With one last look of reverence at the only marking post of the land of humans coming to an end, the witch stepped out of the still standing tower and crossed the ruins of what had once been a building. A fortress maybe, but time and the old magic and the stubbornness of the human soul had worn it down. But the witch knew that to magic stone and mortar were not of lasting import; today a witch came looking for the road towards the Wild. Maybe another day this ruin would be needed for something else. The magic would know and the witch did not need to ponder it.
"This is somewhat new to me, I just don't want to make a mistake," Dean told her. "Cas seems to be pretty chill about having me around Jack and just letting the kid do what he feels comfortable with, but I'm still a bit nervous."
"I think that's the usual procedure when property gets abandoned," Castiel told him but Dean seemed determined.
"Fine."
?!" But even as he said that he lifted his arm, a vague invitation for Cas to approach.
Soon he could see the unassuming structure of the Bunker, he could see the stairs leading down. Dry leaves crunched under his feet. Usually, he was the one who did the sweeping out here, when he was bored while Sam and Dean slept or were away on a case without him. Dean apparently hadn’t bothered to clean in a while and Cas tried to ignore the uncomfortable feeling of the debris poking his soles. When he looked at the bottom of his feet they were dirty and reddened, but the skin wasn’t broken, despite the hours of walking.
By midday, not long after the first clash of weapons, Dean knew that this was not a battle they could win. He was in the thick of it, finding it increasingly hard to orient himself in an army that moved so surely, with so much purpose. Sure, Dean's men were good, the best on the continent even, but this was hopeless. This was a slaughter.
"Dad!" Jack called, sliding back into the room with a serious expression. "I'll carry up my stuff."
"You have to be ready," he said and Castiel tensed. Gabriel held his eyes for a while longer, then he lifted his head and sighed. His shoulders slumped, his powerful aura receding deeper into himself. "Look. Just think about it. Clearly you've got a thing for the Winchester boy. You found something in him and he found something in you or something equally sappy. I don't know. But Dean isn't king yet. All those little promises he makes you in-between sweet kisses? Worthless."
"I missed you," he admitted, pillowing his head on Dean's chest.
"Michael learned of your movement long before you stationed your army of course," Castiel said.
"Oh, that's okay. I prefer my Star Wars pajamas anyway."
"What are you moping about?"
. Dean had avoided thinking about those terrifying moments at the end of battle while reluctantly letting himself be dressed, but he remembered this angel leaning over him, seeing his blue eyes replace the dimming sky. And then Dean had been plunged into darkness, all pain and terror falling off of him as he succumbed. The odd sensation in his chest seemed to tingle and Dean rubbed at it absent-mindedly. The angel was staring back at him with an intense look but then his eyes dropped down to the movement of his hands. The bald guy snorted and that seemed to break the spell.
Dean grabbed the witch catcher, then he looked at Castiel again.
"I guess I have to talk to him after all," he complained. Charlie rolled her eyes at him.
When the light of dusk faded, he got up with a sigh and climbed up the stairs to the attic area of the tower. He went to one of the small windows and opened it to invite in the nice night breeze. In the distance he could see bits and pieces of the firework they set off at the end of the village fest. Castiel leant out of the window to look his fill. He had spent so much time worrying and he wouldn't stop anytime soon, but there was a somewhat serene calm the night brought too. Maybe he was simply worrying too much. He would have liked to keep a close eye on Sam to know if there would be a surge in power. He doubted that Sam would suddenly turn evil, because magic didn't work like that. On top of that Castiel knew Sam to be good. There was no other way to describe it, despite the demonic magic that was a part of him, Castiel had never felt evil in him. No, he didn't worry about that at all. But he didn’t like not knowing what would happen to Sam when he couldn't keep an eye on him. Or know where he was for that matter.
," Dean said, disgusted and embarrassed, pushing at the tape deck to leave it to Metallica to diffuse this situation. Sam at least also looked slightly uncomfortable, but he smiled too widely, nodding at Jack without meeting either Jack or Cas' eyes.
"He's got a point," Uriel agreed, but he didn't seem particularly passionate about the issue.
"Uff, thanks Cas," Dean said but both of them chuckled. "How did you break the curse?"
It was his mom who had suggested he try online dating because "all the young people did it". It was cute that his mom still considered him part of the young crowd, but he wasn't sure it was a great idea. So he put it off, visited Sam and Jess and spent a weekend sweating his balls off during a LARP campaign as Spears, trusty sword-wielding handmaiden to the Queen of Moondor. (One day Dean would actually come up with his own character, but he was too used to playing the role Charlie had jokingly assigned him when she had first dragged him with her.)
"Even if you're telling the truth, it doesn't make a difference. Even if the spell didn't take root, Cas still cast it, he still lied to me, he betrayed me," he decided. Gabriel heaved a sigh and got up.
"And now what? The bond's complete, Cas' Grace can recharge and you two are just going to ignore that you had sex?" Charlie wondered. "Don't get me wrong, I'm not judging. It's just that you seem pretty chill about what went on even though you've had a change of heart about Cas barely two seconds ago."
"What a sight for sore eyes!" he greeted and walked up to them. He hugged Ellen and didn't even hesitate to also wrap Cas in a firm hug. "Even the hermit witch is here!" he said with a teasing grin. Castiel didn't even notice the comment, he was too preoccupied by the feeling of Dean's arms around him. Since his mother's death, nobody had touched Castiel with such familiarity. He felt Dean's strong scent wrap around him, mingle with his own in perfect harmony. Dean grinned at him, his cheeks slightly red, then he clapped him on his shoulder, his touch lingering and eyes often finding Castiel's again.
"You better not pass out again, like when I touched you the last time," he warned.
"I feel the same," Dean told him, slightly breathless. "Let's rescue Sam and then we're going to fix it. I promise, Cas. I will fix everything." Castiel bit his lips but he allowed hope and adoration to fill his chest. "Okay?"
"Well, it's a good start. And if we're lucky you've still got a couple of years to learn before you ascend to the throne," John told him, putting his hand on Dean's shoulder. "That is, if Castiel will let you go." Dean's spirits sank at that.
"Uh, I don't know… I don't know if dad has a type…" Jack frowned. "Father is tall, has blue eyes, blond hair… But I'm not sure if that constitutes a type."
. It's a good company, I have a good team under me, it's just… well, at one point you wonder if this is where you really want to be for the next 20 years. I worked hard to get to my position. Basically working 7 days a week for the last 15 years… But the mere thought of going on like this until I'm Chief of Marketing and Sales when I'm 50? I don't know, Cas… No space for relationships, no space for family… Just the corporate pack." Cas wrinkled his nose.
Claire read out loud and then frowned, but before she could ask Jack about it, he clicked open a picture, grinning at her while it loaded.
"Why?" Dean wondered, unsure how to answer this question. Jack shrugged, and he didn't really look all that worried about the subject, even though he was frowning lightly, making him look even more like Cas.
"We've been on walks, but we never quite made it to the village. Maybe we could go, take Jack out to see some other things." Dean darted a look at the window, where heavy clouds were bringing more summer rain. "Maybe once it clears up." Castiel chuckled.
"Did you tell Dean about the issues you had?" Jimmy wondered, his voice careful. Cas nodded even though he hadn’t really gone into any detail. "Even if you couldn't get pregnant again after Jack, doesn't mean there was any issue on your end… You did have to try a bit for Jack too and back then Luke was more invested…"
The great viewing of little prince Sam was a wonderful party. Almost as grand as the one for prince Dean had been. With people (all humans) from near and far coming to look into the crib, coo over his adorable chubby cheeks and dazzling laughter, bringing with them gifts and well-wishes. However, as Mary and John were about to finally relax and let their guard down, the doors to the great hall where they had set up Sam's viewing, opened up once more. The guards jumped to the side in surprise and the people protecting the royal family on the other side of the room were quick to draw their blades. All the cheerful voices in the room had broken off in surprise and all stared at the open door. Some guards and servants who had been outside peeked in curiously.
"Cas, you've got to expand your horizon," Dean said, tugging at the lapel of Cas' trench coat. They were alone in the bunker, which was a rather rare occurrence nowadays. Cas had heard that particular sentence many times before.
Needless to say, Dean wasn't the only one who gave his parents the cold shoulder from then on out. Charlie had a good cry about it, once she learnt the truth and Adam shared his righteous anger about it. Sam of course had never had any issue challenging his parents, having more leeway in his interactions with them, because he didn't hold the same representative position at court as Dean did. The rules and regulations dictated that John and Mary were King and Queen first, parents second, at least when it got to Dean. This had gotten them all into hot water in the past, but Dean never felt as suffocated by his position as he did now. He had no idea how to rein in his anger, nor his sense of betrayal.
Castiel heaved a sigh and turned away from the window. He was probably out celebrating reaching maturity with his friends. He shouldn't feel abandoned. Sam was a young human and he had friends, other than Cas. Of course Sam would prefer to spend his time with his circle of friends and not with his somewhat overbearing parent. Rowena had long warned him that this would happen anyway, as children were ungrateful. He too had left her side, breaking her mother heart. Which was theatrics of course, since she had tried to trade his life for power and when that hadn’t turned out quite the way she had planned to, she put him under a violent curse to make him her tool. No, Rowena hadn't possessed a shred of maternal love for him. Maybe she liked him, the way one liked a puzzle that was hard to crack, and she clearly liked Sam as well, but the feelings weren't very soft and maternal. Castiel however had put a lot of effort into raising Sam and letting him know that he was loved and cherished even if his parents had given him up. Taking care of a child for 18 years taught him a lot about what he had actually missed while growing up. Actually, what he had missed his entire life.
"It's not gonna happen," he said, his voice like Dean would have expected it to sound after hacking up poisonous rotten Grace goo.
"No, I meant I-" Dean started, but didn't know how to finish because what exactly were they talking about now.
"And you never thought to… you know, break out of exile? You must have been able to."
"Hell, what would it have mattered? I was just another hunter. Let me be killed, help me get away, face your coven, die as a traitor. You had options, but you chose to ruin both of us."
"Do you, by chance, want another cup?" he asked and Dean laughed at that.
"Got info. Are you alone?" Dean was almost tempted to lie because this didn't sound good, but he didn't hesitate before taking the phone and texting back that Cas would be gone for a while. A moment later Charlie called.
"No sweetie. I'm just visiting," she said with a smile, closing the book she had been studying to give them her full attention. "My name is Anael, I'm a member of the High Council,"
"Anything else I should be aware of? Four days is early but you might be able to tell. I'd like to know if your circumstances change," she said and Cas frowned.
"And yet it had to be done," he said to which Uriel lifted an eyebrow. "Michael gave me free reign in how to deal with Dean."
"Sam's not going to eat it anyway," was all Castiel said. Dean let it be and thanked him for the meal before tucking in. It was tasty and fulfilling after a hard couple of days looking for Sam so close to the edge of civilization. While Cas was observing Dean, he wasn't doing so in a menacing way.
His little spark of hope for a somewhat agreeable project were quickly dashed by Visyak pulling out a clip board, announcing that they would be paired up into alpha-omega pairs.
"She's asking if I'm pregnant," he said and Dean almost shot out of his chair.
"I think it will need more than just a bit of sleep," Castiel said because he knew how demanding those spells were from his own experience now. He had been a fool to trust Metatron as long as he did. Sam chuckled.
Jack looked up when he heard the sound of the Bunker door swinging open. It was easy to recognize Sam and Dean by how they walked down the stairs and soon enough they were walking into the library.
"Mom would have my head if I didn't. Even though I'm actually getting a bit tired of the constant driving." Dean liked travelling, but leaving straight from work to visit Cas, then leaving around midday on Saturday to get some hours of sleep and breakfast at his parents' place and then do the whole long drive back for a shower and a nap before work on Monday? Kinda rough, even on his alpha physiology. He drank some of his beer, unsure how to possibly fix that issue without having to tell his mom he'd have to cut down on the visits. He noticed after a moment that Cas was unusually still next to him. He turned to look at him. "What is it?"
Castiel wasn't exactly surprised by his son's claim of Millie, since he was generally quick to get attached, but that Millie was so accepting of this within such a short amount of time was rather unusual. But welcome. Cas knew where his heart was and Millie's easy acceptance that Dean and Cas were sure about their relationship was refreshing.
"Sam, stop the games," Dean spoke up and finally came closer. He looked down at Castiel, his face unreadable. "It was Raphael. He killed your mother." Castiel looked at him and somehow the words blew away all his other thoughts and feelings, the words of apology and begging dying on his tongue.
"Yeah, and do you see me letting you drive the damn car? No, so shut up!" Dean groused, glaring at Sam. Then he looked back at the road, with the same intense glare he usually reserved for nests of vampires or pack of werewolves.
Cas was peeking out of the kitchen window when Dean got out of the car and Dean couldn't help the feeling of warmth and happiness that spread in his chest when there was someone at the door, waiting for him.
“Could you have Dean’s offspring, Cas?” Jack wondered, before Dean and Cas could continue to bicker. Dean almost stumbled down the stairs to the bunker door, but caught himself.
This particular evening was especially wretched because the heating had gone out and Castiel kept himself warm with coffee and anger at maintenance for being slow to fix it. Emma came with a box of heavenly smelling pecan pie and Castiel could have wept with gratitude.
"You smell of dirt," Cas commented after he had greeted Dean with a kiss. He took the duffle bag out of Dean's hands. "How about a bath? I'll have dinner ready for you afterwards," he said and Dean could only nod gratefully. "I'll put this into your office."
"John?" It was Queen Mary, her face drawn and pale when she looked at her husband, but the moment she noticed that Dean was sitting up in bed, she gasped.
"It was a stupid plan," Cas added unhelpfully and Dean fought the urge to roll his. But the god looked over his shoulder to study Dean as well. His dark eyes were hard to read and his expression was carefully neutral. Without a word he looked back down at Castiel who was still stretched out on the table, not looking any stiffer than he usually did.
"Oh, everything's fine," Jack assured him, "but Cas told me about his plan to move to Ohio." Dean opened his mouth, uncomprehending what was going on right now.
Mary knocked at the door and Castiel's grip tightened on the basket's handle. It took a while but then a couple opened up, smiling even though Cas could see their misery.
"Let's cut the small talk short. We're here to discuss the project in case you still insist on being involved," Castiel announced, feeling flustered and somewhat embarrassed even though he had no reason to be.
"Impressive," the god commented under his breath but Dean didn't feel it in himself to be proud about it.
"Indeed, he isn't," she said, but she still looked stubborn and tight-lipped. Dean suppressed a groan.
Now the three months were already up and Sam's 18
“If he’s awake, yes,” the Empty said with glee. “All the things you have fought, all the evils your beloved Dean and millennia of unfortunate tragic heroes before him have died to vanquish, will be returned into being.” Castiel stared at the Shadow, torn. He desperately wanted to go back, but he couldn’t do this to the world. He couldn’t do this to Dean, who would have to be the one who cleaned up whatever the Empty spat out. “Well?” The Shadow’s grin was only growing bigger.
"Nothing," Sam said in his usual innocent tone. "I'm just wondering what's going on in your head. You should be excited to be back."
"Of course. And a garage for the cars. A big ass garage if I can't convince you to give up your crappy car." Cas rolled his eyes. Dean chuckled, but he fell silent when Cas fixed him with a more serious look. "What?"
He couldn't trust Rowena, a witch from Hell, any more than he could trust Ketch. Hell, even less than he could trust Ketch, since Ketch at least was vetted by Hess. That hadn't meant much in the long run, but at least he had been able to accept acting on it because Kendrick was allied to them. Sure, she was one of Bobby's magic contacts, but did that make her trustworthy? Dean simply didn't know.
! So I suggest you shut up and –" Castiel lifted his hand silently and the other angel relented with an eyeroll, taking half a step back.
"I'd love to."
Hello and welcome back to another chapter!
"I am enthusiastic about making sure that Elysium, and especially Enoch, will be peaceful and prosperous. But I'm not interested in leading. Of course, I will do my duty and push to end or at least reduce our isolation. If we had interacted with humans more it would have been harder to pull this plot off." Dean had to agree with that, the fact that they knew nothing about each other did make them vulnerable to misinformation. Castiel studied him and when a small smile appeared on his lips, Dean raised his eyebrow in confusion.
"Dean Winchester?" the woman asked, taking the reins of Dean's horse too. Dean climbed off and nodded at her. Her eyes dropped to the clothing he was wearing, which were simple travelling clothes, but still something he'd wear on a diplomatic mission. He was dressed according to his rank.
"I'm sorry Dean…" Cas muttered against the top of his head and then rubbed his cheek against Dean's hair. Dean had the feeling he wasn't apologizing for his weight (nothing Dean actually minded, it was nice having Cas in his lap). Dean rubbed Cas' back.
"Jack, grab your stuff, we're having pizza night at Anna's place," he said. Jack didn't question it, chirping a quick "okay" before he went back into his room to grab his backpack.
He heard the sound of wings flapping and when he turned to look to their temporary shelter, he found a crow having ascended into the air. Castiel walked away from the abandoned hut, following the faint shadow the bird cast over the tall grass. It was a comfortable summer evening, not too cold, but also not very chilly. There was no path he followed, but there was a pull inside him, resonating magic that showed him the way. He entered a line of old trees, their barks furrowed, cracked and covered in lichen, but very much alive still. As he stepped out of the copse of trees it felt like he dove into warm water, but then the sensation was gone and he found himself in a field of glowing flowers. Magic was humming in the air, pinpricks of light glowed in the air and there were shards of flickering light breaking through the space, like the curious eyes of children, peeking through the holes in a fence. He had grossed into the wild land, the magic alive and untamed, but not menacing. It was simply being, existing, brushing past and through Castiel, its music humming in the hollow spaces between his rips. But Cas had no interest in basking in it, there was no time to get lost.
"I'm not sleeping in your room then," Novak observed and put his laptop bag on the desk before he turned to study Dean. Dean felt his face heat up, but he kept his expression neutral.
"Angels are built a certain way," Naomi explained, not waiting for Dean to decide if he even wanted to be courteous enough to ask if he was ill. "We share each other with our mates and so far you have refused him. It's inconveniencing Cas, but it's been said that humans aren't capable of feeling compassion, so I don't expect you to care," she said, then she walked out of the room without sparing him another glace.
"Nah. Cas isn't like that. You should know that by now, he's had some opportunities to show you that he's a softie." That wasn't exactly the word Dean would use to describe Cas. "But I don't know. He seemed pretty… Humiliated I'd say. And probably also a bit hurt. So don't expect to just get away with it."
"I couldn't find anything on Anna either. No records of her before she moved to Beverly. Also no records at all of Castiel's father. Not even a name on the birth certificate. I don't know whether Anna fled from the coven or was a part of it. But it's very likely that she got killed because of something that was connected to the coven."
"Of course," Castiel said but Dean couldn't say at all what he was thinking, his face impossible to read.
"Damnit, Dean," Cas muttered, worry and adoration warring inside of him. Dean was probably still driving, but he made sure to send him a text.
"No, definitely not," he said with a laugh.
“I don’t… I don’t want to do this on the phone Cas. But I am gonna beg if I have to. Dude… I’m gonna make you every promise on earth, just… come back,” Dean said, calling Cas’ attention back to the phone call. “I-“ A muffled sound came through the phone and then Dean screamed. “Son of a bitch!!” Alarmed, Cas sprang up on his feet.
"Yeah… Yeah they did, but I didn't go through with the last trial… It wasn't pleasant letting the magical charge up run out of me, but… well… A couple of hours of sleep and I think I'll be good as new."
miss the festivities!" Dean and Cas looked at each other and the god started to chuckle softly.
Asmodeus materialized in front of them, his white suit impeccable, standing out against the derelict hut.
"There's a small village not too far from here if you take the narrow path branching off," Castiel said, hood of his overcoat pulled over his head. Dean squinted at the path forking off some 100 meters away with little enthusiasm. But the rain was uncomfortable and starting to get everywhere and Impala was losing patience as well. So he guided them off the proper street into far more uneven terrain. For a while they were making good progress, but then the cart's rattling got even louder and they got almost stuck in mud and then in holes. Until eventually there was a loud crash that tugged at the horse and jolted Dean. He turned around in his saddle and found Castiel had rolled off into a puddle, while the cart had broken up into parts, one wheel taking its leave, puttering by the frowning witch. Castiel got up, dripping wet and muddy. But he seemed to bear it with some dignity. But Dean just groaned.
"Back in Winchester for the first time in years. How's it feel?" Dean asked clearly in high spirits and happy to make conversations. Castiel would have preferred to just be left alone with his thoughts but he wouldn't deny the prince a conversation.
"We would be very obliged, thank you madam," Dean told her gently and she ducked her head, smiling. She went behind the counter and fetched the key. Dean saw her wipe her eyes again, wondering just what it was that weighed on her heart. "I'll take you to your room."
“Yeah.” He hated the reason why. “I’m sorry, Gabe--”
“Of course.” His brother seemed to want to answer, to say something, ask, but decided against it. Cas was glad for it. Talking about Meg was the last thing he wanted to do. Gabriel left some stuff with him, knowing he’d need them. “Call me?”
It took Cas a good few seconds before he realised that Dean was upstairs with Claire changing her diaper. He heard the pull of the sticky tabs and a quick
It had hurt, but still, he humoured her. “Can’t wait to not be your husband anymore.” There was truth in it. He couldn’t wait not to be anymore.
Cas hated the thought that he should probably leave the room so he could call around. He had to see if there was someone who could give them a place to stay for the next couple of days. Weeks, maybe - long enough for them to be able to figure out how to move on from here. He didn’t know what to do about it, either, what options there were for them.
“You really don’t have to -”
The sand was still wet from the heavy downpour of that afternoon, but Cas didn’t mind. He focused his thoughts on the ebb and flow of the ocean. It always managed to calm him down, so long as he was alone.
He couldn’t stay with Dean forever. As much as it was a safe haven to stay right now, there were things Cas had to settle. He had to restart his life, he couldn’t wait forever.
IN THE MATTER OF THE MARRIAGE OF: Meg Novak (born: Masters) vs. Castiel Novak
“What?”
“You lost a lot?”
It had hurt even more to hear her say that, but it had helped. Helped him close that part off. She’d wanted them to meet up at a random diner. It was the place that they had their first date, the place that she told him that she was pregnant. Weeks ago, he’d have hated it.
It was fine with Cas. It wasn’t that they were anything other than friends. In the past couple of weeks, he’d gotten more and more painfully aware of the way that his heart started clenching when he saw Claire and Dean together, at the way she clung to Dean more than she ever had to Meg, even if she’d been around her in the forming moments of her life.
Gabriel showed up half an hour later, after a quick text to ask which room they were in. He told Cas he’d been on his way to work, but drove back for some stuff and called his boss that he’d be late today.
“I was awake,” Dean shrugged, rubbing one thumb along her back. “I might as well. Besides, she likes me.”
For a moment, he couldn’t comprehend what the insurance clerk told him. Cas just stared at the tired face,
As if sensing his fears, Trix - Dean’s orange tabby - came up to him and rubbed her face against his legs. Almost as if she wanted to say that it would be okay, that he didn’t have to worry about it. She meowed before rubbing her face against him again and hobbling up the stairs to her Dean.
‘Thank you. And we did, if it works out we’ll see you then, man. Have a good evening, Cas.”
“Do you know if this is one of ours? I keep losing track.” The in and out flow of the teddy bears in their possession was constant. “I don’t think that I’ve seen it before, but. It was here with the strollers.”
Twenty minutes later he came back downstairs. He’d changed into comfortable clothes, but his hair was still damp. His eyes were red and even though his face didn’t seem red of puffy, Cas wondered if he’d been crying.
But not in the usual,
Cas did however not know what possessed him to get out of his car. He climbed out before he’d given it more than a second thought. Within a minute he was walking up to Dean, who looked around almost worried when he heard sudden footsteps coming his way.
“She is,” Dean echoed. “She is.”
“It’s okay.” Cas would probably do the same, take a nap when Claire went down after her bottle. “I’m sorry.”
After a while, Dean had taken up baby sitting the little girl and had gone to the garden with her. She’d sat on a play mat and smashed random buttons that made animal noises. He’d played airplane with her, Jess sitting on the grass next to Dean and grinning up at them.
. An angel choir might have sung it, and it still wouldn’t have been as beautiful as Dean just now.
The clean up was the worst part of having the reading hour. There was always too much clutter and candy wrappers on the floor and what felt like a thousand pillows scattered all around the reading nook.
"Hell, I don't know either," Dean said and heaved a sigh, scratching the back of his head. "Admittedly, I have been too busy with other duties and this has never crossed my mind as being concerning."
"Aren't you at your father's place?" Cas asked and Dean could see the frown form. "I thought he was taking you fishing."
"I'm not just any run of the mill god, my friend," the god said with an amused huff. "I am a god of life, not one of selfish greed. I won't keep the life that has been sacrificed to me. When empowered by a sacrifice I am able to revive people. I can return Cas' life to him right away."
"I accept," he said and Uriel's mouth pulled up.
"Whether someone is pulling the strings behind it or this was an… error of judgement on our side," Dean started after they had been silent for some minutes, both preoccupied by their own thoughts. "Is this something we have to worry about in the long term?"
"Everybody in if you don't want to walk!" Uriel shouted. Charlie turned to Dean.
"Gabriel turned you… into a barista as a prank?" Dean asked once he recovered. "How does he even know what a barista is? Isn't he a 13
"Sam Winchester," Castiel said, not having to guess. Dean had been kind of tight-lipped about his family, but he had shown him pictures of Sam.
"Hey," answered a deep voice. A shiver ran down Castiel's spine. What a voice…! He heard the man breathe in deeply. "Look, no offense man, but I'm not super sold on letting Emma stay with you."
“I suppose,” he said with a frown, but then he tilted his head, taking in Dean with yet another box. “Just how many boxes of clothes do you have? And where did you have them in Dayton?” Dean colored right away.
"I do, Cas, I just ignored them. For a long time I haven't seen my stay here as anything but an unjust punishment for trying to do the right thing. But to be honest I knew back then, on the night before the battle, that this wasn't right. You don't just attack a country on some hunch. My parents made a mistake and they paid the price. They and the kingdom at large will continue to pay the price if I don't step up." Dean took a breath and looked at Cas, lowering his head slightly to put intent behind his words. "Together you and me can do much better things than apart." Castiel looked surprised, but didn't say anything. "So… if you're willing then I'd like for us to consummate our marriage."
Cas had sent afterwards, along with a picture of… a potato, Dean assumed. There had been no further text from Cas after that and Dean felt guilt burn through him.
"I bet," she said, "just be sure to see to Cas' pleasure as well." That took some of the wind out of Dean's sails.
"Mom, if you've found the storage, then how is this a case?" Sam asked. "Do you need help transporting them or…" Mary sighed sadly.
me? Are you out of your mind?" Cas hissed at him, not backing down in the slightest. "And who are you talk about humiliation?" Luke narrowed his eyes at him. "What do you think I felt like when you cheated on me? When you continue to cheat on me? You never even tried to hide it. And I should have called it quits after the first time you asked me to pay your 3000$ weekend with that escort girl!"
“Hello?”
The ground below him continued to shake and at one point it made ripples beneath his feet, each step shooting a wide circle around him into the darkness.
He scanned Bobby's letter again, particularly the part about their meagre findings:
"I can just imagine Luke and Gabriel dragging Jack to a night club to 'let his alpha out' or whatever alpha initiation ritual they might come up with," he grumbled. Dean sat down on the bed too. "Jack's far more interested in Star Wars than in dating."
"Welcome to my home," he announced cheerfully. "Come, I'll give you the quick tour." Cas followed Dean around the very spacious, modern looking apartment. It had a high ceiling and what it lacked in walls it made up in windows. It was a typical open concept place, all white, black and chrome, with leather furniture, vaguely reminding Cas of Dean's car (baby, not his Prius). Cas peeked into the rooms Dean showed him (guest room, office, home gym, storage) but the only place he was very interested in right now was the bedroom. The bed was big, standing in the center of the room. There was a walk-in closet and a spacious bathroom. Cas put his bag down on the foot of the bed and walked over to a wall of curtains, peeking behind at the windows and door to the balcony that seemed to run the whole length from bedroom to living space.
Castiel loved his son, he really did. But right now he was thinking about grounding him until he left for college.
"I know you're worried about me," Jack said, his voice slightly muffled, but Cas wasn't going to let him out of the hug just yet. "And that you feel weird about not seeing me all the time."
“It means have sex,” Cas explained. “Based on context they must have assumed that you were my offspring together with either Sam and Dean.”
“I was told to come down here. I’m Emma Winchester…,” she said and Castiel smiled at her, pointing an open palm towards the empty seat opposite him. Emma strolled into the room, confident and with a pleasant smile. They shook hands and then Emma handed him a thin manila file with her name written on it in Hannah’s script.
"Right… I think you got the wrong shelter, boy," the man said and then he reached out to the phone next to him, picking up the receiver and punching in some numbers.
"Of all the things, I didn't expect this," Benny said, sipping water, while Dean was getting dressed. Luckily the angels weren't forcing him into a ridiculous robe. He got to wear the wedding suit, one of his fancier uniforms that his parents had sent with him. Hannah did look at the weapons that were in the chest, all of the angel killing kind.
"John," she finally said and the witch nodded.
"I… I don't… I don't know…" Castiel said and Dean was flabbergasted.
"Hm? Well, there's an old cabin – more of a shed really – that belongs to her girlfriend's grandfather," she explained promptly. Well, that was a good lead. "Denise isn't in trouble, right…?" Dean turned away from the window and showed the woman a reassuring smile.
"Of course, Sister Jo," Cas eventually muttered and Dean felt bad for him. But when Cas sat down the coffee, Dean wanted to tell the woman – Sister Jo? Was she a nun or something? – that while he appreciated the coffee, he was already taken.
Maybe it had been a last minute thing and they’d called in pretty late. Maybe Ellen had tried to call him, but his phone would’ve gone straight to voicemail.
He had found his home, and he wouldn’t want to be anywhere else.
“Good morning,” Cas said, gentle smile on his face. He tried to hide that his heart was racing in his chest. He could feel his heart beating in his temples. His thoughts was running 120 miles an hour. “Or should I say good afternoon? Do you want lunch?”
“Why did you?” He heard a whispered ask who Claire was from the other side and a hushed
“Hey, Gabe,” he mumbled. “Something happened.”
.•° ✿ °•.
“Dean?”
He forced himself to not think about it. Not the time, not the place.
“It seems to have put him right to sleep,” Cas commented as he walked past them, a small smile on his lips.
Eventually, after a week, she picked up. He didn’t know if what was worse. The fact that she hadn’t called him back all week, or the fact that a sleepy, other woman answered the phone instead of his almost ex-wife.
Cas ignored the slightly worried expression on Dean’s face, and walked up the stairs to the bedroom.
“I’d like to say that I do well with guys, too,” he said, mock hurt. “Guys like me too, asshole.”
Instead, Naomi Novak had grinned, put a spoon in front of him and asked his brother to make it float to her hands.
"Remember, I have a twin brother," Castiel whispered to him and Dean nodded, then they went into the kitchen where everyone tried to look very casual. He obviously recognized Cas' twin at once and was a bit unsettled to see that the only visible difference was that Jimmy knew how to comb his hair. Their clothing style was similar too, so Dean had a short moment of worry for the inevitable confusion happening in the future.
"You wouldn't believe me, I… I can't talk about it. It's crazy…!"
"Damn it," he whispered. "It hurts so much that I wish I didn't feel anything. And I… I know I should probably kill you for what you did. But I can't. I can't even hate you. Damn you, Cas!" Dean shouted, making Cas flinch. "I love you and I feel such deep betrayal that I fear it'll never go away!"
He went into the living room, making sure that he hadn't forgotten to put anything back into place during his search for arcane objects.
"Is it? You seem to be totally fine!" Cas argued but didn't try to squirm out of Dean's hold. Dean laughed, letting himself fall back into his pillow. "You are fine, right?"
"I'm not a baby!" Emma interjected and Castiel heard Mr. Winchester groan in irritation. But then a sharp hiss followed in the groan's wake and Castiel was definitely sure that his face was tomato red now. Mr. Winchester huffed and Cas held on to the phone with a grip far too tight.
"I spoke to the boss and it looks like we've got a task for you," Zachariah continued and Dean nodded patiently. Zachariah lifted both of his hands, placatingly and that made Dean finally pull himself out of his mental rescheduling for the day. "I know that the task might seem unconventional, but the man upstairs really needs this done. And I know you're just the man for it."
Cas hoped his brother would be okay with seeing Claire in it, that it wouldn’t be too much of a memory. He didn’t complain though. Cas was thankful for anything not hospital or not smelling of smoke. Anything that could take the memories away from him.
It was only part of him now. Not all of him, like it had been before. Something about the way she’d not told her new girlfriend anything about them had made something inside him go sour. It had made him fall silent.
Mary threw them the biggest smile. “Why thank you.” She held the flowers out so Claire could reach them too. She gladly pointed at them and kept saying ‘pretty!’ over and over and over again until it made all of them laugh.
like you?” It was meant as a joke. Dean looked back wounded.
Cas’s heart felt heavy, thinking about Meg so much again. He hadn’t ever looked back and seen it in the new light. Seen the bad nights and the manipulation for what they were. He wasn’t ready to recognise it in any case. It wasn’t the time. It was too much.
Even though it was summer and the occasional tourist would drop in to the bookshop, they rarely came in to listen to the stories. Many came for a romantic get away, only bringing the kid if they really had to. Yet, here he seemed to be, by himself.
“No. But is she right now if she’s with another girl?” No. She hadn’t been for a long time. But she’d felt like she was anyway. He could pretend that she was missing him too.
“I’ll make a note of it,” Dean said as he awkwardly followed Cas into the dark store. Until the lights flickered on, the store always had this ominous feeling to it. They’d never quite figured out if it was just because it was a store usually buzzing with customers in the dark and that was weird, or if it was just the building giving it some charm.
“I don’t think so,” she said, head tilted. “Does it have a circle on the tag? I mark ours with a red sharpie when they come in.”
But they had also known that if they were stuck, they could come and ask him for help. They had known that Dean was smart and might as well be up to good things, even if he loved playing it off like it wasn’t the case at all.
Cas would need it, if he wanted to go out to the grocery store when Dean wasn’t there or when he was on duty. He couldn’t stay cooped up in the house, not forever. He had to be able to take his daughter out for walks or go to a park, or anything at all.
Every time after a major argument, he got the idea to leave, pack up. Now too, the thought haunted him. He could pack up the things he needed and go on the next ferry.  Build a new life for himself. Away from all of this.
There was only one thing that managed to distract him from thinking about all the maybes. It was Claire, still asleep in his arms. She looked the same as always now that she was cleaned up. She was still herself. At least she was a constant right now. He couldn’t wait to take her home, and feel at peace too.
“I’ve called everyone I know.” Cas had. Even if he hadn’t called, he had sent them messages. “And my parents… no.” He could barely stand to be in the same room as them, let alone live with them for a while. “I don’t think that’s an option at all.”
He really needed to get that new phone.
“Shit, man.”
“I’m sorry about the house,” she said. “I know you loved the place.” He had loved it. He really had. He had fallen in love with it when they had first gone to see it. He was the one who had pushed Meg to consider it. “I’m glad you’re okay.”
.•° ✿ °•.
He stuck his head out, looking over the darkness of the streets. At first glance, there was no one to be seen. The lampposts were dimmed during the night, the light barely enough to see anything except for the half meter lit up around the poles.
He was back to sleep before his head even hit the pillow.
“Look,” he heard the man whisper, “he’s telling a story. Why don’t we listen for a little bit?”
All he had was the window. It hadn’t popped yet, he could open it. Sure, they were one floor up, but he could protect her. She would be okay.
kind. Usually, Dean tried to at least call or text to let him know he’d be that late.
“I think you realise now, that she’s not good.” Dean spoke carefully, as if he didn’t know if he was overstepping or not. “I don’t think you will. But if you do, try and remember. She’s not the person you have in your head, man.”
“Yeah. She got pregnant pretty quickly after too,” Dean shook his head. “Married too, you know? Mom and I were scared, because you know Sam - sometimes he gets in head over heels. But they work great together: she keeps him on his toes, she keeps her motivated to finish school. She was seven months pregnant, her feet were swollen and her back hurt, but it was a beautiful day.”
“Call it small town solidarity,” Cas said, a small smile on his lips. “Good for you, your neighbors
Dean had helped him a great deal, given him a pep talk. He’d even arranged things at the firehouse so that he could be there with him. It could mean that he still had to leave at some point to respond to a fire, but he was there. And that was important to Cas.
“It happens.” He didn’t know if the coolness remained in his voice, or if he was just dreaming it. “She left her daughter and her husband. The paperwork is almost done now, I just need to drop it off at the post office-”
He felt like an idiot, knocking on the door to a house he now was calling his home, even if it was only temporary. He should be able to unlock the door, just go in. Cas felt too awkward asking for the key, though. As if he was asking for something he wasn’t supposed to have.
“He’s good.” Dean threw him a soft grin. “Married now, they have a little baby girl. She’s turning one next month and you know him. They’re planning a nice get together and a cake smash and god knows what. For a baby.” Cas couldn’t help but smile at that image. “Do you remember Jess?”
It was nice, to have this. To for the first time in a long time have a real home to come home to. They’d fallen into a routine that worked. Dean worked almost every other day in between having a couple of days off and always had someone to come home to. Castiel worked from home most days, so that he could watch Claire and not give essentially his entire wages to a nanny.
“Will depend on this one,” Dean answered before walking to one of the strollers in the back of the shop, “But we’d love to. You do have a great voice. The kid loved you.”
It was when Cas was downstairs, feeding Claire that Dean walked down the steps. Cas barely heard him come down, got spooked when he was suddenly behind him making coffee with a very sleepy expression on his face.
They talked about Meg for an hour, while watching a lame tv movie in the background. Castiel talked about the things he hadn’t mentioned before, the ways she would lash out. The shard of glass in his fingers. The way that she left for a month when she was five months pregnant because they weren’t doing okay.
“Maybe later? I’m sorry.”
“Look who the cat dragged in,” she said with a small smile when she stepped back from Dean. “Is that my little Cas?”
“How are you feeling about meeting her again?”
Charlie - the tech nerd that she was - asked to see it when he arrived back and insisted on helping him set it up. He was capable of doing it, but he also knew his best friend. It was like giving a dog a new toy.
It was his turn to repay him the favor. He wanted to be there for him.
“Kids do that sometimes,” Cas admitted, looking in to see the red, tear streaked baby. “I’m sorry, it’s terrible when they’re fighting sleep.”
“You know, you might be surprised at the answer,” Sam had said before stepping through the doors to join the rest of the family outside.
be, but she was not and that freightened Cas.
Dean was
“Hey,” Cas mumbled, looking up from where he was perched on the floor. He was too shaken with the sudden realisation, he didn’t quite know what to say. “I’m -” His face still looked dirty in a way, even if Cas was sure he’d taken a shower before leaving the station.
“Are you okay?” Dean sounded worried, half out of breath as if he’d run up the stairs to come see if something was going on.
Anna had a similar story. She’d been seventeen when she figured out that the fires that randomly started on the school grounds had been her doing. It hadn’t been her who noticed, but him. He’d pointed out to her that every time she had a particularly bad class with a teacher she hated, a bush would catch on fire, or a desk.
In a panicked moment, he looked for Claire, didn’t know where she was. It was only then that he heard her soft whimpers and saw her in the fold-out crib flush against to the bed that he calmed down. She was safe. Unhappy? Yes. But safe, and that was what felt most important to Cas.
“I know the feeling,” Dean sighed. “It sucks. We lost everything too. My mom hated it.”
Just the way they were and as if they’d always been part of it. As if they belonged there. Even though Claire was not related to them at all. It warmed Cas’ heart more than he’d like to admit.
His feet were accustomed to much worse temperatures than this.
“Yeah. Kinda like when you fall on your knee once and it hurts, but then you fall on that knee the next day and you realise that hurt was
And okay, maybe he liked looking at Dean sleeping against his shoulder. And maybe he loved it even more when he eventually settled in his lap. Cas allowed himself to play with his hair while he slept, pretending to watch the movie.
Thankfully, he had good things to think about.He knew very well that the second that he left the shop and came home, he would eat something and then immediately start falling asleep on the couch. It was just the way things usually went. However, he already had plans for his day off. He was determined to not let anything push them to the side. Nothing would come between him and a good long night sleep, together with reading on the beach.
“Hello?” His brother, too, sounded sleepy, but the hum of the car engine in the background told him that at least he had already been awake.
He texted a couple of people during the night, the people he knew would still be up. All of them came back with the same answer: they were really sorry but it just wasn’t possible right now. There was one more person he could call — two, technically, but he would rather avoid calling the last.
• • •
“Looking at some pictures,” he said, turning the laptop so Dean could see too. “Seeing what’s left, I guess.”
The realisation dawned on him suddenly, seeing Dean’s tired face and the soot in his hair. Last night, Cas had been too into finally being able to hold his daughter and the pure anxiety that came with her being trapped inside. For all he’d known, the president could’ve walked up to him and handed her over and he wouldn’t have noticed.
Part of Cas hated it. Hated that he was telling all off this when it was all too clearly over, when he all to clearly needed to move on.
Dean came home around eight, with soot still clinging to his hair and the bags under his eyes clear. In the past weeks, they’d settled into a little routine. Cas would make him breakfast, get coffee ready and make sure he could have a quick meal before going up to bed.
do it.
“We’re currently in a divorce-” Cas didn’t want to talk to her, didn’t even know if she’d reply to his calls. His heart felt heavy at the thought he’d have to see her again, in real life; at the thought that she could be terrible about it and want some of the money. That she could state it in the paperwork. Maybe she would be terrible and suddenly demand that she wanted Claire away from him and only in her life. “It will be difficult to get in touch with her.”
“I’m sorry, Dean.”
.•° ✿ °•.
Their grandmother had the same gift as Anna, but had been a lot more focused and in control of it. She always told them she’d been ten when she managed to light the fireplace on fire.
“Different how?”
Cas supposed that the worry was normal in living with a firefighter. He was acutely aware of the fact that Dean would leave the house at six am to get to the fire station and that he wouldn’t come back until eight am the next day. That there might be a day he wouldn’t come back.
.’ What the hell did Sam mean?
“Hello?”
But he couldn’t, not tonight. It had been too much, too long a day. The thought of adding that confrontation to his list of things to do was too much.
For a second, Cas realised just how different this was. How effortless.
“Yeah.” He shouldn’t be sad about some of them. Memories like Meg seven months pregnant lounging by a pool shouldn’t be considered good memories. “I lost essentially everything that wasn’t online. And even then, I still lost a lot of those.”
“It was in the house.” The realisation dawned on Cas then. The thought that he would have to file for them all over again, bring his pen to the page again,
He could hear Ben wail over his music. He felt sorry for the guy - he truly did. Cas had dealt with a lot of kids in his lifetime. Somehow, over the years, he’d become the designated babysitter. Maybe it was because he didn’t seem to be presenting his magic, maybe it was because he was always helping out.
Curiosity got the better of Cas. As the parents got up and packed their kids away in their strollers, he couldn’t help but seek him out, make some conversation. It wasn’t as unusual,  he often did have a little chat with the parents afterwards, sometimes with the kids too.
Cas knew his family didn’t understand what it felt like; they weren’t the ones who were born without the gift.
“I’m happy for him.” And Cas had to admit, he
.•° ✿ °•.
He tried calling Dean twice, before resorting to sending him a message. Cas knew that if he was just driving, he wouldn’t be able to pick up the phone. He tried to tell himself that it was just that, that nothing had happened to him.
Charlie had already started by the time he came back out. She was rearranging the books that belonged in the kids corner, plucking them up from the floor and back on the shelf. Castiel burst out in laughter when he saw her - crouched like a princess in her pillow and teddy bear kingdom.
Cas knew that he should at some point, because Claire would wake up and want food. She was asleep in a bouncer next to the couch, so Cas could get to her easily, but the thought that he’d wake Dean, who really needed the sleep, made him cringe.
keychain. “You can put them on something else if you mind. I thought it might be easy to have them on something.”
“You’d save me twice in 24 hours.”
“Is Meg there?”
Cas’s choice was Tuesday. It worked for him, and that was what was most important. A lot of the tasks that he wouldn’t get done on Saturdays he was in the shop alone got done on Monday, including a big clean of the entire shop before opening that he usually came about an hour early for.
“I am always glad to hear that.”
“It doesn’t. No one came back to ask for it, right?”
Cas didn’t. Not really. The images were still too vivid in his brain. He couldn’t deal with talking about it just yet. Not with Dean, not barely hours after they had met again.
It took him a moment to recognize Dean Winchester, standing behind him. He hadn’t seen him in years, and even though he hadn’t changed a lot, Cas hadn’t expected him there. Of all the moments, he wondered why now. Why show up now, when things were going to crap for him.
“This is Sadie,” he read, book out for the kids to see. “No, no. That’s just a box isn’t it. Where do you think Sadie could be?” The picture on the page was only of a box, just whisps of hair sticking out of the top. “Sadie is hiding
okay. Anna was the only one who seemed to understand. She was fine just letting him be who he was.
“Busy,” Cas admitted. “I plunged from college into work into marriage into having a baby.”
Claire was finally fast asleep in his arms. Just the thought of having her sleep in the cot had made his heart skip a beat. Cas was almost afraid that she’d get away from him; that it would mean not keeping an eye on her properly. She seemed to sense it too, kept crying when she was in her bed by herself. Only when he held her would she settle and fall asleep.
His mother hadn’t been shocked or angry. She hadn’t given Gabe a lesson about how he shouldn’t have done it and how it was dangerous. How he could have emptied a steaming cup of tea in his brother’s lap and burned him.
“I see. And now you want to try again?”
"Yeah, that we did," Dean said with a chuckle.
"So like… You are his dad now?" Charlie wondered, looking at Dean for confirmation. "And you too?"
"Tell me something I don't know," Dean groused, sitting down on the edge of the table, even though Bobby looked at him with disapproval. "I need something to work with, here!"
“And I’m Dean,” Dean said, stepping inside.
And he would cherish that.
"Of course. Give me a moment," he said, mustering a smile of his own, and went behind the counter to brew more coffee.
see the sky!" Dean announced through his teeth.
"Be his prison guard, keep him in check until we have trained people to be strong enough to fend against the danger," she said and it sounded very much like an order. Castiel had a sinking feeling he knew what that meant. Only a knight of noble birth would be able to vanquish the kind of evil Sam will become.
"Uhm, thank you?" Cas added and Rowena winked at him. Dean glowered at her, but didn't say anything.
"I'll give you a moment," Dean whispered as he passed Cas, then he got into his car. Cas hesitated, but he did walk up to Jack. Jack was smiling at him, one of his big, sincere smiles, that always had Cas melt. He heaved a sigh and wrapped his arms around Jack, pulling him close. He breathed in his familiar scent and Jack's nose brushed his neck too, cuddling and sniffing.
Castiel felt the chains around his heart unravelling further.
"Right." The other Dean said after the silence had stretched on for far too long. "Then let's see that blood magic." He turned to look at Dean. "Do you have an altar by chance?"
"What?" Dean asked when Gabriel stood back up, clapping his hands.
"Really? Did Bobby find out some stuff?" she asked. "Because while it's not half as bad as I thought it would be, I'm starting to feel a bit claustrophobic." Dean laughed. "I'm serious. We can't even leave to check out Milton Heights!"
"Affectionate is the word you're looking for, John," Mary told him with a laugh, the she looked at Dean. "That's normal. Some alpha boys will try to challenge everyone, especially alphas in the family, to figure out boundaries and their place in the family. You did that too for a bit, but usually you were looking to your dad for guidance and affection."
"A child with demon blood, yes. Why would you give him up?" Castiel asked, sterner than he had ever been with Mary. He wasn't a fool; he knew that this touched an old wound painfully. But instead of reacting with shame, Mary bristled.
"We certainly have to equip Rooney with the ability to defend against demons on their own or ask them to give up the settlement," Bobby mused, then he studied Cas. "Have you battled demons before?"
He could force the issue, confront Cas, maybe it was even the right thing to do. But how could Dean? It wasn't only a question of betraying Cas, it was also his heart on the line.
"Never harm humans, Cas," she had whispered into his hair, "it is so easy to do harm, but it will take work to do good."
"I know, but I have to put in the effort Cas. I've neglected my relationships, I've neglected my family… I have to change things. I
"Shit…," Dean said, his hands hovering over the blade uselessly, until he finally grabbed the hilt and pulled it out. He looked at the blade, then he let it clatter to the floor and bent over Cas, to cradle him close. "Cas…!"
"You and Cas are absolutely horrible when you're arguing," Sam told him, clearly tired of this whole mess. Dean stared at him, part reproachful, part incredulous. How could Sam not feel
Dean threw his dish towel at him.
While he tried to attend to his own feelings in peace, keeping a glass of whiskey in his hand, his godly counterpart did all the talking for him. He was cheerful and open, both with Sam and Mom, but Dean felt withdrawn. A stranger here, on uneven footing with pretty much everyone. Mom sometimes shot him worried looks, but was quickly pulled back into the conversation with the god whenever Sam seemed to think of another thing to ask him.
"I missed you too," Dean told him with a deep sigh, carding his fingers through Cas' hair. "I'm so glad you're here now…" Dean continued petting Cas' hair for a while, humming contently, before he slowly drifted off and fell asleep. Cas continued listening to his breathing, conscious of how good he felt, to finally be by Dean's side again.
"Yes, I suppose that will do it," Mary said with a disgruntled expression. "I don't understand it though. Why would Lucifer even do this?"
"Babe?" Dean managed to ask and there was a squeak behind him, signaling that Sam was bending forwards as well.
"Oh, lighten up, Dean. It's not like I care," he said and Dean frowned at him. "Castiel and me might be through, but he did pop out a great kid. True, Jack's a bit… hm…" Luke pursed his lips. "Let's say soft and sweet. But going to college will turn him into a proper alpha."
"Yep. Your own personal knight to save you from peril," he said with a grin, which only made Sam wrinkle his nose. He wiggled his hands, trying to help Cas loosen them.
“I mean… It might be nice to have an angel on our side,” he admitted. Cas’ mouth twitched into an almost smile and Dean hoped that was a good thing.
"Yes. If you're ready I'm leaving." Nora nodded, her expression uncertain. But Cas didn't dwell on it. He grabbed his bag and he put the egg back into the blanket. He left his place behind the corner and then he passed Dean without glancing at him. "Good night, Nora."
"I like Dean and Dean is good for you. So whatever you need to do, wherever you need to go, that'll be the right thing," Jack decided, his voice firm. "And you will still come, right?" he asked after a bit, sounding unsure. "If I need you."
"Really? No Crowley pestering you?" The god shrugged, shaking his head with a small, confused smile. "That must be nice." He finished his coffee, putting it down with a loud clank afterwards. "A prince of hell is a yellow eyed demon, hand-picked by Lucifer." Dean noticed how the god's dark eyes widened for a moment only to narrow again. So apparently he had heard of those fuckers before. The god reached into his coat and pulled out his dagger. He put it on the table for Dean to study.
"Thanks again guys, you've really saved my ass," he said then he looked at the travelling party getting ready behind them. "Are you going somewhere?"
"Maybe I would be doing better if you hadn't chickened out yesterday after you lost your bet," Dean said and now a small smile played on his lips.
"I promise, we'll believe what you'll tell us," Dean promised but Drought was only getting more frantic, pressing his lips together. Dean rolled his eyes with a groan, closing his notebook and turning to Cas.
“You have tons of IDs!” Dean argued, clearly displeased. Jack wasn’t sure why this was a big deal. Yes, there had been beer on the list – twice! – but that there was still plenty of beer in the fridge. It couldn’t have been that important.
Castiel just hoped that he would stop bleeding Grace like he did now, even if it meant having to engage in intercourse with Dean, who was glaring daggers at him. The prince was also holding on to his sword, as if he expected Cas to attack him at any moment. He sighed internally.
"Sorry brother… Maybe he is a good guy and he hasn't mistreated you or any of us, but they’ve got to understand that you're here against your will. It doesn't matter how grateful they think you should be that the injustice they did you wasn't worse." Dean looked at Benny, seeing the honest expression on his face. It gave him pause. Because he did agree with it, but somehow it also didn't sit right with him.
"It was a long journey for you, just to make idle conversation. What is it that you seek?" Bobby was almost glad that he no longer had to fill the silence with small talk, something that had never been particularly pleasant with the witch.
"Aww, babe, it's not so bad. We've got plenty of privacy," he said with a wink but Cas still frowned. When he thought about it, it wasn't actually true either. They either met in public or in Dean's room. There had also been a memorable occasion where they spent some time in the backseat of the Impala. Admittedly, it was mostly memorable for how hard-won their orgasms were, considering Baby's backseat wasn't made for two men of their size. Castiel heaved a sigh, then he ran his hand through Dean's hair softly and disappeared back behind the counter. Dean's heart sank slightly though he couldn't even explain why.
"I'll draw you a bath and make you something to eat. I'm sure you could use some tea," she said, addressed to Dean, then she nodded at Castiel and left after Dean thanked her.
"Yeah, but I have to do this, Cas. Just stretch my legs a bit. I should be back soon," Dean said and then he looked at Cas, almost as if he was waiting for permission. And he was, either because of the spell or because of how Dean was wired. Cas supposed that he could ask Dean to stay and he would, even if he really wanted to go.
"It looks like my little trap also caught the crown prince of Winchester. It's a good day for me. But no. I don't care for Azazel and his petty wars. Neither do I care about revenge. But it would still be nice to see the royal family crash and burn," Asmodeus said after a while. Dean struggled against the demon's hold. Asmodeus flicked his wrist and Dean flew through the air, crashing against another wall. He fell down to the floor with a thud. Dean turned with a groan, then pushed himself back on his feet without losing a beat. Castiel shouted in alarm when Asmodeus suddenly let him go. Dean managed to get his feet under him and raise his sword, but Asmodeus was quicker. With horror Cas watched the prince of hell drive a gleaming dagger into Dean's stomach. A look of surprise slackened Dean's face, before he gasped in pain when Asmodeus withdrew with weapon with a triumphant chuckle. Dean held on to his stomach, blood dripping from his lips, then he crashed to his knees where he remained kneeling. Asmodeus had clearly lost his interest, turning his back to Dean.
"And you don't?" he asked, surprised to receive a little secretive smile in return.
"They are sharp," Cas said a bit defensively. "But I agree that I'm not in the best shape."
"Maybe," Dean hedged. "But if the bond isn't an option, then what is there for him?"
“I hope you’re open,” the stranger said and Castiel's magic instinctively reached out to get a feel of what kind of person this man was. His magic gently glided over him, feeling the shape of him, brushing just along the surface. He was kind and generous, a bit too hard on himself but full of potential. That was what Castiel could read best. Potential. It ran through this man like rich veins of gold.
Dean sat back. Castiel looked at him with a small frown, hair already tousled and eyes glowing.
"Dean, this isn't about messing it up, this is about you finding a good balance. What you do now, that's just masochistic!" Dean scoffed at that. "No, really! What you need, Dean, are boundaries!" Dean shook his head at Charlie and she pointed her finger at him sternly. "Sure, you're into Cas and sure you want to prove that you are husband material, but you've got to do that in a reasonable way. In a way that doesn't mean that you completely sacrifice every free minute of your day."
Castiel knew it was foolish and dangerous, but he found himself looking forward to the time Dean passed through their village. As a hunter he went where work took him, never putting down roots or lingering for too long.
Thank you for assisting me in my transfer to Sandover HQ. I will send you all necessary documents within the week.
What he had however, to distract him from his sadness, was Dean. But as their vacation neared its end, some of the issues he had pushed away from himself, were suddenly crowding closer.
"That's good." Castiel was unsure what to say, but that seemed like the safest course of action. Emma narrowed her eyes at him. Or maybe not.
“Whoa! Thanks!”
"Please… Can you come to the café? I want to see you."
"Nephilim?" Dean wondered, the word sounding faintly familiar, but he couldn't place it.
The fact that he still lingered meant that there was probably a case the hunter was investigating. Unless he was really just passing through. But what were the chances that a hunter was just passing through a small town out in the middle of nowhere just after another "freak" event had made the news?
"Hey, so what if Castiel wants to keep him around for a while? A love spell means a love slave. Let the guy have some fun!" Cas tensed up, Gabriel's crass words making him feel sick.
"And look at you. Strong specimen of an alpha, just like me," he said, then he elbowed Jack to catch his attention. "And that's what the omegas like. A man who knows how to rut."
"And what if not?" Dean asked, glaring first at Bobby, then at his parents. An uneasy silence answered him.
"Will you be safe?" Castiel asked and found that he wasn't playing up the worry. He knew that Dean was experienced, but he still worried. "It's six hours away. I can't come help you if anything happens."
"I wish I could say I'm pleased to finally meet my brother's boyfriend," Sam said, his face hard, all business. Castiel merely regarded him. There was no point in fighting against this now. "What you've got around your neck now is a witch catcher. It forces a witch to follow every command."
If he was as clandestine about his plans as he had meant to was up for debate, because his father had pulled him aside just before he departed 3 months ago.
"Demon and human?" Dean asked, receiving a nod. "I've heard of those, but never in any good context. It was pretty common on the old continent…"
"Assimilation to human culture is far more recent than four hundred years ago," Castiel argued. "And Alphas today still don't get involved. Whether they live in caves or among humans."
"Turns out Cas shares Dean's fear of flying!" Sam announced. Mary's eyes widened and she looked from Dean to Cas.
"I appreciate the sentiment, Jack," Cas said, "but I don't know if bikinis are for me. I don't have the build for it."
Dean looked at in surprise. He too had a mark on his shoulder, which his parents had told him was a blessing by fairies. It had a striking resemblance to the one on the baby's shoulder though. He decided not to mention it though, leaving the family to thank Castiel and for Cas to wish them all the best. Then they were back on their way.
Dean hammered his fist against the door, hearing the dull thud echo behind the door, wondering if this kind of remote place had a phone. Or at least some people who could give him an idea of where he was. If he was even in modern times.
"I asked about your favorite food so that we would be prepared," Cas said, observing Dean while he ate. "Of course you have your own staff, which means that so far I haven't had the chance to get feedback from you." Dean was surprised to hear that and weirdly touched.
"This is where you go to hide?" Dean asked, approaching Chuck in quick strides. "Really? The world is falling apart again and you hang out in some random monastery?" So anger it was then. Maybe it was stupid to antagonize God, but Dean's feet hurt from walking two hours in FBI shoes and he just wanted to get back home. Chuck stared at him, though his expression carried confusion more than anything else. Hesitatingly, Chuck said something that Dean didn't quite catch.
"It's alright, Ellen," Castiel said, absently wrapping charms in little gift satchels while he read a book on blessing spells for infants.
"If there's anything you want to ask about or anything you need, just let me know," she assured him, her expression encouraging. Dean was surprised about that, but at the moment he couldn't really appreciate it.
"When you passed out the last time Flagstaff explained your – our – options to me. She told me she would suggest removing your Grace… However, I'd prefer if we tried to bond. I know it might have adverse effects, but then at least we've tried and then you can still remove your Grace fully," Dean told him.
“Yes… Thank you, Dean,” Castiel answered, feeling warmed.
“Uh… Hello, this is Jack,” the voice on the other side of the phone said. Dean’s straying thoughts about better lines vanished the moment he noticed he had a kid on the phone. “I was told to call this number if I ever got into trouble of the… not normal kind.”
"And I have lost a good client, it's such a shame," Rowena complained, though Dean was sure she was just being dramatic.
“I think I might visit a specialist,” he finally said and Dean instantly turned to him. “I haven’t been to an omega health clinic in years… I think it’s time for another check-up.”
"Now, come on. Come close, to the crib," Gabriel invited Mary, holding out his hand. Mary wasn't exactly one to back down from anything, especially if she felt it was her duty. But John held out his hand, stopping her.
He looked around, trying to orient himself. He found his human body nestled up in his core, hands clasped in a way that almost looked like he was holding on to something, gently, carefully. He had now unfolded out of it, his form almost blending into the space around him, sparkling, vast, warm. Content.
"Oh, and you know better, kid? How many girlfriends have
"She didn't take our orders," Dean said, looking after her with confusion.
"I… I don't know if… I just…" Dean's frown deepened, so Castiel let his shoulders slump and nodded. "Of course."
"Kiss me…?" Cas repeated, looking up at Dean with an unsure expression. "Yes…?"
"You have no ring either!" John shouted after him, but Dean didn't care about details. He just had to see Cas, right now.
“Cas,” Dean finally said, his voice carefully neutral. “You could have started the phone call with that, buddy.”
"Uh… With 17 I think?" Dean said and Luke pointed at him.
"Hey, I thought I could find you here," he said and Cas put down his spoon to study Dean. "I heard that there was an event or something happening tomorrow?"
"Yeah…," Cas answered. It was somewhat surreal to be talking to Cas about a house, a house they'd own together, where they'd live together. No more long drives and missing him each day. God, Dean couldn't wait!
"Hey Dean! I wanted to take the chance to have a proper introduction," she said cheerfully. Again, she reached out her hand, almost shoving it into Dean's chest. Dean hesitated, but eventually he shook her hand. "I'm Anna, Cas' older sister! It's nice to meet you!"
"Oh, you did?" she wondered, though she was more amused than surprised to hear that.
Cas was woken from a nap by knocking on the door.
"Oh, you'd like that, wouldn't you?" Gabriel huffed, swirling the champagne around in his glass. "Cas power's bound, Cas dead…" Raphael glared at him, but didn't say anything.
But then Castiel closed his eyes, his expression softening on a gentle exhale and then he started moving again, gentle rolls of his hips that sent something else than a current of cold fear through Dean.
While Dean had expected something of the sort, this was still an uncomfortable line of questioning. He sent Cas a look, but other than him Cas seemed to be comfortable. Of course, Naomi was his mom. He must be used to it.
"Wow," he mumbled. "And I thought you were the helicopter parent." Cas scoffed at him, but then Jack decided that he wanted to unpack everything and get it all nice and lived in. Cas went to help Jack and because his bedroom wasn't quite made to have four people in it bumping into each other, Luke and Dean decided to stay out.
Benny and Charlie had protested loudly when Dean explained that he had to accompany Cas to a foreign angelic court and that he had to do it alone. They had many reasonable (and some unreasonable) arguments on why they should all accompany Dean to guard him, but eventually the issue was taken to a higher authority. Cas patiently answered any questions and listened to all of their complaints but eventually Dean's friends had to accept that Cas couldn't just take humans into a foreign kingdom, especially not if the king and his lords might want humans gone out of Elysium.
"I just want to find my brother," Dean assured him, both hands lifted disarmingly. "I've heard only rumors all of my life. That he's been stolen by a witch and that on his 18
"I'm sorry," was all Castiel had to offer. Dean glared at him.
"You're so naïve still, Castiel. Parents give up their children for all kinds of reasons. They can just replace them, right? Just look at wee Samuel here. Abandoned by his mother for a little curse!"
Castiel took the bag into the dormitory. He sat down on one of the beds. There was a slight but persistent feel of unease inside him. He shouldn't worry too much. He had a bed to sleep in and if he did work around the shelter, he could stay until Dean came to pick him up. He just hoped that Dean would come find him. Cas had no more money to spare for phone calls to let Dean know where exactly he was. But Dean knew the town and Cas supposed that there was a finite amount of shelters for Dean to check out. It would be fine.
Dean felt himself somewhat banished into silence because he had no idea what to say to Cas and he didn't quite dare to approach him, with that little bundle constantly in Cas' arms. They were waiting for Uriel at an inn, their horses in the stables and Cas uncomfortably carrying Jack around, still holding on to him like he was going to burst into fire any second now. Dean was pissed, but he wasn't sure why exactly, so he sat in the chair, watching Castiel pace restlessly. He had sent off one of the maids to get him something to feed Jack with and he was now trying to get the boy to drink from the bottle with mixed results.
"Whoever investigated it is probably dead."
“Of course! I’ve been meaning to get to that. Follow me.” Emma’s scent was very pleasant, but Castiel couldn’t help but to wonder who had left that amazing scent mark on her.
"Yeah? Why? Are you a talent scout?" Castiel heard the man answer, but then the sizzling of his cooking was too loud for him to eavesdrop properly.
"I'm not gonna do it, Cas. No way," Dean said, not even looking up to the doorframe. He put his hands on the wooden shelf in front of him, hanging his head and trying to breathe.
. Strong words,” Meg sneered and her heels clacked against the ground. “Ever thought that maybe Omegas just don’t want to work in your unimportant little office?” Castiel couldn’t reply because Meg gave the window a tap with her boot and it fell shut, effectively putting an end to their conversation. Castiel looked at the window with dismay, then he turned around in his chair and returned to the coffee stained report about an incident of public omega indecency in 1954.
"Has the coven sent you?" Of course the coven would keep track of Dean's movements. It was stupid of him to think that they would trust him enough to let him deal with the issue on his own. Dumah on her part didn't deign the question with an answer.
"Yes… scents are… peculiar," he said, glad that he could speak freely about his unsettling experience with smells for once. "Is it important that I like Dean's scent?"
“I love you, Dean,” he said and wiped his eyes. He was happy, there was no reason to cry. Dean smiled at him.
“You’re very welcome,” Cas said, then he gave Jack a pat on the back before he got into the car. Jack looked at the house, listening to the three talk a while longer, with a smile on his face.
He let the man walk around, taking in the small room, never taking his eyes off him.
Castiel set to cleaning up Dean's table, pocketing the bills and the generous tip, then he went to tidy the kitchen some more until mid-morning brought his usual customers.
"Dean wouldn't harm you," Castiel insisted. "He's sweet and docile." Dean snorted upon hearing these kinds of words thrown around to describe himself.
"Yeah, yeah. I know that. Dad just wants what's best for me," she said and then she took another big bite of her pizza. With her cheeks comically stuffed she added: "even if it means math homework."
"Boring. And not something we have to discuss now, because I'm sure he can consult the history books for that," he said and Sam shot him dirty look, but he did give a nod. "So. Unspoken love? Is this what pulls you back?"
Of course, it was prince Dean who had finally found his way to the witch, after having lost his way as nightfall had surprised him. It was just getting dark too early in this part of the realm. He stole into the cottage through the backdoor, cautious and noiseless. He noticed that he wasn't alone the moment there was movement by his side. He couldn't see, but whatever it was or whoever, it rose up high, spreading its limbs that looked like wings. There was a glow of blue magic, the color of will-o-the-wisps dotting the fringe of Winchester and leading out into the Lost Marshes of Purgatory. Whatever it was, it also rose a round weapon up high. Dean startled of course, but had enough fight experience to keep his wits about himself. He raised his sword, ready to defend his life against whatever this was. He dodged a blow, confused by the weird shape and weight of the attacking weapon as it clunked down against his sword with a dull noise. Dean stumbled back. He needed a light! He had seen the sparse moonlight glint off an object which might have been a turned down oil lamp just on the dresser next to him. If he could just… Right as Dean groped about in the dark, the figure tackled him, sending him crashing down to the ground. Their skirmish tore down the curtain of one of the windows, which sent a ray of moonlight right into Dean's face, blinding him for a second. The attacker stopped moving instantly, drawing back sharply and then scrambling off of Dean to retreat back into the shadow. Dean blinked up into the darkened corner, seeing the bright light of the creature's eyes dim. Whatever the creature was, it somehow gave Dean the impression of a fluffed up bird, trying (and succeeding) to make itself look intimidating and dangerous, especially with the low fire of magic in its eyes. Keeping an eye on the attacker, Dean got up, only turning his head for a moment to find the oil lamp. He turned it up. With a flicker of magic all lamps around the cottage lit up and it became bright as day inside. Dean stared at who had attacked him. It was a man, at least Dean thought it was, because there was the flicker of magic projecting all over him, making his hair look like it floated around his head, ethereal like moon-lit clouds. What had looked like wings was slowly deflating, proving to be nothing but the man's loose sleeping gown. As the magic was put away, almost like it couldn't be seen in the light of day, the man proved to be tall, his skin lightly kissed by the summer sun, with short, dark hair. He was good looking but his face was marred by wariness. Dean himself was not convinced that the danger had passed. He still held up his sword, eyes darting around the room of the cottage. There were no hidden, dark corners in which another danger might lurk. There was an open door in which Dean could see the beginning of a spiral stair case, but other than that, the cottage space was… ordinary. Unassuming in the bright light.
"Good! Love you, bye!" Jack said and then he hung up, leaving Dean stunned. He slowly put down the phone, then he stared at it some more, processing.
"Ew, Dean…"
"I missed my bed," he muttered into the sheets.
"I heard tea?" The angel's mouth ticked up at the side, clearly she counted this as her victory.
"Yeah…"
"Dean…" Castiel told him gently, putting his hand on the journal Dean offered him. Dean felt his heart sink, feeling Cas' rejection to be imminent. "I believe you…"
"No…," Castiel said, and that was all the witch catcher forced him to say, but still he found more words spilling out: "I never wanted to be part of them. I never wanted to be a witch or get initiated into the coven."
"We will keep the conditions of surrender under wraps for the time being. The official line will be that we retreated when we realized that our information was wrong," he informed him. "Have Lafitte spread the information among the ranks." Dean nodded wordlessly. Of course, they'd try to save face, at least for a while longer. John studied him, his face drawn, but eventually he urged on his horse and rode away, back to the front.
"Castiel! Getting laid by the crown prince of Winchester!" Gabriel said by way of greeting. "You rebel!" Castiel chose to ignore his words.
"I don't know. It's kind of a big topic," Dean admitted. "I'd like to have kids, but if you don't then I won't push for it. I'd rather have you." Cas smiled at him. "But… uh… do you? Want kids? More kids I mean?"
"Just take it with dignity, Castiel. You have carried out the High King's orders. Whatever may happen, you have been true to our tradition. You put your life and heart on the line. That was a brave decision, even if I naturally have to worry about you," she reminded him. Castiel suspected that this was what she told herself as well since his decisions might have impacted her standing at Michael's court, but it still didn't hurt Cas to hear it.
"Oh, uh. No. Not at all," Dean said, "I like kids but… it's complicated." Dean knew this was a very bland answer, one that barely scrapped at the surface of the issues. Dean was no stranger to the idea of having a child with someone he didn't love, he was the crown prince after all and before this all happened, he had expected to select his partner based on political considerations. The line of succession, even in a modern kingdom such as Winchester, was still something they had to curate carefully. Having children with an angel, while he technically was a temporary political prisoner, was just not feasible. Besides, no matter what Cas said, he was still a dude. Dean had seen his dick, had made sure to stimulate his prostate, had seen him come heavily over his own stomach… Dean shifted in his seat, his line of thinking leading him down a much more interesting path far too quickly. But the fact remained that Dean couldn't quite wrap his mind around that at all and he was glad that he didn't have to. Not quite as glad as knowing that Gabriel implying that he'd somehow magically be forced to have Cas' babies was just Gabriel harassing him, but still glad. With that settled, his mind was free to take notice of his somewhat interested dick.
Despite tragedy and secrecy living all around him like ghosts lurking in the empty spaces and silences left in the wake of Sam's disappearance, Dean had never become jaded by it.
"If you say so," he muttered and that seemed to be the end of the conversation for Cas. The missionary turned back to the fire and said something in that language Dean didn't understand. The fire hissed and Castiel turned back to Dean.
"Oh. No they won't assume Lucifer to have had this child himself. The four kings have long decided to not to pursue pregnancy or childrearing. Though as far as I know all of them have fathered children," Castiel explained. "They could of course assume that I had Lucifer's child, but I don't really like the implication of having been Lucifer's mate. It's unlikely though, since every angel sees that he's a Nephilim."
"Sorry that I'm not taking a knee, kinda banged up here," Sam muttered, not really impressed. Dean laughed at that.
“If you’ll take care of me, I’ll be anything but uncomfortable,” he said, his voice low. Cas felt his face heat up, especially when Dean’s hand went under the hem of his bathrobe, trailing up his leg.
"But this Grace… it doesn't change me, does it? I'm still human, I still have no powers." Dean wondered. Naomi studied him.
“The Empty offered to send me back, but along with the fragments of the worlds that Chuck has destroyed, everything that is awake in the Empty will come out with me,” he explained. The Shadow remained oddly silent, watching with a look that Cas hated to see on Jack’s face.
"But he said he was a messenger!" Dean argued, not that this would somehow make any difference. Gabriel shrugged.
"Sorry, something tickled my nose," Jack muttered and when Cas turned around he found Jack sniffing, then rubbing his nose in confusion.
"Precisely!" Sam argued, gesticulating with hands, then he sighed when saw Castiel's expression. "Nobody is going to come kill me because of some stupid curse. Nobody even knows where I live!"
"Dude, don't tell me you've never read The Hobbit!" Cas gave a small shake of his head, only adding to Dean's incredulity. "Tolkien?" Another shake of Cas' head followed. "Come on man! They're even making a movie of Lord of the Rings!" If Cas wasn't so irritated, he would have been amused by Dean's agitation. The alpha heaved a mighty sigh. "Whatever. Smaug's the dragon sitting on the dwarves' gold in The Hobbit." That vaguely rang a bell for Cas, though he didn't understand how Dean would like being compared to that dragon.
"And you did nothing," Castiel accused, feeling his anger build again.
"I have taken a vow to never use dark magic to bend the course of nature," Castiel told her. "If that is the kind of magic you want, then you shouldn't have come here." Mary was speechless, the pain inside of her churning, darkening. Castiel noticed and quickly took a step forwards. "But let me get to John, there is still hope for him." Mary however reached behind her, pulling the dagger her father still had at his belt out, holding it to Castiel's throat.
“Uh, yeah sure,” he said and then Jack was turning his expectant expression towards Cas. And angel or not, clearly Cas was struggling to deny him anything.
"Maybe we should clear this situation up now," Castiel said, his voice a tick impatient. He lifted two cups of coffee and offered them to the two Deans. Dean took it graciously, but the other one eyed Castiel. Cas met his look, squinting hard.
“I’m sorry, I understand that Sam’s, uh, puppy eyes can be disquieting,” he answered. Dean snorted but he sounded amused.
" the creature called, then she made like she readied herself for an attack, but Cas was quicker. He had approached her quickly, then he pressed his hand against her forehead. The Sennentuntschi screamed, spat and cursed, but nothing helped against Castiel's Grace. With a bright light and an even bigger stink, she burst.
"So we watch some TV and then we fuck, easy solution. Since there are no teens in the house, we can even do it on the couch," Dean amended easily, grinning at Cas. Castiel laughed but agreed. He was determined not to overthink his feelings. Yes, Jack was now off to college, but he wasn't gone, he wasn't far away. And Cas would learn how to deal.
"Maybe if you can beat me?"
"Yeah! I'm a criminal defense lawyer. I've done legal counselling on sub-gender discrimination before. This has been a bit of a change, but very interesting," Sam explained.
"So they're like port keys," Sam summarized and Castiel frowned at him. Sam waved his hand at him. "Never mind." He pointed at the cursed dick. "So this is one of the portals into a different universe." He looked at the god, childlike wonder on his face. "Y-your universe." The god nodded. "That's quite something."
Benny escorted him inside and a quick look around showed that all of his friends were present, trying to send him encouraging smiles. Charlie was sitting in the front, wearing a pretty dress, looking half excited and half nauseated. Dean could relate.
"Or any sense at all," Castiel added. Dean merely raised his voice as he continued:
"Yeah, you want a history lesson, I get it," she said and a moment later they arrived at the library. Since it was outside of the Lord's Wing, Dean had refused to come here again after he and Garth had done a reconnaissance tour.
"That's what I want too, Cas. More than I can say," he told him, feeling Cas' lips form to a smile under his. "I love you."
"Yes, it would be quite a loss," Flagstaff confirmed.
"Seems you have good intuition," Dean eventually said, looking at Cas over the top of Jack's head who didn't seem to have any problems with Jack talking to him about this. Jack looked very pleased and since he was sitting so close to the boy, he did get a faint impression of his scent. It was very similar to his dad's, clear and fresh, with maybe a tiny hint of something floral.
He cursed the misfortune that he had chosen exactly this day to let Dean drive him to work, because now he had to reach the parking lot on foot. He was light on his feet and didn't tire quickly due to his magic, but it was still a distance to cover. Considering the snide comments the coven had made about Dean's far too conspicuous car, it was a likely target for Raphael's attack, especially if Dean had left it unguarded.
He debated waiting some more, but eventually he decided that this was important enough that he and Cas should discuss it. He found Castiel's bedroom with less wrong turns this time and let himself into the room.
"I'm still waiting on a magical analysis, but we know that the swords do wound angels but even then they are resilient bastards," Bobby said.
about the incident? That didn’t seem right.
Dean studied Castiel, who was engrossed in his reading, though it hardly looked like it was anything all too serious judged by his expression. Cas looked fine this morning, not particularly worse for wear, but he was still pale, with dark shadows under his eyes. As he observed the angel, Dean realized that he was indeed reluctant to blackmail Cas, dangling his health over his head, but he'd have to if necessary. He had no other choice.
"As do you, other Mr. Winchester."
"I love you too, Cas. Just… I want you to know. So you've got more reasons to come back, alright?" Dean said. "We'll figure out the rest once you've got your head out of the cosmic noose."
"Well, she left most people alive, she could have been hitching a ride with one of them," Dean mused, but thought it unlikely that one of the guys would take the doll with them and then report it as a creepy thing to the police.
“You don’t have to do it alone, man. But you gotta do it. Talk to me?” When Cas stayed silent, Dean shook his head. “What was she like? What were you guys like?”
Case No. DG14C2147
“Thanks for getting started,” he said, catching the pillow more gracefully than Charlie would’ve liked. She looked at him, disappointed. “Did you manage okay alone?”
“Can you just leave?” Gabriel asked, stepping closer to him, holding out a bag to him. “I don’t know if any of this will fit her, but.” It had been Adam’s, Cas knew. “It’s just what we still had. We wanted to throw it out but it didn’t feel right.”
It still lay in his lap now, the folder still shut. Cas hadn’t gotten himself to open it up. Somehow, it felt worse the second time around. Felt worse even though he knew that there was no ring inside of it, even though he knew that he’d seen all the words in the documents before.
“Don’t worry about us. We’re okay.” Cas smiled, aware that his voice quivered slightly. “I - I love you.”
. She was okay. She was okay. She was okay.
Cas woke up in the darkness of Dean’s guest room, the clock blinking 04:26 pm back at him. He didn’t know what woke him up, everything was silent. Almost too silent. The ticking of the clock was the only sound he could hear. Not his daughter’s calming breathing, or the sound of cars racing by.
Waking up in a strange bed felt odd to Cas. For a moment, he thought he was at home. Nothing had happened and he had just had a bad dream. In his drowsy, sleep-drunk state, he reached for Meg. Somehow, even after weeks, he’d expected her to be asleep next to him.
Castiel grabbed the teddy off the counter and held it out to Ben, who was now looking with interest at what he was being handed. When Dean took over from Cas and held it close to his nose so he could smell it, the boy’s expression changed. For the first time since they’d run into each other, the boy stopped even his small whimpers. He just reached out his arms and gladly took the teddy.
“Chief wanted us to stay for a debriefing, sorry I was so late.” Dean shook his head. “You know? It’s not even.” He fell silent, looked straight up at him. “No, forget it.”
They drank coffee on the couch while the news played in the background. Even if they didn’t really talk much, it helped. Being with someone again was grounding, somehow. Maybe it was that Dean had essentially saved him. Maybe it was that Dean had been the one to pull his daughter out.
He didn’t want anything to go wrong. The only thing that could happen would be that she could not show up or refuse to sign. He’d mentally prepared himself for her to bring her girlfriend, he’d mentally prepared for her being a bitch. He’d done his best to be as prepared as possible.
“She didn’t - I usually don’t sleep that well after a job with kids.” He took a sip from the mug. “I’ll probably sleep more on the couch or something, sorry in advance. Working 24 hours at a time kills me sometimes.”
“I’m sorry too,” Dean admitted. “How are you holding up? It’s not easy right after-”
“Meg.” God, he sounded bitter. More bitter than he’d thought he would be. “Did she tell you?” He bit back the urge to ask who the girl was. Why she was with someone else so quickly after. If she’d been there all along, if that had been why she left.
Cas on the other hand had always been seen a bit differently. He had also had friends and for a great part, they’d overlapped with Dean’s, but he’d never quite felt like he belonged. Part of him knew that it was because in some sense of the way, he hadn’t. He hadn’t quite belonged in the way that Dean had, or Charlie.
“How’s Sam?” Cas asked eventually, the silence too much for his system. “It’s been so long since I’ve seen him.”
“I’m sorry, man.”
“Which woman
In the end he had no choice. Cas called Charlie, his second to last option once the sun was up, standing outside of the building. It had been a struggle to get himself to get up and go, leave Claire with the nurses. She was in good hands, he knew. They assured him she would be safe. Secretly, he thought, they were glad that he was out for a little bit.
“Me too, you know.” Dean looked at him then. “What happening with you? How has life been?”
“Yeah.” He heard some shuffling, the ruffling of sheets. Meg’s soft chuckle and a sleepy voice asking the stranger who picked up who it was. “Excuse me? Who is this.”
“My pleasure.” Dean had a compassionate smile on his lips. He looked tired, but then again, he must have been working the entire night. “I’m sorry, I know it’s not easy. Can you go to your parents? Family?”
It made Cas’s heart drop in his chest, seeing it like this. This was
“Let’s go downstairs and get your bottle, huh.”
Cas didn’t know where that was right now. Home felt like a foreign concept when your home was now no more than a pile of ashes that almost buried your daughter. Chills ran up his spine just thinking about it. She might as well not have been here. She might have been gone.
“Why don’t you boys come on in?” she asked. “Sam’s here too.”
, he wanted to scream, but no words came out. He jumped.
The last step creaked. Dean was upstairs now and soon he would open his bedroom door, pull it closed behind him and this all wouldn’t have happened. They’d forget about everything and eventually Cas would leave.
“Good morning, Cas,” Dean mumbled, before leaning in and pressing a kiss to the top of Claire’s head, who was now happily playing with a toy in Dean’s lap. For a second, he seemed to hesitate, before tilting Cas’s head up, one hand soft against his cheek, and kissing him.
He watched Dean walk up the stairs to his bedroom and heard the click of his door. It made something in his chest drop.
“Never looked at it that way, you know? When you’re in love you don’t see things the way they are.” He knew that it could sound crazy, that he truly loved her as much as he did. But he did. “I’m only starting to see it now.”
“Hey, come on in,” Mary grinned, kissing them each on the cheek and pulling Claire in for a tight squeeze. From the living room, they could hear Ruby’s play guitar hitting the couch -- Cas and Dean now felt
It was why he sometimes dreamt of leaving the island. Why he’d been almost on a boat twice - both times the weather too stormy for them to leave for the hour long journey to land.
The look she gave her daughter couldn’t have been emptier. He should have known that she wasn’t cut out to be a mother, the entire way there. From her reaction to being pregnant, to the way she’d reacted to the pregnancy. He should have known.
“Shit, man.” Gabriel was silent, just looked at the remains, his eyes fixed. “I’m sorry, Cas.”
In the emergency room, they’d put her through enough examinations. Her lungs had sounded clear and her heart had sounded good. Her oxygen stats had seemed to be stable and good even then. It had meant the monitoring wouldn’t be
After four days of being in Dean’s house, it almost felt as if they’d never been apart. The first time Cas had been alone felt awkward, like being in a stranger’s house.
“They also had a baby girl. She was out with her sisters when we got there.” He paused, as if he was unsure of what he should say now. If he should say it. Cas squeezed his shoulder gently, an unspoken ‘
It was with fear in his heart that made him get out of bed and take a few steps to the crib. It struck him as odd, that it was there now. He couldn’t remember moving it before going to sleep. He’d liked that it was next to the bed, how he could keep an eye on her.
The man carefully got up, attempting to move the sleeping kid without waking him back up again. He seemed to succeedl - for as much as the boy stirred, he only settled himself differently in his father’s arms.
“So am I,” Dean admitted. “I’m surprised you remember, it’s been a long time.” It had been a long time. For some reason, it had always stuck with Cas, hearing about how they had had a house fire and lost their father. How John had rushed in because Dean himself was still inside the house. Mary had been outside, clutching Sam to her chest. How he had given Dean to a colleague, attempting to rescue something from the house. How it had collapsed before he could get out. Cas remembered how it had inspired Dean to become a firefighter, to make his father proud. Because he hadn’t been able to do anything last time. Because he did want to be able to help.
She did. She went through each page as everyone painfully looked on. Then she opened the envelope for the insurance company.
“No? What is it?” Cas said gently. “I want to know.”
He didn’t know when the other car pulled up, hadn’t heard the tires, hadn’t noticed anything until a vaguely familiar voice spoke from behind him.
Now there's tears in his eyes as he’s screaming goodbyes,
“Not that I know of. Let’s keep it on the counter with the rest of the stuff. I’m sure someone will come back if they miss it.”
“So what happened with the insurance?” Dean asked him, before passing him a cold beer. Claire was asleep inside, the baby monitor outside with them. Cas had wanted to stay inside and be with her, maybe take a nap, but Dean had dragged him outside and told him that it would do him good. “What’s going on there, man? You’ve seemed down ever since.”
“Punch harder?”
“Just tell her her house burned down.” Hearing the other woman had made something in him click. Made something grow cold inside him. He barely got to listen as the woman told Meg, but heard her taking over the phone.
And yet, he couldn’t. The island, for as much as it made him feel like an outsider, it also made him feel at home. It wasn’t just his family - it was his childhood friends, the kids he read to in the shop, the people that talked to him every day and didn’t know or cared if he was talented. It was all of that.
Dean had coffee waiting from him when he came home from work, breakfast if he wanted it. Sometimes, he would get a nice and home-cooked meal without having to go to his mom’s.
Eventually, Dean and Cas took Claire for a stroll around the neighborhood once she was up and wanted to be active. It was nice for a change, a nice breather after the conversation from before.
“I had to call her afterwards and it... Well, it wasn’t pretty. We haven’t seen each other since the night she left,” he admitted. “I don’t know if I want to see her again.”
“That I’ll just fall in love with her again,” he admitted. Even to him it sounded crazy. He knew that it wouldn’t be that way. Part of him knew that now, having mulled it over in his head again and again and again. “Though, I don’t know.”
“Living together was great. We would get up late and stay in bed and watch tv series or get take out. It was amazing, to be honest.”
He thought she’d finally dropped it, until a package had arrived at his door that morning with more herbs and general supplies. With it was an old worn notebook and a note from his mother, saying maybe his great grandmother’s recipes could help him.
“I bet that’s good for your ego.”
They were drawing it out. Castiel’s hands didn’t move away from the paperwork. Not as the pancakes arrived and Meg and the girl ate. Anna and Dean filled the silence with pleasantries. Cas updated Meg on how Claire was doing.
The first thing Cas did was pull out the stroller, so Claire could at least sleep more comfortably. He then swiftly got to work, checking the stuff in the car, taking inventory of what got messed up because of the fire. Some of the things were too damaged, smelled too much like smoke for them to keep. He didn’t mind it so much for old textbooks, but for some of the unopened wedding gifts, and even some of the pictures they took when Meg was pregnant with Claire, he did. He felt his heart break in little pieces, watching the now soot-covered face of his newborn daughter. Some of their spare bottles had been in the garage as well, and with some washing up, they’d be useable. At least he had something for her.
“Did you hear what she said? She’s not in the box at all?” he read, shifting his focus from the latecomer to one of the older girls. “Where do you think she could be?”
"Do you think this is something we have to worry about too? You not having time?" Castiel wondered, though he wasn't particularly worried about it. He only had weekends off as well after all. Dean seemed unsure, rolling his beer bottle between his palms.
"What do you think about all of this, Dean?" Dean was surprised to actually be addressed. "You invaded a foreign nation that has been so benevolent to you on nothing but wrong information. You suffered a humiliating defeat AND you are now nothing but a prisoner to the creature you sought to destroy. That must be… unpleasant for you."
"Sounds good to me. I'll have plenty of shit to shed some manly tears over. We can be miserable together. Ideally, we'll be soothing our individual misery," Dean assured him. "Alright? I'm serious, Cas." Castiel smiled warmly at the phone.
"Dude, calm down," Dean muttered to himself.
And Charlie was right, he could see clearer as time passed, but the rage still didn't come fully. Neither did what he felt for Cas truly change. He had been the love of his life, bitter as it was. And the way things were going Dean doubted anyone else would be able to challenge this special, twisted place Cas had in Dean's heart. Because Dean was never going to fall in love again. Neither willingly nor unwillingly.
"I will want to officially meet my grandson of course, after we have discussed the matter at hand," Naomi decided. "He is not entirely uninvolved in this matter."
"Yes… I really wish there was something else we could do to spare you. I know he saved your life but that doesn't give him the right to claim you," she said. There was nothing Dean could say to that.
"Train and fuck? That sounds like the good old days," Benny said, choosing that moment to come out onto the balcony that Dean and Charlie had moved to after Naomi's visit. It was still cool despite it being spring. The countryside of the Heights was gloomy looking, with thick dark clouds, apart from some bright bursts of light penetrating the canopy and lighting up the fields. Milton Heights lay somewhere behind the hills.
"It was for the best. Jack was a pretty demanding kid anyway," he said and winked at Dean. "But I'd like to have kids with you."
"His coffee and pie weren't even good," he had cried at one low point and Charlie had been so disturbed that she had ferried him off to a weekend of LARPing. It had helped marginally.
“Uh. Hi. My name is Dean… Uh, Dean Winchester,” he said and was momentarily proud that he remembered his own name. The dude’s eyes were very blue. “Uh, Jack called the Bunker for assistance regarding a potential haunting.” Now the dude slowly moved his head in Jack’s direction, but his eyes stayed on Dean until the last possible moment. “Don’t worry though. I didn’t find any supernatural interference.”
"Yes, thank you," Castiel said with a nod.
"Uh, no," Castiel told him, which Jack answered with a pout. "I don't know what your father allows you but until you're 21 you get a mug of mulled wine at Christmas and that's it." At that Jack turned his pout to Dean almost as if he wished to be backed up. But Castiel sent him a warning look so Dean refrained from telling him how he had his first beer long, long before he was 21.
"It's wrong what happened to that poor girl," one woman said, her expression angry. "And this fella was so charming. Angels are dangerous, we should not forget."
But Dean would be lying if he said he didn't warm up to it after a while. It was fun after all. Uriel and the others even came to the fence to watch.
It felt like a low blow, when on the next morning, Dean was called into his father's study to hear the decision.
Maybe he had no soul, but he still felt warm inside his chest. He
On the subject of his husband… Dean had a hard time getting a good read on the guy. He seemed companionable enough when they had breakfast and he did have that whole honor and valor deal going for him. Dean was even starting to think that he was serious about it.
Much to Dean's relief, Jack was pretty good about hanging out in the back of the car for the long drive. Jack's request to be allowed to drive was luckily shot down by Cas before Dean had to say anything about it.
"It's good! I'm happy for you!" Charlie insisted. "And because I'm such a good, caring friend, I actually have something for you!"
! Whatever that is," Sam's brother called, much to Sam's consternation. But he didn't deny Dean's guess.
"Because I don't have time to go shopping. Novak will have the time for it." Sam heaved a sigh.
"Dean Winchester has left Raurica," she said without preamble and Cas gripped the doorknob a bit harder, feeling the metal bite into his skin. "We want to know why."
"How old was he again?"
"It seems foolish to build the hope of your kingdom's prosperity on one boy and then send that same boy off to die in battle," Uriel retorted. While that blow definitely hit the target - Dean's involvement in war was a highly contested topic in their kingdom as well - John didn't let that deter him.
When he had been taken, the transition from life to nothingness had been surprisingly smooth and relatively pain free, at least to his physical body. Cas had felt all of his senses falling away as the essence of the Empty wrapped around him; life and warmth and light and Dean,
"We are very fast," he said mysteriously. Dean would be annoyed by that but it was clear that Castiel was trying himself at teasing. Dean still made a mental note to have a look at angelic horse breeds. Just to be sure.
"Yes, it seems that way. I doubt anything will change for as long as Michael is still High King. But eventually the council will change and Michael's reign will end."
"Fine," he said and Dean grinned.
“Oh, good,” Cas said feeling somewhat lightheaded. Mia wrapped the meeting up quickly after that and Cas was free to go, feeling like a weight had been lifted off of his chest.
"It's not something I would brag about. I don't like blood magic at all," the god said, a shadow passing over his face. "The creature you made a blood pact with is owed a debt. It's magic, more than logic. A natural, cosmic pull and shove that demands balance."
Dean drew back slightly, so he could talk, his mouth staying close, every word brushing his lips against Cas' again, a tantalizing promise of more to come.
Finally, he took a deep breath and got out of the car. He walked up to his door and inside. It was dark and he wondered where Dean went.
"They say it's like splitting your heart in two," Uriel started, eying Castiel critically but so far Cas had no answer for him. It felt uncomfortable but not terribly so. "You've got to tell someone, at least your sister!" Castiel tensed at that.
Cas didn't take long; he merely combed his hair and put on a new shirt.
"What…? No. A hunter killed her."
"I'm sure a man like your father will find someone that's good enough for the both of you," Castiel told her gently. Emma's answering smile was almost shy, but certainly happy.
Dean steeled himself and stepped forward. Anna approached him with quick strides, making Dean stop only halfway to the angelic train. She studied him, which mostly seemed to consist of staring into his eyes, then putting her hands on him.
"This Grace… is it harmful?" Cas shook his head.
"Then maybe you can use your extra time to figure out your job situation. Or pick up some hobbies," Jimmy suggested, clearly unphased by Cas' sour mood. Cas heaved a sigh but he supposed Jimmy was right. There wasn't anything he could do about Jack's desire to be more independent but accept it. Jack was 18 now and Cas should be grateful that Jack had easily agreed to Cas' suggestion that he would look for a college not too far from home.
"Yeah, okay," he said and shrugged. "Where I come from you are an angel." Dean quickly lifted his hands when Castiel widened his eyes, clearly full of wonder and delight. He was instantly reminded of when Cas had lost his memories and thought that being an angel was "pleasant". "You're… uh. Not a regular, run of the mill angel."
"I'm just glad that we could make this happen," Dean said. "Probably won't hurt to show up here anyway. I've heard that I'm supposedly gone." Mary heaved a sigh.
"No matter. Just don't waste anybody's life on this, because it's not that hard." He reached into his robes and produced a little vial with a dark red substance. He gave it a little shake, the thick dark liquid moving. "Can you guess what this is? You've shed enough of it for it to look somewhat familiar to you." He turned around, so everybody present could get a good look at it and plenty of nobles were trying to catch a glimpse. "No?" he asked when everybody remained silent. He turned to hold the vial up to the advisors and head of the guard, who did flinch. "Yes, you do know." John quizzically looked to Bobby, who was pale under his hat.
In this chapter we're seeing Jack off to college~
"What…? A coven? Great," Dean hissed.
"I'm a business owner and have to stay in Raphael's good graces because he's part of the board of commissioners," he explained. "I heard it's good business practice to stay at least friendly with the commissioners." Which wasn't a lie, it simply omitted that their ties ran slightly deeper than that. But Castiel was good at lying by omission. He had to be as a witch.
"Yeah no! They seemed damn powerful to me and well-organized to boot!" Dean shouted. It had been clear from the moment they started the battle. The angels knew exactly what they were doing even though they had started out with a deceptively small number of soldiers. Flights, as Castiel had called them.
"Let's take it off, okay?" Dean asked kind of uselessly, because Cas lifted his hips and shimmied out of his underwear without further prompting. He wasn't being shy about it neither did he try to put on a show to entice Dean (but Dean would have been massively surprised if he had, considering Cas ideas about sex). So Dean decided to reciprocate in kind. He probably wasn't at his most graceful, trying to take them off in the narrow space between Cas' legs but eventually he succeeded. He threw the pants over his shoulder and then grabbed the satchel Benny had given him. He pulled out the little flask with an Enochian label. He opened it and poured some of the thick fragrance-less oil on his hands. Then he dropped the flask and finally let himself look down.
"You angels think that people never mingle just because you decided to let humans do their own thing. What humans do well is find opportunities and many follow chance and money wherever it leads. Just look at Rooney! They don't like angels and still they have adapted in a way that welcomes them as their customers," Rowena argued.
"I am fine with it. And we don't know if the bond could take hold. That's why the angels suggest marriage in the first place... You're close enough to bang constantly," Dean said, chewing thoughtfully.
"Yeah, yeah, I got it," Dean said, waving his hands in an exaggerated gesture, as if he wanted to chase away Castiel's words, but he still wrapped his arms around Cas and kissed his cheeks.
The unsettling feeling continued even as a new day dawned. The moment enough awareness had dawned on him to remember what today was, Cas slammed his eyes closed again and turned towards Dean, curling up against his back, willing to just have some more minutes of denial.
"Damn it, Cas. And I thought…," he said, but he didn't finish the sentence, bending down to scent Cas too, his nose gently brushing against Cas' forehead, then travelling down. It almost tickled, but it was also feeling like a great relief when Dean's scent became content.
"Well, I never did that with my kids," John said with a laugh, even though Dean personally found Jack's words somewhat disturbing. It was also really hard to imagine the kid in a strip club.
He should be grateful and
"Break ups are ugly, nasty things. You just have to get through them somehow," Charlie said. "And go easy on Sam. He's trying. You've got to forgive him that he has nothing nice to say about Cas. He's on Team Dean, you know? Like I am. We're going to be on your side and trash talk your evil ex."
I hope you have a wonderful birthday. I thought about getting you something that you could use on your journey to the big city, but then decided that I’d much rather see you enjoy your present.
"I'm sorry to hear that, Cas," Dean said, "that must have been disappointing." Cas shrugged.
"Are you serious, Cas? You thought I smell like cheese and grease?" he snapped.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I suppose it is a big change if you have no other kid at home to distract you," John answered, apparently happy enough to change the subject.
leafing through the books without really thinking too much about what he was reading. But he nodded anyway, smiling up at Dean.
"Oh, right. Naomi Adler?" Dean asked and Cas nodded. "So is this like a family or a business meeting?"
"We thought it wise to take this opportunity to ask you about your progress and plans," Naomi started, her voice pleasant but neutral. Before Cas could however rattle off the report he had prepared, Raphael spoke up.
"I'm happy for your fulfilled love life, but Dean and I aren't living together," Cas grumbled.
But now he was thinking about that bubbling. Whatever was inside of him somehow reminded him of it. Something was boiling underneath the surface. He just hoped that by ignoring it would simmer down again. He had fixed it after all. Stacy was fine.
“I don’t feel any different,” Cas said defensively. Naomi didn’t explain what she was seeing in him and eventually she huffed and straightened her suit.
"I'm gonna attempt to start the bond with Cas," he revealed and Charlie, expectedly, shrieked in delight before she could control herself.
"Humans are either foolish or resilient, to want to make a living in harder circumstances," he mused and looked at Dean with an amused expression letting Dean know that he meant no harm. It wasn't like Dean disagreed. But being both foolish and resilient was exactly how you made progress. Humans wouldn't be on Elysium if they weren't willing to risk a lot.
"I'm still in Raurica," he answered.
"No, Dean…!" Castiel told him desperately.
Castiel heard the familiar tunes of the children singing the Wanderer's Song and looked out of Ellen's window. And there were the children, flocking around Dean, who rode into the village on his dark horse, a grin on his face. He handed out sweets to the children.
"Hey Castiel," she called when Cas came out of the kitchen again, hands filled with a tray of baked goods. He nodded at her and she pointed to Dean. "How about a coffee for the handsome stranger?" It was amusing to see Cas' startled expression and he looked from the woman to Dean and some of the seniors also studied him now, clearly curious.
The prince and the exiled witch travelled on the merchant route that connected all of Winchester's major towns. That meant it was well-maintained, always in the open as to dissuade bandits from any attack. It was a pleasant journey to be on and Dean had immensely enjoyed travelling on this road and getting into occasional conversations with other travelers or patrolling guard members. But that was when he had been travelling lightly, just him and Impala on the open road.
"Cas, always so dramatic!" Rowena called, then she looked down at Sam. "But who is he and how did you come into possession of him? I thought you didn't get up to anything interesting here in this tower."
"That's not true. There are plenty of monsters in Britain," Castiel assured them. "The world is full of monsters and creatures, benevolent and malevolent. Hunters only ever encounter those who don't know how to hide their tracks." Dean shot him a look.
Cas crashed to the hard ground. For a moment the pain was blinding and Cas lay on his back, immobile and unbreathing, the impact like an immobilizing shock keeping his body on pause. But then he took a deep breath and opened his eyes, only to find a starlit sky arching over him.
"At the very end. You shouldn't miss it. Good day, Your Highness."
Dean wanted to slap himself when he was safely in his own room. But he had decided that this was just a business deal. This was modern pack building. Simply an omega transfer that Dean was part of.
"Can I-?"
"I'm glad to hear that," Cas said, finally connecting back to the conversation after his mind had spiraled to Mr. Winchester again. He took the plate with the pie that Emma offered him. He took a bite, aware of Emma's eyes on him. "It's amazing," he said, taking another bite. Emma grinned widely.
"Something isn't right here, there are way too many open questions. I needed Dean alive and my Grace was the only thing that could bring him back from the brink of death. You saw him Uriel, a Riet-Zien would have been able to do nothing."
Cas had gone back to the house twice, both times to go pick up more stuff. There were a few albums that hadn’t completely been destroyed because they were in the garage. He’d been able to set up his new laptop and get pictures from the cloud, but it wasn’t the same.
Selling the land was hard. It was as if he locked the door on another part of his life. For weeks after, even now, Cas still carried his house keys in the pockets of his jeans. Sometimes, he got so frustrated because the keys wouldn’t fit, but then he’d spy that it didn’t have the ‘best firefighter’ keychain, that they were the old ones.
At least, as far as he knew, the car was still okay. He knew they had a diaper bag in the trunk with some clothes and diapers. She’d be clean and in her own clothes. He would have to look further, look for a goodwill, see if he could borrow something from someone. At least for a little bit.
“She left when Claire was just three weeks old.” He remembered that day vividly. “Left her at my office, said she’d be back and never did.” He remembered how she’d put the changing bag next to his desk, kissed Claire on the top of her head and told them bye. He’d found a note at home, on the kitchen table that evening.
To compensate for the long hours, both of them had one day where they had to do the shop alone and the other could go home. Admittedly, it didn’t change so much - the books might be a little more crooked and orders might get out a little later than on other days, but other than that, there was no noticable difference for their customers. The big difference to them was that this way, they got two days off where they would normally only get the Sunday.
“I remember.” Cas did remember what vague details Dean had told him about the fire. It hadn’t been a lot. “I’m sorry, you know. To be honest.”
He couldn’t wait for the messages from his mother, ranging from blaming to apologising and telling him she was just worried for him and wanted him to be okay. He knew they’d rain in once he’d get a replacement.
It occurred to him that he didn’t even know where she lived right now - if she was still living in the same state. She could have moved, gone far away.
“I’m glad,” Cas admitted, before falling onto the couch. He was tired all of a sudden. The kind of tired that he didn’t quite know how to explain. Once upon a time, the word bouncer had meant something very different to them. Instead of being a thing for babies, they’d guarded clubs when they went out. Somehow, it felt like that had been years ago now.
Suddenly, it made sense to Cas. After hearing the crying earlier and seeing Dean walk to the house, something clicked. It had been Ben that woken him up the previous night with his cries.
“Meg was the one girl who saw me when we were still in class.” He remembered the smile on her face when they randomly met at a club one of the few times Charlie had managed to drag him with. How she’d smiled and walked up to him and asked him who he was. If he maybe didn’t want to buy her a drink. “We fell in love fast, you know. Saw each other a lot, went out on dates a lot. She’d call out of nowhere and say she needed to see me because she missed me. In the end I slept over at hers most of the time.”
himself again to put the signatures on it.
His clothes still smelled like it, but there was nothing else he could wear. They’d shown him to the showers, so that he could feel a bit cleaner at least. Having to put his dirty clothes on didn’t help it much tough. The hospital had given him a onesie for Claire, but they didn’t have anything except the hospital gowns for him. He’d have to get through until he could get something.
“Are these the only thing then?” she asked. “Just the one signature?”
“I know it’s not ideal,” Dean started. “But Sam had a kid almost a year ago. The little one stays with me from time to time, so I have some baby stuff in the house. A lot of it doesn’t fit Ruby anymore, so I figure they might work for Claire. It should be enough for you two to stay without completely breaking the bank. If it’d help you out, you’re welcome, man.”
It had been with a heavy heart that Cas signed the paperwork. He’d still gone home and asked Dean if he was sure that this really was a good idea. If they had done the right thing. Cas sometimes truly wasn’t sure. Dean would just scoop him up in a hug and tell him that yes, it was. That things would be okay.
In the distance, the porch light turned on. He could see a vague figure come outside, with what had to be a kid in their arms. The cries soothed the longer the kid was outside and thankful, he closed his curtains again.
The frustrating this was that he
Later, after she left, he realised that it’d been because she never wanted to live there with him in the first place. She didn’t see it as her home. To her, it was nothing more than a house she spent the days in and couldn’t be out of quick enough.
“Yeah, sorry. I’m. Nightmare.” His heart was still beating in his chest. He felt like he’d ran a marathon in his sleep. “I’m okay.”
It was with shakey hands that Castiel found his way to the signatures and slowly put down one on each line. He worked his way through the entire stack and put it back in the envelope as quickly as he possibly could.
“What are you afraid of?”
But what if he didn’t? What if he needed Cas to ask for him to talk about things? What if Cas needed the same?
God, it felt good. So good. To finally have a family. To have a home.
“I didn’t feel like talking to my ex-husband.” She was getting annoyed with him, it was easy to hear in her voice. After being together for as long as they had, he could tell the subtle shifts in her voice. “Sorry, I guess.” He wondered if her new girlfriend knew it yet, the changes in her tone. If she had reason to know them yet.
He knocked on Dean’s apartment door, still deep in thought. He’d barely been conscious of the drive there. Didn’t remember parking the car, or even walking up the steps to the door. Didn’t remember unbuttoning his coat.
Cas didn’t want to see her sweet smile, the way her lips curled up when she really meant it, the way she was when she was in a really good mood. He didn’t want to see the slight wave in her hair when she forgot to blow dry it. The way her shirts now clung gently on her belly, where it hadn’t quite gone back from the pregnancy. What if it would bring back the love? What if he wanted her in his life again?
If anything, it had been nice to catch up with Sam and his family. They’d never been the best of friends, but they’d spent enough evenings together. His little girl had crawled up and looked over at Claire from the safety of her mom’s arms and yelled
“Don’t have to mail it tonight,” Dean said, “but good for you, man. Well done.” He had a small smile on his face and Castiel loved seeing it there.
“The birth mother originally bought it. She didn’t want it anymore if she didn’t want him.” Gabe shrugged. “Didn’t want extra reminders for things he’d used, I guess. And I figured you can use it for now.”
“The insurance needs your signature before they can pay out a claim.” But that wasn’t the only thing he needed from her. That wasn’t the only thing he needed to ask her. “I’ll need you to send the divorce papers again--it burned along with the house.”
The postman had dropped off a thick parcel just that morning, before Dean woke up. Cas had needed to sign for it and everything - which gave away just which papers had ended up in his hands.
“Two weeks, to get away for a little bit, explore some of the island. It’s been a while since I’ve been here myself.” He freed a hand from under the toddler, extending it out to Cas. “I’m Dean, this is Ben.”
He had forgotten to thank Dean yesterday, too. In the moment, everything was happening so fast: the cars arriving, the upstairs windows smashing, the house’s groans under the fire, but most of all his daughter coming out of the flames in the arms of a firefighter.
He could see the soft look in the way Meg looked at her girlfriend though, in the way that she reached out for her.
“I don’t know.” She had texted him that she would be in town two days from now, to sign the paperwork he needed. They’d only exchanged a few words: telling him that she didn’t want anything to do with the house or the money, that she didn’t care what would happen to it. She didn’t want to have anything to do with Claire, she didn’t want to have anything to do with him.
Castiel walked barefoot in the cooled down sand - shivers travelling up through his legs to the bottom of his spine. Night was slowly dawning on Fernweh, the sun disappearing in the ocean, leaving dark embers behind on the water. He loved walking on the beach in the dark, loved the rustling of the ocean, how it was finally deserted.
“These are the papers,” he said eventually, sliding the envelope across the table to her. They’d finished their pancakes now. “I have signed everywhere, but you can check if you want to.”
“Of course, man.”
If Cas was honest, it was a damned good idea. It felt like he hadn’t slept in weeks. The adrenaline of the previous night had kept him up for long, but now that he sat on a strange bed, in a strange house, with his daughter sleeping next to him, all he wanted was to get some sleep himself.
He too had walked around with wailing kids for hours until they finally settled and fell asleep or until their medicine finally kicked in and they didn’t feel the pain from teething quite as much.
“I advise that you get her to sign the paperwork.” The clerk shook his head compassionately. “I get that it is difficult, but it’s the easiest way.”
COMES NOW the petitioner and for her/his cause of action against the respondent alleges and states:
“It sounds like it,” Dean answered, the relief clear in his voice. “I’ll come pick it up first thing in the morning. You might have just saved my ass.” He thought for a second, before adding: ”Actually, probably also my ears. I have no clue what I’d do with him if he continued to scream like this for the next two weeks.”
, didn’t belong to their family by blood, he wasn’t gifted. He was a normal man who died when storms took his ship and swallowed it.
Cas drove back home with a head that felt like it would explode. It was full of thoughts that he’d been trying to keep at bay for the past couple of days. He didn’t want to think about the confrontation with his wife or about the possibility that he would see her and fall in love with her all over again.
If he wanted to leave his family behind, he had to get off the island. If he wanted to get off, he needed to think it through and be calm about it. He needed to figure this thing out and make a plan.
“Of course.” Finally happy with the way the books were organised, she plucked through the pillows to find any abandoned teddy bears, pacifiers or drink cups to put on the counter so parents could pick them up over the next week.
“Do you think I could maybe get a spare key?” He asked instead, despite Cas feeling like an idiot because of it. “Just so I don’t always have to knock, or stay in when you’re out. It would be nice.”
In their last year, seven desks had crumbled to ashes, thankfully without any students devoured by the flames. Their mother - who had worried about her daughter not having any skill at all - had been ecstatic, made her promise not to do it on purpose again and helped her find ways to take control over it.
The little grey dog stayed on the counter for the rest of the day, keeping them company. The shop had a quiet day after the reading hour - a couple more people came in and some purchases were made, but all in all it was calm. Castiel couldn’t say that he minded. It had allowed him to leave Charlie in charge for a little while as he went to buy a new phone.
On the phone, he’d said that there was no way that they could stay at his place, it was too cluttered and there was no room. It wasn’t an environment for a baby to be in, even if he’d had a baby in the house not even a year earlier. Cas had his ideas about why he refused, and respected them. It couldn’t have been easy on his brother. He did promise to help them out, to drive them around, maybe help financially a little bit. It still wouldn’t be enough for them to stay in a motel, but it would be something.
His father wasn’t in the picture anymore, but the stories he heard from his mother were enough. Even though she never talked about the day it happened, she did tell them about the past. He was
Words did come out of Cas’s mouth, and the startling realisation that he no longer was falling struck him as odd. For a moment, he had to orient himself, from the bright light of the room to the hands at his shoulders, Dean’s worried face just inches from his. The clock, blinking back 04:26 pm in red lights. His daughter, sleeping in the co-sleeper next to him. Clean. Breathing. Not even aware that something had happened. She wasn’t blue, she was happy,
Living on the island had meant being out and playing by the ocean when he was a little kid. It never got cold enough for ice or snow so they’d make snowballs out of sand and try to hit each other. Every single time, the plan failed and ultimately they’d give up and lay down in the sand making angels.
“Remember this place?” Dean asked with a grin as they carried the stroller up the streets to an all too familiar house. The blue trim hadn’t changed, or the way that the flowers outside of the master bedroom bloomed, even though they weren’t supposed to. “How long has it been since we’ve been here, man?”
somehow. Somewhere, in the back of his mind, he’d hoped there would be
“Dean. I’m living with him until I can go somewhere else.” It had been that way at first. Until he was stable enough to find something else. Until he could rent a place. Slowly, he’d started seeing Dean’s house as more and more of a home. He didn’t know how he would deal with moving away again, with not being around Dean all the time again.
“I have never been quite as popular as you, you know this.” In school, both of them had been in very different places. Even though Dean had been a bit of a side character, he’d had his group of friends that respected him. People had known not to fuck with him.
Dean was silent for a while, almost as if he needed to think about what he was gonna say next. As if he was weighing his words. “It doesn’t sound that healthy.”
The boy nodded his head at that. He didn’t seem to be getting more of a response . It almost looked like the boy would be asleep before he’d even read ten pages of the story.
Two hours later, Claire was asleep again, they were having lunch and Cas had new clothes. Dean’s clothes felt awkward on him: they hugged where his didn’t, and were baggy in different places. Things between them still felt awkward, too. He somehow hadn’t expected them to.
“Yeah?”
As an aftermath, anger still rolling in his veins, Cas had thrown down his phone so hard it smashed to pieces. It wasn’t a smart move, but he’d had no other way of dealing with his pent up anger.
With Dean, it just felt right. They fit, like two pieces of a quirky puzzle that never quite seemed to fit before.
“Indeed. Didn’t think I’d see you again,” she said. “Who is the boy toy?”
His thoughts were disrupted when the door finally opened at eleven am. He had been so tense he almost dropped Claire’s teddy bear from his hand. He’d been mindlessly playing with it, glad for it to be something that could keep him busy.
Two hours later, the movie ended and Dean woke up. The only reason Cas knew what happened in the movie was that he’d seen it before. Dean’s face, so relaxed in sleep, had been too distracting the entire time.
Whoever her new girl toy was, she didn’t even know about them. About the fact that Meg was still married. That she had a daughter.
He was clicking through them while Dean was in the shower. Dean had a couple days off of work and they’d decided to enjoy it as much as they could. Claire was asleep upstairs and they would put on a movie and get a few beers and get to relax. No work, phones were turned off except for Dean’s emergency phone.
stung. More than he cared to admit.
It wasn’t until he was almost back to his house that he noticed the car parked at the summer cabin up the road. The lights were on, the windows still open despite the late hour. He stopped for a while, his keys in hand.
It had only taken him eleven years to make it come through. It had taken eleven years for him to open his mouth and say: I love you. He didn’t think he’d ever meant it as much as he did with Dean. Had ever felt it as deep in his soul with him.
“All grown up,” she admitted. “Little ones of your own, though. Who is she?”
He hated the thought of it. Soon, Meg wouldn’t be his wife anymore. The paperwork would be processed and he would be out for the count. He forced himself to say the words. “Before you ask, it didn’t last. We all wanted different things. Meg and I didn’t - I thought we worked, but she let me know that we didn’t.”
“You know, extra reasons.” Dean tapped on the stack of papers. “You won’t have to deal with her, or her girlfriend again.”
. Even though his hair was wet, there was still soot on his face. He looked pale, almost; shaken. For a moment, Cas wondered how a 6′ 1″ man could look so small. “I’m. I really just need sleep.” Even his voice sounded thin.
“Thank you.”
After she fell asleep, he put the bottle to the side and let her lay in his arms. He took her in his arms the moment she had woken up for her feed. Staring at his daughter, at her little relaxed face, he couldn’t imagine losing her. Her face, dark with soot and red with upset, kept coming to his mind.
Shit.
She had to be hungry. He’d fed her at the hospital, but her schedule had been thrown off so much by the fire and all the commotion. Usually, she’d be up at nine, ready to get a new diaper and some milk to satisfy her hungry belly.
