“Yes, it is,” Natasha said. “It started glowing. I don’t think you have enough energy to harness it. What if…what if I help you?”
“Indeed. The name Tony Stark means something in the multiverse. You know, I’ve met another version of you before. I hope he’s doing well.”
Natasha frowned. “Okay,” she said.
“So,” he said. “This place, your life…what’s it like? Me and Steve? Your friends?”
Steve frowned. “I know I can’t use it for that, Tony. No matter how much I want to, I know we have a mission on hand. I’m focused on the mission.”
“Oh my god, Tony. Don’t ever sneak into an FBI agent’s house without notice!”
“Completely.”
Natasha’s tension melted at the sight of Tony Stark. The
"Of course," Tony said, like it didn't bother him.
Natasha swiped a hand over her tears. “What do you mean?”
“I can do it,” Vision said. “I can bring anything I wish to life just by believing in it. Perhaps I can appeal to his heart.”
Natasha waited while it sunk in to her parents that Matt was blind. She was dating a blind guy. Completely not what they were expecting, but they didn't let it rattle them too much. They just shared their customary glance at each other like they were reading each other's minds, and then turned back to their daughter and her boyfriend.
Tony Stark, in a fit of frustration, threw the keyboard against the wall. It smashed with a clacking sound as he fell into the chair in front of the computer. A simple, boring computer, with an actual screen, no JARVIS, and nothing cool to latch onto. He ran his fingers through his hair when he heard the door to his lab open with a whooshing sound.
“The gauntlet in my father’s weapons room was a fake,” Thor said as he entered the room, a rainbow bridge appearing along with him.
“They’re dying to know about me being blind. And my dad’s death.”
Steve nodded, searching Tony’s desperate expression. “Okay. What do you have in mind?” he asked.
“How do we do that?” Clint asked.
She smirked. "Maybe just a little. You might have poisoned them or something. I'm training with Clint later today and I need to stock up on some protein."
Loki held the stone out and Thor took it, pocketing it. “If you wish to join me on my search for the stones, you are welcome to,” he said, genuinely meaning.
"I hope you like stir fry, Matt," Steve said. "It's what I made for dinner. Natasha said that was okay."
"Stop calling me that! Why does she keep calling me that?"
Matt took her and in his and laced their fingers. “I’m sorry, too. Do you think we can both try to be better people and communicate with each other more?”
“Yeah, bud?” he responded.
“Can you read anything off of it?” he asked her.
Thor chimed in, “There is one stone on Knowhere. Sif and I gave it to the Collector for safe keeping. There is another one on planet Xandar.”
this one?
"Okay."
Clint winked at her, though, and Natasha smiled and winked back.
She nodded at Steve to follow her out of the lab, and he gladly did, happy to be doing something useful for once. Looking through old documents and books? That was something he knew how to do. He couldn’t wait to finally be a help in this situation.
“Nope,” Natasha said. “He probably hates me.”
“Super. So, who wants to control what stone? Can I keep control of the reality one? Is everyone cool with that?”
“Let FRIDAY scan them for their powers and composition so we can figure out which stone Thanos has in his arsenal. Then we can come up with a plan to defeat him and use the stones against him. Once he’s been defeated, you can have at it.”
When Natasha walked out the door that afternoon to take the train to wherever she, Matt, and Clint were meeting up, Tony followed her. He left a note on the fridge for Steve to tell him he was working on a project and would be home later that evening and not to worry, and tailed Natasha. The three teens met outside an abandoned warehouse. He tried to get close to see what they were doing in there without giving it away he was spying.
“That sounds like a plot from a comic book.”
She rested her head on his shoulder. “You really liked them? Even Tony?”
“It will. I’m gonna need you to lie down in the medical wing, and I’ll bring all the equipment I need and we’ll get you offline and re-mapped. Steve, if you want to monitor his progress just to make sure I don’t make any mistakes, you’re welcome to.”
“So have I.”
Tony shrugged. “Does anyone know if the dude has any weaknesses we can use against him? Like, how strong he is? Weak points? What the stone he has does so we can prepare for that little piece of magic?”
Gamora scoffed. “Yeah, but I never thought you would actually try it. Is your ego really that big that you think you can conquer the world? What do you stand to gain from that?”
“Yes,” Vision responded, taking over control of Thanos from Wanda. Clint wished them into space, and waited.
Natasha glared at him. "Does it look like I care? Leave."
“I am the one who proposed and carried out the decision,” Thanos informed Tony. “That has become my job. I go to planets that are suffering and sacrifice half the population in order to keep the rest of the population alive.”
“We find them and destroy them all,” Tony said.
“Yeah, he’s not bad,” Tony admitted. “You know who his father was, right?”
He didn’t know who Wesley, Fisk, or Nobu were, or how his daughter and her friends had come in contact with him. And what was Natasha talking about, being trained to be an assassin? Since when? Where had their daughter been getting that kind of training? It didn’t make sense. She was 17 years old. Tony would have known…wouldn’t he?
She shoved Wade out of the way. "Move, asshole," she said.
Natasha’s mind was blank as she prepared for the war with Thanos. Her senses were heightened, sharpened, and her body was poised for deadly action. She had everything she needed to succeed on her part in this war. She would not pray. She would not worry. She would block everything out, and fight like her life depended on it.
“Sure,” he said, not wanting to rock the boat.
Tony closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose, breathing heavily. “Right,” he muttered. “From the universe with the superhero Tony?”
“What?”
“So, you and Daddy aren’t together in your world.”
“He does,” Vision informed her. “During our research of Thanos, I discovered he has two daughters, Nebula and Gamora. He must love them, want to protect him. If I can conjure a projection of them, have him believe they are really here, maybe we can make him hesitate. Or distract him long enough to find a way to retrieve the gauntlet from him.”
Tony ground his teeth. “Watch us,” he said, before taking a hold of Steve and flying them into the sky.
That began the process of Tony painstakingly re-mapping every single neuron that Vision had and comparing it to the code he had created for JARVIS to see what parts were alike and which parts were different. It took Tony a long time and a lot of hard work to complete the process, and he mentally cursed Bruce for taking off in the Quinjet and being out of reach. Things would have gone a lot more quickly and smoothly if he had the other scientist at his disposal. Alas, he was all alone, with only the prying eyes of Steve and Wanda watching over him to make sure he didn’t make a mistake.
“I have everything.” Steve’s suddenly there, waiting by the door, stuffing his toothbrush into the suitcase. Tony whirls around and joins them.
Once his heavy combat boots are laced, he’s dressed. The clothes are surprisingly comfortable. He pulls on some combat gloves, zips his previous outfit into the bag, and walks out.
“Stealing my stuff, are you Cap?” Tony pants from just up ahead, doing whatever he can to avoid the weapons gaining on him regardless of how fast he can fly. “I could use a hand!”
suit Coulson had designed for him springs to mind.
There’s a blockade he’s not strong enough to move. He doesn’t have the will-power to push through.
The billionaire doesn’t take long to get ready. When he emerges, there’s food in his hand, and he’s run his fingers through his hair to tame it somewhat. Steve’s pretty sure it’s usually got product in it, but even natural as it is now it’s still somehow perfectly messy. Scruffy. Whatever look Tony is going for is very successful. He’s a handsome guy, even removed from his natural habitat. He owns the cards dealt to him, always ready to make an impression and the game.
Steve unwraps his burger. His hands are still a bit shaky, and sometimes his body stalls and jerks. It does that now, fingers clumsily pushing at the paper. “Wanted to come hang out with you. If that’s okay... unless you’re busy. I won’t get in the way, I promise.”
“We have some things to pick up first,” Tony nods.
“You can fly it as much as you like when your head’s screwed on right,” Tony promises. There’s hopefulness in his eyes, and a slight questioning tone in his statement.
That’s no surprise. HYDRA had brutal training methods back in the forties, and they surely do now. Steve raises his hands and shoots down the trio of soldiers trying to load up the missile they’ve brought to take down the SHIELD jets. Steve wraps his gauntleted fingers around the shaft and throws it with the combined strength of his serum and the suit. Then he fires a shot and detonates it safely in mid-air.
It’s landed on the shore not too far away, but safely removed from the fight. To his surprise, Tony is already there when he lands on the pebbles by the helicopter. His helmet is off, and he’s smiling. The sun’s on his hair, and he looks... handsome. “Bout time cupcake. Finally listening to reason and rhyme, are you?”
Steve scowls deeper. “If something goes wrong, and they get their hands on that, you’ll have given SHIELD’s highest-priority criminals the most advanced AI in the world.”
"You're wearing your glasses," she commented. He was doing that a lot now. But never when it was just the two of them. She liked to see his eyes.
Her parent's laughter reached all the way up to Natasha's bedroom, and the door that did remain open.
"Let me see," Natasha said, her voice low and dark.
“I really hope that things will go back to normal, but it’s not a guarantee. At the most, I can assure you you’ll be able to find your Steve again, and if things don’t go back to normal, you’ll have him as a crutch to lean on. I’m sure he’s a lot stronger and tougher than he looks, yeah? Get through this together; you owe each other that much.”
Childhood: All of Bruce's childhood, his father was abusive and an alcoholic. One day, his father shot and killed his mother in cold blood and was put in prison for the rest of his life. Bruce went to live with his aunt and uncle. He grew up there very close to his cousin, studying science and trying to remain peaceful so he didn't end up like his father. He studied nuclear science all his life.
read.”
Tony nodded. “I’ve been working on rebuilding JARVIS ever since his code was used to create you. If I can plug you into the system and very delicately form a line by line copy of the code, not only can I rewire your code, but I can get JARVIS back up and running.” Tony frowned. “Not that I don’t love you, too, FRIDAY, but JARVIS was my first baby.”
Steve frowned. “Well, no. I’m not gay. But maybe it was to help me get a better understanding of you. I’ve been so hellbent on hating the other you. I never really gave him a chance. I just assumed he was an arrogant alcoholic who didn’t know how to deal with actual people so instead he just buys them with his money. But I’ve seen how kind you are, and I don’t think that my Tony could ever be as heartless as I’ve made him out to be. I don’t think it’s possible. Maybe this was to teach me not to judge him, to learn there’s a lot more to Tony Stark than meets the eye.”
While Natasha was relieved Bruce might have a happy ending in some alternate universe, Steve was lesser than pleased.
"Fine. I'll be nice."
Tony nodded. “Time didn’t pass here, but I was in some kind of void. This Thanos guy is trying to get all the stones so he can murder half the multiverse population.”
“How do you know this?” Tony questioned.
“Hello,” Loki said, in his post British accent. Steve always wondered how he sounded British when he was from Asgard. “What brings you all in? Natasha isn’t scheduled to work today.”
Thanos held her in his arms, his hands big enough to crush her if he wanted to. His eyes assessed Natasha grimly. “Did you think you could distract me with that magic trick?” he asked her. Without waiting to receive a response, he plunged his hand into Natasha’s chest, breaking through muscle and bone, pulling out her heart. After making sure she was dead, he took the soul stone from her and put it on his infinity gauntlet. Then he released her body, and she crumpled to the ground, eyes still open, but lifeless. There was blood around her open mouth, and a gory open chest cavity where her heart used to be.
Natasha, meanwhile, was trying to sneak behind Thanos and try her signature move out on him. If she could get her thighs around him, choke him out before he did any more damage to him, and then that would be that. But the problem was Thanos was alien of great height. He was a lot bigger than a human. He was like all of the Avengers combined. In a word, massive. And Natasha couldn’t find a way to reach him or take him down without climbing the tree Clint was in and dropping right down on his shoulders. It was too risky, even for her. She was trained in hand to hand combat, thanks to Yasha and the Red Room, but it was hard to really take down someone who was easily five times your height and weight.
Clint made that a little easier on her claiming he really had to pee and heading off towards her bathroom.
“The other Tony figured out what’s happening. The guy you said that’s been in your head all these years? His name’s Thanos.”
“Fine. Burn the motherfucker’s hand off. I’ll be ready with the space stone when you need me.”
“Unclear, sir.”
“Okay. Steve, you’re our tie breaker. Three yeses, three nos. What’ll it be?”
Tony shook his head slowly. He was trying to remember the details, trying to find that world that he was in. Something about...robots? A suit of armour? Super soldiers frozen in ice? A shield painted like the American flag? "I...I think we were superheroes," Tony said eventually. "I was in a suit made of metal, and you...had enhanced strength. They called you Captain America...you were biologically enhanced."
Tony covered Bucky's ears. "Watch your language around your brother."
“Thor,” Jane chided. “His mind’s not in this world. He’s somewhere else. I think, based on his brain waves, he’s in another consciousness. One where he’s married to Steve. Leave him alone.”
Loki was quiet as he continued to stare at the floor. “I know,” he said softly.
. This Steve was so different from his Steve. All he and Steve did was fight, their bravados and opinions constantly clashing with each other. Sometimes Tony thought that even if he did everything perfectly, Steve would still have something to complain about. But this Steve…aside from the physical difference (Tony had to admit he still thought Steve was attractive without the rippling muscles and washboard abs), this Steve was more at ease with himself. He had an abundance of smiles, and tiny touches of affection, and an excited nature that couldn’t seem to be tamped down. This was Steve as he should be, without the super soldier serum and the war and all his friends who died as he was stuck frozen in ice for 70 years.
“Oh. Okay, well, he’s not a bad guy here? I mean, magic doesn’t exist. Or, I thought it didn’t. Or…I don’t know how these things work. Science isn’t my strong suit.”
Clint winked at her. “I’m pretty sure he’s too in love with you to leave, no matter what he might disagree with. And if he does, you’ve got me as backup.”
"Bucky, watch out!" Steve admonished. "You've gotta be more careful when it comes to your dad's heart, okay? We still haven't gotten the test results back from the doctor."
you kick Thanos’s ass? Doesn’t it make more sense to wait until after since he’s gotta use the stone to defeat him?”
Age: 44
The Avengers braced themselves as Thanos came to a stop right in front of him. Thanos was tall, big, and a distinct purpleish pink colour. He had on battle clothes, as well as the infinity gauntlet on his arm, and was smiling condescendingly as he towered over the petty humans. He was confident he would win this war. After all, he did conquer many other planets before this one. Gaining control of the entire multiverse, to him, seemed like a piece of cake. His biggest conquest yet.
“Of course I came to visit. I couldn’t stay away from you forever. You know, even though we met during a really shitty time, I’m still really glad we met. I’ve never had a kid in my world, not one that I know about at least, but if I ever have a daughter, I want her to be just like you, Natasha.”
“Good morning,” he said.
The smile slipped from Clint's face. "Oh," he said.
“Yes,” Thor said. He did not offer any locations.
"Not until you tell me what the papers I'm supposed to be signing are for."
“That is a good point, Steve Rogers,” Vision said. He frowned for a moment and concentrated, seemingly perusing the database of information. “I don’t see how there could be any lasting consequences, based on the data I have collected. Presumably destroying a stone will just erase its power, never giving a single person the power to control the universe. Nothing less, nothing more.”
“Cool beans. Then let’s head out and end this fucker,” Clint said.
“The twins are dating Crystal Amaquelin and Victor Stone. Then there’s Wade Wilson and Frank Castle.”
Thor frowned. “Nay?” he said.
“Sort of?” Tony parroted back at him.
respond to the call when the fate of the Earth was on the line. So he fought along with other people, simple humans, who never asked for this responsibility, or even really maybe
“Right, of course,” Tony said, “It’s nothing but a myth in this universe. But could it be real somewhere else in the multiverse, in another universe?”
Needless to say, Natasha was thinking about all this, and (not) freaking out about her parents meeting Matt tonight. She really liked him, and she didn't want her parents to ruin the good thing she had going on. She knew they wouldn't really understand her friends or what they did in their spare time together. It's not like they were all innocent flowers, and she just didn't want her parents to worry, or worse, actually catch her after school activities.
“Who’s Fury?”
“Who’s this?” Wanda asked, staring now at a young Natasha.
“Because I’m good at what I do, Matt. I’ve been training for this. I can do this. I can be whatever he needs me to be. I can still infiltrate. Trust me. Let me interrogate Wesley tonight while they confront Fisk.”
"What are you making?" she asked.
Tony took the elevator to his R&D workshop underground and started working on his father's project, the Arc Reactor. He was trying to create a self sustaining energy field that could run by itself for a year before running out of juice and needing to be recharged. He was so close to figuring out how to get it to work properly. He just needed to keep digging and find which element was the stabilising agent.
One night after an intense workout session, Steve entered the communal kitchen to grab a drink of water before turning in for the night. His super hearing picked up whispering, and as he focused on the voices he discovered it was Tony and the other Natasha. Annoyed beyond belief, Steve went in search of the two, wanting to give Tony a piece of his mind, but stayed outside the door, listening to their conversation as he approached.
Thanos sighed. “How disappointing,” he said. He flexed the fingers on the hand that held the infinity gauntlet, watching the power stone glint in the sunlight. He then reached that hand not in front of him to strike Gamora, but behind him, pulling Natasha off of him. She had been steadily climbing her way up towards the gauntlet while Thanos was distracted by his daughters. She had been so silent and light in her motions that any normal person wouldn’t have even noticed she was advancing on them.
By mid-afternoon Thor retired back to his chambers and was surprised to discover Loki on his bed, thumbing through some of Thor’s old Asgardian textbooks he had taken off his shelf.
Tony let out a heavy sigh. “Are we done talking now? You’re boring me. I’d rather we get to the fighting now.”
“And here I am trying to be supportive. So can I come?”
“Okay. If you think of a way we can beat this son of a bitch that we didn’t think, or in the heat of the moment notice something coming at us that we don’t, let us know. We could use your observing skills.”
“Thank you!”
“No. I don’t.” Clint crossed his arms over his chest. “You know what? Fuck you all,” he said, storming off.
“Of course,” Thor said, handing the soul stone out to him.
The ghost of a smile formed on Natasha’s lips and she reached to grasp Clint’s neck with her head. “Clint,” she whispered. “You’re my best friend, too. But I would rather be the only one dead than all of us dead.”
Thor was about to respond when Vision interjected. “Clint, Thor may be right. His sceptre was mind controlling you, but who was to say that by holding it, it was also mind controlling him?”
That perked her up. “Yeah? I hack things there in your world?”
"That's perfectly fine, sir; thank you for inviting me over."
Tony rubbed at his forehead with the heel of his palm. "I don't think I'm going to like this reality," he muttered.
“Stark Industries?” he asked.
“Well, I don’t want to risk any of us getting hurt or dying. Not on my watch. If some of us can use these stones, then we can defeat him, and then we can destroy the stones so no one is tempted to use their powers ever again.”
After a few uncomfortable minutes, Loki gave him his answer. “Very well. I shall give you the stone. You are still not welcome in Jotunheim.”
Steve rolled his eyes. How could he like the other Tony so much and absolutely
Thor shrugged. “No.”
“How’d we become superheroes?”
“Shouldn’t you be stopping Thanos?”
“Ha ha. Do you want to hear what I found out or not?”
Jane sighed and placed a hand on her forehead. "I told him not to say anything," she said, annoyed.
“Yeah, I’m okay,” she said. “We defeat Thanos and most of the stones have been destroyed, so he can’t try to take over the multiverse ever again. Tony wouldn’t let me fight with them, so I had to say behind and monitor their progress.”
Childhood: Natasha was taken away from her parents, assumed murdered, when she was a baby in order to serve the Soviet Union. She was born and bred into an assassin in the Red Room. She was trained every day to fight, to kill, how to manipulate to get what she wants. She was bred to be a killer. Her mind was also altered, as well as her physical chemistry, with a modified version of the Project Rebirth serum. Memories of being a ballerina in Bolshoi and an entire family and life were implanted in her mind that never happened. Her graduation ceremony was sterilisation.
Pepper smiled warmly at him. "Tell Steve I'd be honoured. I'll let you know when I'm free."
Heimdall nodded knowingly. “He’s taken up residence in your father’s chambers.”
“FRIDAY, shut off all comms but mine and Natasha’s for a moment,” Tony said, and Clint was temporarily cut off from communicating with the rest of the team. If he had to guess, Tony was filling Natasha in on what had happened and what the new plan was without any distractions.
“Wanda.” Wanda cautiously shook young Natasha’s hand. “You two should come up to the common area. We’ve all set up base there.”
“You don’t,” Thor said. “I know you, brother. We may not always agree on everything, and we may have very different approaches to situations, but I know you. And I know you don’t want him to win.”
"You're dating a guy who's Catholic?"
“Good. And can you fly Wanda up so she can keep Thanos still?”
Pepper quirked an eyebrow and looked at him. "Just sign the papers, Tony. I don't want to be late for the meeting."
"We get it, Tony," Jane said, "and we're working on a way to get you back. We just have to do some more experiments and figure out exactly how you travelled between worlds. We'll figure it out and you can go back to your life, okay?"
“Let’s get him into a holding cell and knock him the fuck out until we know what to do with him. And the we’re going to have a nice, long debriefing session that none of you are allowed to skip and you’re all gonna tell me what the fuck you all were thinking.”
When he got close enough, he saw Natasha wielding a bow and arrow and Clint guiding her on how to shoot it and hit the target, which had been set up a good distance away from the two. She shot her arrow at the target, almost making her mark, but slightly off. She and Clint kept working on their aim until it was nearly perfect every time. Matt just sat there calmly, listening to the hiss of the arrows in the air, not even looking the least bit bored. He blatantly wondered what blind people did for fun or how they staved off the boredom. Tony was forever bored.
“Trust you?” Tony snorted. “How do you know anything about Howard?”
Since Thor and Wanda didn’t have any stones to help aid them, they used their enhancements to try and gain control of Thanos. Thor had Mjolnir, and was using it to fly at Thanos and attack him as best he could. He kept trying, and Thanos kept deflecting or taking every blow from the hammer as if it were nothing. Wanda was trying to get in physical contact with Thanos while also using her magic to battle him and absorb any blows he tried to throw her way. She was trying to gain control of his mind and change his view of reality the way she had done with the Avengers before she joined their ranks. If Thanos was stuck inside his mind, he couldn’t fight him properly.
Wanda handed Tony the yellow stone and they both touched it, combining their energies to send her back to her world.
“Yes, I’m well aware of what that means,
“I hate it,” Nebula snarled at him. “And I hate you.”
He pulled the stone from his pocket and nodded to Vision. “Ready?” he asked.
Steve carefully tore the page out of the sketchbook, crumpled the page up, and threw it in the garbage can. He put the supplies back and turned out the bedroom lamp. This never happened. No, Steve never drew Tony Stark. He wasn’t prepared to deal with what that might mean.
“Yeah, but you don’t have to call me out on it.”
That night, as he lay in bed with skinny Steve wrapped around him like a starfish, Tony carding his fingers through his hair, (what? Just because he was with Pepper in his own universe didn’t mean he had to be an asshole and deny his husband something comforting in this one. It wasn’t like he was cheating; it was just fingers in this guy’s hair.) he wondered how the hell he was going to defeat this force trying to destroy them all. And worse, how he was going to make it back to his own universe so he could warn his team of their impending doom.
“Ah, I knew Legolas would pop up somewhere! He’s your best friend in my world, too. Kind of a package deal.”
“So, what exactly are we going to do to stop Thanos when he shows up for the stones again?” Clint asked.
What the hell. He had to face this reality sometime. He turned around with a strange grimace on his face. "Yeah," he said. "I guess I don't normally cook, huh?"
None of those made any sense to Tony, but it nagged at his mind. Like it should matter. Like it was gospel.
Clint pouted and muttered, “You’re no fun.”
"Clint's on the roof again. He gave his hearing aids to Parker, and I quote,
Tony opened his mouth to speak again, but the stone in his hand lit up and suddenly he was back in Loki’s magic shop, blinking. He looked at Steve, then looked at the clock on the wall, and realised that no time had passed while he was in the void. Nothing was amiss.
“Agreed. So what’s your solution?”
“Well, nothing we can do about it now. Want a tour of the compound?”
The Avengers were at a bit of a standstill as they learned how to properly use the gems to their advantage, fighting with them until they were semi-confident that they would be able to use them as an aid in defeating Thanos. Tony let the younger Natasha run different simulations provided by FRIDAY for them and calculate what their strengths and weaknesses were. Clint was not happy about them using the stones instead of destroying them, but Tony argued they needed the reality gem at least to help Natasha get back to her own world, and that Wanda still hadn’t successfully detached the stone from Vision’s head.
Natasha had wondered. She'd heard her dads talking to each other in hushed whispers really late at night when they thought she was asleep. She'd learned that Howard, her grandfather, was in beyond asshole territory. Tony used drugs and drinking as an excuse to bond with his dad, because it was the only way he could spend time with him. He tried to do things to impress him, and nothing was ever good enough. No matter what he did. He was always on the receiving end of Howard's temper, unless they were drinking together.
"And not all your toys were taken away. What about FRIDAY? Isn't she the new JARVIS?"
“Okay. And Steve? Please don’t tell me he’s some obnoxious righteous patriotic motherfucker fighting for our country.”
"And now I'm asking," Tony said. If he got back to his world in one piece, he was going to make sure he didn't fuck this Tony over.
Thor hummed. "Yes, this cursed magic. I am very grievous I cannot figure out what is ailing you, my friend. Perhaps I should seek council with Heimdall."
"Heh, very funny," he said with a straight face. He leaned back in his chair. "Well, this sucks," he stated. "My toys have been taken away from me, Pepper is pissed about me running off with the Avengers, the whole world thinks everything is my fault, and my best friend ran off in the Helicarrier to who knows where."
“They don’t need to know you’re helping. All you have to do is tell me where you hid the stone on Jotunheim.”
Natasha tensed. “What makes you think
“I’m so sorry, Tasha. That’s so not okay.” Tony took the young girl in his arms and held on tight to her. She fit perfectly against him, his chin coming to rest on the top of her head. She inhaled the scent of this Tony, revelling in the fact he smelled and felt just like her dad did. She wondered if she could ever get back to her universe after this ended, and if she couldn’t, what that meant for her relationship with this world’s Steve and Tony.
“Really?” she fired at him. “You’re trying to take over Earth?”
“Loki,” he said back.
to know why.
"Yeah, well, I didn't think mind altering gems of power existed either. Or big blue aliens who want to control the world, but look where we're at. I mean, you heard Thor's vision. We're gonna have a war on our hands someday, a war about containing little stones of power that have world altering powers contained in them."
“I don’t know,” he mumbled.
He pulled the younger Natasha into his arms for hug. Shit, he knew he wasn’t her Tony, but that didn’t stop him from wanting to protect her.
was the one nervous about it. Matt never got nervous.
“Okay,” Tony agreed. “But if my phone rings, answer it, and wake me up if it’s about Buck, okay?”
Thanos just simply grinned. “We meet again, little Stark. For the last time, hopefully. I will say a prayer for you and your fellow teammates when I’ve laid your entire world to waste.”
He also didn’t like the fact that he and Steve weren’t together in this world. Steve himself said he wasn’t gay, which meant they weren’t married in that world.
She settled her head back on Matt’s shoulder and they spent the rest of the time in silence, small touches of comfort and familiarity between the two.
. So he's completely deaf today and refuses to go to class. I was making sure he's okay."
“Sure. What about you, Thor?”
“Vigilantes and anti-heroes, not assassins.”
Thanos nodded. “I like this General Kodos. He and I have a shared value and goal in mind. Mine is just on a larger scale.”
"What?"
The tension between Steve and Tony dissolved then, and he focused back on Clint. "Uh, I think it was from an explosion? You don't really talk about it. It had something to do with your brother."
“You are right, Tony, the power has not corrupted me,” Vision confirmed.
Clint almost said yes automatically. He wanted his Nat back, no doubt. But he thought Natasha should have a say in what happens. “Let’s ask Nat,” he said.
"And keeping secrets. I want to trust you, but I don't know what's going on with you. Now I'm glad you guys stayed home and got drunk instead of going out somewhere, but you're still 17 and still living under our roof. And you know how alcoholism runs in the family. I just want to make sure you're okay."
She learned things about Steve, too. How his father had been in the war, came back with PTSD. That he had violent outbursts, and Steve would get caught in the middle of it, trying to protect his mother. When he realised what he was doing and how he was hurting his family, he killed himself. Took a shotgun to his mouth. Steve had found the body and decided he didn't want his life to end up like his father's.
“But I thought you
Steve sat down on the couch behind him, and Tony hammered the piece of armor in front of him until it was flattened. The hammer blows died away into silence.
Tony’s heart turned over in his chest. “Yeah.”
Tony knelt at Steve’s feet, taking his hand. “Steve, baby,” he whispered, looking up at him. He didn’t even have time to mentally yell at himself for calling Steve “baby.” Blame it on years of getting used to saying that out loud to Pepper or something. Steve's jaw was still strong, trembling slightly as he closed his eyes to stop the tears.
Steve shook his head. “It’s not just about me. It’s about all the people who are going to read that and feel hated too.”
Fury blinked. “Yep, you’re—” Tony had already dashed from the room. “Dismissed.”
“You’re positive they won’t re-arrest him? Or us for that matter?” Sam asked Natasha.
“Yeah.”
“Things
“But the last thing you told me was that you were adopting a kid, and that Steve wanted to adopt him with you but I didn’t think—”
“Anyone seen Steve?” Tony asked as he walked back into the kitchen, where Sam had just appeared. Natasha was rubbing her eyes. Rhodey was sound asleep.
“I know it’s just a rumor, and I don’t know how this is happening, but you’re actually getting good publicity right now.”
“Uhhh…quick question, how’s Wanda?”
Steve stiffened in surprise, and then in an instant his hands were on Tony’s shoulders, pulling him closer. Tony cupped the back of Steve’s head and kissed him harder, then pulled his helmet off and kissed him again, running his hand through Steve’s hair. Steve’s lips were soft, and there was a streak of dirt on his cheek that Tony brushed off gently.
Steve looked small on the hospital bed, the breathing apparatus, IV and other machines dwarfing him and casting a faint shadow over his face. His eyes were closed. His chest rose and fell slowly, but just that little movement was enough to make Tony's heart ache with relief so strong he wanted to yell.
Miles hopped down from where he was sitting next to Sam and ran over to Tony and Steve. “Dad, if Pops thinks you can’t protect yourself but you’re an Avenger then can I be an Avenger? Can I be an Avenger now?”
Wanda looked in concern at Tony’s bowed head and walked around the table to his side.
“Get some sleep, Cap,” Tony interrupted. “Let’s worry about it in the morning.”
Tony yanked his hand back from Steve’s and looked up at the reporter who had appeared in front of them and just finished snapping a photo. They all stood up.
“Still think he hates you? I wouldn’t pile blankets on someone I hated unless I was trying to, I don’t know, smother them?”
Wanda began laughing through her tears.
“I’ll pay for that later.”
It was just your run of the mill alien invasion. Fury wanted them split up into two teams, one for each arm of the attack. Steve, the Hulk, Clint, Nat and Bucky would be on the ground while Tony, Rhodey, Sam, Carol, Jan and Thor took the sky.
"Easy, Cap," Tony interrupted, taking him by the shoulders. "It has nothing to do with chance. You made all this happen."
“Come on,” Steve urged him, grabbing his hand and trying to pull him out of bed.
"Hey..." Tony rushed forward and pulled Steve into his arms, his heart racing a thousand beats a minute. Steve stiffened, gripping Tony’s shoulder angrily with one hand as if to push him away, but unable to summon the strength.
“Really? Because that sounds an awful lot like something you’d do.” Steve wasn’t disguising his anger anymore.
Tony headed out, turning back to watch Carol and Sam. They were exchanging stories from their army days. Sam laughed out loud at something Carol said and Tony couldn't help but smile a little bit, looking at them, feeling strangely like he had stumbled back in time for a moment.
Nat and Bucky were already in the kitchen.
Steve nodded.
Steve shrugged, looking away. “Hope so.”
Pietro could move again, slowly, which meant he was as good as someone with no mutations who was also winded on top of that. He and Tony covered the exit. Any Hydra agent in the building had been alerted to the fighting by now, and it was definitely over twenty men--closer to forty that they had engaged so far.
He stopped abruptly high up over the steps of the courthouse. Large marble columns flanked the dark mouth of the building. There was no one on the steps. Was he too late? No, that wasn’t possible.
Tony folded his arms and Steve narrowed his eyes. “Come on, Tony, have you seen a child? Half of them have Spiderman backpacks and lunchboxes. No one thinks they’re Spiderman.”
He woke up without his neck aching, or his eyes hurting, or that dizzy hollow feeling of sleep deprivation. He was warm, and relaxed...and his hand was resting against Steve’s arm.
After some time, Natasha shifted. "I talked with Clint."
Breakfast could wait.
Steve looked up and smiled. “Hey, Buck. How was your trip?”
Footsteps made him glance up, and Wanda inhaled sharply at the sight of his dark circles and sunken eyes.
Natasha looked at him in confusion. “I’m not hurt, Clint. Are…are you?”
They were going to take him to court. They had won. So why did Tony feel so hollow? He scrolled down and stopped cold. There was a picture of the court, the steps...he recognized it. Above it read the title “
“I really am sorry to bother you. Do you mind if I just ask one question?”
Jan landed on Carol’s shoulder, wings drooping. “Don’t jinx it.”
“Anyone seen Miles?” she asked, smiling. “We’re playing hide and seek.”
They boarded the quinjet in the dark hours before dawn, and Tony felt too wired for the battle ahead to feel any exhaustion, too distracted by memories of last night to feel properly nervous.
Natasha said through the comms, "Cover me. Sam, be ready."
“Isn’t it?”
"How are you feeling, any better?"
“Not the type to what? Be a good father?”
“Hey Miles, what’s your favorite kind?” Tony asked, lifting him up into his arms.
Tony scoffed. "What, you think we can fix
Steve got to his feet. “What, and that would give me a right to
Sam smiled broadly and shook his head. “You guys make a cute couple though.” He raised his mug at them, smirking.
," Natasha murmured, waving a hand in his face.
Tony gritted his teeth and threw his phone on the floor, sitting up straighter. There had been so much red in his dream. A stream of scarlet. It had to be Wanda.
“Okay, Miles, do you want to come down? It’s not safe for you up here.”
Tony let out a humorless laugh. “Like that’ll do any good. They’ll be arrested again in no time.”
Steve looked at him in shock and sudden understanding, the color fading from his cheeks. Tony turned and walked out of the room.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Fuck you man.” He knew it was true. He didn’t remember the last time he had gotten a full night’s sleep, and nightmares were just the start.
"Very. Focused. Yup."
Bucky's hand went white on the trigger of his gun. "There's no way he could reactivate me."
He pulled away from the hug. Wanda reached up and brushed a tear from his cheek, which earned her a shaky smile.
Tony nodded. “Yeah.” After a minute he said, “My dad…”
“I wasn’t saying I thought it was a big deal,” Steve said, pulling back slightly. “Just that I’m a bit unsure of myself.”
“Yup, people still generally suck,” Tony agreed.
Steve glanced at Tony briefly. “What kind does she get?”
Anger flared in Tony’s chest, pulling him back to full consciousness. Is that why Steve picked up? “I didn’t kidnap her.”
Tony took Steve’s hand suddenly. “Hey, come with me for a sec.”
“This is not funny, Steve. What if you get a hot date and then I have to explain to our son that his father is cheating on me, huh?”
“Just go,” Pepper had pushed him with a small smile.
“Like I said, I was gone for FIVE minutes…” Bucky leaned forward, lowering his voice. “Are...you and Steve…”
what I want, Tony,” Steve replied earnestly. “And I’m not…any good at any of this without you, either,” he added, and allowed himself a small smile. “After everything, I’m just I’m lucky that you still want this.”
Thor knelt and put down his hammer, lifting his hands over his head. “I can tell I would not stand a chance against you, little Spiderman.”
Sam and Bucky set Steve up in the room he used to sleep in. Everyone was there now, but it didn’t feel like it used too—it was tense. It was strange. Tony disappeared to his lab, knowing very well that he was just avoiding the problem.
“What the fuck just happened?” Tony asked, bracing himself against the table.
Tony got to his feet, his eyes flaring with anger. “No, I wasn’t. I was ready to let you kill me, there’s a difference.”
“I want to own up to my side of this, like you have for yours.” His lip trembled as he looked anywhere that wasn’t Tony. “Maybe Nat was right. There’s more than enough blame to go around.” He paused. His eyes were so red, it felt like a stab to the gut every time Tony looked at him.
“Okay, is this marriage fake or not?” Fury asked over the loud speaker. “And can you sort it out somewhere that is not my Helicarrier?”
“Well,” Tony started, clearing his throat as he glared at Steve, “Pops was frozen in a big block of ice and when we defrosted him—”
Natasha turned to Steve. “Relax, Cap. Miles is playing with Peter and there’s no way he can hear you from two floors down.”
“No, I wouldn’t.”
The wave of frenzied energy he usually got after an all-nighter hit halfway through the debriefing with Fury. Steve and the rest of the Avengers returned, tired, dirty and a little bloody, but all in one piece. Tony’s heart raced as Steve turned towards him in the doorway, but Steve averted his eyes and began answering Fury’s questions.
“I know, you’re gonna say ‘on your left,’” Sam murmured, taking the cup from Steve when he was finished. “Save your breath. It’s alright, I—I got what you were trying to say.” He smiled, and when Steve started to smile weakly back, Sam’s smile burst into a grin. “Son of a bitch.”
“Tony, are you okay?” she asked.
"Tony."
Tony rubbed his face with his hands. None of this fucking made sense. Then this wouldn’t have happened unless… “Poison.”
Wanda shrugged. “He chose to follow you because you saved his life and he trusts you.”
"I look forward to that in our arguments."
"Feel like getting some sleep?"
“Okay,” Miles replied as he started eating.
“Not that early, is it?” Steve asked. Bucky shrugged.
“Pull up the covers a little,” Steve said, and Tony lifted them up to the middle of Steve’s back.
Tony took a step back, his chest tightening. “Isn’t that what you came here to do?”
“What, are you tired?” Steve asked.
“Don’t argue with me. Remember that time I had to literally carry you to bed?”
Tony watched Steve's expression close off in a way Tony hadn't seen in a long time, and it made his heart ache with the awful familiarity.
“Sorry,” he murmured against Steve’s chest, already half-asleep.
Not even Peggy, even though she was alive, and he knew that had broken Steve’s heart, knowing everything he had missed out on, everything that could have been.
“Tuesday.”
Sam swooped down in a blur. Red Skull struggled between Wanda's magic and Natasha's chokehold, then finally shot a beam of magic at Sam--it deflected off the shield. In one huge arc, Sam sliced with the blades on his wing clear through Red Skull's outstretched arm. The severed arm--and the Time Stone upon it's finger--fell to the floor.
“You never thought you’d win? Well, you did, Steve,” Tony snapped, “so why don’t you just be happy about it?” He knew he shouldn't be arguing with Steve when he was in this state.
Tony cursed under his breath.
Rhodey sighed and laughed. "Oh shit. Are you sure you don't mean your dick?"
Steve shook his head. "You flirt with everyone, Tony. And I'm just..."
Steve glared at him.
“A bed does sound pretty good right about now,” Steve said, glancing at Tony. “I’m gonna go shower. I’ll be quick.”
“That’s not possible.”
And just like that Steve’s jaw tightened like steel, and he looked away. “What do you want me to do, apologize?”
The color bled from Steve’s face, his lips tightening in anger. “What are you saying, that I’ve failed—”
“Of course your kid has an Uncle Sam, mister happened-to-be-born-on-the-4th-of-July.” Sam raised his eyebrows at Steve and picked Miles up and spun him around, beaming at him. “By the way I’m the cool uncle,” he added, putting Miles up on his shoulders.
Sometime after the debriefing and when they were all getting checked out at medical, Clint took a seat next to Natasha, who was getting stitches over a pretty bad wound on her forehead. He laced his fingers through hers and sat there until the S.H.I.E.L.D. doctor left them alone. They didn’t say a word to each other, but Natasha simply placed a hand on the side of Clint’s neck and pulled him into her chest. She understood. And that was all he needed in the world.
, down to his core. Frustrated because he had misjudged Tony before getting to know him. He believed all the gossip and the stupid tabloids that Tony was a self-proclaimed ladies’ man and an attention whore and wanted nothing more than to party his way through life, flashing his money around like a badge every time he got in trouble. He was frustrated because now he knew there was more to Tony than the tabloids showed. He knew Tony wasn’t the genius billionaire playboy philanthropist he claimed to be, and yet he insisted on only showing people that awful side to himself. Steve just wanted him to be real with them, that’s all.
Tony shut off his virtual computer and exited the lab, chewing on his lip, trying to decide what to do. He was concentrating so hard he didn't even realise until it was too late he was about to run head first into Pepper, the one person he didn't want to see.
‘Have you not been sleeping?’ Bruce asks bluntly.
'What shall I relay as your response?'
'It's alright,' Tony repeats, 'I'm taking you home now.'
'Sir, that rather depends on how you perceive Captain Rogers.'
'I do what I can.'
'And I do understand that it isn't your fault if you don't trust me,' Steve drops his gaze before rallying, 'I'll just have to prove to you that you can.'
'Rhodes, this isn't the same.'
‘It is four in the afternoon, sir,’ Jarvis confirms.
'Tony!' Steve scolds.
A double beep comes from the phone and Tony types in another number before speaking,
‘Bruce,’ the scientist smiles and they shake. ‘No comment about my rage monster this time?’
*                                  *                                  *
'Mister Pennyworth has a distinct advantage over me at this time,' Jarvis retorts. 'Peter is speaking to us both, however.'
Steve's grip is probably lighting up the pressure warnings for Tony's suit.
'That's right,' he sighs. 'We don't need anyone else.'
Thor smiles a lot.
Jarvis would likely be laughing if he could.
That sounds fun,
'Mister Stark,' the man jolts and puts his hands into the air. 'Don't shoot!'
‘Then put the new one in, overload it and swap back to the old one,’ Steve points out reasonably.
Oh. That's Steve.
'Because AIM are crazy people who made a kid from me and Cap,' Tony tells her.
'Did they hurt you?' Steve tries to get a better view of the boy but he flinches and scoots further behind the machine. 'I'm sorry,' Steve leans back again, 'I won't hurt you. I promise you're safe now.'
After what could honestly have been hours but was most likely only a minute or so Steve feels himself tensing up and he makes a babbling noise that he hopes Tony understands. Tony doesn't move though.
There's something touching his face; he tries to pull away but the grip is strong. He thinks he makes a whimpering noise but then there're a very familiar pair of lips on his own.
'He's a damn virgin, Pepper!' Tony interrupts. 'He's been waiting for the perfect girl to come along and they'd get married and then have sex and then have All American babies and a dog or whatever. He wants that, Pepper. I can't take that from him.'
‘Tony…’ Steve tries to pull the conversation back under control.
'Well, yes,' Pepper smiles. 'But I'm sure one of his main reasons, which he hasn't actually admitted to, is that he thinks Steve will want to take the baby.'
It's the zoning out that's new; he's communicating with the computers more directly, Steve understands, but it's unnerving all the same.
Tony laughs,
Sure enough there's a figure with a blue chest, a smaller figure, two deformed sticks in different colours and a squiggle that runs above their heads.
Tony enters his bedroom and gazes for a minute at where his son is asleep on his bespoke bed, still clutching his suit jacket. He smiles and gets changed before climbing into the opposite side of the bed.
I feel I should finally make some sort of AN..
He briefly considers moving out to avoid the embarrassment of having to see Tony everyday. Well, every few days, he is
'Yeah, that happens,' Tony yawns on the other end of the phone.
'You know Jarvis monitors everything, right?' Tony looks at him in amusement. 'And I perfected my coloured 3D holograms?'
'Why do you think he decided to tell you?'
Steve laughs,
'It's human nature, Cap,' he sees Tony's gaze slide to the bar for a moment before flicking to his son. 'They prod at what they think is the story. All the time I'm the poor spoilt rich boy, whose hero of a father just didn't have time for him, they don't think to ask about my mother.'
‘Oh, fuck, are you crying?’ Tony sounds positively horrified. ‘Christ, Steve, don’t do that. I don’t know how to deal with that. Butterfingers, get Steve a… a cup of tea! That’s a thing. Steve, it’s ok, you’ll have some tea.’
Which is the only reason he sees a cover get lifted from a previously unnoticed side table and a large needle get carried over to Tony's side. As Steve takes a breath to ask what it is the contents get pushed into Tony's unresisting arm.
About time.
'Of course, Mr Stark,' she smiles at him and they enter the room together.
'Negative.'
Great, now Tony looks pole-axed. Good work Rogers.
Natasha did say that the people that knew before him were probably the ones to convince Tony to tell him.
'Jesus Christ!' Tony's voice comes back to him immediately. 'For fucks sake, Cap, this is a little delicate, can you not make me jump?'
'Maybe she can have that one,' he agrees as he gathers his three favourites onto his lap. 'You can play with the one with the engine that sticks out.'
'I probably would if you didn't keep moving,' Tony gazes up at him with big sad eyes.
‘Seriously?’ Tony stretches and stands up. ‘After the vast array of psychological hang-ups you had to battle past, you being Captain America, in order for me to half-reliably be able to take something from your hands… You think I’m a good candidate for spilling my issues to a stranger?’
But then he's also resisting the urge to lean over and kiss him.
'I knew you would,' she agrees. 'You're that sort of man.'
'I lost my babysitter, that's what happened,' Tony pouts up at her.
EDIT: The wonderful
Tony tips his head to the side as he considers his companion.
'Motorbikes,' he corrects. 'And you can't ride them until you're much older.'
'I think we go this way,' Pete beams as he leads him down a hallway.
'Making a mess?' Steve shrugs as he gazes at the bag.
'I will tell him,' Tony wants to make sure Jarvis knows. 'Make a reminder; I have to tell Steve by Jim's sixth birthday or you just send him a message the day after.'
'Mister Stark,' a woman appears in a new hologram, 'I'm so sorry for the delay.'
'You really think he's... You think someone took him?!'
'Pepper! Did Jay tell you the good news?' he's already down the corridor to his bedroom so she follows him. 'Everything's good, Pep, we can get this thing going. This time next year we should have four more facilities entirely self sufficient!'
Bruce smiles at it gently before handing it back,
‘We’ll debrief,’ Natasha looks between the two of them. ‘You two go.’
Dummy takes the elephant gently and the waves it around before balancing it, badly, on the arm of the sofa. It takes him five attempts before it stays put and Pete is giggling happily when he does.
'And Jarvis,' Tony corrects even as he grins.
God, if only he could kiss him.
Pepper is used to his eccentrics by now so barely even hesitates at the question,
'Hmm?' Tony had turned back to his tablet but looks up again now. 'Yeah.'
He can't get over the certain knowledge that his partner doesn't trust him.
'If it turns out like Dummy that's not much of an improvement, but it wouldn't shed on everything, I suppose.'
'You know that movie you like with the gopher?'
'Your mind with Steve's serum?' Bruce suggests with a shrug. 'Maybe just a simple straight up bargaining chip against you both.'
'How would you feel if your positions were reversed? If you had a child that no one told you about?' Pepper scowls at him.
'Dada?' the little boy blinks up at Steve as he wakes.
'You don't,' Pepper points out.
*          *         *
Steve looks between the two exes before realising he's being rude,
'Sir, your food is on the way up.'
'Sounds lovely,' Steve manages to keep a straight face.
On the screen he can see Tony smirking,
‘It’s from around the reactor,’ Tony tells him even as Steve reaches for his t-shirt. ‘Leave it!’
‘I’m fine,’ Tony dismisses and moves to the edge of the bed. ‘Where’s my stuff?’
Right; he's in the Mansion. What woke him?
'Umm, no,' Tony keeps a straight face as he disagrees, 'you're cooking because you lost a game. And do you really feel you can play the babysitter card when you just revealed my son to a pack of reporters?'
'Ummm...'
He never gets this from Jarvis.
'I promise,' he confirms.
(See the end of the chapter for
'Maybe I should ask her not to,' he ponders as he eats his dinner.
Steve's face does that weird spasming thing where he's trying not to show that something's upset him.
'I want Dada.'
'Do you really want me to describe my experiments?'
Steve swallows heavily and bows his head over Tony. He takes a deep breath and squares his shoulders as he stands,
'You want to calibrate the room using me?' he puts the floorboard back and goes back the way he came.
Tony takes one step backwards and then sits down heavily onto the workshop floor. Dummy beeps and whirs at him in concern and he feels the other two bots turn their attention to him in his mind.
The boy breaks into the most enormous grin and hugs Tony tightly around the neck. Tony closes his eyes and hugs him back.
Tony grins easily,
After finishing eating they return to the sitting area to play with the Duplo, but after half an hour Pete clambers his way into his father's lap.
He sits in silence for a moment as he considers that,
‘I believe the public were informed that you were on a two month ‘bender’, sir,’ Jarvis replies.
He reminds himself that he’s
It’s him that dispels the possibility that Tony just doesn’t like being handed things technological or possibly dangerous verses the paper Pepper gave him.
'Steve?' Rhodey stares at her, 'Steve from the forties, Captain America Steve?'
'Tell me how to fix it?' Tony requests suddenly. 'I don't know how to fix this; I want to trust you.'
'Ok,' Tony smiles as he moves away.
'No, baby,' he steals Steve's coffee.
Well, I'm certain you were all very good so, as promised: second chapter of the night!
'Of all the guys you could trust with your kids...' Rhodey starts.
‘No! Absolutely not!’ Steve tells him. ‘It’s bad enough that you wouldn’t wait to have a medical professional set your shoulder but you’re not fighting again today. You shouldn’t fly either; you need to rest your arm.’
He looks around the glossy and shiny store and his gaze immediately catches on Tony.
‘Well, for a billionaire, your choices are pretty limited,’ Clint gestures at the ten discs that had managed to scrap together between them.
Tony looks down at Pete as his son gazes up at him,
Back upstairs and Steve curls back into his side.
'He believed you would not want this,' Jarvis continues, 'that you deserved better than to be tied to him.'
'Hey be careful with th... What are you doing?'
But that may be those unreciprocated feelings again.
A small body burrows its way under the sheet and his arm to regain access to his face.
Tony nods and watches as he gets onto the lift,
‘I’m going back to the tower,’ Steve declares immediately. ‘You guys debrief; I need to check on Tony.’
'Cap is going to come up and spend time with Jim whenever he wants,' Tony confirms with a tentative smile.
Is anyone still reading this? :-S
Either way Steve dutifully follows his partner out to meet their car the day after his surgery.
'Coulson is alive,' Tony says, sounding offhanded but staring intently at Fury. 'I assumed you all knew.'
Mostly this doesn’t bother Steve; Tony is a consultant, as he’s only too happy to remind them whenever people try to give him orders, so he can do as he pleases when the missions are over. But when Tony’s injured, especially if it’s bad, Steve really wishes he would stay at least long enough to be seen by medical.
'Of... what?' Steve turns around. 'Why would I be jealous of Pete?'
'You can touch me,' Tony tells him.
'I scared him,' Steve sighs and sits at the kitchen island. 'Will he even want me around Pete anymore?'
‘You think I’m upset with you?’ Steve stares at him in horror.
‘Put it down,’ Tony instructs then immediately picks it up from the workbench.
'Sir, the large batch of coffee that I took the liberty of preparing is ready,' Jarvis is a lifesaver.
And why was Tony not surprised?
He moves away again as Steve turns around with the cooked pancakes ready on a plate,
'I suppose I spend the most time with Bruce,' Tony smiles.
There's a pause where Steve cannot think of anything to say before Tony continues quietly,
'I'm going to make this up to Steve,' Tony shrugs.
He gets that Jarvis wouldn't tell him, he does, and Pepper and Rhodes are Tony's friends not his, but Bruce?
*          *          *
‘We’ll go home then,’ Steve suggests, deciding this is another good time to skip debriefing.
*          *          *
'Don't be absurd,' Steve tells him. 'He'll just make himself a robot dog and everything will be fine.'
‘I do,’ Steve crosses his arms and maintains eye contact stubbornly.
'Bruce...' Steve trails off.
'Hello, sweetie,' Pepper stands up and moves to Tony. 'I brought you this,' she offers him a soft blue blanket.
'No, Captain,' he thinks he hears a weapon being primed and then disarmed. 'I'll be fine. Jarvis will be able to contact me if you need me.'
‘Sir is currently asleep in the penthouse, Captain,’ Jarvis tells him. ‘Shall I take a message for you?’
'Ok,' she keeps smiling, 'let me know if you change your mind.'
'Cap? What's wrong?'
'Oh, pretty normal,' Tony pulls away still grinning, 'I have a clone, I'm expecting another child with a man who doesn't know about it, Steve managed to reveal the existence of my kid to the world during a press conference on green energy, I accused Captain America of child abuse and nearly had my AI shoot him in the head.'
'You have ten minutes but the press are already assembled,' Jarvis replies.
'Yes ma'am.'
'Does anyone know why power output is dropping in the evenings?'
. Moving out really would be giving up though and he really doesn’t want to loose Tony completely from his life. Part of him also worries what his departure might do to Tony, who’s had far too many people let him down before.
‘Oh,’ Steve smiles, ‘not SHIELD then?’
'Tell me what to do,' Steve pulls back a little and gazes up at him. 'I'm... what you did to me before.. teach me to do that.'
'It's alright,' Tony hugs the boy close, 'I'm sorry, I'm sorry...'
'Keep trying them until they answer,' Tony instructs and moves to take the lift up to the penthouse.
'Big Green,' Tony interrupts, 'go with Spangles.'
There's the sound of breaking china behind him and things go a little insane.
'A Lamborghini?' Steve asks quietly as Pete starts drawing in the corner.
'Please,' she stares at him. 'Steve, what would you want with Tony?'
'Right, sorry.'
'I...' Rhodey stares at him.
'My mother beat me on a semi regular basis from as early as I can remember until I was sent to boarding school,' Tony reports mechanically.
'One minute remains,' Jarvis sounds tense and Steve feels the metal of the console give under his grip.
'That's fucking adorable.'
‘Yeah, like I’m going to let anyone else mess with this,’ Rhodey scoffs and the two of the fall into banter surrounding the uselessness of army tech experts.
‘Right,’ he shakes his head to try and clear it as he pulls a tablet from his pocket. 'How many rooms to go, Jay?'
Pete's last mouthful has barely been swallowed when, with his eyelids starting to droop, he gets down from the table,
‘Oh, honey,’ Pepper rubs his back. ‘Jarvis, tell Tony to get up here.’
Steve can't be certain, but that sounds like quite an impressive bit of reasoning for a three and a half year old,
'I don't suppose you know your Dada's cell number?' the man gives him a strange smile.
'Why?' Tony shakes his head as his mind races.
“Well, to be fair, you like Steve in this universe,” Natasha commented.
“Does that mean you’re volunteering?” he asked, waggling his eyebrows.
“Of course she can, buddy. FRIDAY, scan the stones for us, will ya?”
“I’m here,” he said automatically. He was beginning to realise his surroundings. He was in a room. A warehouse maybe? No, a workshop. His workshop. In Avengers tower. He was in his workshop, seated at his computer, with Jane Foster and Thor Odinson standing above him. He was in his body, but he wasn’t, at the same time. Tony could see himself, eyes slightly unfocused, not really coherent.
“You can spare me the details. Will you be in any legal trouble if what happens gets out?”
“S.H.I.E.L.D. isn’t gonna talk to a kid unless you got on their radar—and not in a good way.”
“You don’t like it? The power it gives you?”
“When’s Foggy picking you up?”
“Yea,” Older Natasha said.
Steve heard Tony swallow thickly.
Tony approached the chair she was sitting in, and knelt down until he was eyelevel with her. “What if I told you I won’t destroy the reality gem once we send you back to your world? Would that help?”
Jane and Thor cast another look at each other. "Yes, Steve exists in this world," Jane reassured him. "You saw him with the shield, remember? He and all of your friends, your group, live here with you."
Tony nodded, sloppy and still drunk. "'M tired," he slurred. "If you don't believe me, just ask Jane and Thor. They'll know what I mean." And then Tony passed out again, leaving the Avengers confused and at a loss for words, desperately wanting to talk to Jane and Thor.
After a few minutes of nothing happening, he sighed. “It’s not working,” he mumbled.
“We want to bring you back!” he blurted out. “Steve wants to use the time stone to go back before Thanos kills you.”
Tony frowned. “Don’t know any of them.”
“Tasha!” he yelled and hobbled over to her as fast as he could. His balance was off and it looked like he couldn’t control his movements as much as he used to be able to. Natasha’s throat felt thick as her tears threatened to spill again.
Thor broke into a grin as he took in the familiar sight of Heimdall at his post in Asgard. He clasped hands with the all-seeing man in lieu of a greeting.
Tony frowned at that. “You’re gonna stay here?” he asked. “But with all the family drama…I mean, you just found out your brother isn’t actually evil, but you’re older sister you didn’t know about is.”
“Hey, assface!” Tony taunted, watching as Thanos turned around to face him.
make them all dissipate into dust. “Just try us, buddy. You’ve never faced the Avengers before. We’re Earth’s mightiest heroes.”
Natasha let out a breath. “I got caught hacking into their file system, okay?”
“I don’t like it.”
Clint and Natasha looked at each other. "Uh, okay. And Natasha's your daughter?"
"To this other world?"
There was a sharp sting on his cheek, like he’d been slapped. But it seemed faraway, numb, like it wasn’t really happening to him. “ANTHONY STARK!” a booming voice demanded. He knew that voice. It was Thor.
“Yeah, fuck you,” Clint said, his voice devoid of any sort of emotion whatsoever. That Titan asshole had just murdered his friend. He didn’t really have anything else to live for at this point.
Steve frowned. He’d never heard that name before. “Thanos?”
Pepper huffed. "It's a legally binding document saying these investors are investing their money in the new Stark Phone I proposed to them last week. It's just a formality so that we are all in agreement and legally in business together, okay?"
Pietro's girlfriend Crystal grew up with parents who were Wiccans, so everyone at school thought she worshipped the devil. She just had a thing for the elements, which made people look at her like she was crazy. Plus she was known to date around, which grated on Natasha's nerves every time she heard someone mutter 'slut' around her.
Occupation:
Lovers:
"Why am I drunk?" he repeated. "I thought you all were supposed to stop me if I wanted to drink. I can't end up like my father. I can't do that to my kids.”
“You can’t beat me,” Thanos said, crushing Natasha’s heart with the gauntlet until it turned to dust.
“Great. Now, where’s Vision?” Tony asked.
“Of course, sir,” FRIDAY replied.
“You know I can’t tell if I can’t see your eyes.”
Clint nodded, unable to use his words.
Steve pretended to pay attention to the violent movie Clint had picked out that was playing on screen, but he found he couldn’t turn his mind off. He pretended to be tired, cleaned up the dishes, and then retreated to his room. His fingers itched at his side, pulsing against his leg. He was restless.
With Tony's senses dulled, though, he wasn't really sure what was going on, or where he was. The only thing his mind really focused on was the sound of Steve speaking. Steve saying, "So he isn't dead?" as if he had actually been worried about the man.
She texted her dad when she got to the classroom that dinner that night was a go, and a reminder to be nice and not embarrassing.
"Yes, Nat,
“I don’t think I have enough power to do that,” Steve said.
“Easier said than done, Дьявол (d'yavol).”
“I’ll be green,” Natasha said, and spent the day at the hospital playing games with her family.
Tony stared at her. “I’m telling you I’m from another world, and that’s the part you’re focusing on?”
I’m not your son, Tony thought, but again, chose to keep his thoughts private. This Thanos guy shared the shit out of him.
Natasha raised an eyebrow at him. “I’m glad to hear.” She secretly hoped Tony and Steve cut all the bullshit and eventually become boyfriends, but that wasn’t really for her to decide. She was just so used to seeing them as her parents that she just wanted every version of the world’s Tony and Steves to be together like hers were. That was probably wishful thinking, but she was still holding out hope they would make it somehow.
"My friends are idiots," she muttered under her breath.
Everything was still going fine, until Clint saw Wesley ask Natasha if she wanted to go to a more private setting. “Shit,” Clint whispered under his breath, tensing up. He saw Natasha mouth that she needed to tell her roommate not to wait up for her. Seconds later he got a text from Natasha stating she was leaving with Wesley and to follow their car. She shared her location with Clint, and he was going to use it to track her to their final destination.
“….pitting us against each other, years of us fighting for your affection and attention. You wanted us to hate each other.” Clint realised he was back at the scene of Gamora verbally attacking Thanos. Just like that, Steve turned back time, Clint was back in his perch, watching everything go down.
"You're finally introducing us? Do they even know everything about me?"
“Oh,” Tony says dumbly.
Jane put a hand on Thor's chest. "No, we can't, sweetie. Remember, JARVIS is no longer with us, yeah?"
“No, it’s not. What has he made you do?”
“I’m not sure I should tell you.”
Loki laughed humourlessly. “No,” he said.
“He said 8:30ish.”
Tony smiled at her, grateful. "Okay, thanks. So what do you people do for fun around here?"
Karen's mom worked all the time to distract herself from the fact her son was killed in a car accident, her husband was an abusive alcoholic and a drug addict, and to ignore the fact her daughter was headed in the same direction.
“Thor!” Tony screamed.
“He called us ants. And that he was going to take the stones from us, and I quote, ‘dissipate us into dust.’” Tony shivered again. “I really don’t like that guy.”
Tony sniffed. “Yeah, we can do that. Let me just, uh…grab a bite to eat or somethin’ and then we can head out.”
“It’s just…Loki’s not a good guy where I’m from. He’s kind of an evil alien sorcerer who tried to rule Earth and stuff…”
"Natasha, we're friends, right?"
"I didn't actually take it. Thought about it. Sold it instead."
Steve shifted in his seat. “You know her?” Tony had told him Peggy was a part of their lives in this universe, but he needed confirmation again, just to be sure.
quite dark, and it would be wise to make sure no other creatures have made their home in here. He’s not the mood for bear-wrestling.
Steve stands up the second he can touch the bottom, Tony still tucked under his arm. He sets him down once they’re out of the water and walks up the sand to the rocks. He can hear the engineer on his tail, carefully picking his way across the terrain but keeping pace. Steve has to remind himself not to go too fast: Tony is a fit guy, but he’s still not a spy, or a super-soldier.
“I hope she burned them,” Tony’s all swagger and confidence until Steve’s pulling on the strings of his gown and letting it fall away from his body. Suddenly he’s sitting there basically naked, save for his underwear, the collar round his neck, and the bandages on his chest. There’s a lot of Steve to behold, all of him covered in beautiful milky skin. Tony catches himself staring and quickly pulls the shirt over Steve’s head. By the time the soldier’s face is poking through, the engineer is down on one knee feeding the pants onto his legs. It’s enough time to get himself under control.
“Steve! Don’t-” Tony starts.
He doesn’t know anything about Steve, or his limits.
JARVIS is already loading whatever weapons this model is stocked with. “Copy that. Fly straight for a sec,” Steve lines himself up and the suit helps keep him steady. It’s strange trying to both account for his legs but also forget about them at the same time. It’s working, though. He’s flying straight, the HUD showing him the tracking system locking on to the enemy projectiles. Iron Man’s own missiles launch, and JARVIS drops both of them out of the sky. Above them, the Jericho explodes, showering them with crystal fragments.
The suit. He’s trying to look at the suit. He knows that with a few tweaks he can improve the design, strengthen a few areas while easing back on others. The way Rogers moves suggests it’s stiff in the shoulders. Tony could fix that. He could probably improve the polymer, too. Make the fabric more agreeable. Improve how it slips on and off.
If he had JARVIS, he’d ramble to him, but he doesn’t. So Tony rambles to himself. “You’ll sleep this off, right Cap?” Tony takes what he needs from one bag and pushes it under Steve’s legs. He takes out a pillow and inflates it with a couple of puffs. “Yup, that serum of yours will fix you right up, and you’ll be fine. You’ll be back to annoying the hell out of me in no time. We can get this god-forsaken mission over with, and you can stomp right back to Fury. He’ll probably set Romanoff on me, unless of course you want the honors. I’d let you sock me in the face for this. Honestly, you deserve it.” He cradles Steve’s head and pushes the pillow under it. Then he darts outside and grabs a couple of rocks. They go under each side of the pillow, wedged firmly against the soldier’s ears. He hopes that will be fine until the serum fixes this.
Steve’s got such long fingers.
“I told you, Cyclops, you can’t afford me,” Tony flashes a charming smile at the phone, even though he knows the director can’t see him. “I don’t work for you.”
Steve smiles back, unable to tear his eyes away from his new friend. The EMTs waste no time strapping him in. He lets them tuck a blanket around his lower body and fit a rigid brace around his neck. “I could get used to it,” he agrees as Tony sits next to him and does up his seatbelt. They’re taking off, veering back toward the mainland. “It was pretty amazing. I could teach JARVIS a thing or too though.”
Tony’s face curls into a naughty grin.
A flash of blue darts by the window. Steve pushes himself off the stretcher to get a better look, and he knows
Tony folds his arms on the mattress and drops his face into it. He needs to stop feeling so sorry for himself. But the more he tries to bottle it down and fight the urge to cry, the more Steve’s stroking hand on his shoulder blasts apart his strength. The soldier jerks his hand across Tony’s back, whatever he can reach. He can’t take it anymore. The dam has to break, or he’ll surely explode.
“Long as you’ll have me.”
Steve feels his entire body start to stiffen, really
against strict orders not to, but then he remembers that he’s been terse since the beginning. “Just... focus on the mission, okay?” he lifts his hands pleadingly. Now’s not the time to be discussing his personal issues.
A drop of rain splatters on his cheek. It’s cold and harsh, and it brings him back. They can’t stay out here. Steve
Once again, he’s finding a hard time summing up Steve in any one word apart from ‘bastard’.
“Someone got old blueprints off the internet, or the black market, or
“My data banks are equipped with plenty of martial arts techniques,” JARVIS replies steadily. “Perhaps I can be an adequate substitute for your skill and instinct.”
he can’t let slip. His anger shows plain as day on his face, and Tony actually shrinks a little.
“Captain Rogers-” the EMT grabs his arm to pull him back, but he’s so much stronger than her that it doesn’t make a difference. Two normal humans are no match for the top half of Captain America.
That won’t be an issue. No human, no matter how hard they train, can ever match the strength, speed, and durability of Captain America. Even injured as he is, he’s got Iron Man to make up for it. Steve fires up the repulsors and holds up his hands. It might be harder than usual, but he can take this guy.
Steve’s about to bring up the fact that Tony brought
“Hang on, Captain,” JARVIS takes full control, and Steve finds his body moving without his command. His legs jump, and he spins horizontal to the ground before landing again. All the shots miss, and Iron Man lunges forward off a foot. This time Steve finds his arm responsive, and swings it around. His fist clocks the guard in the jaw, snapping his head sideways and felling him instantly.
Tony can’t bear his own thoughts as he trudges through the rain gathering Iron Man out of mud and grass. It’s cold, and his fingers are freezing. At least most of him is dry though, thanks to the coveralls. He shivers and pulls the last piece out of a bush, dropping it down the cliff. Some of the pieces fell with them, but some have landed up here. He tries not to look down. It’s a very long way, and he can’t imagine what would have become of his body had he not had Steve to protect him.
The drive up to the house is shorter than it usually feels. Steve’s staring out the window, watching the world go by. They get further and further from the city, finally pulling onto open road. The view is pretty good, and it’ll only get better. Tony smiles and watches his friend admire the seaside view with a warm heart. The soldier’s hand is sitting right there on the seat beside him, within reach, almost asking to be touched.
“Come on Steve, you can’t be that stupid-”
‘Each other’ here isn’t the entire team, not in this context. “You lied to me.”
Still, he has to appreciate the balls.
He wants Steve, and Steve wants him back. This feels like a turning point second only to the birth of Iron Man. It feels good.
“Not on... warranty. Probably run out... by now.” Steve’s eyes stare distantly through the wall across from him.
He can’t wipe the scowl off his expression, though the realization of truth is bleeding through. But Steve simply pushes out his jaw. “I know,” he agrees lowly. “That’s the best way. It’s what the serum’s for.”
Tony winces, but underneath Steve can tell the inventor doesn’t regret whatever choice he’s made.
“With luck, they won’t be seeing your face,” the director reaffirms.
Tony’s face is glistening with sweat, and he licks his lips nervously. “I-I don’t think you’ll fit in there. Your uh, shoulders. You’re huge. Don’t know if you forgot that Spangles. Don’t fancy being scrunched up in there with you. Looks a bit, uh, unstable. I mean... lots of crumbled rocks, and stuff.”
Tony doesn’t like feeling manipulated, but he has to admit that an underhanded approach was the only way of making this arrangement work. He sits there in silence, trying to decide how he feels about all this. Fury is right though, he’s glad to have had the company. What irks him the most is that he still feels Fury is flippant about Steve’s safety.
“Hey,” Steve smiles, leaning back with a wince and wrapping a hand around his ribs. He holds up the paper bag, and Tony takes it from him. “Dinner. JARVIS said you liked burgers.”
“You really sure about coming over?” Steve asks quietly. “I mean... we don’t know each other that well.”
Tony steps out of his own suit the second Steve’s safely on the stretcher. It flies off with the other, off to help in any way they can. The inventor grabs hold of a handle as the doors slide shut and they take off, a sly grin on his face. “Well? No more spandex for you then?”
This one is blue. It’s faster and sharper and newer than the one he’s just worn, the display buzzing with information as usual. How does Tony follow all of this at once? Even his serum-enhanced brain is struggling to process it all, whatever he can understand. JARVIS is already filtering the display for him though, showing him only what is absolutely necessary.
The ground sharply leans upward, and they’ve reached a cliff. Steve looks up through the thick foliage, and he can’t see the top. He peers down at his feet, and the ground is a bit rougher, the dirt littered with rocks and pebbles.
He doesn’t. “You ever been up here?”
He’s pressed into the ground on his stomach, an arm tucked under his ribs and pushed uncomfortably into them. It’s not his arm, he realizes, but rather the arm of the person crushing him into the forest floor.
it. But he resists, taking the effort to stay relaxed instead of closing in on himself. Tony’s right again, and though the inventor
Steve draws his hand back. They're very close. Tony has to speak before it’s too late, before the words choke him. He’s never felt like this before, what Steve’s stirring up inside of him. He’s...
How much you wanna bet that anything goes to plan?
“Let’s get you back to base,” Fury states, and the helicopter dips sideways.
He will. Steve
Steve frowns at it sternly, then frowns at Tony. He should have foreseen this. “Fury told you not to bring any tech. If we’re compromised it could be traced back to us, and to SHIELD.”
They pull up together and circle the complex side-by-side. “Just couldn’t bear to be away from me, could ya,” Tony comments.
Steve’s apartment is strikingly empty. There are a few pictures put up, but the whole place is sickeningly organized. It looks more like a museum than an actually place someone lives in.
Next is a black shirt, and it’s very snug, hugging his toned body. Over top goes a bullet-proof vest, and he’s flattered that Fury thinks him so valuable.
He fetches a blanket and some more pillows, jogging all the way. Steve lets himself be manipulated, and Tony carefully props up his huge body until he’s comfortable. He drapes a blanket over the soldier’s torso. Everything feels sudden and easy. All his fears are gone, just like that. “I guess that means I get to do this, then,” he leans over and kisses his new house-mate's forehead.
He doesn’t have to fight anymore. Steve sighs. “Okay. Thanks, JARVIS.”
Steve scowls at him, but it has no real scorn in it. “No. I don’t. Natasha made me get rid of them.”
“Welcome back, sir,” JARVIS greets. It’s been a while since Tony’s visited. Sometimes he comes up here, usually to hang out with Bruce in the lab. The tower would make a good base of operation, though he hopes there’s never a reason for the Avengers to reassemble.
“I have people for that,” Tony waves a hand. “Just give me your address. We can stop by on the way out, if you want.”
The HUD scans his face and starts running it through the data JARVIS has collected. “This is one of the strongest soldiers currently stationed here,” the AI relays, sliding one of Steve’s legs back in accordance with his upper-body position. “As far as I can tell by his training regiment and performance, at least.”
But wait, what about the ship tag!?!?
The silence doesn’t last. “Why you givin’ me the cold shoulder? Did I do something terrible to you?” Tony asks, caught somewhere between disappointed and uncaring, like he can’t decide if he wants Steve’s approval simply because he doesn’t have it, or because he genuinely wants it.
The tools for the project Fury called him away from are still laid out on the work bench. Tony sits down and looks over at the extra-strength garbage bag full of the suit he originally brought with him to the island. He looks back at the array of supplies in front of him, then back at the cases of extra suits all around him. JARVIS has cleaned and repaired them as well as he can in the inventor’s absence. He spots the blue and silvers ones next to each other.
“S’okay, Tony,” Steve pats his shaking shoulders.
“Couple of days,” the nurse replies, unfazed and perfectly professional. “Just to keep an eye on how everything is healing.” She glances at Fury. “He shouldn’t go back to work for two weeks at least.”
“Makes the trip worth it. Loads more roads up here like this. I could show you around. Take the convertible, get the wind in your hair, sun on your face. It’s nice.”
"Let me know if you need help.”
“Okay, be careful.”
“I’m sure we could find some uniforms hanging around that we could borrow,” Steve agrees.
“So what, you’re gonna be taking all the watches for however long we’re stuck on this god-forsaken island?” Tony peels his own banana.
“Nice work,” Steve rights his shoulders.
“I didn’t ask you to. Just follow.” Steve starts to walk, making sure to watch the ground for debris as he picks his way through. He holds aside branches and guides both of them around fallen logs and brambles.
It’s time to go. He and Rogers are both given a bag of clothes and told to change. Tony slips into the empty office across the hall and opens the bag. He finds black, a lot of it. Which is fine. He can work black, just like he can work a lot of things. The style though...? Not his first pick. But he dresses, taking off his t-shirt and jeans and tossing them into the bag. Then he pulls on the reinforced cargo pants in very dark army green. They’ve got knee pads on them, clearly designed for combat.
“Uh huh,” Steve agrees whole-heartedly. He looks like he’s trying to nod, but he can’t. It takes him a moment to remember why. He accepts the drink when it’s given to him and sucks.
better. Steve’s smiling at him with approval, but says nothing else on the subject.
kept my ass alive,” Steve retorts.
“Sounds like SHIELD’s business to me,” Tony saunters around the bar. Steve’s voice makes him want to put his head through a window, though Loki’s already thrown him through these, so he doesn’t fancy breaking them again. He’s a reformed alcoholic, but he can’t possibly deal with these two unless he’s got a few units in him. That, or they pull the sticks out their asses, and he knows that won’t happen.
Maybe if he just waits a few minutes the super soldier will come round. He did take the full force of their fall, and surely nobody can just bounce back after that.
It’s amazing what a few days can do. Steve’s moving his legs by himself after two days of rest, while Tony helps him turn his upper body. His feet dangle off the edge of bed, and the nurse tests his reflexes. They’re a little weak and slow, but they’re not far from healthy. She brings him some slippers and slides them onto his feet.
“If you think we’re climbing that, you’re out of your mind,” Tony stops at his side and looks up too.
Steve is nodding affirmatively, ready to go. His whole body is buzzing, ready for a fight. That’s what it’s made for, Tony supposes. Fighting, moving, working. Just like the engineer is, but in a different way. Tony is wired to fix and build, and Steve is wired to punch things.
Finally, Steve falls asleep. Tony tucks him in and gives him one last kiss before curling up on the floor beside the couch. He leans his head on the cushions, and falls right to sleep, happier than he’s been in a long time. It feels like a win after a streak of losses, climbing victorious out of a ring he could never escape. He’s bruised and bloody, but alive and climbing back up toward the light. Steve will help him. And he’ll help Steve. He’ll make sure the soldier has a place here in this world, and that he’s never alone. It’ll be tough, he knows it: their personalities are different enough that they’ll clash again for sure. But that’s alright. They can work through their differences, as they’ve already proven. Tony will do everything he can to make this work, because it’s what he wants more than anything else in his life.
Tony has a feeling this may not be the first time the serum has mended the un-mendable. As he understands it, the Captain is more-or-less immune to anesthetics, too. He wonders how many surgeries Steve’s been awake for. And what about this one? Did he have to suffer much?
Steve puts on the hoodie while Tony puts on his sandals. The engineer picks up the back of belongings, the nurse signs the soldier out, and they make their way down to the lobby.
“Steve, come on.” He growls frustratedly, slightly dazed. That doesn’t help his mood. He gives another shove, and rolls Steve off of him.
They eat and talk. Tony shows him the holographic designs, explains the process of building something from scratch, lays out his ideas, and shows off just what he’s capable of. He’s never felt so out of control as he does now, watching 3D models drawn in blue reflecting in Steve’s big eyes full of insatiable wonder. Tony gets it all to himself, gets to impress Steve while simultaneously basking in the Captain’s enamored gaze. Even flying above everything in Iron Man, he could never feel as high as he does now. He’s on top of the world.
Tony shrugs and drops a straw into the can. “Lifetime warranty’s a thing. Besides, anything my dad made, I can fix.”
“But you expected Cap to protect me at all costs.”
“Entering drop zone,” the pilot announces, and Steve does a double-check of his gear. All set. He glances to Tony, but another agent is already making sure the inventor is ready.
He lands the suit on his feet, and though he can’t feel his legs, the impact traverses through the armor and shakes his body.
can’t afford to wait around.
“Sure thing cupcake,” Tony grins. “There’s a pool up on the deck, and if you need anything you can always ask JARVIS.”
Things were actually going well until... Until the elevator shaft. Until the open crate. Until he let his emotions get away from him. Tony squeezes his eyes shut, fighting against the wave of inadequacy dragging him down. All he wants to do is lie down and give up, but he can’t.
those weapons, designed them, and now some bad people have their hands on them, and it’s on my conscience. You know what it’s like to try and better yourself, and just when you think you’re finally covering some ground, shit like this happens? And then there are people like
Sometimes his own thoughts surprise him. He’s not sure where they’re coming from.
“My data shows the fight is swaying significantly in our favor,” JARVIS explains as Steve makes sure this area is clear, and all his nearby allies are safe. “Perhaps I may return you to the helicopter.”
So they walk, and Steve starts to wonder if he prefers this silence over constant chatter. The atmosphere is tense as a horror film (not that he’s seen many).
“Captain, there’s nothing you can do. We have it under control,” Fury calmly replies. This is only one of many countless times a person of authority has tried to convince him he can’t help. Unfortunately, it’s not in his nature to stand down. And besides, Tony’s still out there. It doesn’t matter if Steve’s can’t help; it’d still feel wrong to fall back while his men are still fighting.
“Fine, have it your way, sourpuss,” Tony agrees, “it’ll stay with the fish.”
Apparently not as much this time. Tony's not sure if he should be more worried or relieved when the nurse casually explains to Fury that because the serum was working so hard to heal his back and damaged nerves, they were able to sedate him enough that he didn’t feel much of the procedure.
JARVIS is already guiding the suit. “Shall I take you back to the helicopter, Captain?”
" Steve insists even more firmly. “We can’t risk it. If we do this right, they won’t see your face or ever find out you were involved. My face isn’t so recognizable , so if we get caught I’ll find some way to get you out of here. There’ll be no need for Iron Man.” Steve could last through whatever fate would befall him if he were caught, and Tony could get help. There would be no need to expose the well-known inventor, nor SHIELD, nor the Avengers’ involvement.
Tony looks between them. “I’m flattered you think so highly of my hacking abilities, even if it’s in comparison to yours, but can’t you just bomb the place?”
“This is water,” Fury’s eyebrow leaps. “Gotta keep hydrated in this heat.”
“I’m not holding your hand,” Stark protests, as if it’s been insisted he does.
Instinctively, Steve wants to blurt out that he’s
“You’d be the first to say ‘be prepared’-”
“Or what, you’ll arrest me? Kinky,” Tony throws down his screwdriver and stands up, arching his back. He’s not in the mood, and was getting in the groove of things. But he packs up anyway, and goes to the clear space in the middle of the room. The trackers are already imbedded in his skin, so all he has to do is raise his arms and gesture with his hands.
Nothing can beat human instincts, but Steve has to admit there’s something to be said for mechanical assistance. Regardless of the fact that Iron Man is the only thing enabling him to walk, it’s protecting his soft human skin against bullets. Those modified weapons will still do damage if they hit, but even then he’d probably be alright. The suit would take the beating, saving his soft tissues from having to endure that sort of trauma. Captain America can’t be stopped and will always get back up, not matter what befalls him, but it’s nice to have some protection this time.
No doubt about it. Tony just smiles. He’s not walking into a mission without it. Unlike Steve, he’s not bullet-proof. He doesn’t have any magic healing potion.
Everything in his life feels like it turns to disaster. “God, what have I done...” Tony wraps himself more tightly in his blanket and puts his head between his knees. No matter how hard he tries, he can’t pull himself out of this. He’s shaking again, replaying the events over and over in his head. Now they’re in this cave, and he just can’t take it. He wants to cry, and his throat is tightening. All the air in his chest is evacuating, leaving him with nothing but choking, breathless sobs. “Fuck.
“If I have to. I can see and hear better than you can. And you can’t sit there with the flashlight in your hand.”
Fury watches as the inventor takes the top off a bottle of whiskey and tosses a cup in his hand, catching it the right way and starting to pour. The second the bottle is back on the shelf and he’s about to take a sip, Steve’s huge frame is easily reaching across the counter and plucking the drink from his hand. “It is,” the soldier agrees, “but these are your weapons being built.”
