“Dean Winchester.” He hears his voice outside of himself, and it is as hollow and dangerous as a plague tunnel for bodies. “I know… that is you. Get out of the fucking water. Get out of the fucking water right now.”
“Fuck you,” Dean spits, but when he goes to stand again, he finds that he can’t. It’s like his body is glued down to the chair, as if the gravity in the room had multiplied by one hundred until his body was too heavy to lift. “What the fuck?”
There’s a pause, before Cas as the female announcer says, “It’s- slightly embarrassing.” The voice is all bashfulness. “I may have overextended myself when I was testing the strength of my grace and it became detrimental to my vessel. I forced myself out so that I wouldn’t cause too much damage but now I’m- well, I’m having trouble getting back inside.”
Holy shit. Holy - "Yeah?" Dean clutches at him, moving his head so fast he slams into the other. "Shit, ow, yeah it's me. Hey," he cups Cas by the face and helps him lift his heavy head. Fingers spreading around and bracing Cas's head at the base of his skull, Dean holds his angel upright.
He has said, more than once, that there is no singing in Supernatural (ha!); but truthfully, it's been years since then. Years before (and since as well) in which he's sung along to REO Speedwagon and Air Supply, to Bob Seger and Bon Jovi; and even to that one damn song by Taylor Swift. (It's catchy, alright?)
Still thinks it is, that the Empty is letting him have "... respite, Dean," the angel looks around them warily, hands having fallen to brace himself upright and stiff, still as Dean sits so close beside him. He must provide personal space. "It would be an excellent opportunity for the Empty to - utterly destroy me... once I've relaxed, once I feel - settled, with you."
Dean stays on his hands and knees he doesn't know how long. Til his old-man muscles get stiff, for sure.
"You wouldn't get hypothermia from a rainstorm in Kansas, Dean," Cas tells him. "Probably just a cold -" Dean's hand has come up to grip his collar and tie, twisting both around his fingers. "But I -"
And then those eyes focus closely, prior to the innocent tilt of the head that hits Dean with just as much agony as he has already felt striking in waves ever since Cas was taken. His whole body clenches, screaming in silent pain. So much like Cas, really Jack is his son.
But Cas moves and there's a sensation of hands clutching Dean's face and neck, before that of thin lips smashing to Dean's with an enthusiastic sound. Dean's brow line wobbles and rises at the touch, indentation of torn and chapped skin slotting amazingly against smooth plumpness. And then Cas caresses his face, tips of his fingers ghosting over cheeks and forehead. His fingers slide through Dean's hair at the back of his neck and hold on. And he tilts his head, shifting desperately into Dean as he continues the kiss.
"Oh!" The nothing would clap hands, probably, if it had them. "But see, this is what I DON'T appreciate. How do you have the power to wake me up? To go back on bargains? Hmmm? He was willing to come with me!" The nothingness hisses. "More than willing, there's nothing for him here; and I have him in deep slumber, oh yes, and all he can remember...," A croon almost, though disinterested somehow, still. "Is everything he's done wrong. Every time he's failed." A malicious sort of humming noise precedes "...and so many of them are memories...every instant he feels that he failed
Cas is shifting a little, cocking his head. His gaze bores into Dean, feeling a sensation almost akin to itching, but more intense at the nape of his neck and down into his shoulders, through his wings. He turns his body towards the Winchester, bothered so intensely by Dean's desperate sadness whilst he'd been singing. To the seraph, he sounded...helpless. Hopeless. That is the last way Castiel wants Dean Winchester to feel
They're standing facing each other, no personal space to speak of, in the walking area of Dean's Dean-cave. Dean's brought Cas to the closest place he can, as near as he can get him without asking, without begging - he tracks across Cas's face, from eyes to cheeks to lips. And "Cas -" he starts, not knowing how he intends to finish, but moves and Cas moves
"Oh -" Cas responds in a strangled gasp of feeling, fingers flexing, tightening as he feels Dean beginning to shift against him, to move firm in a rhythm. At first he wonders if this is some incredibly intimate dance, but then Dean presses and draws himself downward, still flush to Cas, muscles working, hand slipping from the angel's hair to clutch the back of his neck. Dean is groaning and moving, gasping, skin feeling tacky with sweat as he moves and moves again, stuttering.
When they both pull back at last, it is only to lean into one another and breathe, foreheads nearly brushing as their noses do. Dean's hand shifts to run up and down Cas's side as he licks his lips and huffs a little.
"Cas," face in the crook of his arm, leaning against the guitar as he furiously tries to wipe trace of tears away "h-hey man," voice still rough, throat closing up as damnit now he's here and how much of that had he heard -?
After all this, everything they have been through, Cas being taken subsequent to telling Dean the thing that would make him happy, that DID make him happy, only for Dean not only to never say a damn thing in response, but he hasn't brought it up again since. Cas deserves so much better than that. Better than him.
Dean expels a ragged gasp as this other being, now - at once human as well as angel, this girl who's been telling him that he isn't alone, that he has people to talk to - she obscures the vestige from his visage, remnant of the first thing in Hell that ensured he was not alone; that came to him and drew him like a poison out of the fields of fire and chambers of torture. The thing that brought him back to life, and the world, and his brother...
Lips press together with inhaling through noses and fingers clutching hair, arms around back, clutching close - and then Cas is shifting, Dean pulls off his suit coat and trench, dropping his own jacket over the closest recliner. He breaks his lips away from Cas's only to work open his top shirt buttons.
Letting go and shoving back, the arm of his sleeve soaked in Jack's blood, Dean looks at it, at Sammy. He knows his brother needs someone too, as much as Dean, but a roaring starts in his ears as Jack says something else.
"Hah," Dean croaks out a bitter burble of laughter. Healthy. Right. "...when 've I ever been the healthy type, Cas?" He asks. Feels sharpness like a blade drawn across his skin. He's not saying anything about what Dean was singing, which would be -good, except that Dean is aching and wants the angel to sit down with him, but more than that he wants to nestle into Cas, to hold him, to press skin to skin, clutch his back with hands and whisper that he means all the things he just sang about. But, the slight laugh growing to a bigger sound, he can't do that. He isn't healthy.
He's got the energy from Jack's blood. Can open a door to the Empty with it. He's just got to...say a prayer. To mean every word, which no matter how he spun it, he always does. Always has. Jokes and jibes and conversational aspects aside, he has always meant every damn word.
He holds on tight and Cas blinks, hand automatically extending to catch ahold of Dean too. His eyes are beginning to look a little more clear, unless that's Dean's wishful thinking, but damnit, they deserve a win.
"Dean -" Cas locks his lips back onto Dean's, swallowing, stifling another groan. Dean whimpers and works the knot of Cas's tie loose with jerky fingers as a thunderclap booms with enough power to shake the windows in the Bunker (if there were any). He trembles as his blood rushes and flings the tie before sliding his hand down Cas's side to tug at his shirt and then hold him.
The angel flinches as if he has been struck. It takes a second, more than that until "Dean," he gasps, very nearly whimpers before folding in upon himself. Takes a breath, shuddering. Shutting his eyes as though resigned. "I - understand."
Here in everything  - those words rip through Dean like every torture he'd had in Hell. Like every death he remembers. Like a blade through the heart of him. "Yeah, well. Could use you right now if you give a crap," and he hates his voice getting wobbly, weak. But he feels weak without him. His lips tremble as his eyes burn and he closes them, feeling a headache coming on as strong as the one he'd had on the floor the night Cas left.
Yet he had mentioned it. Always. He said that he came when Dean called, he said that he loved him, that he loved all of them. But he made sure that Dean knew what loving him in particular had done.
Even despite the fact that Cas had been human, still it hadn't been known, apparent, believable to Dean that he would, could feel the way he's feeling. About Dean as much as anyone. General, he had assumed the love of humanity to be. Even though Cas from the beginning always differentiated his relationships to Sam and Dean. To Dean and everyone.
"Dean, you are the one who needs assurance..." Cas mutters with an air of slight amusement, settling his gaze upon him once more. That's why I came in, he doesn't say.
Everyone but Cas, who, even when he isn't in the immediate vicinity so as to give Dean ample amounts of personal space (which certainly he requires after... everything) still listens.
"Hey, man," Dean tries, his voice coming as a croak. It's okay, buddy, he wants to say, but can't, only swaying slightly into the other's space and feeling his chest tighten on another stabbing feeling. But this time it's not awful, though still a little painful. What the fuck? Dean doesn't know. But "it's okay," he does manage, eventually, his thumb still swiping and stroking gentle circles onto Cas's skin.
Dean swallows and nods, eyes going from Cas's to trace down his body even as he shuffles at the other's touch, muscles tightening. "Yeah. First time ya saved me, Cas." His voice is soft on the words as his jaw and throat work. Feels a warmth as his hair starts to ruffle, and the shiver tracing up his spine from cold rain eases into one of warm pleasure. Can't stop his eyes from fluttering closed as he lets out a groan of appreciation. Face heating, he barks out a little huffing laugh. "...you just keep on savin' me," as he feels the moisture wick out of his shirt and hair, Dean waggles his eyebrows and grins. "- from hypothermia this time, huh?"
His voice is as infinitesimal as the shake of his head when he utters "I don't - hell, Cas." And then because fuck it "No. I don't know," pressing the heels of both hands against his eyes as he closes them again, Dean groans. What a night this is.
Sky is getting dark in earnest, now. it's a rich deep blue dark as Cas' tie, darker than his eyes. Why Dean is so focused on Cas's eyes he wants to say he's got no clue, except he does have one. He wants to look up and see them, see Cas walking into this ragged little clearing alert or bewildered, maybe; either or works friggin fine, as long as he's here.
Forty-one and change is longer than he expected to live, if he's being completely honest. It's one more year than he was in Hell, which doesn't help with any realizations he has.
getting free? All he can think is, the way one siphons gas out of a car's tank - and if it's stuck, sometimes breaking the seal of air -
"You're still savin' my ass," Dean drags Cas close enough there is less than an inch between their faces. The tip of his nose brushes against the slope of Cas's as Dean moves, and Cas expells slight sound even as his eyes blink closed.
Dean throbs, aches at those words, their sincerity. Cas is always so damn serious and sincere. It's definitely ridiculous after everything happening to him, everything he has been through, but that utter sincerity always takes Dean's breath away.
With a jerk Dean convulsively clutches cloth to chest and slams the trunk shut, turning as the creak of the passenger door precedes the concerned voice of his brother calling "Dean -"
"Yes, Dean," he breathes, and his lips press to the slope of Dean's neck, trailing down to his shoulder, closing on the tendon visible and pulling slightly.
In honor of Jensen Ackles apparently screaming Cas's name so loud as to be heard way out from where he was shooting a scene that didn't make the finale
"Damn right I dare!" Dean yells over what could be a whirlwind. He isn't sure what he is able to hear, other than his heart. Cool liquid drips down his face and neck from his ears, maybe - but the Shadow cannot take him. "You won't get a deal with me, an' Cas followed yours! You took him when he was happy -" Dean chokes as he hears again those words in his mind, thinks on the fact Cas was selfless enough to feel pure happiness just by saying how he felt "And he let you. Well guess what, I'm gonna use this spell, I'm gonna keep right on prayin' to him so you'll never get your rest. Sure angels may be yours," Dean's words wobble as the Empty growls, and he hauls Cas into his arms. "But not this one. He's -"
But tell, he can't tell. Who is he kidding? He's got to show him, there's no other way... Shifting his body, growing and shaking and throbbing as he now is, Dean spreads his legs to straddle Cas around the thighs and hips, opening and then curling both hands around the sides of his head. He holds tight and breathes before lowering his head to Cas's and kissing him in the deepest, warmest, softest way he can. Pressing his entire body into the other's and giving, giving all of himself.
Got to drive it crazy, at least. Cas had said when he came back before that he annoyed a cosmic entity enough to be sent back, and damn, Dean had wanted to tell him how glad he was. How it wasn't just that Cas was home, but he was DEAN'S home. That was damn cheesy, or would have been, but he doesn't care. Wishes he had said it. That he had gotten the balls to tell Cas anything about ... anything.
Voice breaking on a sob, speaking now as much as he's still trying to pray, and knowing if this doesn't work that he's breaking Cas' heart for nothing.
The short answer is, he isn't. But the why...he doesn't feel like he's able to explain, even if he can. It's all tied up knotted in his stomach and chest and if he says anything else he's pretty sure he'll start really crying, full-on, which is nothing that anybody should have to see.
Besides "It's too little, too damn late, I know that." Dean sniffles, not caring if it's a chick flick moment. Figures they're up for endless array of chick flicks. Or should be. "...but, uh, doesn't matter. I don't care. I'm with you, pal. I'm right here." With all feeling, all desperation, scrabbling to catch hold of Cas (please don't let this be an illusion; let me be literally taunted by this thing showing me Cas's body), Dean says the truest words he's ever uttered, offering a silent apology to anyone else who might want him to come head or be somewhere, because words and lips shaking, teeth a-chatter, everything of him freezing from nothing yet burning with love, he promises, voice snapping harshly, strong
"Yes," Cas speaks as if this is obvious and the only reason he came. "You longed for me to come here, and so I did." His sky-blue gaze lifts for a moment, letting Dean breathe as he looks around the interior of the Impala, then dragging down to take in Dean's unclothed torso and otherwise supine state in the backseat, raising an eyebrow as he pins his eyes to Dean's again. "So tell me, what do you want now that I am present?"
So much like the bubbling up of leviathan within is this Empty goo; the way they'd crushed out the angel's essence nearly immediately; that had been the first time Dean hadn't honestly expected Cas to come back. However much he hoped, how he'd folded up that coat as if it was a flag and the seraph a soldier fallen in battle.
Dean nearly laughs at the petulance in Cas's voice. He wants to lean over, suddenly, and ruffle the angel's hair, or press lips to his cheek, but holy crap, no. He can't do that. He simply feels warm in the way Cas so earnestly informs him about not being alone. The knot in his chest ever-so-slightly loosening, Dean does reach out. "Fair enough, buddy," he says with a bracing pat to Cas's leg and the arm resting on top of it. His fingers only slightly shake, and he's proud that his voice doesn't shake at all. "- but I'm not alone," he adds, tongue darting to wet his lips as he ponders saying the next words... But, again, screw it. May as well. And with the roughness smoothed slightly away, Dean nudges Cas's shoulder companionably. Aching to prolong the touch, but unable to. "I got you, don't I?"
And Cas, an aching he has not felt often enough before this to know what to do with, as strong as a quake through the bowels of the earth threatening to buckle his legs, yanks Dean to him flush, and feels against his lower belly pulsing strength -
"Oh, yeah. I'm good, Cas, just brought in the groceries." Dean's gaze softens, intensity dropping as he indicates where he'd just come from, glancing down at himself before licking his lips and continuing "... I'm talkin' last big storm like this we dealt with. Well, first one, I guess," Dean offers, clearing his throat and stepping into the room with a shrug and a twitching of lips. "Maybe if I had a knife in my hand it'd help jog your memory."
"Ah," with a fluid standing movement and crinkling eyes, Castiel's chin dips in a nod. "I understand. Our first meeting outside of Hell." He steps nearer, reaching out with fingers extended to catch the sides of Dean's waist.
Dean doesn't think anything of it until he stops goofing one day and starts singing, softly at first, but then with more power and ache, and he's thrown off by the sound that comes out. All those nights singing "hey Jude" to Sam, the times in Baby with cassettes and the radio, and even that one song session with Lee really paid off, he thinks with a wry twist to his mouth.
Seems like that's always the way it ends up after the conclusion of a case. Got to get goin' far enough fast enough so they won't be in town with people thanking 'em profusely, or trying to, and so the cops don't jump to conclusions that include making a house call at the motel they were staying at. Dean had called Sam, said they'd be heading home maybe tomorrow, but more likely the day after that as he glances sideways at Cas slumped in the shotgun seat, unshaven cheek propped up, gaze distantly staring out the window. He, hell, they both could use some rest.
"Uh, what?" Dean blinks. He is starting to sweat and squirm from a wholly separate feeling now. The way Cas just STARES at him "What makes ya think I want anything?"
It's always been up to the music instead. To Survivor, or Zepp, or in this case, this moment, it's Jackson Browne pouring out from the darkness in Dean's heart, twisted, frozen knotted up in his chest and warring always with the sheer searing brightness of his soul --- Cas's words, not his; Dean doesn't understand a damn thing about his soul, doesn't know how the hell it would or could even BE so bright --- but the other, the angel, his angel shakes his head and rolls his eyes before kissing Dean gently on the nose. Or, in this case, this moment he reaches over and links their hands together.
"Why not, buddy?" Dean asks, hoarsely. "I mean, I kinda wish siphoning that Empty crap outta ya wasn't real, but hey. Beggars can't be choosers." He honestly feels as if his smile is splitting his face in two. Lo and behold. However pathetic this is, keeping his fingers fanned around Cas's face, Dean pulls and shifts their heads to rest his forehead to Cas's.
Jack shudders slightly as "- thanks," Dean works the word out of his throat, looking up at Jack. Clutching his hand for the briefest instant, squeezing hard. In his eyes are more words he knows he needs to say somehow. Later. Boiling back to his feet, letting Jack go, Dean's jaw sets.
And Cas - Cas wants so badly to put a hand on his friend's shoulder but can't bring himself to cross whatever line there is, or could be.
Awkwardly, Cas is now nodding. Jerky, slow, but he's sitting up, he's here with eyes open, breathing. And he responds in that serious earnest way of his
is a bigger knife, to Dean's heart this time. Because yeah, they are, but... He laughs, or wants to, almost; without mirth, at the painful irony of it all. Lifting both hands, now; dropping Cas's at last to push fingers through the hair on the sides of his head, Dean curls inward as he tucks his chin against his chest.
He puts gas pedal flat to the floor, half-listening as Sammy talks to Eileen, or rather texts her, as that's the indication of what he's doing with his phone going off every few seconds it seems. Dean's sending, taking them back to the Bunker as fast as he can go, and he's wondering, thinking about last time Cas came back -
Dean thinks of Castiel touching his shoulder to bring him back from Lawrence in the 70s. The way he'd stood leaning against the counter in Bobby's kitchen, in the dark, draped half in light and half in shadow. The tilt of his head and his narrowing eyes. The steadfast, open manner he'd looked upon Dean in that barn.
"...hey pal, d'you remember?" Dean asks, standing in the doorway, hair and shoulders drenched as Castiel turns around on his toe and knee from where he'd been kneeling to check the status of the movie player (because according to Dean it had been fritzing). Could use his mojo to fix the electrical components, his beloved had joked.
He sings what he feels, because what the hell? Uses other peoples' words at first - acoustic versions of classic tunes, turning his affection for rock n roll into affection sung about his family. But he doesn't come out and sing in front of anybody; he's always alone strumming in his room or on the couch or in the Dean cave when everyone else is asleep.
And in an instant Castiel's own words, the ones with which he had planned to respond in preparation for rejection, are stolen; a tiny piece of him faintly shines hopeful as if resembling the first signs of glimmering gemstone found in an exhausting 400-hour excavation.
"So you're settling down, huh?" Dean raises an eyebrow. He's gotten right into teasing, carefully not acknowledging the first part of what Cas said, because if he thinks about what the Empty forced the angel to deal with, it'll break his heart. Again. Yet Dean cannot stop the impulse to banter now he's come to terms with Cas being HERE. His lips quirk into another smile. He just wants Cas to get comfortable. To know this is real. That Dean is real, and that he knows, and accepts, what Cas is feeling. "Is that a proposition, man?"
He looks exhausted, more than half-asleep. "This isn't...real," seems in a haze, swaying heavily. Dean keeps holding on to him as, almost frantically "you can't be."
But Cas was human, has been human, and he feels, which means he's probably hurting like hell right now even as he's here trying to help Dean.
Castiel withdraws enough to murmur "Dean" against the other's mouth before Dean grabs a hold of him and presses their lips together again.
Castiel's eyes reopen, having blinked closed during the kiss, and a sluicing shiver of tree leaves in a rising wind precedes the thump and clack of detritus, rocks or branches or whatnot having flown as his Grace crackled and power expanded at the touch of Dean's lips. He chases the sensation, growling "Do not apologize, Dean." And then subsequent to the slightest pause, "I wish to do that again."
Blinking ensues subsequent, and a twitching of the seraph's shoulders precedes the tiniest sputtered "... Dean?" He touches Dean's arm as if involuntarily, and the spark of feeling is automatic even as final drips and spats of black fall.
It's been a while since he's written in his father's journal. Added to it. He and Sam both have over the years. Dean's thought about making his own notebook, but hasn't gotten around to it. He flips frantically through, hoping that he remembers right, that he'd written down the spell used by Nick to bring Lucifer back (but Nick was crazy, so maybe you had to be crazy for it to work). Dean doesn't count himself out of bein' crazy, though. He grips his coat in his right hand at the place Cas last touched, and clutches the sleeve saturated with Jack's blood in his left.
"No, Cas," the hunter almost laughs as he tugs the other close, crossing his arms over the back of Cas's waist. "I was just thinking, it's about damn time."
"Well hello," nasally and at a pitch that worms its way into Dean's ears like that disgusting sludge. "Another wise guy... What is it, with you two, hmm? Just don't believe, can't leave well enough alone..." Dean gets the sensation of heavy-lidded eyes staring furiously at him. "What IS it?!"
"... Sammy's the health nut, y'know," mouth dry as he blinks, Dean looks up at Cas and his voice breaks again, that's perfect - as he whispers "an' I know you don't sleep, but bein' up wanderin' around...," He doesn't say anything immediately, lips quirking into a slight smile "this late ain't exactly healthy either." We're quite a pair, he hastens to think, and then stamps on the thought. But he can't do without Cas, he never could. And now he's here, and so shifting himself and lifting the guitar away from his bent knees to place atop its case, Dean slaps at the floor beside him. "But y' can pop a squat if you wanna," he says nonchalantly as if the casual nature of the words aren't eating him up inside. Great.  Absolutely friggin fantastic.
Gross but effective, he hopes; and without thinking too hard about the possible state of the angel's esophagus, Dean takes his cheeks, tilts his head and tucks Cas's chin for him. Kneeling, he fastens his lips around the angel's, impromptu liplock, and sharply inhales.
Castiel's browline begins to wobble, yet he nods. Inclines his head, more accurately, settling down once more on top of Dean as well as he can whilst semi-kneeling. Carefully, he moves one hand to rest upon Dean's shoulder, bracing himself as well as providing assurance, or what he hopes manifests as that. Or reassurance, he supposes, as Dean's body - along with his heart rate - jumps. Yet the tenseness Cas saw initially in Dean's facial features and the lines of his shoulders appears to relax, or at the very least to ease.
Cas said that and he came right back, which is pretty much the case for their whole friendship, relationship, whatever - it's been Cas believing in him from the beginning, helping and building Dean up, while Dean just couldn't stop saying the worst things and so why and how in the hell the angel could honestly, legitimately
As the angel has, from the moment he first laid eyes upon and bore witness to the light of his soul, believed in Dean.
As Dean rests his forehead to his angel's, eyes fluttering as Cas's hold his gaze, the angel shifts his hands, one wrapping around Dean's back to run up and down in a repetitive rhythm and the other stretching to catch the back of his neck with Cas's fingertips, thumb circling the pulse-point on the side of Dean's throat, "...I know, Dean," his eyes are so warm with adulation, as full --- brimming over --- as are Dean's own. His fingers somehow feel cool to the touch against Dean's flushing sweaty skin. "Without you having to say it." With that aching sincerity etched across his face, pressing together thin lips, "I love you," Castiel says.
And Jack nods, smiles that way he does, so excited and happy and carefree. With that one expression on his face he looks, really looks like what he is - a kid.
Dean seems frozen for a little before he clears his throat and lowers his hand, lifting eyes to Cas and gruffing out "Heh, I mean." The look in those eyes pierces him and his own shooting down as he lifts his hand, opening his fingers "No, not really," Dean admits. "...but I'll live."
"Dean," Cas inclines his head, eyes crinkling with a flash of something indistinct and voice pushing high for emphasis on "You always have me." Then his eyes wander away as he punctuates awkwardly, "Even when you don't ask." He's had - well, made - a habit of just appearing, hasn't he? He feels a small, fond tug at the corner of his mouth in recalling rich green eyes snapping open and the subsequent frantic scrambling to appear presentable— it never fooled the angel though. And, after a moment, with a tilt of his head in Dean's direction while not quite turning to look back, he tries, "I like to think I... provide, that I've provided some solace. It's the least I can do for all you've done for me..." Though not quite enough. Never enough.
Dean ducks into the car and is turning her keys, hand shaking as he spits out "let's go, Sammy, c'mon," and Sam's waving to Jack as the nephilm god lofts his hand and yeah, yeah they should maybe stay, or convince the kid to - and any other time, he would; he knows Cas would want to see him. To know that he is safe.
Working the steering wheel as his jaw clenches, Dean is spinning tires and going hand over hand to skid to a stop outside the Bunker. Doesn't even bother pulling in, and throws the door open, ripping his bag out of the back and yanking open the trunk. Ever and always he'd kept something of Cas - as he'd hung onto the trench, those long months -
A whine from Cas snaps him out of it, and he squeezes some lube onto his fingers, rubbing them together to warm it up at least a little. He does act on instinct, then, and sucks at the base of Cas’s cock (making him cry out and buck his hips again), while he slides his lubed fingers down to tease at Cas’s hole, get him used to the situation.
Cas pauses in unpacking the panties to look up at Dean, letting a particularly lacy purple one drop from his fingers to the bedspread. “What?”
He moans when he feels Cas’s other hand sliding up his thigh, then practically wails when Cas suddenly smacks his thigh, sending sparks shooting up his spine.
Even when they introduced bondage into the bedroom, it wasn’t enough. Usually it was Cas’s tie, and no matter how tight Dean tied him, if he took too long, Cas would either angel-powers his way out of them, or tug his hands out of them, or just ruin the headboard getting out of them. Dean wouldn’t even be able to tie him up again, because once Cas got his hands on Dean’s cock, it was all over for him.
“Amazing things, these powers. The stuff I can do, that I never could before,” Dean contemplates while he slides another finger in, stretching Cas’s hole wide and prompting a choked moan from the angel. “It’s one of the reasons I can’t go back to being human. I mean, I’ve seen the stuff you pulled during our time together- I mean the times we had sex. Yeah. And so I figure, I can probably do the same to you, right?”
And whatever Cas was going to say is caught on a surprised moan, eyes rolling back as Dean slides in, slides all the way home with the help of a lot of lube. Dean lets out a groan himself- the tightness, the heat, the way Cas almost
So Dean reaches around with the hand that was in Cas’s hair, wrapping it around his cock instead and using the hefty amount of precome leaking out to slick the way, jerking him off almost in time with his thrusts. He’s not that coordinated, not with the way Cas squeezes around him, takes his cock like he was born for it. And he gets even tighter as he gets closer, hitching noises now including somewhat garbled versions of Dean’s name, and Dean is hunched over the angel’s body, admiring the mark he left on his neck earlier and, after a second’s thought, leaning in to make another one, closer to the top of his spine.
“Cupids,” is all Cas offers in a hoarse voice, saying everything in that word. Yes, he figured it out too. Yes, he also realizes what this means for the two of them.
Dean’s legs land on either side of Cas’s hips, and he pins Cas’s wrists to the floor next to his head. Cas tries to struggle, but he can feel blood leaking out of his nose now, and he might have a split lip, and all the aches he feels are making him dizzy. His hands are pinned, and he can’t do much even if he kicks his legs around, unable to reach Dean.
Dean shifts his hips, then looks down and laughs. “You’re bringing a new meaning to making this harder, huh?”
because he had Dean’s cock down his throat and Dean can’t be assed to respond. Instead, he tucks his cock back into his pants while Cas looks down at his own shorts, surely sticky and gross at this point, because he turns to Dean to complain or something when there’s a
“I’ve been around for thousands of years and we’ve waited long enough to get together, I think I have the right to be impatient,” Cas gets out through gritted teeth.
“No, no, I don’t think I will. I think you like it when I talk, hm?” Dean lets go of Cas’s wrists long enough to yank his hips up, putting him in an incredibly compromising face-down ass-up position, and then Dean is reaching around to squeeze Cas’s hard cock with a chuckle. “Evidently you like something I’m doing.”
“I said, I’m abstinent now. For God,” Dean jokes a little, adjusting the way he’s leaning against the cabinet in his room. It was digging into his back.
Dean, for his part, is speechless. He can see Cas’s wrists twisting in the tie, over the tan expanse of his back, muscles shifting with every move he makes. And he can
“You just like it so much, I can’t help myself,” Cas mumbles, mostly to himself, as he watches the way Dean’s back arches as he gets too close too quickly.
“Nah, s’okay. Even if you could sleep, I bet you couldn’t either,” Dean shrugs the best he can while lying down.
“Stop. I’m not going to let you sacrifice your body for heaven’s plans.” And with that, before Dean can say another word, Cas is. Cas is pressing his lips to Dean’s.
Dean chuckles into the skin of Cas’s neck, and the vibrations make Cas whine, tilt his head so his face is pressed into his arm and darkness covers his eyes. Dean pulls back to hold Cas’s jaw with a hand, tilt his head back so he has to look up at the hunter.
And so he doesn’t, raises his hand to smack his ass again, and when the hit lands Cas is wailing Dean’s name, hips jerking hard as he comes on Dean’s thigh, cock slip-sliding as his come hits Dean’s skin. Dean works him through it the best he can, rubbing his hand over the inflamed skin, ignoring the jolts that go directly to his underwear-clothed cock at Cas’s moans.
“Dean. I am still myself. I know what I want, and it’s still you,” Cas interrupts, his tone sincere, no dreamy-quality this time.
Cas tries to bat his hands away, half-formed arguments about the fact that he’s supposed to be cleaning the bathroom spilling out of his mouth but not quite making it, as Dean’s discovered that whenever he pushes against Cas’s cock, it short-circuits the angel’s brain and negates whatever he was about to say. Then his shirt is open, heaving chest revealed, and Cas is almost sure that now that he’s human, he can feel things even more, sensitivity heightened as one of Dean’s plays with a hard nipple.
Cas sits up on his lap then, looking down on Dean. They hadn’t even gotten that far, Dean still mostly clothed in his jeans and a t-shirt, while Cas was down to his slacks and his button-up, partially unbuttoned. It’s just that he couldn’t get it out of his head, not since he heard Dean say it, and the thought had him hotter than he’d like to admit.
As it is, they tuck their cocks away, do their best to make themselves presentable to the public again. When they’re as good as it’s gonna get, Cas pauses, catches Dean’s face with his hand. “You’re ours. Mine. Not Michael’s. You get me?”
Then he’s over-sensitive, and he’s batting Cas’s hand away from his cock, reaching to tug the angel up for manly cuddles instead.
It leaves Dean alone with his rapidly decreasing panic and rapidly increasing awareness of the fact that Cas’s grace is still under his skin. Still warm beneath the flat area of the palm he has spread open over his abdomen. And weirdly- or maybe not weirdly at all- Dean doesn’t want Cas to leave.
was wonderful? Jesus, Cas. Laid me out like a fucking carp on Fish-For-Free Day. I think I blacked out both times I blew my load.”
Dean pulls out a skillet from one of the bottom cabinets and places it on the stovetop before turning one of the gas knobs to start heating it. He plugs in a toaster off to the side.
It has been a very long time since Castiel has seen Dean so startled. He visibly recoils while his eyebrows shoot up to his hairline, the spatula he now holds in his hand jerking back.
“Hey there, handsome,” Dean practically purrs. “I think I owe you something, don’t you?” His left hand pets across Castiel’s stomach while his right draws painstakingly upwards towards Castiel’s chest. Castiel can only nod, his voice lost in his throat.
How did Dean get so lucky? How did he end up here, right here, in Cas’s bedroom in Cas’s lap where there is no reason to be anything other than himself? Where Cas is here like the world’s greatest company, because he is, because everything about Cas is something worth enjoying.
Mr. Davis keeps smiling. “Of course, of course! Never a dull moment for you Swans, I’m sure! And if you change your mind, you know where to find me!”
If Cas is surprised by his request it doesn’t show on his face. His hands come up to cradle Dean’s cheeks and he kisses him gently, like a thank you. “Of course,” Cas whispers as he pulls back.
The thing is, Dean sorta gets it. And there’s something about being chosen by Charlie, too, that just makes you feel real good about yourself.
in percussion. It deafens him to the world, and he just keeps walking, keeps walking, ignoring every set of eyes trailing him as he goes.
Charlie squeezes his hand and grins. “Well, now that you are, promise me you won’t use your powers for evil?”
Dean goes back to humming the ebbing melody, and Castiel can practically hear his grin through it. Eventually, it trails off into nothing but their breathing, their rocking going still.
“I’m sure you already kinda have a clue, but basically, it’s- it’s a swan mating thing, okay? It’s your swan genetics reacting to seeing what they assume is your mate, and trying to enforce your bond the way that real swans do.”
Suddenly, it’s like Dean can’t get any of the words out. He doesn’t know what to say to Cas’s earnest concern, or how to explain the distant headspace he’s in. His mouth opens around empty air and then closes again.
“It’s not that you can’t be loved, Dean. It’s that you’re starving for it.” Cas says it so gently, something wounded in every word. Not pity, but empathy so deep that it cuts to the bone, as if Dean’s emotions were his own.
But apparently, now, he has one. And it is with Dean who has green eyes and Sam who has a soft smile.
“I wonder why…” Castiel says slowly, “you aren’t satisfied. Is it that you enjoy being helpless even more than I thought?”
“Dean,” Cas’s voice is so deep and soothing. Dean wonders what it would sound like reading one of those books Dean had always meant to get around to (but would never admit to) except the world was literally ending. “Are you alright?”
Faster now but no less fluid, grinding together as Cas’s dick presses into him, shredding Dean up with pinpoint accuracy. It’s like he doesn’t even know what to do with all the heat and all the love that together are enough to sear skin. Dean’s head lulls forward until his forehead rests gently against Cas’s, their noses pressed side by side and bumping with every thrust.
From the corner of his eye, down on Earth’s surface, he sees a glow flicker on like a lightbulb in the distance. Bingo.
They don’t stop again, even as Dean continues to cry. The outpouring is almost at odds with his soul, which has been gradually returning to bronze, then redder, redder. Castiel’s pace grows until there is a noise with every thrust, and his mouth opens and drags wetly against Dean’s cheek.
Dean rubs a hand over the bottom of his face, down the corners of his mouth. “Yeah, uh, yeah.” He turns back around to the stove to watch the burgers in lieu of escaping.
“Gabriel is rather ornery,” Castiel agrees, turning inwards towards both Eileen and Dean so that Eileen can read his lips. “Sometimes I think that he’s bitter about his own Eldest Child Syndrome, and he’s trying to make up for it by being as immature as possible. Though, I believe it’s that immaturity that led to his love of sweets, which led to him opening his bakery, which led to me getting free pastries. So I can hardly complain.”
Castiel moves to stand off of the side of Dean’s bed as he watches the man get comfortable. When he seems thoroughly tucked in, Dean moves to lay on his side so that his back is to Castiel. Dean peers over his shoulder as he holds up the edge of the comforter like an invitation. “Get in here. I call little spoon.”
Castiel would almost laugh if he didn’t find himself so endeared by the story. By Dean. Who is funny and strange and ornery and kind. And who is right here, naked, available for kissing.
Dean automatically glances up to where the real Charlie and Cas are still sitting together, though their eyes have opened since the last time Dean looked at them, and it seems like they’re talking quietly to each other. “Yeah, that’s Charlie.”
Castiel shakes his head. “Take your time. I don’t mind eating here. We haven’t been very busy, anyway.”
“Figure of speech, Cas,” Dean pretends to sound annoyed even though he’s smiling. He walks the few feet over to Jimmy’s slumped body, head lulling down to his chest, and Dean crouches beside it. For a long second, with Cas’s floating orb at his back, Dean stares.
“Kissing is another way to show love,” Cas breaks the tension, and his voice sounds unsure for the first time. “Mothers kiss their babies, a person kisses their lover, the French kiss to say hello. Sometimes, saying hello is a form of love.”
“Dean! Dean!” It sounds like a girl, someone young, and it’s the only reason that Dean’s hackles don’t immediately raise again under the tension he’s holding in his body. Still, he considers just ignoring whoever it is until they call his name again more forcefully. When he stops, Charlie stops with him. Together they turn towards the sound of rapidly approaching footsteps.
He freezes under Dean’s eyes. Somehow, every time Castiel sees him again it feels heavier. It’s not like this with Sam. Sam is easy, flexing and gold like wheatfields in Montana. Dean is a stranger that is charading as a fleece-lined winter jacket.
“The things I’ve done-” Cas’s orb shudders, “they are horrific. I have- This universe is not better off after what I have put it through.”
And that’s what this is now. This life he has. A new Dean on the other side that has to deal with all of the baggage the old Dean wracked up. He wonders if he’ll ever meet the new him, or if maybe he already has and he hasn’t realized it. The thought makes him choke on a watery laugh, because of course he’s already met the new him.
,” conjuring up the forgotten story. Cas’s breath puffs against Dean’s face when Cas leans in so close that the tips of their noses bump together, just for a second. “Goodnight, Dean,” Cas whispers into the inch of space between them.
Dean grins down at Cas’s pillow as a piano picks up, Taylor not far behind. It doesn’t sound like it’s gonna be detrimental to his tear ducts just yet, more like something to slow dance to at a saloon. He can imagine cowboy boots on a wood floor cleared for couples to hold each other close.
Dean’s brain crashes for about two whole seconds before it stutters back on again. “Right,” he says distantly. He looks down at his own dick. “Right.” Holding the bottle a few inches above his erection, he lets the lube drizzle down his arm skin. And it’s so cold, and he’s so sensitive, that his breath hitches. When it’s done, he recaps the bottle and throws it to the side again. “Lube: Done.”
“They are-” Cas sighs, “Sam suggested them to me. They’re videos that are supposed to help with anxiety.”
“Gee, I don’t know, why the hell you felt like you had to lie to me in the first place? Cas, man, you were asking for hugs and telling us how much we meant to you like you were dying. And you pretended like it was ‘cause you didn’t remember us even though you did.
From somewhere twenty yards to Dean’s right, there’s ruffling in the otherwise still orchard. The sounds get a little bit louder, too rhythmic to be anything but human footsteps. His whole body goes cold.
Sam peeks over his shoulder slowly, like Miracle does when he’s about to get reprimanded, and Dean doesn’t get why until he sees Sam’s eyes halfway swollen shut. They look as bad as Dean’s feel. And when Sam catches sight of Dean’s, where the skin around them is puffy and red, he whips around fully.
Castiel doesn’t mind the quiet, doesn’t mind watching the townspeople trail out for the evening. It’s peaceful here, in this in-between moment that drags out until it stops, until Castiel is forced to turn the stall lights on. He watches the sun go down as he leans against the front countertop and he settles with it.
Castiel isn’t sure who the man is talking to, but after a beat, another voice floats in from the other room. The kitchen, if Castiel remembers the set up of the house correctly. If anything he remembers is correct.
“Sorry, man. It’s probably weird to just have a stranger up in your business, huh? I won’t do it again, promise. Dean won’t, either.”
Dean looks a second from crying, as close as he gets anyway, where his bottom lip trembles. He looks at Castiel like his insides are falling apart and there is no red mesh bag to catch them.
“Yeah,” Dean finds himself agreeing. Honestly a little bit stunned. “I- uh- I was. Thanks for that.”
“I see,” Castiel says very warmly. And a mischievous idea brews in him against all of the prying eyes. “Are you in a rush to continue on with your day?” There is an edge to his voice that Dean obviously catches because he tilts his head to the side and squints up at Cas.
Dean has a hand around the knob of the door as if to open it, and his skin is slightly pink again like he’s embarrassed.
“Oh,” Cas sobs on breath, “oh, Dean. Oh-” and then he seems to lose his battle with finding words in favor of keening a broken and intimate noise. The type of noise that you make for one other person. Dean can feel the way that Cas expands, twitches inside of him, how everything gets just a little bit slicker.
Dean chuckles. “Something like that. I ain’t a saint, though. We left his ass out there by that lake and just drove off. I think it might have actually been more satisfying to watch him crawl after Baby in her rearview mirror when we left than it would’ve been to shoot him.”
There are footsteps out in the hallway accompanied by labored breaths, and then Sam is in the doorway looking in. He’s dripping sweat, but he grins as he pulls out his earbud. “Eggs?” he asks hopefully before fully entering the room.
With his eyes closed all that’s left to do is feel. And the water sparks him like a lighter, a flickering that makes him want to melt down. His shoulder hunch further and he lets out a breath. It’s cool relief alongside Castiel’s loving touch that speaks to a certain level of contentment that Dean isn’t sure he’s deserving of.
The thoughts rush up on him now as starts his morning routine. He can hear Sam making breakfast down the hall while something by Taylor Swift plays, one of the few artists all of the residents of the Bunker can agree on.
To his surprise, Cas says, “Nowhere at all,” in a contented way that Dean hasn’t heard in a very long time. Silence falls again, and Cas goes back to reading his book.
When Dean shifts, Castiel steps back to give him room. Dean’s eyes linger hungrily at his now extremely visible erection, but his face screws up when he goes to stand.
He startles in the hard plastic chair, dropping the still-open magazine into his lap as he whips his head around, but the sporadic spread of people also waiting at the baggage claim don’t seem to notice the voice at all.
“Hey there, girl. Oh, man, I missed you. Pretty thing.” Dean coos as he treads closer. “Did you miss me, sweetheart?”
“I guess…” he starts slowly. “It just feels like I’m pretending to be one, for other people’s sake.” When he glances up at Cas, it’s to find a patient expression already turned in his direction. Cas nods at him, so Dean continues. “They don’t wanna watch some sad sack of shit walking around town crying all day. They want entertainment, or maybe just the unattainable, I don’t know. I think they want me to be a person just as much as they don’t want me to be.” He shakes his head, and suddenly he’s reminded of the weight of Cas’s hand on his neck. “That didn’t make any sense.”
Cas’s fingertips press into the skin on Dean’s hips until it indents against the easy pressure. Big, masculine, used to tie twine into bunny ears around honey jars. “I-” Cas starts, but can’t seem to finish, his lips pressed and shaking in a sentimental line. His eyes dart back and forth between Dean’s.
“I thought we did,” Dean grunts. He sighs, pinches the bridge of his nose as he finally rises from his crouch to stand next to Sam. “Call Rowena.” Then, he looks down at Castiel. “Do you remember Rowena?”
“Hey,” he says softly. She’s got brown hair and brown eyes that meet his fearfully. “Somethin’ I can do for ya?”
, which makes me Paulo,” Dean says, and he can’t really blame Eileen when she doesn’t bother answering. “I think I’d make a cool Paulo. I’m gonna touch your ears again.”
Until it shudders out of him in streams that he can’t explain, and he feels his shoulders relax without his permission. Like his body is responding to some stimulus he can’t see.
“Mmmmm.” Dean rubs his stubbled chin across the top of Cas’s shoulder, likes the idea of leaving red marks of irritation there. His brain feels like it’s melting out of his ears. “Love you,” he mumbles.
“But that doesn’t matter, as I’ve said, because the physical evidence is there either way. That the cursed advisors, while no longer trapped in the form of a swan, still passed down their mutated genetics to their children, and then them to their own children, and so it continues. Now, the kingdom is left with a handful of people who still bear the mark of the curse. People who are treated with more interest than some of the royalty, I would say, because of the heroism of their late relatives. Until the legend perpetrates the fascination perpetrates the legend in circles.”
Dean didn’t realize how much he’d missed that light. And the memories of it don’t do it justice, how sweet and kind it is on the eyes. The way it banishes the monsters of Dean’s bedroom back under the bed so that there’s no chance of any dark figures sneaking their way in and causing irreversible harm. Cas was right, too, because the sight of that grace in one piece makes the last of Dean’s skittering skin settle.
Mr. Davis nods with his scraggly eyebrows raised. “Of course, of course! Just a moment.” And then he turns into the shade of his stall without another word. It’s a little bit larger than Cas’s, so it takes a moment before he returns. Dean just wants this to be over. He toes the ground under his boot and his hands fidget. Charlie must pick up on his nervous energy because she bumps her shoulder into his.
This time, Cas kisses him. Dean lets himself be led, makes a cotton noise against Cas’s mouth with the way he’s being put back together under Castiel’s careful and lovely tending. It only lasts a second before Cas pulls away.
There’s something so fucking endearing about Castiel, all of the time, but especially when Dean gets to see him like this, whole and domestic and
They stare at each other. Slowly, Castiel puts his book on his bedside table beside the lamp and the jar he has there before he moves off the bed to stand as well. They’re only a few feet apart in the small room.
Dean turns to the crowd scowling. He doesn’t think he has ever shown this very real anger so openly before, not to anyone but Sam and Charlie when it’s all too much to hide. Some people stare at him stunned while others avoid eye contact completely.
Thank god. Dean needs Cas’s hand to stay there forever. And that’s why he doesn’t let anyone get close enough to touch him. ‘Cause whatever Cas is, he’s not gonna be around forever. Dean doesn’t even know why he’s here in the first place. But Dean- he wishes- he wishes he was small, small enough to curl up into Cas’s palm and sleep there in the cage of fingers that would make sure nothing bad happened to him.
“You’re good at it,” Charlie declares. It makes Castiel feel immeasurable fondness. “You have warm arms. Strong hands. Where’d you get your hands from?”
He jumps, feels Mystery Man jump too, when LSU scores a touchdown on the TV and the entire bar breaks out into cheers. The drunks are standing and jumping, shouting, and Dean’s teeth are on edge more from instinct than from thought. His heart hammers in his chest from the scare. Adrenaline can be such a bitch when it’s not actively helping him survive a near-death experience.
Dean doesn’t know how, but it feels like he can almost imagine Cas’s expression, the one on Jimmy’s face. A frown that isn’t so much hurt as it is emotional. Blue eyes watching Dean back like they’re not quite sure what he’s trying to get at or if Dean means what he’s saying or if this is all some trick. But underneath the surface layer of rightful distrust, there’d be something moved. Something that questions the truth of Dean’s words because Cas wants them to be true so badly that there’s no way they could be. But they are.
The wires in Castiel’s brain cross, cross, short circuit under the pressure. Whirring and drawn out like the dashed white lines flying past outside the window. He doesn’t understand.
“I’m sorry.” It’s a sincere apology, a genuine sorry. Maybe like it hurts a little bit. “I shouldn’t have come here.”
sound through his headphones and he honest-to-god has to stop himself from moaning out loud. What kind of addictive substances is she putting in those little plucky noises? It’s like a fantasy, these high melodies and harmonies that make Dean feel like he’s floating.
Then they stop abruptly. “Would you do me a favor?” Cas asks, like he isn’t knuckles deep in Dean’s asshole.
“You know,” Dean says coldly. He can’t meet Cas’s eyes, so he watches his clasped hands on the table. “What you said. You can’t.”
“Exactly. I have this family; it’s me, Dean- D-E-A-N,” as he spells out the letters, he writes them in a big scrawl across Cas’s skin, from the space between his shoulder blades to the small of his back, “and Sam- S-A-M,” he continues to move his finger along with his spelling, “and Eileen- now this one’s a little longer, so pay attention. Eileen- E-I-L-E-E-N. And last but not least, this nerdy angel named Castiel, but I just call him Cas- C-A-S. I have plenty of other family, too, they just don’t live here with us. But when they visit, you bet I make them my world-famous cinnamon pancakes.”
“Yeah, uh, wasn’t really planned. Just wanted to say hi.” Now, Dean’s green eyes are full and meaningful, as if to convey
As if reading his thoughts, Dean’s body settles even more heavily until there is no space between them and Castiel is taking the majority of Dean’s weight. Dean becomes the most comforting of blankets.
That thumb on Dean’s cheek abruptly resettles over his lips, cutting off his next words. Then the air stirs as Cas shifts even closer, leaning until his jaw is parallel beside Dean’s, his mouth near Dean’s ear. This close, Dean can smell the perpetual scent of cedar that seems to cling to Castiel from the honey stall.
“It’s nothing, Dean,” Cas says, and when Dean raises a disbelieving eyebrow, Cas sighs. “It really is nothing. Nothing that you need to be worried about.”
“Fuck, okay, that’s real good, Cas-tiel.” Dean seems to catch himself midway through Castiel’s name. “Uh, that’s all true, what you said. You were an angel but you got drop-kicked into humanity about a month ago.”
“I’ll only take what I need, you don’t have to do anything.” Castiel’s voice is so strained, even at its low volume, that he barely recognizes it. “Allow me. I’ll only take what I need. Please. J-just relax, Dean. Shhhh, it’s alright. I know you're t-tired.”
Before he gets the chance to start groveling, Cas continues, “Was there something you needed, or did you come here just to bother me?” The words are mean, but they come out fond.
He observes the quiet pulsing of Dean’s soul. It’s mint green, a blending of curiosity and apprehension and excitement. Castiel continues to rub his head.
The little girl looks genuinely stricken, so Dean hurries to say, “That’s why we’re gonna have enough fun for her, too, right? And then I’ll bottle all that fun energy up and take it home with me so I can give some to Charlie.”
Dean gets why Cas thought that would make him uncomfortable, because his first instinct is exactly that, more because he knows he’s supposed to be than the fact that he actually is. But hasn’t he been enjoying Cas’s moon touch a little bit too much, too? Out here describing it like a steroid shot of holiday spirit. Maybe he doesn’t have any room to talk at all.
“You could have not come back. You could have recognized that I thought I was talking to an actual bird with no understanding of the human language and moved thirty feet up the stream so that neither of us would bother the other.”
He makes himself look Cas in the eyes as he continues. There was a time once, in Purgatory, when he didn’t get to say these words out loud like he wanted to.
Cas is- Cas is so beautiful. There’s a full moon bobbing gently at the foot of Dean’s bed, and Dean is in love with it.
From across Eileen, Dean gives a happy laugh. “Yeah, she’s on the team, man! First string! Her and Sammy are, like, unstoppable. Sometimes I think they can just read each others’ minds.” Sure enough, she and Sam are practicing what looks like a rather complicated run that includes a throw that Sam dives to catch. Dean lets out an appreciative whistle at the play. “Oh, we are so gonna smoke their asses.”
Gabriel’s long hair and short stature are rather distinct as well, where he approaches Sam and holds out a hand to help him up. Once they’re both standing, Gabriel says something to Sam that makes the much taller man break out into a grin so big that Castiel can see the white of his teeth from here, before shoving at Gabriel’s shoulder hard enough to push him to the ground, too.
So Dean sucks up his pride and says, “No, it was just- one of those dreams. You died. It happens, just gotta wait it out. I’ll be alright in a few.”
That makes Dean laugh and he pulls at the grass more quickly, like he’s excited. The set of his shoulder has fallen into an easier line. “The wings aren’t too bad. A little top-heavy, but they’re also pretty cool. I think they’re cool, anyway.” He smiles and shrugs. “I used to get them out all the time when I was a kid and hit Sam with ‘em.” When Castiel chuckles at the imagery that creates, Dean looks pleased. “Poor Sammy didn’t stand a chance. By the time I was eight they were, like, twice the size of him. I used to just knock him on his ass. God, he’d get so mad. Little did I know at the time that he’d grow up to be Sasquatch and exact his revenge whenever he got a chance.” He rolls his eyes, but it’s all fondness.
Dean dropped to his knees right there in the dirt of the walking road. “Hey,” he’d said in this voice. Castiel feels his jaw clench just at the memory of it. Sweet and gentle and heart-wrenchingly genuine. “Hey, sweetheart, what’s wrong? Are you hurt?”
On the top of his next stroke, Castiel stills his wrist and rubs his thumb in soothing circles across the head of Dean’s erection. Slow and tight, the pad of his finger catching on the slit and pushing against it. He lingers here where Dean can not resist or struggle. Around and around.
Some of the tension melts from Dean, and Eileen says, “Well if you’re not waiting on anyone, you should sit and cheer with us!” On both hands, her pointer and middle finger are extended, and she taps them together before pointing to herself and Dean. “I promise, these are the best seats in the whole stadium.” Then she scoots to the side, pushing Dean with her, to make an open space on right at the end of the bench. She pats it with her hand.
“For the wet ingredients, you need two cups of milk, M-I-L-K, four eggs, E-G-G-S, and one stick of melted butter, B-U-T-T-E-R. And that’s it, easy-peasy. You whisk those all together, and then mix them into your dry ingredients.” Dean uses the flat side of a curled fist to rub circles on Cas’s back as if he were holding a real spoon to mix the batter. “Mix, mix,
Cas’s worried look morphs into something more gentle and Dean’s heart is wobbling in his chest at being the recipient of it. An archangel looking at him like that.
Wonder why?” And when Charlie makes puppy dog eyes at him, he shakes his head. “No. Oh, no no no. You walked your ass here, you’re gonna walk your ass home.”
Dean wasn’t angry. Anger took too much energy. No, he was rotting. Sober and brittle like the type of branches you think can hold your weight when you’re a kid climbing trees, but the limb is hollow in the middle and it snaps clean off when you grab it, delivers you directly to the E.R.. Rotting, and he waits for the mushrooms to start sprouting from his skin.
But now Cas turns away, won’t meet Dean’s eyes as looks around the library. Dean watches his throat work over and over again, and before he can figure out why himself, Cas is facing him again with unshed tears in those big, blue eyes.
There’re so many loose thoughts in Dean’s head that he’s not even sure where to start trying to pin them down, but his sorting progress is interrupted by Cas’s knuckle catching under his chin. He inhales sharply in surprise with the way Cas is watching him now. There’s something reverent in his gaze as he leans in again, slowly, to press his lips to Dean’s.
Dean slowly raises his head from the cover of Miracle’s fur and meets Eileen’s eyes with his own wet ones. The smile on her face turns to a half-hearted and understanding frown.
“Dean, what’s wrong?” Sam asks hushed, tired and comforting like he actually wants to know. “Is this about Cas?”
There’s a second where he lets Cas see through him, too, let’s all of his affection seep out into his gaze. But then it’s too much with Eileen and Sam both here to see it, and he feels exposed in the kitchen lighting that doesn’t hide anything. The lack of Taylor makes the silence all the more noticeable, and he has to pull away.
Taking a demonstratively relaxed sip of his beer, Dean pretends to watch the swarming movement of uniforms on the TV while he surveys the man from the corner of his eye.
“I guess I can live with that.” Dean glances back at him, his eyes dart between Castiel’s eyes. He purses his lips. “Alright, get over here.”
When Castiel checks the Linden apiary, the bees move happily and healthily around the hive. They’re so gentle that Castiel has no need for a suit, preferring to just wear gloves. Honey bees are usually rather docile anyways, but he imagines that mutual respect between the two parties also plays a role. If you ask him, the bees understand the notion of mutual respect, because they are inherently extremely intelligent creatures.
Dean leans a steadying hand on the window’s countertop like he can barely hold himself upright. “No one ever touches me right. Their fingers go through my skin. No one touches me right. I’m trying.”
What were they again? As if any of them really mattered, and all of a sudden there is nothing left to fight. Not when Cas is here, against all odds, telling Dean that he’s a person. Not when Cas’s hand was so warm and blanketing on his neck like just the touch alone would have been comfort enough to put Dean back to sleep. Spun sugar blue eyes peering out from a righteous face that watches Dean with something breathtakingly affectionate.
Dean’s mouth pulls downward, real and upset. “You don’t have to do this. You- I shouldn’t get a free pass because of- whatever. You can be mad at me.”
“You’re sarcastic, even now. Why-” Dean stiffens under him and Castiel doesn’t wait for an answer. His hand slows but doesn’t still, petting over Dean’s erection. “-when I know you as well as I do? You hide, and for what, when I’m already touching you like this. You said yourself that I’m your best friend. Well, you’re my best friend, too, and I have seen the parts of yourself that you think you keep secret.”
It happens in a dream. It’s weird, because Dean’s in a grocery store taking his cart up and down the aisles until he lands himself in the bakery section at a table stacked full of different pies. Their little shiny plastic lids glint under the fluorescent lights while their matte labels show off their flavors.
. He doesn’t even bother speaking with the motion, not wanting to break the fragile bubble of peace they’re in.
Something is unraveling in Dean’s chest because- Jesus- because Cas makes it sound so easy. Cas makes Dean feel like he’s not crazy and he’s not a freak and suddenly Dean’s thrown into his own real body in sharp contrast against every projection of him there has been from strangers. Here, in Cas’s living room with just a bowl of honey water to keep them company, Dean is unadulterated.
Cas sighs like he hears right through it. “I know, I know, it may not make any sense. But there’s something about them that makes me feel that they deserve eternal rest. They’re workers, hard workers, and their work benefits so many. Technically, they don’t have the same moral dilemmas as human beings, but they do have souls as all living things do, which means that they have the ability to enter heaven. Even the smallest bee contains magnitudes of positive and selfless productivity.”
The Swans are only people. This is something that Castiel holds onto. Just people who happen to have a generational curse in their bloodline. And when he interacts with Sam Winchester or Eileen Leahy at his stall, it’s easy. He says hello, they say hello back. They’re just people. In fact, they are some of the kindest people Castiel has ever met. Unsurprising, given their top-tier reputations.
Slowly and delicately, Castiel drags the pad of his pointer finger across the spider web silk of Dean’s eyelashes, following its easy curve.
Dean looks back at him, and his eyes are glassy. His brows pull together even as he nods. “Me, too. I’m sorry that I hurt you too.”
“R-rest, now,” Castiel whispers, and has to inhale through his nose at the way his chest feels torn open. His hips hitch without his permission. “You never get enough rest. And I-I would find myself guilty if I interrupted your sleep. There’s no-” He whimpers in his throat. “There’s no need for you to rouse. You’re safe, here. D-don’t worry. I’ll take care of everything. I’ll be very gentle.”
Ella looks at him with the type of solemness that only a toddler can manage when she nods and says, “I promise. I’ll be- like when I pet a kitty, and my mama says to be careful because I could hurt it bad.”
The question is loaded and layered despite how innocuous it is. Because to Dean, closing his eyes just takes away his ability to see, but to Eileen, it’s making herself vulnerable to him in a way that’s hard for Dean to wrap his head around. Eileen uses sight to communicate, to see signs and to read lips, so closing her eyes means… he can’t really imagine it if he’s honest with himself. Dean doesn’t know how many people he would trust with the power she’s giving him now. He wonders if she’s more comfortable with him than he originally thought. Definitely more than he deserves. He thinks about how the name she gave him meant
. I’m sorry for surprising you, either way. I’ll just-” The warmth in Dean’s stomach tugs forward as Cas starts his exit.
“Shhh,” Castiel finds himself soothing almost unconsciously, the way that he has seen people be comforted in the movies Dean makes him watch. “Shhh, that’s it. It feels so good to touch you without rush. This is exactly what I wanted. You’re sensitive here. What should just be the movement of a hand becomes a catalyst for pleasure. And pleasure suits this body so well, Dean.”
Seeing him relaxed, the way that he deserves, is a precious thing. So rare that it turns the air fragile, and something about it… Castiel blinks.
Castiel makes his way across the opening, enjoying the way the fresh green grass tickles his ankles where they’re bare below the hem of his pants. It is a sign of the spring that is finally here to stay, in full swing. The winter had drawn on so long this year, and Castiel feels contentment settle gently in his stomach as the afternoon sun peaks pastel at him through the low hanging clouds.
It’s certainly a call that Castiel can’t, and doesn’t want, to argue with. He reaches over to turn off Dean’s bedside lamp, throwing the room into darkness, before he crawls into bed behind him.
Words don’t seem to be forming anymore, so Dean gives up on trying. His lips tremble and his teeth chatter and Cas’s eyebrows are pulled up in alarm.
The pressure building inside of Dean is like a tea kettle about to go off. Castiel rubs and touches and sets him off with ecstasy. But as it grows, he feels Cas pulling away. He wants to latch on, cling to him, but finds that he can’t.
, and Cas is laughing at the fact that Dean is imitating- not him, but his vessel. Because Cas isn’t… Jimmy. Cas isn’t the body laying limp propped up against an apple tree right now. Cas is, apparently, a little moon.
When he finally approaches the stall, he sees two figures through its white trim, and actually, his nerves are still there after all.
Dean cackles up into the night air. He laughs and laughs, and it feels so good for it to be genuine when he does it. “You’re right,” he chuckles, “That is really unfortunate given the circumstances, kiddo.”
“Just the right melody played, maybe.” Castiel looks down the valley of their bodies to where Dean’s erection is very nearly touching his stomach. “We’ve already made measurable progress, it seems.”
“Orange is Orange Blossom, naturally, yellow is Linden, blue is Buckwheat, pink is Acacia. Those are directly from our apiaries. The green is Clover, from the West kingdom, and the red is Wildflower from the North. There are more, but these are the most popular and versatile.”
When Dean lifts his head slowly, turns it to the right where Sam sits diagonally from him, he finds Sam scowling down at his own computer while little tears make their way across his cheeks. Sam sniffles again.
“As always, you two are overlooking something here,”  Cas interrupts, setting down his drink to sign along suspensefully. They all watch him with intrigue. “Eileen and I are already married.”
And because of the events of yesterday, it’s as though Castiel sees that underneath in a different light. Those nasty little feelings that Dean tries to bury are tangible and they are beautiful. Soft and delicious and ripe and Castiel wants to bury his fingers in it and lick the juice off his human hands. He wants to touch the velvet membrane of each clementine slice.
It fractures in Castiel that he did that. He put that mark of harm on Dean. Dean, with his sun-adjacent smile and hands that guide children back to their mothers. Who just wanted someone to talk to him like he was a person.
firmly keeps his gaze locked on the fruit bowl when he says, “Hey, speaking of you and Eileen, uh. You know how when you see each other your wings do that thing where they spazz?”
“For you, Dean,” Castiel confirms as he pushes both his pants and his underwear down in one wrinkled swoop. Their fabric is bunched together when Castiel kicks them off of his ankles and is finally, finally made bare.
While Castiel’s left hand is still held on Dean’s neck, his other arm comes up to wrap around Dean’s strong middle, the narrowing of his waist, in a half hug. Castiel is spread out tenderly across blue skies, and then he is condensed into the safe hole of a rabbit’s burrow as he holds Dean in his arms. Dean’s warm body is a weight that is so physical that it becomes emotional again. Castiel reminds himself to breathe.
“How lovely, truly. You’re lovely, Dean. Whatever you need. I’m here. I have you. You can rest on me now. You can rest.”
“Cas.” The name comes thick and heavy out of his mouth. Castiel watches him carefully and slows his movements until they’re just rocking against each other. This feels good too when Dean stops to think about it. Their bodies are tangled up, Dean’s sweat transferring to Cas’s body as they slide together, their dicks hot and tucked close. It’s intimate, Dean realizes. Dean doesn’t know if he’s ever been intimate with a person before.
It takes Cas another thirty seconds to answer. “I think... “ his voice thick like honey, “I have merged with your bed.”
Through the ivy archway of center square where all of the restaurants and bars around its periphery are closed. The restaurants will open in a few hours for breakfast, and soon the whole square will smell like fresh sausage and baked goods. But for now, Dean is the only occupant. He circles around the empty fire pit to backtrack the way he came, his footsteps echoing through the enclosed stone walls.
“I would have never guessed,” Castiel says flatly, and smiles when it earns him a half-hearted elbow to the ribs. Again, the air between them is quiet.
Then Dean is taking a shuffling step closer, pointing their toes at each other and keeping their bodies only inches apart as he holds his hands carefully behind his back while he leans in for a kiss. Castiel meets him in the middle for it with his arms at his sides until they are both nothing but one bridge that leads to two bodies. The only point of contact is their mouths. How strange it is to be bare and to be close but to not touch.
Cas’s warm hands tighten on his hips, and suddenly Dean is stretched and slick. He can’t contain the gasp that comes out of him. Cas, the bastard, doesn’t even seem concerned, just looks down at Dean greedily like he wants to eat him alive.
He squeezes his eyes shut and tries, curses at himself when it doesn’t work. It is like getting a taste of Greek Thyme Honey, the most wonderful and expensive thing you have ever consumed, and then being told you can never have it again. Until you wished you had never even tried it in the first place so that you would never know what you were missing.
“The angels are my brothers and sisters, most of whom want me dead. From what I understand, friendship is a pleasant bond between unrelated parties.”
Dean hums in response, and the sound is so neutral that Castiel doesn’t know how to feel about it. “What does executing it look like, exactly?”
Cas doesn’t respond, so Dean starts towards Jimmy’s body. “Like I was saying, Sam said it should be pretty easy.”
Cas’s voice being soft and fond isn’t what Dean expected. And Cas’s face looking at Dean now is just as earnestly golden.
With that, he turns on his heel, leaving Castiel speechless as he watches Dean walk away, taking a large chunk of the shopping crowd with him.
It’s just that your dress is so pretty, could’a fooled me! But I bet your mama is real worried about you, Miss Ella. Even if you’re not a princess, which I
Something in Dean eases. He weaves his arm back through Charlie’s and holds her close, doesn’t say much as he listens to the conversation instead of contributing. He closes his eyes and takes it in. What a lovely night, what a quiet and warm moment. The crickets sing in the distance and it’s just Dean and Charlie and Cas, and it feels like maybe Dean hasn’t breathed this freely in a really long time.
“Because I need you to be,” Dean’s face crumbles into something pleading. “I’m a selfish prick and I need you to be okay. You don’t haveta be okay with me or with what I did, but I’m not leaving you here to cry by yourself because I wanted to play pretend. You don’t deserve that.” His cheek is already discoloring slightly from where Castiel had struck him. “Please, just le- let me walk you home, Cas. Let me make sure you get home okay, and then I won’t bother you again. I won’t tell anyone, I won’t talk about it. It’ll be- it’ll be something we both forget about.”
Dean recalls memories, thinks about Sammy and apple pie and Baby. Next, reluctantly, he nudges at the grief he knows is just below the surface. To his surprising relief, it’s still there. There’s still that tug in his chest for all of the people he’d lost, his gut still clenching at the thought of those days when Michael controlled his body. But it’s quieter. When the distress surfaces, it stays put instead of frantically trying to escape and winding Dean’s brain too tight.
Sam’s face is a rollercoaster of emotions that eventually lands on bafflement. “What? Why? I want in on this thing the second it comes out.”
“Come on in, Dean,” Jody stands aside and motions in, managing to sound like she’s aged five years in five seconds.
“I’m not done yet, got something else,” Dean says. It earns him a sleepy, noncommittal grunt. “C’mon, angel. I gotta move for this part.”
“So, for these pancakes, I start with the dry, D-R-Y, ingredients. Real professionals keep the dry ingredients and the wet, W-E-T, ingredients separate until the end. I have no idea what it does, but I’m not one to question Gordon Ramsey.
Dean's throat bobs and he turns his head to hide from Cas’s studying gaze. “I-” Yes. Yes. You’re gonna realize what I fuck up I am and you’re gonna leave me. As if understanding Dean’s distress, Cas’s hand raises to brush softly at the hair over Dean’s ear.
He’s looking at the back of a head, a girl with red hair. No one else is in the little stall with her. The product of all of Dean’s building adrenaline has no idea what to do or where to go.
“I got something I need to do.” Clapping Sam merrily on the shoulder, Dean looks at his brother.  “Go enjoy that sword juggler.”
“What voice?” the windchimes play. Then, urgently, as the orb grows a strange sickly green core under the white glaze on top, “I’m not hurting you, am I?”
Thirty minutes have passed like this, if Castiel had to guess, when Dean suddenly pitches his voice towards the backseat. “Castiel, you hungry?”
When Dean finally turns to look at him, Cas’s eyebrows are pulled together in something worried but soft, something understanding. And Castiel catches him with his gaze.
Ahead of him, there’s a familiar break in the tree line. Through it, the quiet rush of water is audible, as is the rumble of his stomach with the promise of food. The sound of moving water grows louder as he draws closer, louder still as he rounds over the crest of the bank and treads down it. There’s a large flat nook of grass that reaches all the way out past the stream’s edge like an extended palm that has become Castiel’s favorite spot for a food break. He swears that the damp air and the soft breeze make his bread and honey taste better. Alone with his thoughts and the water.
“That I get fucked in the ass, Sam. That I’m currently going hot and heavy with an angel of the Lord, and he has a dick, and I like it. That-that we have Taylor Swift playing all the time like we’re a couple of goddamn teenage girls who talk about their butterflies and their feelings while we braid each other’s fucking hair.” His voice gets louder as he goes until he’s yelling again, his neck straining as he finally turns to Sam to scowl down at him.
And the chorus talks about Coney Island, a place that Dean’s only been once when he was a kid, on a hunt of course. He remembers the beach walks and the Ferris wheel, everything loud and almost too beautiful. One breath from some terrible dream, somehow. And he understands why Taylor chose this place to mourn in.
This time, Castiel is careful not to drop his weight down onto Dean. He props himself up with arms to either side of Dean’s head and leans down to kiss him one last time. “You’re safe,” he says with surety. “Just breathe. Deep breaths. You’re alright. I’m going to pull out now, and then I’m going to return your movement.”
Castiel scrapes his two front teeth over the skin, and Dean sighs happily, so he does it again. Again and again, until he pushes his tongue out against it. He would be content to die here, he thinks, tasting Dean’s heartbeat through his fresh sweat.
Dean continues the meditative rhythm of shaving, rinsing, and repeating as he answers. “Broke out the old cinnamon recipe. Sautéed some apples and put ‘em on top, too. Sam nearly shit his pants.” He snickers, “You know how he is about the sweet stuff. Kept going on about how I mutilated his precious produce or whatever. Eileen liked it, though, and he can’t argue with her. She’s even better at the puppy eyes than he is.”
“I knew that I felt differently for you than I did for Sam, but I had assumed it was because of our bond. Part of me always knew that wasn’t the case, but I clung to the idea because I was… afraid. Once I broke allegiance with Heaven, it was much easier to face. But even after I was able to recognize what I was feeling, I was… unsure of what to do with it.”
Dean takes a breath in through his nose and lets it out through his mouth, watching it condense in the night air and catch the light of the moon. It isn’t full, not yet, but the sky is so clear that when Dean blinks up at the stars, he swears they blink back. Like two big familiar eyes watching him. The thought would’ve made him feel like a softie two weeks ago, but something about witnessing your best friend die and then killing God to get him back puts things into perspective.
“As for your current predicament… there may be something I can do to help.” Cas looks hesitant even as he says it, casting his eyes sidelong at Dean.
It shocks him so much that he actually stops crying for a second, like the tears got surprised right out of his eyeballs. Because Eileen is going for it, taking deep shaking breaths without a hint of shame while her face grows blotchy. It makes Dean’s throat itch in empathy until his own tears make a valiant return.
The only space in Cas’s house that’s big enough to accommodate Dean’s wings is the living room that leads into the kitchen. Even then, Dean doesn’t extend them outwards, pulling them up and around his body so that they’re within reach where he sits shirtless and cross-legged on the wooden floor.
“I hate it,” Dean confirms. “Turns my fucking stomach over, man. The heights and doing flips and crap. Nah, that’s all Sammy. Not that I don’t like going fast, but I usually stick to horses for that. Jody’s got one over at her ranch that I ride a lot to clear my head, and she keeps it on the downlow for me. This…
,” Dean sounds startled, and he reaches out a hand to clutch at Castiel’s shoulder. “It was- it was good, Cas. Fucking- a little like getting taken for a ride at some points, but even that was kinda hot. And- and, yeah, maybe I got a little weepy there in the middle,” Dean looks away from Castiel’s eyes down at his own hand, where it touches Castiel’s skin, “but that was okay, too. Ya know, I always thought people were full of shit when they talked about crying ‘cause they were happy, but…” He sniffles the way he does when he’s trying to sound indifferent. “Anyway, it was nice to give up some of it, ya know? Like what you were saying. I guess I was just happy ‘cause I knew that…” Dean looks back up, and whatever he sees on Castiel’s face makes his tense expression melt slightly. “I knew that you’d take care of me.”
Maybe Dean takes pity on him because he reaches back in an awkward angle of shoulder and arm and flounders around until he grabs a hold of Castiel’s hand. He squeezes it in his. “Cas,” Dean says quietly, like maybe he’s a little bit nervous, too. “Talk to me, man.”
Dean shoots Cas an incredulous look before he huffs a shocked laugh when he finds Cas already watching him mirthfully. Just like that, Cas has him smiling through what must be a swollen and battered-up face by now.
“Castiel,” he says into the stall. He looks heavenly. He looks like the sensitive skin after a sunburn peels, shiny and vulnerable. His voice is buttery soft the way wet sand is. Castiel gulps.
“Hello, Dean,” the orb hums. It’s a voice, technically, but it’s- it’s almost more of a chiming. That brass of windchimes that people hang out on trees in the springtime, where the hollow metal pipes clink together into pitches both high and low until they overlap into one sonic melody. Indistinguishable. “It’s good to see you. Did Sam decide to stay at the Bunker?”
“Ya don’t say,” Dean replies without any heat. And now, suddenly, he would do anything to see Cas’s face. Wants to know the exact expression pulling on his features. Very slowly, Dean opens his eyes.
“Yeah, then I proceeded to threaten a man when I was trying to tell everyone about it,” Dean can’t help but say bitterly.
Dean speaks into a little box, pulls up to the little window, and then suddenly there is a sandwich wrapped in red foil in Castiel’s lap.
Dean’s tone borders on joking, but the words burn uncomfortably in Castiel’s ears. He can feel where the whole line of his body tenses. He needs to leave, needs to escape and wrap all of his rotten fantasies up in a tight little box and throw them away where they will never see the light of day again. Castiel swallows, jolts as his eyes dart around and refuse to meet Dean’s.
Castiel peers out at Dean, who shrugs. “She’s not wrong. But I’d say it’s more of a lavender tea. Fits better with your bee theme.”
“Taylor did this to you?” she asks incredulously. They nod around hysterical grins. “You could have told me you got into a bar fight, and I would’ve believed you.”
The swan’s head dips below the water and then resurfaces. It swims in a tight circle before going under again. It shakes its tiny feathered head side to side.
And it has everything to do with the fact that he can’t remember what kind of honey the pink one is and nothing to do with the guy at the honey stall with a voice that could put even the fussiest of babies to sleep. The same guy that apparently owns the big white box of bees in the clearing that Dean had stumbled onto just last week when he was exploring one of the little footpaths that led out of town, looking for somewhere to stretch his wings. The same guy who ate his lunch and talked to Dean even though he thought Dean was a
Because he looks at Cas and everything in him tugs. It’s physical and emotional and overwhelming, the way Cas feels like a fountain in the middle of a desert. Dean doesn’t know what to do with the way Cas seems to caress him between his first layer of muscle and last layer of skin even when they’re not touching, like sinking into the longest, most satisfying stretch of his life. The idea of sinking into things makes him flush, and he rubs his ankles together underneath his bedsheets.
Cas is almost fully on his chest at this point, arms folded and upper half practically pressed into the mattress, giving Dean just that much better leverage to
Until Cas lands another slap on his cheek, this one harder than before, and Dean is moaning, feeling his cheek burn with the mark that was surely there.
“Y’know, I think we need to do this more often. Needy’s a good look on you,” Dean cracks with a grin, which quickly disappears as he thumbs over the head of his own cock and pleasure starts to build.
. Cas refuses with a shake of his head, biting a matching mark on the other side of Dean’s collarbone before nosing his way down the other’s chest. He flicks his tongue over a hardened nipple, prompting a high-pitched noise Dean will later
Not that Dean reveals any of that, eyes hooded as he settles his hand back on the base of Cas’s cock and his mouth around the head, just creating suction as he teases the other. The contact makes Cas moan, still plenty sensitive from being pushed to the edge earlier, and despite the minimal points of contact, the wetness and grip around his cock is getting him close again, breath coming in short pants as his eyes flutter closed.
The casualness of the statement makes Cas pause, the image sinking into his brain and making him flush as he sees Dean’s come spatter his abdomen in his mind. His cock throbs suddenly, and a glob of precome slides down the side.
Dean drags a hand over his face. “I can’t- I can’t have this conversation with you like this. Can you get rid of the bees? Maybe put on some clothes?”
The whole trying to survive together put that issue aside, though. Mostly. Just until they got out of Purgatory, and
It doesn’t work, though. Cas looked like he wanted to shove Dean up against the wall, and now that image is in his mind, the angel pinning him to the wall possessively, protectively-
And sure enough, when Dean detaches from Cas’s mouth to glance down his body, Cas is hard again. Or is still hard, maybe he never stopped being hard. Who cares.
in his look- Dean wasn’t lying when he said the last time someone looked at him, he got laid. It’s the usual look people give him before they rip their and his clothes off.
“Fuck,” Cas gasps out the expletive as he suddenly speeds up his pace, the sound of slapping skin filling the room as he gets closer and closer to the edge. “Dean-“
Cas gasps out a moan, hips thrusting up against Dean before the hunter realizes he’s probably going to choke if he’s not careful, so he settles his other hand against Cas’s hip, pins him down so he can control exactly how much of Cas’s cock goes into his mouth. He sucks him down further, sliding his tongue over the head and then down the side as he sinks down, tightens his mouth to create suction. He grips what he doesn’t have in his mouth, squeezes, slides his hand carefully up and down.
a thought that makes him rock his hips up against the angel, hard bulge in his jeans pressing against the bulge in Cas’s slacks, and the breathy gasp Cas makes into his mouth makes Dean groan, furrowing his eyebrows and nipping at Cas’s lower lip.
“Cas, you don’t have to-“ Dean starts, but Cas’s hand wrapping around his cock effectively cuts that sentence short, gives into a groan at the skin contact. After doing the kinkiest shit he’s done in a while with fucking
- the angel has in him has him grinding his jaw, pulling Cas’s hands behind his back and tying them together with the tie.
What would usually happen is Dean would press Cas to the bed, try and take their clothes off slowly, but Cas would wave them off, not giving Dean the chance to unveil that skin piece by piece. Dean would shake that off, though, and try taking his time, kissing slowly down his body, leaving nips here and there. At least, until Cas got impatient, and either pushed Dean to finally suck his cock or fuck him, or rolled them so he was on top and used Dean until they both came.
Dean’s eyes track it, and he’s pulling his cock out of his underwear, where a wet spot had been forming anyway. After sucking Cas off for so long, he had been so
“No,” Cas gasps. “Need your touch,” he whines then, cock throbbing as he forces himself to slow down even more, feeling the edge get closer.
“Let you- do anything-“ Cas tries to get across, and he thinks Dean gets it, that he’s willing to let Dean do this in the future if he’ll just let him
“Yep, sure, sure. And you’re likely to get fried in the process,” Dean clarifies, pulling into a parking spot.
He stops by the bed and then turns around, Castiel a hair’s breadth away. Dean doesn’t think he minds Cas’s lack of personal space now, though.
Dean doesn’t immediately pick up on what Cas is saying, although sliding a hand down to feel at Cas’s hole, only for it to be already open and wet helps him realize what happened. That Cas wants him bad enough that he won’t even wait to be fingered open is hot enough, but then he’s sliding a couple fingers in, just for good measure and Cas lets out this broken little moan as he’s filled.
an idea for another time, when they’re not in a closet and kind of on a time-crunch. People might be dying.
Cas sits up to toss his shirt aside, then lies back down, eyes locked onto the way Dean grasps his cock through his jeans. It’s weird, letting Dean just watch like this, but it’s also weirdly making him hotter, seeing the way Dean looks at him as he reaches up to squeeze and pull at a hardened nipple. The shock of pleasure makes him close his eyes, body shifting against the sheets as he lets out a moan of Dean’s name. He can almost see Dean’s pupils dilate as he continues to make soft noises of pleasure, tongue briefly wetting his fingers before continuing to play with his nipples, remembering he likes when Dean does that.
The thought makes him buck his hips against Cas’s, who makes a surprised moan into his mouth, and that’s about it from Dean, who moves from the angel’s mouth to his neck, locking his teeth and lips down to make a mark on his neck. Then the thought of being able to mark Castiel up has him groaning and releasing Cas’s shirt to slide his hands up it instead, moving slowly over his skin before using the time to take it off completely, leaving Cas in just the shorts. And fuck, now Dean can see how hard he is in them, and he’s really about to lose it.
He’s pretty sure he blacked out, because when he comes to, his wrists are uncuffed and Dean is massaging them as he cuddles up to Cas’s side.
Now, at least 90% of Dean’s brain is in horny mode, sure. Who could blame him? He’s got a lapful of hot angel, who he wouldn’t say he
Cas obediently slows down, letting each button slip free of its hole more carefully, slowly revealing more and more pale skin, his hard nipples, the little strip of hair leading down to the now more prominent bulge in his pants.
Dean finally lets out a moan, head tilting back to avoid the smoldering eye contact he’s sure Cas is trying to make, neck stretching nicely as the pleasure starts to build at the base of his spine. He pulls back and looks down as Cas whines, hair being tugged on as he tries to chase Dean’s hips, keep his cock in his mouth. Cas’s pants are dark enough, but even in the low light, Dean can see a wet spot forming where the tip of his cock has leaked through Cas’s underwear and pants. It makes him groan and push back in slowly, watching Cas’s mouth and lips widen to take him in again.
“Okay, you got uh, I need-“ he can barely get the words out, distracted by the downright filthy noises leaving Cas’s mouth as Dean slowly jerks him off. “
expression. Eyes fluttering, unable to decide between open and closed, mouth wet and open, eyebrows knit together. Dean barely notices as Cas sucks on the juncture of the hunter’s jaw, a sensitive spot making his nerves sing and getting him
Dean can only process so much information at once, but the chief thing that’s bangin’ around in his head is that because Dean explored a kink
Dean interrupts him again with a “No,” and Cas is sure if he disobeys, Dean might not let him get off at all. So he brings his hands up to rest on his abdomen, twitching with the effort of not touching himself.
Cas watches the movement of his tongue with laser focus, until he’s leaning down, dirtily sucking Dean’s tongue right into his mouth. Dean groans, reaches to slide his hands up the side of Cas’s abdomen as he flicks his tongue inside the angel’s mouth.
Dean thrusts his thigh against Cas’s cock, now fully hard in his pants, to cut that sentence right off. He likes it when Cas gets mouthy, actually, but right now, his closer priority is making Cas come in his pants. Yeah. That’s the need that has just shot up to Priority #1.
Then Cas is swinging at Dean, aiming for his jaw, hoping that he could at least incapacitate the demon long enough to put him to sleep. Unfortunately, Dean ducks out of the way, grabs Cas’s arm before he can react and yanks him close, Cas’s back to Dean’s chest, one hand holding Cas’s arm while the other locks tight around Cas’s neck.
Cas is desperately trying to keep quiet now that his mouth is free, but he says, “Dean, please, I’m at-
“You do make me happy,” slips out before Dean can stop it. He hates being emotional and sappy, but Cas brings it out in him.
“Cas, I- I want- wanna come,” Dean gets out, hand basically just twitching over the angel’s cock now, Cas thrusting into his hand creating most of the pleasure.
Cas gives distraction a last shot by grinding his hips against Dean’s, and thus his clothed cock against the other’s, but even that pleasure doesn’t last long as Dean chokes down a moan, and his other hand comes down to grip Cas’s hip, hold him in place.
He can see Cas searching his eyes, mouth set into a hard line, still angry. Less so now, though. “You know I care about you greatly, Dean.”
Somehow, Dean knows to stay still, parting his lips just a little bit to tease entry. When Cas doesn’t move, Dean flicks his tongue against the head, just a taste, to get Cas going.
“I need intercourse,” the angel grits out, bowing his head to look at the floor, and if Dean looks closely enough, he can see a flush forming on Cas’s cheeks.
He shrugs, “Girl in the Zorro mask isn’t that important. But, uh, if you wanted to- to try slapping, we can do that.” He’s going for casual, but he knows it’s not working, not the way his pupils are dilating at the thought.
Cas doesn’t respond, watching neutrally as Dean strips relatively quickly, nerves getting the better of him. Cas’s gaze turns less than neutral, though, as more of Dean’s skin is revealed, and God, he keeps it so
So maybe the rumor mill up in heaven was a little more advanced than anyone expected, particularly Dean. He thinks it’s a little unfair that a., Zachariah was apparently listening in to his little conversation with his future self, which he thought was, y’know, safe and not being overheard. And b., that Zachariah, his cool angel buddy, would take that story and immediately tell all the other angels in heaven.
Finally, when Cas is making little whimpering noises and barely jerking his hips, Dean detaches, releases Cas’s cock from his mouth and lifts his head up.
He knows Cas is okay. But what if- and that’s enough to have him scratching anxiously at his arms and clenching his jaw so hard that his head pounds. Because he can’t lose him again. Dean feels pitiful with it, how Cas’s absence feels physical, how all he wants is to wallow in his bed until his angel is home.
The orgasm is the tearing of fabric, wreckage, pulling at Dean from all angles. And Dean cries at the ceiling, these high sobs that set chills up and down Castiel’s body. But still, Dean doesn’t move, not even his jaw, just the molten glass noises that ooze out of him hot enough to burn.
“That’s cold,” Dean shakes his head, and Eileen makes a motion as if she’s shivering. He flips her the bird when Sam is turned around. She just laughs.
And then it’s over as rapidly as it started, and Dean is standing solidly in the motel parking lot. Cas’s fingers drop from his forehead. When Dean gives a disbelieving look around, he sees Baby parked in front of their door number.
His fingers drift in paths up and down the soft skin of the back of Dean’s neck so lightly that his touch is just a graze. To his surprise, Dean manages to bow his head even further over Castiel’s shoulder to bear more of his skin. So Castiel continues the ministration, drawing feather-light lines across the notch at the top of Dean’s spine, then further to the side against the strong tendon that connects from Dean’s ear to his clavicle.
So Dean gives her a smacking kiss on the cheek while he waves goodbye to the gremlins, all of whom promise to come see him at the next frisbee match, and then he’s making his way through the kitchen and out the side door leading to the barn.
“Cas, what...” When Dean looks between fleece eyes that drill into him with the most frightened affection Dean has ever seen, he finds the words he planned to say dying in his throat. “It was you, just now. When I got all jumpy about those guys yelling. You did something that zenned me out.”
The humor drops from Dean’s face and he observes Castiel with something more serious. Behind his eyes, there’s an odd sort of understanding. An unplaceable recognition that’s aimed at Castiel, that makes Castiel itch because he has no idea what the reason for it is.
These days, things feel a lot lighter. When Dean putters through the Bunker, music plays randomly, from a bedroom or the kitchen or a bathroom late at night; sometimes with a voice accompanying it, other times just soothing white noise. The stagnant underground air is celebratory in hindsight, like even though the world was saved over a month ago, the implications of how big that triumph was are just setting in.
Dean’s mouth leaks keens like a faucet. His soul is the burning fire under a rocket right before it is forced into the atmosphere.
Castiel finally brings his finger, lit from the inside, down to the base of Dean’s cock, where he catches the bead of precome and traces the path it had made back up Dean’s length to the head where it came from. He draws his fingertip back and forth there, just skimming pressure, and lets his grace do the work.
Castiel shuffles on his knees further down the bed. He grips onto Dean’s shin and uses his leverage to push Dean’s legs apart far enough that Castiel has space to crawl between them. They move so easily under Castiel’s coaxing, without any muscles to tense and impede his progress. After some rearranging, Castiel curls himself up with Dean’s knees on either side of him.
Dean blinks. He knew, like, of course he knew that Cas wasn’t human. Literally everything he’s said and done has been very much not human. Somehow Dean’s still not really sure what to say to that. So what comes out is, "I’m not leaving my car here, man.”
“things that won’t do you any good to think about in the first place. See, that’s what no one tells you. Some things are better off not being thought about. Not all thinking is good thinking.” He pauses his peeling, more than halfway done. “Perhaps I’m being cynical. I’m not trying to be. I mean that thinking can only get you so far, until reality becomes an impermeable wall. How valuable is something, really, if it’s only in your head?”
Cas smiles at Dean mischievously, as if giving him permission, and since Dean is the older brother and also the best storyteller of all time, he begins. “So, Cas injected my brain with this miracle juice-”.
Sam’s mouth turns down thoughtfully. “Yeah, I guess so. I mean, usually people only say that kinda stuff when they’re little kids, ya know? Like when a kid sees a girl in a dress for the first time and has some awakening about crushes or whatever.”
And the thing is, Dean maybe loves it a little bit. He’ll walk in to find Cas almost snoozing sitting up, and he’ll ask what the title is or what the video’s about. If Dean doesn’t have anywhere to be, he’ll pull up a chair beside him and make grabby hands for an earbud that Cas will mock-begrudgingly hand over so that they can watch what’s left of the video together.
“Yes,” Castiel sighs. He closes his eyes where his head is tucked into the crook of Dean’s neck because right now he just wants to listen, to feel, in tune with every humming part of Dean’s body. He likes that Dean’s erection is hidden away in his boxers, a treasure that only Castiel is privy to in this moment. Not even the air of his room gets to see. Just Castiel, just the tactility of his fingertips. “Because I enjoy you so much, Dean.”
“They’re pricklier than I had imagined they’d be.” Cas’s head tilts to the side, eyes squinted in thought. “Though I suppose that makes sense, given the structure of a feather.” Cas hums pensively as he pets downwards in the same direction as the feathers. “They’re very beautiful, and durable. They suit you well.”
Life is so strange, Castiel thinks. As strange as one moment of perceived tragedy budding into many moments of quiet disbelief at how things ended up this way. Because, very suddenly, Dean Winchester is his friend. There is no more of the stumbling not-quite familiarity to it that they had both been dancing around in the beginning.
Dean trails his fingers up and down Cas’s spine. “Alright, I believe you. Still, that was one hell of a ride.” He’s not sure how he manages to feel so shy after everything they’d just done, with Cas’s dick literally inside him.
It looks like it takes all of Cas’s strength to take his eyes off of Dean now, but he drags them away to meet Eileen’s.
But he’s not hurting for anything, and that’s a win, he guesses. Not drinking to forget something in particular or to numb a fresh-stitched wound to the leg. Those are always the worst. Same with broken toes. No one tells you how much you use your lower body until it’s shredded to hell and every step you take makes you want to toss your lunch.
“And they all taste different?” Dean sounds a little jokingly skeptical, like he’s teasing Castiel, and that makes him want to clam up, smile down at his shoes and never look back up again.
Dean pats clumsily along Cas’s right arm, tugging at it from where it’s trapped from the elbow down underneath him and shimmying to allow it free. Cas looks on questioningly but lets himself be moved around. When Dean finally gets Cas’s hand available, Cas seems to have a moment of realization and goes to pull his hand out of Dean’s to presumably touch his dick. Because that’s what he thinks Dean’s asking for. Angels can be so stupid when they want to be.
Dean’s confused and honestly, a little bit annoyed at Anna for butting into the conversation. “Sorry, I don’t get it.”
“That all happened,” Sam says, “but we were with you, Castiel. The three of us came here together yesterday, and the three of us ate breakfast together this morning.”
Cas just shakes his head and gives a long-suffering sigh. He plows on like Dean didn’t say anything. “I think it is worth noting that Sam also received the ‘miracle juice’, which I believe would have similar effects on his emotional pattern as well.”
Castiel sits down easily in what he likes to think of as his spot and smiles until he and the sun are the same.
“Yeah,” Dean finally manages out into the material of Sam’s shirt. He gives one last squeeze, and when he pulls away Sam claps him on the shoulder. Dean looks him in the eye. “Thank you, Sammy.”
Looking back down he says, “Last, you mark their feet. So it’s head, hips, feet. If you get those right, things are smooth sailing from here.”
Vague and fleeting sensations of Castiel’s gentle fingers in his hair as Cas says, “Hush, Dean. Hush. I’ll watch over you for now. You can rest.”
“Then I’m glad we’re on the same page. Perhaps I’ll see you here again. Maybe I won’t. Either way, it was nice to meet you.”
” Castiel rumbles, and he looks confident. Hungry, like he can read all of Dean’s hesitance and see right through it, right to the place where Dean is begging for more, begging to touch. Dean can hear himself gulp. For the second time this morning, Dean opens his mouth for words that never come out.
“Yes,” is all Castiel can make himself manage. He’s no longer hungry, but he finishes the hamburger in his lap anyways, silence falling over the car until Dean pushes at a button on the dashboard that makes music start playing.
Anna had returned a few hours ago and asked if anything interesting had happened. Castiel hadn’t known whether to tell her or not. He wasn’t trying to hide it, exactly, because he was sure that the rumor mill would hit her ears about it by tomorrow anyway. But he also didn’t even know where to start, how to form words around it, that compact little moment between Dean and him. How pathetically much it meant.
Dean’s face drops. The words rip him open and heal him all at once, in a way that only Cas is capable of. He turns them over in his head but doesn't respond, doesn't need to. It feels good to know definitively though, that Jack was getting his messages. It makes his reality a little steadier under his feet.
When Dean looks to his right, Cas is already watching him with fond joy. There’s a smile on his face like he’s never been happier, and Dean understands the sentiment.
“I’m sure it will,” Dean replies. He digs into his pocket again, and this time he pulls out a silver piece that he sets on the counter. “Have a good one, guys.”
Dean blinks up at him with surprise. He doesn’t seem to know what to say. Castiel’s eyes drop back to Dean’s cheek again. The skin looks red and tender, especially swollen where Castiel’s index finger had caught just under Dean’s eye.
He can see the gears turning in her head as she tries to make a decision. Finally, she says, “As long as it’s not a big deal.”
“Trust me,” Dean says as he palms messily at his face, “if I could stop it I would. Who wants to cry over a fucking cartoon hate crime? Between
And to make matters worse, there’s no one here to help distract him from his nervous excitement. He already shot down Sam’s offer, and then he found out that Cas was gonna be on Heaven duty tonight. Not that it’s a massive deal, because the goal was to be alone after all, but man he wishes he had the five-o’clock shadow of an angel scratching at his neck right now. Best distraction ever.
“Cas, it’s so good to see you!” Eileen says and signs. The grin she sports and the excitement in her voice leaves Castiel with little doubt that she actually means it.
It’s snug up against some grapes, two peaches, and one lone banana. How Dean managed to get the banana right on the first try and not the apple is a mystery to him. Just further proof that he needs the practice. He presses his charcoal against the paper to deepen the shadow between the apple and the grapes, but he thinks that might actually be worse. Dean resists the urge to bang his head back on the tree he’s leaning up against.
It makes Castiel drowsy, his stomach full and the events of the day catching up to him. He moves a few inches to his right so that he can lean against the window behind Sam’s chair. From this angle, he can see the way that Dean’s mouth moves around the lyrics.
“Okie dokie, sweetheart.” Dean grabs her little hand into his and reaches it forward to the wing he has wrapped around from his opposite side so that it crosses over his chest in a half cocoon. “Like this.” Bringing their hands up together, he guides Ella’s arm through a petting motion before he lets her continue on her own.
“I miss you,” he says to the empty stream. “I know that you weren’t really you. I know that it wasn’t-... But to me, you were a friend. You understood me. With you, I didn’t have to hide.” His voice quivers. “Now, I’m not certain I know how to do anything but.”
“Well- it- uh- it-” Dean stutters as his eyes move back up to find Cas’s again. Except Cas isn't there anymore, where it’s just Gabe behind the stall talking and handing off a piece of cake to a woman and her son. As if Cas was never actually there at all, just a phantom of him. But it had been him, really, Dean knows it, because he would know the line of that nose anywhere these days.
“Hey, Cas,” he breathes down at it. The little creature's wings flutter. A beat, and then it lifts off again in flight, for what Dean assumes is whatever busy life Cas leads somewhere in a different point of time.
And Dean is just sorta tired of having this conversation, and also a little bit confused, and also still thinking about Cas not quite being a dude and Cas’s massive dick. So he throws his hands up and says, “Fine, we’ll try your crying thing. Now put the movie back on, I need to see what the fuck happened to this AWOL jaguar.”
“That’s good. We actually slept in a little later than usual. It’s already eight. Sam’s on a run. He does that in the mornings because he’s crazy.” Dean explains, because Dean still thinks that Castiel doesn’t remember that Sam gets up at seven to go for his jogs. “You hungry?”
Dean forces down the dopey smile trying to overtake his mouth and says, “So, uh, you ever get the tingles then?”
“I’d enjoy seeing you in assless chaps,” Cas whispers back just as casually, and Dean almost swallows his tongue.
Castiel’s lips press into a thin line, all of the jovial glint gone from his eyes. “PTSD and trauma can alter pathways and connections in your brain, in a very physical way. Because these changes are physical… it may be possible to… heal them, in a sense.”
That makes Dean pause. He narrows his eyes at Castiel. “What? Does watching me snore get your rocks off or something?”
Dean doesn’t know whether he should be embarrassed by the response or the fact that that’s where his brain (apparently incorrectly) went in the first place, so he just nods.
“Dean,” Cas rumbles in confirmation. It’s- He says it all warm, like he’s cradling something precious in his mouth. Dean feels his eyebrows pull together against the kindness of it and the way that kindness is a shock to his body at the same time that it’s a hot shower after a dirty hunt. His throat works over.
In his mind, he is by that fire, and he watches Dean. He walks up close, closer than he would possibly dare in reality, and he places his hand on Dean’s hip. In his mind, Dean turns to him with a look of hopeful surprise and smiles in a way that is not a performance at all. A smile that has a foundation in affection and is sweeter than the fresh nectarines that Mr. Davis sells. Castiel imagines that Dean’s smile is the nectarine juice that runs in sugar rivets into the cradle of his palm. In his mind, he gets to taste it. He catches Dean’s lips in front of the crowds and Dean kisses him back. They press against each other in mutual wanting. In his mind, the people of the town are allowed to look at Dean, but they are not allowed to touch him.
“I think… I would not need an army to kneel to me, because you’re here to kiss me. And that is a far bigger victory than any amount of power.”
“She is partially right, Sam. Though I think that you’re just as much of a victim of your father’s complex as Dean is.”
“I believe I can feel it,” Cas taps his hand spread broad over Dean’s pec, “here. Your heart is beating very quickly.”
Even in the dark, there was enough moonlight to see the high points of Dean and Charlie’s faces where it reflected off their skin, their side profiles turned to Castiel.
John’s grating voice drones on in the back of his head. Butterflies and Taylor Swift and movie nights and a
The audience Dean has gathered lets out a few “Aww”’s, and when Castiel looks around to them, it’s to see a range of emotions. Most appear delighted by the display, while some others seem indifferent, a handful with barely concealed expressions of distaste. But Cas doesn’t care. He never will. Not when Dean is right here, and Dean is a painting through the frame of his window, turned blushing and bright from Castiel’s kiss.
He’s still smiling when he continues, “Uh, so next, you can start looking at the angles of their arms and legs. In some cases, it’s pretty straightforward, but with something like this, there’s a lot going on. I think it helps to make sure all the angles are right first before I try to draw in the actual shapes. Then after the shapes is the shading, which is what I’m doing right now.”
“Oh!” Jack beams. “That’s not what I meant. Of course, I’d like to see Sam. I’ll be back again soon. But this time I brought something I figured you’d want to keep to yourself for a little bit.”
When Dean comes to, the room is almost pitch black. Usually, his internal clock is impeccable, and his four hours wake him up right on time at a cool 6:30. He’s never felt like this before, though. The waking up is always ragged, either from a nightmare or a sharp jolt, and when he opens his eyes he feels like he’s gone blind in the dark of the room. Sometimes, when he wakes up, he feels like he has to relearn every one of his atoms, the entire English language, like waking up is the most exhausting part of his day. Once he realized how much the feeling bothered him, he started keeping the door cracked to let the generator hallway light in, just enough to let him know that light still existed, somewhere.
“It’s not, promise.” Dean pats on the open bit of bench to his right. The girl sits down slowly. “What’s your name?”
And Dean doesn’t even know when, but somewhere along the line he really started to get into this. It itches the same part of his brain that movies do, that LARPing does, a fun little escape full of stories that make people happy. He can hear his own excitement in his tone, though it stays as quiet as when he started.
“Why would we watch porn together when we have the ability to actually have sex?” Cas asks like he doesn’t really care what the answer is.
“Yeah, well,” Dean chuckles dryly and scratches the back of his neck, “I was worried ‘bout you. Haven’t been sleeping very well.”
Dean pushes his lips together against the smile trying to bud on his face. “I know you’re into the instruction videos, so I figured I’d give you a step-by-step on how I make my cinnamon pancakes. How does that sound?”
“Umm,” Dean feels giddy like he hasn’t in years. There’s a smile trying to force its way up to his mouth and he doesn’t know whether to laugh or not, especially with the way Cas’s eyes are so big it’s almost comical. Dean nods. “Right, okay, good.”
“Some more than others,” Castiel confesses. “It’s easier to tell the idiosyncrasies when you try them together. We have-” Castiel turns around to grab a handful of the little individually packaged honey sticks they sell for pocket change and turns back to set them on the window’s edge- “these. We usually give them out to the children as treats, but they make excellent taste testers. They’re all different varietals”
A hand grips gently at Dean’s arm, and then, as though tentatively, it crawls across the line of his shoulders to finally rest open around the back of his bare neck. Cas’s palm is warm and heavy there. This is the first time they’re touched each other, Dean realizes, in any way that matters.
The picture of Jody’s living room makes his smile grow even wider, where Claire, Alex, and Patience are sprawled out across Jody’s two couches in various strange positions that he’s convinced only teenagers find comfortable.
“G’night, moon,” Dean mumbles as he shuts his dry eyes. He doesn’t know why the phrasing sounds so familiar until he remembers a children’s book, one that he’d definitely stolen from some local library as they rolled through so that Sammy could have a bedtime story. Dean used to have the little poem in it memorized, but these days the words are lost to him.
It’s composed of guitars and drums, but it’s turned down so that it’s just loud enough to be heard over the rumbling of the car’s engine. Dean sings along to the melodies while his fingers tap on the steering wheel.
“You’re in me-” Dean leans away to say, guttural. Cas’s cheeks are the prettiest ruddy pink. Bright eyes in the dark blinking out through warm brown eyelashes like sleeping blankets, and they see Dean. And they see him. “God- I- I love you.”
Castiel pretends to look annoyed, and it is the worst acting Dean has seen in his life. “Of course not, partner,” Cas responds in this ridiculous accent before he allows Dean to pull him close.
More silence, and then Dean says, “Why’re you asking me this stuff, Cas?” It’s not angry, just uncertain.
“Ignore it? Something that you wanted, and you just weren’t gonna mention it to me? Because you felt guilty about… what exactly?”
There’s a heavy moment of quiet again. Every moment of quiet between them is heavy, what’s new? Filled to the brim with a bizarre tension that mars the peace of being in each other’s presence.
Then, another feminine voice from further back, and this time Dean doesn’t see who it comes from. “Who did you say it was again?”
It’s easy enough to pack, a one day-one night sorta thing that has Dean just throwing a t-shirt, flannel, and some boxers in his smallest duffel. He hikes it up onto his shoulder and carries it out into the hallway where Sam is already standing. Without his bag.
The sensation of being followed used to make his skin crawl. It’s hard to find something to compare it to, the way you feel almost hunted. But, he realized one day, he wasn’t being hunted. People were just nosey. So while it may be a little frustrating to constantly have a silent entourage, it’s not the worst thing in the world. More like the croaking of frogs at night from the pond nearby his place; enough to keep you awake at first, but by a month later it’s white noise.
“Rude,” Eileen complains even as she laughs, holding a hooked pointer finger up to her cheek and wiggling it with the word. “And not even true.”
Dean follows not too far behind him but makes his way in the opposite direction around the massive pit of the fire. And, yes, there, red hair glinting on the head of the shortest person Dean has ever met. Even further down in eyesight, because Rowena is sitting on one of the wooden benches watching the fire.
He is every bit as lovely as Castiel has ever thought, wearing nothing but a soft t-shirt and sweatpants that ride low on his hips. Dean is domestic in the growing morning, where he makes food for his family.
“Many. Anna and I, my sister, have four apiaries around the outskirts of the town that are located next to specific fauna to produce that varietal of honey. The other variations we have come from other vendors in the kingdom.”
Dean hadn’t known, not really. Of course, he noticed a difference in Sammy once Eileen came into the picture, even more so when they finally got together officially. But something settles deep in his chest knowing that there’s another person on their side. Knowing that Sam found someone after Jess.
He slings his arms around Cas’s shoulders so that they’re pinned between firm muscle and the solid wood headboard as he closes his eyes, lets himself feel it. Where their skin touches, how Castiel holds his weight so easily, and the very specific sensation of being filled. Wrapped up and held.
Dean has met a lot of people, too, in his lifetime of living out of motels. Somehow he knows there ain’t a man in this bar more dangerous than the one in front of him. But dangerous things are only as deadly as the person wielding them, and if there’s one thing Dean trusts, it’s his own instincts.
He’s grateful to be holed up in this corner where no one pays them any attention because the LSU game is in the fourth quarter and the bartender is busy mixing the drinks that one drunk table bought for the other.
“Oh,” Dean says, flustered. He searches for the right words to say, how to sum up a moment so huge without giving too much of it away to somebody else. Because really, that moment is just for him and Cas. But when he finally lands on an explanation, even he’s sporting a tiny smile. “It- uh- it was at the honey stall actually, really early one morning. I guess I just decided I didn’t wanna wait anymore. So I… ya know, kissed him.”
he thinks and then laughs at himself. He’ll have to let Sam know. But Sam has Eileen, and Sam will be okay. If Dean didn’t think he would be, there’d be no question in Dean’s mind of who he would be spending tomorrow with. At this point, Sam will probably just be happy that Dean isn’t planning on wallowing alone in his bedroom again. To the stream, indeed.
But as the seconds pass by, it’s obvious that something is… off. Like the air is stretched too thin at the center and it’s too bunched around the edges. Dean sits up straighter. The breeze blows heavier, more biting, while it gathers brown fallen leaves in its hold and whips them around. In the distance, people scream on their rides.
Intrigued, boiling, Castiel moves his hand faster where he would normally slow. He sends even more potent pulses of grace through his palm and fingertips.
Both men have taken off their offensive plaid over shirts and work in plain t-shirts. They don’t ask Castiel to help and they don’t seem bothered by the fact that he’s watching them. He wonders if he used to watch them even when he did know who they were.
“They think that I spend too much time working, or out here with the bees. They don't know that I’m talking to you. That would probably only make it worse, quite frankly. They wouldn’t see my talking to you as a genuinely pleasant experience, but as a way to distract from some other sort of absence. Not every odd thing that you enjoy is a filler for the happiness that someone else believes you are lacking. I am lonely, sometimes. I don’t talk to you because I’m lonely, Linden, I talk to you because I enjoy it. Those two things don’t have to be exclusive with each other.”
“I seem to recall that you like me when I am as nature made me,” Cas replies, and if he were anyone else, Dean would expect him to have a shit-eating grin on.
He full-body jerks as Dean sinks his teeth into the back of Cas’s neck, surely leaving a mark as he comes in his own pants, cock spurting as he grinds against Cas through it.
Dean clears his throat and tries again, “Cas?” But the way the fabric shifts across his cock when he does and the angel’s proximity are making him harder, and he’s not quite sure why Cas hasn’t flown his ass out of here.
, Cas is arching hard into the touch and moaning Dean’s name shamelessly, so loud it’s surely echoing through the bunker and anyone else there probably wants to be far away.
Dean pauses in what he’s doing, prompting a little whine and buck of the hips from Cas. “I don’t have- I don’t have any, uh-“
“I wasn’t- I wasn’t trying to-“ Cas starts, hands now hovering over Dean’s body like he’s not sure whether to keep beating Dean up or to help him up.
Not that Dean gets to finish that thought, although he was barely able to get those sentences out, close as he was to coming in his pants, because Cas is choking down a wail of what sounds suspiciously like Dean’s name as he comes on his hand, hips jerking as Dean works him through it.
He undoes his pants with the other hand, tugs just far enough to get his half-hard cock out, squeezes the base a few times. Cas’s eyes lock onto it, and Dean tugs his head back just to eye his neck, the way it strains to follow Dean’s hand.
“It’s fine,” Cas says, and with a thought, it is- his entrance now lubed and stretched nicely open. Perks of being an angel.
So no, he doesn’t do Valentine’s Day. Makes the people he sleeps with a lot more lovey-dovey, and then they want to call him, and they want to see him again, which he gets because he’s
Cas’s hands scrabble at the arm around his neck, while Dean coos in his ear, “C’mon, can’t we talk this out?”
“Stop- talking-“ Cas grits out, but Dean isn’t usually this… candid in bed. It makes his cock ache with need, and then his skin flushes with shame, like he actually likes this version of Dean.
Dean helps him through it, working his mouth over Cas’s pulsing cock as he swallows spurts of come, motivated partly by seeing Cas come and partly because his cock is almost purple with need.
“Well, only because you were so good for me earlier,” Cas acquiesces, starts really setting up a pace as he works himself closer to orgasm.
He’s not about to ask for it, and so he tries sneaking a hand underneath himself, to get a grip on his dripping cock but Dean spots him, smacks his wrist so he puts it back down on the carpet.
Zachariah was going to spread his (mild!!!) panties kink to the other angels, and he’s almost mad he had to find out from Castiel.
“Well, it’s-“ Cas pauses, and now he definitely looks uncomfortable. “Zachariah showed you a version of the future the other day, one in which the Croatoan virus had taken over the world.”
“It’s for a case. Virgins in the group are disappearing, so we’re uh, going undercover. We were re-virgin-ized and now I’m saving myself for marriage,” Dean explains, smile twitching as he tries to contain laughs.
but nonetheless, he spots the same thing happening in Cas’s ridiculous slacks, and now he’s got the sudden urge to pin the angel to the wall.
“Please…” Cas mutters, still hoarse, hips shifting restlessly as his cock has practically turned purple with need.
“Well, if the monster is taking virgins, how are we supposed to use that if I lose my virginity again?” Dean argues, spreading his hands. He wasn’t even arguing to tease Cas (anymore), that was legitimately the case.
As soon as they get the ashes squared away and ready to be prepared, Cas is grabbing Dean by the arm and flashing him upstairs, to the bedroom Dean’s been using.
Later, when Sam is back, neither of them care to explain to him why all of the lightbulbs in the room are shattered.
“You gonna be good for the sheriff? Gonna swallow ‘cause I tell you to?” the words feel almost foreign in Dean’s mouth, but the way Cas full-body shivers at them and nods vigorously more than makes up for the newness. The moan the angel lets out as he bottoms out finally pushes Dean over the edge, letting out a gasp, then a groan of Cas’s name as he comes down his throat, hips twitching as he keeps his cock there.
“You remember that particular trick?” Dean asks, tone a little more biting, as he pulls his fingers out. “You’d get all needy and oh, you couldn’t wait to get inside me, so you would do that to me. I’m just returning the favor,” Dean practically purrs, landing a sudden smack on Cas’s ass- making him jump and yelp- before pressing the head of his cock to Cas’s open hole.
The time in Purgatory has been good for no one, Dean knows that, but Cas said it- he has a target on his back, because of all the… uh. Murder. Yeah. So Dean knows Cas is more in danger than he or Benny, is risking all their lives when they’re together. Of course, it just makes him appreciate Cas all the more, despite the fact that he’s still mad at him.
“Are you- are you serious right now, Cas?” Dean’s expression has gotten even more confused and bewildered, the corner of his mouth twitching as if he’s prepared to laugh if Cas is joking. Cas doesn’t joke, though.
- practically using him, using one hand to grip one of the angel’s hips, the other to grip his cock, surely overstimulated at this point but Cas doesn’t complain. He takes it eagerly, arching into Dean’s grip and whining high in his throat whenever Dean shifted just right, moaning Dean’s name when he manages to hit that spot inside him.
There’s a beat where neither of them are really sure what to do, but then Dean is reaching up, sliding his fingers through Cas’s hair to hold the back of his head, then gently pushing him down until their lips meet, soft and unsure at first. Sure, Dean has done this before, but not with an angel.
“I’ve come here to warn you,” Cas responds, and if Dean didn’t know him so well, he could’ve sworn the angel looks… uncomfortable.
he’s going to start on his “you’re better off without me here” monologue, so he interrupts him instead, “C’mere.”
Cas buries his face in Dean’s neck, where he had previously been making a mark. He starts making one right beneath it, attaching his lips and teeth and sucking hard, hoping to distract Dean enough that he can get his proposal out without a single sarcastic comment from the hunter.
“You know since I’ve been cut off from heaven, I’ve been feeling more… human as time goes on. I’ve tried eating, sleeping. If you like it, I want to try it,” Cas says firmly.
“The way the demon blood is working its way out of Sammy, I… don’t want the same to happen to you. I mean, I
He speeds up his pace almost immediately, practically fucking Dean’s mouth just to watch Dean try and adjust, moaning and sending vibrations up Cas’s cock as he appears to like it a lot, if how hard his cock is is evidence.
Having been around enough weird shit, Dean takes his disappearing pants in stride, because there’s something about feeling Cas’s hard cock rutting against his thigh. He swears he can even feel it leaking, smearing precome all over his thigh. He hardly lets it deter him, landing a hit where Cas’s ass meets his thigh, then admiring the print it leaves, running his thumb over it. He knows Cas wants to come, but he can’t help himself, running fingers through Cas’s hair with one hand, lightly tugging on it when it looks like he’s breathing in the cushions. The tug makes Cas groan, makes him groan louder when a smack lands high on his ass.
Dean is hard in his own pants, and he spares a moment to press a hand against his cock, letting out a low groan as his eyes rake over Cas’s bare abdomen.
“I just want to take my time with you,” Dean replies innocently, but the look he gives Cas is anything but innocent.
He knocks on the door, ready to grab Sam and break them both out, so help them, but his brain stutters to a halt when the door opens.
“I assumed you wanted to do this somewhere more comfortable,” Cas replies, his tone actually unsure, and Dean sighs, “It’s fine.”
Despite the go-ahead, Dean is still hesitant as he reaches forward, pulls the trench coat down his shoulders, off his arms. He’s always fucking
Cas turns his face into the pillow before he whines Dean’s name, gives some breathy gasps. If he looks down, he could see his hard cock swaying with his movement, drops of precome dropping every time Cas shakes particularly hard. And while Dean’s tongue feels amazing inside of him, he wants
“You’re the laughingstock of heaven,” Cas, who normally measures his words so carefully, blurts out.
, Cas,” Dean says, incredibly confused. It doesn’t matter, because Cas is gone with a flutter of wings by the time Dean reaches the end of his sentence, and he groans into his hands. Of course, the thought of Cas in panties starts to sink in, and it’s not
He can feel Dean panting against the back of his neck, the barest of moans slipping past as he pushes harder against the angel’s ass. Dean was always a lot better at controlling his noises than Cas, years of experience and quickies versus Cas, alive for thousands of years but still not quite used to the pleasure overtaking his body when Dean touches him.
The rational part of Dean’s brain reminds them they have bigger fish to fry, and so he moves his hands to pull Cas’s shirt out of where it’s tucked into his pants, gets his hands on his abdomen, touching and feeling and squeezing. When Cas moans and squirms in Dean’s lap, Dean shifts his goal to undoing Cas’s pants, getting his hands on the angel’s cock and making him moan like that again.
“Cas. I’m guessing you’re here to tell me the apocalypse has been solved and we can go back to hunting normal things?”
“Please, let me- I want-“ Cas wants to go fast, let off the pressure building at the base of his spine and lose himself, but he forces himself to go nice and slow, squeezing the base before sliding his hand up, swiping his palm over the head and then twisting his hand as he slides it back down. He feels the need to build the pleasure, kept in a steady state by his pace, and so he brings his other hand up to pinch and twist at a nipple.
