“You never were.”
“That is the nature of time, yes.”
Cas just looked at him empathetically. Dean thought of what Dean the Older had said, about Cas being the best part of his life. Granted, the future sucked, so it wasn’t saying much to be the best thing in someone’s life, but when the Older had said it, it had really meant something. Dean looked at Cas across the table from him and couldn’t help but smile. He really did love him. God, he loved him so much it hurt.
Castiel stared at Dean without saying anything, and he stared right back. He didn’t know what Dean’s plan was, but if what he had seen in his eyes last night had been as prophetic as Castiel had thought, then it couldn’t be good. Nevertheless, Castiel said, “I see nothing wrong. Let’s go.”
With a deep breath, Cas made eye contact. “I said that?”
“I’m not as drunk as you think I am,” Dean said softly.
Castiel at last took a deep breath and let it out all in a rush, practically leaking contentment from his pores. He looked over at Dean, and Dean smiled tiredly at him from under his eyelashes, appearing oddly tranquil compared to his usual intense demeanor.
Cas looked quickly out the window.
Cas’s eyes widened for a split second, then he resumed his calm authority. “He doesn’t know how to behave with you around. You make him very uncomfortable just by being here.”
When Cas looked back at him, he had tears in his eyes. “I am wonderful.”
Dean wasn’t sure when he really woke up. He remembered bright lights, white masked faces, urgent conversations. Cas was there at some point	, but then he was gone. Dean knew he was still shot, because every bit of consciousness he had was centered around that agonizing spot in his abdomen. Dean had felt pain worse than this, but that made it no less pleasant. Especially when he knew that it was killing him. But there wasn’t enough of him left to really care. Nothing really mattered anymore.
Dean flinched.
Younger Dean balked, stammering out, “uh, yes?” before Older Dean turned immediately back to Cas to continue arguing.
They discovered what it was when they were too far away from the door to escape. As the Croatoans swarmed around them, dragging Castiel’s companions screaming off into the dark depths of the building, he whirled around frantically, looking for Dean as he shot monsters left and right. But Dean wasn’t there.
“I have no idea what I’m going to say to him.”
Cas relaxed against Dean’s chest, laying his head on Dean’s shoulder and nuzzling into his neck. Dean stared up at the beige roof of the car, his heart thumping in his chest and wondering how everything had changed so quickly.
Castiel decided to yield, certain that there would be no winning with Dean when he was this worked up. Perhaps he could try again later. “Alright,” he crooned, letting go of Dean’s hands. “Have you eaten yet?”
The entire car ride back to camp, Castiel felt numb. He stared out the window, keeping the unofficial agreement between the four passengers not to talk about what had just happened. The snow-covered pines whirled by the window, somber and regal where they blanketed the mountains. They seemed almost like a warning, the first sign of the violence that swept this land. Perhaps once they had been something of nature to admire, but too many people had been ended here for those trees to be anything but markers of death.
Dean raised his eyebrows, still feeling very overwhelmed. “Cas, listen, you’re my best friend, and nothing can change that. But I don’t…you know.”
Dean was pretty sure the guy was neither drunk nor happy, but decided to take advantage of the momentary friendliness nonetheless. “What’s kissing a dude like?”
[The Next Evening, Very Late]
“You’re welcome.”
“He told me that I needed to have this conversation with you,” Dean said painfully, trying not to panic.
The Older drank the last of his beer and chucked the bottle into the fire disappointedly. “Cas has this one spot on his neck that really turns him on, but you gotta be kissing him when you try. Stick your thumb up behind his ear, then go straight down an inch or so.” He demonstrated, touching the left side of his neck with his right thumb, lightly rubbing the skin over the nerve clusters. “It won’t do anything on its own, but he likes it.”
“It wasn’t your fault.”
Cas stared at him blankly.
Castiel looked upward as he reimagined himself before his sinful nature as a human. “I would have used the word ‘penis’ quite often.”
Castiel was sitting cross-legged on his bed, thumbing through some of the few old photographs that had survived the apocalypse so far. They were mostly of Sam, Dean, and Bobby, sometimes smiling, sometimes not. There was one candid of Dean that Castiel especially loved. He liked to take it out and look at it when he was feeling more depressed than usual.
“I don’t know, I’m asking you! I don’t wanna feel like a dumbass teenager!”
Castiel looked away without saying anything, unconvinced and tired of arguing. Not much got him worked up these days.
When they did stop moving, the car sat perpendicular across the road, blocking any potential traffic. Dean didn’t care; he turned the engine off. His heart raced in his chest, but not from nearly wiping out.
Cas looked at Dean’s hand, lying palm-up on the table, and tentatively took it in his own. They laced their fingers together slowly, trying desperately not to break the moment. Cas squeezed gently and stroked Dean’s hand with his thumb. The smile on his face had only gotten bigger, and it looked like the tears in his eyes would actually fall. Dean had never seen Castiel cry before, and he decided he wasn’t about to.
Oh. Dean remembered asking him not to. Don’t leave me here alone. Dean cursed himself for being selfish again. He wanted the company, but Cas needed sleep.
Castiel laughed as well. “He knows me as the angelic child who doesn’t know how a cellphone works. I doubt he could imagine me being in any way a dominant figure.”
“Where’s the other you?” Risa asked pointedly.
In the beginning, Dean had been desperate, certain that Sam could be saved. He was driven, and the other humans thrived off of it. They scrambled to win small victories, killing angels and demons alike, and then later, the Croatoans. The Winchester survival instinct kept them going for a time, but as Lucifer won more and more often, and they were pushed back to the gates of their Camp, their hope had wilted to nothing.
Not letting go of Cas’s hand just yet, he stood up suddenly and walked around the table. He bent over and took Cas’s face in both of his hands and kissed him, pressing their lips together firmly and fitting their noses next to each other like they had been made to. The angle was awkward, with Dean leaning over and Cas’s neck bent backwards, but neither of them cared in the slightest. Dean could feel Cas trembling slightly, and when they broke the kiss off, Dean could see that Cas was indeed crying under his still-closed eyelids.
“I missed you,” Dean said quietly, not really intending it to be part of the conversation.
Risa looked to Castiel again, openly astounded. “Something’s wrong with you, Dean. You’ve been acting funny all morning.” She directed her next words to Castiel. “You don’t think this is weird?”
“Well,” Dean said, feeling his stomach clench as they got closer to it, “That’s what I want to talk about.” He looked at his clasped hands on the table and realized he was wringing them. He tried to get mad, tell himself he was acting like a child, but found he couldn’t do it. He cared too much.
“You know it.” Dean took a drink and choked, lurching into a sitting position and spewing whiskey onto his shirt. “How the hell are you drinking like that?” he objected at where Castiel watched him with amusement from the floor.
The Older continued. “I’m still pissed that Cas told you even though we agreed not to. But, since you know, I think he’s right. You need to talk to him when you go back. Because right now I feel like we’re on borrowed time, and if you can buy us five more years, then you need to take that opportunity.”
This kiss was perfect. No difficulty, just each other. The first one had been thrilling enough, but this was amazing. Dean felt the tip of Cas’s tongue slip between his lips and a moment later they were absolutely desperate for each other. After the initial shyness was past, Castiel took absolute control, holding Dean behind the neck and at the small of back and pressing their bodies together. For a moment, Dean felt that he should be startled by the feel of Cas’s stubble against his cheeks, but he really didn’t care. All he knew was Cas’s lips and his hands and the feel of his hair through his fingers.
Castiel softened a little. He squeezed his left arm, currently pinned between his body and Dean’s, into the open and maneuvered it around Dean’s shoulders. “We could. But I think you would feel very guilty.”
But when he looked at Sam, he was shocked to see that Sam was actually trying not to laugh. He completely ignored Dean, instead talking to Cas. “I told you,” he said smugly.
“I’m fine,” Cas said shortly.
“I think you may be overreacting. You got used to the idea of being in love with me. So can he.”
“You can fall asleep, Cas. You’re safe,” was all Dean could croak out.
Cas was wonderstruck, and it was the most adorable thing Dean had ever seen him do. “For the sake of curiosity,” Cas said, regaining his composure, the look vanishing from his face, “What did I have to say?”
this new sense of nihilism, Dean realized that any chance he’d had at happiness was long gone. Anything they said to each other in the aftermath was just dust in the wind.
Castiel popped another handful of pills in his mouth as he heard the heavy bootsteps on his porch that could only be Dean. He wondered what he had come to harass him about this time.
Castiel was puzzled. “Were you afraid of the judgement of your peers?”
“Are you insane?” Older Dean hissed quietly through his teeth, gesturing stiffly. “We talked about this. Back then, I would have freaked out about that, big time. Did you freak out?” he asked, suddenly turning and talking to his younger self.
“What inspired this romantic endeavor?” Castiel asked dryly as they struggled through a patch of brush. They were heading into the darker parts of the forest, and the nearest campfires were far enough away now that they couldn’t quite see the faces on anyone.
“Relax, Dean. I’m just talking to you. It’s not like you’re being infected.”
Cas calmed down a little and looked at his folded hands between his knees. “You told me that you had feelings for me long before you ever admitted them to yourself. So I’m trying to help you realize that.” Cas looked up, and Dean was struck by how sad he seemed. “Dean, what is so wrong with being bisexual? I know you have always considered yourself to be interested strictly in women, but what makes it so wrong in your mind to let yourself love me?”
“That you drive me insane?” Dean chuckled. “Absolutely. But yeah. I do.”
“Hey,” Dean said consolingly, reaching across the table. “It’s okay, I’m here man. I know it took me a while, but I am.”
They laid there for a few moments before Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel and snuggled up behind him, kissing the nape of his neck and tucking Castiel’s head under his chin. Castiel pressed his back tightly up against Dean, glowing the in the aftermath of love and sex.
Cas wound his left hand into Dean’s hair, his right going to grip his thigh. His tongue brushed the seam of Dean’s lips, and Dean let him in eagerly. Cas’s inexperience was pretty obvious, but Dean was more than willing to demonstrate.
But it was a good change, for once. He was in Heaven, he had his car, and in his arms was the man he’d been telling himself he didn’t love for a decade. But death had brought clarity. Bobby had said that time worked differently here, so maybe waiting for Sam wouldn’t be as agonizing as Dean feared.
Dean frowned in annoyance. “You ‘ended up kissing?’ Dude, I’d buy that if we were talking about some chick you picked up at a bar, but a long-term relationship with a dude? That’s different. You’re gonna have to give me more than that.”
Cas smiled halfheartedly. “Is that good?”
Castiel was stunned. Of all the things for Dean to be concerned of in this situation, this should have been at the bottom of the list. “Why not? I’d think hearing it would be beneficial. We’ve both talked about how we loved each other long before we ever did anything about it. This could be his chance, with his own version of me.”
Dean lifted his head to look at him. “I wasn’t going anywhere, just driving.”
Cas frowned, obviously not done, but after a moment he relented. “I’ll get my gear.” He looked over at Dean the Younger, who was still barely following along with the course of events. Cas quirked a smile at him, then went into the other room. The two Deans were left alone, and both chose not to say anything, thereby making it more awkward by the moment.
“You know, you really don’t talk like you love him.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“I’ll do it! Who gives a fuck anymore? I’ve done enough for this godforsaken place. Literally godforsaken!” Dean slapped his hand down onto Castiel’s knee. “You and I are the only sons of bitches keeping this place running! We deserve some fucking rest!”
Dean sat staring at the wall for a moment, then sighed and pulled his flannel on.
Dean looked up again sharply. “I’m not as drunk as you think I am.”
The two Deans had gone around the corner to talk privately. Only the Older Came back.
Castiel wondered if he was just overreacting because of the alcohol, but to his recollection, this was far more physical and emotional intimacy than Dean usually allowed. Castiel was intricately focused on every point of contact between them, his arm tucking Dean into his side, the pressure of Dean’s leg against his, the fact that Dean’s head was close enough that Castiel could have buried his nose in his hair if he had chosen.
“In the woods?” Castiel asked skeptically. “Dean, I know from experience that making love out here is not in any way pleasurable.”
“I’m not. I’m staying for me.”
Their entanglement of the evening ended with Dean’s wrists lashed together to the headboard, face flushed and head thrown back in ecstasy as Castiel rammed into him a final time with a lusty gasp. The ropes strained as Dean twitched, and Castiel shuddered as he slowly worked through his climax.
Another silence took them. Cas stared, and Dean wished he knew what he was thinking.
“Shut up,” Dean the Older snapped, his face very red, and turned around and left  out the front door.
“You don’t need to be. He’s as ignorant as a baby about that, so whatever happens you probably know more about it than he does,” the Older commented with a dry laugh. “He was such a dweeb.”
“Well you’d never slept with a man before me,” Castiel replied. “You figured it out. And they don’t have to anything intensive the first time. Simple touch can often be enough.”
The road curved, but rather than slowing, Dean only pushed the gas pedal harder. Centrifugal force pulled him to the left, and he leaned into the turn. The Impala’s engine growled eagerly, and Dean couldn’t help the smile that twinkled in his eyes.
“Are you here to drink and forget with me?” Castiel asked dryly.
“Have you been sitting in here all day?” Dean grunted without preamble.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Dean stared at him for a few seconds, before throwing up his hands with a loud huff and striding back to the door. Cas listened to his heavy work boots thudding against the rickety stairs, and then he was gone.
Cas sat back in his chair, staring at the floor. Dean could see he wasn’t going to get a reply out of him, and he was split between relief and remorse. He knew he couldn’t fix this, but damn, he wanted to. He wanted Cas to be happy. He tried to remember if he ever had been.
As Dean grew weaker, trying to drag him by keeping his arm pinned across Castiel's shoulders was no longer working. With a spontaneous burst of determination, Castiel dropped down in front of him and dragged him onto his back. Dean’s head and arms swung over Castiel’s shoulders and it took all of Castiel’s strength to keep hold of Dean’s legs. This man was heavy, and with his grace failing, Castiel didn’t know if his human body would be able to carry Dean for long. He might not even have the time, before Dean…passed.
“Would I be doing it if it wasn’t? Good lord, dude, I was you once and I know you’re a kinky bastard. This is in no way a step up from some of the crap you’ve fantasized about. Next question.”
But Cas reached across the table and touched his sleeve, so delicately Dean could barely feel the angel’s fingertips through the fabric. “What’s wrong? Whatever it is, you can tell me.”
“Come here then,” Dean said, sliding over in the bed.
Castiel smacked Dean’s chest with the back of his hand. “Who’ll take care of everyone if you don’t?”
“Well, to be fair, you didn’t really give me much of a chance to,” Cas answered, staring meaningfully at him.
“Good.” Castiel snuggled deeper into Dean’s arms.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Yeah?”
Close to an hour later, they were curled on the bed, Dean wrapped full-body around Cas. Dean’s flannel had been tossed to the end of the bed, along with Cas’s tie, and the first few buttons of Cas’s shirt were undone. Both of them had long since kicked their shoes off, and for a while now had just been laying there together, listening to each other breathe. Dean was nearly asleep, and Cas was relaxing to the feeling of Dean’s heartbeat pulsing into his back.
“I love you too,” Dean replied without hesitation.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The brakes squealed loudly as Dean stomped on them, and the rear end of the Impala spun out, swinging the car wildly from left to right as Dean struggled to pull over. He turned the wheel wildly, fighting for control of the car.
“Nobody wants to see us having sex, Dean, no matter how much you wish it were so.” Castiel turned around and led the way into the cabin.
Dean stopped and turned around, his eyes unusually lit up. “I’ve damn well convinced him, buddy. He’s gonna do it.”
Castiel took one last look at Dean before letting himself fall into sleep as well.
For a short time, Castiel was content to let Dean take control, but eventually he flipped them both over again and enjoyed the startled look on Dean’s face as Castiel thrust against him, panting and sweating. Dean lay back heavily into the pillows, clinging to the headboard with one hand. He cried out Castiel’s nickname as he climaxed.
“Then I think you would horrify half the camp,” Castiel objected, pulling away slightly.
Risa squinted. “Why are we leading? You always go first,” she pointed out, glancing at Castiel as if to confirm that he was as confounded as she was.
Angrily, he wiped the tears away with his sleeve cuff before they fell. Cas’s words echoed in Dean’s head, and Dean clenched his jaw, trying to ignore them.
Castiel’s body felt strange as Dean’s words poured over him. More frightened than he had been in years, he asked tensely, “Dean, what wouldn’t he like? What’s going to happen?”
Cas chuckled and patted the other man’s cheek like a child, before pointing at Dean the Younger still on the couch. “Look at him. He’s fine.”
Castiel rolled his eyes, but joined Dean at the footboard. They sat with their legs sprawled out haphazardly, occasionally taking drinks from their respective bottles. They didn’t say much, Dean naturally being introspective in times of trauma, but Castiel was content to sit and enjoy his company as well as he could.
Cas blinked. “Get together? But I thought you didn’t…I thought you weren’t interested.”
Dean was sitting in the driver’s seat of his old Impala, arm propped up in the windowsill, the other holding a half-drunk bottle of beer. His face was partially turned away from the camera, but you could still see what might have almost been a smile gracing his mouth. His eyes were far away, looking out at whatever was beyond the car window. He looked calm, certainly not yet tormented by the tragic turn his life had taken. Before he had gone to hell, before the stirrings of Armageddon.
“You look exhausted,” Dean said.
It was well past midnight by the time they were both feeling truly drunk. As the liquor began its work, Dean opened up a bit. He vented about the unfairness of life and their lot in it, and talked a bit about Rachael and her contributions to the workings of the camp, how messed up her end was. Castiel chimed in every now and then, but mostly felt too depressed to say much more.
[August]
Cas sat cautiously, staring at him. “Are you alright, Dean?”
“I love you too, Dean,” Cas whispered.
“I’m fine,” he grunted.
Dean snorted. “You’re the last one.”
“Why are you so sure I love you?” Dean burst out angrily.
Dean grinned as Cas leaned down to kiss him again.
“Technically, we’re on it,” Dean muttered.
After a while, Cas whispered, “You can’t. I’ve waited years, Dean. You never said anything.”
As Dean made to stand up, his eyes caught Castiel watching him, and he frowned deeper.
Dean met his eyes. “Well, it’s not like you make an effort either.”
As the other leaders in the Camp shuffled out the door into the warm summer night, Castiel stayed at the table, knees spread wide as he slumped in his chair.
Dean clenched his jaw, looking just as ill as Castiel felt. “Of course I have to. It’s already too late for most of this damn planet. We have to kill Lucifer before there’s nothing left. And if Sammy could’ve been saved don’t you think we would have done it by now? We’ve tried, Cas, you know that.”
Dean didn’t reply, letting go of Cas’s arm and sitting nervously at the table by the window. Trying to maintain his confident appearance, he kicked the other chair out from under the table. It skidded a few inches, and Dean nodded to it. “Sit.”
“Yeah I do. You shoulda’ heard him. It was kind of cute.”
Dean went through a number of reactions to the bombardment of the planet. There came a time when even he couldn’t muster the strength to keep up his faith, and sometime in those two years since Sam’s possession, Dean gave up on ever saving him. As Castiel’s drug use became intensive to an alarming rate, Dean protested, but then gave up on that too. Now, Dean barely spoke to him.
The shapes on the wall didn’t look so vibrant any more, but maybe that was because the sun had gone down too far.
Dean had always found them so striking and empathetic. Fricking puppy eyes;  a lot like Sam’s, except from Cas, it was never annoying.
They sat in silence again. This was getting old. Dean tried to think of something to say, but Cas abruptly stood up and made for the door.
That was how Sam found them when he opened the door, back from his errand run. “Hey Dean, I was wondering if you wanted to check out now, or—” he asked, turning around to close the door, and finally noticing the two men on the bed.
“You were dying. What choice did I have?”
Sam. At least he still had a life to live. Maybe he could go back to school, finally get that law degree.
Cas nodded sadly. “And Dean from my time and I only connected properly about seven months ago. It was a long time to wait.”
But it didn’t seem that Cas cared to be instructed in anything. He pushed Dean back until they were laying flat on the seat, Cas lying between Dean’s legs.
Cas’s voice rumbled against Dean’s chest. “What are you thinking about?”
But Cas hadn’t been there, all the times he’d died. Those had been the periods when Dean had let himself go, mourning and drowning. Dean had carried around Cas’s trench coat for months after the Leviathan had taken him, shuttling it from random car to random car, keeping it safe for an owner who Dean had thought was never coming back.
“Don’t do that,” Castiel protested weakly.
Dean frowned. “Well, I guess I can’t really blame him. It’s his turf after all and I just popped in outa nowhere.”
“Dean!”
“Hey, c’mere,” Dean said, taking Cas’s hands and tugging him to his feet. Cas stood easily, and Dean folded him safely in his arms. Cas let his cheek fall onto Dean’s shoulder and buried his face in his neck, holding him tightly around the waist.
“Shut up, man,” Dean cut him off. “I know what you meant. And I’m telling you that I love you. I’m trying to do the right thing here.”
Cas sighed sadly, then pointed at the couch carelessly. “Sit.”
Dean felt so tired. He knew that Cas would say some sort of co-dependent self-depriving bullshit like this. He was tired of the charade, and so much crap had gone down between them over the years that Dean didn’t fear the consequences anymore.
Dean was stunned into silence for a moment. “Is it…nice?”
Castiel leaned forward, bracing his elbows on his knees. “I’m not dead yet. So instead of waiting for it to happen, why don’t you let me help you while I can, since you’re so determined that I’m going to a bad end?”
Staggering along the road, Castiel tried not to think about how shallow Dean’s breathing was on his neck, or how very limp he was becoming. After all they had been through, for Dean to die when Castiel might have saved him was unacceptable.
It was hard to tell in the darkness, but Dean appeared to shrug. “My guess is he got time to marinate in it. Decided that he was tired of bullshitting himself. He was asking me about sex just a minute ago.” Dean let loose a single guffaw. “He didn’t believe me when I said you were the top.”
“Are you sure you aren’t drunker than you think?” Castiel rasped.
“I’m still here.”
After a moment, Castiel cleared his throat. “We are very happy now—well, as happy as we can be with the word as messed up as it is. But that’s not the point. You can be happy with the younger me, if you talk to him. Believe me, he’ll listen.”
“Because you needed me. Because I couldn’t leave you.” Cas looked around the room helplessly. “I tried, many times. I was angry, and hurt, and I had every reason to leave you behind and never look back. But then you needed my help, and I realized that I wasn’t capable of turning my back on you. I’ve cared too much about you for too long.”
“Dean…”
Dean chuckled at the thought of Sam sitting in a lecture hall with students half his age. Okay, then, maybe not law school, but at least Sam could settle down, maybe raise a family. Without some douchebag writing out the plot points, Sam could do whatever he wanted with his life.
Cas shook his head. “Sam’s not here. I brought you here myself.”
“I thought dick was the point.”
“Because it is.”
Dean scoffed. “Get over yourself. Just because you’re human doesn’t mean you’re useless.”
Twenty minutes later, the rest of their force was assembled, and Dean explained their movements. As everyone shuffled to get into position, Castiel whispered almost inaudibly to Dean as he passed by. “I love you.”
“Love of my life, one true soulmate, angel of my dreams,” Dean drawled with a toss of his head. “Your pick.” He leaned forward and kissed Castiel firmly and thoroughly.
Dean walked faster, eyes turned earthward and nose pointed away, saying nothing. The fear that had curled itself around Castiel’s heart froze a little colder. He took a step to catch Dean and demand truthful answers when Risa grabbed him and pulled him with her into the most forward spot in their formation. There was still no sign of the younger Dean.
“Well, that doesn’t mean you don’t drive me insane,” Cas replied, a small smile ghosting his face. He hesitated. “Do you really feel the same way?”
They stumbled towards one of the beds in the motel room, the one Dean had claimed, and collapsed. Cas shrugged off his trenchcoat and climbed on top of Dean, pinning him with his weight before kissing him again. Dean pulled on the bottom of Cas’s shirt, untucking it and sliding his hands up the back, loving the warmth of Cas’s skin. Cas, feeling this, returned the favor and slipped his fingers up under the hem of Dean’s t-shirt and brushed against his stomach, rubbing small circles with his thumbs.
Dean continued. “Billions, old as the universe, and you gave up everything you ever knew up for me and Sam. And we treated you like crap. I treated you like crap.”
This time, it was Cas who put his hand on Dean’s shoulder. “I’m not asking for confirmation, or a commitment, none of that. I just want you to think about it, and when you get back, to talk about it with me.”
Their eye contact lasted a little longer than usual, even for them.
Cas looked a little confused, but that wasn’t anything new. Dean just nodded quickly. “Yeah,” he blurted out, refusing to look at either of them.
“It worked enough to get you here,” Cas replied stiffly.
Sam quirked an eyebrow, conceding. “It made sense why, but I told him you already had feelings for him. He didn’t believe me.” Sam looked pointedly at Cas.
'Of all those He told to love humanity, only I did. And I alone remain.'
“No!” Dean dissolved into laughter, shoulders shaking as he braced his forehead against the side of Castiel’s neck. “God, I love you, man. I love you so fucking much.”
A sinking void filled Castiel’s gut. “You told him when he got here that Sam died in Detroit, right?” The Younger had been holding up surprisingly well over the past few days, and Castiel knew how terribly he would take the truth.
Dean stood awkwardly in the middle of the motel room as Sam grabbed the car keys to make a supply run. He and Cas had listened to Dean’s story intently, and asked several questions throughout. They were properly horrified of the destruction, of course, but both refrained from saying anything about making a decision about letting Michael in. Dean had told the story truthfully, but had left out the relationship between future him and Cas. He wasn’t ready for Sam to know about that yet.
Sam groaned. “Okay, whatever. You’re hopeless.” He turned around and started unloading the food and beer into the fridge. Cas sat up and buttoned his shirt, then reached for his tie.
Cas tilted his head in acquiescence. “Then let’s drive.” He held a hand out to Dean.
“I love you.”
“I didn’t decide. I just went with it. It was late, we were both depressed as hell. Someone we loved had died that day, and we just wanted someone to hold onto. It didn’t start as a kiss, but neither of us stopped it.” He snorted good-naturedly. “Turns out he’s a pretty good kisser too. But he’s had more practice than yours has.”
“C’mere,” Dean prompted. “If you lay on your side we’ll both fit.”
“Shut up,” Dean grunted weakly.
“And that makes it worse. I’ve never been worth it, man, and I’ve just proven it.”
Pressing his hand to Dean’s stomach over the gunshot wound, Castiel channeled his remaining grace into healing it. Stop the bleeding, at least. There wasn’t much he could do for the blood already lost, but at least he could buy them some time.
Dean looked around the cabin, observing what little decoration Cas had put up. This was his second time inside, after yesterday when Chuck had pointed him here and he’d met the future Cas. There were several oil lanterns hanging from the ceiling or resting on windowsills and the dresser. There was the thick rug on the floor, and the rattily dressed bed. On the ceiling above one of the windows was a message painted thinly in Enochian that Dean couldn’t read, and he wondered if it was a spell or warding of some sort.
“Hey,” Dean objected, not really meaning it.
Dean rubbed up and down Castiel’s back, making soft, comforting noises. After a moment, Cas murmured into Dean’s collarbone, “I was certain you would never love me.” He pressed his forehead harder against Dean’s neck, keeping the outside world away.
[54 Minutes Before The End]
Dean clenched his jaw and ground his teeth a little. “Yeah, he said that’s the whole reason Zach brought him here. The apocalypse, he should know all about. We need to teach him this crap so he can back away from it fast. But…I don’t know if he should know about us, you know?”
“Dean, wait,” Cas replied, lunging at him and grasping his shoulder before he could reach the door. He pulled Dean around so they were face-to-face, and stared him directly in the eyes. Dean gulped.
Cas wouldn’t look at him. “Sometimes I can’t tell why I do this anymore.”
“I am now.”
Dean made a sound that could have been a snort or a sob. “No.” He pulled out of Cas’s arms, though he kept his hands on his shoulders, looking at him with amazement. “Yes.”
“Cas, I…” he started, trying to find the words. How did someone sum up a lifetime of feelings?
Cas squinted, sending a pang of happiness through Dean at seeing the familiar expression. It meant he was home. “What is it?” Cas asked, looking mildly concerned.
“I’ve slept with a great many of those hairless apes, and let me tell you,” Dean said, flopping down onto an elbow next to Castiel, “They don’t have half the oomph you did tonight.”
“You’ve already said ‘I told you so’ quite literally,” Cas complained. “There is no reason to make that expression.”
Dean turned the wheel as the road curved again, this time in the other direction. He looked out as far as he could down the road. There were only more trees and the sunlight filtering through them. He was as alone as he could be, and that gave him more than enough time to think.
Castiel huffed. “You didn’t tell him everything, did you?”
Dean chuckled low in his throat. “But then I could show off how flustered and pretty you get.” His hands slid to the back of Castiel’s thighs as his nibbled on Castiel’s collarbone.
Cas snorted. “Very well, you were right.”
Across the table, Castiel was very quiet. Dean didn’t know what he was thinking, and that terrified him almost more than the conversation itself. When he couldn’t take it anymore, Dean jerked his head up and saw that Cas’s eyes were huge with shock. He sat with his hands in his lap, also staring at the table. Dean was sure this was a bad sign, until he saw the corner of Cas’s mouth quirk up into a tiny, tiny smile.
“Don’t cry,” Dean said tenderly, rubbing his thumbs across Cas’s cheekbones to wipe the tears away. Cas opened his eyes and tried to smile, but when he saw Dean he let out a sob and closed his eyes again.
Without speech, the other sounds of the evening descended on them. The crackling of the campfire in front of them, the laugh and chatter of the other Camp Chitaqua residents in the near distance, the snap of sticks in the woods as someone went to pee. Dean mulled over the events of the past few days. This was all disturbing as hell, seeing the world as fucked as it was, and the fact that Sam was dead in this time, only five years from the time Dean knew. He had five years to change all of this. And to somehow figure out his romantic inclinations with an angel.
“Excuse me, someone want to tell me what’s going on?” Dean demanded, pushing himself upright and looking back and forth from Sam to Castiel, who was still lounging comfortably on his side, not appearing at all alarmed.
“I love you too,” Dean panted, breathless from kissing. His heart was pounding with excitement, and all he wanted was to hold Cas in his arms and kiss him again. “I’m sorry I didn’t know it. It took a trip to the future to get it into my dumbass head,” he added, laughing a little.
Snaking his arm around the back of Cas’s shoulders, Dean pried Cas out of the corner and pulled him into his arms harder than he ever had in his life. Cas melted completely, embracing Dean as well, and Dean buried his face in the side of Cas’s neck.
“That’s why I asked,” Castiel said deliberately, sliding off the bed and going to search for a pair of socks and his boots.
Thoughts like these had troubled Castiel for the past two days, ever since the younger Dean from 2009 had been brought here. He and Dean the Older may have looked the same, but the Older’s character had been so wrought with grief these past few years that he was unrecognizable from the Younger. The Younger still had hope for a bright future, still wanted to fight back against the evil in the world, but not if that entailed giving up his humanity.
Castiel looked at him skeptically. “Don’t do it.”
Cas looked at him, and Dean was relieved when he saw Cas’s concern overcome his anger. Cas sat down again.
Castiel smiled wearily. “What would you have me do instead, Dean? What task could you possibly assign me that I wouldn’t either fail at completely or inconvenience everyone else simply by attempting? Why not melt my brains into grey goo?”
[February]
“Thanks.”
Dean’s whole body was shaking. Carefully, he reached out a hand towards Cas. His fingers brushed his face. Cas’s skin was warm and alive, and Dean settled his hand on Cas’s shoulder, terrified and grateful for what was happening.
The choice that the Younger would had resented had been made. It was no wonder Dean had left him behind.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Because you told me!” Cas hollered back. “Even from when you’re from.”
“I’m still working this one,” Dean replied.
When they had all crept into the front entrance of the abandoned building, they were uneasily surprised to discover that there were still no Croatoans to be seen. Castiel’s dread increased with every step. There was something very wrong about this.
Balthazar's fingers continue carding through Castiel's wild hair while he and Gabe consider their responses. Gabe speaks first, "Let's curse him."
Dean sighs, “I don’t know.”
"That's wonderful!"
Gabe and Balth take it in stride and they join in on the toking enthusiastically. They don't begin to prompt Cas to discuss his troubles until after the second joint and well into the third.
"Whatever, Dean. Let me just get this stuff and we can get out of here."
I’d get on my knees for you right now if I could
The brightness Dean had observed in Cas returns suddenly with the change in topic and he eagerly follows Dean’s instructions for mounting Baby. Dean mounts behind Cas and instructs him to hold onto the front of her saddle.
Guess it did
"You know," Balthazar starts, "That's not a half bad idea. I came across a curse awhile back in one of my mother's old books. It's a curse that doesn't target the cursed directly, but rather whatever it is they love the most. It slowly destroys the object of their affection, forcing the cursed to sit by and watch it happen."
Their final days with the Winchesters pass by rather uneventfully. Cas’ mind is racing with ideas for his article on the brothers and, though he is loath to admit it, thoughts of Dean. Cas never does follow Meg's advice to ask Dean on a date, though he does leave a note to Dean in the Winchester’s mailbox the morning he and Meg are scheduled to leave.
nice of you to show up jerk
I know it's taken me forever to get around to doing this. However, AP tests are over, finals are over, my ACT test is nearly past. This means that it is summer, and I don't have dumb homework assignments to do (except for my AP Lit project but I have two months to do that), so I have more time to devote to this. I've been writing on and off on this chapter since April and I have a pretty cohesive outline, I think. It's just been difficult to find the time to sit down and actually write. I hope I can get some sort of schedule going here but no promises. I don't know how many chapters this is going to end up being. We'll just have to hang on for the ride! I hope this chapter was worth the wait! And thank you for all the kind comments I received on the first chapter! They're really helping to motivate me. I've honestly never felt that my work was good enough to warrant praise before so it's nice. :) Without further ado, enjoy!
“Charlie, that was sarcasm.”
Cas pauses in surprise.
“Awesome!”
"Does that mean you're in?" Balthazar asks.
Dean thought about it and, as crazy as it is, he decided to take Sam’s advice. (It may have taken a pretty aggressive pep talk from Dean’s best friend, Charlie, but he got there in the end.)
"Well, that's good, I guess."
“Hey, Cas?” Dean greets, “Can I talk to ya for a sec?” He rubs the back of his neck nervously.
“You were right,” Sam says.
"Yeah, but today it's different, Sam."
“I just, uh, would have liked a heads up is all. In case I needed to make more food.”
That night, in their hotel room, Cas tells Meg all about what transpired between him and Dean that afternoon. With her assistance, he begins untangling the confused thoughts surrounding his feelings towards Dean. Meg, ever the dog with a bone, proceeds to do her damndest to convince Cas to ask Dean on a date before they have to leave to go back to work. Even after Cas initially rejects the idea, she brings it up continuously for the last two days of their visit.
, which matches his honeycomb channel header perfectly. The profile picture shows an attractive man with dark, messy hair-sex hair, supplies Dean’s unhelpful brain-and outrageously blue eyes. He’s wearing a Razer headset and is giving a thumbs up to the camera, flashing a gummy smile.
Charlie stifles a laugh as she thinks of how similar the two brothers are, though they would never admit it. “I’m meddling in Dean’s love life. He doesn’t know it though.”
Today, Castiel was playing Overwatch. He opens his stream by welcoming everyone to his channel. Dean is stunned by this dude’s voice. It’s deep and gravelly, but not in an off putting way. If anything, his voice is incredibly soothing to listen to.
Conversation carried on like this for several more minutes, with Dean remaining silent, oddly enough, before the three men migrated to the check out counter so Castiel could ring Sam up. Castiel enjoyed these conversations with Sam. The man was an environmental law attorney and, as such, was very knowledgable and well informed on environmental issues and recent legislation. Dean could be rather annoying because of his rather blatant disregard for the environment, but Castiel tended to ignore him anyway, so it was alright.
After having known you for these few days, Dean, it occurred to me that I am romantically attracted to you. I understand that nothing can ever come of this due to the distance between us, should you even reciprocate my feelings. That’s why I chose to put my thoughts down onto paper as opposed to approaching you about it in person. I needed to let you know so that I can begin the process of ridding myself of these feelings.
ehhe cass
Sam looks confused, “I thought it would be a nice thing to do. Why are you so bothered by this?”
Charlie’s in the middle of planning the next part of her homebrew DnD campaign when her phone starts to ring. Seeing that it’s Sam, she immediately picks it up.
“How would they be perfect?” Sam asks.
Dean puts his phone on ‘Do Not Disturb’ because it’s much too early for this and he needs a cup of coffee before he can deal with her. Scratching his stomach and yawning, Dean wanders his way into the kitchen to brew some coffee and cook breakfast.
“Oh? What about?”
Just as Castiel was finishing set up, the front door burst open in a flurry of noise and chaos that often followed Gabe and Balth. They long since stopped knocking, if there was a time they ever did.
When Dean returns with the saddle, Cas is stroking Baby’s neck and speaking softly to her in what sounds like Russian.
"Things are well with me. I've just begun carrying a local, organic honey. It would be wonderful in a tea, if Eileen is still having problems with her throat," Castiel shifted his gaze over to Dean, "And who's this?"
Dean ruffles his brother’s hair on the way out of the room and Sam splutters furiously.
Dean shakes his head, refusing to answer, and focuses on selecting a character. He settles on Zarya. Cas selects Hanzo and Charlie chooses Ana.
"It's nice to meet you," Dean said, holding out his hand to shake. Lightning raced up his arm as Castiel gripped his hand.
“At the very least, they should get along well,” Sam says, finally coming around to Charlie’s plan.
Cas tilts his head in confusion, “Try what?”
Oh? What do you know?
“So this Cas guy, do I know him?”
Once quarantine is over and it is safe to travel again, I will come visit you in Kansas and we can go on a date.
One day cas… one day…
“Would she let me touch her?”
Yes. :’( It wants its friend. Look at the picture I sent. It’s standing up and waiting for it’s friend.
"Anything we can do to help maybe?'' Gabriel asks.
Today, Sam and Dean were over in the bulk herb section, where amber jars of varying size could be filled with herbs. Sam was filling jars based on a list he carried while Dean took it upon himself to sniff every single different type of herb. Castiel rolled his eyes at Dean's behavior, of course.
Dean splutters defensively, “What do you mean what did I do?! Why aren’t you asking what Cas did?”
"Uh yeah it does," Sam agrees confusedly, "but it
The guy’s channel was really professional looking. He has 200k followers (damn). His channel name is
Dean gets started cooking, falling into the rhythm of it easily. He enjoys having Cas in the room. It almost brings life to some of his more domestic fantasies about Cas. The silence is comfortable. Eventually, Cas sees fit to interrupt the silence.
“What bullshit?”
Dean pauses outside the door of the shop, "Yeah you're right about that, but I really like him, Sammy, and I want him to like me. I want to show him that I'm gonna make an effort with him, you know?"
Now that she has Sam on board (sort of), it’s time to put her plan into action.
From reading what Castiel wrote, he seems like a decent enough guy, if a little dorky. But that’s okay. Dean likes dorky.
Charlie grins, “You’ll be thanking me for this, I promise.”
Dean sighs, “Fuck. Fine. I’ll do it when I see him tomorrow.”
“What’s up, Char?” Sam greets.
Cas turns to Dean, "You can help yourself to anything you find in here to cook with."
“We just gotta wait and see. I’d give it a week. If they haven’t gotten their heads out of their asses by then, I’ll do it for them.”
em dronk
Cas eyes widen, “Really? You’d take me up?”
“Yeah okay. I might have gone off on him a bit earlier. Tried calling him out on his bullshit.”
“So Meg and Castiel are coming today?” Sam asked Dean when he stepped into the kitchen for breakfast. He couldn’t even wait until Dean had gotten some coffee.
The problem is that Dean is, quite literally, the worst person Castiel knows. Sure, he's easy on the eyes. In fact, Castiel admired him when he first stepped into the shop, until he noticed his leather boots. The snort he gave when he saw the veganism pamphlets Castiel left out on the check out counter just cemented Castiel's dislike.
Castiel looked up as the bell to the front door of the shop jingled, alerting him to the arrival of a new customer. He smothered a groan when he realized that it was the Winchesters. Sam was just fine. Castiel enjoyed their conversations and certainly enjoyed him as a customer since he and his fiancee were regulars. Unfortunately, his older brother, Dean, often came with him to the shop. They always stop in when they go to lunch together, which is quite often.
Reading the dude’s-Castiel’s-introduction endeared the guy to him even more. While he’s starting to grow more and more nervous at the prospect of streaming with not one but two well known streamers, Dean can see why Charlie thought he’d get along well with this guy. They don’t play many of the same games, from what he can tell, but they share a few interests outside of video games as well. Dean doesn’t play the same games as Charlie either, and she’s still his best friend.
"Darling, excuse me, but what exactly is 'The same old shit'?" Balthazar asks.
Oh my gods this is comedy gold!
Sam levels a stare at Dean, “Because I know you, Dean. And Cas seems like a reasonably nice guy. I can’t imagine him doing anything to sabotage this since it’s his job.”
Dean and Cas have been talking for several weeks now. Sometimes with Charlie and sometimes without her. They stay up well past what’s considered a reasonable time just talking. This isn’t much of a problem for them though since the pandemic has put Dean out of his job as a bartender and Castiel doesn’t have a conventional job and can pretty much make his own hours. Occasionally, they’ll play some Overwatch together and will chat in the voice channel on the server. Cas will give Dean tips on the characters he’s playing and Dean will yell profanities when the game doesn’t go his way.
"Because, Dean, I promised Eileen that I'd pick up some echinacea. We just ran out because of that cold that she had a few weeks ago. This won't take long and then we can go to lunch. Okay?"
"Fine," Dean sighed loudly. He followed Sam to the far wall of the store where containers full of various dried herbs, all labeled, were housed. Sam selected an amber jar from the shelf below and began to fill it with echinacea. When he was done, he labeled it with the marker provided.
"Wow," Dean breathed.
Dean, go to sleep. Drink some water. We’ll talk about this tomorrow.
"W-what?" Dean asked, wide-eyed and afraid for the man that he loves, the man he hasn't even had a chance to really
“Overwatch. Which, I know it’s not exactly your speed but it’s fairly simple to get the hang of, so I’m sure it’ll be fine.”
Dean shakes his head, “I’ll think about it.”
It’s nearly 11 am by the time Meg and Cas make it to the ranch. The sun is high enough in the sky now for Meg to get some good shots in. Castiel is, understandably, reluctant to go to work today but it’s not like he has much of a choice.
<"Yes," Castiel responds, "let's proceed with this."
"You said you were planning on talking to me about something today?" Cas asks.
lvoe u
"Well, yeah I know," Dean says, pulling the door open, "But there's something different about Cas, something kind of
"That's perfect!" Gabriel pipes up, "Cassie loves the earth and nature more than anything, right?"-Castiel nods-"So let's give this guy a taste of his own medicine! He's gonna destroy our planet, so we'll destroy whatever it is he's most fond of!"
Cas nods slowly, a heavy look crossing his face, “My parents are from Russia originally. I’m the only one of my siblings to be born in America.”
“Alright,” Dean says, leaving a kiss on Cas’ cheek, “I’ll be back soon.”
"Straws are actually a major contributor to plastic waste, particularly in ocean ecosystems where animals are at risk of being hurt by plastic," Castiel said, butting into their conversation. Dean jumped and spun around, startled to hear Castiel's voice from behind him. His face noticeably softened as he took in Castiel's countenance. Castiel didn't notice Sam rolling his eyes at his brother's reaction to his crush's appearance.
"Oh!" Sam exclaimed, "This is my older brother, Dean. Dean, this is Castiel, the store's owner."
"Here, I'll put the flowers in some water and show you to the kitchen. Follow me," Cas directed. Dean's concern skyrocketed when he saw the shuffling pace Castiel walked with. One of the sexiest things about him is the way he carries himself. Cas always walks with long, purposeful strides, his shoulders back, and his head up high. Now, he walks like every step causes him pain, like he's been defeated by illness. It makes the vice in Dean's chest close tighter.
Dean follows Sam into a natural health store and, unexpectedly, falls in love.
“Aren’t you?” Cas replied, sliding a hand under Dean’s shirt and up his chest.
Dean swallowed. “Yeah, sounds like it.”
He had just taken another spluttering drink from the bottle when his front door was pounded on. Dean barged in a moment later, carrying a bottle of his own. Castiel tilted his head back on the rug to look at him. They stared for a brief moment before Dean dropped to the floor and laid next to Castiel, their shoulders almost touching.
Dean bit his lip, trying not to ugly cry. Cas didn’t need to see that after just getting back from Angel Hell. “You were dead, man. Jack brought you back?”
[September, 2014]
Dean shook his head. “You looked like you were in pain. You said a while ago that your power was fading.”
Cas looked like he was going to clam up again, but then he choked out, “I’m not going to leave you.”
Dean hummed interestedly. “Good point. I just can’t imagine our first time being back before you fell, because that sounds absolutely ridiculous.”
“And when I get you killed too, what am I supposed to do then?”
Dean interrupted him, yanking his arm free as he threw his hands up. “He needs to see him! He needs to see the devil wearing his little brother and know that I made the wrong choice!”
“This isn’t up for discussion.” He began to walk away.
“Why would I do that? You’d turn me away, avoid me.” Cas paused before adding, “It would have ruined our friendship, and I couldn’t risk that.”
Now Dean was crying for real, hot tears squeezing past his closed eyelids. His breath came difficult to him. It didn’t sound like Cas was breathing at all.
“On a pretty regular basis too.” This he said with a smirk.
“Please just hear me out,” Cas begged. “Just listen.”
As they reached Castiel’s front porch, Dean became increasingly grabby. He turned Castiel around where he stood on the bottom step and kissed him hungrily, both hands clenched on Castiel’s ass.
“Longing and prayer, I can hear. Otherwise, I stay out.”
Cas chuckled, but it trailed off quickly. Instead, he simply looked at Dean. In his eyes was reflected the same tragic love that had been there when the Empty had taken him, along with something else.
When he realized that Dean had stopped breathing, Castiel jerked so sharply that Dean almost tumbled to the ground. It wouldn’t have mattered much if he had, because Castiel immediately dumped him in the road and knelt next to him, cupping his face with both hands and shouting his name.
Cas stared at him sadly. “Dean, I know you do. I’m not sure you understood what I meant—”
Dean waited, but Cas didn’t say anything more. “And…that is…?” he prompted, causing Cas to nod.
Cas’s lips were soft, and his breath was hot on Dean’s face. Dean pulled him even closer, his whole body thrilling over and over again.
“I’m not letting you leave until I say what I have to say.” Cas frowned sadly. “Am I really so repulsive to you? I know I’m not who I used to be. No one is. But I am still your friend.”
Dean stared at him in bafflement. “You’re here!”
“What?” Dean scoffed, about to deny it. However, as he thought about it, he realized he was probably right. So, instead, he said, “I’m so sorry, Cas. It’s over now.” He leaned his head away a little, so he could look at Cas. Cas noticed the movement and lifted his head up off of Dean’s shoulder. They stared at each other for a moment before they kissed again.
His thoughts went to the third person who was missing.
Dean drove steadily, but quickly. Castiel could see his forehead and eyes reflected in the rearview mirror, and his brows were drawn low together. His intense green eyes roiled with anger and grief.
“Five years.”
“You get fucked in the ass by Castiel?”
“No, you’re right,” Cas said with a painful laugh. “You don’t know me. I’m too different. I’m stoned out of my mind most of the time, I spend my time sleeping around, and I haven’t shaved in two days.” He stepped away, throwing his hands up. “I get it. You’ll be going back to your own time soon, and you’ll forget about all this the moment you get there.”
Cas settled again Dean a bit, holding him more tightly. “You’re so warm,” he murmured, before falling silent.
This hurt Castiel pretty badly; Dean could see it in his eyes. Cas looked down and away for a moment, and suddenly Dean felt sorry.
“Do you and Sam have a hotel room yet?”
When Castiel didn’t reply, Dean stalked forward and planted himself directly in front of him, blocking his view of the wall. Castiel looked up into Dean’s face, twisted with frustration and who knew what else. Probably self-loathing, if Castiel were to guess.
Dean turned sharply. “If that’s what it takes, then yes!” Again, he looked like he might relent, and his eyes darted down to Castiel’s lips for a moment. But in the next, he stiffened again and met Castiel’s eyes once more. He spat, “I will do anything it takes to finish this. Even if that means making a choice the little me really won’t like. This ends tomorrow.” His voice was hoarse, and so quiet that Castiel knew that only the two of them heard.
“You really have a way with words,” Cas grumbled playfully, making Dean frown in mock offence, not that Cas could actually see it.
“Dude, we could use you! You can’t just leech off of everyone and not put in any effort back.”
Before Dean could walk away again for good, Cas found something to say. “You don’t have to suffer alone, Dean. That’s the point of having friends.”
Dean was bewildered. “What? That sounds super gay, dude.”
[Late That Evening]
“Nah, I want to see him. We’ve got some things to talk about.”
Dean stood there a moment more, then looked away into nothing. His shoulders sagged, and the bags under his eyes looked darker than ever. Cas wondered if he got any sleep at all these days.
Suddenly Cas smirked bitterly. “I know exactly what you’re talking about. And I also know you’re full of shit.”
This time, Dean actually came stomping back. “I am not avoiding you! Okay? Look, I’m sorry you got your feelings hurt because we can’t be all buddy-buddy anymore, but that’s not my problem! If you haven’t noticed, the world is literally burning up around us, and I gotta stop it before everybody dies! These people are already counting on me to come up with some magical solution, and I got nothing! I am doing the best I can, because that’s all I can do. I lost my chance when I said no to Michael, and now I can’t get it back. How the hell am I supposed to beat the devil when I’m no friggin’ better than anyone else? Sam’s gone! Now I gotta kill him and Lucifer, and the only thing we think might be able to pull that off is the goddamn Colt, which hasn’t been seen in two years!”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Castiel pivoted in his chair as Dean walked past towards the door. “So you are avoiding me.”
Cas came the rest of the way into the room and pulled over the chair standing against the wall. Cas’s face was badly bruised, and his bottom lip was split badly. He looked like he’d tried to clean blood off of his face but hadn’t done a great job. His hair was dirty and messy, and his clothes were torn. He’d taken off his trench coat and tucked it under his arm.
