John hesitated for a moment, but in the end decided there was nothing much to loses, and the implications were vague.
John chuckled and kissed the inside of his knee before moving up and connecting their lips again. He pulled away slightly “I want you to tell me exactly what you want, and if it takes all day I'll wait” he continued to pepper the man's face in kisses until he answers.
John thought he was so clever. They had agreed to picture evidence that meant that William had to send him a picture of his face. Though sherlock was prepared for events like this.
It was late at night, later than any of them should have been up really. His father was piss drunk staring at the tv with glazed over eyes and his mom was putting the last of the leftovers away.
"That Tommy you hang around with is a faggot," He brought up a piece of steak to his mouth. Harris fork clattered on his plate. "He started flaunting it at school months ago, even gone an’ brainwashed another boy into becoming a fag too."
Mycroft got up the next day with plenty of time to spare before his piano lesson, so he took a long shower and sat on his balcony that overlooked the rolling English hills with a book. When the time came he pulled himself away from the book and dressed before heading to the lesson room. His piano lesson was enjoyable, as always, he was working on Elspark’s clair de lune which was pleasantly challenging. When he was done he had 15 minutes before he had to be in the gym area.
Sherlock didn't feel or hear anything for a moment and he began to get antsy, but then calloused hands spread his cheeks and a wet tough met his hole. He gasped and jerked forward, and John chuckled behind him. Sherlock was left gasping and writhing as John continued for the next 15 minutes. John pulled back and Sherlock let out a high whined, but John nipped at his lush bottom and he stopped.
They talked for a little while and Mycroft learned that Greg had crushed his leg in a car crash a year ago which had effectively ruined his up and coming career. He also learned that Greg had started at the police academy a few months back and had jumped at the chance to teach someone about a sport he loved as well as get some money for rent. After they were done talking Greg taught him the names of the equipment and how to properly hold the foil.
John spent the next two weeks working on the flat vigorously, but he found himself out of things that needed fixing within his capabilities. Mrs.Hudson knocked on the door when he had a cup of tea in his right hand and a book in his left
“Greg doesn’t like your input on his failed marriage, Sherlock, he wouldn’t have invited us if he didn’t want us to come. He could have just as easily not been invited, it is supposed to be Met personnel only after all.” John was picking up the dirty dishes scattered around the flat, however John avoided the coffee cup on his desk. He suspected it had to do with the placement of his sheet, because although from the front it concealed his modesty quite well from the other side someone might easily catch glimpses. It had been five months since John had walked in on him in the bath, and became aware that Sherlock was assigned female at birth. John didn’t make a habit of trying to catch him naked before, but ever since John had been overly cautious to preserve Sherlocks modesty, despite Sherlocks disregarded to do the same.
“Listen John I don’t know what Sherlock told you, but really I was just calling him out on his shit, like he does to everyone else” John fumed
He prepped Sherlock fast and easily with little pain. He rolled on the condom and slid in and both of their moans echoed around the room. Once John was fully settled he pulled back slowly before slamming back in. Sherlock howled in pleasure, and John set on a mission to find the other man's prostate which only took him three thrusts. He was drawing close so he grabbed Sherlock's leaking cock in hi hand and moved along with his thrusts.
I hope you enjoyed, i should have another one done before Monday, and just in case your interested i'm writing a phan thing because i don't think there's enough good phan on this site.
tell... anyone without your permission, okay” Sherlock nodded slightly and just stared. “Why would ya think that”. He had gotten so close to Sherlock that they could feel each other's breath, and Sherlock could smell the liquor wafting out of John's mouth, He winced. Perhaps he should have just asked.
“I’m not a baby Harry, and I’m not stupid, what's going on, why are you acting weird,” John demanded.
“I think maybe you should ask him” John nodded, and then just how drunk he was right now hit him and he was spinning. He hailed a cab and before he knew it he was back in baker street
Below the text was indeed a phone number, and John nearly lost his shit. He was angry with himself for not looking in his bag sooner.He wondered if William was anxiously awaiting his text, and decided it would be cruel of him to make him wait any longer.
“Such a good boy for telling me” John praised stroking his cheek and planting a few kisses on his mouth. “Now onto the sofa with you” Sherlock followed the instructions easily as John told him how to position himself. Sherlock ended with his ass in the air on his elbows and knees. His hands and for head rested on the armrest and his ass faced the currently empty another half of the sofa. “Now listen closely. You are not allowed to touch yourself, beg me to touch you, or come. Can you do that” Sherlock nodded?
“Yes well, it only took a little bit of jabbing to get him out the door '' Greg laughed and patted John’s back and they continued their boring conversation that Sherlock could care less about. What he did care about was the state of Gregs jeans, and as soon as John had left with the goal to get drinks.
“You should leave. I don't do relationships or morning after or any of that. You were an excellent lover, but I don't do this more than once with someone so you should just be on your way and forget about me” John was a little flabbergasted, but he didn’t really know the man and he didn't know if this was something he should have expected.
sherlock send and waited patiently for a response. It only took ten minutes for Sherlock's phone to buzz to life in his hand.
He started his lessons tomorrow and he wasn’t exactly happy about it. He had been informed before heading to bed that it would cut into his piano lessons. He layed in bed and thought about what his instruction would look like. Thirty-five or older surely, someone just outside of their prime clinging desperately to the idea that they could continue the sport. The doesn’t imagine they will get along well; his parents no doubt hired someone overqualified to teach a sport that he fully intended to treat as a hobby. He would be civil and try, but he knows it's something that he wouldn’t be looking forward to every day.
“Right, sure. Well, I have a broken nose to get set. Have fun in your class. You can chain my bike to the bench over there if you want.” He went to walk inside but sherlock stopped him.
John Watson had just moved into 221c. It wasn’t the best apartment in London, but it wasn’t the worst. The landlady was very sweet and rented it to him for cheap as he promised to fix it up a bit while he stayed. He wasn’t really ready to give up London, he probably wouldn’t ever be, but he didn’t have a job, and was currently living off of a very small army pention. He had looked around for some part time jobs, not necessarily even in the medical field, as his therapist had suggested that he become more acclimated into civilian lifestyle before he tries to get a long term job. He had come up short, however, well not really short, he had seen plenty of ads for part time jobs, but none of them had seemed good. They were mostly in the fast food industry looking for some first-time teens, and that was something he definitely was not.
He lost himself a little bit in the feeling, John would admit later, but after all; you don’t get to kiss the man you’ve been in love with for years all that often. So, it came as a small surprise when Sherlock pulled away slightly, to catch a much needed breath.
be nervous with the flat in the disarray that it is in now and him in even more disarray and nearly no preparations done whatsoever.
“He needs some time right now” Lestrade had actually planned on giving Sherlock the lecture he so very well deserved, but rejected the idea when he saw the shattered look on his face. It instantly reminded him of a dark time all these years ago; a time filled with struggles and pain and addiction and withdrawals. He had never again seen this amount of vulnerability in these blue-grey eyes. His anger melted a little bit. “C’mon.” he gently pushed Sherlock back into his office. He, surprisingly, wasn’t met with much of a resistance.
Clearly, he underestimated Rosie’s stubbornness. She fixated him with the stormy blue eyes of her mother and stuck her bottom lip out. “No” she mumbled behind the full-blown pout; crossed arms and everything.
Just when he thought he might blurt out something sentimentally and stupid, Sherlock himself called Lestrade over. The inspector crooked a questioning eyebrow in John’s direction to which the doctor replied with a shrug. He had a faint idea that it might involve the little bunnies Sherlock had been promising, but really couldn’t quite understand what the genius needed Lestrade for. John didn’t try to eavesdrop, but gathered that Greg was the chosen one to show Rosie the kits in the garden (had his mood been a bit better, he would have given a hearty laugh at Sherlock’s confident use of the name ‘Graham’ and Lestrade’s frustration about it).
He planned on telling Sherlock that there was still some hot water left. That he would wait here, while the detective got ready himself. That Sherlock did good today, that he was proud. That he didn’t mean to startle him with the peck.
This time, Sherlock didn’t even bother with controlling his expression. His lips formed into a pout. “I want to spend time with you”
John spend the whole cab ride home huddled against Sherlock’s side, not looking up once. Sherlock let him. The smaller man’s body was still taut like a string, buzzing with nervous energy. Sherlock gently massaged the soft patch between thumb and forefinger, until John’s hand wasn’t jerking anymore. He hummed a sound of appreciation which resonated deep within John.
"Stay with me?" he finally whispered, sounding small and vulnerable and devensive all at the same time. God, John had missed this voice!  "Please?" he added when John didn't respond right away.
John smiled, and it felt like the first honest smile he had given Sherlock in the last three months.
They hold a silent conversations solely through their actions. It’s nothing unusual, yet somehow, with all the little things John has noticed today thanks to the Fab 5, it feels much more intimate.
"Don't you language me, Mycroft-" Sherlock backed away from the door as if it suddenly set on fire. His face contracted in pure horror as he tried to process the momentarily rush of betrayal flooding his system. John was calling
John had been fuming on the whole way back to Baker Street. He knew Sherlock didn’t really mean it, but still, the so-called ‘sociopathy’ was no excuse for being an arse all the time. Alright. Most of the time. John continued to fume for around an hour; aimlessly pottering around the flat, cooking dinner angrily, eating with a tight smile in Rosie’s direction. His daughter, although she was only a little girl, sensed the sour mood her father was in and did all that she could to cheer him up (mostly making silly faces and surprising him with hugs; it worked better than John would ever admit). After he tucked Rosie in and she slept safe and very soundly in the nursery (formerly known as ‘John’s bedroom’), John sat down on the couch.
Obviously overwhelmed with this amount of affection directed at him, Sherlock buried his face against the soft cotton fabric of John’s t-shirt. The doctor was achingly hard now, but he’d be dammed if he broke the intensity of this moment (he would sneak out later, when Sherlock was fast asleep, to have an intense wank over the fucking erotic display he was blessed to witness that night). There was plenty of time for exploration of this new, exciting aspect of their relationship. He was content to just hold Sherlock, for now. Everything about them was fragile, but intoxicating, so fucking beautiful.
John almost chuckled. Really, for someone who dreadfully hated anyone stating the obvious, the statement was so sweetly un-Sherlock-like that John felt the urge to kiss him, just for the sweetness of it.
Everything is still so new and fresh and delicate. But, somehow, John feels like this- this right here- has been in the making for several years. That everything they went through ultimately lead to them being right here, next to each other, in the early hours in the morning.
The genius’ thoughts started whirling around yesterday’s attack, trying to find some logical connection between actually memories and panic-induced hallucinations.
Karamo’s surprise turned out to be a big one indeed. Somehow, he managed to dig a group of other fathers out of nowhere, who apparently meet regularly to either have playdates or- as Karma calls it- “Daddy Dates”, with planned activities like bowling or soccer. It’s one of those “Daddy Dates” that they crash, joining the guys for a few games of (slightly toned-down, because war injury and everything) rugby matches.
Now everybody at the Yard knew how pathetic he really was. How broken. Nobody would respect him after this. Hell, he didn’t even respect himself anymore.
There was no sound for some minutes, except for their uneven breathes- Sherlock’s slowing down, while John found himself breathing more and more heavier by the second.
He had read about the effects of alcoholic beverages on the memory. Maybe he should have ingested more, so he wouldn’t have to remember what an utter
“I don’t deserve you” he rumbled snakingly, voice dissolving in hurried breaths which made John question whether the younger man had started crying. Now, that would be another first.
was the worst that could happen. Maybe Sherlock was right. Maybe John Watson was an idiot, after all.
It was the most fucking beautiful thing he had ever witnessed. The cock underneath his hand jumped violently, soaking the fabric of Sherlock’s underwear with long, hot robes of come. John shuddered, when he felt some of the warm wetness seep through the boxer shorts, lightly dampening his palm. He rotated his hand gently, prolonging the pleasure, until was his friend hissing from oversensitivity, lying boneless against the pillows.
While they sail off to chartered waters, Sherlock recognized the cluster of freckles underneath his brother’s left elbow, that looked like a constellation and he felt a deep sense of happiness that it was still
Ps: Please leave a comment and kudos; let me know how you enjoy this story so far. I already have a pretty straight plan where I want to go with it; and I'm happy for every single one who's joining on the way.
Talking with another parent about the struggles he faces settles John’s anxiety about the whole thing a tiny little bit. He had, time and time again, vowed himself to talk with Greg about it- because Greg isn’t only single-handedly the best father John knows, but also his best mate- but had never brought up the courage to do so. It’s easier when the other person doesn’t know the pre-parenthood you. Paradoxically, he feels like Greg knows him almost too well, that he can’t really open up to him about his insecurities. He tells Karamo as much and the culture expert wholeheartedly agrees, before smiling to himself.
Relief overcame him when he finally heard John's voice again, soothing and soft. "Breathe, Sherlock. I'm here, it's okay. Just breathe"
John doesn’t know why, but he feels flustered and giddy at the compliment. Tan is a drop-dead gorgeous man, himself, yet somehow the approving words feel genuine. Like he’s not just saying that.
Darkness had settled over the woods and the four men were all huddled in blankets around the campfire. It was a mild night, the blankets more for the comfort than anything else, while they were roasting marshmallows over the fire.
“You’re pretty full, buddy” the barkeeper said, while giving John a pointed look. The doctor knew instantly that the barkeeper hadn’t really been flirting with Sherlock, but that only flared his anger more. Sherlock was downright forcing it to piss him off. And it worked. Spectacularly well.
Greg read the message again and couldn’t ignore the giddy feeling it was giving him in the pit of his stomach. Maybe… Sherlock was right. Maybe making a move wasn’t the worst idea.
Mycroft grumbled about being pushed around by deceiving partners but complied; leaning forward and giving his boyfriend a quick kiss against his stubble.
“THE Sherlock Holmes?!” Tan’s so excited, he almost runs over a granny at the zebra crossing (luckily, the camera didn’t catch that).
He only says it around Sherlock, though. Another, far worse, thought enters his mind: What if he hurt
. Did he always sound like such an insensitive prick when he said that? He did never notice. Without wanting to, he imagines that he might have hurt someone’s feelings with throwing this sentence around so carelessly (he prays that he didn’t offend Jonathan or Bobby- they’re helping him, after all).
This proposition held approximately 20 seconds more, until the army doctor gently patted him on the back, and Sherlock found himself
A short pause, where John held his breath and hoped that he didn't push his luck too far (he was talking to Sherlock about sentiment, after all). Finally, his friend gave the slightest of nods and buried his face even further out of sight. Sensing the return of the discomfort, John soothingly caressed the silky fabric of Sherlock's favorite dressing gown.
This wasn’t about doubting the attraction that formed between them, this was about trust. John didn’t know anything about Sherlock’s past experience, but placed an intelligent guess that there was next to nothing. Had the detective ever been kissed? Touched intimately? Let himself go enough to just… feel?
Either way, excited energy buzzes around in his system and radiates off him while he talks to Sherlock about his day (he just can’t stop talking; a sheer contrast to yesterday’s quietness. But he feels different today; differently happy).
Irene’s sharp gaze gave her a once over as she grabbed Molly’s elbow and pulled her inside. Before Molly could say anything, Irene had sat her down on a stool in front of a mirror and was gathering brushes.
“Hmm, that’s good, right?” John coughed, turning away from the gray cloud of smoke forming around them. A guilty expression flicked across Sherlock’s face and he quickly tossed his cigarette to the ground, stamping it out with the heel of his expensive, polished shoes.
“Bye.” Greg hung up the phone, the goofy grin that always followed a conversation with Mycroft spread across his face.
“Would anyone even care,” Jim pondered, changing the subject completely, snatching his assistant’s arm, digging his long fingernails into his skin. “If I were to jump out of this helicopter?”
John leapt off of the table and ducked under, folding into himself, trying to be as small and unnoticeable as possible.
to work out. As soon as you’re eighteen and I have enough money to move out, we’ll go to London. No one will stop us.”
“Do you really think that we’ll be able to keep up this charade for that long? Someone will find out eventually.”
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “Sherlock? What is this? I don’t usually like men, no, but you know I love you.”
The smile that Mycroft wore and Sherlock returned said it all. It was a smile of love and happiness and pride.
“Because your brother works his arse off getting rights for couples like us and I’ve spent over forty years in the closet and Mrs. Hudson makes us tea and biscuits every day so it would be pretty rude to tell her no. She’s even offered to drive us.” John’s eyes sparkled at the thought of riding in Mrs. Hudson’s Aston Martin.
John jogged up to them, placing a hand on Sherlock’s upper back. Greg’s eyes widened slightly. He knew they were going out, but it was going to take a while to adjust to such casual displays of affection. Sherlock relaxed a bit at John’s touch.
The door opened to reveal Irene, standing ever so proudly, in a tight rainbow-sequined top that was hardly long enough to be called a shirt, exposing her entire midriff. Below that, she was wearing black leggings flecked with rainbow sparkles and daring tall black boots that went up to just below her knees.
“Can you let me in, my dad kicked me out again” This wasn’t a rare occurrence, at least once a month Irene would come to his house with suitcase and a smile because her dad though he could throw her out the house when ever she didn’t do exactly what he wanted. It happened so often that Mrs.hudson kept the guest bedroom across the hall from sherlock's  prepared for the often unexpected guest.
He went to walk to his normal seat, but then his eye caught something familiar, the head of untamed curls from earlier that day. Sherlock was sitting alone at his table, with no food or any other person around. He took a detour and sat down next to Sherlock who was watching him with calculating eyes.
The next thing John knew he was being pulled into the flat by his shirt and being pushed up against the back of the door to close it as Sherlock's lips connected hot and heavy with his. John moaned and looped his hands around Sherlock's neck with his fingers card through the shorter curls and the back of his neck. Sherlock’s hand stayed on his chest rubbing up and down and eventually slipping under John’s shirt.
It took a week for John to feel like he was going crazy. He had read through all of his books some of them twice. Start and failed and making the blog his therapist suggested three times, and the flickering light in the bathroom grew tempting. This was ridiculous, he was a grown man who could face someone he slept with. He would just knock on the door and tell him that Mrs.Hudson had ,sent him to fix up some holes in the wall.
After another minute of emotional cuddling, John pulled away, wiped around at his eyes and let out a shaky sigh.
“Don’t ‘babe’ me,” the politician hissed, “I’m an influential man who could ruin your career by the snap of his finger! This is infuriating! Not only am I pressured- pressured, you hear!- to spend my weekend
) were immediately ingrained on his hard drive. He’d probably never get rid of the sight of John Watson-
Then John would appear in the kitchen, and make tea, and tell Sherlock about his schedule in the surgery. He’d talk, and shove some toast in Sherlock’s face, and then he’d leave for the day. He never realized the melancholy in the detective’s expression.
Sighing, he finally laid down, since he had to get up early in the morning. He swallowed the lump in his throat and gave Sherlock a small kiss against the sleep-warm lips.
with someone like him. The problem was, that he let himself become attached to their new intimacy; found himself more often than not pulled to bed, not because he was tired, but because John was there; he found himself noticing small intimate things about the doctor, like the small snores he made when sleeping on his stomach, or the roughness of his voice right after waking up; he found himself wishing that they would also share this closeness in the day light, because every morning felt like a reset to the way they used to behave around each other.
The detective’s stomach constricted painfully. John shouldn’t feel guilty, because of him. He shouldn’t feel ashamed of himself, because of him. The doctor shouldn’t downgrade himself, because of him.
Because really, one must admit defeat when it’s inevitable. He wasn’t built for relationships. He had been
‘I’m fine’ the doctor wanted to answer, deeply mortified that his friend and half a dozen other Yarders saw him
“You don’t know half of it” John grinned, before making the decision to turn his phone off. Sherlock could deal a couple of minutes on his own.
“I’m sleepy” John had to smile; the simple choice of words a dead give-away that Sherlock was almost asleep already.
“I don’t want a fucking coffee. You might be incredibly stupid, but even your attention spawn can’t be so short that-“
“I’m sorry”. Instead of commenting, the detective leaned down and place his lips against the doctor’s. It was the first kiss they shared in days, and a strange sense of relive and security washed over John. A feeling so strong and intense that it almost overwhelmed him.
Maybe, he thought to himself when the sun started to rise over London’s rooftops, he was in love with John Watson. Not that he’d ever do something about it. The chance that his feelings would be reciprocated was non-existent at this point. Maybe things would have been different if he hadn’t faked his death. But he did. It seemed like John was million miles away sometimes, without any chance to connect to him. The thought made him inexplicably sad.
Music. One of his many escapes- clearly less destructive than some of his other habits. This, however. This wasn’t about running away. Not anymore. After Mycroft had helped him (a sentence so foreign, even in his mind), a weight slowly had been lifted his chest. Like a coil, slowly loosening its deadly grip around his mind. He understood. Himself. His past. His… urges, and needs, and...
Something needed to change, they needed to finally be honest with each other, otherwise the fragile bond between them was just bound to break sooner or later. John sighed, feeling drained.
A sound John would deny for the rest of his days left him when Sherlock mumbled reassuring things in a tone as sweet and soft as honey. Little nothings the Sherlock from many years ago wouldn’t have bothered with- but this Sherlock knew, this Sherlock understood; this Sherlock was eager to give John what he needed to be happy. Sentiment, you curious thing.
“Woah, easy there!” the doctor yelped, almost losing his footing while he tried to keep his balance. “Sherlock-hey!- Sherlock, hold on!”
“Sherlock” John said in his low, dangerous voice. “He will visit and we’ll express our gratitude. This man has put up with your bullshit since you were born, and
Now, a sleeping Sherlock was a rare, but wonderful sight to behold. Endless limps tangled ungracefully between crumpled sheets, dark curls were sprayed all over the pillow (and their owner's face). They had increased almost ridiculously in length over the past months, now gingerly touching the young man's shoulders and neck. Although he liked to tease his companion about it, John secretly liked them that way. If only they weren't so damn tempting to just run your fingers through them all the time! A small bead of spit was forming right underneath the softly snoring mouth of the world's only consulting detective. In contrary to his controlled conscious self, Sherlock was a messy sleeper. John
The doctor somehow felt in the pit of his stomach (and he believed his gut feelings to be accurate, despite of Sherlock's dismissive comments about bowl movements and superstition) that he had to call Mycroft to invite him over. To thank him, maybe. John wanted to laugh at the sheer ridiculousness of the notion. Not in a million years he had thought himself to ever be in the position to not only actively call Mycroft Holmes, but more over to thank him for his thoughtful services. He must have gone completely bonkers. But....it felt right, right? John shook his head at himself. Even
Later, he would shake his head about the old sob he could become when he grew eager for some alone time with his partner. But in this very moment, John was so immensely grateful that Sherlock understood him and accepted him the way he was; unconditionally, easily, loving; without doubting his abilities as a father and doctor, never questioning his strength even though in his moments of vulnerability; looking past the broken façade to see the person inside.
This one's kinda short, sorry about that! I'll try to not keep you waiting this long for the next chapter.
The genius stopped abruptly in the doorframe, suddenly sheepish and shy; with his cheeks flushed rosy from running and his hair mussed from running his hands through it in a jerky fashion. The doctor faced the door, but stayed in his sitting position, just eying his partner over for a long minute. Sherlock’s chest heaved heavily with effort, his whole frame radiating nervous energy. The silence stretched awkwardly, neither of them knowing where to begin or how.
“Can you give me a moment?” John mumbled, his voice exhausted and muffled by his palms. Numbly, Sherlock reached for the doorknob without turning around, without leaving his best friends hunched over-
It is tempting to talk to Antoni about his maybe crush on Sherlock (which, he has to admit, definitely exists) in the comfort of Mrs. Hudson’s cozy kitchen. Instead, he blurts out: “I didn’t mean to upset Bobby yesterday.”
By the time he hung up his coat with trembling hands, he was sure he had lost his mind. To overplay the violent flips his stomach was performing, he went into the kitchen to make tea, for tea seemed appropriate to soothe his nerves. He threw two teabags into two mugs angrily, while the kettle beeped at him.
Thank you guys eversomuch for your patience and for sticking with this fic and for reading, and kudo-ing (?) and commenting and and and! <3
They never officially outed their relationship, but made no efforts to hide it, either. There was a sense of silent acceptance of the new shift in their dynamics, although some voices (always the same old voices) obviously thought it had been more of a joke when John once told Lestrade that Sherlock was helping a great deal with Rosie’s upbringing. On a good day John didn’t give two fucks about their opinion about his private life. Unfortunately, today wasn’t a good day.
He tries to overplay the thing he suddenly feels with humor: “I’m pleased to inform you that we have found suitable replacements for my jumpers.” After a heartbeat he adds “And they’re
The moment John’s warm palm pressed gently against his clothed erection, something inside of him exploded. Unable to stop or control it, he let out a long moan, all muscles in his body going rigid, and a violent orgasm washed over him.
a look for that?). Sherlock, having regained some of his usual attitude, stared back at him challenging. John smirked at the expression in his detective’s face, usually reserved for really complicated puzzles. John sighed, more to himself, and mentally prepared himself for his next step.
Yet, he was so very much fond of John Watson. And his affection. And his touches. It should worry him far more than it did. Something shifted in their dynamics, subtle at first, but slowly impossible to ignore. The doctor skillfully coaxed him out from behind the walls he carefully built around himself, and Sherlock felt…. relived about it. John saw him. His experiments. His intellect. His quirks. His vulnerability. He saw this whole mess that composed Sherlock Holmes, and… smiled. John Watson was too good for this world. And
Greg thanked her and went to stand awkwardly in Mycroft’s grand living room. It was hardly five minutes later when Mycroft emerged from the staircase.
“No?” John’s wide grey-blue eyes looked so innocent, Sherlock couldn’t help planting a kiss firmly on his perfect strawberry lips.
Mycroft sighed, muttering something about his younger brother’s temper, then said, “Six months this Friday.”
“Sherlock!” John called after him. “Sorry,” He apologized as he brushed past Irene and Molly, hurrying to catch up with his boyfriend.
and who knows if they would be okay with that, I know your parents wouldn’t, but I’m a disappointment compared to Mycroft. He’s going to end up-- he already is-- an extremely rich and politically powerful man wears nice suits and only eats the cake that his pathetic little brother gives him. I’m going to end up dead from a drug overdose in some alleyway and they won’t find my body until a week later.” Tears were now streaming freely down his pale face. “I am a
Sherlocked blushed, looking briefly at his brother. Their eyes met. Neither one of them had ever thought that they had a chance at love. They had both made their peace with solidarity long ago. And now, to think that not one but
Irene rolled her eyes. “Oh, please. Sherlock prefers to not be with women. Now, don’t tell me you’re jealous. You said you were over him!”
“What’s the matter?” John asked in a low voice. He followed Sherlock’s gaze, his jaw dropping in surprise. His eyes landed on a couple with their backs turned. “That’s not… is that your brother?”
“You were so insistent that you were absolutely not gay, so much so that one would have thought that you had no tendencies towards men at all.”
“Inspector Lestrade!” She greeted. “Mr. Holmes is in his room. He’ll be out in a minute. Come on in.”
Irene stepped back to admire her work. Then, she tugged on one of Molly’s braids, smiling. “Come on. We don’t want to miss the parade.”
Sherlock’s mom pulled the door leading to the balcony open, wearing a nightie and hair in brightly coloured curlers. “What in
. I’ve known all along, of course, but you would never admit it. I’m so relieved to finally see you two going public.”
Jim pulled an earbud out of one ear. “All the little people, below us. They will find any cause to celebrate. It’s a tad boring after a while, isn’t it?
Sebastian grit his teeth, glancing down at his arm. This was going to leave marks. “Is that what you’re thinking about right now?” He asked, his tone nonchalant. Jim had a tendency of being casually suicidal, but hardly followed through on his plans. Besides, if he were to really do it, Sebastian reckons it wouldn’t be something as mundane as jumping into a pride parade. He would want to bring someone down with him, go out with a bang. His death would be just one small part of a large game he had thought up, because that’s all life was to him; a great game, filled with lots of pieces, people, waiting for the command to move.
“Is that so? Because then, there I was, professing my love for you and between Mrs. Hudson’s persistence that we were in fact dating and my own confessions, that’s a lot of pressure on you to return the same feelings for me.”
Jim smirked, pushing his fingers down harder, watching Sebastian wince. “Oh, it’s what I’m always thinking about.”
“Well,” Mycroft said. “I suppose you have been a little…” He nodded in John’s direction. “Distracted.”
Greg beamed with pride, looking out at all the people, celebrating their sexuality. He squeezed Mycroft’s hand. “They can all get married, now,” He said softly, “because of you.”
“What? Yes, of course. Fairly obvious, I should thi-” Sherlock sharply cut off, staring over their heads at something behind them. “
A long silence stretched between them. The murky shadows that haunted Jim’s eyes left Sebastian feeling sick.
Jim pressed his face to the window of his helicopter, Queen blaring in his earbuds. Below him, people marched and shouted and sang, waving their rainbow flags through the air. “They’re so funny.” He murmured, mostly to himself.
Greg rang the doorbell once. A maid, the one that worked during the second half of the day, opened the door.
Sebastian nodded slowly. Jim wouldn’t actually do it, would he? Kill himself? Leave Sebastian alone in this world, with no one to answer to? Jim was a rubbish commander and an even worse boyfriend, but Sebastian loved him all the same. Their relationship was anything but a healthy one, but when it came down to it, they would both kill for each other, in fact, they had already. And they would both die for each other. Though, Jim would die for anything. Jim would die for fun. And nothing else mattered, did it? As long as Sebastian knew that there was some form of compassion underneath all the darkness, it didn’t matter what he did to him, what Sebastian let him do. “I would care.” Sebastian said honestly, answering his earlier question.
The next thirty minutes were a blur tapping feet and signing paperwork and a whole lot of watching the minutes tick by on the clock.
The couple walked, hand in hand, towards the people, waving rainbow flags, men kissing men, women kissing women. John glanced up to see Sherlock looking rather astonished.
They started on forward once more, fingers intertwined, quickly swallowed into a sea of smiles and rainbows.
John snorted. “What, in London?” He motioned to the rainbow coloured men. “Nah, if it starts raining, they’ll be miserable.”
Sherlock turned to look at him, the corner of his mouth quirking slightly upwards. He let his cigarette hang limply between his teeth as he came to sit next to John, his feet planted firmly on the ground. John had always envied Sherlock’s height; so many sports he could have mastered in, yet he chose to sit in the corner with a science textbook that was several grades ahead. Meanwhile, John was struggling to look intimidating as the other children towered over him.
Jim laughed, though it wasn’t a happy laugh. It was a laugh that sang with darkness, with pain, with complete and utter
Greg chuckled a little at his professional tone, pressing the phone to his cheek. “Should be done in half an hour. Then I’ll take a cab to your place?”
it when Sherlock spoke. His voice carried so much knowledge, even if he was just ranting about his sorry excuse for parents.
“Huh.” Greg hoped the said “amiability” extended to not being a total pain in the arse while working cases. “Did you tell him about us?”
John lowered himself over the edge of his balcony, dropping down just over a foot, before landing steadily on the small table that sat on the porch of the flat below his. The scrawny, curly-haired teen was already there, taking long drags from his cigarette, staring out into the night sky.
Sherlock looked surprised. “Money is what’s keeping you here? Dammit, John! I’ll give you money! Go, leave!”
John looked up at his date. “Three months for us. Sherlock, I suppose you’d have deduced it by now?”
“It’d hurt, wouldn’t it?” Sebastian tried to engage Jim in conversation, hoping he would release his arm. “The fall?”
Greg laughed. “Ah, yes, so the entirety of Scotland Yard can see me get into a shiny black limo that my incredibly posh boyfriend sent.”
Sherlock wrenched his hand away from John, swiping at the tears falling from his eyes. “You know that we won’t last, John.”
.” She gritted her teeth, trying to work a comb through Molly’s mousy brown hair. “How do you deal with this? It’s so
Mrs. Holmes wheeled around to face him. “Idiot child.” She snarled. “Your brother wouldn’t destroy his lungs. He is intelligent enough to know not to take that risk.”
John reached out and pulled Sherlock into his chest. “No one’s going to find out.” He murmured into Sherlock’s fluffy black locks. Sherlock nuzzled in closer, throwing his arms around John’s waist. “It’s going to be okay. We’ll make it through this.” John sighed, stroking Sherlock’s hair. “We’ll make it through this.”
“I don’t mind staying. I love my parents and they’ll love me so long as they don’t find out. Even if they did find out, I’m sure Harry wouldn’t mind letting me stay with her and her girlfriend, at least for a bit.”
John couldn’t help but notice the red rim around Sherlock’s icy blue eyes, and that the boy looked a bit thinner than last time. “Has Mycroft been giving you trouble?” John asked softly as Sherlock puffed, causing smoke to go everywhere. John used to reprimand him for the smoking, but when he learned what Sherlock’s home life could be, he stopped. Not like John had it perfect or anything, no, his own parents were homophobic arseholes and Harry was always either out drinking or sleeping at her girlfriend Clara’s house. Practically moved in there. But Sherlock, well, he had to deal with a lot worse.
John tugged Sherlock’s hand, trying to pull him into the heart of the parade, but Sherlock remained still. “Come on, then.”
Ninety minutes later, Molly was wearing her hair in two small braids, a green cardigan over a white lace shirt that was tucked into her jeans (the same ones she had on before, but looked much nicer with the shirt), and a makeup job fit for a princess. Irene was really a brilliant artist when it came to faces. She had stayed true to Molly’s quiet, subtle nature and had used light pink lipstick, instead of her usual blood red. Her eyes were so intricately done, Molly was afraid to blink, for fear of messing it up. Her lashes were beautifully curled and on each eyelid, a pattern of pink, yellow, and blue blended into each other, matching the pin that was now clipped onto the cardigan, just below the collar.
are you doing out here?” She grabbed Sherlock’s small wrist and yanked him inside. She gasped, and for a moment, John thought she had spotted him. “William Sherlock Scott Holmes, are those
Sherlock stared. Then, the whisper of a grin began to form on his lips. “What am I saying?” He rubbed his hands together. “This is brilliant. Now Mycroft can remove the remaining legal barriers that are preventing me from examining any evidence. He wouldn’t want his
John pulled a few inches away, still close enough to softly breathe, “God, I love you so much,” against Sherlock’s face, too quiet for Mrs. Hudson to hear.
Jim tapped the driver on the shoulder. “Land here, please. I need to speak to a detective. I have a… a case.” The smile that lit up Jim’s face sent chills through Sebastian’s body. He suddenly felt very, very afraid for Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson.
“Let’s go get something then” He father breathed in her face and John could see the subtle recoil from the no doubt strong liquor smell coming from his breathing.
“John, I think maybe we should just go home and sort this all out in the morning, and while I appreciate you trying to save me I am no damsel in distress.” Sherlock’s cheeks were rosy from either the alcohol or the cold, John couldn't tell. But what he could see was the way Sherlock hunched slightly to concave his chest more than it already was. He saw the way his jaw was set just slightly tensed to make it sharper. He saw the insecurities that Greg had reestablished and he couldn’t let that sit until tomorrow, he was bound and determined to knock some sense into his friend even if it meant literally knocking some sense into him.
“But’ John started “do you feel like a boy?” John asked and Harry paused to look at him before slowly crocking out “no”
“You think ‘e’s manipulatin’ people into believing some kind of lie or something. Well I hate to break it to you
A very naked Sherlock was laid out across his bed with a sheet placed poorly over what he can only assume is an impressive erection.
“What a good boy” He said and saw the color rushed to Sherlock's cheeks “oh do you like being a good boy” Sherlock nodded slowly and John smiled “While how about you be a really good boy and fetch me some lube and a condom” He pecked his cheek and backed off letting him complete his task. Sherlock shifted slightly to the side pulling open the bedside drawer retrieving a bottle of lube before closing it and handing it off to John without looking into his eyes. He looked down at his hand and back at Sherlock
“John, I misread the situation, we should go… I, we need to go.” And then Sherlock walked away, well more like fleed. They both stared after him
“Y-Yeah” Sherlock’s voice cracked and he could feel the blush spread across his face. At this moment Sherlock was very happy that John couldn’t see him.
“As you should be,” Irene replied without breaking the eye contact she held with Sherlock. John heard a quiet thud from under the table and Irene hissed, and jerked back.
He stomped up the stairs angrily, lifting the rubber but of his cane to hit the step instead of his foot to present any unneeded pain. He knocked on the door and waited. When no one answered he knocked again because he knew Sherlock was in there. The door swung open
“What on friday nights I’m allowed to go out and try and pull, It’s not as easy as you’d think, you’ve gotta romance people a bit, take um on a coupl’a dates”
“What all did he tell you?”Sherlock was looking at his hands now. John assumed the alcohol was preventing him from putting up all of his walls. This might actually be good for them a chance to talk without Sherlock retreating into an emotionless shield.
They hugged and Harry left, He did see her at school sometimes, and she did give him her address, but Harry graduated a semester early, and they saw each other less and less. By the time John was getting ready to start university, Harry had a pretty bad partying problem. Their father died, neither of them went to the funeral. John was busy with school and she was busy getting drunk. She had started hormones as soon as she turned 18, and she was starting to look a lot more like the person he had always seen his sister as. They meet in person for the first time in months the night before he deployed. She wasn’t drunk but she also was sober. She cried about not being able to afford surgery and John comforted her. The morning before he left he sent her a check with all the money he had in his saving on it. Part of him thought he was never coming back, he was almost right.
John Froze on the other side of the computer and for a moment Sherlock had though the video had cut out for some reason, but then he saw John's whole chest and neck go red. It slowly crept to his cheeks and sherlock watched as it made its journey.
“I’ve seen your search history John, which you could do to clear every now and again by the way it makes it run slow” John blushed
He moved on to the sink. He hoped that the problem was with the p-trap because if it wasn’t then he was going to have to find a way to get to the roof to fix it. Luckily that was just the problem, He took the p-trap and looked inside the pipe to find another smaller condensed ball of chestnut curls. He used the end of his wrench to push the clump into the trash before pushing himself off the ground and grabbing his cane that he had propped up against the wall before going to work. He stepped out into the hall walking the way he had come. He went through the kitchen, and poked his head into the living room, and saw no sign of Sherlock. He had noticed a door at the end of the hall, so he walked back and tapped on it softly. He assumed it was a bedroom, and based on the one man concerts the man out in at 3 am he probably slept during the day, and didn’t want to wake the man.
“Did you tell Lestrade?” Sherlock had maybe had a little too much for himself and alcohol did make his lips so regretfully loss
“My parents aren’t cool with the whole gay thing, so I don’t think telling them would end well for me,” Harry said and glanced over at his friend Tommy briefly.
“Yes,” He replied simply raising his hand “Hello…” He paused realizing he didn't know the other man’s name, but his hand was quickly gripped and shock strongly
John sat at the table pushing his food around his plate, he never liked when Harry got in trouble, but this time seemed odd, he fought a little too hard about the hair cut, and there was a little to much pain hidden under Harry’s complaints. While he pushed his mashed potatoes back into a small mound he jumped as his father slammed his glass back on the table
“Gregory” Mycroft corrected him unconsciously while he looked over at the clock to see that it was indeed 7:30, he also noticed the heavy rain outside the window.
I wont post this often usually, but i had the time to finish this chapter. GSA-Gay Straight Alliance
When Harry saw him he dropped the lipstick he was putting on and stand in shock for a moment. When he came back to himself he quickly pulled the tank top down to sit like in normally would and scrubbed his face with his hands. Before running over to the door and shutting it as fast as he could without slamming it.
“Of course how could I be so oblivious.” Irene chuckled. “So, are either of us planning on sleeping, or are we going to work on Williams newest predictions.” Irene moved to put her bag in the room and take out the computer that was in the front pouch. She had already guessed that they would begin working because of the state of Sherlock's hair, and her knowledge of his sleeping schedule, or rather his lack there of.
“Don’t look so upset John, we’ll just have to find the bloke” Greg was the only one who knows about John’s little crushed and he would like to keep it that way. But before he could yell at Greg the teacher called their attention to the front. After a small rant about William’s article and their destruction of the learning environment, the lesson finally began. John made himself pay attention as best he could, but his mind kept drifting back to the letter, and why William had chosen now to confront him. He couldn’t take his mind off the differences between the letter, and the article. The articles were much more lighthearted. The letter was speedy, spitting one deduction after the other without the simplest explanation. The article always had how he had come to the conclusion usually started off with a Joke or some banter. The letter was a sensory overload, it was… brilliant, and exciting, so much faster than the article. So much better
“What are you getting at here?” Greg's tone said he shouldn't push it but Sherlock disregarded the underlying threat.
Mycroft enjoyed many of his after-school tasks, but there were a few that he prefered to the rest. His piano lessons were always a nice beginning to the day, and he never had a problem with the teachers that his parents hired for him, other than their incompetence that is, but he could glance over that. He didn’t particularly like the sport or any sport, but it was his only option to get out of his horrendous P.E class. Team sports were out of the question, as well as anything that involved him taking his shirt off. He had tried to convince his parents to let him play frisbee golf. It sounded stupid but it was more desirable than something like weightlifting. His parents had seen what he was trying to do and threatened to put him in football if he didn't make up his mind soon, so he went with the first acceptable option that came to his mind; fencing.
The stairs were treacherous but by the time he made it to the top he found Sherlock sitting in his chair. He would say at this point he is much more drunk then he ever intended to get again in his entire life.
Harry stayed for another month, all most every day their father harassed her, and in turn John for accepting her. One night John woke up to a gentle shake to his shoulder. It was Harry
“I’m gonna go stay with Oliver until I get on my feet, I just wanted to let you know so you didn’t worry.”
“Well, hello Greg, where would you like to begin?” He looked around the room and saw the equipment his parents had purchased in the corner, and then back to his new instructor.
“Child's play really. You’ve got a bag ready for school. Obviously too old for sixth form, 20 I'd say give or take. Your walking so your university is nearby and the only one in a three-mile radius is a medical school about 5 minutes away from where I hit you. Now narrowing done the medical fields is where it gets a little tricky, but you know a break when you see one so that knocks a few out. That as well as the school's course choice it leaves two options. Physician or surgeon. It’s a shame, though, those steady hands would have made you one of the best no doubt.” John had to remind himself to close his mouth.
“Your father’s in a good mood dear, try not to change that” She whispered to him, and at that moment John hated her.
"No, well yes, they can't know Tommy was here, but you also can't tell them Tommy is gay okay, you can't even tell them you know what it means, okay?"
John just nodded in response. “Am I still doing this” She gestured to the egg hovering over his head.
When he got to Harry’s room he didn’t even think to knock, but he wishes he had once he opened it. Harry stood in front of the mirror that was on the inside of his closet door. He was carefully applying a bright red lipstick to top of the raccoon eye shadow, his hair was half up in a ponytail with little pieces in the front framing his face. He had his tank top folded so half of his belly was exposed and his tighter pair of black pants with one of his flannels tied around his waist.
Their father scoffed “You have a dick, or have you forgotten” the statement was punctuated by a swift kick to the groined and Harry curled in on herself
“Right, Sherlock. Well I just- that thing you did back there that was amazing, and I had a nice time. I wasn’t going to ask before for obvious reasons but now. I was wondering if I could get your number so that we could go out sometimes, on a date or something.” John was sure he was blushing, but he didn’t mind it too much. Sherlock looked shocked, and John was sure that the mess of curls on top of his head was hiding the red ears he swears he caught a glimpse of.
“John, I can’t, I can’t I'm gonna, gonna” Sherlock cut himself off with a groan in response to John grabbing the base of his cock tightly to prevent an orgasm. The groan tapered off into a whimper and John let go.
“That was amazing, absolutely amazing. My Mother's not dead, as far as I know, but still amazing.” John chuckled in disbelief.
“No, Sherlock, He’s a fuckin’ bigot’s what ‘e is, and I don’t care if you told ‘im his mother was a whore, no one should say that shit abou’ you, abou’ anyone.” Sherlock was holding onto Johns shoulder
“Please,’ he whimpered finally as John sucked harshly on his thigh with his nose brushing against he drew up balls. John stopped and looked up with lust blown eyes.
Harry had started letting his hair get shaggy and every time their dad mentioned getting it cut Harry came up with an excuse. ‘The girls like it shaggy dad’ ‘it’s the new thing’ ‘I don’t have time with school and football’. It wasn’t until the hair got so long it was passed his shoulders that his father made his brother get a haircut, and thought they only took 2 inches off, Harry still moaned and whined until their father smacked him upside the head a little too hard and was sent to his room without dinner.
True to his word John had a cab there an hour and a half later and Sherlock emerged just as John was about to shout for him. He wore his purple shirt and made everyone stare and tight black slacks with a slight noticeable bulge in the front.
The pub was pretty full, mostly yard members and a few pedestrians who didn’t know what was happening. John waved to Greg when they got through the door and he made his way through the crowd.
“No i”d stay you have a broken nose, Here let me help you up.” John offered his hand but was waved off. The stranger attempted to get up on his own but without both hands, it was a bit of a struggle. After getting halfway off the ground the boy stumbled back and John was quick to catch him before he could fall and do any more damage.
"That's what he is son. A fairy, a fag, a sissy. I'll not have my son around his type. He'll rub off on you. I don't want to hear you've been talking to him. Do you understand son?" There was silence "answer me" he yelled
a lot longer to process what had just happened than he was proud to admit  “I need you to promise me you won’ tell anyone about anything I said out here okay. I need you to tell me you won't speak a word to anyone or I'll kill ya, alright.”
Sherlock though, he could see Sherlock. When he thought about Sherlock he could picture him, and when he thought about William it was just a rough silhouette of about half the male population. John spent some time comparing and contrasting the two, he thought about his urge to run his hands through sherlock's hair to see if it was as soft as he thought it was. Thought about what it would be like to hear William’s voice speak the words he read. Until finally he managed to fall into a dreamless slumber.
“We aren't discussing Greg’s love life, we’re talking about the party that we will be attending tonight whether we think we should or not.”
Irene sighed, “you should really stop treating that poor old lady as your maid, she is here to cook for you, that’s all, and you have her running around doing laundry and making up rooms for guests that aren't even here’ Irene followed him to her usual room and stopped outside  the door
“Thought I'd bring some cookies since you’ve been working so hard the past couple of weeks” John smiled up at her and took the cookies and set them on the kitchen counter
“What’s a gay?” Harry choked at that, and Tommy started laughing. John just looked up at both of them with big round eyes.
“Did you gemme drunk?” John had managed to stumble over to Sherlock where he was sitting in a both in the corner and slur out his words.
It felt weird knowing that john couldn’t see him but he could see John. Almost like he was a stalker, but the pry knew, and dare he say show off for him.
“He works the night shift Johnny, He’ll be there till morning, silly boy.” His mother ruffled his hair as she walked by.
“Don’t know what? I have no idea what you are talking about, but I thought we were talking about the fact that Sherlock is trying to convince everyone you're dating so that he can have you all to himself.” John blink, and took a steady breath in
Now was the perfect time to redraw the line between himself and William. The perfect time to forget about the perfect, rugby playing John and immersed himself into his experiments and course studies. He would be going to college after this year and school was coming to an end faster than he had expected.
“Why is it so shocking that I could suggest such an arrangement? People do all the time, Friends with benefits I believe” Johns head was not capable of computing the situation in its current state and drifted far too quickly into what might happen between them in that sort of arrangement, Johns mind was nothing if not thorough about the aspects of the human body.
Little did Sherlock know John was flushing on the other end of the phone, at the thought of playing such a flirtatious game.
It’s Monday morning and Sherlock has decided he can’t do it. He was insane to convince himself that he would be able to face John. He was frugal and he knew that. He couldn't risk that fact becoming common knowledge in the school. He wished that he hadn't calculated the odds in his head. He wishes he didn't know what slim chance he actually had of John recuperating his feelings. He knew that John was interested in William, in what way, however, he was oblivious. He had only ever heard of John dating females, and although that doesn't diminish the odds completely it definitely makes them more scares. The odds of John being bisexual alone were 2%. He had promised Irene, and she would definitely threaten to tell John but she never would. Doing something like that would break all of her moral codes, mainly because Sherlock wasn’t out to the whole school and Irene would never kick him out of the closet, even if it was for love. God was that what he was calling it now? Love. To think, someone like a Holmes in love. What would Mycroft think, or worse his father?
“If this is happening then I’m not gonna wreck my shirt as well as my ego.” Before sherlock could process what John said- mostly because John started to strip before he finished his sentence- and before Sherlock knew it there was a very shirtless, very well-fit, very shirtless John on his computer. “ well let's get this over with” John sighed and sherlock barely registered what he said.
“Right I’ll just get my stuff then” John got dressed hastily and grabbed his cane from the wall before wobbling off to the bathroom to get his wrench. Then he remembered why he ever walked into that room in the first place. He turned back to the open door and saw Sherlock staring at him “Get a hair catcher for both the sink and the tub, it'll prevent a clog from happening again.” Sherlock nodded back sharply
His plan was to start on the pipes on Wednesday and be done by Saturday if there wasn’t anything more that he found wrong. He started off simple with the leaky sink and tub faucet in the bathroom as you don’t need to turn off the water for that, just tighten a few bolts. It took him 30 minutes and he had worked himself into a sweat, but he had no intention of stopping, next up was the rusty pipes in the kitchen, he had everything he needed, now he just needed to go shut the water off. So with a wrench still in his hand and a tool belt around his waist he went and knocked on Sherlock.
“I think this would be a good time for you to leave John, It’s been a pleasure speaking. I’ll see you tomorrow in anatomy, and since I never thanked for earlier consider this one.” Sherlock pulled out a piece of paper from his bag and handed him it. When John skimmed over the paper he realised that it was the answers to the test he had next period. “How did you know…” John trailed off. Leaving the question hanging.
Before he could answer Greg cut back in “Who am I kidding, of course, you have. Well, anyway can you believe that he’s going to be graduating this year? That means he’s an upper class-men. Everyone’s so much closer to figuring out who he is” John couldn’t believe what he was hearing. They had less than half the school year left, and then it would all stop all the articles everything.
“That was disgusting, I need to wash my eyes out with bleach. What will Mommy say when she finds out you’ve scarred me for life.” Sherlock said dramatically at the entrance while shielding his eyes with his hand.
After a long and eventful day at school, and a drawn out rugby practice John finally felt the bliss of his soft bed. He wished thought that he could will himself to sleep, but the events of the day wouldn’t stop playing in his head. From the letter from William to the news of his impending graduation. Then there was the dilemma revolving around Sherlock. He wasn’t sure how the two where going to fit into his life. William he had liked for longer, he felt like he knew him better even though technically he knew more about Sherlock than anyone knew about Will. But he didn’t know if William was interested in men let alone him, and although Sherlock hadn't come out and said it, the way he dressed paired with the fact that he was friends with Irene made the probability skyrocket.
“Yes, that would be fine.” Sherlock shoved his hand into his pocket and pulled out a card. “ Text me, I hate calls.” John read the card and stopped Sherlock one again in his attempt to go inside.
John tried to avoid the drama that revolved around the articles, mainly the drama that revolved around the mysterious author. The articles were signed William. The name was common, but the school was small and there was only one William, but he had the grammar of a 4-year-old. John, no matter how hard he tried, always read the commentary on the school’s social structure and quite frankly the straight up gossip. The author was brilliant, well worded and wrote about things no one could even fathom understanding on their own. that was why the deductions were carefully explained by the author’s thought process. One of his articles had featured the chemistry teacher, who William exposed as a fraud. The teacher had gone to schools to be a banker and when that flopped he couldn’t afford to go back to college so he faked some papers. When the administrator of the school had heard about the accusation he had no choice but to investigate. It ended in the arrest of the chemistry teacher. No one knows how William had done it, how he had known about the fake papers or the teachers past as a chief, but he did and John thought it was amazing.
“Well, you and dad have work in the morning maybe we could just hold off for another day. Just go to the store today.” His mother looked at him weirdly
“Make me” John realized to connotation behind his words as soon as they slipped from his mouth and apparently so did Sherlock judging by the hitch in his breath. Sherlock's eyes held his and John noted the dilated pupils and the thrumming pulse he could see in Sherlock's neck.
“So, John Watson, what brings you over to this table. More specifically, what brings you to Sherlock.” Irene lean forward in her seat in front of John, and Sherlock shoots a warning glance in her direction.
The weekend went as it always did, Greg came over for a while and they played some video games, he went shopping with his mom so she didn’t feel lonely on the car ride, and finally he got back Saturday to his house in time to finish his homework so he could relax the last day of his weekend. But that was totally forgotten when he noticed a half sheet of paper sitting on top of all his books in his bag.
John sent before he could even think to add his name. He realised his mistake and debated on whether he should send something else so that William didn’t get confused. Before John could make up his mind his phone vibrated in his hand.
Throughout the next few months, the two formed an unlikely friendship, and Mycroft developed a little bit of a crush on the older man.
You, John Watson, aren’t as simple as you seem. You come from a happy family. Happy after your alcoholic father left a year and a half ago at least. You fear that your sister may be picking up the same habits. She has a girlfriend, though, so you hope that a relationship will be enough for your sister to quit the late night partying. You want to become a doctor, but because of your now single mother family dynamic, you plan to join the army to pay off your college loans. Though I would suggest scholarships instead. I know of one in particular that I think would be interested in you. You’re a good student who juggles a part-time job and rugby practice, Quite impressive, but you don’t feel like it’s enough. And with that I leave you, I’m glad you enjoy my work.
“ I just fixed up a few holes here and there, it wasn’t too much work. I didn’t have much to move in either. I’m thinking I'll start on the plumbing next. Just some simple stuff, the leaky bathroom sink, the rusted pipe under the kitchen sink shouldn’t take more than a week I think.” He showed her the rusted pipe that Mrs.hudson didn’t know about and some of the paint swatches he had picked up from the supply store while he was out to see which colour she wanted him to do or each room.
“Oh indeed Mr Watson, or do you prefer Caption Watson?” Sherlock smirked lifting himself onto his elbow putting his purely white skin on display for Johns hungry eyes.
“I’m at the main doors, and thank you, Sherlock, really.” Sherlock hung up and opened the door in front of him.
“I think it would benefit us to finish it now” Irene hummed in agreement “There’s only a small problem.” Irene paused her movements. Things like this had happened before. Usually it was sherlock complaining about how his deductions deserved more than just an anonymous article on the back of a school newspaper that no one even liked, But Irene could tell by his voice that it was something bad. Sherlock wasn’t insecure about himself often, he know how smart he was, knew how he was dealt a good hand when it came to looks. There was only one thing that put that slight tremor in his voice. If you didn’t him well you would think he just stumbled a bit on his words, but Sherlock didn’t stumble.Not normally at least.
“I’m not talking about his love life either, John, he is fully satisfied with his love life. I’m talking about sex” he opened his eyes as he uttered the last word and the world was fuzzy around the edges. Delightful.
John licked his lips when Sherlock walked out the door, and John grinned making the effort to sway his hips a little drawing John's attention.
I was thinking picture proof for the dates, and one pass for each category, once someone has passed a question or dare that question or dare can not format or reiterated into something similar, do you agree with these terms?-W
“We were leaving to go to the cafe, dad wanted ice cream” Harry laughed a little “Are we gonna be okay Harry” The smile dropped off her face
“Leave her alone” John jumped in, and their father's wrath was no directed at him. A swift right hook had John on the floor before he knew what was happening. His head was fuzzy and his sight clouded with black dots. The last thing he saw was his mother blurry in the corner doing nothing and then the black spots connected and became nothing.
“It’s no problem, I enjoy your company, and we have the thing to work on anyway. Mrs.Hudson has your room ready as always.” Sherlock grabbed her bag before moving to carry it up the grand staircase.
Of course, a caring Sherlock was nevertheless always a Sherlock, but oh! John was so thankful for it. It was his special way of thinking and structuring the world that made the genius so unique and utterly fascinating in John’s eyes. He admired Sherlock for all his brilliancy; and admired him even more when he learned that the non-existence of a verbal filter could have its positive sides.
, twitched into a grin at the corners. It helped to ease his tension a bit. Another beneficial factor was the way Sherlock tilted his head and thought very
Maybe John was just making believe here, but… they had been sharing a bed for weeks. And Sherlock had been searching his touch not so subtly as he might have thought he did. And he hadn’t stopped blushing since the taxi ride.
. But Sherlock cared, John knew. Sherlock cared different than other people, but it didn't mean he cared less. The sheer vulnerability of the whole act just made it overwhelming to the sensitive detective. It is not easy to care, John fucking knew that, it was nothing but a risk, really, what a silly decision to trust anyone. But God, he
time that day for being such a bloody nuisance. Sherlock wasn't using again ('right?'). Sherlock would tell him ('right?'). Sherlock trusted him ('right?'). Sherlock had called him family (one more comment, and you're out, I mean it).
“But at the very least, humor me. That guy is absolutely gorgeous and absolutely dangerous, which is- to quote Jonathan here- ‘like so hot’. And
John, now attempting to light the mood despite the guilt this statement has caused him to feel, pinched Sherlock’s thigh lightly.
“But I love you. And I love Rosie. And I love our… family. You’re more important than... work. You… saved my life. You keep saving my life over and over again and I can’t… live without you. I’m sorry that my actions…. Caused you to doubt the sincerity of my emotions. I will never… again make you feel so…. helpless”
Instead of answering, John Watson, national treasure and just the best darn guy around, tousled a mop of curls, walked to the bed, took off his trousers and jumper, and cuddled underneath the covers. "You coming?" he flashed Sherlock a charming smile.
Some minutes later in the shower, John wouldn’t be able to recall what the hell had gotten into him to throw all his cautions to the wind and just do it. He’d been fantasising about it for weeks, yet he never managed to bring up the courage to act upon those fantasies. He was always worrying. About fucking this up. About the prospect of an unrequired love. Awkward gestures of pity. Uneasiness. Sherlock leaving.
Sherlock’s hand brushing lightly against his hip shook John out of his thoughts. Sherlock’s eyes were shining attentive and hopeful in the darkness; and really, this was all the encouragement the man needed.
John Watson- a glass of water and painkillers. He swallowed them hurriedly, wincing at the velvety texture of his own mouth, and fell back into the deep, dreamless slumber of the intoxicated.
, after all. John, despite all the troubles he had to face with his own, still valued the concept of family as something precious. Something utterly important. And Mycroft had been important to them. Hell, they probably wouldn't be alive anymore when it wasn't for the snide politician.
“I’ve missed you the last three days” All he could do was nod, dumbfoundedly, while a blush rose to his cheeks. It’s been the closest that they ever came to acknowledge this arrangement (when it wasn’t 3am) between them, and it felt
John’s heart pounded in his chest. He should have seen this coming. The man who knows all, how exactly was he going to manage to keep his attraction a secret from William.
He reminded himself that this wasn’t to say he would /never/ tell John. He told himself that he needed more information, need a better handle on the situation, but he knew it would come down to two options; John confronts him about the situation and reveals his feelings for sherlock, least likely. Or nothing happens, most likely. Of course, sherlock hoped for the prior, but it was unbelievable unlikely. He did, however, have one way of getting more information, and it would be directly from the source. And oh boy did sherlock have a plan to squeeze every little bit of information he could manage.
So he spent his days fixing up 221c, which was practically work, he was getting paid in a way, practically free rent for a flat in central London even one like this was a good deal. It was about a week after he had moved in the Mrs.hudson came to check on him.
He got to the small science lab designated for students. Most of the locker with the solutions and pure elements had paddle locks but it only took Sherlock half an hour to figure them all out. It was stupid of his teacher to set his own code instead of using the one provided, it only made it ten times easier to guess it. I was slightly harder than he had expected. One lock had been all three teachers favourite element, another had been the first six digits of pi. And the last was the date that they bought the locks.
There secret worked for close to 2 years, but Harry got a job a couple of months before she turned 17. John had told her about the boy who had been a girl that he had heard about and Harry found out who he was through the grapevine. It turned out that His parents owned a diner and had accepted their son with open arms when he told them. Harry started working there a few months after she met Oliver. They didn’t mind that she kept her hair long and wore it in a half pony, or that she changed into a skirt before her shift started and kept it there after they were over. They didn’t care that she wanted to just put Harry on her nametag, and even asked if she was sure she didn’t want to put Harryet instead. Of course, all good things come to an end.
John Watson was 9 when he learned what being gay was, his brother had brought his friend over while their parents were gone they were on the couch watching a movie and John had crept from his room where he had been banished. He was carefully avoiding the squeaky step when he overheard the conversation his brother was having with his friend.
“Yes thank you for you your services” John scoffed and left the flat. I was ridiculous to feel this way. He barely knew the man but he was a bit heartbroken about being kicked out. He didn’t know what he had expected from the man who had practically played out the beginning of a porno to seduce him. He went to his flat and fixed his pipes anyway working hard to keep busy.
“You’ve been my partner for years, we just didn’t call ourselves that. I know you, Sherlock. There’s nothing you could possible do to change my mind”
Just as he learned that Sherlock somehow managed to delete the taste of ice-cream, he excused himself to wander to the Tesco’s around the block, to reminisce the experience (because ‘Honestly, Ice-cream, Sherlock! Unacceptable!’). He took a few calming breaths in the warm afternoon air. That worked better than anticipated. Way better than hoped, even. The sight of the two idiots finally working out their issues made him extremely proud. Technically it was wrong to mingle like that, but he couldn’t bring himself to have a moral crisis about it. It had worked, didn’t it?!
, kitchen. The detective yelped, and grabbed his doctor’s shoulders to keep his balance, but couldn’t stop to join in his laughter as well.
Sherlock only exhaled heavily against the soft fabric. He had missed this. He didn’t know he still harbored these desires to be wrapped in safety and security, but now they reminded him of…. Easier times… where affection was given, and he felt more than just a strange mixture of exhaustion and constant attention…where his brother had been My, where they had been friends, where feelings were not a strange concept.
Jonathan hits him on the arm, missing his face by mere inches. “Henny, that’s old news!! It totally was just a heroic fraud to dismantle a criminal organization while keeping his loved ones out of danger!! Uh, so mysterious!!”
He was glad; they talked and were honest with each other, like he hoped they would, yet he knew that the tenderness of the moment was fragile and fleeting.
He would heal. They would get through this. It might not be easy. It might not be pleasant. But they got each other to pull through. That’s all that matters in the end, right? Sherlock placed his hands securely against John’s chest. He could feel the rapid heartbeat underneath his palm. It made him feel calm. All the hardships, all the pain, all the isolation he had to endure during his absence faded away in comparison to holding John Watson in his arms. For having this, he realized, when he nuzzled closer into the pillows, pulling the smaller body against him a little tighter, all the agony had been worth it.
“We’ll take it easy, yeah? I’ve got you” he added as an afterthought, realizing that he had been pretty demanding, and possibly overwhelming. He wanted Sherlock to feel safe with him. To enjoy himself. Not cling to sensation after sensation, helplessly overwhelmed with the intensity of it all.
safety. You saved my life, and yet I-” he hid his face in his hands, voice coming out muffled and strained from behind his palms.
Antoni winks at him playfully, and in another scenario,  John might have thought the younger man was flirting with him. But, now that he became attuned to the Fab 5’s mannerisms, he just knows that’s how they are.
Greg, nothing more. He was far too gone at this point for actual help; his life was a fine mess and he had come to accept that.
“I’m sorry it took me longer than usual, I fetched a little something for you on my way back” he unceremoniously dropped a small wrapped box into the detective’s lap, who was stunned into silence. He just gawked at his friend, like he had suddenly grown an extra head.
And thus, John laid there, in the early hours of the morning, neatly tucked in the soft bedsheets of his best friend and was overcome by a heavy emotion, so heavy that he was unable to move for some seconds. He would never be able to get away from Sherlock Holmes. Hell, not even death could stop his gravitation towards this fucking bastard.
It was delightful. Never in a million years would John have dreamed of calling anything involving the Holmes’ brothers as anything more uplift than ‘mildly annoying’. Yet here he was. Drinking tea, pretending not to watch the usual pair look through photographs and drawings Mycroft had saved before the fire; quietly recollecting all the information Sherlock had been missing.
It just is something he had always said. And now it comes out almost like a mechanical response. Like the words don’t actually mean anything beside their sound.
He turned and caught his best friend’s eye, which wrinkled happily at the corners when their gaze met. Sherlock couldn’t help but smile back, the sense of freedom suddenly accompanied by a deep fondness for his doctor.
But aside from the insanity he had to put up with on a daily basis, John didn’t really do bad days. The years as army doctor had taught him to be grateful for every day he could live in peace and quiet (as peaceful and quite as it can get when Sherlock was involved), so he wasn’t really one to get upset about a whole day. Life was short - a platitude with a hint of truth. John Watson had seen his fair share of forcefully shortened lives, so it came almost naturally for him to value the life he had.
“I haven’t considered that before” John wanted to scream. Seriously, this guy would be the death of him.
Fighting the tremor out of his voice, John spoke softly: “What’s wrong, sweetheart? How can Daddy help you?” It sounded far more confident than before and John dared to get his hopes up. However, when Rosie turned to him with a heart-breaking expression written all over her face, John didn’t feel so sure anymore. Fat, ugly tears rolled down her reddened cheeks, but she toned down the small whimpering noises in her throat. She had probably tried to hide her state of distress from John. It wasn’t the first time she had done that; although she was only small, Rosie already had the pride of a Watson, who would much rather appear angry than sad. Didn’t mean it made John feel less bad; his little princess shouldn’t hesitate to come to him with her every need. But she did.
After all, she’s getting a more child-proof flat, an actual nursery, and a pretty awesome birthday party out of this whole thing.
is why parents should get their children tested. John liked the Holmes, he did, but he couldn't disagree more with their way of handling problems. He wasn't sure if Sherlock would be different, genius wise, if it played out differently years ago; but he was almost completely certain that life would be a little easier for his friend. But that was no use now, the damage was already done (although he would call Mycroft to have one hell of a talk with the British Government).
. He knew and he wanted nothing more than Sherlock's full and utter happiness. Another strong emotion overcame John in these early morning hours. He gripped his mug for support and took some deep breaths. His heart swell and felt tight with a strange mixture of emotions. He pinched the bridge of his nose a few times.
John couldn’t wipe off that beaming smile off his face for the rest of the day, and found himself having a delighted jump in his step, when he picked up some take-away after his shift, eager to return to his daughter, his best friend, and to curry-flavored kisses.
“Thanks for deserting me, git,” the doctor replies just as quietly, but the insult is lost in a smile. Sherlock does that to him, these days.
Mycroft wasn't there, it was his head playing tricks on him, but the pain was here and it was real and he was real. He felt like running forever in his dizzy state, but in reality, he barely made it around the front door. Sherlock faintly registered John's jogging steps right behind him.
He tells himself it’s not because he wants to impress these guys he barely knows. Sherlock only watches him over the rim of his tea cup with an amused twinkle in his eyes.
Yet… what if..? He had caught a glimpse of Sherlock’s reaction in the corner of his eyes, just as he left- apart from standing stock still like the literal deer caught in the headlights, his flatmate didn’t seem opposed to the idea.
It was infuriating. It was almost impossible to ignore it. He was used to supress his emotions ever since he was a child, but thanks to stupid (wonderful), dull (funny), annoying (charming) John Watson all the secure walls he had built around himself were breaking down. These walls were meant to protect him. From people who would not understand him. From himself, for he (most of the time) didn’t understand himself.
“I never say what’s most important, alright? I don’t talk about my…. Emotions or anything regarding them. It’s not easy. I despise…. The vulnerability. The mess. The anticipation” The genius took a deep breath, suddenly appearing a little bit more like his normal self, flushing slightly at the embarrassing display of weakness.
Karamo closes the tablet and turns so he looks at everyone: “Let’s make sure it’ll be the best party ever!”
After making the first tea of the day, the doctor decided it was time to get out of his own head and into the matter. It was Saturday, so no surgery, which was rather fortunate. He wouldn't have liked to leave Sherlock alone right after his breakdown. He briefly wondered how Sherlock would behave after his obvious display of weakness. Would he be embarrassed? Lock himself away? Be insecure about it, uncertain? Would he grave more contact? Deny the whole thing?
Sherlock wanted to talk, wanted to reason, but he was afraid his voice would fail him. All he could come up with at the moment was “Please don’t leave me” or something equally pathetic. Naturally, he stayed silent as well. John was already halfway out of the room, when he seemed to change his mind. He turned around, fixed Sherlock with a gaze that made his stomach churn and his knees weak; and crossed the distance between them, to pull his best friend into the first hug they shared since Sherlock came back from the fall. Everything was warm, and soft, and fuzzy- Sherlock fought the urge to clutch the body of the smaller man closer to himself. He could feel John’s rapid heartbeat against his chest. “Don’t do that again” the doctor whispered into the fabric of Sherlock’s old dressing gown. “
