He glances down at the total, hoping he has enough cash – explaining to Dean why he has no money would be humiliating. Something catches his eye, a blue scrawl on the otherwise monotone paper.
“Me and Cass want to stay here for a bit.” Offf course they do, their practically newly weds. He’s just about to tell them to enjoy the honeymoon phase when Cass barrels into the room.
Sam almost tears apart the bunker before he finds Dean wandering around one of the hallways, peeking into every bedroom he passes by.
“Relax,” Sam says, his eyes lighting up with mirth. “Out as in outside, to wash Baby. She got a little dirty while we were hightailing it away from witch-topia.”
Cass pulls harder on the lid and Dean struggles to maintain his grip. Smooth handless wood… what the hell was he thinking. Well he certainly wasn’t thinking that he’d have to fight to stay
This Dean has the sparkle in his eyes; the kind that makes him curious and that gives him the hope of getting out and starting a life someday. He takes care of himself because he cares… because he thinks he’ll make it to the age where having healthy habits will pay off…
So what if Cass loses a finger or two. He’s still an angel, they’ll grow back. Meanwhile, Dean could bide his time in here watching some detached fingers turn to dust. How long would that take? Ten thousand years maybe?
Sam breathes a sigh of relief as Cass points to the sand box. Dean pouts as he leaves the monkey bars but heads over to Cass.
He spots their waiter as he makes their way out of the kitchen, his eyes latching into the steaming hot plates of pie almost immediately.
The Winchesters can die and their chance of saving the world with them, but Michael can start over. He can save
“There’s no need for violence Castiel.” Aziraphale says, raising his hands in surrender. “Crowley probably just took him out to see his car. It’s a Bently, I can’t quite remember the year, but he adores that car.”
On the walk over, she pays careful attention to Dean’s skittish behaviour. The tension in his shoulders and the worry in his eyes.
He huffs, “Nothing illegal.” He assures, “Dean – uh, Dean actually bought this house for himself a while ago.”
“No.” he says instantly. “I can’t tell you what’s right for you. And I’m glad Dean didn’t either. He must have made his position clear.”
“I’ll be gone soon anyway Dean.” It’s hollow. A confession and not the one he thought he’d be making.
The real Cass could be dead… his body decaying… rotting in some ditch because this thing killed him. Or maybe some other thing had. Or… maybe… He’s alive. Living his best life without Dean because he thought that Dean never went after him; never gave him a second thought.
This is can’t stand, he needs… some boundaries. Something. He shuts the bathroom door in loudly, letting the panic take root.
who I was talking to.” Dean pauses to take a breath. “And I know what you and Cass are keeping from me.”
Cass stares at him a moment longer before turning away from Dean, covering himself with the blankets with a sweeping motion.
Dean feels his muscles seize up immediately and he immediately tries to relax. In the heat of the moment (he’d been half asleep) Deanpie had sounded like a great nickname. Dean loves pie. But he realised how much like a pet name it sounded as soon as it came out of Cass’ mouth. Thankfully his friend had caught on to his discomfort and had tried to play it off. Really well actually.
Cass remains quiet, his shoulders slouching as if merely thinking about Dean finding out is enough to crush his mood for the entire night.
While Dee and the djinn are engrossed in a staring match, Dean makes his way over to Cass, carefully pressing his knuckles against Cass’ in a display of solidarity.
Dean is like a hawk when it comes to keeping the door locked. No way is he risking Sam seeing them like that. Honestly, Cass doesn’t seem to mind one way or the other, but he does try to keep it a secret for Dean’s sake. After all, this is a favour.
The siren must have been the one to come to him first. But no. It knew things about him that only a shifter would. So the shifter had been the one to spend the night with him. And in the morning, when it knew he would begin to question why ‘Dean’ suddenly wanted to have sex with him, the siren took its place.
He wants to melt away and seep through the floor boards. Dean looks up at him expectantly. “What’da you think buddy? Am I dashing?”
Sam can see the sullen silence and the jealousy that rolls off Cass in waves. He can see the pain and hurt and inadequacy in his gaze and Sam is suddenly raging mad. At Dean for being so damn stupid and at himself for being too blind to see it before.
Sam hears a strange noise. Someone walked through the bunker. He knows that Dean left so it must be Cass. He’d been wanting to check on the angel for some time now, but he’d been too lost in his grief to even move.
Dean just scoffs and starts peeling the hideous thing, his fingers instantly becoming stained with the red of the beet.
“How long was I like that?” his voice is small. No longer does he have that child life innocence, the kind, soft spoken voice that bespeaks a sheltered life.
In heaven Michael was the one who everyone came to for help. Michael was expected to do it all and hold the fort. Play the part until time for curtain close.
The noises from the film playing in the background don’t hold a candle to Cass’ sexy whimpers. Go he moves faster, a little deeper. And he gags.
“I – yeah.” He says in shock. Dean hadn’t rampaged at the mention of a deal – but there’s still time, he’s taken to staring down at his feet blankly. Even Sam was tempted to rage because how
As the near the bedroom door, Castiel hangs onto Dean tightly. “Don’t hold back.” He whispers, contrasting their goal during their first time together.
Shaking his head Dean scoots closer. “That doesn’t matter.” He whispers. “We can enjoy the time we have together.”
Then he sits in the mud and sobs. Last time Cass had died, his wings left scorch marks in the dirt, this time, he left his corpse in a Ma’lak box, in the mud.
Dean’s prayer almost causes him to burst into tears. The finality of his tone breaks something in Castiel. Soon enough, he’s going to be staring down at Dean’s corpse, unable to do anything but watch.
Castiel feels himself falling. The bed beneath him seems to disintegrate… along with the floor and the earth’s outer crust. And he’s tumbling and tumbling… down into the abyss.
“That we’ll always be friends Cass.” Dean says in defeat. “This can’t work if I’m going to doubt you for the rest of my life. You – your need to help people. That’s one of your best qualities and I don’t want to begrudge you for it. But I need to look out me. Staying friends is safer.”
Screw fifteen minutes. He’s done with these mind games. Maybe he should just buy a gag so they don’t have to put up with this.
They stare at each other a long time. Both content with the silence blanketing them. It’s not a tense silence. But a comfortable one. One where everything is right in the world.
“Dean!” he snaps, letting his worry show, “Cass just… vanished in a plume of … trench-coat and before that… I saw something… I don’t even understand this.” He sputters.
Cass plucks the paper from his hand. “Thank you Sam.” Then he turns to Dean. “I was going to put it in my box. Now, tell me what you were going to say.”
That makes Dean pull up short. Cass is the picture of calm. He doesn’t scream or show emotions in general.
The shards of the pearl offer a nice little sideshow as they pass and Sam makes a note to sweep it all up later. That thing caused him enough problems for ten lifetimes, he’s going to take pleasure in dumping it.
Spending that night together had changed them both. In the coldness of the storm, they’d managed to develop a bond, despite the knife, threats, and vandalism. Despite the fact that they’re both from wildly different worlds, Castiel can feel just how
Sam bites his lip, wondering how that would go over. Dean is very particular as a child. One wrong word and this could all blow up in his face. Then they could both be stuck like this forever.
After all he’s done to conceal it, Dean knows. Sometimes he liked to daydream, imagine having the courage to tell Dean. Of course, in his fantasies, Dean’s always happy and returns his feelings. They’d give him hope and he’d go to find Dean, his confession on the tip of his tongue. The furthest he’d ever made it was tapping the hunter on the shoulder. He could never find the words to tell him properly, but Chuck had dashed that possibility aside. Castiel knows in real life, Dean’s reaction will be somewhat more subdued and more likely than not, negative.
First it had been Dean saying that the other Castiel kissed him, then Dean saying that the other Castiel thought that
“Cass no.” he’s the one who really understands the significance of having boundaries in a friendship. Cass has no experience, no idea how it could all go wrong. It’s up to Dean to be the adult in this one – to make the hard choices.
So that means if he blows Cass, then Cass will want to do the same. Dean doesn’t know how he feels about that.
“My grace is fine, thank you.” he assures, keeping his voice as level as possible. Before he can even open his mouth to discuss last night, the brothers pick up their conversation, leaving him to his thoughts.
to stay behind? That was a blow Dean never recovered from. They hung out. They made a home in the bunker. They trained with each other in their free time and watched movies and drank beer.
Sam makes his way to the dungeon with equal amounts of trepidation and stubbornness. He won’t let Crowley one-up him.
Noticing the frown on Sam’s face, “Is something wrong?” Mary’s voice is suspicious, her hands tightening on Crowley’s chains.
“Now?” Sam pouts at him, bringing on the puppy eyes. He’s probably looking forward to jumping back into bed.
He chuckles at that even as it sends a tingle down his belly. “That’s… very possessive of you Cass.”
Their waitress appears asking if they need anything else and Castiel saw how Dean had eyed the pecan pie on the display rack. It had been the first thing that his eyes had been drawn to.
He remembers another occasion, where he found them both dancing to Warrant’s ‘Cherry Pie’ in Dean’s room. Like full on rock and roll dancing.
He takes a moment to compose himself. Splashing his face with water and rinsing out his mouth. Cass deserves a real explanation at the very least.
He knows that the only way that stupid wanker would get out of the ‘saving people hunting things’ mentality was some grave injury. Besides death, losing that leg was the only thing Dean could use as an excuse to build something for himself.
Somehow, even though he tried to keep the entire event under wraps, Dean finds himself a front row seat to view Cass’ bubble bath.
Michael remains silent. “You’ve given a lot to me. I can give you this.” Adam would understand his hesitance once he reveals the secret.
Castiel wipes at his eyes in despair and more liquid continues to seep. It’s like he can’t stop it and Dean is just
“Hey!” Dean says brightly. “I have that problem all the time. And let me tell you; it’s mucho annoying.”
Taking his hand, Cass drags himself to his feet and waits patiently for Dean to open up. Sam has to knock about four more times before Dean finally yanks open the door with a scowl. Wow. Cass was right, Dean really is sick. His nose is irritated and his eyes are red. Ugh and his breath.
She huffs, “Don’t make me into the bad guy.” She insists, “I just want my sons to be happy. And one of you is in
Cass looks around, flustered, but replies anyway. Droning on about the house. Sam continues searching on his laptop… something doesn’t quite add up about this case.
He feels Dean’s breath stutter. “No.” it’s quick, abrupt. Just as sure as it was the first time. But this time Sam isn’t backing down.
Like he hasn’t seen Dean naked before. Images of their first time flash behind his eyelids. How good his hands felt, how attentive Dean had been. The expression in his green eyes as he’d come.
Sam snorts even as Dean snatches his box away. “The audacity of some people.” He whispers, cradling the thing.
As Dean’s lips seem to get even closer, Castiel allows himself to hope. That maybe Dean wants him too.
“So we have the pearl.” Sam says, feeling as though he’s teaching an empty classroom. “We have you and Dean. You touched the pearl and strange things happened. I want to smash the pearl because I think it’s somehow malfunctioning. The only way it
Dean grips the edge of the bed to prevent himself from running screaming out of the room as he hears a ‘squelching’ sound. Cass’ breath stutters out and he feels the bed shift.
Mary knows that something is up. Her hunter instincts are tingling and her maternal ones too. Sam stands at her side and this time she has the chance of putting her baby under the microscope. The way he talks to this ‘Becky,’ is as though they have some history. She’d heard Dean complain about her, numerous times and she’d just attributed it to Dean’s general dislike of ‘fangirls’ and ‘chick-flicks’ in general.
Dean curses himself. Cass had opened up to him, shared his insecurities. Dean should have no problem doing the same. In fact he trusts Cass more than anyone. Maybe that’s why he doesn’t want to seem weak in his eyes.
“No.” Dean’s voice is quiet, haunted and Sam hates himself for taking this tack. But it’s for the best. He repeats it to himself like a mantra.
Sam scowls but remains quiet, knowing fully well that Dean would only use anything that he says against him. When Dean was older he had fallen for all of Dean’s tricks, but now that things are reversed, he knows how to outwait the little monster.
Hmm. She wants to ask Sam more, but the closed off expression on his face tells her she mightn’t have much luck at the moment. That’s fine, she has the Google. And if she doesn’t like what she finds the she’ll just hunt this Becky down. No one hurts her boys.
Flushing, Castiel burrows into the pillows, turning his head to face Dean, who lays on his stomach, his head in the opposite direction. He knows exactly what Dean means. He can still remember it pressed up against him in the Impala.
Sam comes out of the bathroom, his oh so precious locks dripping everywhere. Dean saves his joke. Just this once.
Castiel decides that he needs to calm down and think clearly. What did humans do when faced with an unexpected growth? Right. Cut it out. He scrambles for his angel blade before realising that he doesn’t need it. He’s human now, anything will do.
It was a truly well concocted plan; the mobilization of monsters and the melding of their powers to create a true entrapment. Castiel he just wishes he hadn’t fallen in.
“I know, Dean. I haven’t been the most trustworthy person of late. You did what you had to do. Now we’re ‘mending our fences,’ right?”
“I know we haven’t really had much of a chance to talk.” Dean starts, internally wondering if this really is the best time for this. Cass seems in a defensive mood, rather than a talking mood.
It was a major concern, but Cass had been too afraid to say it. His time with Sam had given him enough courage about his doubts to tell Dean to his face.
Yes, really Dean?! He screams internally, wondering why he’d even say something like that. “Uh, um, well, you only go… on a brate… with someone, if you’re already the bestest of friends. Even if you screw something up, you’ll just laugh about it.”
This isn’t how he wanted things to start out for them. He steps back into the kitchen, finding that Cass’ eyes have never left him.
Castiel lets out a shaky breath. Never had he dreamed of hearing those words from Dean’s lips, in Dean’s voice. He’s amost too thrown off to even respond but he knows that he can’t pass up this chance. Dean could be drunk enough to regret this in the morning or even forget it entirely but drunk mouths speak hard truths. And Dean loves him “I love you too Dean.” He says with conviction, slamming their lips together once more.
“Alright, after you left, I heard someone in the bunker.” He gestures to the library, “Cass was in there and he was holding the pearl – the one that grants wishes – and then… poof! Cass just lights up and vanishes.”
It’s not a shock. Really, Dean should have expected this. Cass, after all, is less accustomed to human things than he is. Dean is a master of casual sex and still, he finds himself grappling with the barriers.
Everyone knows of Dean’s fear of heights. That they made him nauseous and panicked and unsteady. Even the short trips they took when Castiel had his wings had taken their tole on him.
His grace had been fighting back, he supposes. Because he recalls brief flashes of lucidity, washed away by a venomous kiss. He remembers the feeling. All his doubts, diluted … washed away by a poison that kept his attention solely on Dean. The siren.
Ducking his head does little to hide the heat creeping up his neck. “Yeah, well… Sam’s not the only one.”
This visual; Cass on his knees, licking at his cock like it’s a friggin popsicle, it turns him on like no other. He squeezes his eyes shut as Cass laves at the tip, purposefully teasing him.
“I know.” Cass captures Dean’s mouth in a bruising kiss. He can feel the trepidation radiating from him, but he knows that they both want this.
“I missed you too.” Sam replies, stunned, “But I see you and Cass have done a hell of a job fixing this place up.”
He might understand a bit more now, but Dean still doesn’t understand why he was so quick to leave. It wasn’t that he felt obtuse… rather, he was always
Michael stiffens then. They had been stationary at the time, Michael taking a much needed break. Horror washes over him. “I didn’t lose it.”
Clearly stricken, Dean rubs a hand down his face, massaging his jaw. “God.” He hisses. “I– I didn’t think it was true.”
He can’t believe it’s finally here. He wants nothing more than to sit in the lonely parking lot and devour the entire thing. But he won’t do that. On the way over, he’d promised himself that, no matter what, he’d only read a few pages at a time. He doesn’t want to overwhelm Cass.
A handmade gift. Hmm, he doesn’t give Dean nearly enough homemade gifts. He doesn’t think Dean would appreciate his smoothies though. Maybe he should try baking a pie like Cass – except he’d use sugar instead of salt.
“Then I’ll always stay.” Castiel says firmly. If Dean wants him to stay then … there’s really nothing more he can want from life is there?
That one causes coffee to spurt out his nose. As he splutters an indignant ‘no,’ Dean leans forward to slap him harshly on the back.
“Me and Cass… we were hanging out and we didn’t notice the demon watching us. It’s not a big deal as Sam is making it out to be.” He huffs. “We take one night – one friggin night – off in our whole lives and you flip out on us.”
The footsteps slow to a halt as Dean nears the door. There’s a moment of deafening silence right before the light switch flicks on.
Maybe Cass went back to the car or maybe he should pick up a pie for Dean, just to soften the blow. The latter sounds more practical.
She rolls her eyes. “I know that.” She deadpans.  “I need to get a read of the energy from your world. I need to hold onto it and craft a pathway through the multiverse. One misstep and you two wind up on a world with three moons and an army of big foots.”
Hope you enjoy this one, it's leading into a *very* revealing next chapter so look out for all the details that I might have - scratch that - definitely have hidden away in there.
Lucifer looks disconcerted by its presence but not terrified. Castiel knows why. Only another archangel can use it.
Nodding slightly Castiel manages to swallow before speaking, “That does sound like a typical haunting.”
forget about him so you would have gotten away with it, if it weren’t for this meddling kid.” Lucifer points at himself.
“Alright Dean.” He drags the name out purposefully and Dean cringes as expected, “I won’t forget the- ”
“Dean.” Sam says, walking straight up to him. “I’m putting my foot down. You need to stop this frantic looking.”
“I’m pissed you lied. It caused me a great deal of confusion.” He announces, “but I think I understand why you did it and I won’t be angry. As long as you tell me the truth I won’t be angry.”
Gagging, Dean’s nose tries to reject this new smell. It’s putrid. Stark contrast to the hot, steaming pie on the window sill. It’s baked, golden to perfection and sits cooling on the ledge. Dean watches in horror as the pie is shoved off the sill and falls into a pile of other pies… rotting pies, that must be giving off the smell.
Michael remembers finding him in his heaven. He watched him for a long while. At first his mind had soured at the thought of settling for anything less than the Michael Sword. But eventually that faded as he observed Adam – for much longer than he should have.
“I never should have let you go.” Dean’s words are muffled by his hand, covering his mouth. Castiel is thankful for the privacy the booth provides and the fact that the closest patron is way out of ear shot.
His eyes dart back to the bedroom and he thankfully lowers his voice: “So you and hot wings over there are just going to sit pretty and play house while we do all the hard work?” he shakes his head, “Typical. I hope you haven’t forgotten about our deal… I have every intention on collecting.”
“I don’t want to be another body to you. A – a faceless, nameless person who will vanish in your eyes when the morning light hits them.” He repeats the words he’d said to Sam.
Maybe Cass just hadn’t had a chance to put them in their proper places yet, or maybe Dean is just blind and missed it.
So Dean will do the only thing he can do. His one final move in the famous final scene of Chuck’s shitty story. Something that Chuck believed completely unfathomable; especially in regards to a character who should have been written out years ago. Something, that, throughout all the universes, he’d never seen – not once.
“I missed you.” Dean says as soon as they both settle onto the couch. The sincerity in Dean’s eyes is palpable.
He needs out of this hell hole. Weeks and weeks spent toiling beside them, all in the hopes of finding poor Castiel’s lost grace. It was like an episode of Dora the explorer.
“You know that right.” Sam prods. “I think you’re a very clever boy. You make things that no one else could think of. You’re very good with your hands. You’re a crack shot too, or you will be. Your plans… they save the day. Remember that for me.”
“Friends don’t hide pieces of lore so that you don’t have to stop working together. Friends don’t manufacture a case so you won’t leave.” Castiel pokes his chest to emphasise his point. Dean stumbles, his back knocking against the door.
“Then it’s your job to make him feel better.” Jack deduces. “It’s like I told Dean. You are each other’s medicine. Make him feel better.”
Sam stands on shaky feet and stumbles along as Mom drags him towards the garage. In his grief about Baby, Sam forgot that they have other cars.
proved him wrong - and shattered every conception he had about himself in the process. His heart swells with emotion and his tongue twitches as it comes back to life.
Then finally, the crowning jewel, Dean point blank asking him whether or not he’s in love with him then proceeding to say that it would all be okay if he was.
The other Dean glances between them, all his previous happiness wiped away, he leans on the fishing rod as though it’s the only think holding him up. “I know it isn’t. But we – we’re handling it?”
Marching over to then, he clears his throat loudly and even then the trance doesn’t seem to break fully. He practically had to drag Dean away.
“I can watch over you.” He blurts, the words coming naturally. The rejection whenever he suggests it doesn’t hurt anymore.
His hips keep thrusting and twisting trying to find something to grind on. His eyes lock with Dean’s, begging him to continue. Dean only bites his lips and grabs Castiel’s wrists, pinning them above his head and gently kissing his finger-tips.
“If you want me to keep my distance, I understand.” Though the hunter’s voice is sincere, he can tell that Dean doesn’t really want that.
“Hey.” He says, reaching out and patting his shoulder. “Tell me.” Dean needs a distraction from thinking about his heart being ripped out of his chest anyway.
Castiel’s breath trembles as he marches away from Mary Winchester. His head whorls with what this could mean. He’s managed to go
The black sludge appears behind them and Dean swallows, trying to force something to come out of his mouth - anything. Cass just gives him a knowing smile and rests a hand on his shoulder. “Good bye Dean.”
Gulping, Cass stares at him, letting Dean see the vulnerability in his eyes. “This is my first… brate.”
“Stop lying to me!” his voice raises once more and he stalks over to Dean, crouching beside him, “I found the bones and the hex bag at that house. Tell me what’s going on right now or – ” ‘Or I’ll leave.’ Those words don’t come out. They aren’t true. As long as Dean wants him here, he isn’t leaving.
Sam wants to wish him well too. But the last thing he wants is to make Dean feel self conscious or cause him to pull away.
There was never a dull moment between us.  Cass, I thought of you as my very own kid. And if you didn’t change back… I’d have raised you as my own in a heartbeat.”
“Dean…” the hurt swells once more, of course Dean would pick Sam over him. “You said you needed me.”
Bursting into the bathroom with one hand still gripping the towel at his waist, Dean scans the area for threats before asking what’s wrong.
“Do you want a doctor?” Sam asks quietly. Dean’s skin is still almost blue and he’s burning up. In fact, the entire room feels hot… or is that just the exertion from running all the way here.
He watches Cass like a hawk. Not because he doesn’t trust him, but because he knows how hard it is. He wants Cass to talk to him… let it out in the ways Dean never had… but he doesn’t know how to approach him.
“But seriously though Cass.” Dean says, “On the field, you and Sam are the only ones smart and capable enough that I’d trust to guard my back.”
The creature blinks, her eyes still glowing an ethereal blue find their way to Castiel’s widening in shock. “My name is Castiel.”
With a huff, Dean turns to stare away from Cass. He’s making a lot of sense, which really scrambles his brain. Dean hopes he can get his thoughts together to argue this out. Sam would believe him. Not participating would have made him feel better about the whole ordeal.
He shuts the door gently behind him and follows Castiel through the house, making their way to the quaint kitchen. There’s no doubt that Dean bought all the stuff in here. These are the brand of pans he likes. Non stick too. And all of the utensils. Right down to the sponge.
For a long moment, Dean just looks at him, his face still mostly obscured by his jacket. Then, he releases the jacket and gets to his feet, his face now serious.
Castiel knows Dean, he knows that his anger was temporary; he was mourning the life they built together, which is understandable. But so many things have been left unsaid.
This Castiel smiles at him, nodding in understanding. “He lets you out sometimes.” His eyes fill with tears, seeming torn between being enthusiastic and regretful. “And you come to me.” his voice wobbles. “I – I show you the Impala, we watch your favourite movies and I bake you a pie. At night, we have dinner… beer and chicken and ham and whatever you like but in the morning… when I wake up…
“What are you getting at?” Dean asks, suspiciously. “Please tell me you haven’t jumped on the crazy train with her.”
Dean thinks he doesn’t want to stay… and he had thought that Dean wanted him to go. If they had managed to make such a major miscommunication about such a simple thing, what else had they misinterpreted?
“The walk to the dungeon is long and winding.” Sam offers. No way is he letting Crowley out, even if it’s what he clearly wants.
“Is there a good reason you aren’t telling me?” His eyes shine with the hurt that Dean, for once, doesn’t try to cover with wrath.
Cass rips his hand away and punches his bed. “It’s not working!” his eyes crease even as his entire body shudders.
The retort is on the tip of Dean’s tongue, but Mary manages to reel him in with a motherly touch. “Why don’t we ask Castiel.”
When Dean awakes it’s dark. The only thing he hears is Sam’s voice as he reads some lore books quietly.
Cass smiles at him. “No, you’re not.” He says. The words don’t come out in a way that makes Dean think he’s holding onto any animosity. They’re just words. Facts.
Castiel tries not to flinch… he fails, but it’s worth it. To be with Dean again, he’d endure any trials – any shame.
“No it’s not.” The bite in his voice is slowly being eroded by share shame at being caught like this.
He could ask Dean… but he’s volatile right now. He’s just as likely to explode as he is to withdraw completely. Sam doesn’t want to risk either right now.
He takes one last look at the face of the angel he loves, not daring to even give a parting kiss for fear of waking him.
“You know… that time we didn’t even know each other’s bodies and it was electric.” Dean whispers in a sultry voice. “Imagine how I’m going to ravage you tonight.”
Dean doesn’t know what to do with that information. He bobs his head awkwardly. “Sweet. No refractory period. Must be nice. Anyways… I’m heading back to my room.”
He begins a slow crawl across the roads leading to Lebanon, assuming Cass would head to the city to stock up and get a ride.
“I thought you would understand more than anyone.” The other Dean replies, bewildered. “I love her.”
Cass yanks him back and Dean covers the bleeding spot, wiping away the excess blood. He can tell the cut isn’t deep so he isn’t very worried. What he
Rolling his eyes, he flops onto his back, fully prepared to hear something about their profound bond.
Only, a certain angel of the lord beats him there. Pushing him aside frantically and cradling Dean’s heart in his hands. Dean had gone unconscious about the time his heart had been ripped out and now blood is gushing everywhere and Cass seems like the only one with their head on straight.
“Hold on Grumpy.” Jokes Dean. He bends once more, shoving his hand in the water and swiping left to right about a dozen times.
He claps Sam on the shoulder and laughs in disbelief. Could it be that easy. Not two days ago he and Cass were bungling through Purgatory, looking for blossoms that grew out of dead and decaying Leviathan.
“No.” Cass says quickly. “It’s not that I don’t like it…” Dean waits expectantly. “Just – how is this supposed to derail Sam’s suspicion?”
It’s irrational, Dean knows, but he feels so angry. That Cass never thought to come back, that Dean probably hadn’t even crossed his mind in the months that elapsed. What comes out though is: “I’m asking because I miss you.”
But as Castiel moves down the corridor hurriedly, memories of their first meetings assaulted him. Him trusting Dean enough to share his doubts; Dean trusting him enough to go along with his plans. Backing him up with everyone stood against him and even though he was in the wrong. He’d scattered that trust. Now the wind has finally blown the pieces away and Dean is too tired to chase after them anymore. And who would blame him?
Dean’s body melts. The smell of coffee and Cass’ touch lingering on his skin. He feels safe. At home.
He doesn’t understand how they managed to cram so much information into one little CD. Doesn’t matter though, cause it’s a steal of a deal as far as porn is concerned.
Laying a hand on his shoulder, Dean looks at him. For a moment, something flits across Dean’s face and he thinks Dean is about to hug him, but his expression closes off once more and he sighs. Castiel doesn’t know how to feel. On one hand, Dean’s hugs make him feel warm. But he’s scared to try it and find that the monsters ruined even
But when he sees the demon, a lady dressed as an attendant strap Dean and Cass into the Ferris wheel, Sam stabs her through the heart. Thankfully almost everyone is gone so he pulls the crank to bring them back down. The look on their faces is priceless. To have Sam find them while – whatever this thing that they’re doing is – is still happening.
“Woah!” he straightens his robe to stop his junk from hanging out. He half wishes that he has a room full of chicks to see than, rather than a wall and maybe his brother and mother. Being a bachelor was supposed to be fun.
His breaths come faster, his hips thrust so fast that Dean just keeps his hand in place and lets him buck up into it. His voice becomes shrill, moaning and babbling shameful things in Enochian. He feels himself approaching the infamous orgasm. So close. The imagery of Dean and the feel of his fingers all over his body make him shudder, his hips losing their rhythm; wanting to get closer and escape the intensity of the sensations all at once.
“I clearly don’t have your attention.” Adam says bitterly. “And I’m not blaming you… I just – I thought you knew me better.”
“What’ll be today gentlemen?” Dean purses his lips at the British accent. It reminds him of the Men of Letters – Mick. Crowley.
He doesn’t want to sit here, guarding an angel in his weakening mind. He wants to enjoy his time with mom and Sam and Jack before he has to go again. The very thought makes him tremble. But he has to. For real this time.
“No.” Dean laughs. “No way I would have told you. But… you would have known.” Dean looks at him then. “You would have insisted that I stay put so you could come find me. And… I might have listened. Then everything would be screwed. Cass there’s two people who could have convinced me to stay. You and Sam. But I knew Sam wouldn’t have figured it out. But I know you. And you know me. After one sentence I’d be toast.”
Dean lies silently on his bed as Cass heads out to the kitchen. Dean has half a mind to lock the door behind him. Of all the vegetables Cass could have picked… he chose the one that looks most like a bloody heart. Nah, that’d probably just piss him off. Dean isn’t down for that.
Dean presses his lips together, making a thoroughly affronted sound. “Firstly, I’m teaching Cas about Earth, okay! What better way than reality T.V? And secondly, don’t you dare try to turn this on me!”
“You actually like living in that stink hole?” Lucifer leans in, inspecting his expression. “Peculiar. Try living there when your grace is calling out to the heavens. Try living there with Dean until he dies. It will be nice, at first. You can be happy, prance around town holding hands. But then one day, his hair will start to turn grey. His bones will ache and you’ll use your grace to soothe his ailments. But it won’t change the fact that he’s aging.”
Their moment is interrupted by Sam, who stands awkwardly by the bed. “Hey guys.” He coughs, “Caught a break with the case. Turns out that it might not be a werewolf at all. There are a large number of sub-terrarium water ways that connect directly to that fountain.”
Dean bristles, clearly disconcerted by that notion. He must be thinking back to the section that Crowley let him read, because Sam can hear him mumbling. “I guess the part about the trench-coat … it was kind of true.”
“I can’t find Cass.” Says, lowering his voice so that he doesn’t scare Dean. One distraught person is enough. “Maybe he’s in the laundry again.”
Only two types of people wear sunglasses inside: blind people… and douchebags and… as it turns out, yellow eyed demons.
Dean leans against the wall, almost afraid to shut his eyes and see blue ones staring back. God, he couldn’t even get off the right way now. Everything was fucked to hell.
Castiel finds Dean’s eyes. He’s still sitting awkwardly on the bed, trapped between the arguing brothers. It reminds him of Sam and Ruby. Dean’s feelings of utter betrayal. Dean doesn’t seem to be thinking about that though, his eyes are creased with worry.
Sighing, Dean offers a more eloquent answer this time around, “You know… you’re part of Team Free Will. You’re as much a brother to me as Sam is. People love you and your hair and that stupid jacket.”
“It would be the most catastrophic thing to ever happen to us Sammy.” He exhales, and a plume of condensation follows, “Everyone would know. And they would all use it against us. We’ve died so many times already… imagine what would happen if we have one more weakness.”
He follows Crowley into a room filled with greens plants of all sizes. They tremble and shudder uncontrollably as he enters the room. Great. A demon who traumatises plants.
With a loud pop, Cass releases his cock, using his finger to stroke the length of it. “I bet you’re jealous of the banana now.” He teases.
becoming mellower with each passing moment. Michael exhales sharply as the sound completely recedes, sagging completely into Adam with sheer relief. “It’s gone.” He breathes, trembling with the exertion.
Hands tightening at his words, Dean somehow manages to haul him even closer. “We can have a good life together.” He promises. “I know we can.”
Cass seem so eager to leave though? From what Sam had gathered, a scenario like this is something the angel had always desired. There doesn’t seem to be any bad blood between him and Dean… no tension… nothing. Everything works like a well oiled machine. Easy conversations. Companionable silence. Light hearted teasing. Dean had grown his hair out. Castiel’s dress code no longer consists of just a suit and coat. They seem healthy… thriving even.
Scowling, Dean crosses his arms defiantly, “Friggin’ Sam.” He mutters, “Look, I don’t know what the hell’s wrong with him but I’ll figure this out. Okay?”
As the days pass, they eat together, they watch movies together and they pretend everything is fine. But every night, exactly at midnight, he watches as Cass sneaks out of the bunker only to return two hours later. His clothes would be clean of blood. Too clean in fact. Most times they looked freshly pressed and had the distinct fresh scent of washing liquid.
Cass shakes his head, no, emphatically and Sam practically wilts in relief, “I like Sam’s hair. It’s pretty. I want to braid it.”
“You’ve held me at you whimsy for hundreds of thousands of years Cass. I don’t want to see you until that amount of time has passed in the real world.”
“You always complain about Sam and his ‘funny smelling hair cream.’” Cass quotes, “I didn’t want to make you uncomfortable in your own home.”
Mary stirs in her sleep, her eyes immediately searching for Dean. In her nightmares, Castiel never got there in time and she’d buried her first born child in a grave just outside the bunker. Cold sweat drips down her back making her shiver and she freezes when she realises that Dean isn’t there.
Sam glances away from the road and for a split second relief shows on his face. “Cass, you’re okay.”
Sometimes when he closed his eyes as Cass kissed him, Dean forgot that they were lost at the bottom of the ocean. He forgot that Sam could be dead or dying at any instant and he would never know. He forgot about how much he wants to scream. And in those moments, everything is perfect.
“I know. I know.” Dean scrubs his hands down his jeans, “It’s just… this is what I see. And sure, your vessel has got the looks and your personality is – um, awesome. You’re a guy. And my best friend.”
They use each other’s names more often now. Dean’s way to prevent them from forgetting entirely. Castiel wonders what the point is. They’re both losing their minds… excruciatingly slowly. One day they would descend into the pits of madness, never to return again.
A commercial aeroplane had been paid to drop him off at the edge of the Bermuda Triangle. He could only hope to find Dean in the melee of the ocean.
“I’ve watched you kissing many women Dean.” He explains. Dean fights the complaints about boundaries that threaten to slip out instead just smiling. If Cass watching him led to
Dean shivers. “I – honestly, it sounds kind of weird.” His eyes dash up to his, clearly looking for any signs of hurt.
“Hey!” Dean snaps, breezing into the room. He slaps Sam’s hand away from the pot and moves to test the thing with a knife.
“Okay.” Dean says cutting him off. He notices that Cass looks stricken by the direction of the conversation. “Let’s stop talking about this. Do you see me talking about whatever you two have going on?”
wasn’t enough. He fears the prospect of Dean not having feelings for him now is even more daunting than before. Now he knows the taste of Dean’s lips and the pleasure of hearing his moans. Castiel knows what Dean’s face looks like on the brink of ecstasy. His hands remember the warmth of Deans skin and the way it trembled and melted under his touch.
Sam raises his brows, “You know mom thinks you and Cass are in love. You two standing over there making moon eyes doesn’t help your case.”
Dean kicks his shin. “Don’t mock me he’s real.” He says in a rush. “I’m the only one who can see him.”
Can he trust this strange djinn? They should be out of here soon enough anyway. He certainly can’t talk to Cass about this. This is the next best option.
They remain silent. Locked in a battle of wills; Castiel looks away first. As he should; he knows that he’s the one in the wrong here. He won’t fight that.
Was that always there in Dean’s gaze? Had Castiel, as a naive, vulnerable human, seen only what he had wanted to – only what he could bear to see?
Cass glares at him for a few seconds before shutting his eyes petulantly. Dean sucks in a breath and reaches forward slowly.
Flipping him over only makes Dean’s heart stutter. It’s easy to say that he just passed out. But it’s not so easy to actually believe it when Dean has seen this expression on Cass’ face before. When he lay in the mud, the silhouette of his wings seared into the ground… his face had looked like this too.
Castiel feels himself bristle as he hears shouting coming from Crowley’s apartment. He hadn’t believed his ears when Aziraphale told him that Dean must have gone to Crowley’s place. Because he knows Dean would never have gone there willingly. And the ruckus inside just proves his point.
To say that Dean was wrong. That they could hunt and have a life. That angel grace or not Cass would still want him.
“How?” Dean wonders, staring down in disgust at the clutter. Dean’s too shell-shocked to comment on the lack of lettuce.
Castiel drags himself out of bed with a groan. Before sitting up and grabbing his gun. It appears that losing his grace is making him lethargic. No one should be knocking on his hotel door. No one even knows that he’s here. He approaches the door silently and peers through the peep hole.
I can send him straight to the Empty. It’s too risky. What if he thinks that I…” He swallows harshly.
Castiel crawls out of Dean’s bed, a numb, ‘sleep well Dean,’ on his lips. Only in the hallway does he realise that he burnt their clothes. Bracing his arms on the door he screws his eyes shut to quell the blurriness. He won’t break. He’d already gotten so much more than he could hope. But how could he go on? How could he watch as Dean flits and has sex with every woman who crosses his path? How would he forget tonight?
After about half an hour of steadily panicking he decides to sit for a moment. Dipping his hands into his pocket he pulls out the crumpled ticket from the Ferris wheel.
“For the love of God - Sam, please let it go to voicemail.” Dean hisses turning to glare at his phone.
the library for almost a day, both, ruefully coming up empty handed. Dean even goes as far as interrogating little Cass (gently of course) as to the details of his wish and the whereabouts of the pearl. Castiel was clueless on both counts and overall dejected that he wasn’t able to help Dean.
Dean who is still mad at him. Can’t look at him. Never forgive him. He’s well and truly dead to Dean.
Sam winces as Dean climbs on the monkey bars. He feels like a parent watching their child play. Except worse. Because he’s constantly thinking… what if Dean had another episode? What if he falls and hits his head? What if he falls on Cass? It’s worse than a circus of clowns.
“You didn’t trust me to look out for us.” Adam supplies. “You didn’t give me a chance to talk to you.”
Cass stares at him for a long time. Dean sees the indecision in his eyes, but he also sees the resolution. He’s going to leave. No matter what.
Dean smiles, “Even if it means lying on my bed and singing kumbaya while the fumigated oil swirls around us?”
Cass and Dean living together in an isolated house. He remembers what had happened with them both while he was just a few rooms over. What could happen in a desolate, cosy cottage? Right now he knows that Cass needs someone like Dean to help him reintegrate into society and that Dean needs his closest friend.
The blurb tells him that ‘Castiel’ has gained a large following so he decided to write a book specifically about the angel. Supposedly it contains information about all the angels, but some special side notes about Castiel also.
The angel shifts, “It’s… honestly, don’t tell Dean, but it isn’t the molecules. Food tastes horrid.” Yea, she isn’t telling that to Dean, especially since he’s under the impression that the angel actually likes them. “Dean makes me eat restaurant food sometimes.” Yea, she can’t imagine anyone
“I thought I was helping them.” she says with despair. This one thing, she can’t even manage to do it right.
"I got you pie." Cass says casually, revealing a delicious looking cherry pie. “And BTW’s Dean.” Oh this better be good. “You are eating that beet.”
“You know me so well.” Crowley hums. “There’s just one tiny thing I want from you: I want to go for a walk.”
They march into the bunker with an air of jubilation that hadn’t been there when they were gone. Dean’s cough has mostly receded and he wears Cass around his neck like a necklace. Dean prances down the stairs while Cass just giggles and squeals. They spin and spin and Dean drops him on the couch, pretending – or Sam hopes he’s pretending – to lean his weight onto Cass.
As he comes down, he sees how flushed Dean is, how close. Castiel reaches forward, gripping his ass and dragging him closer. “Now it’s your turn, Dean. Come for me.”
Dean wants to explode… but he doesn’t, for two reasons: he promised himself that he’d be nicer to Cass and he’s just too damn exhausted.
Dean feels endeared to him. Castiel fights his smile of triumph. He never realised how his heart could flutter – no not flutter – it’s beating as fast as a humming bird’s wings. The butterflies are in his stomach. He suddenly snaps to attention. Endearments are meant to be returned.
“I wish – ” Cass gasps as Dean twists his wrist, relishing in the fact that he can render him speechless. “That I could just burn our clothes away.”
Maybe if he can convince this little Dean that he’s just as shrewd as Sam, it will somehow influence Dean when he’s back to normal.
“I talked to my mom.” Dean continues, clearly wanting to be the one to start the discussion. Maybe he thinks that if he shows Castiel that he can open up, then Castiel will follow suit. It’s sweet, he thinks, but unnecessary.
He’d scared Cass off with all that talk of ‘commitment’ and ‘feelings.’ It doesn’t make sense. He stated the facts, suggested that Cass take ample time to think… where did it all fall apart?
His drinking got worse, his moods were too much for even Sam to keep up with. He’d never been more worried about his brother. But then Cass came back… and daisies sprouted in their gardens once more.
Dean and Cass share a look. It can only be the thing that Michael was so intent to draw away. Does that mean he’s dead? That the creature killed him and Adam?
“Yes.” He whispers, shame coating his voice. “Dean I wasn’t thinking clearly. You – you had just called me from the bottom of the ocean. How was I – how was I supposed to cope?”
“No,” Dean says after a few seconds. “We – we should all be here. Cass and I…” he casts a strange look over to their friend. “We’ll talk later.”
“All I’m tryin’ to say is that to make sure that Cass is happy, we need to make sure he isn’t happy.” Dean finally says. “Until we find a way to fix this.”
“Me and Sam just dealt with a water wraith in Colorado. We got to see the rapids dude!” Dean exclaims
Sam gives Dean the night to cool down. Now that his anger has faded, he’s genuinely worried about Dean. He seems almost broken by whatever happened last night. He ate the oats that Sam made for breakfast without complaint and went straight to his room. Sam knows how much alcohol he has tucked away in there.
“I did lie prone on the bed for minutes after the video was shut off.” Cass says, throwing a cheeky glance Dean’s way.
And now he has to stand here while Crowley holds the book that could very well make Dean fall in love with him.
“Hey Cass?” Dean’s voice calls in the dark. The pie had long been devoured and everyone had gone to sleep. Except Castiel, who watches over the Winchesters.
That just makes it worse. He winces. He never says the right thing. “Without Crowley we’d never have found you.”
He knows that the expression on Dean’s face is entirely because of him. He pushed Dean too far yesterday and now it’s put a rift in their friendship. Castiel pats the pocket of his coat, reassuringly. Maybe he can make Dean a gift… remind his friend that he really does care about him. A man with a plan is what he is.
He focuses his best scowl onto them. The heavens had once trembled under his might, but these two girls’ fear would be more than enough. As long as they stopped looking at Dean like that.
Where is the other one? Sam? He must be close by. Their cursed Impala is parked out front; a clear ‘all creatures steer clear of the area.’
Castiel feels the air shift between them. This is no longer an innocent, friendly discussion between friends. He knows that Dean has known about his unrequited feelings for some time. Out of decency he never mentioned it, but there was no denying that he knew.
She nods. She’s dropping trying to force them to face their feelings. Castiel already knows. Maybe Dean just needs to realise it now too.
Cass out on a date without Sam noticing. And no way is he resorting to sneaking out of the bunker like a couple of teenagers. Especially since the obnoxiously loud bunker door would give them away immediately. Not to mention that Sam’s favourite spot to read is near the stairs.
His hand works furiously and his hips stutter upwards ever so often, chasing after the sensation. He feels the cold splatterings of come hitting his chest and stomach. Dean’s breath comes out in harsh pants as the aftershocks flow through him. His hands rests limply on his dick and his body feels sticky with sweat.
“With Michael.” He sees Dean’s face change. “And the Ma’lak box.” His voice drops as the bad memory resurfaces. The call from Sam, frantically explaining that something was wrong… that he was headed to Mary’s to figure it out. He’d begged him to head back to the bunker to start working out what was wrong with Dean. He remembers the way Sam had sat him down and explained to him gently what Dean wanted to do. The fate he wanted to resign himself to. Castiel had demanded that he talk to Dean, but Sam insisted that he could handle it.
Jody had gone out to the store, complaining that they had nothing suitable for three year olds to eat. Dean had dashed the vegetable mush that they got him and Cass straight up refused to eat anything except Dean’s finger.
Dean feels his dick kick as his orgasm roars through him. His ears sound like a river is flowing behind them and his eyes squeeze together even tighter as his hips twist, chasing after his pleasure.
“Oh you two have a very strong bond. I can tell from the way your auras seem so familiar. It’s very rare that auras actually try gravitating towards one another."
Cass breaks away after a moment, his hair in even more disarray from Dean’s hands running through it. “I need to move on from your lips.”
Actually, he considered asking Cass to go on a date, so that he could experience that part of intimacy. But the thought seemed ludicrous for numerous reasons. Cass doesn’t eat. He’d just be doing it to placate Dean, which defeats the whole exercise. Being around people doesn’t interest him. Cass isn’t a sports fan, nor does Dean think he can swim which hacks off a good portion of his usual ideas for dates. Plus, the purpose of a date is to have a connection. They already have that.
Castiel raises the pitch of his voice, “Let me just tease my angelic commander about being in love with the little human.”
He doesn’t want Dean to fall for him based on something like this. Based on a book that hundreds or maybe even thousands of Supernatural fans had purchased from bookstores. It feels cheap.
He releases Cass’ cock and runs a finger down its length, causing Cass to shiver from the sensitivity.
Slowly, he adds his tongue into the mix, letting it roam around a bit. When he next looks at Cass, Dean realises this time that he was the one with his eyes closed, while Cass’ were wide open.
Despite knowing how wrong it is to abuse their deal like he had - Dean can and probably will hate himself for it later – he can’t bring himself to forgo the feeling of being unbearably, tantalizingly… close.
The ride back is tense. Dean clamps his jaw shut. Convincing Cass to even make the return trip with them had been nothing short of a terrible ordeal. Sam had done most of the talking, Dean, not wanting to let anything… untoward slip out and screw the whole thing.
Dean boasts that they made the pie together and Cass blushes like a scandalised school girl. Oh, how he wants to ask. He wants answers and – and … pictures. Proof that he isn’t hallucinating Dean’s happiness… the way he doesn’t down every drop of alcohol in sight or eat enough food for four people.
Dean could ask the same. “I don’t know man.” He says. “But after we finish here, I’m positive that you can do this.”
if he dares try to feed him that disgusting red thing that looks like an engorged liver. What part of bacon was so hard to understand? Should he say it in Enochian?
A jolt of pleasure causes his hips to snap up; his eyes never leave Dean’s. Castiel continues his rhythm, tightening and twisting near the head every couple of strokes. His hips undulate in the water sloshing out bathwater. Some falls onto Dean who seems utterly indifferent, his eyes are locked onto Castiel’s, his breath hitching in tandem with Castiel’s.
Sam cuts him off swiftly. “No buts, Dean.” He says gently. “I know that you and Cass are closer than me and Cass are, and I’m fine with that.”
Sam presses his lips together and nods. “I can see that. What’s wrong? I – if you don’t mind me asking.”
“Hey Cass?” he waits till he has Cass full attention. “You know you don’t have to worry right. I’m not in love with you.”
He rolls over to face Dean. He looks beautiful, with his skin bathed in the morning sunlight and his eyes sparkling. But his face is pinched with worry. Castiel runs a finger across his forehead, smoothening out the wrinkles.
Dean feels a little more secure in himself now that he knows he isn’t falling for Cass. That would be absurd… and very bad form for a wing man.
“Buddy.” He perches next to Cass letting their knees press together. “I’m sorry for touching your stuff.”
Neither does Castiel, if he’s being honest. Despite the mind-fracturing experiences he’s had with different versions of ‘Dean,’ he still can’t find it in himself to stay away from his friend.
Breathing out harshly, Dean finds himself clinging to a new hope. “We can wish our way out of here. Maybe even gank Chuck in the process.”
Seeing Michael and Lucifer interact in Dean and Cass’ bodies is a whole new level of weird. Dean and Cass always orbited each other but never like this. Never so calculated and predatory.
His mind chooses that moment to conjure up the image of Cass lying in this exact position on his bed. His legs flailing and Dean’s hand wrapped around him, stroking him to completion. The sounds that came from his lips are exactly like the noises that Dean is holding back now. The peaceful, blissed out expression on his face is what drives Dean over the edge.
“You can’t stop this,” Chuck tells him. “Even if you could find Billie, she’d never let you near Jack. I’ve accepted my fate.” He nods to himself.
He wants to know what Lucifer did to him. What tortures he’d endured in the time that Dean had failed him… but he didn’t want to force him to face those memories, not yet. And truth be told, he didn’t want to know. Not yet.
Dean he’d been forced to execute again and again. He’d felt shattered every time, his humanity pushed further and further back to protect himself. Yet, when the time came, despite all his ‘practice,’ he couldn't bear to kill Dean.
“So.” Dean says suavely and for one horrible moment Castiel thinks he’s about to flirt with her. She’s certainly pretty enough to interest Dean. But what happens next is far worse. “Tell me more about our ‘auras.’”
“Good morning Dean. Sam.” Castiel calls grumpily as he enters the room. He doesn’t miss the way he squeezes Dean’s hand on his way to the table.
Dean shudders in relief and Castiel follows him inside, lying flat against his friend’s side. He grips his arm tightly as they both get accustomed to their new situation. “Let’s close it up.” Dean says.
“Adam.” Michael manifests himself. It’s dangerous to ignore the physical world and be here like this. But he needs to know what’s wrong. “Adam?” he shakes his shoulders gently.
What if he really does want to be alone? What if by pushing and pushing, Dean makes him feel as though he doesn’t have any privacy. What if angels need space sometimes? What if at night is the only time he gets any peace and quiet, and now Dean is here, disrupting it all? This is why he needs the damn book. Pronto.
But in his surprise, Dean forgot to consider one important detail: Castiel now looks like the mirror image of Cass. One look at Sam tells him that he noticed too.
That had been humiliating, though he supposes he’s thankful that the entire pie stuck to his face covered his surely embarrassing expression. Dean had chortled like a mad-man and even Sam had let out a chuckle. Castiel, however, had been enraged.
Castiel feels it poetic that Dean gets to carry him into their cottage. He’s a new man now and it feels exhilarating. He’s freed from his grace… from thinking that he needs it to be useful to Dean. The gently way Dean handles him and the concern in his eyes for a purely human Castiel reassures him of Dean’s affection more than words – however sweet they are – ever would.
die.” Lucifer grins at the thought. “Maybe it will be in bed, in the night when there’s nothing you can do to stop it, or maybe his face just drops into his breakfast… you won’t know when it’s coming. You won’t be able to stop it. It will eat you up bit by bit… and Dean will know… and he’ll hate himself.”
Disappointment immediately colours his features, washing away any trace of sleepiness. “You don’t think it’s me.” he pushes himself up, avoiding Castiel’s eyes. “I deserve that.”
But what would Dean like? He already concluded that beer and skin mags are out of the question. What about a macaroni drawing. The Internet assures him that people appreciate those. But how does Dean feel about macaroni.
Cass growls unhappily, shoving his own hand down Dean’s pants. He hisses at the unexpected contact, but manages not to lose control of his hands.
“Well, at dinner we’re going to be showing him that we’re still best friends – who aren’t sleeping together.” Dean explains. “And that there’s nothing for him to be suspicious about.”
Grip tightening on the door, Dean cracks it open an extra few inches, letting him inside. Castiel almost trips over his own feet trying to get into the room, but that doesn’t stop him from catching Sam’s eye as he rounds the corner.
“Squeeze me baby till the juice runs down my leg; the way you squeeze my lemon, I’m gonna fall right out of bed.” His voice is scratchy, hardly a singer’s. But he makes the effort. He remembered the lyrics from ‘Dean’s Top 13 Zepp Traxx’.
“Okay, Cass. Now that we’re back…” Dean rubs his hands together, allowing Sam to get a peek at the page.
“That is what you do isn’t it. Demon deals make hell go round.” He waves a hand and Crowley is back on two feet. “I don’t got all day boy.”
Dean and Castiel stand near the tub. Dean is in his ‘dead guy robe’ as he shows Castiel how to measure out the correct amount of bubble bath. It’s surprisingly small and by his guestimate the bottle will last them almost sixty uses. Plugging the drain, Dean pours it in and starts the tap.
Thinking of the hell days isn’t exactly helpful right now, so Dean pushes it down, swallowing it like a hard pill with a glass of straight whiskey.
“There’s something I’ve always wanted to know… so I’ll give you a chance to save them.” Chuck raises one finger then. “One of them.”
The nickname could be passed off as a coincidence. The pie could be excused – because the world knows Dean’s love of pie.
But no, it’s worse, as he looks around the corner, he finds Crowley, his lips pressed to Dean’s neck, blood flowing freely. He dips a vial near his collarbone, aptly catching the drips. Like he’s done a thousand times before, Cass realises in horror.
Slowly. So painfully slowly. Slow in a way that gives Dean enough time to appreciate the sight and feel of Cass sitting in his lap, Cass begins unbuttoning his shirt. He pushes it off, his eyes once more flitting to Dean’s uncertainly. Dean nods, letting him know that everything is fine. But everything isn’t fine. Right now, he’s reminded of that picture of the dog sitting in a burning house sipping tea with the caption box that says ‘This Is Fine.’
Suddenly the yellow eyes don’t bother him. He misses their Crowley. Dean hadn’t gotten a chance to talk to him before his sacrifice. Sam had been the one with the spell.
Sam remembers the way Cass happily chucked the rest of his pies in the garbage, and how he seemed so cherry in the moments after. He’d actually even considered reminding him that tasting horrible isn’t a good thing. But then he glanced at Dean, who sat there chopping away, occasionally stopping to gag, but eating it nonetheless.
Looking up at him from his spot between Dean’s legs, Cass nudges his dick with his nose. “Does this – the things I’m doing – do they really elicit such a reaction from you?”
Dean scoffs then like he’s morally offended by Sam asking him to not flirt with every woman he sees. Sam is tempted to ask if he’s overcompensating for something… but he knows the answer to that. Their father made it abundantly clear that they can never have a normal life… never settle down. And that meant that one-night stands were the way to go. But Sam doesn’t want to bring up John right now. But he isn’t letting Dean off the hook either. When Cass fesses up, Dean will realize that Sam was only trying to protect his feelings, and he will be thankful.
is the older one?” Dean whispers to Cass. “This place is unbelievable. I can’t wait to get the hell out of here. I’d even go back to watching the angel and the demon screw each other.”
“In the spirit of closeness.” He says, watching Sam for his reaction. “Why don’t the three of us go out for dinner?”
“I wonder when Sam died.” Dean’s voice drifts over. “If he was happy. Maybe he quit the life, settled down. I know he always wanted to.”
“Chuck killing you will be the catalyst that drives him to victory.” It says if a mocking voice. “Your death will save him. You should be happy.” It cackles. “Oh wait, you are.”
Castiel’s heavenly glare tells her she should have dropped it, like Sam asked. But she’d been so sure.
he knows Sam, which is why he tried to shove a ‘dog’ in his face and why he thinks he’s got the upper hand despite being the one chained to a chair, unable to even scratch his nose.
“Anything you give to me, I’ll cherish.” Castiel reaches out, finding Dean’s shoulder in a comforting gesture, “You don’t have to do anything that you can’t handle.
Panic claws at Dean’s throat. Everything feels tight. Everything is happening too fast and Dean feels utterly powerless. Sam’s going to kill Cass. The thought has him squirming trying to break the djinn’s unbreakable hold. Cass wouldn’t even have a chance to retaliate… Sam will probably come to him as a friend before stabbing him in the back.
His sigh draws the other Dean’s attention. His eyes blow wide open and he shoves Dean out of the way and rushes over to embrace him. “Cass.” He breathes, one hand coming to rest on Castiel’s neck. “Castiel.” He breathes harshly. “I can’t believe you’re here.”
Michael is a ticking time bomb and they need to find a way to lock him in the bunker before he finally comes to his senses and starts pillaging. Sam likes to attribute Michael’s current inactivity to Dean somehow stopping him. It’s a pipe dream and he knows it, but the thought is the only thing giving him the will to go forward.
“I’d like to welcome you all here today to mourn the passing of a good friend.” His voice is solemn, the slight waver indicates that something is actually wrong – that Dean isn’t just playing a prank on them.
“You remember that night?” he asks, clenching the wheel. This is turning into dating territory again. What with the constant reassurance and the trip down memory lane. “Sam was… AWOL and you came to me with your hair-brained scheme – to trap Gabriel. We were hunting buddies, I got to teach you all the stuff about cases and interacting with people. That was fun.”
Continuing breathlessly, Cass doesn’t let up on his bear hug. Not that Dean minds. It’s the most human contact he’s had in a while. “I’m glad that you’re finally putting yourself first. This is important Dean… thank you for sharing it with me.”
Then he kisses Dean, letting their lips move together in a way he’d never thought he’d get to experience. In a way that makes him really forget.
And Dean is right. Though bare, the inside is spacious; unlike the bunker which had always left him feeling a permeated with cold and solitude, this cottage felt warm. A short glance to his left tells him that Dean is also taking stock. A soft smile plays on his face and his shoulders relax instantly.
Sam tells himself he’s only leaving so that Dean can have some time to process. In actuality, he knows he’s just sparing himself Dean’s wrath when everything finally catches up to his brother.
Well, today is the day that changes. Even though he knows that rationally, Dean doesn’t know what he does and isn’t to blame, Sam is ready to strangle him.
“Mom.” He says slowly, “I think I understand what you’re trying to do. And you’re right. Cass and I do share a profound bond.” Cass’ head whips up at that. He looks almost nauseous. Could the thought of being with Dean really be so repellent? Sure, Dean isn’t
Sam dangles the soggy green thing in front of him and Dean just back away. “I know what to call the Sam-Cass bond.” He says testily. “It’s ‘a brotherly bothering bond.’”
Other times, in moments of weakness. When they had gotten into a fight he’d whisper them, with the intention of shoving Cass out and slamming the door behind him but his voice would always break on the last io-iad. Every time he said it he feels his resolve dissolving, the words are poison, eroding his will, killing any chance he has of carrying through.
A towel is flung at him and it falls into his lap becoming completely drenched immediately. “Thanks.” He says drily.
Then there’s the issue of Cass. All Dean wants is a straight answer from him – which is incredibly ironic given the allegations against them.
Sam glances over to where Dean and Cass are playing. Dean insisted that they race with some pull-back cars that Jody got from the store. He sees the way Cass watches intently as Dean explains some technique that he thinks will make the car go faster.
Dean knows where this is going. It’s happened to him so many times before… except with a chick and no towels.
Dean had surely noticed. It’s near impossible not to. How could he stand looking at him? Castiel could barely maintain eye contact in the mirror. With great care and precision, as though approaching a demon he grazes his finger across the tip of one. It stings sharper than a bruise but less than a torn muscle. Yanking his hands away he wonders what he can do to make himself more presentable.
“Do you think they’re together?” Sam wonders as he follows Jody to the hall. He knows this route. It’s the way to Dean’s room.
The angel merely glances at him with a neutral expression. “Sam would have never believed what I just said.”
“Don’t say anything yet.” He whispers. “I know ten years is a long time. I know things can get frustrating and that all those years of waiting might have brought on a sense of urgency. But Cass,” Dean strokes cups his cheek with his free hand, using his thumb to brush at the longer grains of hair. “time isn’t running out for us. We’re doing this. Finally. Let’s do it right. I know I just sprung this on you and that wasn’t fair of me. So think about it alright… then, only when you’re ready, you come back and tell me what comes next.”
“Because…” Dean responses, pausing to consider his next words. “Are you going to stay?” he says finally, unable to look directly at Castiel.
And Dean does know. He always presumed that Cass knew he loved him; but he always knew, that without a shadow of a doubt, that Cass loved him back.
In all honesty, he’s sized up Dean long before bringing this up. He’s fairly certain that Dean will just placate him some more, but this is something he needs to hear in person, after beating himself up about it for so long.
Embolden, Castiel dips his own finger into the pot, feeling Dean’s eyes on him the entire time. He brings it to his lips and spreads it across them, grinning at Dean. After a short moment of indecision he leans forward using the tip of his tongue to trace Castiel’s before smoothly transitioning into a full kiss. The caramel is still sticky and sweet between them and Castiel feels like Dean is deliberately pushing it into his mouth, but he enjoys the kiss.
“Look.” Dean leans in closer, “There’s something I should probably show you, but it’s supposed to be a surprise and I can’t risk Cass finding out. I don’t want him to … leave again – you know? Just – just hang on Sammy, trust me.”
Again, she laughs loudly. “My lamp?” she chuckles. “If you could see inside, you would not call it ‘itty bitty.’”
Scoffing, Sam decides it’s not the time to pick a fight with Dean, “So Cass remembers that he’s an angel and has powers. He obviously remembers you. So that’s a start.” Sam racks his mind for a plan of action. The sooner they get Cass back the better. “We need to start researching right away.”
Lying to Dean has never wrought anything good. Castiel knows that what he’s been doing – hiding all these years, the veiled glances, the guise of only friendship – that it’s horrible wrong and misleading.
“I wasn’t.” Dean says truthfully, which only causes Cass to stare at him, pissed. “I was worried that Sam would try to kill you too.”
At the same moment he looks up, Michael hears a screeching sound that brings him to his knees beside Adam.
So Dean opens his eyes. It’s nice. The chilly breeze blowing across his face. The distant glow of the city’s lights that aren’t bright enough to drown out the stars. His gaze sweeps across the skyline before dipping sharply down and reminding him where he is. The ground looks about twenty feet down. A fall from this height would surely kill him – or paralyse him.
He should have known that Sam would remember. His brother is like an elephant when it comes to these things.
Hot hands trail down his chest, disregarding his jacket and shirt, immediately heading for his pants. It doesn’t take much coaxing from Dean to get him hard. His tongue laves at his pink head trailing down every so often to tickle his balls. Dean releases him, drawing back to remove his own pants, fiddling around in his jacket pocket.
Pining from a distance was something he’d grown accustomed to. If he agrees to what Dean is asking, that opens up a whole new world of hurt for him. This makes everything real. And anything that’s real can be lost… or destroyed… or worse yet… forgotten.
Shame has him dropping his head, pressing it further into the mud. Castiel will never see Dee again. He’ll never have a chance to prove himself to Sam. Or to explain himself to Dee. The gender reveal would shock him, if it didn’t resonate with what his own Cass had said. If he chose a female body, Dean would have been on him like whipped cream on pie. The djinn would be trapped for a hundred years until another master finds him. Dee would be long dead, he wouldn’t even be able to see him, or wish him back to life. He’d just be gone.
Dean and Castiel are going house to house on a few potential suspects. Turns out that the victims were from a nearby town so it’s highly likely that they share a few friends in the area. The guest list had been a bust, much to Dean’s chagrin, but Mary knows the importance of being through. She’s pretty sure her boys know it too; sometimes they just like to bitch though.
That’s a lot to digest. Sam gives Dean a pointed look. It shouldn’t be Sam that’s the only one speaking, especially when the contention lies between Dean and Cass.
good. Words are one thing, but actions and interpretations are another. They still have a long way to go before good. But this is a start. Dean and Cass are talking. No one is in need of a diaper change – thank God.
“I should leave.” Dean’s face looks stricken even as he mutters the words. “To keep you safe… is that – is that why you left?”
“I’m glad you enjoy this Dean.” He murmurs, tracing his fingertips across Dean’s still closed eye lids. “Open your eyes. I want to see you as you come apart under my hands.”
Sam glances at his right mirror and winces. Should he even mention this? He knows that Cass likes his coat. “Cass, your coat is hanging out.”
Slowly, reluctantly he steps through the underbrush surrounding the bunker lost in his thoughts the times where he had felt accepted and included in the Winchester’s family and the times he had ruined their relationship.
“Okay. Good.” Sam huffs then, “You know I thought they were too buddy, buddy. I should have known something was up, but we were just so caught up in – everything.”
He wants to argue that it’s already so good, so perfect that he feels like he’s about to die from the sensations. But then Dean adds a third finger, moving them slowly inside him. This one burns slightly and his muscles fight against it, clenching.
Jack is safe at least. Castiel can take solace in the fact that he has one less person to worry about. Whatever her plan, Billie needs Jack.
“It says how to make him fall in love… not how to make him sleep with you!” Cass says indignantly, his face is the picture of rage.
tucked behind his back. It’s a classic, one Dean forces them to watch often… He’s a sucker for the movie. Sam is also equipped with a pound of bacon
Cass would have every right to hate him for the manipulation. Dean went into that book with his eyes wide open. He knew it was wrong. He knew it could blow up in his face. But, at the time, the risk seemed worth the potential reward: making Cass feel at home… convincing him to stay.
The siren, he realises, kissed him often. And he’s lavished in the attention like a fly tangled in the web of a hungry spider. It must have had such fun with him. Castiel feels violated. His body. His mind. The sanctity of Dean. Violated.
With a rough movement, Cass shoves him away. “You don’t even have the courtesy to give me a straight answer!”
“She is.” Dean insists. “Cass.” He says, turning to face him completely. “There’s this thing about humans. We have… hang-ups. Stuff that we want but we don’t want. And that’s scary.”
Nodding excitedly, Dean shovels some pie into his own mouth before replying: “That’s the crust. It’s honey glazed. Thought you might like it.”
Sam wants to hold onto that, even though it made things harder with him. There was less free time, the stress was constant. The worry that something would happen.
In no mood for games, Castiel cuts him brusquely off before he can complete that thought, “Dean is safe. With me. Stop calling.”
“I feel guilty.” He admits. This cabin. Seeing how similar it was to the… last world. “You know what we’re doing, right?”
“Well, why don’t you tell us something that only Cass would know.” Jody says, smiling encouragingly at Dean.
Castiel considers this. “So… you don’t think you should date your best friend? Despite the millions of people who’ve done it and have turned out happy.”
“That… makes sense.” Dean admits reluctantly, he doesn’t want to give Sam the satisfaction of being right, but he doesn’t want Sam to
Cass laughs. “You may find this ironic Dean… did you know that many people refer to erections as boners.”
His eyes trial off. Cass really feels like this? No wonder he said yes. They hadn’t let him know how much he meant. How much they would miss him if he died. Things would be different, Dean decides. He had the book. He had the know how. And most importantly, he cares about Cass.
know when you’re in love. You might try to deny it, trick yourself into thinking otherwise, drown it in someone else, but it’s inevitable. Undeniable.
“Dean. Dean.” This Castiel’s tearful pleas break him from his trance. “I missed you. I – I’m so sorry I couldn’t – I couldn’t save you. Dean I’m s-sorry. Dean-” he breaks off, sobbing into Dean’s coat. His grief is so profound that it seeps into Dean and he feels tears of his own gathering as Castiel clutches him tightly. He feels like the most wretched son of a bitch to have ever lived. Because he’s about to plunge the angel back into despair. To tell him that Dean isn’t the Dean he knows. That they have to leave.
A throat clearing has him springing away. He breathes out harshly, not daring to look over at Cass. Instead he focuses on the hotel security guard who glowers at them. How long had they been kissing? It had entirely slipped Dean’s mind that someone was about to catch them.
Swallowing the rest of that sentence, Dean tries to cover it with a smile. Oh, but Castiel knows. He’d watched Dean pick up women from bars most night and watched as they preened under his careful attention. Jealousy had hacked away at him just like it is now. For a woman whose face Dean would forget the next day.
Smirking, Crowley continues his taunting, running his hands along Gabriel’s arms. “Not yet.” He quite likes the angel’s possessiveness.
“A book. Like Crowley’s.” Sam hiss whispers. “I remember you told me about it before everything went down at the convention.”
They have time, so he moves unhurriedly, determined to wring out every last of pleasure from his friend.
“And I like my privacy.” He sighs, damn if he was exhausted before he might as well get into a coffin after that strenuous exchange.
Sam whips his head around and finds that Jody is right. Cass, angel of the lord, is indeed nibbling on his brother’s pinkie finger.
“No.” Dean sounds serious now, pushing himself onto his elbows. “I – I’m kind of relieved to be honest. I missed you.”
Barely any time had passed since their reunion but Dean already seems like a changed man. He’s infinitely nicer, he cuddles with Castiel regularly and does shy away from his feelings (except anything that deals with Sam, but Castiel understands his reluctance to broach that topic.)
Right. Turns out that Cass got zapped too. So far, he’s spilled the beans stealing some of Dean’s cassette tapes and wishing that Dean would stop eating all the food in the bunker. Neither were particularly shocking.
He’ll have to call Sam. The younger Winchester should get here within a few hours. He’d retrieve his grace from their garden – it still thrives even after all these years. A pyre would need to be built for Dean. His ashes would remain here, scattered across the land, it’s what Dean would want.
Jack crushes him to his chest, he can feels his child’s smile on his shoulder, the relief he feels as he sags into Castiel. This had been especially taxing for Jack. He suspects once the euphoria and adrenaline run out, Jack will crash.
Naked, he turns, holding up a vial of grace – Castiel’s grace – and beaming proudly. But that’s not what Crowley’s eyes are focused on… it’s the hickey that he left on his collar bone. The hickey he hadn’t healed after all.
“Course I’ll go on a brate with you.” Dean says, patting his leg… the part of his leg that is dangerously close to… something else.
All of a sudden she yanks her hands away, pitching herself back into her seat. “This is going to be hard.” She warns. “I’ll need time to create the mind map and the spell needed.”
In a burst of what can only be insanity, Dean props himself onto his elbows and leans over onto Cass side, pressing a kiss onto the other man’s jawline.
“He won’t leave Dean.” Sam promises. “It’s highly likely that he’ll remember his time as a child. He won’t leave when he knows what you did for him.”
He moans as Dean lowers his head to his throat licking and kissing gently along his way. “Mhhh so good Cass.” His name, coming off Dean’s tongue in that tone sends tremors rolling through him. If he could die happy, it would be here.
It’s only then he realises how nervous Cass looks. It’s as bad as the night they went to the strip club. Dean being up in his personal space probably isn’t doing wonders for him either. So, Dean reclines on the bed, still close to him, but out of sight.
Dean can’t imagine how Cass could fall in love with him after the way Dean treated him but this is Cass.
His hips stutter as he relived the sensations of that moment. The dominant command. The caring blue eye’s that he’d stared up at.
“Dean, I’m not mad.” Sam shouts. “I just – thought you, of all people, understood the importance of always being on guard.”
Because simulation Dean’s eyes were never right. Because simulation Dean had never left Sam for him. Because simulation Dean never looked remorseful even as he ripped Castiel to shreds. Because simulation Dean had never cared. Most of all though, simulation Dean would never,
His brain taunts. He wants to tell it to shut up, but the countless years of monsters making snide remarks about them refuse to be silenced. Even Sam, on occasion would take a jab at them. But… Dean never put any stock into it. Cass never seemed to have any reaction whatsoever.  Dean doesn’t know how he can keep living in a world where Cass is in love with him.
“Should I tune your radio then?” Castiel replies, unable to resist Dean’s teasing, “Or should I … put some junk in your trunk.”
The secret is part of it – a small part. Sam can’t speak for Dean, but he knows that Dean’s worried about what might have happened if Cass had somehow felt happy. He’d just be gone. Without warning. Never to be seen again.
Dean doesn’t know how he feels about blowing a guy. After the first time they brought it up, Dean had done some checking. About technique and speed and suction. The thought of having something in his mouth is a bit degrading. It’s Cass and he knows he won’t use it against him but Dean can’t shake the feeling. But he can’t deny that something in him flipped at the thought of it.
Maybe Sam should have let it go to voicemail and let Dean carry on staring at Cass for the rest of the night. But this is Jody; she helped him when the mere thought of taking care of Dean and Cass and doing research scared him to death.
“You made Cass trick Dean,” he hisses. Mom’s head turns and she stares at him as though he just said the most outlandish thing. But it makes sense; Cass hasn’t been acting like ‘Cass’ for some time. Sam had just been too preoccupied to see Lucifer’s influence.
No he didn’t see it. But he knows how distressed Cass had been after Dean left… Sam had shared in the sentiment. “I would have hugged him too. Cass thought he had
Dean gives an uneasy smile, resisting the urge to press a hand to his cheek like a blushing school girl. “Let’s go. Before those kids devour all the cotton candy.”
“That’s why I always wondered why you seemed so intent on focusing your attention on me during our interactions.” Cass cocks his head to peer up at Dean. “At first I attributed it to your inexperience with men. Then I presumed it was because you didn’t want Sam to know. Then –”
The oils are apparently in alphabetical order and he searches frantically for lavender. How many L’s are there?
“Well we’re not here for a reading lady.” Dean says, stepping fully into the room. “We’re just here to see if you can get us the hell out of here – back to our universe.”
Sam can’t believe it. Maybe Dean not telling him about the pearl has something to do with why he’d been collapsing as of late.
Crossed legged on the bed with his thumb and fore fingers pressed together with his elbow balanced on his knee.
Breathing deeply to calm himself down, he tries to take in Dean’s words. To reconcile himself with the fact that he’d been living a lie… for weeks. Thinking that Dean was in love with him… happy with him… sure, there had been doubt, but for all intents and purposes he thought that his new life was real.
An incredulous noise floats directly into his ear. “What world are you living in?” Dean demands, shifting his head slightly. Sam’s shoulder cries in relief; Dean’s head is heavier than it looks. “I’m probably in love with Cass.”
“I wasn’t Michael.” Adam says firmly. “I swear. I was going to tell you to get us away. Somewhere he wouldn’t find us.”
“How can I stop, when I’m having so much fun.” Dean says sarcastically. “Sam. Press the undo button.”
Dean’s eyes widen. Only two of them? What about Cass? But before he has a chance to say anything the Shadow vanishes.
He wants to at least push himself up into a sitting position but he’s too afraid he slips and falls. Dean’s legs had betrayed him about halfway through his shower. He feels the phantom pain of having his heart ripped out, clinging to life by one thread of flesh. The redness of the water swirling around doesn’t help in the slightest.
Where could Cass have wandered off to anyway? It’s unlikely that he’s been attacked. This place is too crowded for that to not cause a hubbub. Maybe he just got distracted with some strange looking fruit or something. Whatever the case may be, he knows he has to find Cass before leaving.
And the tumultuous emotions that follow: fear, hope, anxiety, love and others that Dean doesn’t even know the words for.
It takes a few minutes for Dean to speak again but when he does, it has Sam rolling. “Sam, I don’t like ka-lee. Don’t make me.”
“Dean.” He breathes, his voice laced with regret. “I’m sorry. I just … forgot where I was. It won’t happen again. I swear it.”
Cass’ face falls and Sam almost feels bad. They took one day off in years to relax. But this thing could have killed them while they were lost in their own heads.
Nervously, Dean glances around, “Well, I was thinking that we could check out the town a bit… investigate for the case.”
Dean chooses to ignore that… mostly because he doesn’t like being laughed at. “So what about you Dean… Dee… Deanie.” He makes a face at the slew of nicknames. “What’s the deal with the djinn.”
Mary frowns as she enters the room. Sam is just standing there, glaring down at Crowley. His hands are clenching and unclenching. It looks like he’s seconds away from throttling the demon. Not that she can blame him, Crowley has been a constant pest; singing the strangest of songs and jingling his chains to the beat.
Somehow finding his wits, Dean manages to reciprocate, wrapping his arms around Castiel trying not to focus on how
Sam and Mary sit stiffly in the front. Sam clutches the wheel and Mary just looks down into her lap. Suddenly, he remembers everything. Dean.
Dean wants to rant… rage… smash something to pieces or kill a monster. But they’re at the bottom of the ocean. There’s nothing here except him and Cass. Cass who risked an eternity of torment just to stay with him. He feels his heart swell; he had been stuck in the darkness for days, months, years he couldn’t be sure. The prospect of drowning forever had him in constant distress. Worse yet, Michael wouldn’t even let him sleep.
The poor child has an obsession with the bubbles, pouring almost the entire container of soap into the water with Cass, who had only seemed amused and delighted with the attention, and began swishing his hands to make more bubbles.
The streetlight is shot and it’s so dark he can barely make out the outline of the baby … except, not really a baby. Given his size Dean would guess he’s around two or three. In the moonlight he manages to make out the faintest hint of silver blue eyes. In that instant, Dean is as lucid as ever and he knows one thing for sure. This child will get his unyielding protection and he’d never abandon it.
Wincing he realises how ‘Dean’ that is. Sneaking off to get it on with some chick. He isn’t doing that, but still, it’s unsettling how well they know him. “I’m not doing that.” He says truthfully, “Look – it’s just – four of us in that small hotel room isn’t really comfortable for me. It’s getting claustrophobic, I just need some air.”
Dean rubs his brow, “Uh, well there’s this – book!” Sam presses his lips together to stifle his laugh at Dean’s nervousness. “Chuck wrote it before he went on his sabbatical. It’s about angels… and there are sections specifically about Cass.”
“Of course I do.” He says bitterly. He doesn’t understand why Dean teases him like this. He’ll never open the box. “But only if you get out with me.” he adds.
Cass gets in and flicks the radio on. Dean scoffs and moves to change the station to something that isn’t completely crappy.
Sticking his tongue out at Sam, Dean takes the bag from Cass graciously. Peering inside, he feels his stomach flip at the array of flavors.
The tremble starts in his fingers, and slithers up the rest of his arm, passes his jaw and reaches his lips. “Sam was worried, h-he sent me.” Panic fills him once more, dread at being sold out, although he probably deserves it. He feels tears gather in his eyes, followed by more shame.
Castiel would usually talk to Dean about something like this. Get a new perspective. Dean had even offered to help him figure out what is real. But he can’t risk the simulation knowing that he knows.
Well lots of moisture for sure. But Dean’s mouth feels as dry as a desert right now, nerves sapping up all of his spit. Uh, water! He needs water. He reaches into Cass’ pants to release his cock. It feels familiar in his hands, which really speaks to how much they’ve done together.
He shakes his head and leans against the stove. Firey hot pain has him flinching away, rubbing at the source of his pain. The burn sizzles and Sam winces looking at it. It’s tiny and inconsequential so he doesn’t bother rushing for the burn cream. What’s one more scar, right?
. Instead, he chooses to spend his time in a more productive manner – in bed, with his hand down his pants.
Maybe I had a nice time when it was just you me and that girl. “A demon wants what a demon wants.” He says instead
Dean swallows, looking more frightened than relieved but hikes up his pant leg to reveal the new smooth skin.
Castiel gives him a disbelieving look and wants to accuse him of lying… but that’s impossible. They’re both under a truth spell. But how could Dean, the best hunter he knows, have looked for him and not found him? Something about that just isn’t right.
“Dean! Look at the road!” unprepared for such a harsh chastisement, his head immediately snaps forward, taking stock of the empty dirt road.
Dean kicks at the floor of his room. Sure, he’d done the nice guy thing and told Cass that decisions don’t need to be rushed. Now, he’s in the awkward position of having to wander around aimlessly, but nervously, with a ton of anxiety for an undetermined amount of time.
It makes his heart flutter to know that Dean would bake a pie just for him, the random stranger who broke his window and tried to steal his coffee. But in all fairness, Castiel had never felt happier to spend three hundred dollars on a pane of glass.
“C-ass.” He gasps. “This is –” his words falter and disappear from his mouth as Cass picks up the pace.
Loud laughter booms as Lucifer steps into the room. His hands spread wide, spinning in a circle and taking in the scene around him. “Oh.” He coos. “Look at my little birdies.”
Lucifer’s words still haunt him. Those minutes in the simulation had wreaked havoc on his perception of reality. But the thing is, he’s always been able to figure out whether Dean is real. That reminds Castiel of something.
“I know.” Dean says. “I want to be sure. I know I’m not supposed to be going in here with any biases Cass… but I’m prayin’ that this is real. I think we’d be good together. It’s like I told you… you and me, we’re just better together.”
house – I want to be with you completely more than anything. But I know that I’ll just fuck it up… and maybe you’ll stay.” Dean swipes a hand through his hair. It’s longer than Cass has ever seen it. “One day though, you’ll o[pen your eyes and see that there’s a whole world out there. One where you can be happy without me yelling or drinking or not talking about my emotions.”
With slow steps, Cass makes his way over to the door. Dean matches him step for step, all the while wondering what’s about to happen. Like a sloth, Cass raises his arm and slowly turns the door knob, casting Dean a forlorn look before stepping out onto the porch.
“Say it don’t spray it.” Dean barks another laugh; Castiel can’t remember a time when Dean had laughed freely so often. “You’ll definitely need to spray it though.”
Cass smiles at him and he feels some of the tension abate. “I told you Dean, you should have taken off your clothes.”
Dean just takes his hand and places it on his knee. “I’m not in the mood.” He counters. He’s sure that Dean isn’t up for anything either after expending all his energy on crying. Dean just trails his fingers past his kneecap – the one that he always rubs when he’s nervous – and down to his leg.
“Alright.” Sam say, “Dean and I care going to break away and head to the fountain, you and mom hang back.”
Those three words rock his world. The barn had been emotional. He was pretty sure that they were going to lose Cass for good at that time. He remembered being worried for both Dean and Cass; Dean because he clearly hadn’t been in touch with reality, not believing that Cass would actually die. And for Cass because he seemed desperate to get his last words out despite Dean.
That’s when all the blood races to his face. Dean would pray that the darkness is hiding his flush, but knowing Cass, he’d probably hear his prayer and laugh.
Cass remains silent, looking away. It’s a tricky situation for Cass and Dean doesn’t even realize the position he’s putting him in. And Sam can’t say anything.
He holds out a hand and shakes his head. Adam’s face falls but he doesn’t pull away. Instead, he rests his arms on Michael’s shoulders, his hands coming up to cover his ears. It’s a nice gesture, but in this incorporeal form, it does little to block out the noise. But Adam’s hands on him feels nice. Familiar.
and a slice of apple pie. And, if all else fails, he can stream the new Game of Thrones from his phone.
He spies a figure just over Dean’s shoulder. “Cass!” he shouts, releasing Dean to pull Cass into a hug.
“I don’t expect you to.” Cass says, finally turning to face him. “But you asked her ‘Why doesn’t he talk to me like that?’”
Crowley zaps himself to Dean’s room, scaring the crap out of him if he doesn’t say so himself. The beer bottle he’s holding almost flies out the window.
The tablets can protect themselves by changing their written word. It means that Castiel can string along Crowley until the demon eventually gets frustrated and leaves… or Dean gets pissed and kills him - whichever comes first. It also means he doesn’t need to tell Dean the truth about
Cass leans all the way over to Dean’s side and presses a swift kiss to his cheek. Somehow, that little kiss feels more intimate than any of the others they shared before. Maybe because it’s broad daylight. Maybe because Dean isn’t accustomed to getting kissed on the cheek. The chicks he usually hooks up with usually just get down to business; neck biting and lip lock before the main course.
Dean can only assume that ‘Dee’ means ‘Dean.’ Which, guh. Why do people in this world insist on having crappy nicknames for him?
“It’s like – damnit Cass – urgh!” he stammers some more, pulls at his hair and eventually lowers himself onto the mat outside the tub. “It’s the same as that night.”
His head is swimming as Jack and Sam embrace him. His feet are rooted in place and all he can do is stare longingly.
But they need them. Castiel’s powers are too drained to sustain such large and sudden jumps. The frequency alone would have killed him.
Dean hums. He lays on his back, arms folded behind his head, his chest still rises rapidly and his lips and neck look completely flushed. Castiel curses the existence of the refractory period. If here were still at full power he’d make it so that they could both perform for as long as they wanted.
Sam raises his eyebrows and gestures to the child who is almost swimming in Dean’s oversized shirt. He swings his hips left to right and watches as the jersey swishes.
Hey guys! I know I've been gone for a bit. BUT I'm back... and with a fully functioning laptop! So I'm hoping to get back to more regular updates. Thanks so much for being patient. I've absolutely loved reading your comments and hearing what you think!
Despite his insistence that he’s Dean’s ‘friend’, he knows that Crowley would jump at the chance of having demon Dean at his side, pillaging and raiding across the globe.
Cass says nothing, but Dean can see the gears turning. He has half a mind to turn off the internet in the bunker to prevent Cass from googling ‘friends with benefits.’ Poor guy would be
Dean has an obsession. It’s borderline crazy sometimes, as obsessions tend to get. Sometimes he spends hours behind it, frantically investigating.
Castiel gives himself a moment to register the shock on Dean’s face, to see that his words had broken ground and registered in Dean’s mind. Then he walks away.
He knew, even at the beginning, it was only a matter of time before the cycle started again. Yet, Castiel felt some pride that he was able to sojourn it, if only for one night.
of all people knowing about him and Cass. They’re still so new and knowing Crowley, he’ll definitely use this as a weakness to exploit them in the not so distant future.
Dean begins to wonder if he’d even been real all this time or if he’d been an … imaginary friend that Chuck concocted to keep them in check. His world tilts, he’s way too drunk to be thinking about this shit.
As strange as this world is, Dean doesn’t know if he has it in him to kill a ‘Sam.’ Any Sam. He’s see the face of his baby brother, though this Sam is the opposite. His skin is weathered in a way his Sam’s isn’t. Sam’s eyes look weary, critical, seeing the worst in everything. His only goal, his only shot at redemption, being to keep his brother safe.
“It doesn’t work that way.” Dee interrupts, his voice coming from behind Dean. The fact that he was able to sneak up on him tells him just how much Cass’ revelation has shaken him.
Yeah, good timing Sam, he figured out that Cass was using him weeks. If they were still in the box it might as well have been a millions years ago.
“I pick…” Cass forces the next word out against every instinct in his body. “Sam.” The words feel final.
“Ah, yes.” Dean exhales. “You’ve been a great companion, but now, I fear, it’s time to let you go. Maybe experience some of those feelings without you there to mute them. This is sad… and it is hard… but I have to do this… for me.”
“Cassie. Didn’t take you for the type to enjoy exhibition.” Castiel whorls, almost jumping out of his skin. Crowley chuckles at his rueful expression and Castiel half believes that the demon will call out to Dean, just to get a rise out of him.
It’s almost like they’re in a game of chicken. To see which pair breaks and leaves first. And damn it to hell, it isn’t going to be them. Cass had looked at him funny when he revealed his idea of chicken but he’d reluctantly stayed put, saying that it was better to keep them in their line of sight.
“Cass.” He says gently. “Dean needs to sleep. I know you might be bored but I can take you outside if you like and you can play while I work.”
Cass doesn’t take that information well. He waves his hands wildly and practically drags Dean into his room, shutting the door silently behind him. “Dean, I can’t believe that this happened!” Cass panics. “Did – did he hear something… or see? No I would have sensed him if he were close enough to see.”
“I don’t.” He says, his looks regretful. “It’s not real, Cass. We’re not real. I won’t let someone control me. Not again. I refuse to be part of some ‘grand plan.’”
Dean shudders in disgust. Sam seems to share his distaste and stares down at the cuffs with a pinched expression,
Castiel shrinks away from him, “I won’t let you suffer Dean. If you ever feel yourself on the brink of insanity… use it. And if you don’t, I will.”
aren’t uncomfortable or whatever, what if you’re just uncomfortable that it doesn’t fit your usual M.O”
Castiel smiles. He recognises Dean’s distaste for the root but Castiel kind of likes it. Though it might be foolish to believe that the root would bring about true love, just a few days ago it would have been ludicrous to imagine Dean kissing him without an ounce of disgust.
Dean shifts himself so that he’s crouched right between Cass’ legs. He does a quick bob down and then lifts back up. He hears a kiss and notices Cass’ eyes cracking open to look at him. The blissed out look in his eyes prompts Dean to do it again.
It’s a sombre mood as the three of them hover around at Dean’s bedside. Castiel knows – more than anyone else – that Dean is definitely waking up. But just seeing his pale face… his unconscious form gives him the feeling he’d felt when Dean had been bleeding out on that dirty floor.
Blushing, Dean graciously accepts the praise. He won’t admit how scared he was beforehand, but he’s glad that Cass enjoyed it.
’ To his delight, multiple recipes pop-up and he heads over to the pantry to fetch some flour and apples.
Castiel cracks his eyes open to find Dean looking at him closely. His eyes shifting nervously. He hadn’t realised that so much rested that ticket. He swore that he
“Don’t mention it. But we need to go shopping ASAP.” She says. “When Dean was an adult, Cass could run around wherever he liked because Dean was watching him. Now we need to get some play pens. Some food. Some teething rings, cause Cass is about to chew off Dean’s finger.”
The panic from being caught in Lucifer’s web yet again, coupled with the pain he feels has him almost trembling. Past the distortion, he can’t even make out Dean’s soul.
It takes Sam a moment to connect Dean’s guilt-ridden face with something he should have paid more attention to from the start.
It’s simple really. They both want the same thing. There’s no need for love or bullshit about staying in the morning. It’s a fuck.
Other Cass thought that Dean was in love with Cass because he gave up that thing he still doesn’t want to think about. But is there any merit to that statement? If he’s in love with Cass, surely he’d know? Right? Or Cass would know? Someone must know.
Surprisingly, he isn’t alone when he enters the washing area. He senses Cass before he sees him but it’s too late to turn back; the angel is already looking at him.
“Shit.” She exclaims, “Dean is okay. I mean… the blood… but everything is… where it’s meant to be. They’re both out for the count though.”
His husband smiles brightly at Dean as he steps inside their afterlife. Cass leans up and kisses him lovingly, only pulling away to mumble a low, “Hello Dean.”
Cass’ voice sounds strange too. But in a different way. It’s tired, fearful, frazzled. Dean realises that in a split instant: he regrets it. “You know how to get out Dean.”
Dean is panting above him, his hips jerking rapidly, his eyes blown wide with lust. Castiel drags Dean’s face down taking care to lave at his neck. Marking Dean with a hickey sends a primal thrill coursing through his veins.
He doesn’t say a word, preferring to indulge in his pie and glance around the fancy restaurant. There’s chandeliers on the ceiling and a piano off to the side. There’s even a platform where a few patrons sit. What catches his eye is the contrast between the two men closest to the edge. One wears a hideous white contraption that looks to be about forty years old but is somehow not falling apart at the seams. His hair is completely white and him and the other man across from him are talking animatedly and laughing raucously.
He wants to ask why Dean kept quiet, though Castiel suspects it’s the same reason he did: fear and embarrassment.
Castiel grinds his teeth together. Why is it, that in every possible world, him and Dean are estranged beyond repair or dead?
Cass is right, Dean is ‘gentle’ when having sex. It’s not something he thinks should be violent – like every other aspect of his life is – it’s something he enjoys. Cass gets that, which is possibly why Dean falls into a lull like this so easily.
Castiel looks up to find Dean sitting across from him, two slices of apple pie resting in the space between them.
“Um, yes.” Jacks says. “In the kitchen making bacon.” He holds out a piece of bacon, wrapped in a napkin. “This is for you.”
“Hey,” Dean says as soon as they enter his room. It’s the first moment of privacy they’ve gotten since Crowley’s arrival. “Can we talk?”
nice. He can already identify some fauna through the thicket of trees on the side of the road. Even the air smells nicer here. The cabin, when they pull up, is almost camouflaged. It’s made of two stories sleek wood.
Dean kind of likes the blissed out, open expression on his friend’s face. He likes that he was the one who put it there.
It makes sense, what she said; when you do something romantic, you feel something romantic. It’s fairly simple.
“Now that we’ve established that this… thing, is no longer just about teaching me, I want to try this.”
Every morning, he walks into the coffee shop near the crossroads and settles into the window booth. This morning is no different. It’s been two weeks now since he’s been coming here. The first time was purely an accident.
bad. Yet, when I saw that ‘accepted’ at the top, I felt my heart constrict. I wanted to leave more than anything. But I was so worried. About Dean and even about dad. I didn’t know how to feel but I knew how I was supposed to… and that’s what made me feel so crummy.”
“Oh he isn’t falling Castiel…” says Michael. “He’s floating… drifting on the oh so sweet, addictive and intoxicating influence of…” Michael claps twice seeming proud of himself. “Marijuana!”
“I know that you don’t appreciate me putting you in this position.” He begins, “And that you’d rather not do this on the whole. I appreciate the effort you’ve put in so far and I would understand if you didn’t want to continue.”
He laughs; or tries to anyway. Castiel can see how forced it is. “Twice in one day its like…” Dean let’s his little joke drift off his eyes darting to the door. “I’ll be outside.”
“Okay.” Castiel agrees, still uncertain. “But if Dean tells me that… he doesn’t want me here, then I will leave.”
“Ghosts always go dark side.” His Dean says, though his voice isn’t as harsh. “Are you sure that this is what’s best for Cass?”
“Yes!” Cass eyes are wide and panicked. “I followed every movement from the screen exactly as it was completed.”
Pouting, Dean turns to face him. Castiel can’t take his eyes off of Dean’s lips. “Knew I should have patented that shit.”
Snorting, Dean presses a hand to his cheek. “I can’t” he whispers, “And I hate having you in here with me.”
As unlikely as he might think it actually is, he hopes Dean will buy it. The last thing they need is for Dean to set his eyes on a target and begin to hunt.
With a scoff Dean lays a hand on his shoulder. “You just made me come like a bazooka. I think you get an A+ in the art of fellatio.”
“Let’s begin then.” Cass rubs his hands together. “I’ll inspect your throat first.” He taps on Dean’s lips, “Open wide.”
One hand is locked onto the back of the seat, clutching it for dear life and the other is knotted in a mop of black hair. Cass’ hair. Dean clamps his jaw shut, refusing to let any other noises out, other than the sound of his breath, passing through his nose.
The smell of coffee that always permeated the bunker’s air, the way Sam’s hair would always end up in his food.
Honestly, Dean barely acts like himself and sometimes he can ignore it, but others make him wish for
someone. He’s enjoyed kissing Cass, holding him against him, his little quips about ‘watching over him.’ It’s a tragedy. They hadn’t even made it through the honeymoon phase of their relationship unscathed.
Dean knows he’s dealing with his own emotions regarding Eileen. He knows how much Sam cared, hell, he pushed his brother to try… and look where that got him.
Something niggles at the back of his mind though. Annoying as a mosquito or a cockroach that wouldn’t die.
Castiel screams with rage as the signal fluctuates, “No! I’ll look for you. I’ll look forever. And when I find you… I will strap you down in the dungeons.”
“Yup.” Dean assures, still glancing at the door, “Heard you like a bell. We’ll talk in the morning Sammy. Night.”
A few of the scariest seconds of Sam’s life pass before Dean angrily pops the cap from his pen, tossing it into the sink and begins dragging the pen angrily across the page..
“C’mon.” a light tug on his arm springs him into action, “Don’t let me catch you two getting hands-y in here again!”
“I’m sorry.” Dean says quietly in the darkness. “I know it wasn’t my place to rifle through your stuff.”
“Dean.” Cass says, scooting closer, dipping the mattress even further. “When have I ever chosen anything over you?”
him. Yet, the categorical imperative doesn’t lie. Dean needs Cass. Cass needs Dean. Sam just thought Dean’s need was purely friendship. But what if he’s wrong?
Dean gags violently, spewing juice all over Castiel and his coat. Castiel pats him on the back. He supposes that was another human saying that he failed to grasp.
“Please – ” Dean grips Castiel’s shoulder tightly, “I’ll tell you the truth. Please – don’t leave me here.”
Gone. A burden unshouldered. The Winchesters would continue to save the world, as they always had, without him – or sometimes even in spite of him.
“The reason I told Sam about us earlier was because…” he looks down, embarrassed. “I wanted him to think that we were together.”
Dean runs his hands over a different section, enjoying the way Cass tightens his face a small moan slipping out. “I’m good at sex, Cass. Let me make you feel good.”
Gabriel suggested that he throw Dean and Cass into a fairy tale world until they admit their untimely love. It has a certain flare to it, but it’s not what the two lovebirds need right now.
“Crowley!” he growls. “Give it back. You don’t know the pains I went through to get a vessel like this.”
“Mhh.” Dean moans, threading his fingers through Castiel’s hair. “Cass.” The timbre of his voice is lower than normal and it makes his pores raise.
Dean already knows he won’t be taking the out, but it’s still nice to at least hear he has the option.
Things had been nice so far. Dean being open with him, letting them do intimate things together. It had been dream like, so Castiel supposes it’s only right that it come crashing down. Dean had decided that he doesn’t want this. Castiel can tell by his tone. That whatever courage he had withers away as he stands at Dean’s door.
Cass pats the bed and Dean’s heart thunders in his ears. His mouth tastes like acid and his fingers can’t stop moving.
It feels like time has slowed down, allowing him to live forever in this moment, suffering and drowning in panic.
“She – um – well uh, Amara did something to my grace. She morphed it into something mangled and unnatural, this body will soon be unable to contain it.” Castiel’s quiet confession shot through Dean like Michael’s Lance. “She viewed me as a threat to her bond with you. It seemed as though she disliked the effect I had on you. It’s understandable, really. She’s doing you a um – solid – as you say, by getting rid of me.”
“I get it.” his eyes shine with sadness. “If it were you – I would rather have let Lucifer roam free than lose you to Michael.”
The Shadow hadn’t even stuck around to help them, Castiel thinks bitterly. It just stole the love of his life and vanished.
“You’re not,” he assures, “I wouldn’t do this with anyone but you. I didn’t like it because I couldn’t see you, it felt…”
“You can go faster now.” He says as Cass whimpers on every thrust. “And try squeezing just a bit when you get to the top.”
Adam had shown him that he could depend one someone other than himself to get by. That there was someone out there who cared enough about him to help. To ask. To do without being told.
Dean knows that Castiel made his intentions clear to him last night when he left without a word. He’d stupidly forgotten somewhere along the way that this was all about Cass’ grace. Honestly, no one could be more ashamed than he was; not even Cass. Well… Cass probably thinks he’s some kind of slut seeing as he almost begged for them to continue when Cass said he was fine. Sure, the ‘want to be thorough’ excuse might have saved his rep a bit but he knew. Dean liked it. He enjoyed it. And it had been entirely unexpected.
He sighs, “No. I guess not. But please… please, don’t bring it up with Dean.” She raises an eyebrow, interested, “Last time I joked about it, he got really weird. We finally have some time without a world ending crisis on our hands; let Dean have some peace.” Sam almost laughs at how up tight and defensive Dean had gotten when he mentioned ‘Deastiel’ or ‘DeanCass.’ Much less ‘Samstiel.’
He wants to scream at him. Shake him until he sees that doing this would break his heart. His tongue is like lead. Nothing makes it out other than a strangled noise.
“Cass.” He mumbles, pressing his face into the pillow. Dean hopes that he’ll just take the hint and skedaddle. But today isn’t his lucky day.
in those suits, good to know I was wrong.” With a wink, he turns around and walks away, placing the plate with the pastries on another table.
Then at breakfast, Sam forces himself to eat the white version of cocoa puffs. As Dean walks into the kitchen he holds up one grain and looks at it speculatively. “Doesn’t this remind you of something Dean?”
“Exactly. She knew you would never do it Dean.” He says, silently pleading for Dean to not draw this out.
“I took him on to a circus.” Dean breathes. “And – ” he breaks off, glancing behind him. “Mom. Can we go to my room.”
Even though it wrecks him inside to even admit that, Castiel knows that it’s the right thing… for Dean, who had been wronged for so long and left to pick up the pieces.
Cass shrieks as Dean catches him around the waist placing the brush in his hair. “Sam first! Sam first!”
I hope you all enjoyed it! This work was such a joy to write and reading all the comments was very uplifting!
Dean pulls away first, panting for breath. But he keeps them connected by pressing their knees together. “So…” He gasps. “What about the bubble?”
“If you go and then you come back… you can stay.” Dean says slowly, hating the words leaving his mouth. But he needs to be smart this time. Protect himself and his heart. “But it won’t the same between us.”
Castiel squeezes a dollop from the bottle, keeping eye contact with Dean all the while. He swipes his hand down slowly, spreading it around. Licking his lips, Dean almost leans closer.
But when he opens the door, the bright sunlight streaming through it tells him that he was dead wrong.
“I’m sorry about your Dean.” He says gently. “But it wasn’t your fault. I know me. It was only a matter of time before I tried to save Sam.”
He wants to try talking to Dean again but Castiel is too scared after the last time. He never thought that Dean would grow to hate him this way. He never thought that he be scared to even
Sam is still shaken from seeing his brother flat on the floor, spasming and knowing that he could only stand there and do nothing.
That wipes the grin off Dean’s face. That’s not what he wanted, he wants Dean to enjoy whatever he’s going to do with that beet and Cass, but having him step outside and get mauled won’t make him happy.
because I don’t want Sam to know. And not damaging our friendship of course. But we solved those problems; there’s no more ‘then’s”
about you.” Crowley croons. “About making you fall in love.” He casts the book a sour glance. “The title is kind of a spoiler though. This moron was never good at naming things. This title… it just doesn’t leave any
“Man, I gotta close my eyes.” He whimpers, his eyes darting left and right to escape the blueness of Cass’ stare. “It’s too intense.”
It doesn’t take much to convince Dean. After just a few kisses and a few minutes of strenuous grinding, Dean is putty in his hands.
“Because the Shadow wants to get him, Sam!” Dean snaps. “Did you want me to call you? ‘Hey Sam, Cass. Hope you’re enjoying my pie–oh, and the deadly, cosmic being who has it out for Cass wants to have a chat with me. Don’t worry.’”
So he does. He reaches out to slip his fingers into Dean’s, savoring the warmth of the other man’s rough hands. Dean squeezes his hand lightly before guiding them both out of the room.
He releases Cass and pats him one last time on the shoulder, as he’s seen them both do so many times before. Almost in slow motion he sees Dean reach for the top draw and in the same instant he sees Cass’ face change completely. He’s never seen a toddler look quite so distressed.
Just as he had hoped, the honey does the trick. Cass lights up like a Christmas tree and practically hops up from the bench.
When Dean enters the room the lights are already on. He pauses at the door and glances around. Popcorn litters the floor but Cass is nowhere in sight. He wouldn’t put it past the little bastard to try to jump scare him for the trick he pulled.
Drinking in the last sights of the placed he’d always dreamed of calling home and the mementoes of the people he wished would call him family. He heads to Dean’s room first. Luckily the door is already sprawling open; that doesn’t make him feel less guilty though. He knows exactly how Dean feels about his privacy… about his personal space.
With glaring clarity he suddenly understood some human’s need to kill over their loved ones. He would rip Dean off of her and whisk him away… but Dean wasn’t his. They aren’t and would never be ‘together.’
Glancing to his side, he notes that Dean’s body is as far away as possible. A single pillow acting as a buffer between them.
For a moment, Dean almost looks queasy. “What? No.” He shakes his head vehemently. “Cass, no. That’s not how this is going to be.” Dean states, his voice steady and sincere. “It’s just going to be you, Cass, and I’ll do everything in my power to make sure that we last as long as we can. I understand where you’re coming from – I really do – especially given my not too squeaky clean record. But just so you know… we live in a bunker. There’s no morning light streaming in.”
Throughout their entire conversation, Dean never once said that he wasn’t in love with Cass. He doesn’t know what to make of Dean’s sudden admission. Sam feels dizzy at the possibilities. Cass loves Dean. He’s come to accept that as a fact. But this is his brother, Sam
The first brush of Dean’s lips against his short-circuits his brain. He can do little but gasp and arch into the touch. Dean complies pressing his lips firmly against Castiel in a way that makes his knees tremble.
“Uh…” he glances around looking for something else. “Ah!” he plucks the ginger tea from the shelf and scoops some of the already boiling water into a tea cup. He crouches in front of Cass. “This is important Cass.” The angel watches him raptly. Sam almost feels uncomfortable under the intensity of his stare.  “Dean needs this tea for his throat. But the thing is, he doesn’t like it very much. He usually just puts off drinking it and throws it down the drain as soon as I leave. It’s going to be challenging. Are you up for it? Making Dean drink the undrinkable?
Taking advantage of his silence, Dean snaps the curtain back all the way and leans over the tub, brushing aside some bubbles. He huffs in annoyance, pinning Castiel with a glare. “Cass.” It’s almost chastising, “For a guy who’s been watching sex for bajillions of years… you were awfully selective.”
ask you about this Cass.” He persists, “What if you were really in love with me, I didn’t want you to suffer because you felt you couldn’t tell me.”
“I was only suffering because you were.” Cass tries to reason. But Dean knows that isn’t the whole story. “Leaving me here along won’t stop my suffering. Please Dean. I love you.”
that Dean was referring to them. And just when he thought that was over, he stupidly told Dean about his eavesdropping. He should have kept his mouth shut.
Castiel gives him a sidelong look and Sam is reminded that Dean isn’t the only one facing this problem.
Crowley could have healed Dean ages ago, yet, he’s just hung around, preying off of his weakness. He isn’t Dean’s friend, no matter how much he has Dean fooled.
“Dean, you don’t have to hide.” He says, watching as Dean’s fingers tighten their grip on his jacket.
“Because you’re wrong sometimes too y’know.” Dean responds, “There are always risks when hunting. If you had been there too, the same thing could have happened… would have.”
His hips twist as the pressure releases his eyes fall shut and his mouth drops open in a wordless cry as the beginnings of his orgasm roll over him. His hips thrust up into his fist frantically trying to draw out the pleasure. All the while he feels Dean’s unwavering gaze and the fingers that stroke his like clockwork.
“No,” Sam says refusing to tell Dean that Cass enjoyed inspecting his mouth as he chewed or that Dean sometimes nibbled on Cass’ finger when he wanted some of his food. It’s nice to know stuff about Dean that he doesn’t know about himself. He wonders how Dean would react to some of the pictures he took of them. He considers getting his phone out but ultimately decides against it. There's no use antagonizing his brother when they’re supposed to be having a relaxing evening out.
“Look at me.” he orders, tilting Dean’s chin up with his free hand. Dean obliges, his eyes locking onto the angel’s. Castiel notes the slight wince as his finger enters Dean and moves to kiss his cheek, rubbing at his nipple until he moans once more. He’s almost afraid that a single touch to his cock would send the hunter over the edge so he keeps his hands carefully away. “Don’t worry. You just need to relax and let your body adjust.”
“You confused me last night.” He admits, rubbing the back of his neck with his free hand, “I wanted to test a theory.”
“No.” Dean admits. “Separating… this from our normal interactions is hard. I like this too Cass.” He divulges. “Way more than I thought I would. I like being in bed with you, waking up to you when I fall asleep. I like that I can show you things and let go with you.”
Slapping him one final time on the shoulder, Dean leaves him with a few words of advice. “Just do what feels good.”
As Dean pouts Sam decides to go look for Jody. He finds her in the laundry room, doing what Sam should have been.
Castiel stands in silence for a moment. Absorbing the shock waves from the bomb that Crowley dropped.
Shocker, Crowley and Gabriel had both vanished, but maybe that’s for the best, Dean doesn’t feel like having anymore company.
Cass’ lips move and Dean struggles to hear anything over the thunder. But the intention is clear. He wants to get them out of here. He propels Dean forward bodily, almost causing them both to slip, but with slow steps they eventually manage to find a rhythm.
Cass really seems to be enjoying this, which comes as a surprise. It’s rare that he gets a nice, slow blow job. Then again, this isn’t some dark alley and Cass isn’t some chick who’s half drunk.
drag someone down with him. Chuck wants a sacrificial lamb? To leave the earth and the Winchesters in chaos? Castiel can give that to him.
Castiel almost rolls his eyes, “It is very handsome Dean.” His eyes are drawn to the shirt. The colours remind him of the gates of Heaven. Pristine and shining, a true feat of magnificence. “It reminds me of Heaven’s gates.”
“I can tell that you’re going to ignore me and keep on flirting. But how do you know that little Dean won't still think you’re little?”
He fingers the page of lore about the pearl. This is the most complete articulation about the pearl. It’s the one with the part about cosmic entities and breaking the pearl to break the wish.
“I’ll show you how much I love you.”  one of Dean’s hands grip his hair tightly as their lips mould together, combining in a flurry of relief and promises. His other hand slips beneath Castiel’s shirt gently stroking his nipples.
“I need to tell you something.” He says quickly. Castiel wishes that he doesn’t have to talk about this now, not when Dean is smiling at him like this. Not when he’s missed the feel of Dean’s arms around him for weeks.
“Sit.” He says gently. “Now, I don’t think Dean knows that I know this. But something about your wish had a negative effect on him.”
“Dean.” Crowley calls, marching down the path way like he would a cat walk. “Cas-ti-ell.” He then crows exaggeratedly.
Dean is heading to the kitchen? Cass is there, waiting with an open bottle of beer and a bag of jerky.
The moment Dean notices him, his hand freezes on the rake mid-sweep. As he slowly turns Castiel feels his heart thunder, drowning out any noise that Dean might have made. Suddenly he feels afraid. What if Dean had a moment of clarity while he was alone? What if he realised that he could be happy without Castiel?
Cass gestures to the garden the one they tended to together in their time together. In his rage and sorrow Dean neglected some of the plants. They are now yellow and drooping where they once were a vibrant green.
What the hell? Shouldn’t he… no, Sam realises, that would be weird. To chastise their friend. But Sam has a hard time associating this bumbling, screaming child with the impassive angel he knows and loves. The strange thing though, is that Dean doesn’t. He treats Cass as he normally would, besides the constant cursing. Oh, and now Dean had taken to throwing him up in the air and spinning him around till he’s walking funny. Great.
He stops walking and tilts his head back against the wall in frustration. “Cass… now isn’t a good time.”
Sam’s in the shower; said he wanted to wash off all the blood. Dean wouldn’t mind doing the same… except he’s too damn tired and no way is he letting anyone bathe him like a friggin’ two year old. Mom won’t mind. Sam would… do it if he absolutely has to. Cass… well Cass wouldn’t even know what to do.
are invaluable to – to the world, your family… me. You aren’t as stupid as you like to think and you are a magnificent hunter… an exemplary human. So don’t you ever use that as a rationale to justify you sacrificing yourself!”
him.” Dean wails helplessly. Actions have consequences. That’s something that’s been drilled into him from a young age. But he’s always been prepared to face those consequences… because he had nothing to lose. Now he feels everything is about to be ripped away from him.
“I don’t know.” He says. “Besides, I think Castiel is the best person to talk some sense into him. Failing that, Sam will have to drag his ass back here.”
Delicately, Dean traces the head of his cock with one finger, causing Castiel to fumble with the buttons.
“I want to try my technique out of you.” Says Cass seriously, as though he’s about to start the biggest experiment of his career. Dean half expects him to strap on some gloves and a doctor’s coat.
Flushing, Dean darts his eyes over for approximately one second. Castiel huffs at the stupidity of humans and their obsession with ‘nakedness.’
“Just, y’know.” Dean glances around, as if looking for someone out in the woods. “I brought some bubble bath. I’m going to soak for a bit. Later – if – if you want, you can have some.”
“Your organs seem to be functioning within normal parameters.” He observes. Popping off the head. Dean trembles, both hands now resting near Cass’ ears.
Castiel, oh angel of the lord has not been acting very angely for who knows how long and now when he’s about to spill the beans he just freezes up like a damn car that hasn’t been started for months.
Even now , if Sam were here he would be acting as a buffer between them after Michael got tired of their arguing.
“I’ll take Dean, you grab Cass.” Sam knows that it should be the other way around. Mom had clearly been about to lift Dean… but Sam needs to be the one to carry him right now. Feel his heart beating for himself. He’d almost let Dean be killed.
All the other times Castiel lost his grace, he felt empty and worthless and bone-tired. This time is different – well he still feels a bit tired – but he feels complete, in Dean’s arms, in their house where the only barrel they’ll be staring down is the rest of a wonderfully long life.
He’d trusted it completely because he was so desperate for help, so out of his depth without Dean that he’d jumped at the first sign of help he could get.
The ‘I love yous’ were still exchanged frequently. Castiel would never grow tired of hearing the words flow off Dean’s lips. The only words he could ever desire more would be Dean reciting the key.
Something tells him that Dean should be the one to use it… no matter how much he wishes to save his friend from this torment.
Crowley grins. “Oh, my little love story?” he fingers the book, ensuring that the title is displayed prominently for both Sam and Cass to see.
“You have one.” He whispers, making sure to keep his voice low so that Crowley and Cass don’t hear him.
Dean stares at him wide eyed, with flushed lips and a slack jaw. The sounds of the battle have ceased, leaving them all in deadly silence.
“No.” he says carefully, as though testing the frailty of Castiel’s own emotions. “He’s always loved you. At least, as long as I’ve known him.”
Sam rolls his eyes. “Sick Dean. And that’s something I’d like to know too. Were you lying when you told me you needed –” he glances down at Cass, not wanting to be caught in his lie.
Sam orders a lettuce wrap for himself and Dean orders burgers for him and Cass. The plate swap Dean does is unsurprising and all Sam can do is scoff as Dean scarfs down Cass’ burger.
He can feel the tell –tale twitch of Dean’s cock and the clench of his muscles on his fingers and he speeds up, stroking a with a bit more fervour and intention.
The deal… or rather arrangement, since he’d ripped up the contract, was that Dean would give him a sip every once in a while, just to quench his appetite and he’d help find dear Cassie and his grace. Dean hadn’t taken much convincing… offering himself up as a literal sacrificial lamb to stop Crowley from eating the other humans.
They stare for a few long seconds. Cass eyes him like Dean’s the hottest piece of ass he’s ever seen, then cocks his head. “Why are you on the floor Dean?”
“Any ideas, Dr. Phil?” Dean takes a seat opposite him, staring at him as though challenging him to do better.
Chuck’s eyes narrow and he tuts at the angel. “Oh no. You don’t want to leave before our guests arrive.”
The djinn reveals it’s face then. Feminine features become apparent as she surveys the room, landing on Dean with an expression of confusion.
His hackles rise instantly. Part of him understands where Sam is coming from; wanting to protect his brother. But the other part. Oh the other part writhes with indignation. He would do no such thing. The night he spent with Dean would forever remain special to him and as much as he wished for Dean to desire him he had already come to terms with the circumstances of their relationship. He’d never push Dean for more than he was ready to give. But last night was special. Dean had known what it meant to him and gave himself wholly for the duration of their tryst. It was honestly more than he could ever deserve. He wasn’t selfish enough to ask for more. Selfish enough to want it with every fibre of his grace screaming at him to
“Not…” Sam sighs. “We care about you even when you can’t do something to help us. We care when you make a mistake – especially then. But we’re people too and sometimes we get mad or wrapped up in our own stuff and we don’t see how that affects you.”
“I just don’t get it,” Sam whispers. “You say you’re not here for Dean… but that just doesn’t make sense to me.”
They agreed that it’s time to stop shirking the research, both on the Empty and this mystery creature.
Castiel awakens to a loud roar. It takes him a few seconds to realise that it’s the Impala’s engine.
Mom is here, which is a great relief. She’s managed to keep it together while Sam’s fallen apart. She packed the remaining, unscorched lore into the trunk. She thought about food, about getting off the grid.
“Why Dean?” Cass whorls suddenly and Dean smacks into his chest, his hands finding purchase on the trench-coat.
Sprawling out. Dean stares up at the midday sun. He’d been in darkness for so long he’d completely forgotten what warmth feels like.
Swiping away the condensation on the mirror Castiel takes stock of his ‘new’ human appearance. Something catches his eye though. He screams in horror.
would be used to turn me into a child.” Sam is about to interject, something about the universe working in strange ways, but Cass interrupts him again. “I’ve never wanted to be a tiny, defenceless, human child Sam!”
“Certainly not.” He reaffirms. “You looked past a feud with your brothers and begged me to assist them. You took the strain off of me by bearing the brunt of that auditory attack. You remain here, stuck with me, despite our freedom.”
He starts off slow, not wanting to make him feel overwhelmed. Dean licks around his lips, pressing them together lightly before introducing his tongue. Cass uses his own tongue after a few seconds, quickly catching onto the rhythm. Somewhere along the road, Dean lets his eyes slip shut. Cass is obviously enjoying this.
With a quick lick to the head, Dean moves back up to capture his lips, his hands stroking him languidly. They’ve not even started and Castiel feels himself writhing.
“I thought you were in your room.” He bites out, hoping that Cass can take a hint and leave before Sam starts with his ever so probing questions.
Cracking his knuckles, which Dean is sure is entirely unnecessary, Cass dives right in. He starts with the shoulders, not pussyfooting around. He goes in deep and hard, wringing out the tension from all his muscles. Dean sighs into the mattress, balling his hands into fists.
Even though there’s a seat for Cass right at the top of the cart he still chooses to cling to Dean like a new born babe. It’s starting to get weird.
“He’s sitting with an angel.” Castiel breathes in awe. How had they managed to not destroy each other.
Against his better judgment, Sam concedes. He maneuvers Crowley up the stairs and out the door. His cuffs are still on so he can’t do much more than hop or flail around, even if he does manage to knock him down and make a break for it. Sam doesn’t think he will in any case; whatever his plan may be, he needs to be
“Do you two want a minute alone?” Sam asks. He receives a disgruntled and somewhat confused look from Dean.
“This is uncomfortable.” Says Cass, “And I’d rather talk to Dean alone. Since he’s the one forcing me to.” The last part is whispered but it doesn’t stop the relief Dean feels. He hadn’t screwed up too badly yet.
Dean’s eyes dance with amusement… or maybe it’s post-orgasmic bliss. Castiel doesn’t really care which as long as they’re together. As long as Dean holds him like this every night for the rest of their lives.
Cass’ hands don’t remain idle, he strokes up Dean’s legs, squeezing at his hips, both holding him in place and turning him on even more. Half the time his eyes are closed from the pleasure, but Cass’ hands are there, grounding him, reminding him
Castiel is on edge after discovering the bone. Dean works the case as usual but Castiel finds something peculiar at the scene.
is the reward… but that still seems fishy. In all the time he’s known Crowley, he’s never been interested in romance. Power always seemed like more of a turn on.
The moment he says them he feels his knees buckle. Dean sighs in relief and Sam just shakes his head repeatedly, as though trying to dislodge the tape.
“You were my last case.” He watches Castiel carefully for his reaction; expecting questions, revulsion, maybe even some violence. He rubs his knee trying to ease his nerves.
“Oh yes you are.” He says menacingly, “I’ll eat your precious beet if you play doctor while I do.” Dean chuckles, “A beet root a day keeps Dr Cass away.”
“I couldn’t just give it to them.” he says. “I needed leverage. To know that they wouldn’t just leave us when we died. I peered into your heaven Dean…
Grabbing Cass’ face, he swiftly presses their lips together. There’s a beat of protest at first, where Cass tries to continue with his train of thought. But Dean isn’t having that. If he can’t kiss the living daylight out of someone so that they forget everything, then what good is he as Cass’ instructor?
Gabriel stand there, his face set in stone as a circle of  holy fire rages around him. Crowley is on his other side, trapped in a pentagram and pacing in angry circles. He stares down at the lines as though they physically affront him.
“For the record… well I might have been a bit uncomfortable but I would have enjoyed it.” Dean points out. He can’t have Cass floating around with him thinking that. “And um, she said it was from the moment she met you. Then after that everything that we did convinced her more and more.”
Castiel can’t help but grin as Dean’s excitement seeps from his hands and into Castiel’s shoulders. “Yes Dean, it is.”
The mood is broke though when Dean picks up a potty trainer. Sam feels almost scandalised even thinking about his friend using that and Dean picks up on it. “What is he supposed to do Sam? He could drown in the real toilet and I’m not taking that chance.”
And that is how Sam ends up with three, messy braids that stick up obnoxiously in all directions. Dean just grins cheekily at him and neatens Cass’ hair. Worst yet is the look Cass gives him every time he’s about to free his gorgeous hair from this horrible style. It’s a look of extreme dejection and disappointment that has Sam giving him a thumbs up, just to keep the peace.
The mental fortitude needed to survive for that long (even in perceived time) was monumental. Castiel hadn’t even been as strong as Dean. His will and mind abandoned him long before Dean’s had. Sure, Dean also suffered, but he was always present mentally. Castiel, he’d chickened out. Swamped with guilt but wanting to be there for Dean emotionally led him to supressing his memories. So much so that he’d forgotten his entire plan and their only way out. That he will never forgive himself for.
Humans always like to know that they’re being listened to. That they aren’t just talking vainly into the abyss. Michael can relate to that.
Dean moans his appreciation as he finishes off his slice of pie… and a few bites of Castiel’s slice to boot.
Sam’s eyes trail away from the dead body and back to Dean and Cass who look like they’re in their own little dream world. Looking at each other and communicating without a word being spoken.
Gullible as ever – thank God for that – Sam eats up his half-assed explanation and begins gushing. “Maybe I can teach him some stuff. I bet that was what you had the porn for too. This has so much potential Dean. I can teach him about healthy livi-”
Sam stands immediately, going through all the usual locations. He checks Dean’s room first, not wanting to be caught out like last time.
. It wants him to go back, it’s calling for the angel. But that’s just what Chuck wants. He can’t go back.
“So… what do you want from this?” he feels like a damn psych, psycho-analysing every word and intonation for some deeper meaning.
He can see the need gnawing at Dean. The need to know. To not be the only one with something on the line.
He approaches Dean like a wounded animal, which, yeah, he basically is and gives him the same chummy smile he had before being dragged away.
Sam freezes completely. He screwed the pooch and now all he can do is stare at Crowley like a deer – a moose – in the headlights.
Time heals all wounds. Cass would understand that. He’s understand that they’d been tricked completely by a creatures with all his memories. He’d sense Dean’s sincerity and it might take some time, but forgiveness would come; from both sides. Dean is sure. Because he can’t imagine a life without Cass by his side.
Of course they aren’t. But if anyone even asks for documentation they’re completely screwed. He knows for a fact that neither of them would let Cass get taken without a serious beat down.
He throws the covers off and carefully pads across the wooden floors, trying to be silent. Thankfully nothing creeks as he makes his way down to the kitchen.
Though Sam is still seated, Dean drags him into a tight hug, ruffling his hair, just to make sure he’s real.
“What are you reading?” Dean asks, stepping closer. Crowley hasn’t killed him yet and there’s not much he can do with a steak knife in any case.
Cass seems to want to avoid anything that involves Dean so bars and diners are out. Movies wouldn’t allow them to talk much. Cass doesn’t eat. Clothes are unnecessary.
“Wait.” Cass snags his shirt sleeve which is blue, just as suggested. Dean hadn’t failed to notice how relaxed the angel had been in his presence or how he had almost drifted closer. “Don’t you want anything else?”
His anger and disappointment war with each other. Angry that Sam had obviously screwed with him and disappointment because he really was looking forward to this. After a hatrick of cases that took them from Colorado to Tennessee to Florida and back he needs something to take the edge off before they head out again.
Castiel’s entire body glows, brighter and more intensely than it ever had. Sam has to look away and grip the iron to stop his hands from trembling as Castiel cradles Dean’s heart and slips it back into his chest cavity. Sam swears a string of Enochian.
He should just break the pearl right now. But he can’t … because his fingers are shaking … because he doesn’t know what it might do to Dean and Cass.
Dean throws his hands up. “But you just had to do it, huh?” he raises an eyebrow. “Because Cass’ way is the right way.”
Those aren’t Sam’s lumbering steps, as he carries himself out for his morning run. Those are Cass’ footfalls.
Mouth popping open, Dean stands there. Oh shit. Cass thinks this is for Dean. He’s happy… grinning in fact. A shit eating one too.
“Don’t lie to me!” he rips himself out of Dean’s hold, crashing into the furthest corner of the box.
“For Lucifer.” Dean says seriously. “There’s nothing holding us back now. Let’s just get it over with.”
