. His skills had clearly diminished as he hadn't heard anything, too preoccupied with his own plight. He was also a little confused as they said he wouldn’t be alone, but that could just include when he’s out of chains. Bucky looked up again and tugged, testing the strength, when it didn’t immediately give, he tugged harder, his muscles straining and a small grunt of effort escaping him.
Tony clambered to his feet, pressing both hands against the cool metal, focusing the soft fuzzy reflection of his arc reactor. "Steve, are you able to open this door?" He sort of shouted, waiting patiently for a response.
"Told you he wouldn't know Tony, how many times do I have to be right before you start listening to me?" Bruce boasted, tapping one of the three screens so it still followed Bucky. "Hey, JARVIS? Are you able to find a different angle?" He inquired, his voice slightly tense.
Tony wandered what an earth could have happened but he didn't push. "I would ask why but I don't think now is the best time. Have you got any paper clips or folders or something?" He asked, looking around and realising he'd only been in Steve's places few times, he'd always come to Tony.
"Yes sir." He breathed, pushing his hips into the sheets. Tony chuckled, pressing a button on the plug so the vibrations stopped. Steve whined, long and disapproving.
Not that any of that mattered when in an alcohol induced oblivion, spending no time outside of the workshop, aggravating JARVIS enough to give the good Captain the secondary access code. Said Captain turned up like a knight in shining red, white and blue at the beginning of week four to pull him out of his pit of despair and haul him into his giant shower, letting the cold water run over him and shock his system enough to make him clean up and go to bed.
“Yeah, I heard all that earlier.” Bucky interrupted, his body listing to one side as his energy waned. “antibiotics, that bag of fluid there right? I consent.”
"Did the great Mr Stark forget to used his own technology?" Steve sassed, making Tony laugh a little hysterically: at least he still knew how to joke around, at least they hadn't lost that. Tony opened his mouth to retaliate but the phone rang again. Clint again. Shit, it was serious.
Steve ripped a clean sheet from his sketchbook and used a larger A3 one to lean on, it was flatter and had more room to go over the edges. He hadn't thought much about what he was going to draw for Tony, it wasn't hard to conjure up an image however. Tony was the type who admired himself, so he was more likely to admire something Steve drew, if it was of Tony.
“God you sound rough… you’re not looking much better than last night either…” Clint stated, receiving a dry look from Bucky and a whack around the head from Natalia.
"Just follow me, you'll recognise it soon enough." He jittered, almost bubbling with excitement. It was hard for Steve not to follow what with the grip Tony had on his hand, walking faster and pulling a slightly resisting Steve along with him. It was a beautiful summers afternoon, warm enough just to be in shorts and a t-shirt but with a slight breeze so it wasn't stifling and sweaty. Steve loved these kinds of days, a deep plunge into icy waters and hypothermia with a near death experience can make anyone hate the cold.
Before Steve knew it, the film was over and his pencil had not connected with the paper once. The whole hour and a half had been spent watching Tony watch Twilight. Who, by the way, was paying far too much attention to it for a man who believes it to be a crap film.
"Somebody's eager..." Tony cooed, pressing a palm against a very muscular chest and finding a very racy heart.
“Alright, sharp scratch” he warned, expertly sliding the needle into the skin and securing it, collecting blood in phials first before attaching the first of the fluid bags. Then, after disposing the needle in the big yellow box, he got the large syringe of antibiotics, attached a needle to the end and injected it into the bag of nutrients through the second port. He gave it a small shake to mix the solutions then hung it off a stand Natalia had wheeled over.
Until it stopped, and Steve was lost. The sun was gone and the rain was getting heavier. He tried his hardest to listen for any sign of life, heavy breathing, pained moans, anything.
"Tut tut tut.. You lied to me Steve, you should have said you couldn't last and I would have helped to through. Now you're itching for more but knowing you can't have it. Shame. But I do enjoy punishing my bad bad boy." Tony taunted, sharply twisting Steve's nipples, causing him to cry out in shock. "Get on the bed, face first, on your knees." He ordered, disappearing into the bathroom to collect a couple of objects.
“What do you mean, ‘can’t’?” Natalia asked, guiding him to sit back down and lay on the bed. At that point, Clint returned with 4 small bottles filled with a clear liquid and four wrappers with what Bucky suspected were syringes in them.
Each rib stuck out, skin taught in between. His stomach was a hollow pit and his hips were prominent. As were his shoulders and spine, each vertebra jutting out like a miniature mountain range. Having been kept in the ice and the dark for so long meant Bucky's skin was almost grey in colour, apart from the pink patches of past punishments, scarring that had not completely healed the way Steve's would. His serum was a knockoff version, good enough to do the job but it lacked some of the benefits.
"Yes okay, alright. Than you, thank you so much." He beamed, going to hug Bruce and then deciding against it, choosing to pat his shoulder instead. Making his way back into the kitchen, Tony managed not to rush straight to the elevator, nodding his 'hello' and snatching some sugar covered pastry swirl from Thor's plate. "I'll see you later, if you need me, ask JARVIS to tell me and I'll come to you. I have... Work. Sam: thank you. The rest: be good. These are great Thor, you should fly to France every morning!" He decided, slipping into his usual demeanour as he backed away toward the elevator. Once he was safely inside, Tony hung his head, groaning and hovering over the buttons.
Bucky just watched, astonished at his own actions. He hadn't been the soldier...he was still Bucky. Those actions were his choice, even if it was instinctual muscle memory.
. He stopped trying after that, while he couldn’t remember everything he knew that the asset once trusted Natalia and still could. Now that he was alone, though, he could take in his surroundings and establish the danger levels and possible risk to his safety.
That wasn't what was holding the soldiers attention, though. Eyes as grey as the cloud above locked onto his when the figures head snapped round. Wide and blown as a deer's caught in the headlights - frozen and frightened. So very terrified. A fear that was so palpable it made Steve falter, torn between running after his best friend - or turning and bolting, crushing weeks or hard work and effort, creating many more now that the assassin knew he'd been followed.
Steve did as he was told and opened his mouth, waiting for Tony to guid him as usual. Tony snaked his arm up and let his hand grasp Steve's hair at the nape. Without any restraining, Steve let Tony push him down and onto his cock. Steve didn't quite know why but he really loved being controlled by Tony, letting Tony do as he pleased with his body. Tony knew him best, Tony understood what he needed better than he did. It made for a better orgasm every time. It was also based upon trust and love and care. If Steve ever so much as uttered the word 'yellow' Tony would halt everything immediately. Even though 'yellow' simply meant 'slow down'. Also, Tony never shirked on aftercare, doting on a panting, sweaty, boneless, babbling Steve while he came down from whatever kind of high he was on. He would often use baby oil to massage his thighs or back, sometimes using ointment on his writs and ankles if they looked red or sore.
Another night, maybe, they could push Steve to the very limit. But here and now, Tony just wanted to give him what he was begging for.
"You know," Steve said, as gently as possible, "it's okay to tell me you're happy when you're happy. In my book, that's a good thing."
"Donahue's story made sense to me." Tony wasn't quite answering the question. "I'm used to being hated. I've made a lot of enemies. My father made a lot of enemies. It made sense that Ty might have come to consider himself one of them."
. He knows he's intimidating. He never thought he'd use that against anyone who wasn't a supervillain, but he can't bring himself to feel sorry about it now. Now, he's just plain
And here it was, the truth, straight from Tony's mouth: Tony didn't want him. Tony would never have wanted him.
"Yeah," Tony said, blankly, like he had no idea why Steve thought it was important. "You didn't see Chen Lu at the party? He was right there, the whole night. He wasn't in costume, though. Maybe you haven't seen him as much as I have."
It's actually two alerts, his and Tony's identicards both ringing at the same time, in disconcerting almost-unison. They're both on top of the dresser. The dresser is all the way across the room.
"My father had mostly stopped hitting me by then," Tony said, his voice gone flat and remote, and Steve knew Tony wouldn't have told him this, ever, if the past thirty seconds hadn't happened. "I was big enough that I could have hit him back, you see. Not that I ever did." His mouth thinned. "He threw a rocks glass at my head that time, though. That might have been the last time he hurt me. Don't remember. That was a mess. Glass shattered. Blood everywhere." His fingers went to the side of his head, probing his scalp. "Used to still have the scars. Huh. Guess I didn't come back with those."
Learning things about Tony that Tony hadn't wanted him to know had definitely become one of the repeating themes of the past week.
Repulsors momentarily forgotten, Tony stared in sickened disbelief. "So you're telling me you're causing all this chaos for the sole purpose of
The shield rattles against two walls of the upper corner behind Steve, to his left, then flies across the room, sinking as it heads down toward the opposite corner on the far end of the room, diagonally tracing out the hypotenuse of an imaginary triangle whose sides are the walls and floor. His shield's spinning so fast that it's barely more than a silvery blur.
He doesn't know how much time has passed, but Tony's touching his hair again, praising him more. "So very good," Tony whispers. "All mine. All you have to do is this. No decisions. No hard choices. Just be mine. Do this for me."
because he needed to use his brain at least a little bit longer. "I kind of figured that out when I saw the riding crop."
He looks like shit. He's in a hospital gown and barefoot. He's wobbling where he stands. There are electrodes nestled in his hair that don't seem to be attached to anything. He's still bruised up a little from the fight. Honestly, physically, he doesn't look that bad. He's not wasting away. But, nonetheless, he looks absolutely awful. His gaze is faraway, haunted. Steve knows that look. That's Tony staring death in the face.
However, now he was regaining sensation, the assassin began to feel discomfort, mainly around the shoulder area. Here his skin was exposed and it was mostly red and inflamed, swelling bigger than the metal plates still adorning his shoulder would allow. It made him fearful for the rest of the limb. Absently he wondered if they'd fully amputate, up to the shoulder this time, not that he'd care, not really, it would probably be less pain and hassle, although probably a reduced range of movement.
"I'm... Hiding." He admitted, sluggishly rubbing his eyes and frowning at the headache already starting to form behind them.
"Charlie is her father, that's priceless." He said between breaths, laughing even harder at Steve's pout, he knew he was wrong but it can't have been that funny. Seeing that he was genuinely offended, Tony sat up and moved next to Steve, resting his elbow against the back so he could face him.
Absently, he heard JARVIS trying to get his attention, threatening to give other team members the access codes. Not that it would matter, none of them would come to his aid when they had more important things to worry about.
Getting Steve into bed had been easier than Tony had thought, A little coaxing and the promise not to leave was all it took, it's not like it would be a hardship for Tony to lay beside Captain America and keep an eye on him. They ended up very cozy; Tony had started out from under the covers, perched on one side of the bed simply waiting for Steve to slip into unconsciousness. But then Steve began to struggle because he couldn't move around easily. And that was kinda how Tony ended up with 'spangly man' curled up against his side with his head on Tony's shoulder and his hand resting with fingertips just touching the reactor, it was a wander Steve couldn't detect his racing heart. Tony had never been more comfortable, sure he liked being little spoon but this was great. Steve even seemed to sleep without any disturbance for a good four hours, waking briefly in search of more warmth before drifting off again. Tony didn't catch a wink but he couldn't care less, he could nap later when Bruce was talking to Steve.
"Tony, it's okay, I'm gonna be okay, this is me accepting help." Steve croaked, his voice surer than Tony had heard it in a long time. Tony sniffled and came back to himself enough to wrap his arms around Steve's slightly more bony back, he was really gonna have to do something about that.
"Oh great, does this mean I get Tony's feet?" Bruce dead-panned, frowning when Tony just lifted his legs and waited before Bruce sat down before lowering them. Unwilling to lean on his legs, Bruce but a cushion over them, resting his bowl of peanut 'm'n'm's' on it. Steve blinked a few times, still not entirely sure how this had become his life.
Apparently the saga really was as crap as Natasha had said as the team decided to call it quits for the night and return to their floors, never to watch the final two films. Steve couldn't say he cared as he had no idea what was going on anyway.
"Bruce said this would help, it’s a high enough dosage to knock Cap out for a couple hours do it will definitely work on him. Might give him a few hours of solid sleep" Clint explained. Bucky mentally went over the pros and cons of having the drugs. He didn’t want any more drugs; he’d been pumped full of drugs for 70 years. He didn't think he could deal with anymore.
"Easy, easy... Eagerness will get you nowhere." Tony chided, nipping the inside of Steve's thigh for good measure. Steve nodded again, not trusting himself to talk coherently. Once he deemed Steve stretched enough, Tony withdrew and began to prepare the plug, pressing it against Steve's entrance and sliding it in until it was comfortably secure. Steve began to sit up once more but was forced back down by the vibrations running from his ass and all the way through his body.
“Ay, there we go, you can hear me.” Clint chirped, giving the hand he was holding another gentle squeeze. “I’m gonna give you some water, alright? I have ice chips, I’m just going to put some in your mouth to melt, it’ll make you feel a lot better.” He reassured.
He couldn't decide if he was irritated or grateful when the cavalry arrived in the form of Natalia and Clint.
"Tony, where are we going?" Steve asked after the third turn into downtown Brooklyn. It was their year anniversary and Tony said he had a 'surprise' for him; Steve always got a little nervous when the brunette mentioned 'surprises'... Especially since Tony suggested rock climbing and ended up breaking his leg. They hadn't done anything of the sort again, as much as Steve kinda wanted to.
"Here you go Steve..." Tony croaked, holding the steaming hot bowl of tomato soup he'd warmed in front of Steve in the hopes he'd take it. He was still in a state of disbelief at the man before him, it taking a whole ten minutes before he was able to get off his knees and start acting.
Soon after, Bucky felt the coolness of the ice chips against his lips, felt them melting and wetting them. He opened his mouth a little for more. They melted slowly and trickled to the back of his throat, encouraging him to swallow. He felt as the water travelled down into his stomach, the cool sensation following. It was the most pleasant sensation he could remember experiencing. He accepted the ice for as long as it was offered, feeling himself become more aware with every chip swallowed.
Nodding slowly, Bucky reached for the cup of slowly melting ice chips and sipped from the glass, still feeling awful. He tipped his head back against the headrest, closing his eyes again and trying to stay awake. “Fine, whatever you need to give me, I consent.” He stated clearly, not even having the energy to be alarms when Bruce came back into the room with a tray of equipment.
A shorter woman stood behind him to the side, shoulder length curly red hair, arms folded, clearly strong and powerful despite her size. She was also glaring, but it was softer, her eyes held something else.
"I'm okay with coffee..." He mused, remembering the times when he'd watched Steve running from the little cafe, sipping on steaming black coffee.
Whilst he had been drinking, Natalia had sorted the drugs, waiting patiently for him to finish the drink and hold out his arm again. She quickly applied a tourniquet on his lower bicep and found a vein in his elbow. She pressed the first syringe into his flesh, pushing the sedative into his system. He felt the effects in seconds. It stung slightly as the fluid went in but that was water off a duck’s back to the asset. As it flooded around his body with each heartbeat he felt a drowsiness take over. He couldn’t feel the next three doses, his limbs heavy and weak and numb. His eyelids drooped and he was swaying a little, only held up by Natalia’s hold on his arm. When she was done, she removed the tourniquet, gently lowered him to the pillows and pulled the blankets up to his shoulders.
"Yes sir, please sir." Steve pleaded, looking down to meet Tony's lust blown eyes. In preparation, Steve lifted his arms to where the cuffs were and then speed his legs wide. "Pretty please with a cherry on top, sir?" He added with a smile hopeful grin, one he knew Tony wouldn't be able to turn down.
Bucky frowned, he didn’t remember waking up, the last thing he remembered was Bruce explaining the drugs.
"No... I should be there. Hopefully he won't run off this time..." Steve mumbled , wanting nothing more than to be able to hug Bucky, to talk to Bucky, to have him where he belongs. "Tony... I know I usually pair up with Nat but would it be okay if we went together today?" He asked tentatively, he hadn't broken down like that in a long time, especially not in front of someone. He didn't want to risk it happening again in front of someone else.
"I think you're going to like this, my pretty boy... We've never tried it before so if you don't you
Once the elevator stopped and the doors breezed open, Bucky had become very nervous. He didn't know if he would encounter anyone, he didn't know the layout, it could be a trap.
Shaking his head, he became aware of someone saying his name, it sounded echoey in the room and it put his teeth on edge. He felt like he was in a lab, locked up and ready to be experimented on. He turned to the source of the noise, seeing the doctor that had shown him so much kindness before.
Steve snapped his attention to Bruce, brushing past Tony and rushing over. "What? What is it?" He urged, eyes scanning each screen. Bucky had crouched down on his knees and was clutching his metal arm to his chest, head bowed to rest on one knee. Steve wandered if it was a way of silencing the screams that threatened to escape and reveal his identity.
"Ohh fuck!! Please sir, please let me come! I need it." Steve begged, his hips tensing and arching into nothing. Tony snickered, leaning forward and letting his breath tickle Steve's head. He heard a small clatter and then felt Tony's fingers slide inside him. He realised that Tony had discarded the toy, preferring it to be a little more natural. He felt Tony graze his prostate and bring him to the edge again, making him tense and hold on despite what Tony said.
"Fucking hell Rogers! What the fuck is that stuff?! Owwwww!!" He cried, his hands gripping Steve's hips.
Tony smiled softly, tightening his hold on Steve's hand in an almost protective manor. "Sure thing Steve, you want ten minutes to get ready before meeting in the garage?" He suggested hopefully. Steve nodded but then frowned, he didn't have any clothes on this floor, he didn't usually sleep on this floor. He decided he wanted to more often.
did it hurt. Tony was complaining completely throughout, earning lots of apologies from Steve MD. After that, came a dry cotton pad, drying it off and keeping pressure on it. He then reached for a squeezey tube about half empty, it looked a little like a toothpaste tube but Tony suspected it was far from that.
Bucky looked back up at the chain around his wrist; it was silver and shiny, not rusty iron like he expected. The inside of the cuff was softly lined and padded, proving to the assassin inside that it was more for caution than punishment. He hadn't noticed the two similar chains hugging his ankles. He has enough chain length to allow him to move a few metres in each direction but not to reach anything he could use to escape…he liked that trust.
Unlike last time, where Tony slowly made his way out and gradually unfolded and let the cool floor draw out the anxiety, Tony more or less launched himself at the Colonel. One hand still tugged at his hair while the the other fisted Rhodey's t-shirt, he'd shocked Rhodey but the man was a Saint so didn't let go, he just tried to pry his hand away from his head.
Once he was fully in, Tony pulled back, giving an experimental thrust to see how Steve was doing. The blonde whimpered and clung to the bars, looking down, Tony saw that he was now fully erect again. Nice to know he had that effect on people. Unlike before, both men were silent, moans contained between them, stolen breaths and heartfelt kisses. After about half an hour of gentle, rolling hips, Tony's thrusts became more erratic, more forceful. Even then things didn't change, their kisses became more a constant brush of lips rather than controlled movements and their breathing became more laboured.
“-looks of it, the arm is infected around the plates. He has a fever of 103, I wouldn’t be surprised if its nearing on a systemic infection. It will have been messing with him for ages, with his weight I’m honestly surprised it took so long for him to pass out.”
“You should get some rest now, James.” Natalia said, pulling the blankets back as far as Bucky sat and then urging him to stand so she could pull them back further.
"Right, makes sense." Steve said. Tony was surprised at how they guy was acting, most people he met either hated him or screamed at his presence. "I mean who wants to be hounded by press and cameras?" He mused sarcastically, chuckling down at him.
, thought Tony, if he was gonna climb in the wrong apartment it was gonna be that of a super-duper kind guy.
Tony's expression changed as soon as he saw himself. His smooth lips curled up at the corners, making the corners of his eyes crease. His eyes softened and his breathing sped up a little.
"Jarvis, how many times has Clint had his ass handed to him now?" Natasha asked from the side of the training area. Steve currently had a knee on Clint's chest and a forearm at his throat, panting heavily, beads of sweat tricking down his temple.
"There are three in the spare parts box, sir." JARVIS informed as the same time as Natasha mouthed 'repulsors' with nothing more than vague confusion in her eyes.
Bucky took the bottle and drained it within seconds, panting heavily once he'd done, crumpling the empty bottle in his palm.
"The Winter Soldier is currently waking, sir. If you wish to communicate that is." JARVIS' voice sounded distance and tinny but Tony was thankful for it nonetheless.
Biting his lip to contain the grin, Tony leapt up to fetch the eye garment, letting it rest on Steve's chest just in front of where he then straddled. "I'm going to tie you up now, front or back?" He asked as he always did, there was a lot of routine when they did this. Steve thought for a moment, trying not to let the vibrations distract him.
Okay, Steve? Knock once for yes, twice for no, get it?" He asked in a hurry, some words blending into one another.
Another half hour passed and Tony felt Steve begin to twitch around him, he was already close but this just pushed him over. He reached under Steve's hips and lifted so he was able to hit the sweet spot each thrust, and then they were both coming. Steve taking Tony's bottom lip between his teeth and clenching his eyes shut as he came without being touched, white streaming over his belly. Tony followed about a millisecond after Steve began, his hips faltering in their rhythm, filling Steve deep inside.
So, the room he was in. There was what looked like an incline out of the basement. There were twenty cars of various design, worth and condition with room for approximately five more. Originally, Bucky had assumed car park but given twelve of the number plates held some variations of the name
Even with his considerable malnutrition and clear lack of energy, Bucky managed to be faster than Steve. All the alleys connected in a vast network of streets. Bucky turned down many, some connecting to others, but most being dead ends with walls or fences that Bucky jumped over. Even like this the assassin was still more agile. Steve struggled to maintain speed when he kept crashing into walls, ending up so far behind he relied on the sound of Bucky's feet pounding into puddles for direction.
He wasn't allowed the luxury of sleep however, as his knight returned with three pints of water and some aspirin. 'Drink two now and the third in the morning with two of these.' Steve had instructed. Pulling up a chair to watch as he did so, waiting until he was done drinking before asking: 'what happened?'
He looked around and saw the items Clint was holding placed on the desk, when he looked up he saw that Clint was sitting on one of the - Bucky didn't exactly know what it was... It was a tall structure with parts carved out in odd shapes and patterns. Whatever it was, it was an odd place to perch upon, especially with how it wobbled.
"Thank you Tony... Im going to have to work hard to top this next year..." He whispered, eyelids drooping in exhaustion. Tony knew he would regret going to sleep like his but he was extremely comfortable, encased in Steve's embrace, satisfied and shattered. Nodding dumbly, Tony fell asleep to Steve saying 'I love you Tony, always.' Cleanup completely forgotten.
that you realized I was actually laying a trap, you went with it. Even though you had no idea what I was doing, you still went with it. You trusted me, instinctually. That's belief. What is that if not belief? You trusted me, with your whole heart, immediately."
. Victims of Hanahaki disease, in addition to being near-uniformly post-pubescent at the time of onset, always fixate on someone they know personally, with a decent degree of familiarity. It's unrequited love, yes, but it's almost as if the disease wants to give them a fair shot.
But that's not what's happening now. Tony's arms encircle him, shaking with fatigue, and Tony definitely hasn't safeworded. Tony needs this.
"We were fighting," Tony gasps out, pathetic, still half-sobbing, choking on the words. "We were-- we were-- sometimes we don't always see eye to eye. It was bad. It was a mistake. I-- I shouldn't have done it--"
But then, hungry for more, the vultures had moved on to the rest of Tony's life -- and Iron Man's. Every decision Iron Man had made as an Avenger that was the slightest bit suspicious was being ripped apart. And, unfortunately for Tony, several of the worst ones were public information. Steve's stomach twisted as he watched the special reports dredging up Iron Man's worst days. The death of the Carnelian ambassador, which was more relevant to the current situation than any of them knew. And then there had been the drinking, after the ambassador had died. But at least that hadn't made the news. Steve thanked God that no one knew about the drinking that had happened then. Tony's alcoholism hadn't been public, back then.
Tony put the morning's Daily Bugle on the table between them. The headline read CAPTAIN AMERICA... OR CAPTAIN CHEATER? and was accompanied by a very damning picture of last night's gala.
"It's going to be okay." Steve's tone was low, even, calming, soothing, and Tony tried as hard as he could to stay focused on the sound. "It's going to be all right. Just stay with me. I know you can. You're the strongest of all of us, Avenger." His voice softened, unexpectedly tender. "You know that? You really are. I-- I think the world of you, Tony. And every day you amaze me. So I know you can do this. You just have to hold on. Please. Just hold on. For me."
Steve took another sip of his water. "Mmm-hmm. I'm guessing he didn't take it well." Obviously he hadn't. Tiberius had attempted to trap Tony in DreamVision, after all.
"I'll keep that in mind," Tony promised him, and then he smiled down at Steve. Waiting for the story, the same way they used to recount their dreams or their war stories or their favorite D&D campaigns, to pass those long sleepless nights.
Steve felt himself smile, just a bit. "So he asked you to trust him. Just to trust him. I'm asking you to trust me, but
"Hey, Steve." Tony's voice was rough, scratchy. Sad. Lonely. He sounded like he'd been crying. "I know I'm probably the last person you want to hear from ever again in your life. I don't blame you for letting this go to voicemail. I'll be lucky if you don't delete this without listening to it. Oh, God."
The emergency lighting is on on this floor as well. Cabinets of computers line the room in long rows, and their little lights blink. These aren't the main servers for Stark Solutions; as Tony's employee had said, this is the restricted stuff. Steve had looked at the layout. There's a bank of terminals at the other end of the floor, which is the only way to access any of this data. None of it is on the main network, or so the plans said. And that's where the cameras aren't working, by the terminals. It doesn't take a genius to guess what Ghost is doing.
It was an awkward hug. Tony's head was tucked under Steve's chin, and the mail of Steve's shirt had to be scraping his face, but he didn't seem to care. He was shaking, shivering, and when Steve brought his hands up to Tony's bare back, to stop him from toppling over, he found that Tony was cold under his fingers.
"Please," Tony says again. Obviously Steve's going to have to remove some of it, but this-- this is really doing it for Tony. It's a good look on him. It's a really good look. Steve looks like a
Steve heard himself make a small, quiet pained noise when the first of the bandages went around his wrist.
He couldn't move. He opened his mouth to say something -- he didn't know what -- but all he had in him was empty air and a quiet, anguished, wordless sound.
In the dim emergency lighting, Steve can see that the blood dripping down Tony's face is mostly dried. Head wounds always look bad; Steve knows that. Still, knowing that doesn't keep him from worrying about his-- his
-- he'd been imagining something that was, well... seductive. Something that wouldn't be out of place in one of those many photoshoots the internet had been all too eager to show him: Tony lounging on a beach, wearing an artfully-rumpled suit, the top two buttons undone as he gazed soulfully at the camera. But those were all from before Iron Man, and -- as Steve is beginning to understand -- none of them were the real Tony Stark, either.
Too slow. He's spitting phlegm and blossoms down the inside of his mask, out the mouth-slit. When he wrenches his helmet off, he sees that they're roses again, white this time.
Words crowd Steve's mouth, too many for him to say any of them, and he can feel his palms start to sweat. It was too much. Steve came on too strong. That has to be what's gone wrong here.
Oh. His ex. Rumiko and Tony ran in the same circles, so it shouldn't have been a surprise to Tony to find her here, but apparently it was.
On the other end of the line, Jan's sigh is audible. "I'm so sorry to have to do this to you, Cap. I know I promised you the day off for your anniversary. But I really need you in the field as soon as possible."
Steve supposed Tony didn't have to say anything at all if he didn't want to. It was enough that he was here.
"This is a fantasy," Tony spits out. "You know that, right? You can't hide from the rest of your life forever. I'm the only other person in the room. If you fire that gun, who are you going to hit?" He runs his hands through his hair. "You came to me and you wanted my help forgetting about your bullshit black-ops job for a couple of hours, but this-- this is something else."
many people with super-strength in the world, and there's only one of them who's likely to be there at Tony's side. Someone would connect the dots. He knows what the press would say if they found out what Captain America likes to do in bed. It wouldn't be pretty. And Tony would be even more recognizable. That's why it's a fantasy.
"Of course I didn't," Steve said, surprised. Why would Tony have assumed he'd do that? "Why, did you
Tony's gaze was very far away. He looked like he wanted to be sick. "It was always much worse than I thought it was, wasn't it?" he said in a small voice. "It was all wrong and I didn't even know. He, uh. He said it felt good enough that he couldn't possibly stop himself. But that was another lie, wasn't it? And then he'd get upset when I had to stop because I was choking or gagging or sometimes just crying. And I just thought, if I could get good at it, if I could do it right, he'd finally be happy. I was so
The inhalation is a little sharper than the armor's vocal filtering can cover; the sound is more human than Iron Man usually lets slip. There's a flicker of motion as Iron Man's eyes fall shut behind the mask, and Iron Man stands there, statue-still, for several seconds. Steve waits.
"No, seriously, I would have." Steve sighed. "I had a lot of learning to do, about relationships. About putting in effort. Showing your partner that you're there for them, that you care about them. Not taking them for granted." That hadn't been the last straw, for him and Bernie, but it had definitely contributed to them breaking up. "And I wasn't good when things got tough. I wasn't any good when someone needed... support." Rachel had been through a hell of a lot, and it wasn't Steve's story to tell. But he definitely hadn't been good at managing his own feelings about any of it.
Steve considered the question. "Like myself," he said, honestly. "Like myself, and very, very happy."
Steve hears the softest rustle of fabric somewhere from the middle of the room, moving toward the windows. Steve has often been a fan of exiting buildings through the windows, but Ghost's method of egress is definitely not the same as Steve's, as he suspects Ghost is planning on literally exiting through the windows. Without opening them.
Steve's mouth twitched. A tear clung to his chin. "Good," he murmured. "That's good. I'm glad it feels nice. I like touching you too. Always wondered what it would be like if I did, you know?"
And he seemed to have forgotten that Steve was the kind of fella who threw himself out of airplanes without a parachute on the regular because Steve just said
An indefinable sadness ripples over Mr. Stark's face, a storm front passing through his blue, blue eyes, and then disappears entirely. "He's downstairs in my workshop," Mr. Stark says, his voice much more brisk now. "I stayed here last night to make some modifications to his armor. Do you need to talk to him? Is it Avengers business?" He pushes his chair back like he means to stand up. "Just give me a few minutes and I can fetch him for you."
ask him. The world thinks it has the goddamn right to know. And because of that, Tony likes to keep things like this private, as private as he can. And he has, thus far. At least about this. The team doesn't know Tony's kinks. And Steve knows that Tony worries they'd think less of him if they did.
Yeah, that was exactly how Steve was feeling. "I'd always have let you." Steve found that his voice was husky. "Always. The night I moved into the mansion, all you would have had to do was walk into my room."
Steve has long since learned to recognize the distinctively heavy, clanking sounds of Iron Man's footsteps in the hallway; no one else sounds like they're wearing an entire suit of armor, after all.
Iron Man glances over at him as they take their seats, and even though Steve can't see his face, he knows Iron Man is smiling.
He undid the cuff of his shirt, pushed the sleeve up, and held out his arm, palm up. Steve didn't figure out what Tony was doing until Tony reached out with his free hand, picked up one of Steve's hands, and pushed Steve's fingers against his arm. The angle was wrong, but Steve understood now.
"Hey," Steve says, a little louder but not urgent. "So, I was thinking. Since it's still our anniversary and all, how about I do something nice for you? I've got an idea that I think you might like." He tries to keep all possible innuendo out of his voice. It's intimate, all right, but it's not that, and he definitely doesn't want Tony to think that's what he wants, because Tony's in a state of mind where he might very well say yes to sleeping with Steve solely because he thinks it will make Steve happy, and that's certainly not a positive outcome. "It's not the same thing I was planning to do at the beginning of the evening, I'll admit, but I-- I think I can help you feel good. I'd-- I'd really like to do that."
Mr. Stark doesn't answer Steve's messages. Neither does Iron Man -- at least until the next morning, when Steve gets a text message that just says,
"Yes," Steve said, practically crimson, and clearly one-hundred-percent earnest. "God, yes." His laugh was strangled. "I'm sorry, I'm terrible at flirting, you probably want someone who's more--"
"I'm starting a fashion trend," Steve said, deadpan, and Tony chuckled. At least he was trying. It would be okay. They'd be inside soon, and then Tony could finally let go. "Come on. This way."
"I'm okay," Tony whispered. That was what Steve needed to hear, and it was true. "I'm okay, I'm here, I'm safe. I'm not going anywhere without you."
His awareness of the world narrowed down, focused; the only sensation that mattered was the heft and weight of Tony's cock on his tongue, filling his mouth.
"Don't stop," Steve breathes, and he fumbles, eyes still shut, until his hands land in Iron Man's hair, soft and silky, and he pulls their mouths back together.
Red, white, and blue. That's what they've always been. At least his cause of death is going to have a sense of dramatic irony.
"It was so easy to get to you," Tiberius said, as if he hadn't heard Tony speak, sounding almost proud of himself. "All I had to do was pretend I loved you. And you fell for it. So naive. Like you thought someone might actually love you. You know no one ever will. You know that now, don't you? No one's ever going to love you back, Tony. Maybe you can fool them for a little while, but then they'll find out who you really are. They'll see that you're flawed. Broken. Terrible. Undeserving. And then they'll find someone better. They always have, haven't they? You know I'm right."
There was still a smile on Tiberius' face. "You didn't think this was just a party, did you, Tony?" He was practically gloating, which Steve didn't think was especially nice. "Of course not. It's a product launch."
, not really. She wants Tony. Tony is clearly the ideal choice for this mission. It's one of Tony's villains, in Tony's building. And, unfortunately, Jan really, really can't have Tony. It would be bad enough if Steve went on his own and left Tony alone -- but how the hell can Steve fight Ghost by himself? Tony needs to be there. But Tony is absolutely not in a fit state to step onto a battlefield. Steve isn't even sure Tony can stand up on his own right now.
Tony's business decisions were torn to shreds. The last time he'd faked his death. All the companies he'd lost or given up. The news painted a picture of a man desperate to regain his wealth and status, a man who would be willing to take down Donahue just to make himself look better. A man who'd commit murder.
"So," Tony said, and his voice was a little too casual, "you really listened to that entire rambling voicemail I left you?"
now." He pronounced the word in four careful, laborious syllables, like he'd read it in a dictionary and never said it aloud.
There are EMT shears in the top drawer of the nightstand, and Tony's comfort is worth far, far more to Steve than the cost of a couple hundred feet of rope. Steve's confident with rope, but accidents do happen, and the shears are angled and blunted, to make it difficult to cut skin. He's never had to use them before. He doesn't have to go far to get them, but Tony's face falls again when Steve stops touching him, even though Steve's only a few feet away.
"I think about you a lot," Steve tried again, and God, he'd said that, hadn't he? "I always have. Not like-- it wasn't always-- but sometimes a lot." Yeah, that made no sense. He sighed. "On the way here, you-- you probably didn't even notice, but you had your hands on my belt. And I thought-- I tried not to think-- I thought about what you could do. To me." He squeezed his eyes shut. "I tried not to. When I thought you didn't want me. Slipped up sometimes. Slipped up a lot more, lately."
a pervert, let me just say that the idea of chaining you up in vibranium is a turn-on in several different ways."
He wasn't going to knock, because then Jarvis would be there to open the door for him, and Steve absolutely, positively did not want to face another human being right now. He just wanted to get to his room. Lock the door. Crawl into bed. Not come out for a week.
"Darling," Jan said, sweetly, "I stood here for half an hour while you explained your latest experiments to Sebastian Shaw. Let me have this."
Iron Man's eyes sparkle behind the mask, and Steve imagines that, underneath it, Iron Man is smiling. "Nope," he says, cheerfully. "It's a mystery."
"Yep," Steve confirmed. "He never published it in his lifetime because he knew they wouldn't let him keep the happy ending, apparently. And that was what he wanted."
Steve had been hoping Tony would be a little more forthcoming than this, but Tony had been the one who'd brought it up in the first place, so he didn't seem to be unwilling. It was as good as Steve was probably ever going to get.
, there where Tony was touching him. And it was enough, it was definitely enough, but he was beyond any kind of restraint and he wanted to have exactly what he wanted.
Eventually, behind a little tub of Vaseline, Steve finds a mostly-full bottle of lavender-scented body oil. That's got to be the right one. He fishes it out and holds it up for inspection anyway.
"No," Steve said, a little confused, because wasn't that obvious? "No pressure. I love you. You've still got me. No matter what. Even if it turns out you could use a little more practice, I'm sticking around. You're worth it. Besides, I guarantee
"Oh, that's not a problem at all!" Jan said. She held her arms wide, inviting. "You can come home with us! Plenty of room in the backseat for you."
Tony smiled again. "You have. And if it helps to have... permission, everything you've ever thought about me is fine. More than fine. Whatever it is. Feel free to keep thinking about me." His hand on Steve's stomach slid downward, only a fraction of an inch, but there was definite intent behind it now.
Tony was silent for another few seconds. "I think if I were dreaming all this, Ty wouldn't be handing me a fact I could use to discover that. So that's a point in your favor. But he could be trying to get my hopes up again. So if it turned out that the reality was that people could read in dreams, and your claim is a lie, being able to read something now wouldn't prove it. But I can't say as I remember a dream I've ever read something in. And I think if it were possible, I would have done it by now."
And here Tony was, acting like he thought he'd done something wrong. Like he was waiting to be told he was wrong. Tiberius had done an awful lot of damage, hadn't he? Steve suspected they were going to keep finding scars for a long time to come. And Steve hated that it had happened, hated that Tony had ever been hurt, but he'd known what he was getting into when he'd kissed Tony. And he was planning on staying. For good.
He'd already told Tony he wasn't going to ask him about Tiberius unless Tony wanted to talk about him. What else was there?
The sneer on Mordo's face appeared to be permanent. "I wouldn't expect someone like you to understand, Iron Man."
The date was perfect. The film was great, as always, and they spent the whole ride chatting about the differences between the version Steve had seen so long ago and the one now -- and, of course, about Iron Man's fondness for the robot.
"Oh, longer than that," Steve said. Tony was trying to speak, but no sound came out. "I definitely loved you -- you and Iron Man, I mean -- before that. And I, uh. I thought you were very handsome." His face was getting hot again. "And I'd just learned that two of my best friends were the same best friend, and you understood me, like no one else did, and you were so kind, and I loved you so much, and I knew right then that... that was it. You were it. Didn't know what I was going to do about it. Didn't think I was going to do anything about it. But I knew."
Steve understood even better now why Tony hadn't ever come out. This was what they'd have done to him. This and worse.
The boy looks up at him and shakes his head, mute. His eyes are wide, terrified, and he takes a step back.
He needed to stop dithering and make a decision. He knew he was hesitating because he was scared. He was afraid for Tony. Yeah, well, what else was new?
Tony's reaction was gratifying; he said something that wasn't quite audible, even to Steve, and he shuddered against Steve's mouth, one hand clenching the blankets next to Steve's head. Steve could do this. He could make Tony feel like this. And he-- he liked doing it. Just like he'd thought he would, his whole life. Emboldened, Steve licked him again, this time tracing a path up the underside of his cock, up to the very tip. He tried to do what he knew he liked, himself, letting his tongue press against the sensitive spot just below the head.
He expects Tony to keep ignoring him, but instead Tony brings a hand back down, strokes through his hair, and wipes the tear away. "Shh," Tony says, soft, soothing. "You're thinking too much. Don't think about anything." His fingers card through Steve's hair again. "I don't need you to think. I just need you to be here."
Steve gathered Tony up in his arms. "No, you weren't stupid. It's not stupid to want to make someone happy. He didn't deserve it, but that doesn't mean you did anything wrong, wanting it. And you made me happy, okay? Very, very happy. I liked it. I liked it a whole lot. I'm just... not going to hurt you."
Tony Stark is Iron Man. It seems almost impossible to believe. Thirty seconds ago, Steve knew two distinctly different men -- one his best friend in this time, his teammate, his beloved, and the other a more distant acquaintance, a genius engineer, his team benefactor, his landlord. And now he knows that they're one and the same.
They've already had the more conventional part of their anniversary celebration. Steve took Tony out to a very nice restaurant -- and
"He asked if I was dating you," Tony said in horrified realization, and, yeah, he'd caught up now. "I remember that I had no idea why he thought that, and he-- oh, God, I'm an
Tony ran his fingers through his hair again and glanced away. He wasn't looking at Steve. "Steve, I, uh." His throat worked. "Obviously I can't deny I have, uh, feelings for you. I wasn't planning on telling you that, either, but I guess you've figured that out now, huh?" His face flushed again, and this time it was clearly embarrassment, and now Steve really had no idea what was going on. Then Tony looked up and met his gaze. "Steve, you mean the world to me, and I'm-- I'm really flattered, but--"
"Well, then?" Steve snaps. It's not particularly kind of him -- but then, neither is Mr. Stark, right now. "Come on. Out with it. Tell me."
"Kiss me?" Steve gasps, desperate, because he wants to come like this, wants to feel Tony's mouth on his one more time.
Iron Man tips his head against Steve's shoulder, and Steve wraps an arm around him and holds him tight. Iron Man can't feel him through the armor. He knows that. But in some ways, the armor is an asset -- he can hold Iron Man as tightly as he likes, with all the feeling in him, and he doesn't have to worry that he'll hurt Iron Man with his strength, because he knows he can't. Not like this.
"So what you need," Tony continued, "is someone who isn't afraid to put their back into it. Literally. Someone who knows exactly how much you can take and wants to make you
Then Tony looked back at him, fear in his eyes, like he was actually worried that Steve might believe the news story rather than the truth. "The worst part is," Tony rasped, "that they're not entirely wrong. Iron Man did kill Whiplash. And I was in the armor. But the armor was
"Yeah," Tony said. His gaze was faraway. "Yeah, it does. Not sure how it's going to feel when it heals up and scars over all the way, but it's been a mess under here for a good month and a half. I notice it more when I'm stressed. So, as you can imagine, I've felt absolutely great this week." Tony half-smiled. "For a while now, I've been picturing everything I thought you were going to say when you found out. Thought of a lot of different ways this would go. Never expected that the first question was going to be whether it hurt."
It had never occurred to him that the rest of his teammates, the rest of his friends, might also watch it. It probably should have. He hadn't thought of it. But then, he hadn't been thinking of a lot of things lately, had he?
The car pulls away from the curb, and after a few seconds Iron Man settles back into his seat like he's been here before a thousand times. Steve admires his confidence.
"I do," Tony said, urgently, as if he thought that Steve might have doubted his feelings. "I do, I really do."
Steve stretches out on his bed, with Tony and Stephen on either side of him. His gaze slides between the two of them. He's nervous, Tony knows, but he'll never say, and this version of him doesn't know Tony knows all his tells perfectly.
That was a relief. But that didn't make any of this okay, either, just because it could have been worse.
, exactly. I just wanted to let you know that if you hadn't checked any news websites in the past ten minutes, you... might want to do that."
Tony laughed softly. "I think you know the answer to that," he breathed. His hips bumped against Steve's and, yeah, Tony was getting hard again. So was Steve, actually. Steve was definitely leaking against Tony's pants, actually. "Oh, you definitely know the answer to that," Tony said, and heat coursed through Steve. "Mmm. Yeah. That's nice. It'd be even nicer if I were wearing fewer clothes, I think. What do you think?"
, Tony. So Tiberius probably didn't know it was you in the Iron Man suit. But Radioactive Man was still trying to kill you. And he ended up killing himself and four other people."
The box -- and the crop that had come out of it -- lay in the middle of Tony's bed. Tony picked the crop up by the handle and turned it over, considering; he gave the mattress next to him a few experimental lashes. It had been used for some time, he thought, to judge by the wear on the leather of the popper, but there wasn't too much else he could tell. He set it aside and turned to consider the box itself.
Tony's smile went sharp. "I was hoping you were." Then he tipped his head against Steve's shoulder, and Steve realized he was watching what he was doing, oh, God. Steve moaned, and Tony made a pleased humming noise. "Want to tell me how this goes? Or should I figure it out myself?"
"As I understand it," Steve says, slowly, "even the best odds have some degree of uncertainty. I'm... in a unique position, you might say, to offer you a solution that will definitely not end in terminal cancer. Though I don't know whether or not you'd call it
." He remembered Tony's rattling final breaths, the agonized sorrow on his face, the weight of Tony's body. Tony had died apologizing for crimes he'd been innocent of. It had been one of the most miserable days of Steve's life. "What good would turning you in have done? Was I supposed to take a stand for justice about murders you actually hadn't committed when you had so little time left to live?"
Steve took Tony's hand again. He smiled. "That's all true." He grinned. "Maybe you're a little more optimistic than I'd be about my chances with the entire world, but yes. It's you."
Steve was smiling as he leaned in again. After a second of thought, he decided to go a little further. Carefully, he opened his mouth wider, taking Tony in, letting the head of Tony's cock rest on his tongue as he closed his lips around the shaft. He knew he was clumsy. How could he not be? He'd never done this before.
Steve muttered, frantically lifting papers and cushions and random wrenches that Tony seemed to leave laying around. After sparring the trio went for a short swim in the hopes of loosening Clint's shoulder. Then they cleaned up and met in the communal kitchen, Sam and Thor preparing snacks for the movies they were going to watch; Sam, who had a twelve year old niece, decided the team needed to be put through the same tortures he suffered, in the form of the 'Twilight saga'. Steve had read the synopsis and figured he would get away with sketching for the 7 or so hours that he and the team would be suffering for. Only he couldn't find it.
"No sir, I-i can last." He panted, he would try his hardest, he hated dissapointing Tony. He swallowed hard and clenched his eyes shut when Tony took Steve in his palm, grasping him tightly as he stroked.
"If I may captain?" Jarvis piped up, making all but Natasha jump out of their skin. It was kinda bad really; a Demi-God, an assassin, and two soldiers were shocked by a voice they all knew was there. "I believe the book you are describing is in Mr Starks workshop." He continued, almost cautiously, as though he would be punished for talking.
Instead, he wheeled it with him as he stalked towards Bruce. The glass was thick, much too thick for him to break through without his arm. Built not for him then but perhaps something stronger. “Why am I in your cage?” He asked, his eyes narrowed with suspicion, anger and poorly concealed fear.
Steve waited longer than usual for Tony to return, he had begun to grow concerned when he heard footsteps coming toward the bed, after hearing the sound of cloth against skin he felt Tony's hand underneath his skull, tilting it upwards. "Drink." Tony ordered softly when Steve felt the rim of a bottle at his lips. Cool water ran into his mouth and he eagerly swallowed, it soothing the slight soreness that had come from crying out so much.
So, four weeks and a lot of hunting later Tony was sat against the sealed elevator door of Steve's floor. He wasn't sure how he'd done it but the door would not open, and JARVIS could not give any indication of Steve's condition.
Again Bucky noticed how Natalia's speech was both powerful and calming. Even if he couldn't remember, he could understand why he was drawn to Natalia.
He felt Steve's breath hitch before he remembered himself. Being the kind Samaritan he was, Steve opted for just picking Tony up instead of helping him walk, he would get him to bed quicker.
"I won't sir, I promise." Steve whimpered, the last word dying out into loud moan of ecstasy as the toy began to vibrate.
"Tony? Tony focus on me. You need to come out from under here Tones." Rhodey turning up was like a miracle, the one man who wouldn't judge Tony, or blame him, for his actions. He was also one of the few people who had seen this side of Tony, the side that no one wanted anyone to see. Currently, Rhodey was crouched by the desk, maybe two or three metres away and more out in the open space, knowing exactly where to be, having done this with Tony before.
The next alley was empty. Empty and quiet, blissfully so. Steve dropped to his knees as tears filled his eyes, trickling down and mingling with the rain pouring down his face. He'd been given one opportunity and he'd blown it, he would never get Bucky back now, never be able to save him from the horrors he's facing. Bucky would surely be dead in a month if he didn't get food or water, the serum only went so far, and Steve was pretty sure Bucky didn't have the same as his own.
Tony finally pushed past Steve with narrowed eyes, to take his seat and ignored Rhodey's amused glances as Steve took the only other seat left open, the one on Tony's other side and Rhodey stood, making the table go quiet.
She doesn't understand why Steve is so insistent that they keep Howard close, and Steve looks at her with one those weird looks again. "Howard turns...mean. Hard, and i think we can prevent that with some careful manuevering and making sure he's got a family around him."
Tony is eighteen, holding onto Steve as he holds his diplomas, and Steve grins, kissing his forehead. Steve's starting to get grey at his temples, just a little, and Tony loves him. He loves him so much.
Steve kisses her forehead on the other side, and years later, Tony and Steve's children grow up with their Aunt Peggy's picture proudly on the mantle, stories of her love and courage and strength told fondly and warmly.
"Wait, aren't you dating Tony?" He asked, before he could stop his mouth and Bruce snorted next to him, laughing. Tony looked affronted. "Rhodey is my brother, that would be...weird. He knows me too well."
They don't talk about the fact that he came from the future often. Steve's always got a loved, happy smile on his face and she knows enough to know that they subverted most of his worries.
She's taking off her earrings, before she looks at Steve in her mirror. He and Tony are close - probably too close if viewed by outside company - but Steve is still discreet.
In this universe, Steve Rogers stumbles out of what can only be described as a vortex with grief in his eyes and a wedding ring around his dogtags and she takes him home, quietly.
Steve has never been anything from appropriate with Tony. She's...watched. Better to be safe. But Tony has just grown up with a loving Steve who protects him and takes him out on trips and Uncle Bucky and Aunt Peggy and so on.
Steve and co had moved in about a year ago, and since then he and Tony had sniped and snarked at each other at every step, never missing an opportunity to metaphorically pull at each others pigtails and get a rise out of the other.
Howard still owns Stark Industries, but with some nudging from Steve, he shifts their focus, and one of his older friends, Obadiah Stane goes missing, but theres too much excitement in the news that Maria is pregnant for it to really go anywhere.
Tony's gaze was still fixed on Steve, so he didn't see what Steve saw: the small, triumphant smile that flashed across Tiberius' face for a split-second and then vanished.
he? Surely Tony would have remembered. Steve had been seeing-- oh, what was her name-- his neighbor, out in Brooklyn Heights-- God, he really couldn't think--
That must have been some explanation, all right, Steve thought, with admiration. Still, Tony was a genius, so it had to be a solid explanation, somehow. Tony obviously wouldn't have believed it otherwise.
Steve put his head in his hands. Grief washed over him, drowning out the short-lived relief. But he knew what he had to do. He had to keep going. He opened his eyes.
and it was skirting the edge of being too much. Overwhelming. He didn't know what would happen to him when he slipped across that border.
the consequences. Your friend here doesn't seem to appreciate the true power of magic. I think perhaps he needs to be taught a lesson. Wouldn't you agree?"
"I wasn't kidding about having more than one round in me," Steve gasped out. "So if you really don't want to swallow, you should probably... not," he added, reluctantly.
Tony pulled away far too soon for Steve's liking. His eyes were wide and dazed, and he was smiling as he licked his lips.
"I sure wasn't back then," Steve said. He met Tony's eyes. "And I know you know exactly how I did you wrong. You, specifically." Everything he'd said to Tony when Tony had been drinking had been... unconscionable. There were no excuses. "And it would have been like that, or even worse than that, if we'd been together. And I'm-- I'm sure not claiming to be perfect now, but I like to think I'm better than I was. I think we've got a shot now. We wouldn't have had one, back then. But we've got one now, and I'm aiming to do right by you. As much as I possibly can."
Tony's gaze went bright, focused; yeah, he'd figured out where Steve was going already. But he was silent, thoughtful for a few seconds. "I've heard it," he said, finally. He rubbed his jaw. He was getting fidgety again. "I'm not familiar with it enough that I know what the basis for it is or whether the science checks out."
Anguished and heartsick, he looked around the room again, trying to make sense of the situation. It didn't look there had been any kind of struggle, which made the whole thing even more confusing. He knew Tony wouldn't have gone willingly. Even the most charismatic smooth-talker in the whole world wasn't going to be able to get Tony in bed after everything Tony had found out about Tiberius. But he hadn't fought him off. So what the hell had happened?
"That was different," Steve said. "This is the good kind of bondage." His eyes were a little hazy, and he was smiling, a faint and hopeful little smile. Tony could still hardly believe that Steve was
So he gently tilted his head back, straightening up, breaking the kiss. Tony's eyes were still closed. He was breathing slowly, raggedly, in through his nose, out through his mouth, like he was trying to ground himself. Steve slid his palm over the nape of Tony's neck, and Tony shivered and bowed his head, his breath catching again.
"Keep your hands above your head," Tony ordered. "I'm going to do all the work. The more you move, the more you hurt. But you know that."
Steve took another breath and tried to steady himself. "Okay. So the main character, obviously, is a fella by the name of Maurice." He said the name right. "And he's gay. He doesn't know that at first, but we see him growing up, and he's not interested in girls at all. Just guys. Not that he realizes it at the beginning. He's... well, I thought he was upper-class, when I read it the first time, but he ends up having to work for a living, so you probably wouldn't call him rich. I didn't know the difference." His face was a little hot again. He remembered the awful scorn on Tiberius' face.
and, wow, his cock really liked that idea. He squirmed a little. He was pretty sure his cock was smearing more pre-come on Tony's leg. He was pretty sure Tony was aware of that. "I, uh. Maybe."
"I know you and Tony get like this sometimes." Her voice was quiet, a little awkward. "We all know. We all care about you. Both of you. You're intense, the two of you, and you're both very... strong-willed," she said, after a pause, like she'd had to choose that word with care. It was nicer than a lot of the things Steve had been called. "So you fight sometimes. But it always gets better. It always, always gets better. And I know it hurts right now, but that's not forever. Because you always make up, don't you? You're always friends again. And maybe that doesn't feel true right now, but it is. I know it is."
He wasn't in the mood for any of Tony's apologies. Not when they weren't the one he'd hoped to hear.
Steve didn't think Tony's complexion could let him blush, but there are bright spots of color in his cheeks, and when he lets the remaining armor fall, Steve sees why: he's wearing black lingerie, a barely-there creation of silk and lace, clinging to the curves of his ass.
People had often told Steve things like that, over the years. Most of them seemed to think it was part of being Captain America, as if the serum had bestowed on him the ability to be inspirational. Steve figured it had probably already been part of him. He didn't know how he did it, and he wouldn't have been able to explain it any more than Tony could explain how it was he could look at a blank blueprint and know how to invent something that would change the world. Steve just opened his mouth and told the truth, and people saw that within him.
Tony's gaze drops, obviously and deliberately, to Steve's cock. The thin fabric of his underwear doesn't hide much. And then Tony grins broadly and arches up, putting his ass practically in the air, muscles flexing as he finally works his underwear off. He is gloriously, shamelessly nude. It's one hell of a appealing view, and Tony is clearly well-aware that Steve is... moved. That's the point. The tension within Steve loosens a little more, replaced by the pleasant low-key hum of arousal, a tingling warmth. It's much nicer that way. He feels... good.
Steve's hands were shaking, and his breathing was unsteady and shallow, and, God, he really was scared. Tony brought up a hand to the back of Steve's head, tugged the cowl off in his fist, and ran his fingers through Steve's hair and down his spine until Steve started to settle down.
Tony was different. Steve didn't know how many men Tony had been with before Tiberius, but it hadn't been a lot. Tony had said as much. And if Steve had never found out until now, there couldn't have been very many at all. Tony was good with secrets when he needed to be. It had taken Steve five whole years to learn he was Iron Man, after all. And Tony was very, very good with this particular secret. He didn't want anyone else to know.
He holds out a hand, an offer of support, of intimacy, but Iron Man dodges him, weaving, stumbling as he takes a few steps forward and inside; Steve has to step back so Iron Man doesn't trip over him. He sure looks like he's about to fall over at any second.
This is awful. Steve can't stand to look at him any longer. He focuses his gaze instead on the abandoned circuit board on the workbench that Mr. Stark is leaning heavily on. That seems safer.
"Hey, hey, shh," Steve said, softly. He realized he was stroking Tony's shoulder. He stopped; he let go. "You're not stupid, Tony. You're brilliant. You've always been brilliant."
"Size nine," Mr. Stark rasps. "You'll want something non-conductive. Not metal. Ceramic or silicone are your best bets. Maybe carbon fiber."
Carol's chin snapped up with the force of the blow. She hadn't braced for it, and her entire body rocked back and up with it. And then Steve realized that she
Steve snorted and took a step back. "That's awfully confident coming from someone who hasn't yet landed a-- oof!"
The heat of Steve's hand on his face faded. Steve wasn't touching him. Steve had let go. Probably to do what he said he was going to do, if Tony let him. It was cold without Steve there. Tony thought about crying some more.
Steve wanted to tell him the concern wasn't warranted, but he could see it from Tony's point of view. If something was bad enough that any part of Steve's body needed to be immobilized, it was
And then Steve looks up, and fire sparks hot in his eyes. Could be lust. Could be a flaming space death bird.
Steve had never thought of it that way, but maybe now Tony was finally getting it. Maybe now he understood how much Steve loved him.
He's always been kind. He doesn't remember anything. In the beginning, he was always kind. There's a lump in Tony's throat.
He was crying silently. Maybe he'd already been crying, with the helmet on. "I'm-- I'm sure," Tony said, quietly, hoarsely, and then in an even smaller voice, he added, "But if you're offering hugs, I'd really like another one of those hugs."
?" Nose scrunching, he tilts his head to the side like he's the damn RCA dog, and, okay, maybe Jim Morrison is an acquired taste for someone who was last listening to Bing Crosby.
needs it, he knows Tony does. Tony definitely needs this. Tony's been so good, so very good, and so patient, and Tony deserves this.
Wanda shook her head. "Not that I know of," she said. "And he hasn't asked for backup either, if that's what you're wondering."
"That too, soldier," Tony said, acknowledging his point with a grin. "Obviously, yes, it would have some great benefits for certain kinds of training. But think of the therapeutic uses! Controlled exposure therapy for phobias. Practicing difficult conversations. Safely re-experiencing traumatic memories with help, but changing them. It'd be like guided visualization on a whole new level. It'd be life-saving. Literally life-saving. Can you imagine it?"
The grin faded. There was something reluctant in Tony's eyes. "Steve, I-- I haven't done anywhere near as much as you think I have." He sounded ashamed to admit this. "When I-- when Ty and I-- he, uh. He wouldn't do any of
One quirk of the serum is that Steve's always run a little warm, ever since Tony's known him. His temperature's never outrageously high, but whenever the Avengers have had occasion to get his vitals, he's always at least 99. Tony likes it. Steve's always pleasantly toasty. He's nice in the winters. It's not like Tony only likes him for his warmth, but, well, he has some bad associations with snowstorms. So, on the whole, Tony really enjoys the fringe benefits.
And Tony did. Exactly as Steve had asked, exactly as tight as he wanted it. Steve was beginning to suspect that one of the reasons everyone else had liked sleeping with Tony so much was that he was, as a general rule, incredibly responsive to good feedback. It was a fact Steve had figured out about Tony early on, somewhere in the first few years of being Tony's team chair, but somehow he hadn't anticipated that Tony would be exactly the same in bed. And this meant that of course Tony was going to be
Tony laughs, and Steve can feel it when he does. Tony shudders once more underneath him. "I spend most of the day either at a desk, staring at a screen, or wearing a full suit of armor. I think both of those are probably bad for my neck in different ways, and they don't cancel each other out."
Steve gestures vaguely at himself and Tony realizes he's just been propositioned to become a Phoenix Host. It's still not the weirdest thing that's happened to him today.
He tries to push the feeling away, to not follow the spiral down into the memory. Tony's smile looks even more exhausted. It quivers. His gaze is downcast -- Tony's still taller than him right now anyway -- and his face starts to fall. God, no. Tony doesn't need to worry about
But Tony said he was okay, so Steve nods and heads to the closet, where his uniform is hanging. Somewhere behind him, there's the heavy click of Tony's armor case unlatching. He grabs his uniform, then turns to the dresser to get himself some better socks, and while he's there he picks up some underwear for Tony, because Tony definitely doesn't want to go commando in solid metal.
"Hey!" Steve said, sleepy and startled, from somewhere very close by on his left, like he'd just woken up in a hurry, and then Steve's hands on Tony's shoulder were gently pressing him back down to the bed. "Don't you dare try to sit up, mister." Only Steve could make a rebuke sound so affectionate. "They spent hours in surgery stitching you all back together and, uh, I'm not quite sure you have working abdominal muscles right now. And you don't want to test that and be wrong about it, Shellhead."
"Oh, good," Steve says, relieved. But he's still curious. "I know it wasn't the right one, but what's PTFE, anyway?"
with him, Steve. Maybe you saw that in him. I wish I'd seen it. I didn't understand. But there's something wrong inside him."
Mr. Stark looks up, and his eyes meet Steve's, his gaze hard and unwavering. It surprises Steve, because he's found, over the years, that not a lot of people are willing to stand up to Captain America and tell him they think he's wrong. He certainly hadn't thought Mr. Stark would be one of them.
And then Ghost is visible again, charging at him. Reflexively, Steve holds the drive high and away, over his head.
"I believe you," Steve murmured, between kisses. "Tony, we don't have to-- I don't want to do anything you don't want to do, okay? The offer doesn't expire."
. Molten metal was sloughing down half of Tony's faceplate, blocking one of the eye slits and half of the mouth.
Tony glanced up, saw the shield, and visibly relaxed. He nodded. Then he reached down and yanked the headset off Tiberius' head.
One late night, they get to talking about religion: Iron Man tells him he's an atheist. Steve's a little surprised to hear it. He supposes it must be a more acceptable thing for people to admit to now, like being queer. But they both know an actual god, so he's not sure how Iron Man reconciles that. But it's clearly what he believes.
