“There are many things I can’t do, that I wish I could” Sherlock admits, his quiet words betraying the fact that he’s not talking about the weather anymore.
John understands all of that, he isn’t stupid and never was. He is Sherlock’s, though - so he gets up, too, throws his shirt on, stands no more than an inch away from him as he buttons it up, lets his knuckles brush against the man’s cottoned chest and thinks, achingly, about kissing him again.
The dull ache in his arthritic left shoulder should have been enough to distract him from his nerves but it was now such a constant that he barely registered it. All John’s focus was on the man sitting with his back to him, alone amongst all these people.
“I’m stuck John. I need your help. Help me John. Please” whined Sherlock. He pushed off his pyjama bottoms and spread his legs wide.
Redbeard tumbled out of the back door step with Sherlock flying behind him. They charged, pell-mell down the garden towards the orchard, picking up a blistering pace, hearts heaving and chests pumping, manes flowing behind them.
“Lunch? We could go to that pub around the corner that Greg brought us to once, or maybe Indian?” wondered John.
An hour later, John and Sherlock are roused from sleep by the doorbell ringing. Exchanging sleepy looks, they agree to ignore it by the simple expedient of both closing their eyes again. When the doorbell rings a second time, held down for a continuous thirty seconds, John grumpily dons his dressing gown and stomps down the stairs.
Being British, John instantly knew how to address such aggressive conflict. He had been in the Army, he knew things about de-escalation and conflict resolution,
Sherlock sat and thought for a long moment. He had some misgivings and wondered if they were the kind of people anyone would entrust the care of a child to. He looked at John. He would do anything to make that man happy. Never let it be said Sherlock Holmes was one to run away from a challenge. Also, it would provide him with the opportunity to observe the behaviour of children in a very close way. Maybe he could run a few experiments. Ah no, not experiments.
“I grew up in America, yes. I have travelled widely and seen many spectacular things. Come, I need to show you something”.
Working his way up from the back of Sherlock’s knees to his inner thighs, John spread the long legs wider so he could see better. There were a few scars on the insides of the thighs but as John pressed his tongue into the sensitive spot where the top of Sherlock’s thighs met his balls and he began to lick and kiss, he was dismayed to see a few of the tiny scars here in that most delicate of places.
One of them should say something. John should, probably, remove his hands – one now combing slowly through sweat ruined curls, the other drifting back and forth between Sherlock’s shoulder blades, stalling on the fold of his shirt collar. Yet he does nothing to remedy any of it, trapped in a place neither of them has ever really been before.
John can’t help but laugh, both at the ridiculousness of that statement and the absolutely unsurprising fact that Sherlock could become a master chef after simply watching a few online videos. If he’d known that, John would have suggested it a long time ago. Baker Street could have done with some home cooking, amid cartons of takeaway and body parts.
perhaps is the best thing John’s ever seen. Then his goose bumps are being kissed by teeth, from his shoulder to his breast bone, and everything, the whole of London, pales in comparison.
The tile squeaks as Sherlock flattens his hand against it, trying to find purchase while John’s palm works around him. Those eyes are still closed so John moves closer, kisses his sternum and neck and face and lips, Sherlock’s mouth open and wet as their tongues slide together. John feels his own cock, trapped between them, brush Sherlock’s thigh, achingly close to the hand hanging limp there.
White noise screams in John ears, and perhaps if it ceased, he would be able to hear the shifting of earth above him. Could find solace in the scraping of metal on wood, as people feet above them dig and dig.
These moments have been more frequent of late. Since packing up their lives in London and moving to Sussex, Sherlock’s heart has bloomed like the crown of roses over their front door. It’s the little things John knew were always there but are now bold and obvious, proclaimed without hesitation. His own icy exterior has melted, too. Those difficult years are so far behind them that they only serve as a distant reminder of just how good things are now, how thankful he is for peace.
of the killer’s wrist, of the bullet that’s now lodged between John’s fragile, barely breathing ribs.
He gestures to Sherlock’s open robe, clearly the victim of some spilt experiment, and the creased white shirt beneath it that clings to an underfed stomach.
What Sherlock produces in the end is nothing short of the best Christmas dinner John has ever had. They eat until they can’t move, Loki sneaking one of Sherlock’s bacon wrapped sausages from his plate as he pours another glass of fizz for Rosie. She regales them with tales from college, how she painted and then proceeded to lift up the floorboards in the art room, presenting them as her final piece. It was a typically risky move, but she had walked away with top marks and a new respect (and perhaps fear, John thinks) from her tutors.
“I don’t mind it” John settles for, remembering how to speak only when Sherlock moves again, squeezing beside him to rinse the suds from his chest.
Thirty-five minutes passes far too quickly. John’s impressed at his own fitness after months of not taking care of himself, but fairly concerned by the lack of coherent sentences forming in his head. There’s so much he wants to say. Condensing it into a neat package that will get Sherlock to like him again is no easy feat.
And then the touch is gone completely. John reaches a hand between them instead and begins to work his own cock, long sure pulls against Sherlock’s back. He can feel John’s knuckles against his spine, the slickening head bumping against his soaked shirt as John begins to moan. It makes Sherlock’s entire body shake.
What John finds in Sherlock’s eyes, as he finally manages to open them, is indecipherable. They remain that way even as he dances his fingers along Sherlock’s waistband and flicks open the buttons there. John draws him out slowly and spits into his palm. Sherlock’s body shakes as if he’s about to tell him to stop, but he doesn’t. He just looks, watches John as he builds up a steady rhythm, deliberately taking his time.
“Wait, you’re still recovering,” John says, thumb tracing lines at Sherlock’s chin. “I don’t want to hurt you”
“No, just a few pints of blood and my phone, apparently” Sherlock observes, sweeping the room for his belongings.
Maybe Sherlock will move and it will be another moment of intimacy they’ll pretend is normal. Their closeness recently has been like an old worn jacket, comfortable and familiar, and John has been wearing the skin of their friendship like a shield against everything else. That back and forth was incredibly easy to pick up again, lingering ghosts slowly fading like the scars on Sherlock’s cheek from his misplaced anger.
“I’m sorry if I went too far, earlier” John’s tongue follows his words against his own bottom lip, the depths of his eyes betraying the insincerity behind them.
If he could concentrate at all, for just a second, Sherlock could probably read their whole conversation. That accidental touch of a warm mouth against his skin is entirely too distracting though, all senses zeroing in on the slightly chapped yet soft flesh, the tickle of John’s hair at his earlobe.
Then Sherlock holds him. Just there, with one hand to the small of his back and the other weaving through his hair. Moments of insignificant time pass and John tries to think of Mary - reconstructs her face in his mind to force himself to feel guilty, to push Sherlock aside, pull on his shirt and leave. But every time her features sharpen they split and fall apart, so John loses himself in the pores of skin his cheek and nose and mouth are pressed to, breathes them in and feels the tiny hairs of Sherlock’s neck stand on end.
, how can he do that when he’s so torn; when he’s now realised his choice to move on from Sherlock in his absence was not a choice at all, he never made it and never let any part of him go, and now everything he grieved for could be a reality - except there’s a child, he
– and John doesn’t quite know except he doesn’t want to stop, he wants to break Sherlock a bit, have him undone because it might be the only chance he gets.
is on its way; speeding here in the wires of a defibrillator, in the drip of an IV, in the form of all the things that Sherlock cannot provide.
“Brilliant,” Lestrade smiles all the way to his eyes, and Sherlock almost wants to smile back. “He lives to fight another day”
John squeezes his hand, just once, and then moves away. The space around Sherlock is suddenly lacking, desolate like the plains of his mind after the onslaught of sensation. Still rooted to the spot he stays silent, as the other man picks up his mug and goes back to the kitchen, as if nothing has happened. Sherlock hears a rustle of plastic and a metallic twang as John puts bread in the toaster, can do nothing for an entire minute until he builds up enough courage to head to the shower.
The bathroom is steaming up around them. John indulges in the friction for a moment more, then noses Sherlock’s face up, gestures to the hot running water next to them. They climb in, awkwardly. John catches his shin on the side of the tub but it’s just another bruise, another bit of damage they can start to undo now.
John’s not even being dramatic. Well, perhaps a little. It’s been snowing since they got here early this morning, flakes of it already coming down when they were unceremoniously dragged from Baker Street and bundled into one of Mycroft’s cars. The roads will be pretty treacherous now, but surely they have snow ploughs in Chichester, or at least some grit. There must be some way they can get back home, even if it’s by train. John’s certain of it. And if not, he’ll go out there and carve a path back to 221B, one shovel at a time.
Fuck, because somehow those inches have been forgotten and Sherlock is pressing against him, the fine cotton of his shirt sticking to the damp of John’s back. The plane of skin his mouth has been travelling has ended, and once again he's stuck trying to find his reflection in John’s eyes. They are more opaque than ever. He falters, halted by the invisible line between their lips. Once he’s tasted them, there’s no going back to pretending he hasn’t. All pretence and years of friendship will be over.
“John” Sherlock can’t help himself now, sounds embarrassingly hungry in John’s sure grip. “Don’t stop”
“Sherlock – “ John turns his chin to meet the path Sherlock’s lips are making towards his jaw. “I want this”
They head down the stairs, Rosie threatening to cry because she wants her best friend. It’s a little bit heart-breaking, to see her so attached, the shadow of his own dependency reflected on her small pained features. For a moment he’s pissed at Sherlock for leaving without a word, hurting his daughter without a second thought. That unjustified rage isn’t sustainable though, the lie too transparent. John has done this to them. Sherlock isn’t here because John told him not to be, made him think the invisible line between them was solid and unbreakable, not the dissipating cloud of denial it actually is.
Gently Sherlock moves his hand away and he’s empty again, aching and a little sore as he lets go of Sherlock’s coat to pull his trousers back up.
Rough stone threatens holes in the back of his shirt, the cold of it steady and grounding as hands press him back harder.
Sherlock’s parents really are too lovely to be true. At first it had fascinated John that two seemingly ordinary and socially confident people had produced a self-confessed sociopath and whatever the hell Mycroft is. But then the more time he’d spent around them that Christmas all those years ago, the more of Sherlock he’d seen in his father’s soft eyes and mother’s sharp humour. Their nurturing had obviously broken through somewhere along the way, amid heartache and loss.
Oh, God, oh, God. Abort, abort! Sherlock tried to step back but John reached out and caught his arm.
They are getting older but Sherlock is still getting into trouble and John is still getting him out of it.
“Going to meet Eloise Armitage. Would you consider joining me? I would value your opinion. Sending on the address”.
“Sorry, what did you say?” John realised he had missed something important in the ranting, “getting married? Did you just say Mycroft is getting
As he peered at the tiny face, Sherlock was entranced at the purity and vulnerability of this tiny girl. He didn’t need a priest or her parents to give him any title, at that exact moment Sherlock made her a promise in his heart to take care of her and be a friend when the rest of the world failed her.
Then something wonderful happened. John saw him. Really saw him. Like he had from the moment they had met. Seen past the bravado and showmanship to the lonely, insecure man with a brilliant brain that just wanted to help people.
Breathless, John panted, “Fucking hell, you sexy bastard,” and proceeded to pull Sherlock down into a searing, filthy snog that left them both panting. Stepping away, but never breaking eye contact, Sherlock dropped his sheet to the floor. Once again, he took John in his arms, then spread his legs so that his torso slid slowly down John’s chest and belly, revelling in the feel of the smooth fabric and the warm strength of John’s muscles below. He flicked open one, then a second, button on the waistcoat.
“I’ve always wanted to explore it. Only ever been there once and that was to Dublin and all cities are much the same. I always wanted to see the coast, it’s supposed to be beautiful.”
“Hmmm. I had other things on my mind” Sherlock replied, quietly “And I have decided we are to find Lestrade his own John. I find the way his wife treats him entirely tedious. He has been good to me, he deserves better”. The lift doors opened and they stepped in.
"Lestrade must be having the same row over and over with his wife. If only Lestrade had a John. Maybe he should help him find one. Now, that was a challenge Sherlock could enjoy."
John’s heart and dick expanded simultaneously. God, he loves this exquisite, perplexing and infuriating man.
“There’s enough here to feed us for a week,” John laughs, licking syrupy fingers. Sherlock pokes at the french toast before deciding it isn’t sweet enough. Instead, he takes a slice of Mrs. Hudson’s chocolate ganache wedding cake. John decides he must remember to tell her this; that presented with delicacies from an expensive french bakery, Sherlock chose her baking over it all.
He was going to need help, a Consultant, as it were. Definitely, absolutely not Mycroft. What did he know of such things? No, sentiment and feelings were not Mycroft’s purlieu. Plus, Sherlock would never hear the end of it should he admit to such a weakness. Mrs. Hudson? Hmm, possibly. He would come back to that idea. Molly Hooper. Sherlock’s stomach sank. He was not quite sure why but he suspected that consulting Molly on his feelings for John was a bad idea. Lestrade? Good lord, no. Look at the disaster his own feelings for other people had resulted in. Mummy? Sherlock shuddered involuntarily. Dadd….
Sherlock threw himself down on the sofa in frustration. Clearly John was not going to explain his abrupt departure from yesterday’s crime scene or how he knew Mark Wallis. Why would John want to keep this from him? Since when did John have secrets? Maybe it was to do with the man’s work, had John taken out a policy with the company and something had gone wrong? Maybe he had been friends with this man in the past and had let the friendship slide and now was embarrassed considering how it had ended. Maybe he felt guilty about something? Sherlock’s train of thought was disturbed by the trilling of his mobile.
Eloise shifted her attention to Sherlock who was standing at the end of the sofa where she was seated.
He was getting closer! He knew that sound. It was a voice, a familiar voice. Sherlock kept kicking up, reaching out. He became aware of more sounds now, beeping and the soft, comfortable nothingness was being replaced by a brightness, a harshness that made his eyes hurt. Something was urging him on, to keep trying though, even though his body was beginning to ache with the effort. He took another deep breath.
John cut him off mid rant “It’s alright Sherlock, we’re all done here, aren’t we Greg? I am free to go?”
“I want to give you that, if it’s what you want. I know it’s early days yet, and I have no idea how, or where, or even when, but I want you to know - I’m up for that, if it’s what you want.”
Moving his tongue down, he drenched Sherlock’s balls and perineum in saliva, alternating between licking them and sucking the hard dick as deep as he could. Sherlock was pushing his hips up into John’s mouth, gripping at the bedsheets, the buttonhole lost. John moved down and rapidly removed Sherlock’s shoes and trousers. Lifting his legs wide, he sank his mouth down to Sherlock’s arse, nipping at the cheeks then sucking at the delicate inner thigh until he had left his mark.
touching you that it seems old habits die hard”. John opened his eyes and found himself looking at the sharp edges of Sherlock’s collar bone and gave in and licked it. His stomach lurched and he put down the glass and tablets and returned the hug. They stood together just holding one another for a long moment, until John pulled away and swallowed the paracetamol. His leg was still aching.
Mrs. Hudson had met them in the hall, a crying Charlotte still over her shoulder and he could hear her and Greg having a frantic conversation. Sherlock focused, ignoring all the noise and examined the room in front of him. He had only left 86 minutes ago and, on the surface, the room looked the same as it had when he had kissed John on the lips and Charlotte on her sleeping forehead, and left. The sofa, chairs and desk were still all the same. Behind John’s chair Charlotte’s lemon changing table was exactly the same, pockets full of nappies, wipes, creams and clean baby vests. The white Babygro she had slept in was still in a ball at the top of the changing table and the changing bag was in its place on the floor next to it. Charlotte’s pink-lined Moses basket remained on its wooden frame in the middle of the room. The bottle holding the cold dregs of Charlotte’s breakfast was still on the coffee table but was now lying on its side. Sherlock deduced that John must be gone at least an hour as he rarely left the bottles lying around, scrupulously washing them and storing them in the steriliser until it was full and ready to put on.
“I wish to confirm my suspicion that Miss Armitage is a rather good croquet player. There are photos of her in competitive uniform and there was a slight mark on the sideboard to indicate that a trophy has been removed”.
“It’s going to be just fine, Miss. Emelia. John and I are here now and we shall take the very best care of you. I promise”.
“Yeah and you know what he’s like. If I had stayed he would have known all this just by the way I blinked and rubbed my nose or something. I’m not proud of what happened that night but it was just a way of letting off steam really.”
“I need you to hold something that is all.” Sherlock turned to the cupboard where John had stored the fruit he had bought two days previously. Solemnly, he handed John a watermelon.
Sherlock wraps his hands behind John and balls them into fists. It had taken them a while to realise that Sherlock’s finger tips are so sensitive that anything they touch overwhelms the sensations from other parts of the body. John struggled with this fist making initially but was won over when Sherlock spent hours tracing patterns over his body with just his fingertips.
“Indeed. It will be kept in a Neonatal Unit with a specialist Midwife for the first three weeks. These babies are usually born underweight. Once the worst of the withdrawal is over and a healthy weight achieved, then the baby can be released from hospital. However, whoever fosters this child will need to visit the hospital from birth. It’s a big ask John, I know, but the baby will need a lot of care. Have a think about it. Talk to Sherlock. Let me know.”
“Do you really?” Sherlock’s open, anxious expression made Michael think back to that 16 year old he had first met so long ago. In a lot of ways, Sherlock was still that teenager; stroppy, moody and rude. While he may be physically experienced in sex, Michael hoped he wasn’t about to get his heart broken for the first time.
“Well one never fully recovers from a bomb blast of course, especially when you were as close to it as I was, but it’s not too bad. How’s the leg?”
Lifting her hand to stroke her son’s cheek and then patting his chest Mummy ignores the condescension. She has had a lot of practise.
John was far too hungover to be able to pursue this much further, although it was obvious even to him that there was something very wrong with the incommunicative Sherlock. He closed his eyes, wondering if he would be better off going back to bed. He was surprised when Sherlock spoke:
The smells wafting from the box suggest Mycroft has sent breakfast. Carrying it back upstairs, John realises one half is warm on his hand and the other cool. As he sets it down on the kitchen table, he shouts for Sherlock. Putting on the kettle, they open the box together only to find it filled with lots of smaller polystyrene and cardboard boxes. Not bothering to wait for Sherlock to start deducing, John systematically opens all the boxes left to right and practically swoons. Mycroft has sent every conceivable breakfast delight; warm french toast dusted with icing sugar, a fresh omelet fragrant with cheese, crisp bacon, waffles with a tiny portion of maple syrup on the side, a selection of miniature danish pastries, still warm, and a portion of fresh fruit salad. In the very last box are slices of both layers of their wedding cake.
“Jealous that Mycroft has someone to love him back at last and someone else to think about other than you, you sanctimonious, patronising hypocrite”. Sherlock lowered his head suddenly, the truth of what John was saying hitting him with force. Of course John was right, he was jealous and had snatched that microphone and made the announcement out of spite. He was suddenly ashamed.
John left the stage to more thunderous applause. At the request of a bank of photographers he stood and posed, smiling and holding up the key. Slowly, every one turned back to their tables, drinking and laughing. Needing a moment to himself, John whispered to Eva and headed to the bathrooms.
Unselfconsciously John put his hand on his own naked backside and rubbed. He had a bit of an ache down his right leg this morning and it seemed to particularly pinch in his buttock. Sciatic nerve pain, he self-diagnosed, the result of unusual physical activity and not getting any bloody younger. A paracetamol would solve the problem and maybe a few stretches. He left the sink where he had been washing up the breakfast dishes and headed up to his bedroom to find his medical bag.
“Still alive. The G.P. gave him an intravenous dose of antibiotics on arrival and called an air ambulance. Saved his life. The child’s heart stopped on route but was revived. He is not out of danger yet and only time will tell what damage has been done but at least he has pulled through.”
“Well, yes, we discussed it. My younger brother and I had sat up late one night hashing it out. He convinced me things were never going to change unless I pushed Mark. He said I had to get him to make a decision or get out. To be honest, I thought it was going to force his hand, get him to realise I wasn’t going to wait forever. I was rather shocked when he agreed that it was probably better we break up and by then I had to agree. It had been my idea after all”.
Sherlock Holmes was entirely used to being called someone’s ‘love’. It was a common enough occurrence when you lived in London:
“How does this work, then? How can we...I.. shit.” John takes a deep breath and tries a different tack.
In response, John slides his hands inside the back of Sherlock’s trousers. He pauses for a second.“Hnnnng! You aren’t wearing any underwear!”
Stretched out on the sofa, fingers steepled under his chin, Sherlock considered all the information he had gathered so far for this case. He reviewed the layout of the flat, what he knew about the popular man and the wound to his head. Several things were bothering him; the scuff on the man’s brand new left shoe, the mobile phone being under the bed, the lack of signs of anyone else in the flat, the drugs and now a heart broken ex-girlfriend. Oh, and John. His John. What did he have to do with all this?
They attended training courses and met other foster carers. John, in particular, found some of the stories they heard rather sobering but rather than put him off, it just reinforced his quiet determination to be amongst those who helped.
Then all they could do was wait. Later, John would remember it as the longest forty eight hours of his life. He held Emelia on his lap all day until Sherlock gently prised her away so he could go to the bathroom. The three of them snuggled up on the sofa under a blanket, the men trying to distract themselves with silly Sunday movies. Every half an hour, John would check Emelia for the tell-tale sign of the distinctive rash, lethargy or an increase in temperature. In turn, Sherlock would check John for any signs of the rash. John felt fine but monitored his own temperature just in case.
The simple wooden coffin was topped with two flower tributes, but many more were lined up outside the church waiting to be placed at the graveside. Every pew was packed with mourners and a few were weeping gently. Each tribute paid was more glowing the last and outside in the graveyard everyone had a murmured memory or favourite story to share. Mark Willis had indeed been a very popular man. Sherlock and John were glad to have played a role in finding his killer.
John’s family are represented by Harry alone. It has been agreed that there will be no ‘sides’ to the layout of the library but that the small group will all sit together at the front. Mrs. Hudson takes her place between Mummy Holmes and Greg Lestrade and is surprised when Mummy takes her hand and gives it a small squeeze. Originally anticipating a small power struggle over wedding plans, Martha is delighted to have, instead, made a new friend. The two women have met a number of times over tea to discuss their outfits and other arrangements. They are even going to see ‘Wicked!” in the West End in a couple of weeks. She squeezes the hand back.
“Mark Willis was lured out to the balcony by a phone call from his killer. They spoke briefly, long enough for Willis to drink his whiskey. Ending the conversation, he was stood just here at the entrance, still looking outside when he was hit on the side of the head by a hockey ball, hit with great force from that roof top. Willis died immediately and fell back, the phone being thrown underneath the bed from his right hand hand and the glass thrown over his head from the left hand, coming to rest below the chest of drawers. As he fell, his left shoe caught on the already closing balcony door and gave it just enough of a push that it clicked shut, locking automatically as it closed. I was unsure if the ball had rolled into the flat or back down over the balcony”
With extreme effort and self-control, John stopped the screaming in his head from coming out of his mouth “No. You don’t get to choose that. You gave up that right, remember?” His voice was quiet so as not to wake Charlotte but steely grey with fury. For the first time Mary looked up at him.
John gaped “Really? I thought you would, I mean, perhaps you might think, or that… Really, Sherlock? Have you actually thought this through?”
Sherlock and John finally get to eat their healthy dinner, there is a problem with a melon and an apricot makes a special guest appearance.
She fusses around the room, opening the curtains and fluffing cushions that don’t need fluffing. Sherlock knows she is building up to something.
“He first heard the story from a man he met on a dig in Co. Clare back in 1971. The story goes that in 1929 a Ballintoohin man by the name of James Murphy was turning turf in the bog.” Eoin frowns. “Sorry, do you know what I mean by bog? It’s a natural resource we have used in Ireland as an energy source for millennia. They are great swathes of compacted vegetation in bands across the country, the remnants of ancient forests. Every summer, people slice the top layer, cut it into log-type pieces, dry it and burn it in open fires. That’s what we call turf. The bog has a very low level of oxygen and, as a result, it acts as an amazing preservative. We have found whole human bodies, perfectly intact, over a thousand years old buried in the bog. So -”
Sherlock zoned out again. His looked at John, at his left hand resting on his own thigh. Sherlock thought about that hand, holding it in the cab while John’s voice had filled his head with those intriguing images. Getting out of the cab, John had rested it very lightly on the small of his back, just for a moment. Then, as they had been coming up in the lift, the same hand had again been at the small of his back until it drifted down and lightly held Sherlock’s buttock, just for a moment. Sherlock had been a bit surprised but it had been lovely. He wondered should he be returning these small gestures.
Greg laughed, “Jesus John, you of all people should know how dangerous any point of weakness can be to a Holmes. If you think Sherlock’s got enemies, you should see all the people Croftie has pissed off over the years. If they knew about me, well, that could be game over for either of us. It’s not ideal, but I knew what I was getting into. We shall have to maintain separate houses but we’ll make it work, we’ve managed for two years and done so under the nose of the world’s greatest consulting detective. Bet he’s mad, isn’t he?”
“Good. That is… I’m here to collect John’s suit.” he tucked his hands behind his back and rocked slightly on his heels.
A second and third finger opens Sherlock up for John but he takes great care to avoid Sherlock’s prostate. With his other hand, he swipes lube onto his own aching cock. Without any hesitation, he thrusts all the way into Sherlock in one smooth movement, fingertips gripping Sherlock’s hips tightly and pulling him back onto John.
Lathering up his shaving foam, Sherlock concentrates on carefully smoothing it on his chapped cheeks. ‘How dare you throw away the beautiful gifts you were born with’ Molly had demanded. What gifts, exactly was Molly referring to? His intelligence, memory, puzzle solving? Were they really gifts? Was he wrong to numb himself, make himself forget?
They were dropped to a side door, held open for them by a waiting footman who ushered them into a small hall and then up a narrow flight of stairs. It was all plain and very much ‘below stairs’. At the top of the stairs, the footman opened a door and they stepped into a long hallway, lavishly decorated with gilt door frames, rich claret carpet and a row of crystal chandeliers. At the end of the hallway to their right was a floor to ceiling window. Beneath it, stood a figure.
“Occasionally, but only at a very long distance. Some code breaking, that kind of thing. I had to keep my boys all safe”. Sherlock studies her face intently, seeing that this is mostly, but not entirely, the truth.
“Sher-” he panted. “I just. Before we go any further. I- Oh, fuck!” Sherlock had rolled his hips gently, introducing much needed friction. “What I’m trying to say, is, is… this is not just sex, for me. It's much more, and I really hope-”
“I hurt you John. Again. You didn’t want me to come to the hospital with you, didn’t call and you didn’t answer my texts. Who could blame you for not wanting me?”
Sherlock, of course, was exquisite in his black tie and tails. John felt very out of place and uncomfortable, especially in the building heat, but Sherlock was his usual fluid, unruffled self. John glanced once more to his right, to see if the woman in the claret dress was still looking at Sherlock. She was sat at a table, next to a man in white tails and was watching Sherlock from under her eyelashes. Like John, she had been marking his progress across the room. As Sherlock veered off towards the windows, she stood, her dark hair falling in waves down her back, the tiara sparking and glittering as she leaned into her companion and spoke into his ear. With that, she began to follow Sherlock.
The first two times his mobile rang, John missed it. In fairness, he was using a hand-held blender at the time, pureeing organic porridge made with baby formula. Today was a big day in the Holmes-Watson household as Emilia was now six months old and today was her first attempt at solid food.
John walked over to him and took Sherlock in his arms. “We will take things as slowly as you want. I am simply delighted just to be able to do this, to hold you.” Smiling up at Sherlock, he slid his hand to the back of Sherlock’s neck and drew him down. At the exact moment their lips met, Sherlock’s phone rang.
“I know it was you that killed Mark Willis and attacked Jade Elliot but why your sister? Why revenge her rejection by Willis and her replacement with Elliot by threatening her?”
“Yes, but nothing we can’t make right. I may need to make a call to Mycroft, however, and you know how I feel about that”.
It was nearly six months later that John ran into Sue again. He and Sherlock were leaving Court Room number five, having given evidence in the trial of a man who had steadily poisoned his boss in order to swindle his business from under him while the man was sick. Sherlock has identified both the motive and poison and there had been a short chase through the stalls of Camden Market before John had tackled the man and brought him to the ground. Sue, on the other hand was again leaving the Children’s Court. She was standing in the queue for coffee when John spotted her.
Cornering at the summer house they accelerated out over the lawn in pursuit of nefarious pirates, sword at the ready, battle cries filling the air. The fleet-footed Redbeard reached the battle ground first, woofing encouragement to his disadvantaged Captain on two legs. The trees were sliced and thrust into as the hoard of pirates were attacked, the battle won and the day saved.
Sherlock is back home and John is treating him with kid gloves but Sherlock needs to remind them who they really are.
Sherlock sprawled in his favourite spot, pulling John down on top of him. Now aligned more equally, John frotted once, twice, against Sherlock’s cock, bending low to kiss and nip his way up Sherlock’s neck. It occurred to Sherlock that a lot had changed in the 24 hours since he had last lain on this sofa, pining, for that was undoubtedly what he had been doing, for John.
They stepped through the wooden church door together, holding hands for support. It was the first time John had been inside a church in a long time and was even longer for Sherlock. They sat quietly on the back pew until an elderly gentleman spotted them and came to insist they sat at the front with a gentle “It’s where you belong”. Sherlock was reluctant; he hated funerals and had not wanted to come, conceding only because of the family’s insistence. John gently pulled his hand and held on tight throughout the ceremony.
John’s gaze dragged down the pale, narrow body supplicated before him. He reached out a hand and stroked Sherlock’s chest, trailed his fingers over his ribs and down his arms. He thought of what they had been though, the weeks of worry while Sherlock remained in a coma, the fear he would never wake up, then when he did, that he may never walk. John’s hands trailed down to Sherlock’s sharp hip bones and he remembered the fear he had felt and then it came, surging through his veins, the anger at what had been done to them all. He leaned down and bit gently at the long neck stretched out for him and pulled Sherlock’s face towards him, kissing fiercely, hungrily.
For the two prompts Wedding/Family Gathering and Siblings, which is why this is a bit longer than usual.
The nature of a daily prompt challenge means that these works are un-betaed, written and posted quickly. If you spot spelling/typos/tense errors, please feel free to let me know. Thanks.
Sherlock had known Michael Lindon since he was 16 and Michael 14. Lindons had been the family tailor for 3 generations and had also been an official outfitter for his boarding school. Dragged along to give his father a second opinion once Mycroft was busy working, Sherlock had been surprised, and a bit alarmed, to find a blond boy sat on top of one of the pristine wooden and glass countertops. Introduced as nephew to the owner, Michael grinned and declared himself heir to the business. As Daddy was measured and spent ages picking fabrics, the two young men discussed their futures; one on course to be a research chemist and the other already dreaming of designing suits that young men would want to wear, slim fitting with interesting colour combinations. Each time Sherlock visited, Michael would take measurements and draw designs just for him. Sherlock never asked aloud where Michael thought he would wear these beautiful suits - he fully intended to be hiding in a lab his whole life.
Sherlock sighed. This is interminable. I may perish before we leave this room. He glanced around himself and calculated all the ways he could kill himself just with the contents of the office. He simultaneously watched Lestrade as he laboriously recorded all the details John was listing. Not enough sleep, a bad shave and crumpled shirt, he deduced. Slept on the sofa again and left home before having a wash. Shaved with an electric razor. Sherlock bent down and looked at the floor behind Lestrade’s desk. Shaved here in his office, in fact. Another row with his wife, wanted to avoid seeing her again this morning, he concluded. He gave Lestrade a pitying look. Why didn’t he just leave the woman, he wondered, yet again. He was bored asking himself that question, he couldn’t imagine how bored Lestrade must be having the same row over and over with his wife. If only Lestrade had a John. Maybe he should help him find one. Now, that was a challenge Sherlock could enjoy.
Sherlock stood and looked. The dirty window threw back his own reflection as Billy held him, his crumpled suit and two days of unshaven growth on his face. Through the window he could see John pointing his gun straight at Mary, and hers back at John. The reflection of his own face hovered above the two outstretched arms.
Sherlock had looked at the baby, John’s baby, so delicate and untainted and known he had to protect her. He also knew that the child’s mother was her single greatest danger. John had railed at the news and “yet again, more
Slumping to the grass, panting, Sherlock lay his head on his dog’s heaving flank, staring at the clouded sky and listening carefully for new incursions. Satisfied that none were coming, he turned onto his belly to bury his face in the luxurious, warm fur of his best friend, rubbing his ears and praising him for his courage in battle.
“You are stunning in that suit. I could have dragged you into the nearest cleaning cupboard when I first saw you.” John’s hands stroke over the warm planes of Sherlock’s chest and trace his collarbones before moving down to undo his trousers. “I was watching your arse in these every time you turned round. Did you have them tailored for just the perfect amount of tension?”
“Well. I think you may have got the wrong end of the stick, so to speak. I wasn’t being sarcastic when I said I love your penis. Far from it, when have I ever given you the impression that it is anything but perfect?”
“Oh Sherlock, I’m close, Oh I want to kiss you, please!” John begged plaintively. Instead, Sherlock suddenly removed his hand and, with a bit more persuasion this time, moved the panting John over onto his back.
man fell in love with you all over again. It has always been you. Only ever you. That’s why I want us to get married. So that if anything should ever happen to me, you will know, the world will know, that we are everything to each other.”
Mrs. Hudson hadn’t needed to ring them both because Lestrade was standing next to Sherlock when he took her worried call. They had been side by side examining the body of a smartly dressed middle-aged man found shot between the eyes and lying in the middle of the enclosed private garden of Eaton Square in Belgravia. Sherlock had relayed the details to Lestrade in two words “John’s gone” and the pair had lunged into a marked police car with Lestrade driving, the sirens shrieking. Careering to a halt outside 221b, Sherlock had charged up the stairs two at a time but come to an abrupt halt in the doorway of their flat.
John ran his hands down the back of Sherlock’s legs and grabbed the backs of his thighs hard, pulling the
“May I be the first to congratulate you on your upcoming happy event? Maybe you should have taken the hint the first time we met, John. It would have saved us all a considerable amount of trouble.”
Sherlock ended the call, scowling. He handed the now peaceful Charlotte to Mrs. Hudson “Bring her with you please Mrs. Hudson. Have you nappies and formula?”
“Of course, text her there. Ask Greg to bring some tea bags”. After the first week, John had brought mugs and a kettle to the hospital room, because the hospital tea was going to kill him faster than anything else. “Got much homework love?”
A very small, shiny nose peeped out from the desk and, with great care, John stretched out, fingers reaching warm soft fur. Sliding his hand under a tiny, furry belly, he scooped up a white and tan Jack Russell puppy and brought it to his chest, stroking ears and whispering comforting nonsense. As the pup nestled into the warmth of his bare chest, John glanced over at Sherlock, who now sported a glower and a very prominent bottom lip.
“Lovely to meet you John, after all our chats on the phone. Enjoy your trip.” John smiles at him, taken aback at the way the man has held onto his hand so long.
As soon as Mary had relayed her idea to Commander Holmes, two units of the SAS plus the field team of Flower Garland were dispatched to Tower Bridge, travelling by speed boat up the River Thames as the fastest form of transport in the congested city.
The next morning, they were awoken by Mrs. Hudson. A Public Health Nurse was calling to every family who had used the crèche.
“Yeah, I know it’s shit but at least it’s wet. Drink the tea. Now, Dr. Watson, are you ready to answer a few questions?”
Charlotte cried. It started as a tentative ‘wah’ followed by a deep breath in. She was undecided if she was going to do it again. She was scared and there were big noises, everywhere. Suddenly Charlotte decided she was
“Thank you. We are using Watson-Holmes, “ Sherlock answers, observing John’s surprise. He glances around the room, maps and notes pinned to the walls, desk piled high with papers, a book shelf in the corner overflowing with texts. A glass-topped cabinet sits against the wall opposite the fireplace, furthest away from the enormous paned window. “May I?” he asks, gesturing to to the cabinet and goes over to look before Fitzgerald even answers him.
The rainy days were the worst for John, and there was no shortage of them in London. The pain began when the low pressure system moved in from the west and the dull ache in his shoulder would start before the rain actually fell. Most days John’s injury gave him very little trouble, a tightness when turning suddenly or an occasional twinge if he pulled it past its limits. Rain, however, resulted in a dull persistent ache that started in the shoulder and moved down to the elbow, spreading down his shoulder blade. When the rain persisted for days at a time, the ache would intensify and reach down past John’s wrist and into his hand.
“Suck it” demanded John and Sherlock fell to his knees, taking John completely in his mouth as John wrapped his hands in the black curls and slid himself in and out of the luscious warmth.
Mycroft poured himself a cup of tea and sipped it, “I am afraid I am not at liberty to explain more, much to Sherlock’s disgust, but that is the situation.” He drained his cup, collected his coat and umbrella, “Sherlock do stop sulking. It is for the best this way. I very much hope to see you tomorrow. Good day.”
A moment later he is slowly pushing into Sherlock, the heat and tightness surrounding him an immense relief to his aching cock and balls. He holds Sherlock hard by the hips, fingers digging in and pulling Sherlock onto him, thrusting hard. Sherlock lifts his hips, pushing back onto John, his head twisting left and right, eyes screwed tight, mouth open, curls falling over his eyes. John ploughs into him, hard and deep, his own orgasm building fast. He has his own eyes wide open as he takes in every detail of his beautiful husband;  flushed, muscles flexing under his skin, hands pushed up to the headboard.
Sherlock considered for moment. He recalled doing a lot of reading but more, a lot of conversations with his mother over the kitchen table and just here on this very spot.
John just nodded and sat, trying very hard not be overwhelmed and failing miserably. Sherlock had just sat on his other side and was squeezing his hand when the door behind them opened again.
“Agreed, I’m off to have a shower. I’ll be ready in twenty minutes” He was sure the warm water would help ease the ache.
“Ignore it, John” Sherlock urged but the phone kept ringing. John rested his head on Sherlock’s chest in defeat. “Go, on answer it. It might be important”.
“No.” As soon as he has said it, Sherlock knows John will take his response the wrong way. He attempts to clarify, for himself as much as John.
“No, John. I’m not stupid. I know that will never happen now. But if I can’t have you, I’m damn sure
Bursting through the living room door, golf club held over his head, John found Sherlock on the sofa. He had his hands over his ears and was rocking gently to and fro.
“Even after she shot me.” This too has been covered, explanations offered breathlessly as they clung to each other that first time. John knows they are getting close now to the heart of the matter.
Sherlock turned and met the shopkeeper’s eyes. The man straightened up, blinked his blue eyes twice in rapid succession and, in English, whispered:
John considered this. If he was honest with himself, really honest, he knew this was much more than a phase, that it would not have passed, only intensified. That was the real truth, his desire for Sherlock would have burned him up alive from the inside if he had not voiced it, given it at least a chance to be real.
Deciding to steady his nerves, John progressed to the bar, keeping his head down and close to the wall, smiling an occasional hello to a familiar face but tucking himself on a stool behind a pillar. He ordered a double scotch with ice and forced himself to look around at the other people filling the large conference room.
Just over an hour and a half later a desperate, sweating Sherlock burst in the flat door eyes flicking from side to side searching out his dealer. He had badly misjudged it, gone too far away and stayed too long. John had been sat in his chair browsing on his phone but had leapt up alarmed, certain Sherlock was hurt, being chased or even both.
Sherlock’s eyes cloud over for a moment. John carries on with his exploratory stroking, index finger tracing Sherlock’s jawline, cheekbones, eye sockets. Sherlock closes his eyes and relaxes into his touch, trying to decide whether he should say something or not. Too often he opens his mouth and makes things worse, far worse. Was this going to be one of those occasions? Would John be angry that he had lied to him? More to the point, how angry would John be?
“Hi Papa” she chirped. She brushed the grey curls back off Sherlock’s forehead and picked up his hand from on top of the bed sheets. She kissed that too before falling back into a grey plastic chair.
Shoulder-length dark red hair falls over his face before Eoin pushes it back again. John had been expecting some fusty old man in his seventies, not this freckled, smooth-skinned man, taller even than Sherlock..
A considerable amount of kissing later and John was getting hungry. Sherlock had cheered up enormously and decided that he needed tea and to look after his John. He offered to make a sandwich and went into the kitchen, John hovering in the door way, slightly cautious about what Sherlock might deem suitable as a sandwich filling.
The kiss reminds John of their first genuine kiss; soft, sweet and careful. Unlike that first time, no one pulls away, embarrassed and ready to run. This kiss soon becomes something much more insistent and demanding, John running his hands under Sherlock’s dressing gown, smoothing over his t-shirt and resting on his hips. Sherlock groans into John’s mouth, dropping his own hands over John’s thighs and cupping his arse to pull him inexorably closer. Kissing, sucking and mouthing over John’s jaw line until he reaches his ear. Sherlock leans in and breathes:
“Had to. I needed to disappear, things had got rather fraught. So your father and I married and I became the person you know, a mother, wife, mathematician”.
Then there was Greg. John stood from his bar stool for the first time and enfolded the man, finally glad to see an old friend in the melee. Greg leaned in and whispered “I didn’t know he was going to be here either, thought he was still in France. I would have warned you”. Greg kissed the beautiful young woman’s cheek “Hello my darling” and returned to John’s side.
good with teeth. You have a faint swelling in your jaw that indicates a mild infection as the result of at least two cavities. You really should get that looked at.”
John leaned into Sherlock’s arms, rubbed the lather from his own chest onto Sherlock’s and kissed him, gently, teasingly until Sherlock was as hard as he was. One hand bracing himself against the tiles, he wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s wet cock and stroked slowly. Sherlock groaned and copied the idea, pulling John close to him with his free arm and leaning his head into his shoulder, nibbling and kissing. Sherlock came first, throwing his head back, the shower water cascading down his neck and chest as he shouted. John came quickly after him, holding on tightly, burying his face in that beautiful chest. No one mentioned Mycroft for quite a while.
On a cool day in February, John brought his daughter to the appointment with the Ear, Nose and Throat Specialist and a miracle occurred. As John was introducing them, the doctor was looking in his toddler’s throat. John was interrupted by the Consultant,
“Please tell me we can do something about these?” John pleaded. “Please tell me I’m not misunderstanding here.”
Sherlock had vomited. Everyone working the case had been shocked; human murders excited him but this was what upset him? John hadn't been a bit surprised, and when Sherlock had insisted they keep one of the numerous puppies now in need of rehoming, John hadn't the heart to argue. Clearly this meant a huge amount to his flatmate.
“He rang about five minutes ago. He’s gone to the station. Seems he’s taken in your Dr. Watson for questioning”.
In the cab on the way home from Barts, Sherlock called Lestrade looking for any new information. Lestrade had been to see the victim’s girlfriend, 24 year old Jade Elliot, an actuary with the insurance firm Willis worked at. Like Willis, Lestrade described her as smartly dressed in a skirt and jacket with high heels and carefully styled hair. Obviously, LifeTime Insurance expected a certain look for their employees.
“Sherlock, why are you-?” John presses firmly on Sherlock’s ribcage nearest to him and rolls him over.
“It was not just the pub, it was our work colleague, Lestrade and I,” Sherlock was shouting now, “am not
Once back inside the flat, coats removed, mallet left carefully on the kitchen table and kettle boiling, John turned to Sherlock.
Sherlock didn’t have to wait for the stranger sprawled out in front of him to answer his question. A thin cry came from behind him and Sherlock spun around to find Charlotte, but there was no sign of her. She cried again, louder and more insistent this time and Sherlock realised the sound was coming from inside a zipped-up navy blue duffle bag lying on the ground just inside the front door. Clearly he had got these just in time.
Inside, Mycroft looked up from his exam revision to see his little brother, eyes wide in alarm, gasping. Felicia, Mycroft’s black and white cat was stretched beside him on the bench, half covering his military history text book, paws delicately crossed over a picture of Winston Churchill. When Mycroft stretched out his arms to his little brother, the cat yawned, stood up and relocated herself on a cushion further down the bench, eyeing Redbeard.
“My name is Doctor Steven Strange. I was told by the Ancient One to come and find you, that we are the same you and I. I didn’t expect the sameness to be quite so literal”.
“Thank you, all very much. I appreciate you all being here, your kind words and this gift, but I need to make one thing very clear. I am no hero. I did what any one of you would have done if you had been in that situation. It just happened to be me that was there.” John’s eyes searched the crowd “Many years ago, a better man than me gave up his life so that I could be safe. As some of you know, it turned out to be a more complicated than that, but I decided a long time ago that I would live my life to deserve that sacrifice”.
“In Ireland, it’s called Irish. Gaelic is a collection of dialects that includes Scots Gaelic and Manx as spoken on the Isle of Man. It is also… a bit tricky.”
Between hushed giggles and heads still shaking in disbelief, they strip each other’s clothes and fall onto the bed. The laughter subsides, replaced with sudden, demanding need. Wrapping around each other, each trying to get closer to the other, more enveloped, they kiss and thrust and stroke. Soon, John is reaching for the lube.
Sherlock opened his eyes. It was pitch black in the flat. He must have been lying on the sofa for hours. He began to sit up to find his phone. It was only then that he realised his stomach and clothes were covered in come. He raised his eyebrows at himself. Spanking indeed, that was new. I must tell John about that.
Love. Maybe he should just get it over and done with and tell John the truth. Better to end things now before he gets used to this touch, these beautiful words. John has every right to be angry. Sherlock has manipulated him. He opens his eyes.
“Now it is time for you to exchange your vows. I understand you have each prepared something you would like to say? John, would you go first please?”
Oh that coffee is good! Should I eat? When did I last eat? There was the bread at breakfast, was that today? No, that was yesterday. They have pastries on the menu, I’ll have a pastry. Or maybe two. Could be a while before I eat next.
“You had to know, you must have seen it, how could you not know? You selfish, self-obsessed bitch!” Evan was waving the metal trophy threateningly at his sister.
He was sorely disappointed then when they arrived home and John made himself a cheese sandwich, a cup of tea and went up to his room for the rest of the evening.
John awoke with the light shining on his face and sat up in a panic, realising it was the morning and he had slept for at least six glorious, uninterrupted hours. He anxiously looked into the Moses basket at the end of the bed only to see that Emilia was still sleeping soundly, her tiny fists lying on either side of her head, her breath escaping in delicate puffs. He felt wonderful, like he had slept for days.
“Jesus Christ, Sherlock. Have you any idea just how fucking sexy you are? No seriously, have you even the slightest understanding?”
“Where was I? Oh, yes, James Murphy and his bog. So, there was James, digging his turf in the patch of bog his family has owned for generations, and he digs up a cloth bag, tied at the top. It’s heavy and takes a bit of effort for him to free it completely from the ground. When he eventually does and opens it up to take a look, to his amazement inside are a number of large metal objects and at least a hundred coins. As far as James can tell, they are all made of gold. James is delighted; he’s a farmer with a large family and thinks this will make him rich.”
John had spent long hours designing the dinner menu, to be served in the marquee. Champagne cocktails were served, followed by a selection of tasty morsels to tempt his new husband’s fussy palette. All the guests sat together around one large table, a pianist playing gently in the background and fairly lights lighting the marquee as the sun set in pinks and mauves over the Holmes’ garden.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “If one were to do such a thing, where would we even go? Where could I bring him? We already live together, eat out together, work together.”
Sherlock was still sat on the sofa, mouth agape watching John’s back disappear out the door when his phone began to trill and vibrate on the table. He considered not answering it, following after John but it was Lestrade and frankly, he was happy for the distraction.
As command centres went, Mary felt this one was a bit disappointing. The older women had left the grey room only to be replaced by two silent young men who presented her with a lap top, a mobile comms unit head set, paper and pencil and most surprisingly of all, a bacon sandwich and tea which she all but inhaled with hunger. She began by opening up the sophisticated mapping software and looking for Gainsford Street, Mycroft’s last known location then marking the last known locations of the other three men. She was interrupted by Violets Holmes’ voice in the headset:
Sherlock threw his head back in silent supplication pushing back onto John’s dick and was rewarded by John holding him tightly under the thighs and fucking into him, hard and fast. He pushed one leg back towards Sherlock and leaned in to take his husband’s swollen leaking cock in his hand, pumping it in time to his own fucking. Sherlock growled and fought to keep his position, unable to move for fear of unseating John. He opened his eyes and fixed John with a heavy lidded look.
“Well that will make a nice change” dripped John sarcastically and he pulled Sherlock to his feet. Pulling off the suit jacket, he looked at Sherlock for a moment, standing back and taking in the heaving chest, straining erection and lidded eyes. Leaning in, he grabbed the two sides of the dark blue silk shirt and yanked them apart, buttons flying in all directions and bit Sherlock’s nipples one at a time.
John reaches behind and clasps Sherlock’s arse, kneading and pulling him even closer. Sherlock arches his back in delight at the firmness, a silent cry in his throat, as John reaches up to bite and nip at his neck. A word plays on a loop in Sherlock's head; yours, yours, yours.
John slides his hands under Sherlock’s arse, gives it a squeeze and twists his hips to turn Sherlock over, so that his weight is resting on his forearms, arse high in the air. John slicks himself with lube and leans forward, sliding into Sherlock in a single, firm thrust.
For the next three hours, Sherlock alternated between pacing restlessly hoping for word from John and trying his best to concentrate and retreat to his Mind Palace where he had recreated Willis’ flat. He circled the body, examining it again. He inspected the bedroom and the rest of the flat. He was particularly concerned with finding the cause of the deep scuff on Willis’s left shoe and reviewed the knives he had seen in the kitchen attached to a wall-mounted magnetic strip. How or why the shoe would have been cut eluded Sherlock, his only theory being that Willis had somehow dropped a knife and it had bounced off the shoe. He would have to revisit in reality to compare the cuts they might make in leather.
John hovers at the threshold. The light feels strange and too bright suddenly, exposing the wrinkles on his face and the doubt there too.
Sherlock’s body is barely visible in the new darkness, but soon John’s eyes begin to focus enough in the shadow to pick out little details. The bridge of his nose is there, catching the dull light from the half moon outside, the edge of his jaw becoming clearer the more John looks. Sherlock’s chest is perhaps a stretch of arm away, close enough that he could reach out deft fingers and undo another button if he so wanted.
There’s that smear of mud or soot or something not good, again, on Sherlock’s skin. John wants to try and erase it but he can’t, gets distracted by the temptation of Sherlock’s jaw, so close, sharp and rough beneath his lips as he mouths it. Can smell the day on them both, more pungent than before now they’re hot and pressed together and constantly vibrating.
Sleeping Sherlock is fighting demons now, ghosts that want to take John and hide him somewhere unknown, somewhere unreal; there are no clues so it’s unfair, Sherlock is blind and there’s no science, and none of John’s brightness to guide him.
It’s okay though because his friend is alive, and not completely whole but mending, slowly; the body Sherlock is sleeping in knows it, can distantly smell the unique disinfectant that only hospitals seem to have, can hear the soft breathing of John’s abused lungs close to his ear, muffled by the oxygen mask shielding his mouth.
The passing of minutes and hours is something Sherlock is now apt at counting. In Moscow, he’d learned the art of marking precise measurements of time, plotting his escape from the underbelly of an experimental bio lab by recording the movements of the security detail. Exactly three minutes and twelve seconds pass before John wakes again, the panic rapidly rising in Sherlock’s gut quelled by eyes slowly blinking open.
“You can lip read better than me,” John confesses. “I’ll – you know, and you see if you can work out what they’re saying?”
Just as he’s about to venture into the fridge, Sherlock notices a soft beam of light coming from under the bathroom door. It flickers, unmistakably candlelight.
Seven of the longest seconds John has ever counted go by before Sherlock looks at him again. Does not break eye contact as he touches him, turns and pushes John by the hips until his back hits freezing tile.
“You need more pain relief” John comments, slipping off the bed and out of the door before Sherlock has chance to protest.
“I really hope those security cameras don’t actually feed to Downing Street” John says absentmindedly, noticing a small blinking light in the corner of the ceiling.
“Where is he?” Mycroft asks, eyes darting from the two of them to the cuffs on the wall, and the missing pillowcase.
But Sherlock already knows that, and John must realise it too, now staring at his own treacherous hand. Those fingers stay there though, just holding Sherlock in place as he searches John’s eyes for whatever comes next.
fault that now he lives with two psychopaths and one of them actually owns a gun? Also what can he possibly come up with, now, to explain his current position in the kitchen of 221B (a kitchen that is no longer his and no more houses his best mug or his secret stash of sugar or his snarky notes taped to the fridge) what in god’s name can he say when really he has no idea if he wants to scream at Sherlock or Mary or himself?
“You can’t be serious, John” Sherlock snaps, as John opens his mouth to suggest the gigantic mass of needles to his left.
Not too far away John can hear voices, families and friends emerging from the warmth of the building behind them. Sherlock suddenly squeezes John’s shoulder enough to hurt, he winces with the pressure of it but does not let up his pace, the movement of his hand fast and slick along Sherlock’s length. Fingers pull his chin up and Sherlock meets his gaze –
It’s not quite morning, but some indistinct place; John’s shirt still smells almost-deceased, the duct tape residue tacky-sticky on the buttons when he presses his fingers to them. There’s still a decidedly elastic air thrumming between them. Sharing a cab back to Baker Street as per usual after a crime scene has done nothing to improve the mood, or the normality. Maybe because John’s limbs echo with the shakes, and Sherlock’s left thigh is pressed stone close to his own in the back of the cab, unmoving - but more probably, it’s because this time they actually
“Yeah, completely dead” John replies, in answer to Sherlock’s questioning eyebrow. “Not even sure it has a torch function, to be honest”
Not only did he not care that John so ardently wiped out the line they’ve kept between themselves, but he wanted more. Wants more, now, while John is still willing to offer it. And he is, the desire in his steady gaze is formidable, whether the man realises it or not.
Fingers closing over his own pull Sherlock from his thoughts. With his heart hammering he watches John thread their fingers together atop his own leg, the joining of their hands familiar yet completely different to any time before. This is with intention, with promise, not just a necessary contact but a desired one.
The plush sheets are soft against the back of Sherlock’s head, twisting a little as he arches up into John’s poised body. He tries to reply
They’ve made it to the back of some door and John’s never done this before, not even once in the stereotypical loneliness of soldier dorms, and fuck it’s very different - very new and yet so very familiar because it’s Sherlock. Sherlock whose hand he’s taken and pulse he’s touched and body he’s pressed against many times before; who he knows now is undeniably his and his alone, and who John wishes more than anything he could give himself to entirely in return.
exactly didn’t Sherlock tell him from the hospital bed that it was his wife’s bullet in his chest, two centimetres too close to be only a near-miss and how the hell does that mean she saved his life, and when the fuck did it become normal and acceptable and
Nothing feels worse than being incapable, unable to do the simplest of tasks without assistance. Death, he supposes, should eclipse that, but in his prickly mood, Sherlock isn’t so sure. Everything is made more unbearable by the constant thrum of tension between them, the tight knot in his stomach quickly morphing from regret into a persistent irritation. The last hospital visit had been particularly draining, John pacing the room, adjusting his pillow and checking his pulse every few minutes as if he didn’t trust anyone else to do a good enough job. All the while silent, avoiding the conversation they had nearly broached days before.
this year, and generally that involves being around for your daughter instead of chasing the coattails of a consulting detective. John hadn’t bargained on the weather, though. The stuffy looking man on TV this morning had promised a shower of delightfully seasonal snowflakes, not a full-on wintery blizzard. John had sworn to be back for tea time.
It’s clear now that John does in fact want him, his hands insistent as they work on Sherlock’s shirt buttons with surprising ease. He can’t breathe, and though it may be an after effect of his injury, Sherlock’s sure it has something to do with John’s teeth at his collarbone too, marring and then soothing the skin there with his lips. With every bit of energy he can muster, Sherlock brings his right hand up to John’s hair, the muscles in his arm screaming as he threads his fingers through it, tugging slightly to bring the man’s tongue back into his mouth.
Maybe he should make a joke about cuddling. Lighten the air that feels heavy once again. The words are almost there on the tip of John’s tongue, but then Sherlock exhales. And in that breath, John knows something has fallen away. Realises there’s no need to pretend, anymore, that this wasn’t the end game all along. The conclusion, after every other problem has been solved.
John leans into Sherlock’s hand as a palm reaches to the back of his neck, their armchairs no longer sat opposite each other but side by side, as close as possible.
“When you said you remembered the good bits –“ John asks the door quietly, his back to Sherlock, fingers paused on the handle.
hands on him. Placing them on Sherlock’s skin like he is an un-primed canvas, not yet ready for more, unable to handle the weight of anything else, too absorbent. John is being too careful in his mapping of Sherlock’s wounds, and though Sherlock thinks that he
“We only need to overhear where he’s stashed the necklace,” Sherlock explains, voice low enough that passers-by can’t hear him. “From what we know about him, he’s cocky. He’ll probably drink and brag enough to let some details slip”
“Sherlock, we’ve been here for nearly two hours. If I see another tree I’m going to cancel Christmas altogether”
The elbow taking his weight near Sherlock’s left shoulder is starting to protest so John shifts, slips his thigh between Sherlock’s legs and switches to the other arm to hold himself up. The pressure of that movement elicits a moan from the man underneath him, so John does it again, wetting his own lip as the sound sets fire to his veins.
He’s changed, and though the notion throws him at first, it’s incredibly easy to settle into. Where once he would prefer the peaceful allure of chosen loneliness, he now craves the warmth of John’s breath on his chest and the sound of Rosie’s giggles filling the living room. Some days Sherlock even wants to leave the crime scenes as quickly as possible, because John flexing his medical brain does something dangerous to him, and now he’s allowed to act on those impulses it’s impossible not to.
John moves his hand to the pen, turns it around in his fingers once or twice. Leaving a note means leaving a bit of himself behind, a clue in case he needs to find his way home. With a deep breath that reaches his shoulders, John picks the sticky paper from the fridge, he flattens it and -
, I know” Sherlock smirks and looks up at him, the twinkle in his eye nothing to do with the glass of wine on the counter, and everything to do with the pride reflected on John’s face.
Sherlock looks slightly surprised and relieved at the same time. They wander back up the garden path, the hand at the small of John’s back guiding him into the hallway as they pass the threshold.
Unsatisfied, Sherlock’s gaze returns to the face searching his own. John looks worse than perhaps he’s ever seen him, a bruise faded to lurid yellow at his chin, his frame thinner and ashen underneath his maroon chequered shirt. Maybe he should ask John how he is, it’s the normal thing to do, but the answer is so obvious it negates the question. And though he should be flattered by the clear worry the man has expended on him, Sherlock finds himself sad and remorseful and wanting to shut his eyes again.
He doesn’t though, just leans back slightly into John’s fingers as he pushes them to thread through the curls at the nape of Sherlock’s neck. They’re losing sight of their purpose now, John’s breath loud in his ear as he seemingly searches Sherlock’s skin for a reason to stop.
The man finally voices, looks up and he remembers late nights and barely-mornings; half eaten takeaways and bad coffees in an otherworldly time, calm short moments where Sherlock would sleep rigid in his chair and John would watch and marvel at the gift he’d been given.
He presses on regardless though. They have, after all, agreed to take the case, on John’s insistence. Bailing so late in the day would be unacceptable, even for him. The instigator behind Sherlock’s discomfort looks even more uneasy than he does. John’s precariously tight white t-shirt is only eclipsed by the hip hugging black jeans he wears, the outline of his phone comically visible in his pocket. His ensemble is a tad ridiculous, yet Sherlock can’t take his eyes off the pleasing sculpture of John’s biceps, slightly tanned from the relentlessly hot summer they’ve been having. Perhaps he’s been working out, Sherlock thinks. This is the first time he’s really seen John out of a long-sleeved shirt or jumper since becoming not-dead, and the changes are noticeable.
There are indeed grapes, sitting there useless on the side table next to John’s cardboard cup. Cards too, and flowers, the petals browning from age. He’s been here for a week at least, then. The stubble on John’s chin confirms this as he leans forward in his chair, scrubbing both hands over his worn face. The circles under his friend’s eyes betray lack of sleep, the red veins creeping into his whites illustrating days of anguish.
“I can be a good listener, is all” John finishes, looking down to the bottle in his hand as if it has answers to questions he doesn’t know how to ask.
Sherlock asks, moans tumbling from his tongue as he pushes it into John’s mouth. The stretch of his arm to Sherlock’s cock as he moves up to meet his kiss is painful, but it’s fine. John manages to keep his hand steady and suck Sherlock’s bottom lip between his teeth at the same time, remembering how to do several things at once now his blood is on fire. When he pulls away Sherlock’s eyes are dark and nearly closed, the grip on his own ribs becoming tight and the fingers around his cock stalling for a moment as the man beneath him climbs towards the peak.
He’s never heard Sherlock speak French before. Bit of German here and there, Russian surprisingly often, but never a language so soft and delicate that it makes John’s pulse skip. Perhaps it’s the lack of oxygen down here and the fact he’s spent more time around Sherlock recently than he has for years, but a shiver trembles treacherously across the back of his neck. It reminds John of that first case all those years ago, the same feeling he had when Sherlock read the dead body in front of them both and deduced her entire life in a single breath. Beautiful and thrilling and eerie at the same time, full of possibility. A welcome ghost of appreciation John had almost forgotten he was capable of. He swallows.
For a few seconds John doesn’t say anything, processing the words that linger awkwardly now. It’s not a lie, though. Sherlock does recall the parts of those excruciating hours that kept his body from shutting down completely. The hard press of John’s fingers and shirt against his ribs, the quickening breaths fluttering against his face that smelled of spearmint chewing gum and dehydration. His own honest and raw request, burning there between them for whole moments before John complied.
The sea green mottling on his skin looks angry, surrounded by raincloud purple. Sherlock blinks several times, trying to search for an answer that isn’t once again coated in a slick wash of untruths. There aren’t any though. None that would end well, at least. As much as he’s frustrated and betrayed by John’s stupidity, the man has been broken enough for one night.
John tries the handle even though it’s clearly no good. Mycroft hadn’t specified the preparations creepy butler had made, nor had he mentioned rooms at all, plural or otherwise. The storm howls again outside as Sherlock pushes by him and into the open bedroom. John stands there, rooted to the spot in the hallway, willing the locked door to magically spring open.
Maybe Sherlock speaks but it’s lost in the scarce graze of his parted mouth against John’s philtrum, and he doesn’t kiss him just yet; John can feel the flesh of Sherlock’s lips against his own like he so wants but cannot taste the inside of his hot desperate mouth because Sherlock’s just pressing himself there and breathing, waiting for something on the edge of a breaking wave - and if it’s a challenge then John’s going to fucking take it.
The suggestion pinches John’s eyebrows for a moment, a refusal sitting on the brink of his lips. He moves to shake his head so Sherlock asks again, his suggestion not entirely selfless.
Synonyms now, while John is thrusting his hips into Sherlock’s fist, knocking his skull back against the tile while lips ruin his neck.
Sherlock’s pissed to the point where he’s sure steam is rising from his suit, as they both return through the door of Baker Street. Thankfully Rosie is with Mrs Hudson downstairs, because he’s about to lose his fucking mind at the man standing in his kitchen. John takes off his jacket and goes to the cupboard, pulls out the first aid kid, knocking glasses and several of Sherlock’s experiments off the counter as he opens it up. No one has spoken and Sherlock is trying to breathe, contain the air in his chest and let it out through his nose before he says something he can’t take back. Instead, he watches the patch of red bleed out across the back of John’s shirt, a tie dye of injuries and rainwater.
“I certainly wouldn’t cross her” The man replies quietly, and then, softer – “I’m sorry I couldn’t get you back to her tonight”
so Sherlock does, and they spend the night in the silent spaces between time and darkness. In some other dimension they talk about old cases, relive private jokes they will no longer share, discuss the past and the memories and anything but the now; the present and the future than John can’t distinguish or fathom in the sheets of Sherlock’s bed. They don’t touch, though. Not again. Not even when night is becoming morning and he can’t quite keep his eyes open anymore. Not even when he’s asleep and Sherlock is still bright as day, and could do whatever he so pleased. Never again, because they’re addicts and quitting cold is the only way.
Turns out, he doesn’t have to decide. The darkened window of a flashy car rolls down as it pulls up to the kerb, and John doesn’t hesitate to yank the passenger door open.
Stability is suddenly lost as Sherlock’s arm moves away from his chest and John’s own grip on that steady limb is forced to drop, falling uselessly to his side. Long slender fingers come to rest on the edge of his upper thigh, hesitant for a moment. John tries desperately not to buck into Sherlock’s other palm, still wrapped around his cock and moving far too slowly. There’s nothing to hold onto now, so John reaches behind blindly to find the edges of Sherlock’s coat, twisting his fists into the wool.
“This is – “ John runs his hand over the nearest barrel, his fingers becoming coated in a fine dust.
But John’s already cheating, taking Sherlock’s lower lip between his own so delicately it’s barely there at all. Synapses are misfiring, fizzing out of control in the heat of John’s breath in his mouth. He smells dirty and tired, and the earthiness of it is painfully alluring. The thought that he could do anything to John right now and he’d let him, is almost enough to make him break.
“I think we had better call your Sherlock” Mrs. Hudson cooed at Charlotte “and maybe your Uncle Greg”.
Hands gripping John’s shoulders and back, Sherlock spreads his legs in libidinous invitation. John knows this, understands the invitation, and shifts up so that he can slot the broadest part of his right thigh between Sherlock’s legs, pressing in hard so they are wrapped around one another, barely leaving enough room to breathe.
Rummaging in the desk drawer he found the bottle of lube he was looking for and undid his own jeans, and pushing them down just slightly, slicked up his own hot cock, grunting with pleasure. Pushing Sherlock firmly down towards the table to keep him in place, he unceremoniously pushed one finger into Sherlock, at the same time grasping his dick in a lube-slickened hand. Sherlock’s “ahhh” was soon replaced with a deeper, throatier “gnnng” as John introduced a second finger, delighting in the sight of Sherlock spread for him, almost naked while he himself was fully clothed.
The fitting led to dinner and wine, chat about fashion college and unfinished chemistry degrees. A bottle of wine in and Michael confessed to a crush on Sherlock that had started that first day they had met. They walked back to 221b and had a bit of a snog on the doorstep, but  Michael could tell Sherlock’s heart wasn’t in it. He left, planting a kiss on a cheekbone and calling back that Sherlock's suit would be ready in three weeks.
“Fuck Sherlock, that’s right, ahhh yes, you're sooo beautiful, they all want you, with their looks and little touches and they can't have you and I won't let them take you and  ahhhh” John came suddenly and Sherlock pulled back a little allowing the semen to drip down his chin and then sitting back on his heels, reached for a towel and cleaned his face.
His last contact, the one that sliced his calf so efficiently with a short, sharp blade, has been the first to laugh when informed that Moriarty was dead. Moriarty will never be dead, the woman had giggled as Sherlock held her own knife to her heart, never dead while there are still so many of them alive, so many other Moriartys. Sherlock had thought it the ravings of a mad woman until she had leaned into the blade, piercing her own chest and whispered,
I have a suspicion that when Series 4 comes, we might not all feel so amenable towards Mycroft, so I decided to be be nice to him before he goes and ruins everything. There is a Very Special Guest Star.
This story wanted to be a lot longer and there are probably a few plot holes but I just needed to get it finished.
“Your arms, John” Sherlock murmured “I love the strength of your biceps”, warm palms moving over John’s buttocks and up to his neck, making the man sigh deeply as he relaxed into the touch. Sherlock began to add soft kisses, raising himself up so he could reach more easily.
John sat in the living room, nursing his poor thumb and glowering at Sherlock. After a while spent in uncomfortable silence John announced he was going to get dressed and go to A and E for an x-ray. Sherlock offered to join him but John simply growled at him.
Looking down at Redbeard, he fought the rising panic. Sherlock needed to calm himself, collect his thoughts and focus. Climbing the four floors to the top landing, he opened the door of the only room there, John’s Room. He hadn’t bothered coming in here before as he knew there was nothing here that related to the case, this room was where he stored his memories of John, their relationship and their love. This was the room that illuminated the rest of the Mind Palace, John as ever, his conductor of light.
They moved forward towards the chairs. A side door opened and John tried not to stare. He failed. In the door way was an elderly woman, dressed in an immaculate turquoise suit and matching hat.
Mycroft is not his usual implacable self; he now flutters around the group handing out cream rose buttonholes. Coming to a stop in front of Sherlock, they share a silent conversation in which Sherlock derides Mycroft’s flapability and Mycroft passes comment on the quality of the shine of Sherlock’s Italian black shoes. Mycroft ends the debate by offering Sherlock his hand. Sherlock takes it, pauses to make an assessment, then expresses all his love and appreciation for his brother by pulling Mycroft into a brief and awkward hug.
Carefully keeping his back to the wall, Sherlock made his way up the curving stairs carved into the pale golden stone of the house. They opened out into a walled courtyard, currently being used as a laundry drying space. Sherrinford waited for him here and welcomed him with a single, tight hug. Standing straight he was even taller than Sherlock, his handsome warm face lit up with a broad smile.
“Just Shut up Sherlock!” growled John “Just, for once on your life, shut up” but he looked Sherlock straight in the eye to check how the other man was doing. He was greeted by a half lidded look of lust making the green-blue eyes soft and unfocused. It made John’s blood rise.
Suddenly and without any preparation, John pushed one finger inside Sherlock, slowly moving up and up until he found the nub of his prostate and began to rub. Sherlock wailed and arched again but did not move away.
“Now, Sherlock. We have plans to make. Do you wish to make an announcement in The Times? Mummy would be so delighted. The wedding, will it be at home or here in London? I will, of course, be at your assistance. I can recommend one or two more, shall we say, exclusive venues.” Mycroft’s eyes gleam.
“We will know within 48 hours whether she has been infected. Until then, we give her the high dose antibiotics and hope. There is nothing else we can do Sherlock.” John wasn’t in the mood for all of Sherlock’s inevitable questions just at that moment.
Glancing at the clock, he realised Emilia would be arriving in from school soon and then it would be time for Sherlock’s bed bath so he had better pull himself together. He was so tired. Maybe tonight he should go home and sleep. But what if….
At six weeks old, Johanna had still not been able to sleep in a lying position and Mary brought her to a paediatric consultant who declared Johanna a perfect and completely healthy baby.
John was already on his hands and knees, trying to find the source of the wailing. The brand new soft bed bought only 12 hours ago was still in place in front of the fire, but was now empty.
At the door stands a young man, clearly one of Mycroft’s minions from the ubiquitous black suit, holding out an enormous white cardboard box.
It was pitch black when Sherlock stood to leave. He had already taken a great risk staying here so long. Sherrinford swamped Sherlock once more in an enormous hug. Neither man wanted to let go. Downstairs he kissed his sleeping nephew, memorising his face. Neither one of them mentioned meeting again or said goodbye and Sherrinford watched his baby brother’s back until he melted into the black of the night.
I thought this story was finished, but John kept tapping me on the shoulder and steadily getting more insistent, so here we are.
John found his feet moving without realising what he was doing. Reaching the pair he took Sherlock’s hand possessively.
As he had stood looking through the window Sherlock realised he had made a dreadful mistake. Mary had a gun. Which meant she had help. Mycroft had made sure she was under constant surveillance and they knew that she did not have a gun in her possession. So someone had known of their plan, organised the gun and taped it to the underside of one of the chairs.
The older lady was very reassuring as she stripped and checked every inch of the bawling Emelia, annoyed at being unceremoniously naked. Just as John had, she checked for a rash, change in temperature and any reduction in neck movement. Emelia passed all tests with flying colours. John and Sherlock gripped hands throughout the examination. John too was quizzed about any symptoms.
Sherlock knows exactly what he wants this morning, he had thought about it yesterday as he watched John move in his dress uniform; all strength and confidence. He leans in and kisses John, hard and deliberate, the way John has taught him. The response is immediately rough and demanding. It’s pleasing.
Sherlock paused, wondering if he was not too old for his brother’s comfort, but launching himself into the proffered arms none the less. He rested his head on Mycroft’s shoulder for a moment, recovering from his fright, waiting for the question, the need to explain but Mycroft simply looked into his face and smiled, comforted to see his little brother seemed to be fine again.
He had broken down John’s behaviour in general into the classic divisions of Maslow’s Hierarchy of Needs, measuring the extent to which his needs were being met. From this, Sherlock concluded that John needed him in order to feel a sense of belonging and usefulness, which in part explained the caretaking element of their relationship.
Shifting his feet apart, John gave himself a long, slow stroke over the top of his new, scarlet pants. The softness of the cotton felt good both on his cock and palm, and his erection began to peek over the top of the waistband.
Sherlock felt his heart stop, then stutter back again as he repressed the swell in his chest with the idea that, of course, it was not real. Forcing his eyes open to ensure he was fully conscious, he met John’s smiling face:
“Of course, headed by Inspector Joseph Walsh. He narrowed the theft down to two main suspects; a local man and this man.” He hands Sherlock a black and white photo of a middle-aged man with a severe centre parting in his heavily brylcreemed hair and a sharp nose, “Charles Burk was a travelling salesman, selling agricultural implements and products. He had been staying in the village the night before and left early the morning after the alleged burglary. They tracked him but each time The Guards thought they had caught up with him, he’d moved on. He was travelling up the west coast, only stopping for a few hours in each location. You need to understand, this was a time when very few people had a telephone and communications were slow. Doyle then crossed the border into Northern Ireland and so moved into the jurisdiction of the British and the Royal Ulster Constabulary. That made things even more complicated as the two forces had an often difficult working relationship and co-operation was a rare thing. Burke was last sighted as he entered Co. Antrim two days after the burglary. He also was never seen again.”
“Nicely done.” John leans in and mutters, confirming Sherlock’s deduction that he had been watching them from a distance.
Thanks for reading. This challenge has been an experience and I am fairly certain some of these chapter will be reworked, added to, combined or start something else altogether.
It was a social worker called Clare who phoned with their very first placement, a boy of 12 whose father was absent and whose mother had to spend a number of weeks in hospital. Mark was a tall boy, mad for football and playing loud music. He settled in quite quickly and they fell into an easy routine of school runs, dinners at set times and visits to the hospital to visit Mark’s Mum. John was able to reassure the boy that she really would make a full recovery and Sherlock provided a surprising amount of help with homework. Both men were sorry to see him go after six weeks and the flat seemed very quiet for a few days afterwards.
It hadn’t been an easy birth, what with Mary not being as young as she used to be and, it turned out, prone to long labours. Twenty three hours after the first pain, Johanna Marie Watson was born, a healthy 8lbs and 5oz. Dark-haired like her Mother ‘really, John, of course it’s dark’ with the exact same navy blue eyes as her Father, everyone who saw her was instantly smitten.
Next to him, John is rousing, probably because Sherlock kicked him as he stretched. That may not have been an accident. A lot of things Sherlock has done recently may not have been altogether accidental.
Sherlock stared at his mother, tiny fragments from his youth falling into a pattern, an impossible, ridiculous idea forming at the back of his head. His mother stood waiting and half smiled as her son deduced and eliminated in front of her eyes, memories clicking into place. When his eyes met hers again she saw the realisation and new appreciation there.
John manages to raise one lid to peer at him. “C'm ‘ere, fiancé,” and wraps himself around the languid Sherlock, rubbing his nose into the softest part of Sherlock’s neck. “Need my rest, got a wedding to plan,” and he promptly falls asleep.
Upstairs in 221b John is alone. He has showered and shaved and now stands in their bedroom looking at his reflection and smiles. He remembers doing the very same thing on the morning of his wedding to Mary. That day he had been filled with doubts; had wanted to shout ‘stop, it’s all going too fast, everything has changed, I just need to stop and think’. He doesn’t regret going through with it, though, it’s just that this morning is so different.
“Johanna, meet your would-be-Godfather-if-he-believed-in-such-things-or-Uncle-if-he-wasn’t-quite-so-literal-Sherlock”.
“Mate, you misunderstand me. You just left a possible murder scene in a hurry. You obviously recognised the bloke. I’m not asking you out of concern, I’m asking you as the investigating officer. Now, how do you know him?”
She shrieks in pretend terror as Sherlock chases her around the picnic table, bent low at the knees, coat flowing behind him as he waggles his fingers. He catches her, giving her belly the gentlest of tickles before scooping her up and throwing her in the air. They are both breathless and laughing when John appears, balancing two coffees and a carton of apple juice.
For the first time, Sherlock turned to face John, who was alarmed to see the tracks of tears down Sherlock’s face.
“Yes. yes. Ok.” The men headed down to the main shop, where Michael took out a dark green box with maroon embossing. He handed it to Sherlock. “Maybe you should bring him a gift? May I recommend these?” He handed over a pair of scarlet cashmere socks. Puzzled, Sherlock handed over £50.00 and took the box.
Sherlock is jerked awake the next morning by the sound of the water pipes groaning and the kettle being filled and switched on. Surfacing, he’s aware of the comforting heat of John still next to him, producing gentle puffing snores. He sits bolt upright, infuriated. Bloody Mycroft!  He leaps out of bed and yanks his dressing gown from the back of the door.
John loves Sherlock like this; sensitised, pliant, waiting, listening, thinking of nothing but what John will do next.
“I insist!” Sherlock’s nose had wrinkled slightly at the mention of M&S. “It’s the least I can do, under the circumstances.”
A beep from John’s phone interrupted the peace of 221b. Sherlock observed from beneath his eyelashes as John read the message, smiled, and then promptly blushed. Curious.
Surprised at Sherlock’s abrupt desire to leave, John slurps the remains of his tea, stands and the men shake hands. Gathering the documents he has been given, Sherlock sweeps out of the room, John stammering their goodbyes. Eoin holds onto John’s hand for moment, squeezing it.
Sherlock pulled his feet up so that he was lying flat on his back. His coat hung down from his shoulders like a cape or even like wings, he thought. He had often tried turning over onto his front but he had never managed it fully, although sometimes he rolled onto his left side and then back onto his right. He didn’t particularly mind though. He was comfortable enough like this and it reminded him of being on the sofa at home. Mostly, this place was just a blankness with swirls of colour; red, purple and yellow. He had often wondered what had happened to make him take so many drugs that he had trapped himself in this eternal floating chasm.
It had been so long and still John was drawn to him, irresistible. John had only had to glance once as he walked in the door to find him, like he was the only person in the room.
“I want every part of you. If this is not what you want, Sherlock, you need to say so, right now, because I don’t think I can stop again.”
“Yes, Sherlock. I noticed. I wasn’t sure if this was what you wanted exactly, but I am really, really over you hurting yourself to get my attention. Will you promise to stop now? Please?”
That night, Emelia slept between her fathers, both sleeping only fitfully. John watched his peaceful child sleeping, her face illuminated only by the moonlight filtering through the curtains. His panic was beginning to subside a little as time passed without any symptoms and his thoughts went to the family of the infected child. He hoped the child was recovering.
John’s stomach makes a slide down and he has to lean against Sherlock for a moment to steady himself. He grasps a full buttock in each hand, just holding them, feeling the muscles under his hands shift fractionally as Sherlock keeps them both standing. John realises they are swaying slightly.
“Two. Both the same, both deeply unsatisfying and both ending very badly. There may have even been a restraining order involved. You are my friend John, I do not wish for us to do that to each other”.
Sherlock just about managed to shower, shave and even get dressed before the tickle began again at the back of his brain. He was rather proud of having got so much done. It didn’t take long before the tickle became an itch, then transformed into a dense pressure in his solar plexus. This time he prowled out of the bedroom in search of his next fix.
“Well Com.. Violet, you can’t expect to bring the world back from nuclear disaster, get shot at by the Russians, blown up by the Chinese and expect to come away from it without a touch of arthritis. Whoever has our boys, they have no idea who they are dealing with! Don’t worry, we’ll get them back, safe and sound.”
“Yes, of course. I have done this before, Sherlock. I pushed her and she insisted he was very popular. It was only as I was wrapping up the interview that she mentioned Willis’s ex-girlfriend, woman by the name of Eloise Armitage. Said they had been together for over 3 years and Armitage had taken the break up very badly, apparently. Said Mark had told her Eloise kept phoning him and emailing him, couldn’t accept it was over”.
John moved to kiss him, soft, sweet, practically chaste little kisses with just their lips, running his own fingers through Sherlock’s curls and then doing it again just because he could, burying his face in Sherlock’s neck and inhaling the faint lemony tang remaining from the morning.
“Then I would trail my fingers up and down your neck. Just light, small strokes until your shoulders drop as your breathing deepens and your eyes close”
Sherlock removes three sheets of paper and lays them out front of him on the coffee table. The first is a printout showing two first-class bookings with Aer Lingus from Heathrow to Dublin Airport. The second is a printout of Ireland from Google maps, detailing a route going west from Dublin to Kilkenny and then further over to the west coast. It then snakes northward along the coastline before turning east and ending in County Antrim in Northern Ireland.
“Mycroft. It was all Mycroft’s fault. He called over one day when you were at work. I was taking care of Rosie and we were on the floor, playing with her bricks. He waltzed in, as he does, and demanded to be allowed to play too. I was horrified, but he just sat down with ‘well, you said they are family now so…’ Then he asked an interesting question.”
Lestrade became a regular visitor to the flat, often bringing new papers to add to the wall. There were constant texts to and from Mycroft and even the occasional visit from the elder Holmes to the flat. Anthea also called a number of times to hand deliver a folder or USB stick.
“I thought.. they told me you were dead. Committed suicide. I never believed it. How did you find me? God, I’m glad you found me, little brother. It’s so great to see you, I’ve missed you.”
“Cause of death?” Anderson invited sarcastically. Sherlock resumed his examination of the body. I believe it was a head injury. Here” he pointed to the man’s temple “do you see that faint mark? Early bruising”.
It was a calculated risk leaving her alone with the baby, but he and Sherlock had practiced chasing after her down the stairs. Carrying a baby slowed you down considerably if you were taking care not to hurt it. He was gone from the room exactly 23 seconds, during which time he had grabbed his pistol, a baby blanket and a jumper. He shoved the pistol into his waistband and came out pulling the jumper over his head and expecting to see Charlotte in her mother’s arms. Mary hadn’t moved. He covered Charlotte with the blanket, loosely and only from the waist down and checked she was still fast asleep and in one move pulled out his Sig and walked over to Mary and pointed it at her head.
They had dispensed with a lot of the usual trimmings, no need for bouquets of flowers, bridesmaids, fancy cars, ushers or top hats. The grooms wore matching grey silk suits with a simple white rose in their lapel. Their original plan had been to walk up the isle between the chairs together holding hands but Mummy was having none of that, absolutely insisting on walking her beautiful boy up the aisle. Not wanting to be out done, Harry also stepped up to the mark and escorted John so that all four of them walked side by side to where Mycroft was waiting for them underneath the honeysuckle-trained arbour.
He would do it. He would ask John out and to hell with the consequences. Reaching for his phone, he bought 2 online tickets for the following evening’s performance and promptly fell asleep for nine hours.
“Of course. I’ve been so stupid! Now I can see it all so clearly. John, as ever, you are my conductor of light”. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and pulled him into a deep and energetic kiss.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, could I please have your attention. As you know, we shall shortly be serving a celebration dinner but before that, as Mayor of London, I have a few words to say. We are all here this evening to show our gratitude and deepest respect to one man. His has been a life of service, firstly as a soldier and secondly as a doctor. None of that can compare to the service he has given to our beloved city this year. As you are all acutely aware, in a single selfless act, he saved the lives of over 9 million people. He walked into a situation from which he did not expect to survive and in doing so, prevented those terrorists from detonating the warheads aimed at Glasgow, Leeds, Birmingham and, of course, our London.
Confronting a difficult case leaves Sherlock vulnerable until John finds a way to comfort and distract his beautiful boy.
“No, nothing” John was bemused. In the four weeks since their relationship had become this, become more, they had shared what few details each they had not already known of one another, their childhoods, sexual history, fears, delights and dreams. John had plunged head first into it all, revealed things about himself that he had never shared with anyone before.
Despite the last ten years in anonymity and living as a virtual recluse, there were still plenty of people here who remembered Sherlock Holmes. Acquaintances, well-wishers and fans all drifted to his table. He spoke to them all but none were invited to sit and join him. Sherlock was alone in this crowd.
The tiny tobacconist stall was empty except for one customer and the man behind the counter, slightly stooped, dark-haired and dressed in a crisp white tunic. They were sharing the dark coffee that was the local hospitable custom. Sherlock, loved it, it was strong, drunk without milk and syrupy sweet.
“Delighted to meet you at last, John, I have heard so much about you. Please, sit here next to me, I want to hear all about that little upset we had in Tottenham last month. I understand you and Sherlock were instrumental in resolving that robbery?”
He was glad that Sherlock had not wanted to announce this new development in their relationship from the rooftops to all and sundry; he wanted a chance to get used to it himself. Of course most of their friends would be very nonplussed by any grand announcement, they mostly believed himself and Sherlock to have been together for a while anyway. Frowning, John thought of Molly. She might need a gentler approach though. What would be kinder, he wondered, if he told her himself or would it be better coming from Sherlock? He left that one for later.
A quiet cough derailed John's ponderings. He turned, expecting a second older gentleman, but came face to chin with a much younger man, possibly only in his late twenties or early thirties. He wore an immaculate suit of royal blue matched with a paler blue shirt and red tie. A sharply trimmed beard accentuated his jawline, mostly blond but shot through with the occasional red. John wished he had brought Sherlock after all; this guy was even more intimidating.
It was ludicrous. Pointless, unproductive and, at times, both physically and mentally uncomfortable. Even worse, he was proving Mycroft correct; something he went to extraordinary lengths to avoid. Sentiment. Definitely for the losing side, if only for the sheer amount of attention and energy it required.
"He just likes the smell of me. It's all part of the settling in process. Let's get him something of mine that smells like me and then he might settle with you."
Sherlock’s eyes fly open, ranging back and forth over the grinning John, who is lying back down next to him again.
“Do you like that, love?” John interprets the sigh as one of pleasure, and continues to explore Sherlock’s singular bone structure as he gazes down adoringly at the man.
John reaches over to his side of the bed and roots through his bedside locker for the lube, rapidly coating his hand. He dips one finger down and massages Sherlock’s perineum before slipping inside him then quickly introducing a second finger. Already relaxed from coming, it doesn’t take John long to open Sherlock up. He smiles at Sherlock, a questioning eyebrow raised. Sherlock, eyes half-lidded, nods back.
The sheen over Sherlock's eyes was clear and John was overwhelmed by the desire to make this better. Sherlock was rejected enough by people, he hated to see it happen again. As he watched Sherlock's eyes linger on the small dog, he had a flash of inspiration.
“The same way you were saved, darling boy. By the love of a good man”. Sherlock nods, almost imperceptibly.
John raised an eyebrow “What kind of experiment?” Neither of them had forgotten the incident during the case of the disappearing chef which had ended with John displaying an impressive black eye.
“As you are all aware, there is routine surveillance of all four principals using the City’s CCTV system. At 10.10 there was a system-wide disruption of this feed for three minutes. We are still tracking the source of that disruption. We have been unable to locate any principal on the system after 10.13. Have any of you received any communication from your principal since that time. Mrs. Watson, for the sake of this mission, I am allocating John Watson to you as your principal.”
Just for a moment, a fraction of a second, a fill of ventricles before they could pump out again, Sherlock wondered if he was capable of this, of being what someone else needed. What he so badly wanted to be. Then the thinking finally stopped and he closed the gap between then, pressed his fully clothed body hard against John’s wet and naked one, and kissed him, a swirl and slide of warm tongues and breath, arms wrapped around one another, clinging and pulling each other closer as lips and tongues devoured the other.
“Agreed.” By now, John was growing used to the mind reading thing. Sherlock dipped into the kitchen, returning with a black bin bag. He handed it to John. “I didn’t like it anyway. You can go to my tailors. You need a decent suit if we are to continue working together.”
He took refuge on the sofa, peering over the top of his laptop at John longingly. When the call was finally ended, he threw the laptop to one side with intent but was cut off at the pass by John:
So it was that for the next two and a half years, Sherlock Holmes called to the Watson home every Tuesday and Thursday at 6.30 p.m. exactly. He would be fed any dinner of his choosing, most often the thing with the peas, and then he would banish Johanna’s parents and work his magic while John and Mary caught up on some badly needed sleep. As far as Sherlock could work out, the magic was the result of a combination of three things, firstly, he kept her bolt upright on his shoulder. Secondly, he would jiggle Johanna at a remarkably fast pace up and down but very gently. Thirdly, and the reason John and Mary had to be banished, he would sing to the baby in a gentle, quiet, low rumbling of whatever came into his head.
The pair of them laugh so hard, that Sherlock forgets about his erection completely. They drift off to sleep, wrapped around each other, one or the other occasionally breaking the peace with a giggle.
Six months after he had last whirled out of the door of 221b, four months after regaining consciousness, Sherlock was finally back where he belonged. There had been other possibilities, he hadn’t needed to force himself to climb these stairs, but each one had been a step closer to him getting back to his life.
And he still feels a little sick, but the fingertips playing at his abdominals are encouraging and direct. The centring pressure of a forehead against his own is enough to ease the skip of adrenaline through John’s veins, as he grinds against Sherlock again. Those fears begin to fade away, slip from his mind like the leather of Sherlock’s belt, as John feeds it through the loops of the man’s waistband.
Sherlock waits for the realisation to dawn, as John takes in the room around him, noting the binds on the wall behind them and the lack of any meaningful light source.
, he types. His reflection looks back at him with disdain. John holds his thumb down until the words disappear again.
Sherlock follows suit, now distanced enough that his brain can form features on faces rather than just a blur of flushed skin. The outside of the club may have reminded him of Prague, but inside is the complete opposite. Sherlock had spent his time as a ghost in dingy bars filled with cigarette smoke and older men, not writhing twenty year olds and fake clouds of whatever the hell they’re breathing in right now. All at once he feels a bit out of his depth, realising they’re perhaps some of the oldest drinkers in the room. John seems to have come to the same conclusion, downing the rest of his glass in one.
There are no messages. John taps Sherlock’s name, opens up a blank page and hovers over the keyboard.
Maybe John’s lost his fucking mind, or he’s just had too much to drink, Sherlock doesn’t care what the reason is. The case is immaterial with teeth lightly grazing his partly exposed collarbone, John’s fingertips stroking his shirt buttons like he wants to prise them open. Sherlock wonders if he’s thought about this before, if John has wanted this all along or if two years of loneliness was simply painful enough for him to miss something he never had. Because Sherlock did. Craved something, an unnameable thing, a familiar touch as he lay bleeding in a Russian cell or swirling a glass of brandy in one of those forsaken back alley dive bars. A thing like this – John hot and wanting in his lap, rocking into him as if the solution to all their problems can be found in the meeting of their bodies.
. He soaps it under his arms and across his chest, between his legs and all the places Sherlock’s hands have been. Hopes he is not washing off the last of him – that there will be more, tomorrow or the day after or just one day, any day. He will wait.
Against the railings outside, he shakes and shakes, the panic attack shattering through him and bringing bile to his throat. Bent double John breathes, in and out, nose and mouth, repeating the motion until he’s able to put one foot in front of the other again.
Sherlock looks sad, still. The gaze he’d held so firmly drifts away to the frosted grass at his feet, and John sees doubt and embarrassment crinkling the lines of his face. He’s doing a shit job at this. He’s come all this way and now the moment of redemption is slipping from his numbing fingertips.
The man’s attempt at levity in their current circumstances is welcome, and Sherlock manages to grin back. A waiter comes their way and John yet again takes the initiative in ordering their drinks, asking for whisky this time. When the glasses arrive at their table, John doesn’t down it in one as predicted, but rather seems to use it as a shield, sipping intermittently whilst avoiding the show going on just feet away from their table.
Autumn is tense, painted with pain and the fatigue of constant therapy, and sometimes Sherlock doesn’t know what day it is or who he is, at all. He finds himself mentally cataloguing John’s jumpers just so he can keep track of how many times they’ve seen each other. Some visits are long, and the words between them exceed the need to be counted, other times they are so short it’s like he was never there at all. The cocaine is secreted under the floorboard in the bathroom, and they both know it. Occasionally Sherlock can tell it’s been prised open, but John never takes it. It’s an exercise in trust, and not one either is willing to fail. Most of all it’s just strenuous, a slow process of reminding each other who they are, what they’ve overcome, and why they’re still needed.
Sherlock’s hands are steady again now, so he moves slow and gentle in the fragile air, presses them both to the damage at the back of John’s ribs. All he wants to do is heal. Heal his skin, heal his wounds, heal the frail life they share.
John places the sack of booze he’d been carrying onto the floor, the only space available to him. All day Sherlock has kept him out of the kitchen, shooing him away every time he got within a few feet of the door. Their cottage isn’t exactly small, but John had taken to spending most of the morning outside anyway, putting up last minute Christmas lights above the door and avoiding his tense partner. Only now was he allowed to see behind the velvet curtain, after providing the bottles of alcohol Sherlock had sent him out to get.
Nothing can be allowed to ruin that, the extremely thin plastic wrap that holds them together now. Sometimes it twists and stretches, but it’s strong enough to hold out, eventually relaxing back into its original shape. Just tethering them there, connected as they always have been. Most days it feels too good to be true and too painful to be good, all at the same time.
Sherlock hears the latch of the lock as the three men walk away, leaving them trapped in the dully lit room. Immediately he falls to his knees next to John’s body, frantically checking his pulse and searching for any sign of a more serious injury. Thankfully his head seems fine, likely just knocked out from the impact of concrete against his skull. Sherlock takes in the small room around them. The walls are papered in purple damask, a double bed draped in satin sheets of the same colour sits in the middle, no other furniture but a large chest next to it. He doesn’t need to open the box to know its contents. Judging from the handcuffs hanging from the wall behind the bed, and the ankle restraints at each corner, the room has a very particular use.
“Look at me,” Sherlock asks, patient during the seconds it takes John to carefully remove his head from its resting place. “Touch yourself”
, but he holds his tongue. The concept of leaving his dead wife’s house is fragile still, how can it not be. There are memories in those rooms that Sherlock is not privy to, and a couple he wishes he could forget.
He spends the night on Molly’s sofa with no explanation, his daughter fast asleep upstairs. In the morning he wakes from no sleep and showers, standing in the hot water for so long that he begins to drift away.
There’s a silent please, a request for one final favour as Sherlock uses the little strength he has left to trace his hand softly along John’s throat, before resting at the dip under his jawline. He applies pressure, and John lifts his chin, desperately seeking the eyes he still cannot see. His hands feel damp on his makeshift bandage, the metallic smell of blood poisoning the small pockets of air around them.
“No,” John admits, lifting his chin in some final act of defiance against his own tentative mind. “No, it’s not at all”
Then, delicate fingers find his own. They rest lightly over John’s strong digits, knotted tightly in the shirt pressed against Sherlock’s ribs. For a few seconds he focuses on that touch, the slow circle of Sherlock’s thumb on the back of his hand.
“Okay,” John says, the slight edge to his voice betraying the lie in his words. “You’ll be fine, hang on. Let me just –“
Any protest Sherlock was about to make gets caught in the back of his throat. John ghosts his palm over the hardness in Sherlock’s trousers, the touch there and also not at all. It’s maddening all of a sudden, but Sherlock does as he’s told and keeps his hands on the cool porcelain, veins jumping with anticipation.
Suddenly he’s outside and there’s pavement, cold concrete to the side of his head and his knees, a ringing in his ears and so many people, suddenly, getting red on their shoes from the steadily expanding pool of blood stemming unreal and too fast from Sherlock’s broken head - and John has to bow his own head, now, in the kitchen of 221B and nearly three years later, standing before the man that was lost and given back and nearly taken from him again. He feels hot prickling behind his eyes and screws his them tight shut against the whole thing, presses his knuckles into the table and concentrates all his strength on the feel of wood against the grooves of his skin, of solid reality instead of blurry sick fictions. And he feels the guilt as if he were the one who pulled the trigger, as if Mary’s hands are his own and they’re bound together - they are, by law and gold, by stretched love and the DNA creating new life for them to shape.
Instead, his body is impatient and his mind only focussed on the mouth slowly lowering to the glistening head of his cock, John’s tongue swiping at the flushed skin eagerly. Each feeling is new, every touch more consuming than the last, as John gradually pushes his lips down, enveloping the tip in a deliciously soft heat. The mouth around him moves precisely and leisurely, just enough to drive him insane, dancing perilously close to the edge already.
For Rosie’s eighteenth birthday a few months ago, Sherlock had suggested a car, and John had agreed it was the perfect gift. Their cottage is miles from the nearest station, and though neither man minds the journey, Rosie’s independent spirit had been fighting to get out on the open road ever since she passed her test. They found the ideal vehicle, a slightly battered forest green Land Rover that Sherlock had managed to get fixed up for free. Something about a favour owed, and John knew better than to bother asking about it. She had been delighted, squeezing the life out of them both, before hopping in with her muddy boots and heading for the nearest stretch of tarmac.
John maps his way up the man’s chest, his cock wrapped in those clever fingers, tries to breathe the entirety of him into his lungs so every exhale from now on will be Sherlock. There’s no response, so he begins to push into Sherlock’s cold grip, careening against him almost desperately. His breaths puff out in little clouds between them, melting against wool as he presses his forehead to Sherlock’s coat lapel.
is here” Sherlock reminds them, gesturing widely with his arms, or at least attempting to, and instantly regretting it.
John doesn’t know what to say. Sherlock takes his hand and this time cleans it on his trouser leg, takes each individual finger and wipes the evidence off. His eyes are blurry and hurt, and all he can do is watch Sherlock do up both their trousers. John’s still pressed into him, forehead in the crook of his neck and clutching at sweat dampened chest like he’s about to disappear.
“Don’t” John asks, almost begging as he pushes his forehead into the sharp edge of bone in front of him. “Don’t say that”
“Shit,” John pulls away, oxygen failing to reach his lungs as everything constricts in panic. “Shit, Sherlock, I’m sorry – “
Eventually, as falling leaves turn to bare branches and white out skies, the tape catches and things start playing again.
“Oh that’s it my beautiful boy, God you are so glorious, Sherlock spread out like this under my hands and my tongue, come for me now Sherlock, come for me love”.
“Yes. Yes for 10 years. Army doctor actually, but I saw plenty of action too. Two tours in Afghanistan. I was actually just returned when I met Sherlock. That’s a good story, I must tell you about the first time I met him, he was able to tell everything about me from just looking at my phone….”
have ever known”. He wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s waist and pulled him in tight, both men beaming.
“Nonsense. It could take them weeks to get the paperwork to do a search and then run all the tests. If we find anything, I can do the tests at home and we will know by morning” Sherlock grinned at John. “Come on”.
The record for driving a field hockey ball is 200 feet and the impact of a ball driven at someone's head at great speed from a closer distance could indeed kill them.
“Come back to me Sherlock. I’m not done with you yet, my darling. So many things still to do together. I miss you. I miss you in the kitchen filling the fridge with biohazards, I miss you shouting at the TV, I miss you playing the violin and I miss you sulking on the sofa. I miss you in our bed” John climbed up and perched on the edge of the narrow hospital bed, lying on his side. He wrapped one arm lightly around Sherlock’s waist and propped his head up on the other hand, getting as close to Sherlock’s ear as he could.
“Good morning.” John smiles up at him and covers Sherlock’s hand with his own, pressing down and rolling his hips up in greeting.
On route from the airport, Dublin flashes past the cab windows as they traverse the redeveloped docklands area; all glass, gleaming steel and artisan coffee shops. They cross the River Liffey and the traffic slows. They meander into the old parts of Dublin, Georgian buildings renovated and converted into museums, art galleries and university teaching departments. The traffic is just as bad as in London but the buildings are shorter with more space between them.
Sherlock made his way carefully into the house. There was no sign of Sherrinford. Suddenly a Tunisian woman appeared in front of him:
John very gently placed his hand under Sherlock’s chin and raised his eyes to meet his own. This time, there was only gentle affection and understanding in those dark blue eyes.
Sherlock went to the bathroom and John moved immediately to his laptop. He had set it up that morning, a visceral memory from his first wedding needing to be eradicated and replaced.
This story features John and Sherlock's daughter Emelia who originates in Chapters 4 and 6 of my work
Closing the door of the shelter behind him, Billy walked purposefully down the busy road, weaving between the moving cars as he crossed and headed down the laneway between the bookies and the Indian restaurant. Reaching the fence at the end, he climbed up, pulling himself onto a window ledge, then up a drainpipe and eventually up onto the roof.
Leaning in slowly, John kisses Sherlock, his hand wandering under the sheet to a bicep, down to the length of Sherlock’s forearm where he strokes a fingertip firmly along the sinews and muscles. God, how he loves Sherlock’s forearms; the scattering of hair, the strength of those muscles offset by the slender delicacy of the wrist. He grips the wrist firmly, using exactly the right amount of pressure; not quite enough to hurt but sufficient for Sherlock to feel safe.
John stomped up the stairs to 221b Baker Street dripping from the sudden downpour and regretting his decision to wear his new shoes to work. He started to complain as soon as he got to the 16
“You are being ridiculous, John. I have lived on take-aways quite satisfactorily for many years now. Do I look like it has done harm?” Sherlock waved his hand theatrically up and down his frame while raising an eyebrow. John took a long moment to consider Sherlock’s body, eyes ranging from prominent cheekbones to slender hips and raised clavicle peeking out from a midnight blue shirt.
Inside the flat, Sherlock prowled around the rooms, appearing to look for something in particular, dropping to his hands and knees to explore underneath furniture, sweeping back the heavy cream curtains and delving into the kitchen bins. Finding nothing, he strode to the door from Willis’s bedroom out to the balcony. John and Greg watched silently as Sherlock performed an investigative ballet on the balcony, arms outstretched, hands plotting courses through the air, swirling around to examine the door and spinning back to the view of the small garden and roofs of close by buildings. John stepped forward in alarm as Sherlock leaned far over the balcony to examine the ground beneath but before he could reach him, Sherlock was upright again and facing him, grinning.
“I only ever wanted you, John. I love you. I have done since I met you. You were so lonely and fragile and you came back to life under my hands and kisses and it was beautiful. You are beautiful. And then
“A croquet mallet. You know, the top of it has two flat round ends and the handle is really long. You could get considerable force by swinging a mallet by the end of its handle”. Molly mimed the action she meant, aiming her imaginary mallet at Sherlock’s temple.
John had originally been opposed to the idea of them spending the night before the wedding in different places. He wanted Sherlock close to him. He always needed Sherlock close to him these days, as if afraid that one or the other of them would disappear into a puff of smoke without the other there to anchor them to this life. Sherlock understood that; he felt the same way sometimes. Occasionally, he still wondered if he was really still locked up in a cell in Serbia; isolated, in pain and that this was all the creation of his insane mind, just a coping mechanism, too perfect to be real.
John leans down and kisses the end of Sherlock’s nose. “I know that, you berk. Well, I worked it out eventually. I saw the patterns; Rosie’s bedtime, always being back in the flat.
After what they had just heard, John was no longer sure if that was good thing. If they were all going to burn alive then Sherlock was better off unconscious.
On day twelve, there was a break in the routine. Sherlock and John rose early and were collected by a black limousine, Mycroft waiting in the back for them. They were making the trip to Sussex to Sherlock’s family. Mary was, by now, beginning to feel the weight of her pregnancy and decided to stay at home for the day. The three men returned to Baker Street that evening in a sombre mood and for the first time, John stayed at Baker Street, explaining to Mary in a quick phone call that it was going to be a ‘late one’ and she needed her sleep.
This story is based on my own daughter's contact with meningitis not once, but twice aged 6 months and 5 years. I  will be forever grateful for our close escape. In both instances, the children infected not only survived but are doing well - I see them regularly. If you do not know the symptoms of this disease, please have a look
John turned to face Sherlock who stepped towards him, offering a towel. Ignoring him, John lifted his hand, stroked Sherlock’s face and locked eyes with the tall, lean man and kissed him, just once, a chaste, soft lingering press of lips.
They spent the next hour in companionable silence. Sherlock lay on the floor, head rested on Redbeard’s belly listening to his big brother reading excerpts from his revision notes and dreaming of one day saving the world.
“That was rude” laughed John as they strode towards the lift to leave “poor Greg, he was only doing his job”.
I lost my writing mojo for a while but I am now back with a vengence. I have also updated the Mycroft story that runs parallel to this. I make a brief reference to it here, so if you would like to know more about what is going on with Mycroft and Greg, you can read about it in
As John stomped off to get takeaway pizza, he remembered what Sue had said and laughed wryly to himself. Who in their right minds would bring a child into this?
