Sherlock first saw John on the train. Well, before the train.
“Fucking hell.” John groaned, squeezing the base of his cock and let Sherlock glimpse the ooze of pre drip down his cock head and make its way down the shaft. Sherlock watched helplessly, mouth hanging open slightly.
“And they give me shit for being gay.” She muttered. John scowled at her as she brushed past them, going up the stairs to her room. The boys went out to the patio and took careful seats on the porch swing. Sherlock lit up a smoke and he and John chatted about family and school until it was dark out. John’s parents would be home soon, and he really didn’t want a repeat of last time. So reluctantly, he told Sherlock he should go home. They said their goodbyes on the front steps.
“As often as I can. When you make tea and toast, every time I go to my room. Most of the time I don’t make it to the bed before I have to touch myself. I just do it right against the door.”
“I didn’t really fit in at boarding school, myself. Mycroft was the king, the on
“I’m not a cat.” He grumbled
“Have a safe trip home.” he said, releasing his hold around the other boy. Sherlock gave him a surprised look and nodded.
"Almost 18." Sherlock gaped at him.
“Christ, ‘Lock.” John groaned, his own cock leaking precum into his pants. He recounted all of the times he’d been making tea and Sherlock was budgering himself against the door, thinking about him.
"Did you… do anything today?" John asked after a few stale seconds had passed. Sherlock shook his head.
“Figures.” He muttered, standing right next to Sherlock’s chair, practically bending over him to grab his mug. Sherlock got a delightful eye full of John’s bulge in his shorts, there was a slight natural musk to John that washed over him as the older man leaned in so close. Sherlock added another finger, trying not to move them too fast, or else he might make a squelching noise, which John would hear. Sherlock wanted him to hear, hear how wet he was for him. He wanted John to grab his knees and force his legs apart, so that he would watch Sherlock touch himself, just for him. Sherlock took a deep breath as John moved back towards the sink to finish the dishes. He used the cover of the sink turning on to relentlessly ram his fingers into his drooling slit, tugging furiously at his cock. He imagined John rubbing his cock through his pants, urging Sherlock on while he watched. Teasing Sherlock with the prospect of getting a proper fucking. John would tease him until his own cock was leaking pre-cum and he couldn’t hold back anymore, yanking down his pants and taking Sherlock with the feral passion he’d seen John exhibit so many times on cases. Sherlock bit his lip and held his breath as he came hard. He swore he heard a dribble of his cum splash on the floor, but it could have been the sink. Sherlock shook slightly in the aftershocks, his hole pulsing around his now still fingers. His foggy mind picturing what it would feel like to cum on John’s long, thick cock, milking John’s own orgasm into his unused womb. Sherlock’s eyes widened at the jolt that ran through his body at the thought, his orgasm flooding over his fingers. He shook himself out of his fantasies, realizing John was done with the dishes. He pulled his waistband back up, his underwear becoming slick with his cum, and after a brief glance, he confirmed there was now a huge wet spot on the back of his dressing gown. He couldn’t be bothered.
During his little speech, he had moved around John’s bedroom, taking in every inch. His full sized bed was shoved into a corner, it was messy, but it looked comfortable. A small table with a lamp was shoved between it and the wall, which had two large windows covered in black drapes. Along the wall opposite the bed and next to the door was a chest of drawers, a reasonably sized TV placed on it, a mirror between it and the door. The wall opposite the windows held a desk with an old laptop on it, a well loved desk chair nestled underneath. The final corner held a circular rug, upon it was John’s (now broken) guitar and a bean bag. The walls were covered in various paintings and book shelves. A black and white print of Big Ben was centered above the desk, and a single shelf above the bed held a stereo and various pictures of friends and family. There was a laundry bin to the right of the bed.
“You have a good point.” John laughed.They started walking up the front steps, which were cleared of snow and ice, John noticed. The door was opened by a lady dressed head to toe in a red velvet dress, the collar lined with white feathers and sequins. Her makeup was flawless and her hair was done up so elegantly, John swore he’d seen her in a magazine. And if not, she definitely belonged in one.
“In a rush?” Sherlock chuckled, causing John to blush.
“Yes, John.” He responded weakly.
His still hard cock was pushed on by his briefs going taut. Sherlock swallowed a noise, sneaking one finger under the table to rub at himself while John had his back turned. Sherlock was flushed with the feeling of how forbidden his actions were. John sat down at the table and started into his sandwich, starting a casual conversation. Sherlock kept his eyes on his food as he slowly ate with his right hand, his left was busy rubbing up and down his slit. Thinking about John in his fantasies was already such a dirty thing, but that was all in his head. Touching himself here, sitting no more than a meter away, eating lunch together, it was real. Tangible. At any moment, John could notice the odd movement of his right hand, could call him out on only eating with his left. The thought of being caught sent a surge of heat down his stomach. He was grateful for the large shirt he was wearing, pooling up in places and hiding the movements of his hand on his cleft. John finished his meal, taking his dishes to the sink, talking about his upcoming shifts at the surgery. With his back turned and the water running in the sink, Sherlock grew a bit braver. He maneuvered his waistband so that his arse and cunt were exposed, but it still looked like they were on all the way. He shifted his dressing gown so that it covered his now bare arse from John’s view. Sherlock turned his head to look at John, who was also dressed in his pjs, consisting of loose shorts, with obviously no pants, and a nice fitting v neck t-shirt. Sherlock quickly wolfed down the other half of his sandwich, lifting his mug of soup to his lips. He played with the rim of the mug in his mouth, stroking his cock under the table.
He didn't even work through what was happening with Harry, because that had been around the time she had come out as a lesbian to their parents. She was too busy sneaking out and partying to care about her younger sister, only 11 years old, being told to sort things she wanted to keep in one box and things she wanted to get rid of in another. And John hadn't wanted to get rid of anything. He loved all of his toys. He didn't have many, only about 20 or so stuffies. They were all soft, and they had sparkly glass eyes. They didn't tell lies, they only listened. But he was told he was only allowed to keep ten. It was heart breaking to him. These were his best friends. How could he choose which ones he didn't want, and which he liked more than the others? In the end, Mum had chosen for him. And he was devastated when she chose all the wrong ones. Because one, that meant that his favorites were now donated or sold and he would never see them again, and two, he realized he had favorites, when he had thought he loved all of them equally.
“Jesus, where do you sleep?” John turned and asked, realizing there wasn't even a bed amongst the clutter. Sherlock beamed at him, probably deducing that John was impressed. He pointed up to the back wall where John noticed a ladder on the wall and followed it up to a loft that was walled off from the rest of the room.
“Didn't think that was a big deal.” He replied, a slight gravel to his tone, making Sherlock flush, imagining what possibly could have gone on last night to make John’s voice so husky.
willing to just dish out a free desert."
They sat in silence for a few minutes before Sherlock flopped onto his back, throwing his legs over John's lap while exclaiming:
“Oh for sure.” He chortled. They stood in silence for a few minutes, gazing about the dead grass in John’s paltry back yard. John sighed and motioned for Sherlock to take a seat on the swinging chair. It was more of a love seat, two cushions with tattered fabric covers, connected to a rusty spring that allowed the users to kick their feet and “glide” back and forth. After a few terrifying screeches they mutually agreed just to sit. Sherlock pulled a pack of cigarettes out of one of his many pockets, silently asking John if it was alright. After a small nod, he lit up and sat back.
“The best way to learn about new medicine, is to follow it back to its roots. Did you know that the pain relieving agent in paracetamol is naturally found in cacti? They discovered it in Arizona in the 1700’s.” John had three stories to go along with each display. Sherlock smiled at him.
“Admit it, you couldn’t care less about how they carry the force of over 6 metric tons, you just like them because they’re fuzzy!” Sherlock exclaimed.  John pouted.
“Shite.” he cursed and quickened his pace. Sherlock was standing outside in all his punk glory, with a half smoked cigarette pinched between his lips while he typed furiously away at his phone. John stood there for a few moments, before clearing his throat. The taller boy jumped, almost dropping his phone, before grinning at him.
“I’ll admit, when they mentioned a home study, I started acting out more so that they would seriously consider it. That place sucked the souls out of students.” He shivered. John rolled his eyes. They were quite for a few more minutes. Sherlock had stopped spinning, his stomach wasn’t too happy about the constant movement. John had laid his head down on the bed and his breathing had slowed.
“Oh come off it. You said it yourself, your brother helped you get hormones when you were 13. How can he be your mortal enemy when he helped you get that?” John tried not to let the jealousy edge into his voice.
“The blue one.” He muttered, looking at the belts in Sherlock’s hands. The boy looked up at him quizzically. “It will compliment your eyes.” He explained, taking the silver studded one out of the other boys hands. Sherlock rolled his eyes at him, but silently agreed and put the belt on.
“Oh.” He said softly. “That’s fine, John. I just didn’t think about that.” John nodded, still looking into his lap. Sherlock cleared his throat.
"It happens all the time, It's fine." Sherlock clenched his hands on the table.
That was it. That’s what drew in the tall boys attention. The slight dip under the shirt in the shoulders, the line at the base of the neck under the collar, the clothes on general. Not boys clothes. The deducing had started.
“Of course you were.” John scoffed. The museum was small and locally run. They were donation based, so both boys threw in a couple of pounds and meandered around inside. After about an hour of the general history, Sherlock got bored and sought out the more in depth and “not boring” exhibits. Soon enough, they found their way to the small theater just a few minutes before the movie started. There was no one else in the theater, so they chose seats in the middle. The film was something about the ice age. John found the bit about wooly mammoths to be particularly intriguing. Sherlock snickered at him, claiming he only found it interesting because they were giant fuzzy elephants and John was going nuts over how cute they were. The movie ended with the boys quietly giggling at each other and John blushing like mad up to his ears.
The thought sparked concern, John had only seen a depressed Sherlock after Irene had passed. But that was nothing like this. Those were danger days, where John worried he might turn to substance. But this past week held a different shade. Black days, almost. John shook his head, brow wrinkled, then pushed off the sink and went to his room. He fell into his nightly routine, no matter how exhausted he was, it was like he didn’t get a good night’s rest if he skipped it. As he laid down with the lights off, his mind wandered to his date. He’d been feeling restless, his type in women sometimes just didn’t get the edge he needed. So he logged onto a cruising site and set up an “appointment”. He’d gone to the man’s house after his shift, they had a few beers, watched a film, then a hand found its way into John’s pants and the night had gone from there. The man was very lithe, John had fun putting him into multiple positions, and boy had that scratched the itch. John was pleasantly worn out from his excursion, but his mind was still racing. His body had been satiated, but it wasn’t enough sometimes. That was the only drawback from hookups like these. John sighed, closing his eyes and rolling over. He was determined to fall asleep before his alarm went off at 7.
“You’re mother coming ‘round?” Myrial asked. Sherlock gave her a funny look.
“You have a butler too?” John asked before climbing after him. Sherlock started laughing.
“Thank you, I chose it.” Sherlock said to John’s mother, a slight sneer forming on his lips. His mother hummed without comprehending and backed away with a stumble.
"Yes, why?"
"And for you, miss?" They both flinched.
"What?"
“Sherlock, you didn't tell me you lived in a bloody mansion!” He exclaimed, looking down at his ratty christmas sweater under his stained, hand me down coat, and his too long jeans that he had walked holes into. “I’m underdressed..” Sherlock snickered and gestured to what he was wearing. His facial piercings had green and red balls on the ends instead of their traditional silver, and his gauges were replaced with sparkly christmas trees and he had dangling ornament earrings hanging beneath them. Underneath his traditional black trench coat with chains, is a black shirt with a skull wrapped in christmas lights on it, followed by black ripped jeans and combat boots.
Sherlock relaxed instantly, if only slightly. John nuzzled into his hair.
“Damn…” She whispered under her breath.
“I dunno. Seems kind of childish to focus so much anger onto someone who helped you through a really hard time in your life.” He bit back.
“Woah…” He muttered, slowly walking into the room and stepping over articles of clothing. There were tall bookshelves lining the walls high into the vaulted ceiling, filled with science books and several complete encyclopedias from different years. There were charts and medical maps on the walls and he thought he spotted a few x-rays clipped to a makeshift light board hung on the wall as well.
“Oh come off it, you’re not the only one.” John tells him with a blush of his own. At first, Sherlock is a bit miffed that John would be so cocky about other people fantasizing about him, but then he remembered the size and girth of John’s massive fucking cock, and he understands. But then.. That’s not what he meant, judging by his shy expression and the way he avoided eye contact.
“M’ning, love.” He replied softly. Sherlock hummed, then took a bracing breath before detangling himself from John and stretching out his long limbs, arching his back beautifully. John stroked his fingers down Sherlock’s sternum as he stretched. He wasn’t able to stop himself from squeezing the slander mans swollen, pink nipples, causing the man to let out a soft moan. He settled back into the covers and looked over to John shyly through his hair. The older man smiled at him, rolling onto his side and brushing the thick black curls out of his face. He leaned forward and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s lips before settling down a few inches away, one hand thumbing at his nipple.
"And?"
“Yeah, well, with that horrid case behind us, I figured we could use a little treat.” He’d made them grilled cheese with tomato soup, even sprinkled a little dried parsley over the top. Sherlock sat down, pulling his feet up onto his chair, hugging his knees to his chest.
Dressed in a loose jumper and jim jam bottoms, John wandered down stairs to see Harry and Sherlock having a staring match in the living room. Well, Harry was staring at him, while he was taking in the (rather bland) decor of the room. He cleared his throat, making Harry look over to him.
"Potential colleges should know the worst about each other, shouldn't they?" John just stared at him for a few moments.
John walked in at 5:06 in the morning to Sherlock staring bent necked into the trash can, trembling slightly. He called out in a soft worried tone, but Sherlock didn’t make any notion that he’d heard him. John shrugged off his jacket and toed off his shoes, walking slowly over to Sherlock. He spoke again, a few feet away, but again, Sherlock didn’t acknowledge. John reached out slowly and placed a hand on the man’s shoulder, seeming to push him back into his body. His head snapped over to look at John, who immediately noticed how tired he looked.
“Jane!” A had gripped his shoulder, preventing him from going any further. The shout woke his mother on the couch, making her notice her husband was home and wipe her lipstick off her mouth, causing it to smear.
John took a deep breath , held it, and let it out in a sigh.
Sherlock has a thing for being naughty in public, I wonder what will come of it?
“Yes Mummy, this is John, John, that's my mum. We’ll be in my room until dinner, don’t disturb us please.” John shot the woman an apologetic smile and a wave whilst her son hurried them up the grand staircase that split off into two (as all fancy estates had). Sherlock veered to the right and took them down a long corridor with several wooden doors, which looked almost as expensive as John’s house itself, until they got to the very end. Sherlock hesitated before opening the door for a few seconds, and then turned to John.
"Fine then, what do you normally do in your free time?" Sherlock tensed just slightly and took a few seconds to reply.
The doorbell rang and he jumped up to grab his coat, slipping the gift into his pocket, then ran down stairs.
"It's your second choice, a close second, but still second. You will always go for the shellfish option, someone in your family is allergic, aren't they? And because you really can't get decent shellfish at a "lower class" restaurant, you don't get it that often, but it's your favorite."
“You’re name is the one I gave you. Children do not choose their names, their parents do. Stop pretending you’re a boy and do. As.
.” His voice was low and even, but said with the same intensity as if he were shouting. John’s eyes flinched, his throat was thick.
“So my girl, are you dear William’s sweetheart? Should we be expecting a happy announcement soon?” John stammered at the suggestion that he and Sherlock were together, but the taller boy spoke before he could think of a sentence to form.
“I had quite literally forgotten all about it, but no I’m not mad. We come from different cultures, there are going to be some social and emotional things that we deal with differently. You and your brother see hormones as an obvious medication, just as someone would treat a cold, or an infection. But, you have to understand my side, at least a little.” Sherlock nodded. “You see, my family and my culture, they think that the correct medicine for transgender people is electro shock therapy. I’m not saying it's right, that's just how it is. So for someone to break out of that mould and offer aid to someone like us, it is an emotional thing. And I would form an emotional bond with that person. I would never be able to think of them as an “enemy” unless they did something to specifically hurt me or the people I care about. Because giving a trans person hormones is not a logical thing where I was raised.” Sherlock nodded, brow furrowed.
“John.” He sighed softly, content. John’s hand gently rested on Sherlock’s shoulder, testing the contact. The sleeping man let a lazy smile spread across his face, and John couldn’t help but rub at Sherlock’s dimple with his thumb. Sherlock settled, and John watched him closely as he slid his fingers into the younger man’s curls. Sherlock sighed again, his brows knitting together in a slight crease.
"What?"
“No, no,” Sherlock started, coming out of his haze. “It’s.. Fine. That's just.. Not what people normally say.” He leaned back against the booth, mimicking John’s posture. John looked up shyly, the pink stripe of his hair clashing with the blue grey eyes in a striking way.
“I do.” He was quiet, looking up at a timeline of stethoscopes.
"Of course I'm serious." His voice was tight. He walked over to a park bench a few feet away and sat on the edge of it. Hunched. John cautiously walked over and sat next to him.
“I like helping people.” He stated simply. Myrial nodded and then looked to Sherlock.
“Am I safe to assume your thoughts about me were less so?” He asked. Sherlock pulled the fabric of his dressing gown into his mouth and chewed on it for a few moments.
“Well it's too late for that, you berk.” He shoved Sherlock in the shoulder causing him to fall off the bed. Sherlock grabbed him by the ankle and yanked him down onto the carpet with him, tackling him.
John flushed scarlet.
“Figured out… what, exactly?” John prompted. Sherlock sighed.
Sherlock cleared his breath and looked awkwardly at his shoes.
Sherlock rolled over and stared at his toast. He knew John may bisexual. John had talked about his time in the army and had hinted at it a few times. Sherlock had caught his lingering glances at other men, even Sherlock himself sometimes. It made sense, the leather jacket as opposed to the fleece, the stronger application of cologne. The realization was like a stone in Sherlock’s stomach. He sat up slowly, his eyes never leaving the toast wrapped up on the table. He reached out with shaking fingers and brushed the paper. The moisture from the warm toast had been absorbed into the paper towel, and the feeling of it made Sherlock’s stomach heave. He threw his hands over his mouth, squinting his eyes shut, breathing hard through his nose until the feeling of nausea faded. He opened his eyes and stared helplessly at the toast. With one hand kept over his mouth, just in case, even though his stomach was empty, he shook his dressing gown sleeve down over his hand and gingerly picked up the toast. He stood slowly, moving towards the kitchen, and threw the toast in the bin. He dropped his hands to his sides and stared at the binned toast, its neat wrapping now frumpled and scattered with coffee grounds. He tilted his head at the bin, not noticing the front door opening behind him.
A) Shaved bare
"I'm sorry." John looked up at Sherlock, he hadn't been expecting the other boy to speak.
“Caught that did you?” His voice was low. “My whole family used to call me Will, even before I told anyone I was trans. It’s short for Willow, which was my first given name. When I came out and told my parents the name I had chosen for myself, William Sherlock Scott Holmes, my father laughed and said: ‘It’s a good thing we already call you Will.’ But then I told them I would be going by Sherlock, and that Will would remind me of being a girl too much and I would rather them not call me that. So of course my mother insisted on calling me Will. Because she knows it hurts me.” John looked at his lap in concern.
“You are a twat.” John grumbled, then they both broke out into a fit of giggles.
Long awaited smut for the next probably four chapters
“Yeah?” he asked, brushing Sherlock’s hair out of his face and behind his ear, letting his fingers trace the outer shell of it. Sherlock nuzzled into his thigh, bringing up his hand to rest on the leg as well.
“His name is John, Myrial, and he’s my best friend.” He spoke boldly, staring directly at his mother, almost daring her to challenge him. Her smile tightened and she gripped her knife a bit tighter. Myrial squinted at John and adjusted her glasses on her nose.
“I’m sorry, are you-” He stopped, looking down at his socks, a flush overtaking his face. “Are you doing that on purpose?” He asked, finally looking Sherlock in the eyes. Sherlock feigned ignorance.
They ended up walking for about ten minutes before John's stomach remembered he hadn't eaten anything yet today, and started protesting loudly. He blushed when Sherlock took a sharp turn, leading them down a street lined with shops and deli's.
“John my boy, I’m old, not prude. I know what piss means!” The whole table was shocked for about two seconds, before the three Holmes men burst into laughter followed by several staff members. Lydia’s face turned an ugly purple with how strained she was to keep the pleasant smile on her face, though it more looked like a tight line than a smile now. John turned beet red and looked down at his plate, laughing slightly. It was odd to see Mycroft laughing so heartily, even in the brief time John had known him, he’s gotten the inkling that Mycroft was a very serious man. After the laughter died down, everyone began to chatter amongst themselves again, but Mycroft directed his attention towards John.
“It's the family car. I prefer to use my own means of transportation, but it's a Holiday.”
"Are you ready to order?" Sherlock swiftly told the waiter his order, and told him to halve it. They both looked to John.
John's walk stuttered and he fell behind a few paces, until he just completely stopped walking. Sherlock sighed and stopped as well, turning to face John but not moving to stand next to him. He appeared to be re-evaluating him, trying to see the dead beat junkie underneath the coat and the personality. Sherlock was surprised when John uttered a short laugh.
“I, uh, yeah I did.” He said sheepishly, scratching the back of his head, glancing back at Sherlock with a question in his gaze.
“The museum? I don’t see why you would want to go to the museum. There are no new exhibits that you would be interested in.” He raised a brow at Sherlock who was throwing on a
“Janey, Janey, Janey…” The bully taunted. “Don’t you know it's rude to ignore people?” Sherlock half expected him to ignore the person breathing on his face, and half expected him to start crying or sniveling. But he was pleasantly surprised when he matched the bullys glare with one of his own.
He pulled his shirt over his head carefully and looked down to examine the damage. It had rolled into a tight coil underneath his breasts, his nipples were red and raw and the metal clasp had left a scratch from under his armpit to the edge of the bandage. He pulled the clasp off and the coiled cloth immediately unwound, leaving his skin burning slightly from the sudden rush of blood to his nerve endings. He bit his lip and unwound the rest of it, throwing it in a crumpled pile to the floor. There was a deep bruise circling the middle of his ribs, he was sure it went all the way round to his back. It was darkest on his sides, where his lungs had tried to expand but couldn’t. It looked like he had been strung up to a tree under his breasts and left there for a week.
“I… I need to be sure.” He sounded so small, like asking John to say it was going to make him run for the hills. Then John noticed he was trembling slightly.
"Haha, of course 'Lock." They started giggling. After a spout of childish laughter, Sherlock looked up at him.
“Oh look who it is, guys!” Sherlock looked up to see a gaggle of teenagers sneering in the boy’s direction. But the boy didn’t look up, he had music blaring in his ears.
"And for you, miss?" John swallowed. Sherlock's eyes cut into him.
“I didn’t…. I didn’t get you anything.” Sherlock looked down into his lap dejectedly. John laughed.
“Does he talk?” John asked. The taller boy started giggling.
“That's not what I was insinuating John. I’m not trying to attack you.” Sherlock said quietly, turning to face him, trying to look into his eyes. “I swear.” John glanced over to him and shrugged. Just as he was about to speak, the door opened.
“Oh did you now?” She tried to wink, but it just looked like she was having a facial spasm.
“Sorry?” He asked, proud of how unwavered his voice was.
“What specifically.” Sherlock already knew the answer, but he wanted to hear John talk about it. He wanted to know everything about the smaller boy in front of him. But John just shrugged.
“ ‘s not.” Sherlock shook his head, looking at the ground.
“Well you don’t expect all of my clothes to fit up there do you? Besides it's easier to throw them down here when I take them off rather than lug a basket full of clothes down the ladder. It's more efficient that way.” Sherlock sniffed, walking past him and towards the ladder. “You can put your coat wherever.” John discarded it on the floor near the door and followed him to the ladder.
“So what is it you want to study, lad?” She asked kindly. John cleared his throat and met her eyes.
“No, that's just Mycroft.” John looked at the door from his angle at the curtain and saw a pudgy 20 something man dressed in a sharp looking suit with a christmas themed bow tie. He raised a brow at John, who blushed and focused on crawling down the ladder. They made their way around the various experiments and towards the door, where Mycroft stood holding it open. The boys walked past him, Sherlock still snickering at the butler comment. They started back towards the stairs and Mycroft leaned over to whisper to John.
“Right.” he opened the door and Sherlock walked past him, his hand trailing down John’s arm as he crossed the threshold. John let out a breath and shut the door after him. He glanced over at his mother on the couch and sighed. He walked over and grabbed the wine glass from her hand, then the bottle off the table. A nightly routine that saddened him increasingly more every night. He father would be home soon, and dinner wasn’t on the table. That meant John either had to make something fast or suffer through a screaming match until someone starting throwing bottles.
Love~
"Of course not."
“Please John, please. I want to have you in my mouth. I want to taste you, I want your cum on my tongue and clogging up my throat. I want to choke on it because I know I can’t get it all the way down, but I want to learn how. I want you to fuck my throat until my lips touch the base, no matter how much I struggle and gag. I want you to keep fucking my throat even if I puke on it, even if I make a mess.” Sherlock whimpered, two fingers having found their way into his hole without him realizing it.
“I’m gonna go take care of the kitchen, you just sit here for a while.” John told him. Sherlock gave a soft hum and closed his eyes, a sleepy smile on his lips.
“Christ Sherlock! Don’t you know not to barge into people’s rooms without knocking‽” John was breathing hard, that scared the hell out of him.
“I-I didn’t mean to upset you, John. Don’t misunderstand, I am eternally grateful for how much he helped me and continues to do so, it's just… We aren’t close. Its different for us. We’re different. It's just how we work. Him getting me hormones inst a bonding exercise, just like giving an injured person a bandage isn't and emotional thing. It’s just common sense to us. Give medicine to the sick.” John shrugged and Sherlock gave him a pained look. They sat in silence for a few moments before Sherlock bumped the smaller boy with his shoulder.
“Seriously? I made you cum four times.” He remarked. Sherlock hid his face in his knees and shrugged, pushing around the meat on his plate with his fork. John humed and speared his egg yolk, watching the yellow ooze out before dipping his toast into it.
Sherlock and John wake up together the next morning. Over breakfast, Sherlock gets nervous and finally asks about he and John's relationship. John admits that he's in love with Sherlock, and they begin the conversation of the relationship boundaries. John is cute and domestic and makes breakfast, but of course, they don't really eat because Sherlock is sinful and John cant keep his hands off of him. A messy blowjob ensues that gives Sherlock his first taste of subspace. After a mindblowing orgasm, John cleans Sherlock up and draws him a bath, they spend the rest of the evening nesting on the sofa.
“Fine, but only until you finish that.” He nodded towards the cigarette. Sherlock’s body seemed to wiggle slightly with happiness, making John’s stomach flutter around a bit.
“Yes?” He rasped. John tugged lightly at his hair, which was still clasped between his fingers, making the other boy let out a soft hiss.
“What really happened, was we were on the train, and these blokes from my school started to bother me, and it got physical. Then Sherlock like, out of the blue pinned the one guy up against the wall and he was so scared he was about to pis- I mean uh-” Myrial laughed a merry sound.
“You wanted to make a mess, love. So make a fucking mess.” John growled, then squeezed on Sherlock’s throat in hard pulses, jabbing his length as deep and brutal as he could. Then he felt it, a new pressure against his cock head. Sherlock felt like he was dying. The urge to vomit around the cock in his throat finally couldn’t be ignored. John yanked his cock out and watched as a torrent of vomit spilled past Sherlock’s pretty lips and dripped down his body. Sherlock sobbed and gasped, tears streaming down his face. John wasted no time in repeating the action, this time not pulling out when he felt the puke pressing against his cock. He thrust past it and moaned when it bubbled past his cock and over Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock was convulsing between him, his body twitching and writhing, hips canting towards the floor trying to stimulate his neglected cunt, but his hands stayed clasped together behind his back.
"It's fine, easy mistake." The waiter nodded and made an awkward retreat.
"No, it's fine, really." John assured. "It was good to actually tell someone. Even Harry didn't really talk to me. She was too busy with herself to care I guess. It's nice to talk to someone..." Sherlock gave a sort of grimacing smile.
"Wait, what?" John looked at him like he'd grown a second head. Sherlock furrowed his brows.
“Good. Fucking. Boy.” John grunted and pressed his cock seemingly impossibly deep, and it was forced out by a wave of puke. John didn’t let him recover before pushing his cock all the way back down and marveling as he felt Sherlock’s mucky chin on his balls. Sherlock panicked slightly when he opened his eyes and saw how close the base of John’s dick was to his lips. Even though he could taste his own bile on John’s flesh, he worked his tongue against the underside of his shaft. He let John fuck his throat for a few minutes, pulling all the way out before shoving it back in. Sherlock took it, coughing up throat slime and what little food was left in his stomach over his massive cock. Finally, John cursed and pushed the last few centimeters down, and came. Sherlock puked out of his nose and really couldn't breathe, but John was cumming, and he could take it. He would take it. And he did. John’s cock reached new depths and he brutally fucked Sherlock’s throat through his orgasm, loving the desperate and scared noised the younger man made as he suffocated on vomit and gagged on his prick. When John finally yanked his cock out of Sherlock’s throat, the man couldn’t stop retching. He broke his pose and spewed all over John’s cock, himself, and the floor. He spent several minutes with his eyes closed, gasping and catching his breath. When he came back to himself, John was wiping off his face with a napkin and petting his hair, speaking low soothing words, his puked on briefs laying in the puddle.
“No need to apologise, John. I mean, can you blame her? I’m quite irresistible.” Sherlock bat his lashes at John, making the younger boy snicker
“Okay, where to now?” He asked, looking over his shoulder at Sherlock who was…
“Sherlock~” She purred. “My thats a wonderful name. Very exotic.” She was practically on top of him. John flushed in embarrassment. He’d forgotten to tell Sherlock how utterly desperate his mother was, however he probably deduced it the moment they stepped in the door.
“You should probably get going. My dad will be home soon, he’s worse than my mother.” Sherlock smirked.
“I was just imagining you as a cat.” The taller boys brow furrowed against his and John laughed.
“Admit it!” Sherlock playfully grabbed him by the shoulders and stared into his eyes with mock intensity. They stared at each other for a few moments before they both burst out giggling. John doubled over and wiped a tear from his eye.
“You want me to make you puke on my cock, Sherlock?” John asked breathlessly.
But that made the tears slip out. He never was good for self pep talks. He shook his head and sat up, looking around his small room. Meek. Unimpressive. Small. Just like him. He sighed and reached down to grab his bag, wincing as the edge of the bandage cut into his skin.
“What’s the difference?” He asked dryly, not meeting Sherlock's eyes and glaring at the table in between them.
He jumped as the toaster popped, then cracked his neck as he stood to grab it. He pulled out the toast and put it on a napkin, taking his time to methodically smear the butter in a neat pattern across the surface of the bread. His stomach gave a heavy gurgle, and a shot of reflux bit at his throat. With a sigh, he opened the cabinet to his left to grab the peanut butter. He curled his toes under his feet restlessly as he added the peanut butter to his toast, putting the two slices together, folding the paper towel around it, making sure each side was symmetrical. He rinsed off his knife meticulously under a small stream of hot water, watching in dull fascination as the water ate underneath the food and dragged it down to the drain. When the knife was clean, he placed it back in the drawer and put all the things back neatly, wiping the counter.
“You look lovely.” John found himself blurting, accidentally cutting her off as she went on about the desserts. She looked up at him, startled, and he was gratified to see a bright smattering of pink dusting her cheeks.
Sherlock lifted his head up and checked up on how the others were doing. Anderson was back to looking a bit woozy although not as bad as when the snipers were aiming at him, Sally still looked well held together although there was a flash of what looked like guilt pass through her face as her and Sherlock made eye contact, Lestrade had his fists tightly clenched and seemed to be barely holding himself together and John hurt to look at the most. His eyes looked to be filling up with tears that he was desperately trying to keep at bay and he was no longer thrashing around just making pained noises of protest. The blonde man was staring at the brunette pleadingly, although Sherlock wasn’t quite sure why and he couldn’t hold his stare long enough to figure it out before he heard another snap of fingers and was forced to give his attention back to Moriarty. The shorter man was now back to brandishing the knife and was biting his lip with glee.
He is dead, and dead people don’t just come back. They just don’t.
“I thought so, yeah. But I suppose I was wrong, wasn’t I? Because if I did he wouldn’t have ended up with his head smashed in, would he?” His voice was bitter and hostile. Full of all the self-loathing he had been marinating in since Sherlock had left him.
“Why are you so scared of letting go John? What are you clinging to?”
and doesn’t at all mind when he feels his cock twitch.
For a moment, he felt caught. Like a rangy teen caught wanking in his room by his mother. He felt his face flush and renewed shame fill him up so quick he forgot about his new found rule of not answering the phone and dove to the other side of the sofa to grab the blaring device. Though, just before he grabbed it he remembered just in time that his hand was currently coated in his quickly cooling cum.
“Sorry?” Suddenly Mindy seems startled, like she’s accidentally said something she shouldn’t have.
I dropped this story for a while because I found myself losing the direction on it I had originally set out with. I am currently in the process of revising and editing it so it better reflects what I was trying to present the first time around.
“Yeah, okay. Thanks, Sarah.”
“John…” She began. “I’m not here to get an apology. I’m here to give one.” With how horrible she looks John’s not surprised, after spending so much time in it’s company John knows what guilt induced misery looks like, and Mindy was a walking billboard for it.
He text’s Mindy, a simple message inviting her to dinner and drinks on him. Her answer comes quick, and it doesn’t take five minutes before the two of them have chosen a restaurant and time to meet up. Johns puts down the phone and grins. Everything always seemed so simple with Mindy. No fussing or twiddling around and John appreciated that.
“Eithers fine,” he probably wouldn’t answer her either way. Answering text messages or phone calls felt like a catastrophic amount of effort lately.
“Yes. I was.” They both fell into silence, John taking in Sherlocks answer and Sherlock cataloguing John’s reaction to it. John had done an impressive job of keeping a pokerface. He looked deep in thought and outwardly stoic but Sherlock had dedicated more time than he would ever admit to cataloguing all of John’s many facial expressions and emotional tells. Under the stoic façade John looked vulnerable.
John smiled slightly at the memory, though he was sure it came out as more of a grimace.
“Why does everyone keep saying that?” This was a good choice of words he decided, seeing as John’s fist and jaw unclenched and instead he looked more confused than angry.
“Goodnight, John.” She says as she pulls away, still smiling sadly. “We’ll talk later, okay?” He nods again, feeling every bit the idiot anyone has ever told him he’s been (which after living with Sherlock had happened near
He got a few other visitors as well. Molly, Mrs. Hudson (who brought Sherlock’s favourite cream puffs from Speedy’s and spent the whole time fawning over him which he would never admit he actually enjoyed) and Mycroft. His brother had only stopped by once on the second day he was in hospital to deliver some of his things and check on the progress of everything.
“I look forward to seeing you again, John Watson.” She pulls away and without looking at him again goes to leave. After he watches her walk away and starts making the trek back to Baker Street he feels light in a way he hasn’t felt in four and a half months.
“When he… God. When he told you to do that to yourself,” he gestured frantically towards Sherlocks bandage covered hands and place his head into his open palms. “It should have been me to do that. I should have gotten hurt, not you. You had already done so much. You were already so hurt. I’m a cop, Sherlock! My job is to protect people and when it came down to it all I did was watch. I failed you and I’m… I’m sorry.”
And John would, because Sherlock would never steer him wrong. John copied his fantasy self and pressed his middle finger that wasn’t wrapped tight around his cock, right into the soft flesh of his perineum and gave it a little wiggle. All at once stars explode behind his eyes and he has to bite his lip to keep the sounds in.
John doesn’t sleep for more then two hours that night before waking up in a cold sweat, his mouth open in a silent scream and his whole body shaking with tremors. His dream had been different this time. He had been on the roof with Sherlock, but instead of helping him or apologizing he had been yelling at him. He’d sneered at the younger man, calling him a machine, a freak, a monster and Sherlock had just stood there, taking it. Than all of a sudden John took a great big step forward and as Sherlock spoke the words ‘good-bye John,” John himself had been the one to shove him off the roof. He felt sick. Sick and shaky and exhausted yet painfully awake. He knew he wasn’t going to be able to fall back asleep tonight, so instead of lying there he stood up and moved out of his room. He considered taking a shower to wash the sweat and smell of fear off him but decided against it. Right now he just needed to forget. So instead, he went into Sherlock’s room grabbed a shirt and a bottle of whiskey from the kitchen and made his way to the sofa to set up shop for the remainder of the night. He made himself comfortable on the couch, covering himself with a blanket and holding Sherlock’s shirt and the whiskey bottle close to his chest. Flicking on the telly and finding an old episode of
His heart was fluttering.
“I—well.” He takes a sip of his water with Mindy staring at him curiously, a bit of confused concern reappearing in her face. “My flatmate. He, um. He…” How does he describe it? Passed away? No, that’s far too calm to describe it. Too peaceful. He supposes he may as well just be blunt. “He died a few months ago.” A soft gasp from Mindy. “I suppose I just haven’t been able to get back in the swing of things…” He trails off poking further at his already melting, runny ice cream.
He was high functioning, that’s undeniable but it was always noticeable. He was always just that little bit
“It’s different.”
“John… I,” he pauses trying to delay the inevitable. “I understand if you want to move out.” Silence rings for,
Though medical touches aside, it seemed as if they were always finding excuses to touch each other. If John were passing Sherlock something their fingers would touch and they would both let their skin linger against the others just a tad too long to be considered usual. When talking John would randomly reach out and take a hold of Sherlocks hand, his thumb gently caressing the skin on the back of his hand just as he had done the first night. Sometimes John would be sitting beside him reading and a strand of blonde hair would fall out of place and bother Sherlock until the brunette would eventually decide to just reach out and brush it back, which would usually leave John looking up at him and giving him a small, fond smile. These sort of lingering touches happened occasionally at Baker Street but something about the hospital seemed to make them increase rather significantly
Somehow, he doesn’t feel as lucky as he knows he should.
Moriarty leaving the room, walking slowly, antagonizing them to the last
.” The words sounded ridiculous coming out of John’s mouth. Of course he could have done what Sherlock did. John was the most selfless, kind man John had ever had the good fortune of knowing. If he could do it John most certainly could have, he would’ve no doubt done it
John had just come to the realization that he loved Sherlock, he wasn’t sure if he was ready to face the fact that dreaming about his dead friend had brought his cock back to full health as well. He hears a chuckle fill the room and belatedly realizes it’s coming from his own mouth. Leave it to Sherlock Holmes to continue healing him even from beyond the grave. As glad as he was to see his penis back in working order it still felt… wrong somehow. Surely dreaming about your recently passed friend and getting a hard on from it is a no go?
“Ouch. You got me there! What smarty you are. I’m so glad the MET is recruiting people with your outstanding intelligence Ms. Donovan. Now if all you little pets are done barking and whinging I’d truly love to carry on.”
“Sherlock? You awake?” He turned his head a bit to the side to properly look at Greg seated next to him. The detective inspector looked worn and exhausted. He had clearly just been nodding off and was looking at Sherlock through bleary eyes. He still had blood splashed across the front of his shirt from when he’d dragged Sherlock out of the warehouse earlier. He lifted his hands up to try and rub the bleariness out of his own eyes but his progress was halted by Lestrade’s rough hand wrapping around his wrist and gently bringing it back down to the bed. “Probably not the best idea,” he nodded towards Sherlocks bandaged hands. “They wrapped you up to make sure your nails didn’t get infected. Said it was important not to do anything that could tear them back open.” Sherlock was already beginning to feel annoyed at the inconvenience of not being able to use his body efficiently but reluctantly relented and went back to blinking.
After the shirt was safely in the washing machine and the cycle was on he heaved a sigh and took a moment to get his head together. It was 10AM and he was meeting Lestrade at 7PM. That left him with nine whole hours to get his shit together.
“John, if anything our ‘give and take’ balance would be leaning rather heavily in your favour-“
“Good. Things have been good.” He lied without thinking. John shakes his head. That isn’t right. “Well, actually, things have been pretty rough.” It still seems like an understatement but he doesn’t need to divulge any more than that. That’s not what this phone call was about. “I think I’m getting cabin fever, actually. And I’m getting short on cash. I was calling to see if my position as a GP is still open or not?” Sarah sighs, loud and relieved and John feels his whole body ease, any doubts in his mind now put to rest.
“I, well, I don’t normally do this. Approaching guys I don’t know I mean, but I felt like I would have regretted it if I didn’t say something to you.” John wasn’t really sure what to say to that, so he just said nothing and let her continue on after a short and slightly awkward pause. “It’s just that, you’re exactly my type and I was wondering if you’d like to grab dinner sometime?” John felt himself lost for words yet again. It’s not like he’d never gotten chatted up before – though maybe not this directly – and she seemed like a very sweet and lovely girl but the thought of dating again held no appeal. Though she was still giving him that innocent and hopeful smile and as he looked closer he could see that her hand resting on her leg was trembling slightly and her smile seemed a tad shaky as well.
He picks it up. Feels the familiar weight sitting in his hand. Runs his hands over the metal. Smells the gun powder clinging to the steel. He inhales, breathes it in. He wants to absorb it. All of it. The gun powder, the danger, the bullets. He remembers holding this gun everyday in Afghanistan. He would take it apart, clean it and then put it all back together again. He would always feel more put together himself after handling the gun. He looks over it, the sweaty grip smudged with dirt and the worn trigger. It could use a cleaning, he thinks.
“I’m fine. It’s fine. Lestrade already informed me about what the doctors said.”
“Yeah, sure Greg. Thanks.” John smiled weakly at Lestrade.
anymore, and after that session with Ella he suspected he would never be able to say that again.
True to his word, a non-descript black car pulled up outside of the hospital just as John was done signing all the papers for Sherlock’s early release and handed them over to the silently disapproving nurse. All they had to take home with them were two small bags of clothes and a few other belongings such as books which fit easily into the car and after John helped Sherlock into the back seat they took off for Baker Street a whole week earlier than planned. Sherlock felt like he was breathing easier for the first time since Moriarty had had him shoved into the back of a van.
“I have met someone actually.” He doesn’t quite know whether to be amused or insulted by Mrs. Hudson’s look of complete shock.
“Really? Because that’s not what I see.”
feeling. The feeling of knowing how amazing things can be, how accepted and at home he had felt and knowing that it was never coming back.
He keeps up a steady chain of similar thoughts, vowing to be better, to do
“He always did have his moments.” John thought back to all the strange little things Sherlock had always done that seemed to show he cared. “He was never the type of person that expected to be liked and acted like a complete arse because of it. Only people that really knew him ever saw what he was really like. He was one hell of a secretive bloke.” He pauses a minute and wets his throat with his refilled glass thinking back on how little he really knew about Sherlock.
deserved to be stuck with him as a partner. He would break up with himself if he could. “But I like you a lot. You – you’ve helped me so much. Been so kind and sweet, you deserve better than me.” John stops. He planned to say more though he didn’t know exactly what yet, but the look on her face stopped him. She looked gutted. Sad. Her eyes were redder than usual and looked irritated from crying. John was more confused then ever. Even when he tried to fix things, to do everything right he still managed to fuck everything up.
“No way, not with all that blood loss. You must be feeling lightheaded enough as it is.” John did have a point. He was rather dizzy and even just standing still he could see a few stray black dots swimming around his vision and hear his blood pumping in his ears. Sherlock was nothing if not stubborn though and began to walk anyways. The first two steps were relatively fine, just a bit of swaying and nausea but on the third the black dots came back with a vengeance and completely engulfed his sight. He felt himself fall forward and tried to prepare himself for the hard fall that awaited him but two strong pairs of hands managed to grab him just in time.
“Ta, Mrs. Hudson. That sounds excellent.”
“Sorry about that.” He whispered quietly into the cup, his own voice grating on his nerves and his head hurting from the violent coughing he had done while vomiting. John and Greg’s faces looked grim and made Sherlock feel like an insect under a microscope.
Heat is flooding over John, coating his skin with slick sweat and making his blood sing. Soft lips that taste like orange are over-lapping his, occasionally emphasizing a strong suction with soft little kitten licks. John’s hands are everywhere, roaming over miles of smooth skin. His head is swimming and he can’t think, can’t do anything except
Sherlock tried not to gawk at the DI. That had not been what he was expecting and he had no clue where Lestrade had gotten such a ludicrous idea from. “Lestrade…” he started, his voice gentle and purposeful in the way he usually reserved for trauma victims and, on occasion, Mrs. Hudson. It felt strange to be talking to Lestrade like this. “It wasn’t up to Moriarty. Not really. It was my choice and you can hardly be blamed for my actions.” The DI shook his head, looking up at Sherlock with glassy eyes.
However, Sherlock Holmes was never one to hide and instead put on his most haughty face and spoke with his voice dripping disdain. To the rest of the world he would look utterly above all this.
exactly he was there. He felt a shiver go through his spine as he remembered the events that had transpired. The blowtorch, the knife, and oh god, the blowjob. He could feel bile rising in his throat, which in turn reminded him of Moriarty’s cum sliding down his throat and he had to stop thinking about this before he actually vomited. He needed to distract himself from his own thoughts and memories, his Mind Palace was currently in shambles and for once he found himself running away from his own mind instead of seeking refuge in it. He couldn’t yet open his eyes however, his whole body felt sluggish and slow including his eyelids so he put his focus on his other four senses to try and gauge what was happening around him.
“Hello.” John smiled back, still feeling a tad out of breath from his rush but starting to relax now that he was here.
“That’s great.” She leaned in slightly, looking at him with what seemed like genuine interest but was most probably just a mask she had finely honed to seem more sincere during her therapy sessions. After all the more comfortable a person was the more likely they were too spill all their deepest thoughts to you. “Where did you go?”
He looked on the floor beside his bed and saw a shattered glass with a small puddle of warm whiskey coating the shards. That would explain the noise. He must’ve dropped it in his sleep.
Taking a cab was more pain than it was worth, especially the first month or so after Sherlock was gone. Every time he would get in one he’d feel off getting in on his own. Off-balance really. Sometimes he’d even look to his side expecting to see Sherlock off in his own world, or go to say something only to realize he was all alone after all.
that he is. Instead, he heads to his bedroom and slides open his end table drawer revealing the heavy gun within.
For a moment after Sarah shuts the door, all is silent. The silence is broken by Sarah’s familiar sigh of exhaustion.
, John thought privately. He of course wouldn’t tell her that though.
He wished he could tell Sherlock everything that he missed and loved about him, say the things he had always been too afraid to say (was still afraid to say), but even more than that he wished he could take back everything he
When he calmed down his mental rage to actually focus back to the present situation he saw that Ella was smiling. Bloody fucking
the voice in his head screamed at him.
“No it’s…” He sucks in a deep breath. “You are important to
“I’ve had a wonderful night John. I’m really glad we did this.” He takes her hand in his and smiles softly.
By the time ten minutes was up he had five cuts on his left arm, some deep enough that they would require stitches, and four across his chest, the first one deeper than he had intended and the next three longer. He knew some would end up scarring and he seriously doubted that those were the only scars he was going to be getting through this ordeal. The pain was irritating but manageable. The thing that worried him more than the pain was the blood loss, he could already feel himself getting slightly woozy and he had no idea how long he would have to sit there and play the game. The last thing he needed was to pass out.
“Why not? You’ve not even met up yet so how can you know if it will work out?”
It’s dinner time in 221B and Mrs. Hudson has brought John up a plate of homemade shepherd's pie.
“I’m a journalist.” And with those three words John finally understands. He thinks of every moment since they’d met starting with the tube station. How much of that had she planned? Was their meeting even accidental or had she arranged that? John feels sick. He needs a drink.
He continued calling out but the invisible force wouldn’t relent. A sharp buzzing filled his ears, he looked around frantically to try and find the source but there was nothing around him anymore. The noise kept getting louder and louder until it seemed as if it were splitting him open.
“You’re disgusting.” Sally piped up. Ugh! Why couldn’t they all just let him get this over with quickly?! All this anticipation and waiting was making if far harder than it had to be.
Apparently all that ended up being rather useless though. The van lurched to an abrupt halt and Sherlock felt his body slam into the side of the van, his hands tied behind his back and unable to steady himself. The doors were yanked open and two set’s of strong arms pulled him out and back onto the ground. They half-dragged and half-walked him to wherever they were taking him and he felt an involuntary smile appear on his face as he noticed one was limping and the other was sniffling, no doubt trying to stop any more blood from dribbling out of his nose. Before they got to their final destination however they stopped and took a moment to place a gag in his mouth and a heavy burlap sack over his head. Sherlock nearly laughed at the cliché.
The pub was a small walk away from the tube station and John found himself enjoying the short stroll. The weather was crisp and fresh in stark contrast to the stuffiness of Baker Street. He’s also thankful for the excuse to work off some of his excess energy. It’s been a long time since he’s gone out to the pub with a mate and even though it’s just Lestrade he feels anxious nonetheless.
John would be naked save for a blind fold and Sherlock would be off to the side staring at him, observing like he always does. He would look at John and deduce his wildest fantasies. His darkest desires. If anyone would ever have been able to see that in John, it would have been Sherlock. He’d stand there watching John slowly stroke himself,
and I am entitled to feel a bit of fucking depression over that, alright? Is that okay with everyone?” He was so bloody sick of it. Of everyone telling him to just get over it, to move on, to let go. You didn’t move on from Sherlock Holmes. There was no such thing. John knew that he would always sort his life with Pre-Sherlock memories and Post-Sherlock memories, and how in the bloody sodding
“I won’t,” John shakes his head slowly. “God, I’m not going anywhere.” He crawls back onto the bed but this time he’s lying down next to Sherlock. He moves his hand off of Sherlock’s which makes the younger man nearly whine before he realizes John only moved it so he could relocate it to around his back, carefully avoiding any of the burnt or cut bits. “I’m right here. It’s okay.” He soaks up John’s comfort like a man dying of thirst and his whole body melts into Johns warm hold. They stay like this, holding each other and drifting around in their own thoughts until a nurse comes to deliver food and they reluctantly part.
“Oh, good! You’re awake,” he said quite gladly to Sherlock.
“Suicide.” It hurts to say. Mindy inhales sharply. John thinks this may be the first time he’s said that word out loud since it’s happened. It feels… Well, not good but maybe relieving in a way. “You may have seen it in the papers actually, it was, uh, rather heavily reported on.” She quirks an eyebrow at him, not quite knowing what he’s getting at until he continues. “His name was Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes.” She brings her hands to her mouth as the information seems to click in her head.
“Sometimes I feel like he’s haunting me.” The admission catches both Greg and himself by surprise. John hadn’t been able to put his feelings lately into words until just this moment. It feels good to get out. To admit that he can’t go anywhere or do anything without feeling like Sherlock’s ghost is stalking him; reminding him how empty the world really is now.
The one good thing that seemed to come out of his extended hospital stay was that he and John were getting quite a lot of alone time. John refused to go home and so the nurses had set up a cot in the room so he didn’t have to sleep on the uncomfortable chair the whole time. Of course, they always had quite a lot of alone time at Baker Street as well but things seemed different here. They had grown to have quite a bit more casual touching than they had ever taken part in back in 221B. After the first night where John had held Sherlock’s hand as he fell asleep Sherlock had woken to find John still holding him, stroking the exposed skin softly with his thumb and it never really stopped. Of course a lot of touch was necessary what with Sherlock being incapacitated and all. John would carefully place his finger tips on the small of the younger mans back when he needed help lifting his body out of bed, he helped with changing his bandages and cleaning his wounds and even shaving in place of the nurses from time to time and he had even helped Sherlock change a few times at the beginning of his stay when his fingers were still tender, sensitive and very very sore.
It was a nice thought, a damn tempting one at times, but John was never one for the easy way out. Though, just because he wasn’t going to go through with it didn’t mean he couldn’t enjoy the possibility of it. He lifted the gun up and looked it over. His eyes poured over every bump and ridge and dent memorizing it until he could picture it like the back of his hand. He raised it up until the tip was resting right against the soft flesh of his temple. His finger was brushing over the trigger as gently as he would caress a lover as he shut his eyes and imagined how it would feel to pull the trigger; to just
Usually John would take the tube home from Ella’s but this time as he stormed out of her building and down the street he ignored the underground completely in favour of walking. It was a bit of a long jaunt but he figured he could bloody well use it right now. He was fuming. He was angry and hurt and his chest was tight and his eyes prickly and hot. What was the point of therapy if you left it feeling more like shit than when you got there? And that’s really saying something considering John had been in a near constant shit mood for the past three and a half months.
John shakes his head and frowns. “No, Sherlock liked to be admired for his cleverness, sure, but he hated attention like that. Events, Holidays, get togethers. They were never his thing.”
“John really. I’m f-“
“Hey. Starting without me?” Greg greeted and raised an eyebrow at the near empty glass clutched in John’s hand.
Eventually the vomiting slowed until all Sherlock was coughing up was bitter stomach acid and even that faded until it was only dry gags that tore at his already sore throat. He stayed hunched over the bin, breathing heavily and thoroughly despising himself.
All his problems would be irrelevant. Making amends to Sarah, groveling to Mindy, forgiving Greg, getting his life in a semi-presentable state. None of that would matter. It would just be over. No more worries, no more loss, no more grief. He briefly wonders if Heaven is real; and if it is would he and Sherlock meet there?
Don’t bring up the living situation
“And yet you’d no problem doing it to yourself.”
Before he knew it he was standing in front of Baker Street, right outside of Speedy’s café. He looked through the window and saw Mrs. Hudson talking to some older bloke. John felt a small bit of relief as he stepped through the doorway to Baker Street that he wouldn’t be running into his landlady. He was exhausted and emotionally drained. He had already been so horrible to her since Sherlock had left, snapping at her or ignoring her and he couldn’t take the guilt if he lost his temper with the well-meaning woman today.
John let out a sharp hiss at first contact and threw his head back, nearly bashing it off the wall. Jesus fuck did that ever feel good. It had been so long since he had touched himself, and even longer since he’d enjoyed it that just his hand resting on his engorged shaft felt like a bloody dream. Experimentally he ran his hand down and up in one smooth movement, feeling the way the hot silky skin slid as he jerked himself off. He usually didn’t like it dry, preferring lube or even spit but right now he felt as if he were seconds away from orgasm regardless of the method. Plus, he suspected that if he moved his hand off himself long enough to wet it he may
In retrospect it was obvious how he felt about Sherlock. He should’ve realized it the first day they met when John hadn’t been able to tear his eyes away from his lips. After they had gone to dinner and John hadn’t been able to resist flirting with him. After they had raced around London only to get back to Baker Street, laughter and breathless words passed between each other until Angelo came with his ruddy cane. Sherlock had cured his depression and his limp in a single evening. Of
“I beg to differ.” They both just look at each other, not quite having anything to say and yet not ready to part.
Slowly they both go back to their earlier activities, Sherlock looking out the window and John reading his book. Though if they are both spending more time stealing glances at each other than doing much else, it remains unbeknownst to them.
the parasite. Sherlock dying had changed him, made the strong, kind John he had always known himself to be crumble and wither with grief and in that weak time a new John had grown. A monster of his former self. He didn’t know how to go back, either.
Once he get’s into the pub he makes a beeline for the bar and immediately orders a lager. The alcohol is sure to help his nerves, he thinks. He sits and takes a generous gulp of the beer before scanning the room. It’s a small cozy sort of place. Not the type of haunt that he normally finds himself visiting, which he’s thankful for. He was never the type to go clubbing or partying, save for the few crazy raves in Uni but whenever he did go out he tended to gravitate towards the more popular, well known bars. The ones he’d have no problem finding some bird to pick up. Now, looking around at the quiet atmosphere and small smattering of people clustered together absorbed in their own little worlds he knows Lestrade chose this place purposefully. And wisely. John wouldn’t have been able to handle the frantic buzz of a large crowd right now. He used to be able to find enjoyment in large crowds of alcohol flooded bodies. He would bask in the happy buzz that washed over everyone in the room and felt himself get almost as intoxicated just by the energy in the room as the alcohol flowing freely through his system. But nowadays he just found large groups of people overwhelming.
grave.” His voice cracked a bit and Ella’s professionally neutral smile turned down slightly at that.
“Well, good.” John nods. “I - thank you. For answering me honestly. And for what you did earlier. It didn’t go unappreciated. And for what it’s worth, I swear that the next time we see Moriarty I’m going to bloody
“Yeah, sure. Of course. What is it?” John asked, clearly eager to be of use.
For the first time since he had entered the restaurant he actually truly looked at her. She really was incredibly pretty. When he had first met her on the tube she’d been dressed casually, her hair pulled back and not a lot of makeup on. Now she was trying to impress. She had a short flowy turquoise sundress that complimented her darker skin tone nicely and wrapped around her snuggly, showing off her slim figure. Her dark hair was pulled up into a pretty braided bun with a few curled strands falling down. The hairstyle made her small features and slim neck stand out more and her ears twinkled with the small diamond rhinestones adorning them. Her makeup was still kept simple, nothing overdone or clown-y. Instead she used a small amount to highlight her features and make them pop.
“Yeah, they had to put you on painkillers and give you a blood transfusion,” he pointed towards the second I.V. bag full of red liquid. “You lost a lot. We were worried for a bit you were going to bleed out but they managed to prevent that. They’ve got your chest and arm stitched up but they had to do a surgical procedure on both your hands and shoulders. You’re burns are the worst of it. Third degree. They bandaged you up quick to prevent infection and they already excised all the necrotic tissue and debrided all the bullae but they’ll still need to-“
His mind latches on to the scent of lemon gun powder and imagines all the other times these two scents have intertwined. What comes to mind is races through back alleys and mad dashes across roof tops. He thinks of a crisp white button down stretched tight over a pale heaving chest. Looking over at Sherlock and seeing how he had looked, that first night after Angelo’s. The man’s eyes had been bright, seemingly absorbing all the light in the room and bouncing it back right to John. His dark unruly hair had been more wild then ever, windblown and tangled. John had been desperate to brush through those tangles. Preferably with his fingers and his face pressed tight too Sherlocks.
“How’s about you just let us handle the walking for now?” Lestrade’s gruff voice registered in his ears and he felt himself nod.
Without really thinking about it, John crawled into the ridiculously soft bed and wrapped himself in the smooth high thread count sheets Sherlock was so fond of. He buried his face into the fluffed up pillow and allowed himself to breath in the scent of expensive shampoo and something else he had only ever been able to describe as Sherlock. Sherlock’s scent had long since faded from the rest of the flat, even his bedding was beginning to lose the comforting fragrance John had only ever associated with his friend. The scent smelt like home. Of warmth and familiarity. John dreaded the day when the smell would eventually fade from every corner of the flat and would effectively take away the last real piece of Sherlock he had. His last true piece of comfort. Of home. Those thoughts however did nothing to dissipate the aching pit of nausea and grief weighing down his stomach, so for just a moment he pushed all the sad, spiteful and angry thoughts aside and just allowed himself to breathe in the comforting smell. As he relaxed a bit he even indulged himself in the fantasy that when he opened his eyes and got up to get ready everything would be back to normal and Sherlock would be there for real.
John realized it was strange to compare Sherlock, whom he’d never been in a romantic relationship with to a girl that was hitting on him but it was just a natural reflex at this point.
Sherlock knew it was true. How could they ever forget that? How could they ever
for what he did today. I swear it."
The pavement was hard and cold as John ran across it, his bare feet seemed to find every jagged rock there was and he could feel the blood squelching between his toes. He wasn’t sure why he was barefoot but he knew it didn’t matter. Nothing mattered except finding whatever he was looking for. He didn’t know what he was looking for either; he just knew he
Even before he met the banker he had assumed Sherlock had been on the less popular side of the social chart though after meeting him he was absolutely sure of it. The barely concealed contempt was plain as day in the way Sebastian talked of the detective and the way Sherlock called him “Seb”, an expression that seemed strangely friendly for two people who seemed more like old enemies than friends. The memory broke his heart a little. It made him seem so much more vulnerable than he was used too, and that’s why he seemed so out of place in social situations. He was vulnerable and there was something unnerving about the usually aloof man being so uncharacteristically unsure of himself.
John felt his lips curl up, the closest he’d come to a smile in ages. He could practically hear Sherlock whining on.
He flopped down onto his bed dribbling some of his drink onto the sheets but he couldn’t bring himself to care. He couldn’t bring himself to care about anything at all as he closed his eyes and allowed sleep to take him, not even the gaping hole in his chest.
The complete opposite of Sherlock.
“Phew! I really didn’t think you were going to make it there, but then again you always do tend to surprise me. So how are we feeling Sherlock?” he pauses as if waiting for a response before realizing it’s not coming. “Here, this will probably make it a bit easier.” Moriarty works the gag off slowly and carefully, making sure not to tug on any curls in the process. The careful treatment scares Sherlock more than when he had been handed a knife and told to use it on himself. “SO, ready for the final round?” Sherlock just nods, not quite trusting himself to speak yet. “Glad to hear it. You’ve done such a wonderful job so far,” he slowly began trailing his hand down Sherlocks bare and sweaty chest, his nail caught on a nipple making Sherlock wiggle back on his chair trying to get away from the sensation. Thankfully he didn’t spend any more time on his nipples and just passed right by them, not so thankfully he instead put all of his focus on sliding his finger over one of the deeper cuts on his chest, even slipping his finger in the gash and feeling the vulnerable flesh. Sherlock hissed and winced at the rough treatment of his still fresh and stinging cut. After what felt like an eternity of Moriarty slowly wiggling his finger inside of him the man finally pulled his stubby digit out only to take it greedily in his mouth and hum around the taste.
“I could never allow that to happen to you.”
“Ella keeps bringing it up. Says it would help to separate myself from him. The memories of him.”
“Sherlock? What’s wrong?” Sherlock doesn’t answer him and just hands the card over silently. He watches as John reads it over and his confusion and hostility quickly turns to fury. After he’s gone through it all he stares at the card as if it had just kicked his mother. Sherlock silently agrees and feels somewhat the same.
Somehow on the way there the cabbie had managed to hit every single red light possible. John was a complete ball of anxiety and irritation by the time they arrived at the Greek place and he tossed the money none-too-gently in the mans direction before bursting out the car and near diving into the restaurant. The hostess greeted him at the door, a pretty young woman with black hair and red lipstick and asked him if he had a reservation. He told her he was just meeting someone, his eyes never once glancing at her, too busy trying to find Mindy in the crowd of seated patrons. Just as the hostess was asking who’s name the reservation was under and John realized he had no clue what Mindy’s last name was he spotted her at a lonely table near the back and waved. In less then a minute she had found her way to him and was explaining it to the hostess who said someone would be with them in a moment to take their orders.
Maybe being in hospital isn’t so bad after all.
“Oh, boys!” She cooed, hovering over them as John took their bags out of the car. “Your brother phoned to tell me the two of you would be home early. How wonderful! Baker Street just hasn’t been the same without the two of you. Far too quiet!” She leaned in to give Sherlock a hug but he hissed in pain when she pressed to hard on his still quite painful shoulders. “Oh, Sherlock dear, I’m so sorry! You poor thing. You two head right in and I’ll bring some tea and biscuits up in a mo’.”
“’What he did to me’” Sherlock quoted. “Greg said that earlier as well and it made just as little sense then as it did when you said it just now. Technically he didn’t do anything to me. Well, other than kidnap me of course,” he added the last part as an afterthought. He knew he was rambling. It was probably the bloody morphine. He should really have a talk with John about getting his dosage turned down. John was gawking at him, looking slightly horrified and, again, painfully sad. Sherlock hated that it seemed like all he could do was make John sad.
“So why is it you’re on leave from the clinic? You seem very passionate about your job, good at it too. I’m surprised they’re even managing it without you.” John picks at his ice cream and tries to figure out how to go about this.
He needed to go. Go somewhere, anywhere other than here. He stood up and Ella startled across from him.
say. He wanted to take back every time he had called him heartless or inhuman. The thing he wanted to take back the most though was his very last insult, which just so happened to be the last thing he said to him before he went up on that bloody roof. He had called him a machine, except that couldn’t be true. Machines didn’t throw themselves off roofs. An image of glassy blue eyes and brown curls stained with red flashed in front of his vision and made his hand clench the glass and his left hands tremble worsen. Those eyes would haunt him forever; the ones that used to be so full of life and seemed to look right through you down to your soul had turned glassy and vacant. Those eyes had seemed all wrong on Sherlock’s face.
And yet John has never been so unenthusiastic to eat something in his life. Actually, that’s a lie. When he came home from the army and lived in that God-awful bedsit his appetite was virtually non-existent. He knows he’s not eating enough as of late. His jumpers are loose on him and he’s needed to start tightening his belts more than he usually would. He’s not trying to lose weight, eating just seems so unimportant now.
after that. After what he did to you.” John was clenching his teeth again and his fists were clenched. This, Sherlock knew, was his inner soldier coming out. The man that had invaded Afghanistan and had ‘bad days’ where he wasn’t just healing his fellow soldiers but adding to the body count. This was the man that had shot that cabbie through a window the first night they had met. The restless adrenaline junkie that had instantly connected with Sherlock. He felt choked up at seeing John like this, so caring and kind and protective (why protective? He should be disgusted) that he had to change the subject. He had to run away.
Sherlock stares at the knife clutched in his shaky hand and just for a moment let’s panic wash over him. This is going to hurt. A lot. He’s not sure he can even do it at all, much less in ten minutes. Not knowing where to go from here he looks up at John hoping to find some courage in those ever loyal and courageous eyes yet he finds none. John has tears in his eyes now and he staring at Sherlock with what can only be described as anguish. Slowly he shakes his head as if he’s begging for Sherlock to stop and put the knife down but he can’t dammit! He can’t put the knife down because if he does than Moriarty or one of his men will be the one to pick it up and then because of his selfishness and cowardice Lestrade will be the one who has to go through this and Sherlock doesn’t think he could handle that. He’s the reason they’re all here in the first place, he’s the one Moriarty’s so obsessed with. If it wasn’t for him they wouldn’t even be in this situation so it’s up to him to get them out.
the enemy. He feels the shame hit him yet laughs because he can’t remember the last time he didn’t feel ashamed of himself. Well, he can actually. It was before he had let his best friend die in front of him.
True to her word, Sarah’s number is plastered all over John’s phone in the form of missed calls and texts, each one chronologically getting more and more stressed and upset. In one of them she alludes to firing him and he hopes to any God out there she only said it to try and get a reaction out of him.
“Mindy, just tell me. Whatever it is, we’ll figure it out.” He means it, one way or the other.
“Sherlock, don’t! Please, it’s fine, let me take this one!” Sherlock would no doubt be too ashamed to ever admit it but for a moment he actually considered taking John up on his offer. They were his eyes. His most precious tool and asset, except when he took a moment and thought on it that wasn’t true. Sure, he used his eyes for everything; he had spent his whole life carefully training them to pick up on the smallest details that no one else would even think to notice. They helped him study people faces and bodies and allowed him too see their deepest, darkest secrets after only a slight glance and yet he knew that when it all came down to it they were not his most precious asset. His most precious and valuable tool in his whole arsenal was a short army doctor with a bit of a temper and a mad addiction to danger. The man that had willingly moved in with him and shot a cabbie to save his life all on the same day and had continued to save his life every day after that. Nobody had ever cared or looked out for him as John had, Lestrade had come the closest to matching what John and him had yet it still wasn’t on the same level. John had saved his life more times than he could count and followed him on chase after chase through London to apprehend countless murderers and criminals. Sherlock owed him everything, his life, his health, his happiness; so it only seemed right that he should do this for John, if this is what it took for him to repay John for his friendship than that’s what he would do.
“What?” John repeats, and realizing that he sounds like a broken record and is going to send this conversation in a rather circular direction he decides to add to it. “I—no. No. I’m not doing this right now.”
This time John doesn’t freeze. He bolts to his bedroom, throws on some clothes that don’t reek of semen and alcohol and gargles with Listerine, not having time to properly brush his teeth. Breakfast is obviously out of the question and John grabs nothing but a water bottle as he storms out of the flat and onto the bustling London street.
“This is what’s going to happen. I’m going to give you an order and you’re going to do it. If you don’t do exactly as I say than one of them will die. Now I can see you being less concerned about these two,” he gestured to Sally and Anderson, “but wouldn’t that just break daddy’s heart?” he motioned towards Lestrade who had tensed up as soon as the red dot landed on his chest. “Not to mention poor John over here, he cares so much it’s adorable. So let’s see just how far you’ll go.”
She had snuffed her nose and immediately pointed out how, as a proud lesbian she didn’t need a
?” The way she whispers ‘woman’ makes John cringe.
“New breakthrough? You mean me admitting that I love my best friend? That I love him and I bollocksed it up completely because I was too bloody
“John, I-“ She cuts herself off and picks up her bag she had thrown carelessly on the floor less than ten minutes ago. “I think I should just go for tonight.”
“Of course you won’t.” Mrs. Hudson deadpans. “Sherlock wasn’t the type of person you come across every time you do the shopping! He was special. But that doesn’t mean you won’t eventually meet someone else special. They just won’t be Sherlock’s kind of special.” John smiles at her.
“John…” John was breathing heavy and looked miserable. Him apologizing to Sherlock for something that was so completely out of his control made the pangs in his heart return full blast. “That’s ridiculous. You couldn’t have done anything more than you did. You are not at fault for any of that.” John looked back up at him and gave a small, sad smile.
“I’m not an alcoholic.” It’s the only thing he can think of to say. He needs her to know that.
. If it weren’t for Moriarty’s personal obsession with me than none of you would have been put in harms way in the first place. None of the things I did back there were ‘selfless’ or ‘incredible’ or the act of a martyr. They were my responsibility.” John shakes his head, looking disbelieving.
Mindy looks at him and John finally puts it together. He feels a familiar feeling of dread creep over at him and wonders at what it says about him that he finds feeling dread ‘familiar’. Mindy doesn’t look sad. She doesn’t look disappointed. She looks like John. Guilty and ashamed and heartbroken. John wants to reach out to her. Tell her it will be okay, everything’s fine, it’s all okay. But it won’t and it’s not, so he ends up saying nothing while waiting for this beautiful,
“Sorry?” John asked, not as an apology but more out of confusion. Lestrade took it out of context, however.
“If you finish that sentence the way I think you’re going to I’m going to kick your posh arse, injuries or no.” Sherlock falls quiet. “Let’s get this well and fucking straight, alright?” Johns cheeks are flushed with anger. “It was not your fault. It was not your fault that we were kidnapped. It was not your fault that you got tortured. Whether someone else administered the torture or not you were still put in a situation you had no control over and were hurt. The only person who has any blame in this situation is that bastard Moriarty. Okay? He’s the one who kidnapped us, he’s the one who arranged your torture and he’s the one who bloody assaulted you and tried to humiliate you.” John’s nostrils are flared out a bit and his breathing is uneven and heavy. Sherlock sort of sees where John is coming from, it makes sense in a way, but it still doesn’t feel right.
“NO! No, stop Sherlock! Stop this right now!” he so wished John would be quiet; he really wasn’t making this any easier to do. He took as deep of a breath as he could before slowly lifting the blade to his eyes. In less than two minutes he would never see again. He would be stuck in eternal darkness. He’d never see his mothers face again or see John smiling. How would he tell if Mycroft gained weight? He supposed he could work something out with the heaviness of his footsteps but it would certainly be an adjustment. The blade was nearly to his eye now; barely a millimeter more and it would touch the soft vulnerable flesh of his eye. When Moriarty spoke up again it was in a voice so loud it nearly made Sherlock jump and prematurely dig the blade into himself.
“Yeah, actually. I’m meeting with someone.” Ella smiled at that, clearly not expecting him to answer.
John shot up in his bed, his breath was ragged and he had a cold sweat covering his body. His whole body was shaky with residual fear from his most recent nightmare.
Mindy doesn’t put up a fight. Just nods and walks to the door. She drops the envelope on the couch on her way out but John won’t notice until at least two days from now, when he’s finally woken up from his drunken stupor. He doesn't notice her walking out the door either and he most definitely doesn’t notice her last, soft apology she gives him before she walks away. Out of John’s life, likely forever. Just like everyone else before her.
“Look at me.” John demanded but Sherlock shook his head in refusal. This was a hard enough conversation without having to see John’s face during it. To see what his best friend was feeling. That would surely be too much for his heart to take.
“I’m sorry I said that.” Greg’s voice is full of self-reproach and he’s still scratching his head absentmindedly. “It’s just this case has me thinking about him. More than I usually do, that is.” He takes another sigh and sip of his drink.
and –
his chest and stomach. His hand comes to a stop right in front of his groin and he kneads down, rubbing himself slow and firm. Each press of his palm feels like small sparks erupting under the thin skin of his genitals and John is completely
“So? What results did you find from this… experiment?” John pauses for a moment as if seriously considering this.
When John had went to begin tidying up he was shocked by the amount of filth that had somehow built up inside 221B. He knew that he had let things slide a bit but he had no idea how bad it had really gotten. It had taken him two hours just to clean the kitchen and living room and another two to tackle the bathroom and his room. All in all it had taken him four hours (give or take a tad) to get the flat looking the least bit presentable again.
“There’s something I’ve been wanting to do for ages now. My own… experiment of sorts. I, well, I wasn’t sure how you would react to it before but I have a better idea now. I wanted to wait until we got back to Baker Street though. Didn’t feel right in the hospital. And with all that happened I didn’t want to move too fast and risk scaring you away.” Sherlock’s heart was beating fast and he felt slightly dizzy. He hoped he knew what was happening, but he couldn’t be sure. He didn’t want to jinx it but he must be getting it right. Unless he spectacularly misread all of John’s signals in hospital he believes he knows exactly what John means to do. “I’m going to give it a go but if it happens that I’ve spectacularly misread you, tell me and I’ll stop.” John sounds breathless and Sherlock is sure his sounds the same as he replies,
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson. I do date women.”
“Let’s start with this one!” Anderson gave a frightened wail from behind his gag and more tears and snot ran down his face as all five sniper sights moved to hover above his chest. Sherlock felt a brief amusement when he saw that even Donovan looked put off by the mans behavior. However, the amusement was gone in a second as he felt the cool metal of a knife glide across his still stretched and vulnerable throat. John was now shouting and twisting in his restraints even more desperately than before, earning himself a hard swat to the head from one of Moriarty’s thugs.
“D’nno…” Sherlock mumbles from where he had just been flirting with an afternoon nap on the bed. Carefully, yet not carefully enough to avoid making himself wince in pain, he lifts his upper body up so he’s propped in a seated position. He reaches over and snags the card from where it’s nestled snugly amid the red roses and prickly thorns. He begins to read and feels his face drain of colour.
On Monday he goes downstairs and see’s Mrs. Hudson. She’s overjoyed of course and clucks on and on about whatever she can think of while she bustles around her small tidy kitchen to make tea and gather some biscuits and cake she baked the other day.
“When… When you said his name…” Her face is red and her voice is scratchy. “I knew it had gone too far then. I – I think it finally hit me that you don’t need some no-name journalist to write an article about you. I think before I was telling myself it was all with good intentions, you know? I was doing it to help you and the publics memory of Sherlock. But when that happened… I just felt like I was manipulating you. I didn’t realize how, well how much he had meant to you. I didn’t know, John.” She hold onto his gaze, stressing her point with her eyes. “I just didn’t know.”
He said he was ‘busy’ but John knew it was a lie. Sherlock just didn’t… fit in. He never blended well in group settings and John had always expected he had a touch of social anxiety – which sounded ridiculous. Sherlock spent his days questioning murderers and calling everyone around him a moron, how could he have social anxiety? And yet, whenever John would catch him in a social situation that had nothing to do with gruesome murders he would look so awkward and out of place and
The torch was flicked on with a rush of gas and flame and flickered menacingly as it was passed to Sherlock. He couldn’t burn his hands, they were far too valuable and necessary, but if not them then what…
They drove for around thirty minutes, and Sherlock spent that time calculating how long it would take for someone to notice he was missing. He estimated it would take around twelve hours for anyone to notice something was amiss. John was used to him disappearing all night to investigate a case but would begin to feel uneasy when Sherlock didn’t arrive home in the morning and would probably contact Lestrade after he tried calling and texting only to get no response. So, considering all that and the amount of time it would actually take to track them down (and this was really only if they used Mycroft’s CCTV recordings) it would be around twelve hours before he was found. He didn’t like that number very much. A lot could happen in twelve hours after all.
After the orgasm had passed and John was left sitting slumped on the sofa with his spent cock still dripping come onto his hand he felt his first healthy dose of shame hit. What the fuck was he doing? He had just had a wank (a brilliant, maddening, bloody fucking
“I’ve been meaning to ask you something.” John started, his face and tone somber. Sherlock looked up from his own book and regarded John with his full attention. Even though his fear of John up and leaving had quelled significantly in the past few days he was still nervously waiting for the other shoe to drop. Even now he felt a sick dollop of unease at what John might be about to say.
That had been Moriarty’s first move.
“I saw you and you looked so sad and I couldn’t imagine. If I felt so horrible about what the papers were saying, how must you have felt? I thought it was fate. I could meet you, find out what Sherlock had really been like and then I could write an article. Some amazing exposé about ‘The Truth of Baker Street’ or something.” She sounds passionate, John has to give her that. At the very least he knows this wasn’t an act. He got the feeling Mindy wouldn’t be this convincing of an actor.
“Good,” he made sure to avoid the use of the work “fine”. That was practically a trigger word for therapists. “Yeah, I’ve been… Good.” Ella nodded as if this was somehow insightful to her.
“What? No. I was only a Detective Sergeant back then. Gregson was the one that decided to let him in on crime scenes. I thought he was completely shady.” They both start chuckling and it feels good. It almost feels like the times before The Fall when him and Greg would go have a pint and vent about Sherlock until they were giggling and drunk.
, he thinks.
, a voice that sounded heartbreakingly familiar in its gruff, posh baritone sounded in his head.
He decided to go with the horny guy move and reached into his pants to get a proper hold of it.
“You don’t need to apologize, Sherlock.” Greg assured him. The three men stood and sat there respectively, the room once again filled with that god awful tension before Greg sucked in a large breath and reluctantly spoke.
“How long have I been out?”
“Sherlock, what the hell!? I’m not letting you do this for me! Let me have it!” Sherlock shook his head again though he didn’t look towards the DI, instead he held his hand out towards Moriarty, silently requesting for the knife.
“Don’t worry, that was… nice. Yeah. That was a really nice thing to offer. It was just me really, I’m not use to people actually
of all times. Now John would feel even more awkward when he eventually had to break the news of his impending move to Sherlock.
Then there was John. John Watson. The Good Doctor and Loyal Soldier. John was also known for being rather forgiving as well. He had forgiven Sherlock a lot throughout their quickly started friendship. He only made a minor fuss at the body parts in the fridge, only occasionally got in a huff about Sherlock’s poor manners and nearly never threw a fit about Sherlock waking him up during the night with impromptu violin concerts anymore. Though again, these were only minor offences compared to Sherlock’s current glaring predicament. John was a good man and a loyal one to boot but every person has there limits. This could very well be John’s final breaking point and Sherlock was all too aware of that. But he could be fine with that. Sherlock had been alone plenty in his life before John had come along and though Post-John life was far preferable to Pre-John life, Sherlock could manage. It wouldn’t break him. He would be fine if John decided he had finally had enough. He desperately wished it were easier to lie to himself.
“Yeah, he got here same time as us, nosy git. Immediately made sure you got this room.” John said this with a twist of amusement.
He waits for the ringing to stop and a few seconds after that his phone chimes letting him know he has a voicemail. He considers just deleting the voicemail without listening to it but in the end curiosity and pity get the better of him. He at least owes it to her to listen to her damn voicemail, besides it’s not like he has anything better to do.
“He’ll be better once he gets to hospital. We should get outside so the ambulance can find us easier.” John looked over at Lestrade, “Greg? Help me lift him up.” Lestrade nodded and they both grabbed an arm trying to carefully avoid the wounds but their careful efforts made it no less painful. When he was finally upright and standing they began to maneuver him over to the exit but Sherlock carefully broke away.
“Hm? Yeah, fine,” he grabbed her phone and typed in his name and number trying to ignore the pain that resounded in his chest every time he looked at the pink. After a few moments of silent typing they both handed each other’s phones back and smiled. Hers was beautiful and bright, naturally lighting up her face and making it seem as if she were radiating happiness, his was tight and forced, filled with guilt and self-loathing and empty promises.
on. He would be darting around the crime scene and waving his limbs around. He looked bloody
“Did your mother know?” Greg scoffs. “It turns out that her father had been sexually abusing her since she was little. The mother knew about the whole thing too, but I guess he was pretty heavy handed with her and she kept quiet. It’s disgusting. I can’t believe some people. So one day the kid loses it. I don’t know what made that particular day her breaking point but she couldn’t take it anymore. Killed her old man while her mother was out and when the mum got home and found out she helped her cover it all up.”
What was he doing? Sitting in a musty flat that hadn’t been aired out in months, sat next to empty booze bottles and his dead flatmates ejaculate covered clothes.
“Sherlock. Stop.” Sherlock did stop then and stared at his lap in shame, waiting for the final hammer to drop.
“Did you know I never even knew when his birthday was?” John asks lazily as the alcohol kicks it up a notch.
The day had barely begun and he was already desperate to end it.
“Probably good, that. Most of them would have gone quite bad by now.” Sherlock hums along, already planning out his next line of experimentation. His thought process however is brought to a halt by John clearing his throat. Sherlock looks at him and is suddenly painfully aware of how close they are standing. So close that he can see John’s pores and feel the air from his breath. If he took just a half step forward their chests would be touching on each exhale. He gulps.
“The burns are bad, third or fourth degree, the cuts will definitely need stitches though and he’s lost a frankly ridiculous amount of blood. When’s the ambulance getting here?”
It wasn’t like John had never let Sherlock slip into his fantasies before but it had never been like that. Before, when Sherlock had only been in the room right below him while John lay in bed at night getting himself off, he had allowed only the barest glimpses of dark curls and deep baritone moans waft their way in. Innocuous and ambiguous little glimpses that he could pass off as harmless without outright admitting he was using his best friend as wanking fodder. This time had been far from ambiguous.
Apparently John mistook the flinch for one of pain though, for his face instantly grew guilty. “Christ! Sorry, sorry. Did I hurt you?” Sherlock shook his head mutely, confused by the concern on the doctors face. Why was John apologizing anyway? He zoned out slightly and heard Lestrade talking to Anderson and Donovan behind them. Barely half a minute later Lestrade came up to kneel beside John, staring at Sherlock with the same concerned grimace. He was pale too, his hands were also slightly shaky and he looked as if he were about to be sick. Sherlock knew that feeling well.
“Not for a while. Like I said you have third degree burns, which you’d need to be hospitalized for anyways. Plus you just had surgery and need a shit-ton of recovery time. They’ll want to monitor your food intake and make sure you’re getting enough calories to fight off any infections or diseases. It’ll take a bit.” That was definitely not the answer he wanted to hear.
He heads into the GP consultation office where Sarah is currently talking to a patient. He’s in his late forties and already in the hospital gown get up. He’s sitting on the examination table and seemingly getting debriefed, though Sarah’s chatter dies when John opens the door.
John does. He feels him everywhere. Along his neck and the bottom of his jaw, the sweet spot behind his ear only his girlfriends had ever known about, Sherlock’s warm hands tracing down his chest and the pleasant heat turning his muscles to mush. The solid heat is moving over his arse now, teasing down his thighs until they come up between his legs and suddenly the heat is too hot. John and Sherlock, the heat from both their bodies joining together and turning everything to molten lava. John is sweating and panting and spreading himself wider wanting to feel the younger man everywhere, wants the heat from Sherlock’s body to consume him, swallow him up until he’ll never be cold again.
“I want this job and I promise this won’t happen again. I – I don’t even know what to say about this morning.” He admits honestly. He’s never been a good liar and he knows he couldn’t pull it off now.
After ten minutes of John talking to Mycroft and assuring him that he would be there to take care of Sherlock as long as need be the army doctor hung up and turned to Sherlock with a grin.
“Please, stop! He’s had enough now! Let me take this one, please…” Sherlock felt a jolt of terror pierce through him at the thought of Greg having to go through this. There’s now way he was going to let that happen. Besides, he’s already gotten this far. After this round he only had one left, he would have no problem with that. Sure, he was dizzy and the burns on his body felt like they were on fire or someone was constantly branding his skin but all that’s only transport. This is a game of endurance and God help him if he doesn’t know how to endure. Without knowing it he let out a grunt of protest, his eyes flicking between Greg who was waiting for Moriarty’s answer and the consulting criminal himself who had a rather pensive expression on as if he were seriously considering Lestrade’s request. Sherlock desperately hoped he wasn’t.
“Who do you think it’s from?”
“I do have a question though, that I believe you’d be more qualified to answer,” he heard Lestrade huff gruffly beside them and turned to see him looking rather put out. Sherlock softened his features slightly, though it was hard when he just wanted to hide under the covers and stop anyone from looking at him. “I meant because of his medical expertise.” Lestrade nodded and the hurt ebbed away.
“Sherlock? I really don’t know… what?” Poor John. He’s trying so hard to be a good friend even after Sherlock has proved to be so unqualified for such affections.
God yes.
He eyed the little bottle of cologne he had splurged on a while ago and considered. Well, if a celebratory dinner with a pretty girl wasn’t an excuse to use a little then what was? He picked up the dark green cylinder and held it in front of him, pushing down the compressor he sprayed it modestly in the air and walked into it. The smell of pine and spice filled his nose and he felt the cinnamon tinged aroma cling to his skin and clothes, the artificial perfume colliding with his own scent and fusing together to create something intoxicating.
“Ah- Jesus! Mindy…”
to be someone that could be used as an example of what to do instead of what to avoid ever doing.
“I see a man who is scared to move on. Someone who isn’t ready to disconnect from his old way of living. It’s natural, John. It’s natural and it’s normal, but it’s not healthy. Sherlock is gone and you need to accept that. There is no sense in sabotaging the rest of your life in penance for something that wasn’t your fault in the first place. You can’t go on punishing yourself for another man’s actions. I’m sure that’s not what Sherlock wanted for you when he made his decision.” A heavy silence follows her mini-monologue and John is just left staring at her, his mouth opening and closing as if to send something back her way but no words leaving his mouth.
John instantly caught sight of the chill but thankfully misread it. “You cold? I could ring a nurse for another blanket.” Sherlock shook his head.
until his face is red and him and Greg are giggling like mad in a taxi on the way back to Baker Street.
Pride?
“Right, well. All is good then. I’m just glad to hear everything’s fine.” John looked beside him at the crumpled white dress shirt still smelling of lemon and covered in semen, the near empty whiskey bottle and thought back to how he had just had one of the most intense wanks of his life to the thought of his dead friend. The word ‘fine’ didn’t exactly seem to match up with the scenery but he supposed Greg didn’t actually need to know that.
He supposed it made sense that his libido had chosen now to spike up again. The day before had been the first reprieve from the grief he had been drowning himself in ever since Sherlock’s death. It had felt like releasing a block in his mind while he was talking to Mindy about Sherlock yesterday. Like a latch had been released and floodgates had opened. Maybe one of those floodgates belonged to his libido. He had spent the day having lovely conversation with a lovely girl and it had felt good. That would make sense except his own awareness was rapidly coming back to him and it hadn’t been soft supple flesh and feminine touches in his alcohol induced dream. It had been hard lines and heat and
“I – What?” He stutters, wishing she would give him more, tell him what to say to make it right, to be better, but she doesn’t. She just shakes her head.
“I’m fine Greg. Just been busy, yeah?” It was a lie and they both knew it. They also both chose to ignore it.
“Mm,” Sherlock agrees sauntering over to where John is and glances towards the table. “I’m behind on my experiments now, and it looks like Mycroft got rid of all the ones I was working on before.”
“I’m going to choose too take that as a compliment.”
In moments like these it was far too easy to imagine that Sherlock was just behind this door. It was too simple to trick his mind into thinking that day at Barts’ never happened and his best friend was just locked up in his room in one of his infamous strops over a lack of good cases. Sometimes he even liked to imagine the detective had finally given into his dreaded transport and allowed himself to get some much needed sleep. John closed his eyes reverently and allowed the all too comforting image from in his mind of Sherlock pacing the room filled with restless energy only too inevitably collapse onto his soft mattress and fall into a deep sleep tangled in his posh, cushy blankets. It felt so real in that moment that John swore he could hear the sound of his friend rolling around in a sleepy attempt to get more comfortable or the deep breathing or soft sounds he would make in his REM cycle. With his eyes still shut John stepped forward and gently turned the door handle, only opening his eyes after he had fully stepped into his friends room. When he opened his eyes they immediately darted to the bed, searching for the familiar sleep-ruffled form he had so expertly tricked himself into believing he would see, Of course, he didn’t. All he saw was a neatly made bed which was painfully empty and had been for a very long time.
John felt his face pale and he went quiet. God, he couldn’t even go through one dinner without Sherlock implanting himself in his head, could he? Everything seemed to be a Sherlock-trigger word. What was he even doing here? He knew this wasn’t going anywhere. It couldn’t. Because John was in love with his best friend, not some kind, beautiful girl who invited him to Greek restaurants.
“Delivery for Mr. Sherlock Holmes!” She announces cheerily sitting it down on the bedside cabinet. She stands back from it and let’s out a low whistle. “My my! I wish I had someone who cared about me enough to send such a stunning thing. My boyfriend probably wouldn’t even think to bring me a leaf.” She let’s out a soft chuckle before turning to Sherlock and winking. “Someone sure must love you.” At this point she turns around and flutters out of the room. John straightens up from where he’s been standing next to the window on the other side of the room and walks over so he’s standing beside Sherlock’s bed and staring at the bouquet. His face is filled with irritation and he’s looking at the great big thing with suspicion.
“I suppose so.” John agreed.
The smile didn’t last long though as he remembered what else had happened that night. He’d stormed out, went to Sarah’s and slept on the lie-low while at the same time 221B had been bombed (well, not exactly, it was the flat across from them but it was obvious it was only to get Sherlock’s attention).
“I am not
She doesn’t wait for his response before hanging up and John is left listening to nothing but a lonely dial tone.
John didn’t think he’d make it past the door at this rate.
. Slowly the younger man shook his head, still not able to look John directly in the eye but settling for his forehead where John (hopefully) wouldn’t be able to tell if he was looking him in the eye or not. John however, clearly didn’t have that issue. He was looking at Sherlock with intent, the way Sherlock himself looked at interesting dead things.
“Your technique was wonderful darling but your etiquette afterwards could use a little improvement, we can always work on that in the future though.” Wiping the remaining bile from his swollen lips he looked back at Moriarty who was smirking tucking himself back into his pants and pulling up his trousers. “Well, I’ve had a blast, but I do believe it’s time to take off. You know the drill, murderers to consult terrorist organizations to lead, but I’m sure we’ll see each other soon.” With one last wink the consulting detective turned and began walking out of the warehouse with his two lackeys following closely behind. It took barely a second after the warehouse door slammed shut behind him for Sherlock to feel a hand placed carefully on his back and John popped into view. His face was pale, far paler than Sherlock had ever seen and his eyes had the look of a man out to kill. Sherlock couldn’t help flinching at the sight, sure the anger was for him. How could John ever forgive him after that? After what he did and put him and everyone through. John wouldn’t want to be his friend anymore, much less want anything to do with him… romantically? Sexually? Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure what he himself wanted after that confusing ordeal.
. And tonight, John intended to take it.
is what he wanted. He wanted John’s anger. He deserved it.
When Sherlock awakens once again the doctors and medical staff get to work. They talk to him about skin grafts which will have to be done on his shoulders and arms, they discuss release dates and earliest time he will be allowed to go home (the time they give him is much to long and he makes a note to request Mycroft’s assistance in shortening it) and they send a psyche consult to him which proves to be rather entertaining. Sherlock had insisted that a psyche consult was hardly necessary but after John and Dr. Richards had pointed out that his wounds were not only born from torture but also self-inflicted and the fact that there was sexual trauma involved (which Sherlock vehemently disagreed with but stopped his arguing after one look from John) he relented and allowed the woman to talk to him. He spent most of the time insulting her degree in medicine and mental health practice and the rest of the time being sarcastic and overly snippy. By the end of it he was sure she would sign anything just to get him out of the hospital and away from her, which worked just fine for him.
Those pink, plump cupids bow lips had been parted, Sherlock was panting too hard to fully close it. John hadn’t minded a bit. Now that he thought back on it he wondered how it would have felt to push that puffy bottom lip down with his thumb. To feel Sherlock’s saliva slicked lips part for him.
John was sat in his chair, a cold cup of tea next to him that had been ignored ever since he had gotten home. He didn’t even know why he made it. He knew he wouldn’t drink it. The only thing he’d been known to drink lately was whatever booze he happened to have lying around. He supposed it was habit; therapeutic in it’s own way. It was part of his old routine. At least that’s what Ella had said. He was used to coming home and making tea for him and Sherlock. He still always seemed to accidentally make two cups of it. Again, habit. Ella said that would eventually go away too, but John wasn’t so sure.
This was indeed a bit not good. What should he even do with it? Should he get off or just… wait it out? He felt like a teen boy discovering wanking for the first time. That familiar cocktail of shame and confusion and utter horniness.
All at once he felt his body sag, every trace of anger leaving him until he felt like nothing more than a sack of human blood and flesh slumped on an ugly brown chair. He felt like an idiot. He was so tired of needing other people to point his own feelings out to him. God, what did Sherlock ever see in some washed up army doctor who didn’t even realize he was in love with his ruddy best mate? All at once it was too much. Everything was just
this was. With a sudden sense of urgency he bolted up from the couch, grabbing the shirt, and raced off towards the laundry machine. He can just forget this ever happened. He shoved the shirt into the portable washing machine and felt a newfound determination. What the hell was he thinking before? That he could just go on wanking to his best friend and everything would be fine? Fuck no. That just… That just was
“Yeah, right. Sure.” His left hand had started shaking again and forgetting about trying to keep a front up in Ella’s presence he clenched it tight
“I’ll give you mine too. Here,” he handed her his phone and she dug in her purse briefly before finding and unlocking her own. It was in a bright pink case and his heart gave a violent twinge when he thought of the last bright pink case he had seen way back when him and Sherlock had met for the very first time. The string of serial suicides (or rather homicides) that Sherlock had almost been a victim of.
How he had dropped to his knees to take the vest off.
The thought felt like an extra stab to his heart, which he really didn’t need anymore of. Being mindful of the shattered glass and spilled alcohol on the floor he lifted himself up out of bed and made his way downstairs to the kitchen.
“Sorry,” John flustered and began moving his hand away. “I just thought…”
All at once Sherlock suddenly felt exhausted. This had been a highly physically and emotionally taxing day and he was finally starting to feel it’s full effects. His eyelids were starting to feel uncomfortably heavy and the cotton in his brain was coming back full force.
The tube was a safe-zone. He didn’t have any particularly strong memories tying Sherlock to that particular mode of transportation (there was the time Sherlock had ridden all the way home on the tube covered in pig blood but he hadn’t been there so it was easy enough to block out) and so it was safe enough to ride all the way to his destination without being hit with a Sherlock-trigger.
“I’d better go. I think we should end this session early.” Ella seemed to contemplate this for a moment, her calm stoic expression she had perfected for her career placed perfectly on her face and John hated it. He hated her and her passive fucking expression and her annoying invasive comments. He was so tired of people digging around in his head, acting like they knew everything about him. He felt violated and vulnerable and like he just wanted to run away and get out of here.
He wondered what he would feel in his last second after he pulled the trigger and sent the bullet flying into his brain.
When he’s finished, his hands are sore and oily and his legs feel stiff from sitting cross-legged so long. Still holding his freshly cared for gun he stretches out and lays down on the bed. He breathes in and the citrus smell of Sherlock and gunpowder and oil have mixed together. John breathes it in deep, completely intoxicated.
“There’s no easy way to tell you this. I don’t think you’ll like me very much after I do.” She sounds resigned. She’s already accepted her fate. John recognizes the resignation he’s experienced so often himself but it’s not helping his bemusement in the slightest. He wishes she’d stop beating around the bush, then he immediately feels hypocritical for it. Not like he could do much better.
