“Good to meet you, Tony.” The Captain’s handshake is firm – and any plan to wow the new Captain with showmanship, to set an example of the Vulcan he is not, to charm and smarm his way into begrudging respect, evaporate as Tony’s mind explodes with light and warmth. “That doesn’t sound like a Vulcan name.”
He doesn’t answer many of his calls; he has far too many calls a day for that to be an option and he really doesn’t understand why people just don’t communicate purely technologically, come on, what century is it, but anyway – he doesn’t answer many calls, but he almost never answers SHIELD in particular. Mostly because he programmed hold music for that particular number and truly enjoys the thought of Fury sitting at his desk, angrily staring at the phone, cyclops eye twitching as “You’re So Vain” plays on a continuous loop.
“Hey,” he says. “What gives? Move your ass.”
Tony just shot him a despairing look, said, “He’s still popular now, dipshit,” and Steve had been so inanely frustrated with himself for being rude, for not having known that, for more nonsense, that he had just stalked out, throwing the drawing at Tony as he passed.
Tony laughs a second to himself. “You also might need to add to your ‘going back’ list all the modern sayings that have worked themselves into your vocabulary. Don’t want to go confusing all them 40s folk.”
Tony holds his gaze for a beat, and then shoves the sheet metal off the table, where it clatters, echoing in the basement. He brushes his hands on his jeans and walks over to Steve. He puts his hands in his pockets and rocks on his heels, looking considering.
Steve thinks he’s probably missing context for that to make sense, though it sounds vaguely familiar.
“Tony?”
Tony’s pissed and hurt and betrayed and really, really goddamn bored.
to himself and Tony internally goes
(“Tony,” Deanna starts. Her hands are laced around her knee. “I am worried about your mental state.”
Completely, utterly content.
Global poverty is down. Global hunger is down. Human rights is something people care about. Torturing animals is illegal. You can travel around the word and barely blink. Cultures can intermix. Women have far more control over their own lives. The Geneva Convention. Music. Movies. Vaccines. Food. Cars. Air-conditioning. Dishwashers. The FDA. Washing machines. Anti-biotics. The vast array of news. Environmentalism. Road upkeep. Education. Tolerance.
She had been mildly arguing with him, saying that his Vulcan heritage and predilection for logic had to help in his engineering efforts.
If Tony were a better person, he would tell him.
Tony takes a second to look around, but it only takes a moment for him to notice there’s a body near the controls.
“We anticipated your arrival. Please, join me to the harvest.”
“When you think you’re gonna die yesterday, today is
And then Tony asks for a sub-space communicator.
“Of course. Draw up the papers, we’ll sign it over as soon as you want. I’m ready to begin my hermit lifestyle here with Steve.”
“And now we’re standing in a broom closet.”
“Yeah,” Tony answers, distracted. “I try to read a – shit – a bit about each planet that’s important to the federation. That’s the recommended Earth volume.”
Both Steve and Pepper blink at that one.
“Glad the trauma is starting to fade,” Tony says, like a jackass, and he silently winces at himself.
The vision Steve has had of Peggy’s future morphs and reshapes – the very slow, but tangible progress for women that Peggy scraped and fought for; Peggy's triumphant face when SHIELD allows female agents; Peggy smiling at Gabe; children playing; Peggy’s laugh as she receives her promotion; posing for her portrait in SHIELD headquarters; shaking her head at Howard with her hand in Tony’s; patting a young, blonde niece on the head; watching Cheers with her head on Gabe’s shoulder; her clapping extra hard as Sharon’s badge is pinned for the first time – and this vision stays.
“Calm yourself, Cap,” Tony dismisses with a hand. He in no way meant to embarrass him. “It’s great. I do love the stars, but there is nothing quite like a planet to rest your head on.”
They stop at every painting, every sculpture, every drawing, taking their time, shoulder to shoulder.
It probably should, but Pepper’s a goddess.
Steve is privately very sure that Hammer will be lucky to see the light of another day, but that’s mostly because he has the ear of Coulson, and despite what Phil says, he’s inordinately fond of Tony, and SHIELD is very good at making unpleasant things disappear.
“At the moment, watching you.”
Steve’s eyebrows climb. “Come again?”
and he drops his spatula into the pan, realizing he hasn't thought of Bucky in days.
The conversation isn’t overly long – just about ten minutes – and ends with Steve signing something.
“Captain,” Coulson says. “Technically, you’re a private citizen and can do as you wish. You should know first, though, about what you’re getting into, and Mr. Stark’s reputation.”
“With you,” Steve says, throwing his hands in the air. “With you, like what it could have been with Peggy.”
Steve joins a book club at the local library. It helps him catch up on what he missed, and the other members are his contemporizes in age. Technically.
For a moment, he wonders –
“Doesn’t he get
“It’s starting to feel real.”
Steve’s quiet for a moment, then, “Look. I’m still angry at you. And I know you’re still angry at me. But I can’t not have you in my life. And we’re wasting valuable time, time we might not get to make up. So – truce?”
that they rejected you?”
“Oh for the love of – this is why we’re not closer friends, Spangles. Just confirm it for me, one last time. You’d go back if you had the choice?”
“Fixed point. Somethings are just unchangeable in the universe.”
Minor grumbles, a couple of touches to Tony’s back, a few smiles, and the room clears.
And so he finds himself walking down halls, his footsteps echoing in the quiet, listening to Steve quietly chatter about the history he knows.
Steve’s reflexively hits it away with his arm, then blinks.
“Oh,” Tony says, his voice distorted by the suit. The shoulder missiles power down. “You beat me to it.”
There’s been a few times that Tony’s looked at him, at those blue eyes and that kind face and watched him stammer through a conversation and wondered,
Steve startles slightly and looks around, before remembering being introduced to Tony Stark’s robot house thing.
“Cheated? Did they make a deal?”
He leaves the gym.
It makes direct contact, and the crunch of the bones echos in the room, drowned out by Hammer’s scream of agony. The weapon drops to the ground, and Hammer drops to his knees
“Hi, Cap.” Steve looks up and smiles. It brightens his eyes. “Thanks for keeping an eye on it.”
He has no idea how to reply.
He side-eyes Tony, then swallows. “I mean – sure. Do you know anything about exo-fungi?”
century is. You should get re-used to how the people around you have to fight,” she says.
(The first night Tony spent on the Avenger, he sat on his bunk, knees drawn to his chest, face buried, unable to banish the thought –
And then, if you’re lucky, and if you’re patient, and if you’re persistent, Mark LV works. And then Mark LVI improves upon a working design. And then Mark LVII. And, eventually, with enough refinement and time, you have a version that people accept without thought, that people assume came from your brain exactly as featured, that people can’t tell blew up only twenty attempts ago.
In a moment of self-loathing, Tony tells Steve that Steve should get more friends.
He has no interest in becoming re-acquainted.
And it’s more than that, if he takes a moment to be honest with himself, which he
“I was talking to Fury—” Oh, great, that means this conversation is definitely going to take a downward turn. “He wants to take him back to headquarters. He thinks it may scare him to wake him in the future, and he could become dangerous. It would be safer to wake him in a controlled environment made to look like the 40s, and slowly introduce him to the idea of the future.”
“We did,” Coulson says, and something in Steve relaxes slightly.
(Two weeks before the art exhibition, Tony received an alert from Starfleet that he should review his will and testament, just in case.
“Yes, I told them,” no remorse in his tone, and Tony has had enough of it to know the feeling of betrayal when he feels it. “They’re one of the highest government research organizations in the world, they might have information—”
“No, no,” Steve disagrees. His voice is definitely commanding – Tony would guess military if he heard that on the street. “Let him speak. I’d rather the truth.”
(This isn’t his worst memory, but it ranks:
“Your pouring skills are revolting,” he tells Tony, over two hours and about nine conversations later, grinning wide.
“Tarsus IV was a peaceful Earth colony. Was the plague purposeful?”
The TV blares, way too loud. It’s talking about Oreos for around three seconds, before it switches to a trailer for a new season of a TV show that Tony has talked about getting Steve into for ages. They both watch the trailer in silence. Steve can sense Tony’s rapidly tapping fingers next to him, but resists the urge to cover his hand with his own to still them.
So maybe Steve was curious. Tony couldn’t blame him – men were hot, Lord knows Tony knows so, and now that it’s allowed, maybe he wants to give it a try. One more thing in the Brave New World to give a whirl.
He realizes, belatedly, this isn’t a small undertaking he just fought for.
“Where is the whip now?”
“You seem to be doing better,” Tony says one morning as he’s making toast. He really should make a toaster where you can see how toasty your toast is getting while it is being toasted. Like glass. Or a projected image? Or maybe a video feed to the front of the toaster.
And praise be the Lord, this man was basically saying ‘Here are my buttons. Please push them.’
He doesn’t know what Tony has been thinking, but it’s definitely not anything positive about him, and he wishes he could just stop, change his behavior, say, “OK, I’m done being irritable and confused, let’s be friends and learn about the world together!”, but he just –
Rogers droned on – or planned on – for well over an hour, outlining an infiltration plan, an undercover identity, reconnaissance trips, note taking on holo maps, the general works.
“Old diorama from the ’74 expo, looks like.”
Steve nods, and then pulls out a needle and sticks it into Tony’s neck.
“You’re not what I expected. Just based on the reports I read about Vulcans,” the Captain admits, after a long moment.
“But ethically—”
Tony flaps his hand. “Do you see me mixing chemicals, Agent? No. I’m just deeply fascinated by the science behind the somehow breathing Capsicle you got there. So, when are you going to wake him?”
“Yes,” she agrees immediately. “That.”
“Well, I don’t know about that. But thanks for being willing to be my friend.”
“Oh,” Steve shakes his head. “Nothing. Just – Peggy would have been so proud of you.”
Tony pauses. His cursor is blinking next to number 104: “Where to donate my workshop tech? MIT? Spread out to different colleges? Poor colleges? Small companies? Upcoming scientists? MUST PUT CLAUSE IN MY WILL OR THEY WILL SELL IT WHEREVER AND IT MAY END UP SOMEWHERE LIKE HAMMER’S LAB”
He didn’t exactly get how it worked or what it was, but he also got the feeling that if he tried to take the time to actually
And so, one afternoon a few days later, he watches as Tony yells about reprogramming Butterfingers, feels a torrent of feelings just crash through him, and resolves that he will do nothing until it becomes unbearable.
“Yes.” She must sense the urgency in his voice, because there’s no reprimand for his behavior. “They were very explicit that only the leader may attend the meeting, and anyone else of lower rank attending would be an insult.”
Tony thinks.
“JARVIS, turn the TV off.”
“JARVIS, you with me, bud?”
Steve smiles back, and reaches forward, grabbing Tony's hand and squeezing it.
“God, see? This is what I’m talking about!” Tony lowers his hand and waves them desperately at Steve. “You think it’s your fault. Everything is my fault and everyone around me are the ones who feel bad about it. And this shouldn’t even be
The armor immediately starts to unravel from his wrist and spread, and, within seconds, fully encases Steve.
“I read about you. The second half Vulcan/half human in Starfleet’s history.” Rogers nods once, and Tony watches, secretly stunned. “Well, you have an excellent example to take from.”
“Come on,” Tony says, gesturing towards the door. Steve follows him out and waits the few seconds for the Iron Man armor to assemble.
And Steve would normally put it out of mind – but Tony’s off the rest of the ride back to the tower.
Moments later, they’re standing in the bay of The Avenger.
“Oh,” Pepper says, with far less uneasiness than Tony’s currently feeling. “Well, when he comes back, then.”
He doesn’t realize how hard he’s grasping the chair until it turns to sawdust in his fist.
pretty, with large, curly red hair and a suit that knows exactly what her figure looks like.
Steve wants to ask if this kind of extravagance is normal nowadays, or if Tony’s just exceptionally rich.
Steve, passive as ever, simply looks at him. “I’m glad you’re back, Commander Stark.” Stark, ouch. “I actually have something to discuss with you. If everybody wouldn’t mind leaving the room, for just a moment?”
okay?
“In your quarters,” Steve starts one day, slowing chewing on a sandwich. Tony’s fiddling with wiring on the shields. “I saw a book.
Someplace, deep inside, he knows he should be giving Tony more of his attention, trying to follow him, trying to make a friend in him, trying to know him.
He can’t manage it daily, not with a Captain’s schedule, but he’s there more often than he’s not. Tony, who tended before to skip the meal altogether more often than not – and when he had managed, often had it hours before or after when was socially acceptable – has started replicating his meals at 11 o’clock on the dot, just in case Steve drops by. Steve prefers when they eat together, Tony has silently noticed, because he doesn’t feel as if he’s taking up Tony’s time.
“As I said, no biggie.” He mindlessly bumps shoulders with Steve, but doesn’t miss the strange look that garners. “Sorry?”
“Four of you?” Tony’s feet hit the ground. “You found her?”
unhappy.”
“Given the drone performance I just saw, I really don’t think it is possible to underestimate you,” Tony says.
“Ask if I can help you with your stuttering problem?” Tony jokes, slightly amused.
“It will save the planet. Millions.”
Steve looks around wildly, hoping for something to help ease the fall.
Steve dressed slightly nicer in civvies than Tony had anticipated he would, with black slacks and a light blue shirt that matches his eyes. Tony attempts not to feel self-conscious about his own ripped shirt and old jeans; he supposes it may be better than his Vulcan robes, though he’s not sure.
“You’re not saying it to be legitimate—”
“We don’t know that for sure—” Coulson starts, and really, didn’t Tony say already that giving him false hope would be worse in the long-run? Jesus Christ, no one listens to him.
Steve’s fist connects with Hammer’s face, and Hammer falls to the ground, about as conscious as a couch.
“The war,” Steve says, blinking, like he’s surprised he forgot. “Did we win?”
He eventually tried to sleep. He had a nightmare about Bucky again, like he has every day since Bucky died, which is an unfortunate continuation that he really could have done without. His brain doesn’t seem to get the memo that that was 70 years ago – to him, it hasn’t been a week.
“Look,” he says. “Sorry. I’m probably doing a shitty job of convincing you that picking me was the right choice. I just have sort of a particular personality, and it doesn’t turn off. You’ll just have to get used to it. Not that I had much luck with that in with the board of directors, but you’re a superhuman. If anyone can put up with me, it’s you’re bottle-y enhanced brain, eh?”
“Palladium, you said?” Steve says. He’s aware his voice is wavering, slightly, through his determination. “Someone must know. Chemists, biologists. There’s artificial hearts now. There has to be a solution. SHIELD. SHIELD has an entire—”
Tony could only too easily imagine himself sequestered on a planet, dying of some drug-related poison, begging his father for bail or for help and receiving silence in return.
"It's mostly teasing, but I did want to let you know that on a professional level, they wanted my assessment of you."
“Okay then.” Tony’s head is back down, looking at his tablet, his hand is typing and swiping and manipulating something Steve can’t see. This is another one of Tony’s quirks that Steve has yet to truly get used to – he often forgets that a lot of their conversation happened in his own head. Depending on Steve’s mood, it flits between endearing and irritating.
“It did cross my mind.” He gestures around his humble station. “Why come eat in engineering, Cap?”
Tony’s face pulls together, and when he takes a step forward, it occurs to Steve that they are probably in a real, proper fight here.
“You seem to like the cat. You went all—” Steve shrugs, and looks a little uncomfortable as he finishes, “I don’t know, gentle. You’re usually so, so—I don’t know, fast. Rough. But she got you all—”
He makes it not even a day.
“I, uh, I.” He looks uncomfortable, shifting his weight twice before continuing. “I suppose what with the human blood, I wasn’t expecting the ears.”
That, Steve thinks, knowing himself, may be the whole problem.
After a few truly painfully quiet moments, “Attention,” Tony says at last. “Effort made towards me. Attention. Spending time with me and liking it. Doesn’t take a lot.”
“What’s it about?”
“I can’t handle you right now,” Tony says. He drops his head into his elbow.
“You know what, J?” he says, finally. “Open new project, private server. Call it ‘Second Life.’ Start downloading 21
His current plan for what to do with himself isn’t exactly going to win him a Nobel. He wants to finish his list – and then he was considering how often and fully he could get drunk to dull the pain of the poisoning as well as help him forget he’s dying.
It doesn’t happen all that often. It happened more when he was a kid and stupid, but there’s always one, inevitable result – the person gets tired of him.
“I don’t do subtlety, Cap.”
and he squats down in front of them, purposefully making eye contact.
“It’s the hair and eyes,” Tony guesses. “Makes people trust you.”
Steve walks up to Tony, who is still staring at him, expression unreadable.
He’s feeling pretty good, though.
For the first time, it really hits Steve that Tony is just a person. Not a representation of the future, not some scary-future figurehead, not a even a stranger – just a person, with thoughts and emotions and who has to eat and drink and sleep and walk by himself.
They’re standing on the sidewalk, at the base of the tower. Happy pulls away, and they’re standing there, in downtown Manhattan.
Tony hadn’t been looking at Obadiah when he said that, he remembers.
“Open the door, Tony.”
Tony had always been a bit untouchable, in his mind. He’d never say it, especially because he thinks Tony would be offended by the association, but he’s always sort of associated Tony with the Vatican. Beautiful, impressive, integral to how he lives his life – but not something he’ll ever see from the inside, or how it functions.
He does, racing down the corridors, flinging himself around corners at JARVIS’s direction, and up he goes and –
“Are you okay?” Steve asks, concerned.
“Why is that, Cap?” Tony asks. He pushes his big toe into the pink sand. To his surprise, it is fully dry underneath the surface. Fascinating.
Steve rolls his eyes. “Says the man with the flying suit of armor.”
Tony looks back up to Steve’s face.
Tony barks a laugh. “You went under before August ’45. You don’t know the half of it.”
Tony did not know that. None of this makes sense. “But then why do you like me?”
“Talk about crossing an impossible one off the bucket list,” Tony quips, and hopes Steve takes it to mean kissing a national icon.
“I suppose it doesn’t matter much to me,” Steve muses, and Tony looks over to him in surprise, unable to hold his reaction. Steve volunteering personal information is fairly new.
Clint leans forward. “At this point, someone had pushed Maras out to him. He took her by the hand and looked her in the eye and said something. I couldn’t hear, probably something gentlemanly.”
“Stuff like that? Like stop the bad guy?”
“Parker,” Tony interrupts. He tries to telepathically communicate
“It wasn’t a ship,” he says, because what else is there to say? “It was the Iron Man armor. I showed the latest version to you.”
“JARVIS!” Tony calls. “How did he get in, anyway?”
“I’ve made such a mess of this,” Tony says into his hands. “The one thing I dedicated the last of my life to not messing up, and I’ve done fucked it up anyway. Typical.”
“Last night, I made the last update I really could make without having to resort to like, putting a coffee maker in it. So yeah. It’s ready.”
The dam abruptly closes.
Steve doesn’t know what to do.
“Oh shit,” Steve swears softly. Tony looks back at him, obviously startled. “Sorry, I just – I didn’t think about the war. I’d still have to fight it if I went back before Bucky, huh?”
He watches, helpless, as the armor drops. There’s no response, though Steve’s sure he wouldn’t be able to hear one anyway.
“You’re not going to
And mentally?
Despite recent history, t’hy’la bonds are not common. Centuries pass without one forming. In school, they were told of with a reverence and mythos usually reserved for stories of how the universe forms. A soulbond, so strong and untouchable, the irreversible bonding of two compatible minds, another’s mind a place so familiar you could walk it blindfolded, a refuge, a support. A friend. A brother. A lover.
Steve, for the first time in a long time, has a best friend.
Steve has no idea how to unlock them, but he actually ends up feeling slightly bad – thanks a lot, conscience – so he ends up just keeping it to strictly
He also wonders if other people just feel numb when grieving. He doesn’t know, and doesn’t know how to find out.
He can hear the click of the lock of the helmet, and the visor snaps down. Through the slits, Tony can see Steve’s eyes, panicked and horrified, both emotions filtering through the bond even as Tony shields. Steve’s scratching at the armor’s arm pieces, pulling and grabbing – but the suit was designed to sustain even Romulan strength – a super soldier’s pull does nothing.
Steve’s down there with him, looking at the simulations and giving pointers. Tony’s been taking footage of him training in the gym and using that as his prediction algorithm, but it doesn’t hurt to have an untrained eye.
In a way, Rhodey was worse than Pepper.
Steve’s hesitant for about three seconds, but then seems to deflate, and pulls Tony in against his chest, and Tony reaches his arms around Steve’s neck, being careful not to place his trembling hands on Steve’s neck.
Tony stands. The armor creaks slightly, then the shoulders open up, revealing missile launchers, both aimed at Hammer. Steve steps in front of Tony, shield at the ready, and they both stare at Hammer, who’s hands are now up in a surrender mode.
It takes a moment, but he can feel Steve settle on the couch next to him.
Steve, heart pumping, had reflexively thrown the shield during his fall, aimed directly at Hammer’s hand.
“At what, that SHIELD wants eyes on me? They’ve had eyes on me since before Afghanistan, and definitely after. It’s no surprise. I’m more surprised with my disappearance they haven’t had some agent come and try to infiltrate my lab to watch me. I mean, other than you.”
Steve nods a little, assessing. “You sort of remind me of him.”
“I am
It doesn’t help that Tony is a public figure who is constantly harassed and – thanks to Iron Man – apparently often in mortal danger.
Steve nods back, a clear dismissal, and starts walking towards to the turbolift in the corner. He pauses as he passes Tony, and says, “I’d like to see that workshop, sometime, if you don’t mind.”
“Please, Tony,” Steve had asked, seemingly ignoring the fact that he could have simply ordered it. “It would make me feel more secure.”
That is odd.
Tony looks up at Steve, who’s staring back, clearly not understanding why this matters at all.
It wasn’t Tony’s fault either, and it was his father’s fault, not that it seemed to matter to anyone.
Rhodey laughs, and Tony scowls.
about the strength of the love – and it doesn’t
“Look who’s talking,” Tony replies.
and then threw it away.”
“Dropped the spatula?” Tony finishes, though that’s not what Steve was trying to explain. Tony picks it up out of the pan. “It’s fine, we’ll just make them scrambled.”
He supposes he should be glad he doesn’t have more friends or family. One less thing to deal with.
“For the best.”
It immediately heats, and his fingers and toes start to tingle as they regain feeling.
“It wasn’t knowingly.” Tony throws the spoon into the empty bowl. It clanks loudly in the most-empty mess hall.
Steve says. “Because I lose you or I hurt you. And I don’t want either one – but one doesn’t have a permanent consequence. And I’m sorry, I’d rather have you alive than almost anything else. Alive and furious at me, me out of your life even, is better than you dead. There’s nothing worth it.”
“Pepper, just do it. Run the company.”
(Later, Tony will think about that moment: the cold, humid air of the room, the grey clouds slowly passing ahead, the minor glitch that was causing the soil to be dark red instead of brown, at how the rain programming worked the
With a blast of his repuslors, he heads up and out.
The walls are all concrete, and as Steve finds out due to Tony’s muttered swearing, the tracker signal is lost.
Tony doesn’t seem horribly concerned that there was just an assassination attempt on his life – or, at least, if he is, he isn’t showing it. He’s just sitting in the driver’s seat, although JARVIS is actually driving, with the seat all the way back and his feet up on the dashboard, humming some rock song.
He wonders, now, if he should add Peter, the young intern who shows incredible promise as a bio-tech engineer. Or Bruce, who deserves some of his medical research. Or Vision, an android who has hours of conversations with JARVIS. Or Natasha, who was kind to him one night when he didn’t deserve it and has shown interest in some of his older weaponry designs. Or Clint, whose apartment back on Earth isn’t big enough for him to own a dog. Or Thor, who was the first person Tony found himself able to converse with easily on the ship.
37 million people died.
“Will anyone else use the machine after me?”
“I don’t want any of your houses.”
“SHEILD offered me a job.”
Steve points, and sure enough, the tortonia has lost the middle of its left legs. Tony stands from his crouch. “Please keep an eye on it. I’ll be back.”
“Then find one,” Steve barks – a command, or close to one, if it wasn’t laced with panic. “You’re the king of plans on the fly, of cutting the wire—”
“Yep!” Tony says, all false cheer. He stands, and, stupefied, Steve watches as Tony clasps his hands together, rubbing them, and says, “I am estimating maybe about another month. I’m leaving you the Tower, so housing shouldn’t be an issue, if you were worried about that.”
“I know you want it to disappear, but he’s your father.  He’s gonna crop up every once in awhile.  But what you don’t need to do is kick yourself for letting it get to you,” Steve made sure he spoke directly into Tony’s eyes.  “Every Avenger has their own issues.  It’s basically required in order to be on the team,” Tony laughed a little at that. “It isn’t a weakness for affecting you.  It’s gonna take some time.  But until then, you can talk to me when he suddenly decides to make an appearance in your thoughts.”
“Steak’s good,” he said. “You’ll be the next Bobby Flay in no time.” Steve knew he didn’t need to point out to Tony that he didn’t know who that was. But he was obviously a chef of some sort, so Steve smiled in response.
The boss barely spared Steve a glance, eyes remaining fixed on Tony as he sauntered further into the cell. “Tony Stark. An honor to meet you, really.”
Steve sat watching Tony for a long time, making sure he’d fallen asleep and watching the steady rise and fall of his chest. Eventually, he drifted off after him.
“Good to have you back, boys,” Natasha shouted over the gunfire. “There’s a present for you too, Stark.”
Thor went off, probably to surprise hug Tony, but his words confirmed what Steve had already guessed. Whatever Tony had been doing in Kray’s lab, he’d somehow sent a signal to the team so they were able to find them.
“Morning,” Tony mumbled. Steve lifted his head to look at him, and couldn’t help but give him a small, soft kiss which quickly turned into a languid, unhurried make out session. Steve thought he could do this all day, but his stomach gave a sudden growl, causing him and Tony to break apart with a laugh. “I think I might’ve interrupted your dinner last night, Mr. Rogers.”
“Excellent, Sir. What a rare sight to see you take my advice.”
When they eventually parted, Tony was actually flushed, something Steve had never seen outside of a combat situation. Tony realized he was still clutching Steve’s shirt, so he released his grip and smoothed down the fabric, his hand lingering on Steve’s chest.
Tony gave a small smile, but his eyes were a little sad. “I have to admit to you, though, that I’m probably gonna be messed up about this Kray thing for a while.” Steve frowned and stroked Tony’s chin again. “I just...I feel responsible- and I know,” Tony talked over Steve so he couldn’t interrupt. “I know you don’t think the same, but it’s just how my mind works through these things. I’m probably gonna be in the lab for hours every day, and I might not be here in the mornings when you wake up. It can be hard for me to sleep when my mind is cycling like this.”
He approached Hill while Tony was plotting the course back to the Tower. “Fury?” Hill gave Steve her usual inscrutable look.
“Uh-huh,” Steve responded, turning around and walking quickly to the elevator to go to his apartment.
“And so I do what I know. I fight. I’m a soldier, and I can’t stand bullies. So I fight,” Steve bit his lip, his expression overflowing with memories that he could never fully share with Tony. “And even doing what I knew, I was a little lost. I kept...trying to convince myself that I would come to terms with what I left behind, and feel at home in this time, but the truth is that I might never fully feel at home here. There’s always gonna be a part of me that wishes I could go back.” Tony’s chest constricted at that thought, but Steve wouldn’t let him hurt for long. “But with you, Tony...you feel like you could be my new home, you know?”
Steve tugged Tony away from the counter and lifted him by the backs of his thighs, causing Tony to yelp in surprise, his hands shifting to Steve’s shoulder and his legs wrapping around his waist instinctively. Tony raised an eyebrow, but his cheeks were flushed.
“Breakfast?” Steve asked. Tony nodded, but before Steve could pull away, Tony tugged him into a deep and thorough kiss that left both of them panting.
“I’m gonna go on a quick run and then we can eat,” Steve uttered against his lips. Tony nodded, appreciating one last moment of running his hands across Steve’s back, before releasing him.
“-don’t appreciate the sass, JARVIS. I’d like to not be electrocuted today, if we can help it.” Tony was standing on his workstation, his hands fiddling with some wiring in the ceiling, but he looked toward the door when the music lowered.
Tony was lying in the hospital bed, propped up so he had no problem typing away on his phone like nothing had happened.  Strangely, instead of Tony’s blatant disregard for injury frustrating Steve, as it usually did, it made a fond smile appear on his face.  Tony looked up at him and a tired smile graced his features to reciprocate Steve’s.  Steve quickly noted the bruise above Tony’s right eyebrow, and his split lip, as well as the brace on his left wrist.  A relieved sigh escaped his throat involuntarily, and he strode over to the bed to (carefully) pull Tony into his chest.
Steve smiled and shook his head, and they continued their escape.
“It’s not about ‘deserve,’ Tony. Plenty of people that ‘deserve’ second chances don’t get them. But you got one, whether you wanted it or not, and you didn’t waste it,” Steve said.
Steve was idly stroking the skin of Tony’s shoulder, and he paused only briefly before continuing the hypnotizing touch. “Tomorrow morning, probably. I feel like nothing short of an Avengers Assemble is going to give me an out with Fury.”
“Tony-”
Steve nodded. “Those sound like really good ideas, Tony.”
“I don’t think there’s anything to worry about,” Steve said. “I maybe sliced it on some debris earlier but it’ll heal quick.”
Steve frowned, but nodded. “Alright, well-” He quieted at the small beeping noise coming from above him. It hadn’t been there moments ago, and Steve’s instinct told him it wasn’t anything in Tony’s workshop.
Steve gave him a teasing smile. “I was having a lot of fun about ten minutes ago,” he winked at Tony, causing him to laugh. He looked at Steve with an affection that Steve hoped he deserved.
“What do you want?” Tony asked, with a forced calmness that betrayed his contempt for the man.
Tony frowned at the comment, until he realized Steve meant the nightmares. “What? No, Steve, this isn’t your fault. I’m just...I’m a hot mess.” Tony sighed, and Steve laid his hand against Tony’s cheek, gently stroking the dark circle under his left eye.
Steve chewed it over for a moment. “Just that a man named Kray was behind this. They were after Tony, and I was an unintentional addition,” Steve said. “They wanted Tony to build a device- a large-scale sonic taser- but he refused.”
Blade had discovered after the first hour that having more knives meant he could in fact leave some of them in Steve, and that this would obviously prevent the serum from healing the wound. What he didn’t fully realize- and what Steve was dreading- was that the wounds were trying to heal internally around the blades, and that when they were eventually removed, Blade would tear the wound open again. It would be painful.
“Exactly,” Steve says, making Tony look over at him sharply. “Without you, it could potentially be an instrument of destruction. But with you...Tony, with you, all I see is creation and- and innovation. All I see is a man who- despite having been the target of countless enemies and far less than honorable intentions- chose the path to fix his mistakes.” Steve watched Tony take in his words.
Steve had become aware of his surroundings about two minutes ago, but he’d heard voices and decided he had an advantage in feigning unconsciousness. Unfortunately, the voices stopped shortly after he had awoken. The only thing he could gather was that at least two other men were here with them. The bomb, or whatever it was, had to have been planted above Tony’s workshop. It was likely he had been the target, and Steve had simply been a bonus in the whole operation.
Steve nodded and looked back down at the crossword, before realizing he hadn’t even brought a pencil with him. He looked back up at Tony, who was studying Steve with a curious expression. He handed Steve a pen and leaned his elbows on the desk in front of Steve.
“Distract me?” Steve asked with a small smile.
After agonizing seconds of simply staring at the elevator number slowly reach seven, Steve took a deep breath before emerging into the waiting room.  He needed to calm down.  Tony only had minor injuries; there was no need for him to tear the place apart in his haste to reach him.
Tony looked up as JARVIS projected Steve’s text in front of him.
“How are your feet, Cap?” Tony asked. His faceplate was still down, and Steve was simultaneously glad to see Iron Man again yet somehow also wishing he could see Tony’s face.
“What’d I tell you?” Tony said, half-teasingly. “Who needs a healing factor?” Tony was sounding a little breathless, which encouraged Steve to rest his hand more fully on Tony’s. He watched Tony’s adam’s apple bob up and down as he swallowed.
What Steve really wanted was to feel Tony’s palm against his- feel the callouses that were likely there, built up from hours spent creating in the lab. He wanted to know what Tony was thinking right now- whether Steve was being clear about what he wanted or if he needed to use his words, which he wasn’t always good at.
---------------------------------------------
But Steve calmed himself, thinking logically that they must’ve given Tony some of what they’d given Steve. And if it’d taken this long for it to wear off for him with the serum, it would likely take a little longer for Tony.
“Of course, Sir.”
Steve reached for it, and this time, didn’t stop his fingers from softly grazing the back of Tony’s hand around the healing burn. His fingertips lingered there, and he didn’t pull away. Neither did Tony.
“Steve, you-- you’re here,” Tony stuttered, a pretty redundant remark but his higher brain functions weren’t working at present.
“Yeah, its-” Tony bit his lip slightly in thought, and lowered his voice. “It’s the way he talked about where we are...‘They won’t even think to look.’ Like we’re in plain sight or something.” Tony looked up at Steve as they both considered that. “Anyway,” Tony continued. “Night, Steve.”
“Spectacular,” Tony mumbled to himself, rubbing his forehead where a headache was beginning to bloom. He supposed if he was up, he was up. “Get the coffee started in the lab, then.”
“Tony,” Steve began softly. “I know my own feelings. And I won’t let someone else tell me how I feel.” Tony looked up at him, chastened, and Steve took a deep breath. “I can’t tell you that nothing will go wrong because I don’t know that. What I can say is that what I feel for you is...it’s intense. If you don’t think this- whatever’s going on between us- is worth exploring, I’ll respect that...”
“Are you kidding me?” Tony said, instead of voicing the thoughts swirling through his mind. “Yes. Beach. It’s perfect. I have some trunks you can borrow.” Steve’s smile was so pleased that Tony felt he might be spending the rest of his life trying to make it reappear at every opportunity.
“Well,” Steve said, putting his and Tony’s dishes in the sink. “You could stop thinking about work for a minute and follow me upstairs.” Steve smirked at Tony and slid past him to walk toward the staircase.
With that, Steve started to kiss Tony’s neck and jaw, and Tony was helpless to resist him. The tools in his hands clattered to the work table as he turned around in Steve’s arms and kissed him until he couldn’t breathe, his hands roaming every part of Steve that he could reach. He’d be embarrassed if Steve wasn’t so obviously as eager as Tony was.
“Me too,” Tony said, pulling Steve closer by the hand on his back.
“Yes, dinner,” Steve said. “And maybe we could talk. About stuff.” Tony nodded and fidgeted with his hands, not knowing where to look. Steve could practically feel him vibrating with nervous energy.
“Sir, you’ve just received a message from Captain Rogers.”
“Good. I mean- she was very ‘Pepper’ about the whole thing.” When Steve raised an eyebrow, Tony elaborated. “There was some yelling, then some crying, and then she got over it and started hounding me about S.I. business.”
“I remember what I saw- aliens, wormholes, space- and I...can’t even comprehend...” Tony swallowed thickly, but forced himself to continue. “I try to sleep, and I can’t. I come down here. Do what I know. Try to prepare for the next mission- the next threat. It’s the only thing holding me together. That and...you.” Steve’s arms were still crossed over his chest, but his eyes didn’t look angry. “I have to protect what’s most important. You, the Avengers, Pepper, Rhodey- you’re my family. I can’t...”
Steve smirked. “This is you showing restraint?”
Tony sighed and rubbed his forehead where there was an almost constant headache these days. He watched as Steve seemed to take in the lab around him for the first time since he’d arrived. And Tony saw the lab through Steve’s eyes- rows of Iron Man suits that hadn’t existed only weeks ago, new inventions strewn across almost every surface, coffee mugs scattered throughout the space since Tony hadn’t bothered washing them. A muscle in Steve’s jaw ticked, and Tony felt a lecture coming on.
-----------------------------------------
“Well, I’m not,” Tony said in a hoarse whisper. “I can’t do this, Steve. I can’t watch them-- You don’t know what it’s like...”
Tony gave him an exasperated smile. “Thanks for the pep talk, Cap.”
Steve’s whole body felt like it was burning, yet Tony was barely touching him. Tony’s hand around Steve’s wrist clenched every few seconds and it was a reminder that this was affecting Tony as much as it was affecting Steve.
When Steve walked into the kitchen the next morning, Clint was making breakfast at the stove and Natasha was sitting at the counter, reading the paper. She spotted Steve and immediately pulled the crossword out for him. Steve smiled at the act of familiarity.
It had been fun for a while- science bros doing sciencey things all hours of the day without interruption. But eventually, Tony realized he should maybe start acting like the owner of a multi-billion dollar tech conglomerate, and get on a plane to LA. Even if tinkering with toys in his lab was what led to said ‘conglomerate,’ there was boring paperwork and meetings that needed his attention. And without Steve in New York or more than half of the other Avengers, Tony felt like he was in a state of limbo.
“Morning,” Bruce said, in his usual, calm voice. Steve could never understand how this man had been dealt the card of a rage monster.
Later, when Steve lay worn out on his stomach and Tony lay on his side next to him, stroking his back with a lazy hand, Tony spoke up. “Steve...how are you so okay with all of this?”
“Honestly, I don’t really remember,” Tony’s eyebrows bunched together, and he looked down at the bed sheet.  “I think I must’ve fallen asleep or something.  I don’t know.”
Steve saw SHIELD agents he recognized and realized he didn’t know who to trust in that moment. He had a feeling allegiances amongst agents were still being worked out, but what caught his attention more was the shield that was slung across Natasha’s back.
Tony was never up this early. Steve checked his watch again to make sure. Yep, six-thirty three. He grabbed the crossword and took one more sip of his coffee, before pouring a fresh cup and heading down to the workshop.
“You are a spy,” Steve said, his mouth quirking up at the corner slightly.
Tony had been lounging happily on his towel watching Steve slice through the water (because of course he was taking this opportunity to get in some exercise), when the vision of Steve rising from the ocean like a Greek god made Tony feel suddenly very hot and very inappropriate for being in a somewhat public space.
Tony bit his bottom lip and nodded slightly. “See you.”
He also wanted to get closer to Tony to make sure he wasn’t banged up at all. He looked alright from the outside, but Steve had no idea what kind of twisted things Kray might’ve been saying to him all day.
Tony turned around in Steve’s arms, resting a hand on Steve’s hip and giving him a small, intimate smile. Steve thought he’d never get used to the sight of Tony in his bed, sharing those smiles with him. The arc reactor glowed between them, casting blue light across Tony’s features.
Steve smirked and dragged his hands slowly down Tony’s back. “Of course, just show me where and I’ll get to work.”
“What was their name?” Steve asked.
“I’m glad you’ve made that decision for everyone,” Steve bit out, standing abruptly so he jostled the table and rattled the dishware. He grabbed his plate and stormed toward the kitchen, scraping the rest of his food into the trash. He was angrily scrubbing his dish under the faucet, the water hot enough to scald, when Tony leaned carefully against the counter next to him.
“Time?”
Steve nodded slowly and took a chance, dipping down to gently drag the tip of his nose up Tony’s neck to his ear and over his cheekbone. “Like coffee and metal and whatever cologne you always wear.” Steve pulled away to see Tony’s expression, which was a mixture of dazed and turned on. He felt around for Tony’s hand, brushing against his fingertips, his hand still wet and soapy from the sink. Tony’s fingers twitched toward Steve’s, like he was tempted to take his hand.
Tony huffed and shook his head, looking down at his hands in his lap. “‘Just like always.’ Yeah, and I’m sure there’ll be a next time, too,” Tony’s tone was bitter.
“Can I expect a response from you on that by Monday?” Steve asked. Fury raised an eyebrow and there was a beat of tension, before he actually laughed.
Tony wasn’t looking at Steve anymore, so Steve reached over to turn his chin towards him.
“Three letters, but that’s all I got.”
“To-” Steve tried, but Tony cut him off.
When he finally spoke, he’d whispered to Steve that he’d thought they were getting suspicious and had hidden the mechanism in their lab in case they checked his cell. Steve nodded in understanding, always amazed by the way Tony could think ahead.
Steve processed that, and belatedly turned off the faucet, sending the room into silence. He watched the way Tony blinked rapidly, trying to reign in whatever he’d thought he’d just revealed.
Steve raised his brows at Tony in disbelief, but Tony just shrugged.
“Sounds like a deal,” he smiled and Steve returned it.  “Anyway, I’m actually feeling tired, so I think I’m gonna close my eyes for a bit.”
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” Tony said breathlessly, holding onto Steve’s forearm with a viselike grip.
He was feeling a bit lightheaded and painfully aroused, when Tony tugged him by his hair back toward his mouth, capturing Steve’s lips in a searing kiss that was becoming a signature of his. He finished it off with a playful nip at Steve’s bottom lip as he pulled away, and Steve had to restrain himself from immediately following.
He trailed off, and Steve gave his hand another squeeze.
“That’s not true, Tony. You’ve changed in the eyes of people that matter. And if all people wanted from you were weapons, then explain me. Do you think I want weapons from you, Tony?”
“Very well, Sir.” JARVIS would’ve sounded long-suffering, if he were human.
“It could be...try ‘Elm’,” Tony hardly seemed like he was paying attention, but Steve had learned that Tony could focus on multiple things at once.
“Tony,” Steve sounded long-suffering, but his mouth was pulling up at the corners. “You’re insufferable.” But he was letting himself be tugged. Tony laid all the way back as Steve’s six-foot-two frame covered him, his forearms coming to frame Tony’s face.
After he’d eaten and was able to slip away from his teammates, who were a little clingy at the moment (not that Steve could blame them), he fell into his bed and was nearly asleep the moment his head hit the pillow. His last thought that he could remember was that he needed to talk to Tony tomorrow...
Maybe it had always been attraction, but it had taken him this long to acknowledge it. He certainly couldn’t imagine being just friends with Tony anymore. Even if this relationship didn’t last forever, and Steve was forced to go back to a friendship with Tony, he knew he would always love him in a different way than anyone else in his life.
It was several more moments before Steve could pull himself away. And when he did, he only pulled back enough to see Tony’s expression. His eyes were still closed and his lips parted. Steve watched him for a beat, waiting for a reaction. But when he didn’t, Steve spoke tentatively. “Tony?”
Steve took a deep breath and nodded at Tony, before they both straightened from their crouch and started running toward their teammates. Hawkeye was the first to spot them, obvious by the arrows that started picking off any people aiming guns at them.
“I’m trying to do the right thing here, Steve,” Tony murmured, but Steve refused to acknowledge him. “Talk to me.”
“You sounded really Brooklyn for a bit there, Cap.” Steve rolled his eyes, but smiled down at his lap. “I wish I’d gotten to know that little guy from Brooklyn,” Tony said, still smiling.
At the sound of his name, Blade stopped playing around and dug the tip of the knife into Steve’s shoulder, dragging it across his chest. The suddenness of the cut made Steve breathe in sharply, but he recovered quickly enough, steeling his features into a hard mask. As they watched, the bleeding stopped and the cut began to heal, slowly but still faster than average.
Natasha smiled and Steve immediately shed the gun in his hand as Natasha smoothly detached the shield from her back, and in the same motion, flung it toward Steve. As soon as the shield was in his hands, Steve felt like he could do anything.
“I’m just...tired, Steve. And I’d much rather be spending my time with you- preferably in bed,” Steve bit back a smile. “But I can’t because I let you down.” Steve started to respond, but Tony cut him off. “It’s my job to make sure no one wishing us harm can get in and out of this tower, but it happened and you were hurt because of it. I can’t make up for it, but I can ensure it never happens again.”
Steve smiled and patted Thor on the back. “I’m fine, Thor,” Steve said. “And Tony, too. Although medical should check him for concussion symptoms. He hit his head during the explosion when we were kidnapped.”
Steve would always be amazed by Tony’s intelligence, his ability to invent and create, even when he had the bare minimum of resources at his disposal. Steve tried to imagine what the arc reactor was doing beneath the outer casing, powering the electromagnet that was pulling the shrapnel in Tony’s veins away from his heart. It seemed so small for everything it was doing to keep Tony alive.
Tony breathed in deeply, his eyes blinking open as his body lengthened and stretched slightly from his curled-up position. The motion and the view made Steve’s toes curl with desire, but he wasn’t in any hurry to go another round tonight.
Don’t give up, Tony. I’m not done fighting.
Steve smiled and looked away quickly. He didn’t know why his neck suddenly felt hot, except that Tony’s voice had sounded kind of like the way he’d used to talk to Pepper.
“He’s set to meet us at the Tower. He’s got some questions,” Hill responded.
Steve bit his lip, and figured now was as good a time as any. “Well, you wouldn’t have to worry about that- with us, I mean.” Tony looked up at Steve sharply, but Steve kept going. “I’m right there with you risking my life every day. At least, we’d both be out there to look out for one another.”
They were both worn out, so the kiss didn’t go further, but Steve felt like he’d be able to go again pretty soon. He shut his eyes and groaned at the feeling of Tony’s warm hand smoothing one, long motion from Steve’s shoulder down to the back of his thigh. Steve responded by drawing his hand up Tony’s abdomen and chest, his thumb dragging over Tony’s nipple and causing Tony’s hips to spasm.
Tony blinked rapidly down at his hands and nodded. Yeah, he knew what Steve meant.
He only had to wait a moment before Tony predictably spoke again.
“Just a suit? Come on, Cap. Put any one of these guys in that suit and it becomes hostile. The suit is only as moral as its pilot.”
Tony sighed and met his eyes again.
“Here and there. When I can,” Tony said, rather pathetically if his aim was not to worry Steve. And predictably, Steve frowned in concern.
Steve nodded and penciled the letters into the crossword. That meant thirty-nine down could maybe be ‘Scour.’ Steve tried it out and skipped fifty across (clue: ‘Guy,’ which at the conclusion of the crossword would read ‘Dude,’ a word he’d never used nor ever would’ve guessed) when Bruce strolled into the kitchen.
“Captain! I regret that it took us so long to find you. You look in good health despite the-” Thor took in Steve’s shirtless and barefoot self, “-lack of suitable protection.”
“Tony,” Steve bit his lip anxiously. “I’m really serious about this- us. And I feel like you might be too...” Steve waited until Tony nodded at him to continue. “I don’t want to hide this from the team. I want to be able to...pursue whatever I’m feeling when I’m around you, and I won’t be able to do that if I have to hide it around them. And anyway, I don’t think I’d be able to keep my hands off of you for that long, now that I’m allowed.”
Kray turned his attention to Steve with a disinterested glance. “Blade, you’ve worked hard enough today, I think,” Kray said. “Take your toys, but leave them with something to think about.”
He’d moved his face closer while he’d been talking, or maybe Tony had moved closer. But now their foreheads were nearly touching, and Steve could feel Tony’s shaky inhale. And it was easy for Steve to close the remaining distance.
That didn’t leave a lot of options for what might’ve happened, and Steve didn’t have any explanation.  All the doctor had said on the phone was that Tony had been in an accident hours ago with minor injuries, and that no one else had been hurt.
“What were you thinking about?” Tony asked into the quiet, his hand moving into Steve’s hair and gently massaging his scalp.
“Wish I could say the same,” Tony said.
They ate just like that, hunched over the island, their heads close as they talked about mindless topics. It was becoming familiar to Tony, this whole date night in the kitchen thing they were doing.
He’d often thought about how unfair it was that his teammates, excluding Thor who never seemed to get injured too badly, had to experience the slow-going, painful healing process after almost every mission. The only consolation was that at least painkillers worked for the others.
“You won’t leave, will you,” Tony said, not a question but a statement of fact. He wasn’t talking about DC, either. Somehow- and it was too early to feel this so absolutely- but somehow Tony knew Steve wasn’t ever going to leave this. Them. He’d never felt so sure about something since he’d built Iron Man to destroy his weapons in the hands of terrorists.
“I’m not stupid, okay? I can see how I’m carrying on isn’t healthy,” Tony took a deep breath. He couldn’t believe they were really gonna get into this right now. “I’m-- nothing has been the same since New York.” Steve’s frown deepened, but he didn’t try to interject.
They both quickly reacted, Steve with his fists and Tony with...a repulsor? Steve focused on dodging bullets and knocking out his assailants, which got easier after he acquired one’s gun and was able to incapacitate the others. Upon closer inspection, Tony had rigged a repulsor like device in his palm that had wires running up his arm and under his shirt to the reactor.
“It looks great, Steve,” Tony said, and Steve didn’t understand why there was a hint of sadness to his tone. But he was determined to show Tony a good time, even if there was something wrong Tony wasn’t talking about. “If only My Virgin Kitchen knew Captain America was watching his videos.”
“As you wish, Sir.” Tony could’ve sworn Jarvis sounded unenthusiastic about the instruction, but it wasn’t in his programming to disobey Tony. So when Tony arrived in his lab after a quick shower (and a few minutes of willing the shaking in his hands to stop), the familiar smell of fresh coffee emanated.
They stopped in front of Tony’s cell and the boss smiled down at Tony. He motioned to the men behind him, and they immediately opened Tony’s cell and each grabbed an arm, dragging him to a standing position. Tony didn’t make a sound, but Steve still sprung up to a protective stance.
“Well, then,” Kray continued. “Blade will do his worst, and then we’ll see if you’re feeling any differently on the matter.” Blade grinned at Steve, his blood dripping from the knife. “I don’t particularly enjoy the screams, so I’ll be back once I feel you’ve had your fair share of them,” Kray finished.
Tony gave a bitter laugh. “Not how you think you do, Steve. You want Iron Man.”
Steve nodded.
Steve slammed on the breaks as he got caught at yet another red light, huffing out a breath of frustration.  It seemed to him that he was catching every red light no matter which street he turned down.
“Thanks, Bruce,” Steve said, smiling in gratitude. Steve leaned his head in his hand, glancing between the crossword and Tony and trying to act casual.
Tony didn’t speak for a bit, but Steve could feel him building up to something. Eventually, he sighed. “I know you think I’ve made up for my mistakes, Steve, but you didn’t know me before,” Tony said. “I didn’t deserve a second chance. And, honestly, I don’t think I would’ve asked for one.”
So, that had gone well.
“Do you have any idea how much restraint I’m showing at the moment?” Tony asked.
“Yeah,” Steve finished. “Don’t worry about it.”
“Well, until next week,” Tony answered. “So?  What’d you think?”
Steve nodded. This was exactly why Fury couldn’t talk to Tony. “Sir, I wanted to tell you that I will submit a full report of what occurred down there. I’ll even answer any questions you have right now,” Steve said. “But I think- well, I know- that it would be best if you didn’t ask the same of Tony.”
“Morning,” Steve responded, smiling at Bruce as he poured his coffee.
“You’re in control of what happens next, Stark,” Kray said. “Say the right words, and all of this stops.”
“Duly noted. Run sequence.”
“I’ll head up and make us something. Join me in half an hour?” Steve asked. Tony nodded hesitantly. He felt like he’d missed something. But Steve just smiled at him and kissed Tony on the cheek, before striding from the lab.
“She’s the ultimate drag superstar.  I mean, look at how flawless she looks,” Clint sounded starstruck.
-----------------------------------------
Steve looked back at him. “You did,” Steve said, earnestly. Tony blinked at that, but eventually nodded. Neither of them said anything for a minute but Steve could see how exhausted Tony was. “Try to get some sleep,” Steve said.
“I thought I’d left at least this one evil in the past, but...” Steve shook his head. Tony watched as he shrugged away his worry and adopted the smile that he’d arrived with. It was a display which impressed Tony because it rivaled his own ability to bury emotion. “Anyway, I don’t want to think about it- at least for tonight. I just want to focus on you.”
He watched Steve march out of the lab, his hair still sticking up on one side, probably permanently until he eventually showered. God, Tony was so lucky.
“Figured out where the cameras are,” Steve said. “And this...” He took ahold of two bars between them and pulled gently until they shifted slightly. Tony looked up at him in thought. “I know you’re planning something, Tony,” Steve spoke even quieter than they had been. “And I can help. When the time comes.”
Tony didn’t miss the way Steve had given him an out, if he didn’t feel like going. But he would be crazy not to want to see Steve in wet swim trunks, the sun glistening off of the water against his skin. God, he was getting worked up just thinking about it.
“Jesus, we’ve had some heavy talks recently,” Tony said. “I promise being in a relationship with me will be more fun than this.”
“Just...thought of some improvements I could make to the suit,” Tony lied. He didn’t even know why, just that he didn’t want to give too much away of his true feelings. He was pretty sick of listening to his own thoughts, let alone repeating them out loud.
He didn’t understand why it was getting worse. He was happy, he thought. He had Steve- even if he wasn’t physically with him- and his company was stable, at least for the time being. And he was back in California where he didn’t have to deal with the snow and the cold of a New York winter, which always depressed him.
“I like being here with you,” Steve continued, taking another bite of his apple that drew Tony’s attention to his jaw and throat. There was no way Steve wasn’t doing that on purpose, and the smirk on his face was a good indication of that fact. Tony shook his head around a fond smile, and leaned his forehead against Steve’s warm shoulder briefly before straightening back up. “The ocean is beautiful. Could we-- I’d like to go to the beach, maybe. If you’re not too busy. I know you can’t just drop everything because I’m here.”
“Ions,” Tony answered, around the rim of his coffee mug.
Tony nodded again and laid down on his side, facing Steve. Steve could almost reach through the bars and touch him. He was surprised by how much he wanted to.
“Wow,” Bruce said, almost to himself. He cleared his throat. “I mean, that’s- good, right? Are you two...” Bruce seemed not to know how to finish the question, but Steve got the idea.
“Again, Steve. This is happening again, and this time you’re dragged into my mess,” Tony’s voice was full of self-loathing.
“I-I’m interested, Steve. God, I’m more- I’m...” Steve slid his other hand around Tony’s back, feeling the muscles flex under his hand and pulling Tony closer until their chests touched. Tony grabbed onto Steve’s hip, and his breath came faster between them. They stood there, almost kissing, but Steve was waiting for Tony to close the gap. He’d been brave already. Now, it was Tony’s turn.
So here he was in Malibu, trying to work with Pepper on his company and assure board members that he was as invested as ever, even if he was also an Avenger on the side. The rub was that Tony was in fact a little distracted from the company (see the above seventy-two hours without sleep because of tinkering with Iron Man suits).
But Iron Man was who he was now. And nothing was going to change that.
“That’s okay, Cap,” Tony said with a small laugh. “Supersoldier stuff is your thing. I’ve had about thirty years to get used to solder burns.”
“Clint, change the channel.  We’ve all had enough of Real Housewives.  Except you apparently...” Tony mumbled the last part.
Tony felt Steve move toward him, but he waited until he was right in front of him to pull Steve close, resting his forehead against Steve’s chest and wrapping his arms around his back. Steve carded his hands through Tony’s hair, his fingers massaging Tony’s scalp until the headache that had been persisting for weeks was a dull memory.
“Captain,” Fury greeted him. “Glad to see you’re still kicking.” Steve could never tell when Fury was being funny.
“What kind of things do they compete in?” Steve asked.
“Okay, stop talking and kiss me,” Steve said.
Steve wrote it into the crossword and moved onto the next clue.  They sat in companionable silence, as he worked through the puzzle, the silence occasionally interrupted by either Tony giving instructions to JARVIS or Steve asking another question.
The boss smiled and shook his head. “You should feel honored, Stark,” he pointed at Tony. “You should be thanking me.”
Nat sighed, and Steve braced himself for her next words. “I can’t tell you what to do here, Steve. You both are grown men, and you can make your own choices.” Steve sensed a ‘but’ coming. “No one who knows either of you can deny that you both care about one another a lot. But you are both extremely stubborn men, and have been known to get pretty hot-headed in the past when you disagree.”
The boss smiled at that too. “So, now you want to know? You can call me Kray.”
And Tony got back to work.
“Yelling?” Steve asked, perplexed.
Steve nodded reluctantly- even though he wanted to argue with Tony- because he knew it was what Tony needed in that moment. Tony knew how Steve felt on the matter, but he couldn’t expect Tony to change his mind just like that. Steve could certainly be just as stubborn when it came to his own irrational anxieties.
“Tony, you aren’t sleeping. And you’re waking up, gasping for breath, from nightmares that you won’t acknowledge,” Steve continued, before Tony could interrupt. “I understand if you don’t want to talk about it. God knows, I don’t want to talk about my nightmares. But you can’t go on pretending it’s not happening.”
He stroked Steve’s side until his breaths were long and deep, signaling he was asleep. Tony knew he wouldn’t get any more rest tonight, so he slipped out of bed as carefully as he could, threw on some jeans and headed down to the lab. Maybe one day, his method of distraction would mean he could sleep easier at night. But not tonight.
“Mmm, just about...how I really really like you,” Steve managed to get out through the haze of comfort. Tony kissed him gently again, and Steve thought he was gonna melt through the bed.
They were both very handsy at the moment.
“I think I can manage that,” Tony muttered to himself, sliding off his chair and briskly following.
Tony groaned. “You’re not playing fair.” Steve’s teeth released his lip and stared down at Tony’s own. And why couldn’t he kiss his boyfriend on his own private beach if he wanted to? His boyfriend who was already lying on top of him in all his wet, sandy glory? So he did.
Tony rubbed his forehead, something he’d been doing more and more over the last couple of hours. He spoke again before Steve could respond.
“Uhh, ‘I Think I Smell ‘blank,’ by the White Stripes’?” Steve knew for a fact that no amount of thinking would reveal that answer to him.
Steve shrugged as best he could from his horizontal position. “Okay, but your age isn’t what matters to me Tony. It’s you that matters.” Tony pursed his lips at the cheesy line. “And anyway, I like your wrinkles.”
----------------------------------------
“I didn’t realize it at the time,” Steve argued. “I was definitely annoyed with you, but it was just for a very different reason than I thought.”
Steve smiled as he followed after Tony to the end of the hall, where a stairway led up toward the sounds of gunfire. Tony shook out his shoulders and started through the doorway, but Steve grabbed his wrist. “You’re not wearing any armor, Tony.”
“Right away, Captain,” Tony said, cheekily, but he followed Steve’s orders enthusiastically.
...Except he didn’t get the chance. When he’d awoken the next day, Tony was already gone, whisked away by Pepper and Rhodey, who had evidently been assisting with the search for him and Steve any way they could.
“We truly didn’t mean to take you, Captain. You were simply in the wrong place at the wrong time,” the man said. “Although, now that you’re here, we can at least keep track of you. Not to mention, use you as motivation for Mr. Stark.”
“You’re wrong,” Steve says firmly. Tony’s expression turns sharp, but Steve’s tired of this pity party. “Tony, so many people care about you and depend on you. Me, the Avengers, Pepper and Rhodey. And even Fury, in his own way.” Tony gave Steve a long-suffering look.
Steve reached the workshop door and typed in his access code, waiting for the click that signalled the door was unlocked. Tony was at his desk, and his back was to Steve, but it looked to him like he was typing on one of the three keyboards laid out in front of him.
Steve watched as the suitcase sprung open and Tony pulled the compact suit onto his chest, the rest of it forming effortlessly around him. “Thank, Christ,” Tony muttered just before the faceplate closed, but Steve caught it and smiled to himself.
Oh God. Tony watched the play of emotions on Steve’s face- anger, sadness, regret, and a fiery determination. Tony didn’t understand how Steve hadn’t told him this sooner, but then again, perhaps they’d only just figured it out.
“Certainly, Captain.”
The man to his right shook his head. “Sheesh. Take away his armor and he’s not so tough anymore, is he?”
“Don’t,” Tony said, his voice cracking.
Tony was mostly thrilled that Steve was here, but he was also dreading the inevitable questions. So in an attempt to avoid that conversation for as long as possible, Tony was bent over his workbench, tinkering with the Mark 42 when Steve entered the lab behind him.
Nat pursed her lips and looked down at the counter, before meeting Steve’s eyes head-on. “I’m not at all surprised, no, seeing as you just went through something pretty traumatising and life-bonding with each other. Not to mention the looks you’ve been giving each other for months, and how pleased you were yesterday.”
Tony’s slow, even breathing meant he was still asleep, so Steve took the time to lightly trace the scarred skin around the reactor, having not been able to see it well in the dark last night. The scars stretched out from the reactor like a star, and Steve felt a sharp pang in his chest at how close Tony had come to death.
“Please come to bed,” Steve said, biting his lip because he could tell Tony got distracted when he did so. “All of this will be here in the morning, and it sounds like you won’t get any further with it tonight.” Tony was indeed distracted by Steve’s lower lip. “I’m also being selfish because I’d really like a repeat of last night...and maybe we could try your room this time.”
“Very interesting,” Kray said, with a thoughtful expression. “Anything to add?” Kray raised an eyebrow at Tony, but he was just as stubborn as before, though his breath was coming a little faster.
Steve dropped the plate in the sink, likely breaking it, and turned toward Tony. “And tell you what, Tony? What could I say? You’ve already made up your mind.”
One of the men looked over at Steve’s cell and saw him watching them. “But look who is awake.” This caused the other men to look at him. The man in front stepped in front of his cell, eyeing him for a moment without saying anything.
“How can you explain that one, Cap?” Tony said, derisively. “We wouldn’t be here at all if it weren’t for the things I invented for Stark Industries weapons manufacturing. Or if I hadn’t built Iron Man.”
“Who are these people?  What are they doing?” Steve might’ve been embarrassed once upon a time by his confusion, but he’d learned now that no one felt it a chore to explain these things to him.
----------------------------------------------
Blade, as he was apparently called, grinned and moved to trail his knife almost delicately across Steve’s chest. But even the barely-there pressure caused a thin trail of blood to well-up in the knife’s path. Whether they realized it or not, it was actually less painful for Steve if the knife was well sharpened. Better than a dull blade would’ve been. He wouldn’t be telling them that, though.
Steve dragged his lips across Tony’s collarbone, his breath huffing against his skin in short bursts. Tony thought he could feel every muscle in Steve’s body at once. He wanted to know Steve’s body better than anyone-- better than even Steve. He didn’t know if that was possible, but he wanted to try.
“What are you thinking about?” Steve asked.
He didn’t catch sight of Tony all day, which Steve knew meant he was wrapped up in work in the lab. When it got to be midnight and there was still no sight of him, Steve made his way downstairs. Tony was in the lab with the music blaring, same as usual, but he was sitting at his workstation, his elbows resting on the desk and his head in his hands. Steve frowned and made his way to Tony’s side.
Tony had refused Kray outright and Steve had nodded to him in reassurance. But Kray had simply said ‘We’ll see,’ and disappeared with his men without another word. There hadn’t been a glimpse of them since, and Steve guessed that they were probably planning on starving them out for at least a day before trying again. No harm in trying to break them down when they felt hungry and weak.
But he wasn’t okay. And something had to change soon if there was any hope of Tony being battle-ready in the event of an Avengers-level threat. And that was all part of the problem wasn’t it? It was the very idea of those ‘Avengers-level threats’ that had him unable to sleep yet tirelessly working in the lab to prepare for.
Steve didn’t know where to start with all of that. He hadn’t even considered that this would feel similar to the cave Tony had been held prisoner in, which was stupid of him. He didn’t know a lot about Tony’s time in Afghanistan, but not for lack of trying. He’d asked Tony about it once and the response had been, ‘That’s for me to know, Cap.’ He didn’t know if Tony had ever really talked about it to anyone.
Tony rolled his eyes, but placed the phone on the table beside the bed, so Steve counted it as a win.
Steve could tell there was debris on top of them, weighing his back down slightly- probably the remnants of the desk they’d dove under. He tried to keep the weight off of Tony while he listened for the voices. It was quiet, though, except for the faint sounds of water leaking from the ceiling somewhere and an alarm going off distantly.
After he’d showered and changed, he emerged into the common space to look for food, finding the rest of the team was already there. And they’d ordered pizza.
“Hey, Cap,” Tony spoke into his ear.
Steve wanted to shout at Natasha, but he didn’t want to distract her. So instead, he and Tony ran until they were within her eyesight, Steve picking off attackers with his gun and Tony utilizing his makeshift repulsor.
“I’m not trying to fix you, Tony,” Steve said. “I’m just trying to help. Look around you. Can’t you see you’re running yourself ragged?”
Steve just smiled and moved his arm from underneath him so he could lay a gentle hand against Tony’s jaw. He stroked his thumb over Tony’s chin and lightly over his lower lip to get Tony to stop biting it nervously.
He jerked awake, but he was still gasping for air.
“No, Steve,” Tony protested, looking a bit desperate. “Please just- let me explain.” Steve didn’t know if he wanted to hear more, but he nodded reluctantly. “I know you think you want to...be with me-” Steve bristled at how condescending that sounded. “-but you don’t realize what it would actually be like. I’m a very difficult person to get along with, I’ll be the first to admit. I’m better in small doses.”
With that, Fury saw himself out, his leather coat rippling behind him. When the elevator doors had slid shut, Steve thought that he could really use a shower now. And then an enormous meal. And then, at least, one good night’s sleep.
“I just don’t know if-” Tony cut himself off, taking a deep breath like he was preparing for a battle.
The whole interaction had been so fast that Steve had had to lay groggily on the ground until the sedative wore off enough for him to get closer to where Tony kneeled watching him. Steve had wrapped his hand around where Tony’s clutched the bar, knuckles white with the force of his grip.
“JARVIS, is Bruce still asleep?” Steve figured he’d have a better chance of Bruce being awake.
His wrists were unchained and he collapsed to the ground, gasping slightly from jarring his injuries. He heard one man leave but was helpless to prevent the kick to the face that likely came from Blade’s boot. He stayed on the ground until he heard the cell doors lock and all the footsteps recede as the sedative began to wear off. There was blood flowing from his nose, which was definitely broken, but it would heal.
-------------------------------------------
They were eating breakfast on the balcony when it occurred to Tony that this might be Steve’s first time in California.
He and Steve hadn’t really been able to spend much time together outside of Avengers Tower, since Steve had been called away to DC and Tony to Los Angeles. They also hadn’t really discussed telling anyone about their relationship besides the Avengers and their friends. Tony had no idea whether going on dates outside of the house was even in the cards.
Steve nodded, satisfied. “It’s not just me, Tony,” Steve added, quietly. “You may pretend like you only care about yourself, sometimes, but you’re one of the most selfless people I know.” Tony gave a small, self-deprecating laugh, but Steve interrupted him. “No, don’t do that. Don’t brush it off,” Steve said. “I’ve rarely seen someone so dedicated to helping the world be a safer place. It’s why you’re an Avenger.”
“We were taken from your lab this morning when they set off an explosion,” Steve said. “I don’t know where we are or who they are, except that there are at least five people involved, likely more, and we’re in cells underground.”
So he did.  In fact, they all watched the marathon for several hours, until there were only three women left.  The program ended and a different show was about to start, when almost all of his teammates turned their heads to look at him.
“Well, it sure wasn’t flirting,” Tony muttered back.
Steve hummed against his neck, and Tony could feel the reverberation from Steve’s chest against his back. “Thought I’d surprise you.” Steve’s hands slowly caressed Tony’s abdomen, and Tony longed to feel those palms against his bare skin. “Missed you.”
Steve sighed. “I just-- want to know what you’re thinking.”
At some point, after they’d been lying in an exhausted but comfortable quiet, drifting in and out of consciousness, a phone started vibrating somewhere. Neither of them could be bothered to move (Tony didn’t know if he could, even if he wanted to). But JARVIS interrupted the peace of the moment.
It had become a sort of habit for him to complete the daily crossword in the newspaper every morning. He rarely seemed to know the answers, but it helped catch him up, in a small way. These days, he took every chance he could get, no matter how small.
Steve tested his hand restraints but they were reinforced somehow. It seemed that they’d made some preparations for an enhanced person, but Steve knew it couldn’t have been him, considering the conversation he’d overheard back in Tony’s lab. Maybe it was supposed to be for the Iron Man suit. He looked over at Tony again, taking comfort from the rise and fall of his chest.
“I love you too, buddy,” Tony mumbled.
What Tony hadn’t taken into account when he’d agreed to this was the fact that a glistening, sun-warmed Steve was very hard to keep his hands off of. Not to mention the trunks he’d given him to borrow were definitely too small for Steve, unless he was going for a European look. In which case, they fit him perfectly.
Steve laughed as Tony stood abruptly and dragged him by the hand out of the lab and up the stairs toward his suite.
Steve shifted his arm slightly, his fingers going numb from the weight of Tony’s head on his shoulder.  He wasn’t complaining, though.
Tony couldn’t help the pleased sigh that escaped his lips at the feeling of Steve’s arms around him after weeks without. Steve nosed along Tony’s neck and behind his ear, the action reminding Tony of the bizarre fact that Steve seemed to like how he smelled.
“Tony.” Tony lowered his head slightly to catch Steve’s eyes, but didn’t speak. “Talk to me,” Steve said. It took another beat, but eventually Tony spoke.
Tony just looked up at Steve with resigned eyes, like he’d made up his mind about this. Before Tony could respond, the footsteps were returning quickly.
“Well, I thought maybe we’d...” Steve trailed off, inexplicably shy when it came to this sort of talk. But Tony knew exactly what Steve meant. “Yes. That. Let’s- do that,” Tony nodded enthusiastically and Steve grinned, hitching Tony higher on his hips before heading briskly for his bedroom, while Tony worked valiantly at sucking on Steve’s jaw until it bruised.
Bruce took a seat at the island and Steve handed him the rest of the newspaper he wasn’t using. Bruce nodded his thanks and settled in with his coffee. It could almost be like nothing was different, if not for Tony and Steve stealing glances at one another every couple of minutes.
“Well, congratulations. I’m- well, I’m really happy for you both,” Bruce said. “I guess I didn’t expect...But I think it's a really good thing. A really good thing.” Bruce was nodding, and a smile was growing on his face as the initial shock wore off.
He remembered what Tony had told him in Kray’s cell, about the hazy memory of screaming through a surgery in a cave, one without anesthesia, while they carved out a whole in his sternum- not understanding what was happening or why. Steve couldn’t imagine. The pain of the serum entering his body had been incredible, but he’d entered into it willingly, knowing what it would mean.
Steve shook his head as he took stock of everything. “I think it’s all healing,” Steve said. “The bones will take longer, but all the cuts are gone. I’m thinking it’ll be 24 hours and I’ll be completely healed.” Steve rubbed at a spot of dried blood on his chest, the only indication that a knife had been dragged there, revealing the clean, healthy skin underneath. Tony let out a sigh.
“I don’t want you to resent me, Steve,” Tony said, pleadingly. “I need you to understand where I’m coming from.”
“Hello, Captain. Sorry if we ruined your morning.”
He reached room 708 and grabbed the clipboard hanging on the door, taking the time to look over it before facing Tony.  Broken wrist, minor scraping and bruising, collision induced CAD, which Steve knew were just fancy words for whiplash.  Steve had been informed it was minor, but it was good to have all the injuries laid out in front of him.  He always made sure to know the extent of every team member’s injury after a big fight.  His chest ached momentarily at the reminder that this hadn’t been a fight, at least not with other players involved.  He needed to talk to Tony.  The thought pushed him to replace the clipboard on the door and turn the doorknob to enter the room.
“No, please don’t look like that,” Tony shut his eyes momentarily, rubbing the crease between his brows. “I- Steve, the last thing I want is to hurt you.”
Steve and Tony had decided to eat in the team kitchen, and not Steve’s private one, in the spirit of being open with the Avengers about their relationship. And it looked like Bruce would be the first of the team they would share the news with.
Tony glimpsed the time on one of his screens: 6:04 am.
Actually, they quite enjoyed it if Steve paid attention.  They’d also seen it as an opportunity to trick him multiple times, but he’d learned now how to tell when any of his teammates were trying to fool him.  Especially Clint, since he was the culprit more often than not.  Him and Tony, really.
Hey, just wanted to text you good night :) You might be sleeping already, but some business at SHIELD ran long, so I’m only just getting back to the apartment. Call me in the morning
Tony grinned back at him, and tapped Steve’s hand gently, as he shifted up to sitting. “Come on, soldier. It’s time for a shower. Then, breakfast for you and coffee for me.”
“Fine.  You know nothing better is gonna be on at this time of day,” Clint grunted in response, although how he was so familiar with television schedules while also having the job of a superhero was a mystery to Steve.
“Tell me you’re not interested, and I’ll listen,” Steve said, his forehead nearly touching Tony’s. “But don’t give me any more excuses.”
---------------------------------------
“Huh, any guidelines?” Tony asked.
“Well, you know,” Tony said. “Fashionably late and all that.” Steve smiled, but Tony’s answering smile had an edge of tension. It reminded Steve of how he smiled at the media. Steve’s brows furrowed, but Tony sidled up to him at the stove, distracting him by asking about dinner.
Tony smirked and shrugged. “I guess we’ll see.”
“Love you, Tony,” Steve returned.
“What now, soldier?” Tony asked, as he wrapped his arms more securely around Steve’s neck.
When they came upon the next set of guards, Steve raised his gun but Tony threw something and grabbed onto Steve, tugging him behind the corner as it exploded. Steve looked at Tony with raised eyebrows. “Any other surprises?” Steve asked.
Steve sat up carefully, his breathing shallow to prevent jostling his ribs too much. He glanced down at his right thigh, where the bullet wound had stopped bleeding. Steve didn’t let himself think twice before digging out the bullet, breathing through the pain and the instinct telling him to stop.
Steve didn’t look over at Tony, not wanting to see the way they were likely restraining him to make him watch what they were about to do. Kray walked into the cell with Steve, looking over at Tony with his mocking smile. The crooked nose man from before was next to Steve, holding a knife that he was twisting around in his grip so the sharp point would catch the light. He gave a sadistic smirk to Steve.
“Oh, you do, do you?” Tony arched an eyebrow, and Steve reached his hand up to rub his thumb gently against the crow’s feet at the corner of Tony’s eye.
They immediately ran off with their guns drawn, leaving Steve and Tony in their cells.
“Hungry there, Cap?” Bruce asked, with a quirk to his mouth. Steve gave him a sheepish look, but could only nod with his mouth full.
“Cap, is it that time already?” Tony didn’t even turn in his chair as Steve came to stand next to the desk.
“I love you, Steve,” Tony said.
Tony nodded, his cheeks a faint pink. “I tend to have that effect on people,” he joked, and Steve rolled his eyes.
Steve nodded for him to go on. “I thought you’d caught onto something.”
-----------------------------------------
“Sir, I must reiterate, you’re running on seventy-two hours without sleep-”
“Interesting,” Kray said. “Again.”
Tony smiled to himself at the perfect grammar of the message, and then wider at the belated ‘I miss you’ that arrived seconds later. He never thought he’d be the type of man to smile stupidly to himself when his lover texted him, but Steve seemed to occasionally bring out that side of him.
“Tony, breathe!” Steve’s hand was clamped around his bicep, and it brought him back down to Earth. He heaved in lungfuls of air, his body shaking from the remnants of the dream. “Tony...” Steve’s worried tone registered in his mind, and he turned onto his back, Steve’s hand coming to rub Tony’s chest soothingly.
Tony jerked awake, sweating and shaking and clutching his pillow like a lifeline. The lights rose slowly as Tony lay shivering for several more moments, trying to regain his bearings.
Steve was proven right when three figures came to a stop in front of Tony’s cell. The one in front seemed to be in charge of the other two, but didn’t really seem like the boss, if Steve had to guess.
Tony was quiet for a moment, before he opened his eyes and met Steve’s through the bars of the cell. “Always putting others before yourself,” Tony gave him a small smile. “I understand, Cap. I’ll try.”
“You can’t seriously expect me to calmly watch you get tortured, Cap. I’m not that heartless,” Tony said flippantly.
He felt Tony breathe against his cheek and a hand came to rest around the wrist that clutched Tony’s neck. But he wasn’t pulling Steve away. He was holding onto him. And he was kissing him back.
He took one last glance around at his shop, still littered with the evidence of his failed test run, and decided maybe it was time to brave the nightmares again.
To make matters worse, Tony was only dressed in his jeans and a thin tank top, like he often wore in the lab. Not that Steve was much better off in his t-shirt. He thought about taking off his shirt and throwing it into Tony’s cell for him, just so he would have an extra layer, but he didn’t think it would be welcomed or appreciated.
“Right,” Steve laughed nervously. Tony narrowed his eyes slightly as Steve scanned the clues for one he obviously wouldn’t know. “Uhh, ‘Ring Great Muhammad’,” Steve read, looking up at Tony. “Three letters.”
“Woah, Captain Dramatic,” Tony said, doing what he always did and deflecting. “It’s not a big deal.”
When Steve got close enough, Tony threw him the other towel, which Steve swiped across his chest and arms to mop up some of the water, but which really did little to dry him off. Steve collapsed onto his knees in the sand, and Tony’s eyes widened when he moved as though he were going to lay on top of Tony, his hands in the sand on either side of Tony’s waist. But he aborted the movement halfway through, at the look on Tony’s face, and sat back on his heels, glancing around him with a dejected look that Tony immediately wished he could never see again.
Steve sighed, not surprised necessarily by Tony’s summary, but always taken aback by his flippant tone in these situations. “Tony, the team is looking for us now, I’m sure. We’re gonna get through this, just like always,” Steve said.
The words made a frown appear on Tony’s face, one that probably meant Kray had given something important away.
“Ah, just during one of my test runs. Don’t even really remember,” Tony said, shrugging. Steve nodded, but proceeded to kiss it gently, making Tony roll his eyes. “What a gentleman. Are you gonna kiss all my cuts and bruises better?”
“Shit, Tony. I’m a hot mess, too,” Steve’s lips quirked up at the corners. “We can’t be fixed- we don’t need to be- but we can try to make it easier on each other.” Tony nodded again, not trusting himself to speak yet. “I just want to know what’s going on in that head of yours. And you deserve to know what’s going on in mine.”
“Sure thing, Captain,” Fury shook his head. “I’ll try to put it down on paper, if I can.” Steve nodded and shook the hand that Fury held out to him. “Get some rest, Rogers. You might be back to work sooner than you think.”
He moved slightly to test his range of motion when he felt a gun pressed to the back of his neck, causing him to freeze.
It didn’t help that Steve had gone to DC to help SHIELD with their rapidly collapsing agency. When they’d first asked him, Steve hadn’t seemed keen on the idea- probably because his and Tony’s relationship was still so new and in that stage where even a day apart felt frustrating.
“Your thoughts are really loud,” Tony mumbled, his voice rough with sleep.
“Tony, I haven’t come to terms with it either, not really. I’ve become quite good at compartmentalizing, which helps me continue to function but isn’t actually healthy,” Steve said. “When I let myself think about it, it drives me crazy the way they used me against you. And I feel like I never should’ve asked you to refuse their demands at the cost of watching them...” Steve trailed off as Tony shut his eyes. He spent a moment simply rubbing Tony’s side, until he was able to meet Steve’s gaze again.
“That’s- yeah, we should do that,” Tony said. Steve smiled and waited for Tony to meet his eyes again.
“I’m sorry, but it’s not up to you this time. People care about you. And they care about me, too. And they’re out there right now looking for us,” Steve said. “You’re right that I didn’t know you before, but you didn’t know me before the serum either. It doesn’t matter what either of us were like then because it doesn’t change that I know you now. And I know how you think.” Tony huffed and shook his head.
Steve didn’t know what to do with himself, so he tried to get back into a routine- working out in the team gym, sparring with Natasha, watching cartoons with Thor, working on the report for Fury. But he couldn’t stop thinking about needing to talk to Tony.
“Don’t even think about it, Captain.”
When the only sounds in the silence were both Tony and Steve’s breaths, Kray pulled a gun from his hip and shot without warning at Steve’s right leg. Steve was unable to stop from crying out in his surprise, and Tony immediately struggled against the hold the two men had on him.
Steve smiled, “I’d say it was worth it.”
“Listen to me, Tony.  I’m not really sure where all this came from, and I’m a little concerned that you didn’t speak a word about it to me before this happened, but you’re better than Howard ever was; a better person, a better engineer, a better husband...” Steve grinned at Tony, and Tony just rolled his eyes again.  “...and one day, you’re gonna be a better father too.  I love you.  And there’s no way I could do any of this without you; this job, this life, this team.  None of it.  So whatever this is that’s been bothering you about Howard, talk to me.  Because this can’t happen again.”
“Out with it.  I can practically hear you thinking,” Tony smirked.
Clint dropped down next to Tony, from where Steve could not determine, and whistled. “Brutal. We had your suit on the jet, Cap, but there wasn’t really time to...”
The next several hours weren’t Steve’s favorite, but they might’ve been Blade’s. He’d never seen someone take such perverted delight from torturing others. He could tell that this part of the process was a means to an end for Kray, but his henchman took real pleasure in the undertaking.
“Still out,” the man in front said. His voice sounded familiar, and Steve realized it was the low, rough voice of the man who had shot the dart in Steve’s neck. He felt his blood begin to boil.
“I’m thinking that I won’t do what they want, but that there’s no way I can just stand by while they torture you,” Tony continued. “I’m thinking I’m exhausted of my past coming back to bite me in the ass, and I’m thinking this cell feels a lot like a cave-” Tony broke off with a noise of frustration, leaning his head back again and closing his eyes.
“Acting, singing, dancing, fashion.  Just watch.  They’re having a marathon, so the next episode will start in a couple minutes,” Tony answered him.
Steve looked to the television to see who he assumed was RuPaul, telling some woman to ‘Sashay away.’
When the day came to an end and he still hadn’t seen him, Steve figured he’d been pulled into something for S.I.. God knows, they must’ve been panicking at the disappearance of their company’s owner again.
Tony had smirked for a full minute until Steve’s blush had dissipated.
“You haven’t, Tony,” Steve responded, gently but unfalteringly.
“I’ve never had a subject with a healing factor before, so this should be fun,” Blade said, opening his jacket to reveal different knives and tools he had at his disposal. “I wanna see what wounds take the longest to heal. I wanna see what makes Captain America beg for mercy.”
“Anyway,” Steve continued. “Nothing that makes me feel this happy could be wrong. And my personality has always been to go after the things I want.”
Steve grimaced as he felt one of his broken ribs shift. The rest of his body would heal in time without a trace of the trauma done to him, but he needed to get the bullet out of his leg before it fully healed. If he didn’t, he’d have to reopen the wound and dig it out.
“As well as I could’ve hoped, I guess,” Tony said. Steve raised his eyebrows, hoping to get more than that. “I can’t tell you exactly,” Tony said carefully, “but just trust me. I’m gonna fix this, Steve.”
Steve listened to Tony’s rambling and tried to let him wear himself out.
Steve heard footsteps approaching distantly and looked away from Tony, leaning his back against the stone wall behind him. It sounded like several people.
“I’m sorry, Tony. But please don’t worry about me,” Tony scoffed, but Steve talked over him. “I’m serious. The serum will heal me. There’s almost nothing they could do that would cause permanent damage.”
Either way you’re gonna die, but with control, it’s a choice.
“Didn’t you want to try kissing me?” Tony asks. He’s backed up to his desk and finds himself leaning on it, hoping it makes him look calm and collected, instead of needing support, which is the actual truth.
“Tony—”
“You’re gonna have so much fun at Walmart,” Tony says with wonder.
“What do you want to do with him?” Steve asks. He’s still holding him down, and Tony wonders slightly if his hand is cramping.
someone wants from him - college visit, speech at a summit, look after a company, do an interview, design this, consult that - he’s had literal teams of people whose entire job was just to maintain his schedule.
“No, sir,” JARVIS continues, which makes Tony stop mid-stride, foot not coming back down. “I am detecting a heartbeat.”
He holds it.
and immediately turns the TV off.
Out of the corner of his eye, Tony can see Steve sit up straight, and it annoys him for a reason he can’t, or won’t, identify.
Tony tries to join a tech club at a neighboring college but ends up kind of commandeering the entire meeting and spends the entire night afterwards feeling guilty.
“Truce? ’Till when?” Tony questions, aiming for sardonic and probably landing somewhere between exhausted and defeated. “Till I’m six-feet-under?”
“No, Stark Industries is out of the weapons business. Good ol’ dad would roll in his grave.”
“Why do you care, anyway?”
Tony purses his lips, looks down, and then nods to himself. He looks up, and says, “I’m going somewhere. Permanently. I’m not going to be able to stay in your life. This whole thing with you is my last project while I’m here. After that, I’m gone.”
“I only asked if you knew where my father was,” Tony replies. To his dismay, at the time, his hand was shaking.
Here he was, just molecules, just experiences. Here was the scarred center of him, ready and afraid. Here was his hand, shaking for the first time in decades.
“What?” Sharon asks, tucking some hair behind her ear.
After almost forty minutes, a hug, and several lies, he was finally ushering her out the door. He held it wide, a fake smile that was threatening to fall every second, when she reached over and pulled him into a hug.
“I’d like to know too.” Steve runs a hand through his hair. Tony wonders idly why his hair stopped growing in the ice. Does the serum keep it at that nice, well-groomed length? Does ice interact oddly with keratin? “I suppose I don’t have anywhere to go back to. Or money.”
The berries are still in his hand.
“Plus, his first introduction to the future and SHIELD is going to be you lying to him. He’s gonna love that. Be real willing to work with you afterwards.”
Tony – verbose, loquacious, effusive Tony – looks him right in the eye and replies, “No.”
They both reel back in surprise at that – neither one of them can believe he said that, it seems.
“He is alive,” Coulson confirms.
“Treasured?” Tony repeats. “Is it you with the childhood crush, not me?”
that this boat was going to the
The conversation devolves from there, and Tony makes sure to kick him out before Steve comes down.
to not cling.
And it’s been about a day.
“I’m sorry, you did
for what others did with what I created. Not liable in anyone’s eyes but my own, apparently. And that’s the line I have to hold.” Hating himself wasn’t absolution, but it was atonement. “So, no. I don’t. Is that a sufficient answer?”
“Shush,” Tony says, flapping a hand. “Okay, JARVIS – simulate Earth. How about an empty field, a couple of trees, apple or something. Make it summertime during a rainstorm. Engage, code TONY828828.”
century history summary files from the Internet, starting at July 1945 to present day. Make sure to highlight the civil rights movement, gay rights movement, feminist movement, PTSD, battle fatigue, all that Hemingway bull about soldier’s not knowing how to come home. Find a list of Presidents that gives actually accurate, if brief, summaries of their administration. Pull the big news stories of the last five decades too – just stuff like 9/11, fall of the Soviet Union. Delete anything that mentions me. Also, look for best attractions in America. Also new slang. Also make a list of Rolling Stone’s top music from each decade from 1950 on. AFI list of top 100 movies is good as well.”
Steve’s a
Steve is so anxiously giddy the next couple days that he almost doesn’t know what to do with himself. He’s never been a very effusive person – even in his happiest moments, he knows he has a tendency towards stoicism and a maudlin attitude – but he just can’t
Tony turns, and Steve’s sitting at the table across from the counter, one hand on his phone, staring at Tony with a raised eyebrow.
The next day, Tony asks for entrance to Steve’s bedroom.
“I don’t know,” Steve says in a moment of uncalculated honesty.
And so the strongest of emotions – family, friendship, love – he still refused. Falling into the human traps of excitement, lust, curiosity, enthusiasm, passion – those were controllable.
Tony suddenly feels a stab of compassion for Coulson. There is literally no way to say this in a way that’ll get believed. Or in a way that won’t hurt.
Steve blinks.
He can hear Tony squeak something in reply, but he’s not paying attention, too focused on getting between the drone’s fire and Tony’s unprotected body.
But apparently that was an unfounded assumption, because, he learns that if he asks, Tony always says yes.
Eyebrows to his hairline, Tony does.
When Tony asks him if he’s made more friends, Steve shrugs, and says, “Yeah. People to go to breakfast with anyway.”
He shuffles in place.
“Okay,” he agrees.
“Steve Rogers exited the building this morning at 6AM and has yet to return,” he answers.
“Before Bucky. But just before.”
“Thank you, Tony,” she says. The moment pulses, then ends. She turns to Steve. “Steve, it was a pleasure. I guess I’ll be seeing more of you. Please let me know if you – if you need anything.”
“What’s that?” Tony had asked. When he muttered, “not much,” Tony had reached for it, muttering, “Jesus, do I need to go get a crowbar, your grip is like King Kong, if this isn’t a beautiful lady I am going to be disappointed.”
that I am never held accountable for my sins because I realize they’re sins? No one in the galaxy holds me responsible but me. I’m not
Tony is, bar none and with no competition, the most important person in his life. He thinks it’s probably fair that he wants, possibly desperately, to be important to Tony too - but he’s never going to be if he doesn’t force himself in, it seems. Stick his foot in the door and not leave until his foot is chopped off by it slamming shut or Tony opens it wider.
She’s also a worrier. He’s grown to hate her visits because they constantly make him feel like a piece of shit.
“No,” Tony rejects automatically, without meaning to. He can feel his breath starting to quicken. “No, you can’t do that.”
Tony’s staring at the lever, hyper-focused, and Steve realizes with a burst of clarity something he already kind of knew, like putting a video from 240px to 1080px – that Tony doesn’t want this either. But neither of them are going to say a word. Tony's always been far too willing to sacrifice himself, his own happiness.
“My work and I have monogamous relationship, I’m afraid, Captain.”
“Probably not, Captain. But you’re a national hero. SHIELD would be happy to put you up somewhere while we teach you about modern life.”
“JARVIS, buddy, how many more combinations do we have on the list to try to replace the core?” he asks, tapping the reactor, and fully knowing the answer.
“I don’t know,” Steve says, looking down, and Tony finds himself watching, tapping his fingers on the table. “I just thought you might be upset I didn’t tell you.”
“Thank you,” Tony says, before she walks off. “That was fascinating.”
To Tony’s credit, he doesn’t miss a beat. He turns, looks Steve dead in the eye, and says, “Therapy is a good place to start.”
“Steve, did you hear that, PTSD? Maybe we can go to group therapy together. ”
“Strongly insisted.” Steve gives him a wry smile. “Or ordered. Or pushed him onto the ship and physically shut the door myself, insisted.” He shrugs. “It’s not like I have to worry about a court martial.”
“You’re drunk at like four pm in the afternoon, most people call that a sign of alcoholism.”
Tony re-learns that he likes movies. He never has the time to make it to a theater, and tends to just put ones he was interested in on in the background while he’s building shit. He loved them as a kid, when they kept him company when he was alone, but hasn’t really truly indulged in years.
“You certainly are selective about what you want to tell me, aren’t you, Mr. Coulson?” Steve says lightly, and Tony can feel something buoyant in his heart. That’s a dangerous tone. “I never really did like people who manipulate people on selective information. Whatever flaws Mr. Stark has, dishonesty doesn’t seem to be one.”
He lifts his head from where he was staring at Bruce frown at the tricorder, and looks around the room.
He skims it, eyes scanning for keywords, and there it is at the end –
He wonders if he can silently turn off the shields, comm Coulson, and have him beam back Steve without Steve noticing.
Tony had thought nothing of it, assuming it was some paperwork to fill out regarding his quote unquote ‘death’. If only Steve had waited one more day to fill out the mission report, it would have saved them both hours of forms.
Tony puts a hand over his eyes.
She thanks the last two, and Steve finds himself smiling at her, without thinking about it.
It appears to be a weapon powered by the arc reactor technology, and it shoots a repulsor beam straight at Tony, who manages to dodge out of the way by a hair.
“Not being held enough as a child can have devastating life-long effects,” Tony says conversationally.
Steve nods, barely, like he doesn’t realize he’s doing it. His eyes are still dancing across the room.
By this time, Tony has completely taken apart the engine of his Ferrari. He’s currently about a quarter of the way through designing it to run completely on water – just for the fuck all of it – when JARVIS announces Steve’s return.
Tony doesn’t remember when he programmed the sympathetic lilt into JARVIS. Could have been accidentally, could have been absentmindedly, could have been his learning program watched a couple too many therapy videos on YouTube – but regardless, he finds he appreciates it in a way he will never say out loud.
Natasha snaps her head towards the communication desk. “Is it deliberate, and can you get it back online?”
Steve smiles and shakes his head, and something soft and affectionate and warm settles down to stay somewhere in the midst of his chest –
The moments tick by, and eventually, Tony cracks open an eye.
off Tony, and then be so righteously annoyed with him that when Tony dies he’s secretly a little relieved. What the hell.
Vulcans are known for strength of mind due to strong control and constant vigilance and resilience. However, that control and vigilance are only necessary because Vulcans have a weakness of overly strong emotions.
The bond indicates two harmonious minds, but it cannot account for action, for choice. Steve has every choice to deny him. To logically make the decision that someone like Tony, compatible spirit or no, is not someone wise to have on your side. To make the informed decision that Tony has never been anyone’s first choice.
In the end, he has JARVIS lead him to Roomba, who he scoops up and takes downstairs. He builds a quick learning-algorithm so DUM-E will play ‘catch the bird’ with her. It lasts a couple hours, far longer than Tony anticipated if he was being real, but in the end, he sits back down on the couch, bored once more.
“Finished your good deed for the year, huh?” he ends up saying, which feels wrong coming off his lips.
“Okay, okay. I agree. We’ll be fine down here. There’s only—” Clint glances back over his shoulder quickly. “Drax and one person huddled in the corner still standing. Send Steve up.” Clint isn’t finished talking before Tony activates the bracelet, whispering, “Engage protocol Other,
It could be an invasion of privacy, easily. Tony could access the Captain’s thoughts with little nudging, completely unfelt by the other. He feels pulses of emotions without even trying. With effort, they easily could drift into one another’s minds, one another’s spaces.
It’s just the little things that have him grinding his teeth. The filler he is expected to know, that no one would even think to tell him, like the lights turn off automatically, or when to tap once or twice or swipe left or right or how to long to hold down your fingers when using a touch screen, or that cigarettes are apparently bad for you, or that it makes people wince when you call cigarettes fags.
Natasha stares at him for a few seconds, catching his eye and holding it, and he wonders what she sees. She knows him, has known him since his assignment to the Avenger – and even before, according to Fury, though he’s never been able to press for further details on the matter – and she knows that for all his posturing, all his rudeness, all his callousness, he respects her, and he respects the bridge. He hasn’t acted up – not in this way – ever.
“Where’s the Captain?”
“As would thousands, like Banner and Hydra,” Coulson points out.
The suits are still his magnum opus, even if he hasn’t touched them in months. He doesn’t know why, exactly – he can say he’s been distracted by Steve, and yeah, maybe, but it’s a lie to say that’s all it is. It’s more than that, like he’s afraid the poison in him will also infect them. That he’ll use all that power for something he shouldn’t.
“As always, your sense of humor is unparalleled.” The dry tone has Steve barking out a laugh, despite the fact that he, technically, was the one who made a joke. “I’ve been spending the past few days staring at your results, and I think I know why you can’t get drunk.”
“Hey, Cap,” he says, rapping his knuckles on the door. Steve’s head raises, and he gives Tony a smile. “Ready to get introduced to the future?”
The light on the console brightens.
What separates a good engineer from a great engineer is simply that: willingness to rebuild. To try again. To refine. To accept what you have is bad, not stop, not get discouraged, and try, try again.
You didn’t give a shit about tech before Afghanistan. You
“What’s that?” Steve asks.
Steve had replied.
It’s a nice memory of Steve’s, but he didn’t really imagine Tony would think about Bucky in all of this.
He also hears ‘Stark Phone’ and wonders if Tony makes those little things he was poking on. It’d explain why he hasn’t seemed to set it down since Steve’s met him. He wants to ask, but doesn’t feel like he can interrupt.
“Short sighted?” Hammer repeats, chest heaving. From pain or anger, Steve doesn’t know. “Short
“Do the words ‘privatized world peace’ mean anything to you? You can’t declare yourself a savior and then disappear.”
“What exactly would you like me to do, sir?” JARVIS says, a little sniffy. “Play ‘Fuck You’ loudly until he disappears?”
“And it didn’t before?” The toast pops, and Tony grabs it a little too quickly as it burns his fingers.
Steve considers it. “Do you have French wine?”
doesn’t make a relationship a good idea.”
As someone who made a life out of running from his personal problems, he wasn’t expecting the somber, weighted feeling that comes from facing them.
He’s not proud of it, and he knows Steve’s going to find him there, but it gives him the breakfast reprieve, and he spent pretty much all of his dreams regretting his oh-so-grown-up decision, so he’ll take the time he can get.
“You are
Steve takes a bite of his meal, some pasta dish, oblivious that part of Tony feels like it is unraveling.
“You don’t know that,” Steve says. “Even a penny thrown out of a window could kill someone from high enough, and we’re on a really high floor.”
He pokes at Steve’s head, and Steve finds himself leaning away, feeling a bit like a schoolboy being picked on, though Tony isn’t really being mean.
One night, after he and Tony spend over six hours together, Steve goes back to his room and cries into his pillow for the first time in four months.
“No, it’s fine, you didn’t know. He just – we were best friends. We joined the eugenics program together, to help the war effort, but it didn’t change us in the same way. He didn’t change all for the better. It wasn’t easy. I spent a lot of time during the war regretting going through the process due to what it did to him. We saved a lot of people – but, at the time, I would have given it all up to just have him back to normal. Looking back – I’m not sure if I feel the same way or not.” Steve frowns. “There’s probably a lesson there.”
“Friend Stark!” He has seen this alien before, though he cannot remember their name. They had greeted him, some months before. All four arms open to him. “I see you have chosen to come visit us now! Please, be welcome.” They stick out their foot in greeting.
Steve wants to answer, but, truthfully — “I don’t know.”
“Nah, keep it on the personal one for now.”
He hasn't put this much effort into understanding another person in probably, like,
“It,” Natasha says, “Was in direct violation of our orders, caused an inter-galactic incident, may have permanently destroyed diplomacy with Worran planets, probably caused hundreds of thousands of their currency in property damage, violated our no-interference treaty, and probably killed ten or more Worrian people.” Her eyes flit to Steve. “Is that right?”
But Tony sure does like to talk, and Steve sure does like to listen. And when it goes the other way – well, Steve often walks away with his heart noticeably pounding, and a smile that’s softer than it is joyful.
century.”
“I thought you would want a dog,” Tony says, because, really, he did.
think or feel for once. If he had told Tony, he would probably have gotten some kind of comment about getting used to the future, but it wasn’t that. It wasn’t accepting the present, it was more finally letting the past fade to memory. He had held onto those feelings, those memories, that life, with white-clenched fists, unready or unwilling to let the past fade. But sometime, without his consent or knowledge, he had started to loosen his grip. And now – it’s not that he’s feeling an overwhelming sense of home. He’s just feeling a lack of the constant, dampening awareness of the difference between what was and is. It’s just gradually disappeared, like how winter fades into spring.
“May I suggest I brief you in the armor, sir?” JARVIS says.
Steve ignores the question and nods to his wrist. “What is that?”
“You.” Tony snaps his fingers a few times. “You. You. Natasha. Natalia?”
“I know,” Steve says quickly. “I know. I’m sorry.”
And even later: Or within himself.)
There’s really no going back now.
Fulfillment of the bond is –
“Commander Romanoff, it appears his communication channel is being blocked by some interference.”
"It's a better uniform material, my own textile design, with my own artificial fibers. It's stronger, more durable, and more flexible than the current uniforms. Technically, yes, it will be a pain to manufacture new uniforms for the entire ship, and potentially expensive with what we'd have to stock the replicator with. I've designed it through all known elements, though, so it could be—"
When he rises, the first action Tony always takes is to check the mission log for the morning. He knows something must have come in overnight; he can never sleep through the singular orange blink his PADD always displays when one is logged.
She’s obviously searching for something not offensive, so he just finishes it for her. “If I still don’t want anything to do with the company and want to continue my self-imposed hermit lifestyle inside my multi-million-dollar tower and lab?”
“Brooklyn’s Cheese Emporium, James speaking. We gouda extra mile to make your day grate.”
The room is back in silence.
“Good night, Spangles?” Tony asks, and Steve jumps.
“Okay, well, that works too. I hope he’s actually put away. They’ll probably convict him given my shoulder cam footage, but God knows in this day and age. I’d love to never have to see his mug at a gala ever again.”
Except Steve doesn’t push back.
“Sure,” Tony answers instantly. “Come on in.”
“What?” Tony asks, astonished. “Aside from me and the agents up there?”
“I sustained minor injuries from the mission on Delta Worra.” Clint’s voice echoes in his mind –
“Are you going to eat all this?”
“I have always been terrible at making people feel the right things. My mom used to say that being smart comes at a price, and a lot of smart people are bad at people - but it’s not fair. I’m good enough for the public, and the press. But whenever it comes to something I care about, something that takes more than just smarm - I just inevitably fuck it up.”
put in your chest, and then your first move is to come here? Why?”
The cursor blinks at him, to the left of #1, asking him what to do about the Iron Man armor.
“I know why,” Steve replies with a frown. “My cells have a protective system of regeneration and healing.”
The first one is self-explanatory. What with the lack of sleeping, being able to have the Internet read to him while he’s in the gym, and with the enormous amounts of specifically complied information a-la Tony, Steve actually feels like he may be getting a bit of a handle on what the world is and has been.
In retrospect, one of the stranger parts of the whole thing is that Steve never considered it before Tony suggested it.
“Report,” comes the immediate answer.
He’s content.
“This is in no way a ‘we’ situation,” Tony says with a half laugh. “If it could be fixed, I would have found it.”
The drones aren’t really attacking anything in particular – instead, they seem to be mostly surveying with their cameras at the front.
“Slowing, not deactivating. And it would only target the regeneration process. Basically, you’d just heal slower, more like a normal human. I would highly advise not jumping out airplanes without parachutes while it’s in you – but it’s not going to turn you shrimpy again.”
0 and 1.
Rhodey rolls his eyes.
Steve laughs, and squeezes harder.
pay attention to Tony before, but there’s something different about constant observation and
(minus Steve), and if he is really dedicating himself to this loner thing then he really shouldn’t have a schedule to keep, so he just shakes his head, and says, “No, thank you, I’ve decided to become a hermit for the next year or so. Salinger, like. Or John Hughes. Probably more John Hughes, as there’s less books and more weird shit lying around. I just assume John Hughes had a lot of shit, the whole hermit thing makes it hard to tell.”
In all, it takes near four hours.
“Good morning, JARVIS.”
He spends a brief moment of disorientation – why can he still open his eyes – before he catalogues what he sees.
in a way that no one will understand, and no one will relate to.
Tony frowns and steps away from the stove, picks up the mug, and takes a sip. To Steve’s horror, he swallows.
“But you’ll know it,” Tony counters.
Steve glares, and Tony grins.
He’s latched on, like a lamprey or something equally suction-y and gross, and, when he bottom lines it for himself, he really doesn’t think he can let himself let go.
Her hand is back on his arm, cradling his elbow, and he looks at her in mild surprise. “Mr. Stark, I’d really urge you to reconsider.”
But also somewhat because Afghanistan has made him instantly wary of any governmental contracts, especially ones that come from people who aren’t willing to tell you what your tech or consultation is going to be used for.
“Tony—”
“Bring him down here, now,” Tony says.
“Okay, before you start yelling, I have an excuse for everything,” Tony says.
“Can I help you?”
“I didn’t say let
“Tony,” Steve says, and what’s that tone, why does he sound confused. “You’re upset. Why would I leave you if you’re upset?”
(Later, Tony will think: my admiration is built on his character.
“You’re not trying to comfort me,” Tony says, and goddamn it, that sounded like a condemnation.
Tony shuts the door in his face.
it is still a—”
A Romulan was kneeling in front of him, only inches away. “You’re awake, Stark.”
“A heartbeat,” Tony repeats. “Not a body, but a heartbeat.”
“Okay, let me rephrase. Steve, I think I know how to make you get drunk.”
It’s one of the best compliments Tony has ever received.
“Understood that you want to be left alone in the engine rooms until you decompose, you mean.”
“Counter offer,” Tony says, stepping forward towards the bed. He puts a hand on Coulson’s shoulder, and God, Steve must be
“This is Dr. Bruce Banner.” Bruce offers a wane smile in place of his hand. “He’s your CMO.”
Steve glances around in wonder, mouth slightly open. It smells of rain and grass, of wet, dark soil. The breeze is warm and slight, just enough to make the hair on Steve’s forehead gently sway. A crack of thunder, and their heads both snap up to the sky. It’s grey and dark, full and bleak, and the cold rain begins to fall.
"Tony," Coulson had interrupted. "I meant that it wasn't your responsibility to make a better uniform."
The next morning, Tony is eating breakfast – oatmeal and fruit. He went through a stage in his early 20s of eating meat (or, at least, replicated meat) as a
And he woke each morning, sometimes feeling nothing, sometimes feeling ice in his veins. He crawled and clawed and cried and hated and reviled and swore.
Steve’s eyes bore into his. “I’m starting to think so.”
Tony thinks, unwittingly.
“Sir has awoken and is currently in the process of getting breakfast started. If you would like to join him, I will direct you to the kitchen.”
Tony shrugs, the movement catching a little on the couch. "Me too." A smile. "Guess it was inevitable."
He doesn’t want to be that self-pitying bastard that asks Steve why he cares about him, though he kind of wants to, just so he can stop doing whatever it is he’s doing right so Steve won’t get hurt at the end – but he’s also more of a selfish bastard than he likes to admit, and there’s a part of him, a real deep, important part of him, that enjoys having a friend.
His second, almost immediate response is,
“Wait, why? I don’t know what’s going on, what’s happening?”
Steve gets off his chair and kneels beside Tony, carefully pulling his hands away from his eyes. To his astonishment, they are noticeably wet.
“Insisted,” Tony repeats, mindlessly.
On an unconsidered whim, Tony reaches forward and grasps Steve’s hand. When he takes it in his own, he can hear Steve’s soft intake of breath. He holds it loosely, but it’s clearly purposeful, and he gives a light squeeze.
is when it happened, when he
“But?”
Vulcan,” Tony corrected. He knew the Vulcan way of blankness, passivity of expression, but he can’t help but desperately wanting to let his infuriation show. “You all like to remember that when convenient.”
The conversation never comes back up.
“What is this about, Tony?”
“A bit, yeah,” he agrees, feeling a little bad.
“This is a formality call. One of the expeditions your dad’s legacy account funds is leaving tomorrow. We normally send the invitation for you to through the mail,” God, he probably means snail mail, why is the government stuck in the 1800s in so many ways, “but as this is the first one to be using your own sonar technology, and I will be joining for the first time, I thought I may as well give you the courtesy call personally.”
There isn’t actually that much to see here. Wooden dock, some ducks, a couple cars, a couple boats, water, the skyline. It’s definitely no downtown area. But still – there’s no way there’s not discrepancies.
Tony knocks on the table twice with his knuckles before standing. “Maybe just fathers.”
The boat docks in New York, which is lucky, but it docks in Long Island. There really isn’t a way to get from Long Island to Manhattan without revealing just about all of New York City’s modern glamour and horrors.
He startles Tony, in all honesty. It’s difficult to sneak up on him, given his enhanced senses, but he was focused in his head on an equation, and he supposes Steve is enhanced as well – perhaps he can quiet his steps.
"Hi."
That time.)
Even in his more mellow moments, Tony has thought it ironic that Vulcans disparage the human race for their emotionalism, when Vulcans are far worse – the control is necessary, because when they snap – from fear, from anger, from grief – they can and will level cities.
“I read something about that in your file. What does it do?”
but he does want to stop
“Anthony. Tony. Let’s call him Tony.”
Tony looks up, apparently surprised by Steve’s silence. “What?”
at the guards. He did this like—” Clint karate-chops the air. “And then this like—” He kicks his leg up as far it can go, which is to say, table height. “And then, bam, pow—”
that he totally misses what Coulson’s being whisked away for.
Unlikely he’d manage that, especially with someone like
None of the countries who won still existed.
Steve nods, trying not to look ungrateful. Tony gets like this sometimes, like he has to occasionally give you something to convince you to stay. It’s unnecessary and it makes Steve kind of sad, but fighting about it is historically an exercise in futility, so he just picks up a mug of coffee and takes a sip.
“Well,” she starts, and it’s near twenty minutes later before he can feel Steve place a careful arm around his shoulders, and say, “I’m sorry, ma’am, but we have a dinner reservation, and we won’t finish the museum if we don’t get back to it now.”
“Change, while inevitable, is not always wanted. Coulson understood me.”
on her face, before turning back to Steve, and slowly walking forward. “Hello, there.”
potential sex,
The elevator dings, and Steve can hear the tell-tale sound of heels on wooded floor. When Pepper comes around the corner, Steve can feel his eyes blink in surprise. He wasn’t sure what he was expecting, but someone so elegant apparently wasn’t it.
He’s halfway through a story about one time that he had accidentally dropped a multi-million-dollar prototype for a defense missile antenna and it had rolled under a dumpster. He’s most of the way through explaining how he tried not to sully his Armani suit while shimmying under a dumpster because he had a meeting in twenty minutes, when he pauses, because this story isn’t particularly interesting or flattering.
The unease shifts to panic, and he begins to sprint down the hallways to the bridge. His own anxiety is slowly being subsumed by rage, and by the time the doors open to the bridge, he’s almost shaking with anger and fear.
He simultaneously wants to show Steve everything and absolutely nothing. There’s so much
“I did not ask you to do that,” Steve replies, not stopping. Sweat is starting to obscure his vision.
“But I can’t go against orders,” Coulson finishes.
Steve thinks.
Steve looks startled. “What?”
It’s always been harder for Tony than others. His human side not only has him
“My name is Phil Coulson, and I work for a government agency. This is Tony Stark,” he stops abruptly, as if realizing he probably shouldn’t have said Stark, just in case, but then recovers quickly. “We found you in your crashed plane a few days ago. You’re in a medbay, being looked over until you awoke.”
“You’re dismissed,” Steve says abruptly. Tony looks down at him despite himself, caught off guard. “Not from the room – from the ship. From the mission. I am relieving you from Starfleet duty.”
Steve makes some noise in the back of his throat – half surprise, half confusion. “Have I broken some rule?”
And I know his programming, so I know how to respond to him.
“Tony,” Steve says in surprise. He’s blinking very rapidly. “Hi. How’re you feeling? Did the shot help? Are you okay?”
The next day, he goes to SHIELD for a change of pace. And face.
“For stealing his patents, that’s right, that’s right. You hate me, legacy, blah blah blah. Why come into my
“Tony,” she says once. “It’s not that I’m not glad to see you out of the limelight. I’m just worried about you. This isn’t normal. All I want is for you to be okay.”
“Disagreement? About what?”
But it’s reductionist and crude and way too confident, and Steve can feel his temper rise.
He goes back anyway.
“Jeanine at the coffee shop says hello,” Tony tells him, when Steve returns from SHIELD.
But he’s made bigger decisions with less reasoning, and a hell of a lot less interesting results, so he figures it will work itself out.
Steve’s nostrils flare, and Tony finds himself rubbing his eyes. “Look – we can and will probably argue about this till the end of my days. So, whatever. Let’s table it and start it again after Jeopardy. You ever going to tell me where you went today?”
It being the big, grand, overwhelming “it” – the life he left behind, the newness of his current world, the people he abandoned, the people he couldn’t save.
Tony blinks.
Steve stares at it, takes two quick, uneven breaths, hits
Tony shifts involuntarily, wildly uncomfortable.
“Sorry,” Steve says, not at all repentant. “He wouldn’t shut the hell up.”
“Let’s go this way,” Tony interrupts, and starts stalking towards the right hand door. Steve feels a spike of real irritation that he didn’t expect, and finds himself grabbing Tony’s arm and yanking him back towards him. Tony stumbles backwards, and Steve starts pulling him to the left.
“You know what your problem is, Rogers?”
Steve just stares at him, like he’s trying to mentally fit him in a box and Tony just won’t go no matter how hard he pounds the lid. “What’s driving you is…responsibility?” Steve says slowly, like that’s a piece that just doesn’t fit into the box even by sight.
“You’ve been in a coma in the ice for a very long time, Captain,” Coulson says, after a truly uncomfortable pause. Tony gives him his credit – there probably isn’t a better way to phrase it.
“Not as much,” Tony says, calmly. “More a peacekeeper.”
He thinks of playing in the Vulcans sands as a child, building castles and animals, his mother watching smiling from the window.
Just, one day, he’s sitting in the armchair in his living room – a lay-z-boy, a brand that was around even when Steve was still young and scrappy, though he never had one – when Tony arrives in the elevator.
“Oh fuck. Look, Steve, if you knew any other person you wouldn’t like me—”
“Hey,” he says, on a whim. “Did you have legos back when?”
It’s too much.
“Yeah. Close out of ‘Inevitable’. I got something new.”
,” he replies.
“I can. I’m Captain.”
The words would be a lot easier to ignore if they didn’t hold a sharp edge of truth to them.
The first time, Steve wanted to ask Tony how to find out if his favorite current restaurant existed in any form back in the 40s (it didn’t – it started in 1971). The second time, Steve was wondering if he could see the MOMA before he left, because he wanted to see all the art before he was back to living before they were made. The third time – well, his reasons get stupider and stupider, until it can’t be described as anything other than just, well,
"What?"
“Tony,” he greets lightly. “I was wondering if you wanted to join me to see an art exhibit.”
“Yeah, because it makes me look dashing and handsome and rich. Yours was probably bought at what, a Men’s Wearhouse?”
“You don’t think I’ve lost something just beyond the war?” Steve demands. “Really? The only reason I might not want to be around is I don’t want to function outside of
Neither Clint nor Drax question his coming, though Tony suspects the former may because of intervention from Natasha, given the look Clint gave him when they arrived, and the latter may because he would never consider that there was something odd about it in the first place.
But he’s running out of time, and this is
Steve’s been carefully staring at all the interior parts to the car. It didn’t occur to Tony initially, but of course back then they only had roll down windows. Christ,
dedicated to its preservation. I don’t particularly understand any of this—” he points at a painting across the way, the one of a bush, that read a price that made him blink very rapidly. “But there’s people out there willing to have their life’s legacy boil down to creating a solution that will preserve paint but remove dirt. It’s amazing.”
Steve sits back, looking chastised. “Sorry. I won’t touch it.”
“Yeah, Steve,” Tony laughs. “There’s a name. There are some treatments for that you may be able to bring back with you. Probably won’t find a therapist for a while, though.”
But, if he’s being honest, most of it is just Steve.
Steve doesn’t want to interrupt and say he’s not following
He knows he’s sort of freaking out the team, a little. He came into the gym the other day, a smile wide on his face, and he realizes he’s sort of skipping towards Natasha by the look on her face when he reaches her.
Steve hasn’t felt this much restlessness before a mission since rescuing Bucky from Hydra.
“That was
“Yep,” Tony says, shrugging it off. “Though keep in mind that’s before you pitched Red Skull and the Tesseract. Also before we won the war. You might have to do some work to make sure that still happens.”
Near Steve’s feet, a puddle emerges, probably 6 inches deep, filled with muddy rainwater.
Tony’s heart is beating like a fucking drum at a Cleveland Indians game. His left arm is actually shaking, and he can feel some of the shock starting to slide off.
The first several steps went without a hitch, to everybody’s mild surprise. Clint was all but absent on the comms, Steve was curt, and Coulson was present but silent.
He throws his shield at another, making sure the angle is right that it will ricochet back instead of go flying off the building.
“Should I not have?”
A pop-up appears on the screen: EVERYTHING NOT SAVED WILL BE LOST.
It’s not as dark as he thought it might be, as the hole he made provided okay lighting. The reactor helps slightly, but it’s still dim enough that he asks JARVIS to lighten up the screen of the HUD.
“Hey. Tony.”
“The point is you could be punching a punching bag back in 1940, so how about you do something that’s maybe, I don’t know, new?” Tony says, like Steve’s an idiot.
He’s dimly aware that the entire bridge crew is staring at him.
Earth had contracted many different planets and species for inputs, and it did not go to waste – Star Base 2 was beautiful and impressive, with each cell containing a different recreational activity for traveling space explorers.
And Tony, for the first time in a long time, has a best friend who is present.
“I was copying information from your personnel record. I came across something I’d like to ask you about.”
“Yeah,” Tony confirms, distracted.
“You misunderstand, under normal circumstances, that’s a great idea, and I’d be all into that idea and exploring all of its – assets. But not now. You have to know better than that. I have an expiration date.”
He’d rather have his eyes wide open.)
Natasha trades an uneasy glance with Janet, the science officer on duty, but it’s Vision who speaks.
“You can do it?” Steve asks.
His hand is on the lever now. He just – he can’t bring himself to pull it.
when he says he’s fine, honestly.
He swallows, and then is swallowed by a bright light.
Because he knows.
They’re well into making another list, a very long list, of potential things to do and try, when Tony says he has to leave to take care of something.
Kissing someone and meaning it is as foreign to Tony as it is to Steve, and it shows in how neither seem to know how far to take it.
“An unknown variable.” His eyes gleam. “This calls for hypotheses. And testing.”
He pokes him harder, in the shoulder, the corner digging in, and Steve leans away.
And the days passed.
“You don’t have to tell me anything, Steve,” Tony says. “Though I probably would have been pissed if you took the job and didn’t tell me, that’s a no-no when it comes to roommates.”
“Better say yes, then. Can be my good deed of the year.”
” Steve demands, once he is able to process what exactly Tony is driving at.
were engraved.
Tony pauses, his hand on a mug. He glances over at Steve, who looks like he was actually expecting that line to work.
“You’re all buddy/buddy with SHEILD now, huh? What did you have to trade away to get this? The Iron Man plans? Specs for your shield? The press conference releasing your existence?”
“I’m really going to stay.”
Tony’s eyes closed: and the universe looked different.
But mostly, repulsion.
“Steve,” Tony interrupts, resigned and resolute. “Stop. I’ve done everything. It’s the end. I’ve already went through all these stages and am finally passed the finish line of acceptance.” Steve’s mind flits to all the times he’s found Tony passed out drunk. That one time on the couch. The conversation about wanting to change facts. “It’s over. Don’t beat yourself up over what can’t be changed.”
“No, don’t do that, I do not want that. But you’re serious? You like me? Moi?
He nods, and they set off. On the way, she gets stopped by three different men – one asking her when their training session is, one congratulating her on her promotion, and one telling her that her idea for new software was going to be adopted.
I was trying to get rid of
A long five seconds pass.
just me, I can’t not take the chance. And you lied that one time – you lied about Natasha trying the communicator, and you never explained how you knew.”
Steve wants to leave, as these two are obviously close and he feels like an intruder, but can think of no way to extricate himself that won’t call attention back to him. It feels like being nineteen again, wholly visible and completely ignored. It occurs to him that he’s never spent any time after the serum as a civilian. It was all in the war, where coordination and muscles and reflexes matter. He never had to go back to a normal life, to attempting dates and going to the bar with friends and walking in and out of work every day. The serum was a cure to make him important in times of crisis, but maybe it didn’t fix what caused him to be invisible to all his peers back in the day. Maybe that’s more innate. Maybe that’s just him – born and bred to be ignored by attractive, intelligent people.
(Tony had turned off the PADD around 5AM ship-time, watching as the specs on the Veneer blinked out.
The next morning is bad.
And they haven’t actually had a friendly conversation yet that went beyond ‘Hi, what’s your name, here’s a laundry list of shit you don’t know.’
to the idea of being asleep, but no one really wants to wake up from a beeping security alarm.
Several self-deprecating thoughts flash throughout his mind – this is only comfort, Steve never got physically affectionate before he thought Tony was going to die, this is for Tony at the cost of Steve’s discomfort, Tony must have looked horrible to make Steve think this was a proper response – but, after a moment, he pushes them away, takes a breath, and just stops thinking.
“The ice,” Tony says. Coulson’s head snaps to him, horrified and disapproving, and Tony sniggers.
He didn’t understand, but he would.)
There’s a weird Coulson incident, which Tony mostly puts out of his mind by the time it’s over.
“You have to be able to program – program
“Tony, you better—” She trails off almost immediately when she sees Steve. She blinks once at him, then turns to Tony, with an unmistakable look of
Steve laughs, then groans. “Hey, don’t make me laugh. My ribs hurt.” He lets out a pained breath. “But yeah – they said they were concerned with how the dermal regenerator might interact with my healing factor. So while the spleen and concussion are taken care of, I got to live with the bruising.”
Steve’s head immediately ducks.
it, Tony. I can’t unknow it; I can’t unbite the apple.”
“Do you want me to take the lead? I can assure you I know how to. I can call up like, a third of the popular supermodels in the 1990s to attest to it.”
“Vulcan is a peaceful planet of peaceful beings,” his father had told him. “We do not fight. We do not encourage fighting. However, we have enough sense to realize that our way is not the only way practiced in the galaxy. Many others engage in wars. These uncivilized planets will need weapons, and will ultimately obtain them from somewhere.  It is only logical, given that they will obtain the weapons even without our intervention, that we capitalize on the need and supply them with our own. War may be profitable, even if it is not logical.”
“This
It’s many moments – almost three minutes – before Steve is back on the comms. “Okay, Tony. The shuttle is clear of the ship.”
He walks to the hole he blasted – and God, this dude is heavy, even in the armor.
“You’re talking to the wrong person. I have an illegal laboratory hiding behind the backup engines.”
“He cut through the door with an electrified whip, sir,” is JARVIS’s ever deadpan answer, and okay, fine, that’s a valid reason for their security protocols to have failed.
Steve is silent. Arms crossed, eyes defiant, and utterly silent.
“No.”
Disgust. Tinge of panic. Anger.
“One last meal. Make it good, you’re going back to terrible food.”
Tony watches, uncomprehending.
“Copying now. Also, you have received eleven phone calls from Ms. Potts since yesterday. Do you want me to connect you?”
Tony had been well acquainted with Akorbar.
Tony considers it.
up in there.”
Tony reaches forward and carefully takes the fruit from them. They’re firmer than expected, closer to a nut than a berry in texture, though the bright purple color still makes Tony think of blueberries.
century, it’s about you not being able to come back from World War II. You want to be pointed in a direction, told to go and punch something, come back, and do it again. You don’t want to think for yourself, come up with a mundane life for yourself. You just want it black and white, this is wrong, this is right, and here’s the way to make what’s wrong into right. But the world isn’t divided like that anymore and you don’t get the luxury of being a mindless soldier. You have to come up with a way to fill your days that doesn’t have anything to do with heroism, like normal people. You need to wake up to reality, Cap because I don’t think you actually ever did.”
He wants to say,
She pulls back and sniffles, and runs a hand over her eyes. “Where’s Steve?” she asks. “I want to yell at him to take care of you better.”
Steve.
“Clint.”
There’s a man inside – Steve is about 85% sure it is Hammer given what he remembers from the news – and he’s waving his hands around, yelling about something into a phone.
Humans are psi-null, by default. They cannot feel telepathic influence or connections unless those with higher ratings force it. Captain Rogers would not be able to sense the bond, of Tony’s ability to feel the small pulses of emotion emanating from him, of his access to Tony’s own brain and state with just a little training.
“And what would you like to name it?”
He pulls on a hat his mother had given him to cover his ears, and heads to engineering.
Originally, it was a maintenance closet for the warp core. In his first year, Tony had done a lot of unauthorized upgrades, and it rendered a lot of the equipment obsolete. He had emptied it in his own good time, and instead of reporting it, had used it for this and that, whatever he didn’t want to be out in the open. Recently, it’s become the place where he’s tested the holodeck.
“Steve.” Tony sends him a pointed look. “They’re flowers. They won’t hurt anyone.”
part.”
and –
Old and huge and hideous, Tony began inspecting it.
“Still,” Tony says, and doesn’t let his voice fall into his default flippancy. “Thank you.” A squeeze. “I know you won’t waste it.”
He reads through the report:
It took nearly a week - around three days to reach them, around three days for a reply - but he was unsurprised when he was approached by a Fluallian council member, who he now knew as Fllula. They raised a leg then handed him a note, which read, simply, "Stay put. We're coming. - Captain Rogers."
Less thankfully, he seems to be well on his way to truly sloshed.
that I realized there was a mistake? Do you think it’s
(His placement on any star-class ship was an unacceptable risk to Starfleet – a potential scandal, a media circus, a threat to their credibility as an institution.
Tony thinks.
“Of course, Pep,” he lies soothingly, patting her on the back.
He’s still standing there, even though that seems like a decent time for a change of subject or to bid adieu, but he’s not moving, just awkwardly in Tony’s space. The bond radiates discomfort, and Tony – recluse, rude Tony – cannot find it in himself to let him feel distress.
Tony looks confused but not apologetic, and Steve doesn’t know him all that well yet, but he’d bet everything on his person that Tony had forgotten about whatever meeting that had been.
“He’s not awake,” Coulson answers, shaking his head. “He’s in a medically induced coma. The nurse says she thinks there’s brain function. And now that he’s warmed—” Coulson shakes his head again. “In her expert opinion, she thinks he’ll be okay. It’s the strangest goddamn thing.”
As he goes back to adding items onto his list, he does spare a thought to wonder where on Earth that Tony could be going where he couldn’t keep in contact through his phone.
“Doing what?”
“That does not seem approved,” Clint interjects.
“So you do care,” Steve says triumphantly, like he just made a point, and Tony feels a spark of irritation that is in real danger of igniting. “You care that your name is on them, what they think of you, your legacy.”
But more importantly, he was insatiably curious about what was going on with Captain America’s body.
“When we were looking for a solution for your – problem, we found some old files of Howards. Thought you might want to take a look.”
When the dust finally seems to settle for the moment, Tony throws the blanket off.
“Something big planned, sir?” JARVIS asks, the folder popping up on the screen.
“Uh huh,” Tony responds, distracted. He’s heading towards a table towards the back of the room, covered in boxes. Steve follows him back.
“Not the public, don’t be dense, J, it doesn’t suit you. Why I didn’t tell Pepper in the first place. Or Rhodey.”
Tony’s standing still, and Steve can’t tell his expression through the helmet.
“What if I said we were going to fly to the roof?”
“Beaming him up now, ma’am,” Tony informs Commander Romanoff.
?” Tony responds without thinking, slightly hurt at the assumption. Steve straightens, eyes wide, and Tony realizes his mistake. “Wait, no—”
“Why? Jesus did.”
“And Maras is fine,” he says. A beat of silence, and then he follows that with, “If you’re waiting for an apology, keep waiting.”
“Shameless isn’t a good character trait, Tony,” she chastises.
Instead, he occupied himself with creating scenarios in his head of how this confrontation would go down. They’d inevitably be completely inaccurate, but he did get an almost visceral satisfaction out of imagining breaking Hammer’s arm with just a turn of his wrist.
The false-cheer expression Tony’s been holding finally slips, and Steve sees the tired, defeated face finally show itself.
“Yes, they could.”
On day four, he watches as Coulson comes up to Steve, who had been sitting on the couch and biting a pencil for a good forty-five minutes.
it? No matter what I do, just make an itemized list of my wrong deeds in my head, and then
Silence of the comms.
“Invite her over to the tower. We’ll talk tomorrow.”
that he liked him.
“Do you want it to be you?”
“Yes!” Steve says, his hands going up in exasperation. “Yes. Yes, that should be obvious at this point.”
Steve raises a hand, effectively shutting them both up.
A psychologist might say that’s when his egoism starts, but he digresses.
“What are you – what?”
“God, Steve,” Tony says, turning back to the table. “People treat this place as a train station. Her, Coulson, Rhodey, Pepper. It’s ridiculous.”
He takes the shield, reaches back, and chucks it up. It makes it through, and he’s a little proud of his skills; he was never all that good at frisbee in college, but he can hear the thump as it lands up on the snow.
“Rhodey!” Tony jumps forward, vaulting the couch, and also spilling all the blueberries, to pull Rhodey into a hug. “Hey man. What are you doing here?”
“Would you have gone for it?”
“This is something else.”)
Tony breathes. “Why weren’t you on the shuttle?”
“Hey Tony,” Steve greets, trying to regulate his voice. Tony grunts a “hey,” that at least sounds okay, and manages a small hand wave, even with his head still stuck in the fridge.
“Oh, sorry, you know quiet and I mix about as well as motor oil and water.” A second, then, “See what I did there? Motor oil, instead of oil, since I’m an—”
Tony continues on, but Steve’s mind sticks onto that one word – fun.
“It worked. Why does everyone criticize plans that work? I did fine.”
He’s going to leave her every single one of his villas. And then he’s going to sell some more of his shit, buy more villas, and leave her more of them.
(For all that Tony tries to be human, to be as human as possible, all his tormentors were, in the end, correct: he can’t outrun his genes.
“Hi Tony,” he greets. “Gotta minute?”
Tony sags, his chin dropping to his chest. “Please,” Tony says, almost at a beg. “Don’t have said that for me. Don’t stay for me.”
“Coulson was over here a few weeks ago,” Steve says like a confession.
he was being told.
“Sir, Ms. Potts has entered the elevator.”
Tony stands, wiping sand from his uniform pants.
“Sir,” she says, eyebrows drawing in. “Please, if you just gave us another hour or so, we’re—"
“About me?” Tony gets off the bed, and stands next to where Vanko’s body is pinned. Steve doesn’t appear to be letting up. “Hey, you.” He kicks Vanko in the side. “Hey.” Another kick. “Hey. What do you have against me?”
And so comes a list, a truly eye bugging list, of all the charities and organizations Tony’s donated to.
Most days, he barely has a handle on his own state of mind and spirit. His physical state has been deteriorating since he came of age – refusal to bow to his physical need to meditate out of a stubborn conviction that not participating in the ritual would make him less Vulcan, self-medicating with off-brand medications and hard liquor from a number of planets, a broken and torn sternum that Obadiah permanently damaged from improper discharge of the arc reactor three days after he came back from the kidnapping.
