It’s got Dean’s mouth watering, unable to look away because—well, because Castiel is fucking hot on a normal day, but with that waistcoat… God, Dean could just run his fingers over all those curves for
“Wow, that’s quite the story,” Meg says, her voice dripping with sarcasm, and Dean’s head snaps up as indignation curls in his stomach. “Anyone else?” She looks around the table. “No one wants to top that tall tale?”
Dean lets his hand fall to his side as Castiel clears his throat. He takes a step forward, resisting the urge to take the jacket from Castiel's clenched fist and soothe the tension in him. "Cas, I'm
(See the end of the chapter for
Next, a location. He’ll need Benny for that.
“Jesus," he breathes. A new kind of ache rises inside him, both pain and… not. God, has it really been two decades?
And here he is, bored out of his mind, waiting for said prince to get back from his date so he can give him the bad news.
Castiel’s hand moves into Dean’s hair, sifting through the soft strands as Dean’s breath catches and his heart thunders in his chest. He doesn’t dare to move even an inch—not with the guards standing so close and Alfie hanging around somewhere behind him.
"Just some kid who wanted to shake my hand." Castiel laughs, and it's not funny, but Dean smiles anyway because there's joy in the sound and he needs that. "He just," Castiel says, then thrusts his arm out in front of him, eyes turning glassy as the empty bottle topples over, rolling across the worn tile. "Stuck out his hand and said, 'Pleasure to meet you.' That's it. And we shook, and he was torn away from me."
Dean said and Cas felt a pressure lift off his chest,
“I’m worried about him.” Charlie said once Dean was out of earshot.
“Downstairs wif papa and Charlie.” Henry frowned.
“What do you say husband? Ready to go home?” Cas asked and took Dean’s hand.
“Hey, buddy. Did I wake you up?”
“I should have stayed home.” Sam grimaced.
“Oh. Uh, sure. I’ve got Henry though…”
“Other things like Amelia?” Dean guessed and Charlie just nodded.
Dean woke up in the early morning smiling at the feeling of being wrapped up in Cas's arms. I glanced up at his alarm clock and it read 4:15, he groaned and snuggled deeper into Cas's arms when a sudden rush of nausea hit him. Struggling to get out of his boyfriends arms, he ended up knocking Cas to the floor making him jerk awake. "Dean?! What's wrong?" He gasped sitting up in time to see Dean run out of the bedroom, Cas followed him and heard the reaching before he got to the bathroom.
Another thing Cas was ready for was to have Amelia stop following him around in the halls and flirting. He had no idea what happened to her, she used to be this sweet, shy girl that he genuinely liked, now, she was crazy and obsessive. Trying his hardest to avoid her was getting on his nerves so when the final bell rang on the very last day of school Cas practically ran out of the school like a mad man.
~_~_~_~_~
Dean carried Henry down the stairs and into the kitchen where Cas was forming burger patties. “I see they found you.” Cas grinned.
Cas's father's voice answered after the second ring,
"Gross, it's like kissing my sister!" Dean groaned and spun and let out a cheer when it landed on Cas. "Pucker up baby!" Dean grinned and they kissed deep with lots of tongue just to annoy everyone else. "Get a room!" Jo teased and they just looked at each other and got up sprinting for the stairs. "Great, now we get to hear them have sex." Jo grouched, "no if I turn ta music up." Charlie slurred and cranked the music to the max.
“It’s water proof too.” Charlie mentioned.
Charlie and Dean shuffled the cards and got everything set up before Cas came back downstairs. They were still waiting when Dean’s phone buzzed.
"Okay baby girl, why don't we give you a bath and put you to bed." I said picking her up, "I'll be back in a little bit." I told everyone and headed up the stairs. About 10 minutes into Mary's bath there was a knock on the door, "Yeah?" I called out, "Cas? Is it safe to come in?" I heard Charlie ask, I chuckled "yeah, it's safe." I said and she opened the door, "Cas! You said it was safe!" Charlie squealed, "Jesus Charlie, really? It's not like you haven't seen me shirtless before." I said looking over my shoulder. "Yeah, but now your married with a kid, it's weird." Charlie said not looking up from the floor.
Dean was panting and begging Cas to move. “Let yourself adjust babe I don’t want to hurt you.” Cas said.
"Dean, you're warm." Mary said and try to advance on him again when she smelt apples. It had died down majorly in the past hour but since he hasn't showered the scent had lingered on Dean. "Really Dean." Mary huffed and he turned an even darker shade of red, "c-can you watch him for a little bit while I take a shower?" Dean said not making eye contact with Mary.
"DEAN! WHAT YOU SAW WAS ME TELLING HER FOR THE 5TH TIME TO LEAVE US ALONE AND SHE KISSED ME, THEN I PUSHED HER OFF!" Cas also yelled getting fed up with Dean. "What is going on down here?!" Mary said running down the steps. "Cas is a fucking lier and a cheat." Dean growled, "Cas?" Mary asked looking at him wide eyed.
Cas gently pushed Dean towards the bathroom, "now go. We have reservations at 6:30." Once Cas heard the shower going he took Henry into the nursery and set him in his crib while he got things ready to take upstairs. He got everything ready and took Henry upstairs; Sam and Jess were already on the couch watching tv, "alright, here's Henry. He should have everything he needs in the diaper bag." Cas said handing Henry to Sam, "oh my god, he's adorable!" Jess awed. Jess met Mary and Cas a few weeks ago but Dean was taking a nap while Henry did so she never got the chance to meet the two.
They eat in relative silence, which would normally bother Dean since he’s such a talker, but right now, he’s too hungry, so most of his focus goes into not embarrassing himself.
"A charitable policy? What a load of crap," Charlie is saying, her mouth full of food even as she takes a sip of Dean's coffee. "All that means is they want us to come up with more ways to make the rich richer—wait, Dean? Where are you going?"
He takes the rose from Castiel’s fingers and spins on his heel, heading back to his platform without another word.
For a moment, Dean aches for what they have; he wants the love he can see in both of them—he wants to have that with Castiel—and it has him feeling like an intruder, peeking in on something he's on the precipice of losing. He wants it so damn bad it hurts, and the fact that he might never get it terrifies him more than almost anything.
“Fold,” he mumbles, tossing his cards down, his chips in, and his dignity to the wind as he starts stripping. No use losing it all in the very first round.
to complete this week."
Dean drags his head from his hands, looking up at her with groggy eyes. She shifts and blurs in front of him and just that makes him feel sick, so he closes his eyes and waits for the world to stop spinning before he tries again.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Sam. Dean has told me so much about you.” Dean smiles at that, endlessly grateful for his understanding, and Castiel shoots him a wink.
"You will still follow, but just behind. You may even stand by my shoulder if you'd like." Something soft flashes in Castiel's eyes for just a moment before it's gone again. "Chin up, Winchester; you are welcome here."
“Thank you,” he croaks, burying his face in Castiel's neck and feeling a few stray hairs tickle his nose. “For helping me; I can't thank you enough.”
Not Charlie, or Hannah, or even Sarah—who’s taken to studying him a little too closely—but Castiel, with his signature Novak scowl and those too-blue eyes. He cocks his head to one side when he catches Dean looking, but what can he say? What can he possibly say to his prince that will make his worries go away?
"I don't know," she says, something shining in her eyes that Dean's not quite sure what to do with. "I think you make them work."
“Shut up, I’m trying to propose here.”
“Fuck!”
“Mr. Winchester?”
put him to sleep in seconds, but doesn’t—and slips into some slippers. His silk sleep-pants will have to do for bottoms, but he can’t really wander out bare-chested, so he throws on a sweater and steps out of his room, into the dark and deserted halls.
“Right,” Castiel says, a sarcastic lilt to the word, and he gets to work, disappearing down the hall for a minute before coming back with a first-aid kit in hand. “What happened?”
“Sure thing,” he says, stepping back from the empty curb and adjusting his leather jacket as the red-head pulls out her phone and huddles into his side. He doesn’t miss the not-so-subtle sniff she gives his arm, but does his best to pretend he does.
, Dean.”
“I know,” Dean says, and sure, sometimes he wishes he were—with the swagger and the charm and the ease—but this? Right here, right now, Dean Winchester with Castiel Novak? He wouldn’t trade this for anything. “Wouldn’t want to be.” He nibbles on Castiel’s lower lip, and when Cas arches an eyebrow, he answers the unspoken question with a smile and whispers, “Remi doesn’t have you.”
“Hey!” Dean shouts, finally breaking through, and he grabs the man’s shoulder, spinning him around so Dean can look him in the eye. “Who the fuck do you think you are?” he seethes, poking at the man’s chest. “What gives you the right—”
“You’re the best, Frank!”
“Anytime, Winchester. Now, up—we’re practicing our swordsmanship today, and it’s about time I kicked your ass.” She pushes off the hay bale, dusting off the seat of her fitted linen pants—she finally won the war against her stylist for suits over skirts this morning—and skips off to where Hannah stands, watching the sparring soldiers in the middle of the space.
"Did you get sent home? Is that it?"
A crash across the room shatters the moment, and Dean jumps, turning to see Balthazar sprawled on the floor, shouting and slurring, with a broken wine bottle laying not too far away.
“Good thing your face is so pretty. I don’t know if I could have pulled it off if you were ugly as a goat.” She turns him to face the mirror head-on and fixes his hair, her short, thin fingers rearranging strands into some semblance of what she deems, “Acceptable enough for the Crown Prince.”
Dean pushes himself up from the bed, stiff as a board as his head spins, the room swimming around him. He takes a moment to steady himself before following Susie’s retreating steps back to his pedestal. Every breath feels too tight, and his ribs pinch if he moves a certain way—it’s so far from comfortable he could cry from the misery of it all, but he won’t. He’ll suck it up and deal with it.
find out. “You have until Friday.”
“Neat, huh?” Charlie tucks herself against Dean’s side, shivering despite the stollen hat. Her cute sweater and puffy vest not doing much to ward off the chill. “My father only does a late summer and fall harvest, but I’d bet the Novaks do it all. Come on.”
“So, Dean,” the cameraman says before Dean even knows what’s going on. “How does it feel to be the fan-favourite for a second week in a row?”
how much you hate him,” Dean says, too drunk to really try being clever, but he arches an eyebrow, slinging an arm over Castiel’s shoulders and pulling him closer. Dean presses a soft kiss to Castiel’s lips as Benny drives, taking his time.
“Yeah, if, as you say, this whole Prince Charming thing doesn’t work out, why not?” He shrugs, leaning back against the wall and crossing one ankle over the other. Thinking about things not working out with Castiel isn't exactly the best distraction from
“I wanted to thank you for this.” He makes a vague gesture to the rest of the room and the party as a whole. “It has been one of the best days… maybe
He leans back, holding onto the throne before pulling himself back in, and Carson snaps away.
Dean squawks, the chilly fall air biting at his bare skin as he scrambles to pull his blankets back up. "You're a bully, you know that?" Dean says, a pout pushing out his bottom lip. "A big, mean, perfectly dressed
"Why?" he yells, barely noticing the maid, who jumps so far back she drops her feather duster. "Because I'm overwhelmed? Because I don't want a camera shoved in my face every other minute? Is that what makes me a brat? The fact that I've never had to do
photo.”
As they step back onto the packed-dirt path, Dean's hand clutched in Castiel's, he finds that he has a new appreciation for Castiel's Guard, but for Russell, especially.
Thank you again to sparrowtail for beta-reading/cheerleading this story for me!
“Sir, yes, sir,” Dean says, saluting his prince before dropping onto the couch with a soft bounce. Okay, so he might still be a little drunk.
He calls it
Dean blinks, startled, and looks around for whatever has Carson's dark eyes bulging out of his skull. "Um…"
dating all of them, after all—but seeing the way he feels for Sarah still cuts deep, even with the harmlessness of their flirting.
"The doctors think it's food poisoning," Castiel murmurs as Dean sits by Charlie's bedside, wiping her clammy forehead with a cool cloth as she shivers from a fever. "It's nothing like I've ever seen before, though, and they're the only two with the illness…"
“Why on earth
—Castiel, too.
Something is pulled down over his face as he’s hauled up from the ground and forced to walk on battered bones. His stomach turns, and he gags, but no one cares.
The sun rises more quickly this morning, it seems, though time passes like every second takes a minute to tick by. No one comes to see him—not Hannah or Charlie or anyone else—and eventually, he can’t handle the suffocating confines of the four walls of his room.
“Are you alright, Dean?” Castiel asks, voice soft enough that only Dean can hear. “You barely touched your pie.”
“Oh, the leprechaun suit. Remember that one, Suse? Ow,” he glares at his stylist as she shuts him up by ripping out more hair, but he quickly turns back to the screen.
Castiel doesn’t ask for hot cocoa and a doughnut this time. In fact, he doesn’t say anything at all.
Dean stands, feeling more hurt by the rejection than he should, but he tries to smile, not quite meeting the prince's eyes as he nods his goodbye and turns away, hating a man who's not even here, for things he won't ever pay for.
The space is decently large, he’ll give it that, but the ground is so hard and dry, it’s a wonder the kids aren’t caked with grime. What patches of grass it does have are browning and spotty, and the only activities available is whatever can be made from a half-deflated soccer ball, a rusty slide, and their own imagination.
Dean fiddles with the scarf around his neck, pulling it away from his throat as Susie fluffs his hair. When she realizes what he’s doing, she slaps his hands away and shoots him a withering glare.
"Wha… whatcha doing?" Dean flushes, and he's so thankful for the dim lighting because holy fuck, he's entirely indecent right now and all Castiel’s done is unhook his mantle and pull off his gloves.
“You’ll have to sacrifice your drink, but I’ll let you back through to get another one,” Dean says, knowing no one would care if the kid jumped the turnstiles and streaked through the arcade, but it gets his attention.
“It's the Crown, Ms. Susie. The Crown is missing,” the young girl, no more than sixteen, says in a shaking voice. Her eyes are wide and scared, round as Sammy's puppy-dog look, and twice as convincing. “His highness never returned it.”
Now, though, with Dean by his side, and Charlie there, too—along with about two-hundred-thousand others—Castiel can feel it. Community.
He tries to ignore his stomach, which grumbles loudly and painfully. A headache pinches the space behind his eyes and, as his heart rate starts to calm down, the cut beneath his eye throbs insistently, telling him it’s time for more pain meds that he knows aren’t coming.
“No,” he and Hannah say simultaneously, but Charlie pulls the door open a crack, anyway.
He sees it in Castiel’s eyes, too. He’d give up his whole life and title for something even remotely close to love. Not that Dean had to guess at that—Castiel’s practically told him as much.
Dean looks to his left, past Charlie, where she's now sitting in the chair beside him, and searches for Castiel. When he finds him, he's not looking at Dean, and something about his complete lack of silent support breaks Dean's confidence completely.
Anger pickles in Dean's stomach, boiling hotter with every second that passes without a proper answer. "If you're pissed at me, I think it fucking
Dean makes Castiel dial the nurse, then snatches the phone back before he can get it all germ-y. “Hi, yes, I’m calling on behalf of Castiel.”
They speculate about what happened until they reach the door, but Dean doesn't share his own suspicions, too afraid he's right.
“Dean,” Castiel says, an edge to his voice that makes Dean listen. “My staff are paid very well to do what I ask of them. If they don’t do what I ask, then they aren’t doing their job—”
“No idea,” Charlie says, and Dean waves her off.
“Thanks for the food,” he says when he sees the tray sitting on his bed, filled with more than he’d ever eat, and definitely more than he can eat with the lump in his throat. “Any news?”
“What are you—”
“Hurry!”
, even?
“Oh, yes!” Meg says, eyeing Castiel as he stands in front of her, dressed to the nines like the prince he is. “Very handsome,” she murmurs, then reaches out a hand to stroke his arm.
After several minutes of silence, the road stretching out before them in a winding trail, heat rippling from the dark surface, Dean finally speaks.
“I’m trained in first-aid.” He gives a half shrug, his blue eyes almost grey with the pale light shining through the open windows. “My military service was primarily spent as a medic, rather than a soldier, though I’m trained in combat as well.”
“Like it?” Dorothy yells.
Even when he hates it, somehow, he still loves this place. The beauty of it is astonishing, even in all its extravagance. Beyond that, this place is
"Wait up," she pants, flipping her hair back. "D'you mind if we talk for a second?"
Mick huffs, shooting him a look that clearly says
Instead of worrying about it, though, Dean reopens the laptop and places his finger on the little black button, pleased as punch when it does what he wants, and spends the next half an hour trying to figure out where the PowerPoint slides are kept.
Dean's attention peaks and he lifts an eyebrow, pausing where he stoops to grab a shiny red apple from the barrel by the door. “Really? No gloating, or play-by-play?”
Dean shrinks into himself, backing away, out of sight of the judgemental old man. And, to make it worse, Castiel doesn’t say a word—he doesn’t even look Dean’s way.
Lee snaps to attention, his sweaty t-shirt sticking to his chest, and his hairnet bunching up at the edges, but he smiles anyway, standing with his shoulders back and head held high, totally in charge.
When the words come, Dean’s anything but disappointed.
Dean’s back hits the door, all the air forced from his lungs, and Castiel is
Castiel looks down at his plate, where all the different foods are neatly organized into their own little sections—none of them touch, and Dean really shouldn’t be so surprised.
But they don’t come—not until he lifts his eyes to that startlingly blue gaze.
"No, Cas. I'm sick of whatever bullshit you've got going; I told you that, and it hasn't changed, so,
"Boy, do you think I'd be this calm if you were sweating through your shirt? Calm yourself," Susie huffs, swatting his hands away when he tries to pull his button-down away from his skin.
Dean scowls. “Wait,” he says, pulling back to look at Castiel more closely. “Have you been skating this whole time?”
He does the same, his form almost perfect with so much practice, but she’s been coming down to the training yard too.
Dean scowls at the war-weathered soldier, not quite grasping what he’s getting at. “But,
“I will not cut your hair.”
“Winchester! Come on!” Jesse waves Dean over, sweaty and covered in mud from hours of training in the grounds.
"Nah," Dean says, strolling through the halls without any real aim. It's busier than normal for a Saturday—more guards and staff bustling around—and Dean figures Castiel's parents must be back from their trip. "How about the hospital wing?"
Sure, she was shitty to him, but there’s a point where actions really
this time. Not overly warm, but genuine all the same as his shoulders lose some of their tension. “Do you have a large family?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What is it?” Castiel asks, eyeing Dean for a moment as Dean tries to piece together exactly why that felt so rotten.
“Whatever,” Dean says after a while, shaking his head to clear it as three servants rush by, their beige uniforms dulled by the sunlight streaming through the arched windows. “It’s still not fair.”
"What do you think he'd do," Dean muses, taunting Benny as he makes a show of looking up at the ceiling as he walks. "Would he fire you? Kick you out of the palace? Hmm…" He drops his head and meets Benny's eyes when he turns to glare at him. "Torture, maybe?"
“He threatened you?” Castiel blurts, cutting Dean off with the kind of venomous tone he’s never heard from his prince before.
"I'm afraid you must see it, though, now that there's footage of the two of us together." There's not a hint of exertion in Castiel's voice, even hauling the ridiculous amount of clothing he's got on, and Dean's more than a little bitter about it as he huffs and puffs, sweat beading on his brow, but he manages to look over his shoulder once more.
, there have been others. He’s twenty-one for fuck’s sake, of
Dean leans in a little closer, covering his mouth with a conspiratorial smile that Darren matches. He looks at Castiel when he mock-whispers, “I do.”
“Oh, would you trust me?” Susie snaps, flicking his fidgeting fingers as she readjusts his scarf. “I know fashion.” She cups his jaw then, her smile turning sad. “Besides, you’d look a mess in a suit with this scruff.”
“Yeah, yeah,” he murmurs, waving them off and jogging to catch up. He can hear swords clashing from inside—the sound of heavy boots stomping on the floor, and shouting, echo through the building.
“It is cozy. It is cute without being cheeky. It is what I have decided, and that is final.” Susie nods to herself again, digging through her kit for whatever torture device she deems necessary.
“Hannah…”
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean whimpers, finding a steady rhythm now, and Castiel lets him take over, hollowing his cheeks and gripping his thighs where the lace clings to his clammy skin. “God, harder. Suck harder, baby—yeah…”
Dean doesn't bother looking around the room as the commercials run their course. It's getting hotter and hotter in the tiny space, with all the cameras, lights, equipment, and beauty crap, and Dean's robe feels stifling, so he lets it drop from his shoulders, not caring that he's just a pair of briefs away from exposing the crown jewels.
No word from Castiel this morning, or anyone else for that matter. He didn't even show up for breakfast and, even though Dean knows it probably has nothing to do with him, he stills worries that something's wrong and Castiel's avoiding him.
“Thank you all for accepting my invitation to dinner. I am aware that this is quite a bit to take in, and that being away from your families for any amount of time can be difficult,” he gives Hannah a meaningful look as he says this, and she dips her head. “But I am grateful and humbled at the thought that you should want to get to know me enough to do so.” Dean can’t be sure, but he thinks Castiel’s eyes linger on him for just a moment longer than the others, and he can’t help but think back to his staring contest in the garden.
“Thanks, but—”
, so it’s like that, is it? Dean cocks an eyebrow, his smirk pulling up one side of his face as he bumps their shoulders together, only vaguely aware of Charlie explaining the rules and dealing cards.
difference—between them, but here, it's all but gone. Dean is Castiel's equal, in comfort and command, as it should be.
“Cas—”
Dean rolls his eyes, slipping the buttons of his shirt through their holds as carefully as he can. He knows Benny’s just outside his room—the traitor. “Surprised you held it in that long,” he mutters, peeling off the dark green jacket before hanging it up for the night.
and it's all so,
“The search—oh, for fuck’s sake,” Castiel says, whispering the last part under his breath as he shakes his head with an exasperated huff. “The
“Guess you’d better get going, then.”
“Dean. Dean!” Duma snaps her fingers in his face, startling him awake and upright. “Are you sure you’re—oh, for fuck’s sake.”
And he does, and it's
Dean’s stomach turns at the sight of his indulgent smile, and the way he helps her press down the edges. The fact that Sarah’s beyond beautiful, even sweating, covered in flour, with her hair tucked into a hairnet, doesn’t make it better, either.
“There,” Castiel whispers, but he doesn’t pull away. He’s so close, Dean can feel his breath on his lips, and smell his honey-sunshine scent. It’s like summertime, aged whiskey, and sweet cherry pie all rolled into one, and just about everything Dean’s ever wanted. He’s so close—if he just leans in a little closer…
"I wouldn't imagine so, no." Duma watches him with a peculiar interest he doesn't understand. There's a twinkle in her eye and a half-grin on her face, but Dean chooses to ignore it for now, too caught up in the mind-blowing words of strangers.
, he thinks.
“What about your parents?” Castiel asks after a minute. “Did they enjoy themselves?” There’s a hint of something in Castiel’s voice, but it’s so small that he can’t quite pinpoint it. Dean stares into Castiel’s eyes for a moment, but all he finds there is curiosity.
.” The grumbling comes to an immediate halt as Dean lifts his head, rubbing at his uninjured eye as his neck cracks, protesting a night on the floor. “Boy? Where are you?”
Just thinking that Castiel’s motives aren’t entirely pure has his stomach twisting in knots and humiliation rising inside him. He doesn’t want to be used as a pawn in their games—he wants to be here because
“So, you feeling better?” Charlie asks after a moment.
"Yeah, of course! You're the prince first, right?" He shakes his head, feeling ridiculous and incompetent as he stands from the couch. "Don't worry about it if you don't have time; I'll figure it out." He steps away, and he knows Castiel's only half listening when he nods. "Good luck with your work, Cas."
Anyway, this one's pretty long, so I hope y'all like it!
“Like what?”
"Sit, boy," she tells him, and he does as he's told. Susie drags a chair over, placing it right behind him and taking a seat before bringing his head back to rest against the soft linen of her uniform. "Just relax—you owe them nothing right now. Feel better, Mr. Winchester."
There's a pause on the other end, longer than he expects, but when a heavy sigh whooshes over the line, he knows he's got to her. "You're right, I know. I just wish…"
He doesn’t have lunch exactly, just a handful of grapes, some crackers and cheese, and a few olives that he doesn’t eat because
“C-Cas?” Dean whispers, and Castiel’s heart clenches at the sound of his voice.
Dean doesn't even flinch. "Wouldn't do that if I were you," he warns, his grin morphing into a smirk, and she stops.
Dean can hardly watch as tears burn his eyes, threatening to spill over as the show ends with him slamming his glass down and storming out. The room is silent as the credits roll, and he tries to hold on—to fight back against the breakdown—but he shakes with it and it's only a matter of time before he shatters under the weight of all this pain.
By the time the guards find them, along with the camera crew—and even Castiel and Sarah after their date—Dean’s gotten the hang of it a little better, even getting a rally or two going before his overexcitement makes him stumble.
Dean tosses and turns for hours, tired, but not really, and to top it all off, his shoulder hurts like a bitch. His back, ribs, and left knee too, actually, and he’s kicking his own ass for not accepting the pain pills when they were offered.
And to make matters worse, he can’t even talk to him right now because Castiel is on a fucking
Except now, Yellow Eyes
“Good evening,” Castiel murmurs, intimate in a way Dean wasn't expecting.
“Right, right—sorry.” She winces at her own mistake and flops back on his unmade bed while he finishes undressing. “So, what happened? You were gone all day and no one heard a peep from anyone.”
The questions come and go, answered swiftly and precisely, leaving the members of the council looking thoughtful. Dean turns to the royal family with a wide smile.
"Why, yes, Dean of Winchester. I will back you all day long."
That woman—the brunette—has her hands all over him, front and centre, on the next paper. It’s some trashy tabloid, but there she is, pressing herself against him as he tries to push her off. Of course, that’s not how it looks in the picture. He scans the words below it, his heart in his throat.
they haven’t tweaked the recipe or added something new—but still, he would swear on his last pair of hole-free socks that it’s the best slice of cherry pie he’s ever had.
his sharp, blue eyes burning into him, and he can’t help but look up, only for a second.
(See the end of the chapter for
, as you say, no matter how hard you try.”
“Seems like.” Excitement thrums inside him, zipping from his head to his toes as adrenaline sends his heart skipping.
“Come on, now,” Dean says, holding out a hand, but Castiel just rolls onto his hands and knees and crawls across the slick surface to get to the benches.
“We can make it work.”
Honestly, it's kind of shocking how comfortable he's become here. It's been a month since he arrived and he already feels like he could stay here. Maybe that's stupid—getting used to comforts he knows he’ll have to give up—but he can't help it, especially when Castiel's around. Everything just feels so
“Where’s she going so fast?” Dean asks, glancing down at Castiel, who’s walking right beside him now—his shoulder not quite brushing Dean’s thigh.
Follow me on Instagram @allmystars_i
“Do I ever complain about that?”
It’s the one thing turning over in his mind as Charlie and Hannah move further away. They do put a lot into that damn show, so it’s not impossible, he’d just like to think there’s more to his presence than appeasing the public.
Then he’s skidding—rolling and sliding—over mud, and grass, and stones.
“Ever seen a place quite like this?” Dean asks, his voice echoing as he turns in a circle, head tipped back as warm, dimmed lights wash over him. Awe sweeps through him, catching in his stomach and sending butterflies fluttering like mad.
It’s not a side of Castiel that Dean’s ever seen, and he’s not sure he wants to, either.
“Mr. Winchester, we need you to put on some clothes; you are rather indecent in the presence of the prince.” Dean's eyes snap to the guard standing by his shoulder, and the room is silent now, watching the scene unfold. The man looks like all the rest of them, dressed in a dark suit with an ear-piece in. His tone of voice is professional—polite, even—but a fierce blush rises in Dean's cheeks at the accusation.
In that moment, he just feels so
. He's been feeling it his whole life and something about hearing his own thoughts spoken back to him by the man he's falling head over heels for… it makes his heart ache and chest constrict with the need to hold on to Castiel and never let go.
There are cameras, too, but nothing like the crew for the show—these look far more professional; like they've been doing it for years.
3. The description of Dean's suit is a link that leads to a picture of Dean's suit (I just learned how to do that and it's fun lol)
"From this week. There are many,
Castiel’s grin turns teasing and he wrinkles his nose. “Secret,” he whispers, and in an uncharacteristic show of affection, he pulls Dean closer, squeezing his hand as their hips bump.
“What?”
“He only sleeps nowadays. I can’t bear to watch him die like that, and we need the money, so—” She cuts herself off with a shrug, but Dean sees the way her eyes squint a little tighter, and her lips purse a little more. “If I can make enough for the treatment, maybe…”
“None of your beeswax, that’s where.” Dean skips down the steps, a little too smug in an
"Needless to say, we went on all of them." Castiel smiles, fond and nostalgic, and Dean hears the faint sound of a huff of breath from the seat behind theirs. "It was on this Ferris wheel, actually. After dinner and before dessert, after the drop-zone and before the tilt-a-whirl, Russell lost control of his faculties."
"Welcome back to the palace for our second week of the courting competition," Duma's voice says, booming through the room as she announces the highlights of the week, not leaving out a
“Bar fight, big guy. You dropped about two minutes in,” Ash tells him, sitting back in his seat as the car speeds down the road.
Dean snorts. “That’s bullshit,” he says, but there’s a flash in Castiel’s eyes that tells Dean it’s true. Again, bullshit. He doesn’t have to do anything he doesn’t want to.
To know Castiel will pick him in the end and that he won’t
“Your crown,” Dean pants, out of breath again as his heart races and hands shake. “I still have it. You never took it back, so… yeah, it's in my room.”
“Sorry,” he says, but his hand doesn’t stop moving, reaching the hem of Castiel’s ratty old track pants. “Tell me no, if you want.”
It’s beautiful, and wonderful, and the next four shots are all fun colours too, and the
“Then do what I pay you to do and
That’s it. That’s all he says, but the implications of the simple statement means so much more than Castiel can ever know. Dean’s family—his
, it’s because the people of Amarellino know the stench of shit in rich clothing when they
, but he’d do it all over again to have those precious few hours to get to know his prince.
With an aborted yelp and flailing arms, he tumbles back into the narrow passage, landing with a thud as the wall seals itself shut.
, Dean?”
“That will be for us,” Castiel says with a weighty sigh. “I’m afraid it’s time to go.”
WARNING: slight NSFW scene at the end. Nothing too graphic, but you'll know what's going on.
“Not in the least,” Castiel snaps, shooting Dean a glare and, yeah, okay, he deserves that. The guy made him rub heat cream onto his tailbone after the first skating disaster. That was an experience. Not a bad one, but an experience nonetheless.
There’s a sick twist in his stomach as Lucifer walks away, leaving the grounds with his jacket slung over his shoulder, a whistling tune haunting Dean where he stands.
“Hm,” Castiel hums, the blue of his eyes made bright by the sunlight streaming through the windows as they go round and round, down the staircase. “My pleasure. All of this can be overwhelming even for me, so I can’t imagine what it’s like for you.”
“What? What’s happening?” He straightens up, feeling far too restrained with his seatbelt and sling, and looks between the chatting soldiers, Anna, and Charlie, who pulls of the cap, revealing that it is, in fact, a pencil.
, and there's no way he can repay him for that. It's like a balloon inflating in his chest, filled with hot air, melting the icy fear into warm relief. He could collapse with it, his muscles turning to jelly as he sinks into his bed on a sigh.
, but he'll take what he can get.
"Yes, Winchester," Duma sighs, rolling her eyes at his cheeky grin. "Besides that."
“Is there a problem here?” Castiel asks as he steps up beside Dean. He meets Dean’s eyes, waiting, but Gerald speaks first.
The glittering fabric feels smooth beneath his fingers—expensive silk and satin, made for him and him alone. It’s…intriguing. Castiel looks
A soft groan falls from Castiel’s lips as he lets his eyes rove over all Dean’s bare skin. Long, freckled bow legs, bare chest and flushed skin, the fucking
Dean's head spins, his mind whirling with what he's going to do. He
And he can’t even
He holds up the floppy, glossy magazine, showing Dean the front cover. Staring back at him from the page, as it did that morning, is him and Castiel, making out like horny teenagers, in the Tunnel of Love.
he’s not going to screw it up and embarrass everyone involved.
Follow me on Twitter at
“Oh, shut up.”
, dance with me!” She flashes a smile and shimmies her hips, and Dean scrambles to find an excuse to be anywhere else.
"I bet it'll be April or someone like that. She's gotten so damn… preppy." Charlie's face screws up like she smells something bad, and Dean can't help but laugh.
In a way, he wants it to be over—to know how it all turns out—but the chance that Castiel might not choose him makes him want live in this moment forever and never leave the safety of his rainbow room.
“Please,” he whispers, but he’s not sure what for. Mercy? Death? His mom?
"Who's the cutie in Dean Winchester's clothes?" Charlie saunters up to him in a deep green sundress and her bright red hair up in a braided bun. She's practically glowing with happiness; her cheeks flushed and eyes bright.
“Why did you send Kelly out the way you did? I mean, I don’t disagree with
When Dean looks up at the sky, he wonders at the endless sea of stars. There’s not a cloud in sight and he can’t help the awed gasp that slips from his lips. The air is still, but chilly, so he wraps his arms around himself and pulls his sweater in tighter.
"I'll go get it," Dean murmurs, and takes off before Carson and Castiel's guards can ask him why he has it.
"So, Dean. We didn't see much of you this week, and there was no Tuesday interview, so we're going to try to get as much footage from you in this interview to make up for that."
Castiel hums, his eyes softening as his chest comes flush against Dean's, pinning him more effectively than before as his hands shift.
“If you’re not even gonna look at me, I’m taking it off,” Dean says, his tone giving away his embarrassment before Castiel has a chance to see it in the way he cups his hands over his junk.
His stomach drops, but when Alfie pokes his head out with a sympathetic smile and points at the front where the red light should be blinking, Dean lets out a sigh of relief. No one saw that but Alfie and no one will.
He sinks back into the cushions a little more. “So, tell me.” He glances over at her, noticing the way she folds her hands over her knees and straightens her back a little as she looks to the door. He doesn’t bother looking over, but he can hear the guards moving around, so he’s sure Castiel isn’t too far away. “This touching thing, is that something all royals follow?”
Back and forth from wall to wall, probably wearing a rut in the floor, but he doesn’t
," he mocks in a high-pitched, whiny voice that makes him sound like a twelve-year-old girl. "Bullshit, you don't recall."
She doesn’t wait for him to respond, lowering herself onto the stone bench a respectable distance away as she looks out on the sprawling grounds.
“What—”
He turns his back to her, still fuming because how fucking dare she? And others think it, too? Really? This morning he wouldn’t have believed a word of it, but he’s starting to realize every one of the other suitors would stab him in the back to further their chances with Castiel. It hurts to know he has no real friends here, but more than anything, he aches for the lost illusion.
But Novak only smiles wider and takes Dean’s hand in his. It’s warm and strong and soft. A book reader’s hand, but an environmentalists, too—Dean might not know his first name, but he damn sure knows his major. “Castiel,” he says, his smile brightening when he looks Dean in the eye. “Weird, I know.”
“Dean!”
“Are you Remi Ledger?” A woman—red-head, mid-twenties with the kind of smile only money can buy—asks, hiking up her skirt as she hurries toward him, her friends right behind her. “I’m a
“I think I would definitely place my bets on Dean.” Both Dean and Charlie stop laughing and turn to Castiel when he speaks. With his head tilted to the side and a barely-there flush on his cheeks, he looks adorable, and Dean can’t help but grin.
"Uh, yeah," he says, glancing around until he finds his prince plucking a dead rose from the flowerbed across the grounds, concentrating on the brittle, browning petals crumbling between his fingers. "Lucifer challenged him and from what I hear, you can't say no to a duel."
Dean’s breath catches, shock bleeding into everything else because there’s got to be at
“Your highness? Castiel, it’s your turn.” Charlie’s voice carries across the circle, humor evident in her voice as Dean glances over at his prince.
“Here,” Dean mumbles, groaning as he shifts and his back gives several loud pops. God, he should’ve moved to his bed when he had the chance.
Dean glances up from where he has his face buried in his hands, and just about cries at the sight of the sandwich waving in front of his nose.
Those haunting blue eyes study Dean’s face, almost like he’s cataloging every inch—lips parted and hand steady as he takes Dean in. Dean’s surprised by how comfortable he feels under the scrutiny—shocked he’s not squirming like he would with anyone else—but he just waits for Castiel to speak and watches the sunlight hit the side of his face.
All the while, Castiel just watches, his smile matching Dean's.
Dean rises to his feet, looking anywhere but into Castiel’s eyes as another blush rises in his cheeks. “Thank you, your highness.”
He's in such a good mood, he lets that one slide and takes another bite. He closes his eyes, smiles up at the sky as the sun warms his skin.
“You might be forgetting, though I’m not sure how, that I, myself, am of royal blood.” Hannah raises an eyebrow as he shoulders straighten—her chin tilting in a way that is unmistakably regal. “I may not be a member of this particular royal family, but insulting a princess, such as you have done, is a punishable offense, as I’m sure you are aware.” Dean can’t help the satisfaction he feels at watching the smile melt from April’s and Lily’s face—his respect for Hannah swells all the more.
Novak?”
After a moment, Castiel speaks. “Did you say he hit you first?”
It’s not like he didn’t already know they don’t like him, but having it so overtly thrown in his face doesn’t exactly feel good, either; he much preferred when they were more subtle about their dislike.
he does, and it’s funny. It’s
It doesn't take him long to fall asleep after that.
—and face Castiel, he finds the other man standing stock-still, the brand-new, rainbow pride flag held out in front of him, with tears shining in his baby- blue eyes.
“What? Oh,” Dean turns his attention back to his mom, who smiles like she knows a secret. “You didn’t watch?”
He hasn’t even managed to change out of his suit yet when someone knocks on the door. Dean pulls it open, scowling already, but it falls away when he finds Castiel on the other side.
"My prince... I'm okay, and I'm here, and nothing bad has happened to me or the others. We're okay." He offers Castiel a smile—just a barely-there twitch of his lips—but it seems to offer him some kind of comfort.
Dean tries not to let the huffing laugh fall from his lips, but it does anyway. How the hell would she know what this is like?
His heart clenches, and a lump rises in his throat as tears burn his eyes. He hates this—hates it so
Dean bites his bottom lip, holding back a grin as delight bubbles up inside him because, out of the corner of his eye, a tiny figure dressed in beige bursts through the door.
? After everything that's happened, that's all he has to say? He's not even going to
“Sir, would you like me to carry it for you?”
"Hassling you, have I?" Castiel speaks up, eyebrow raised and a flat look about him. He's so obviously drunk that it's hard to take him seriously, and Dean chokes back a laugh, but it comes out as a snort.
With a heavy sigh, Dean finishes, tucking himself back in his pants. "Yeah?" he calls out, knowing that if he doesn't answer, Susie will just bust down the door.
They have to wait longer for Hannah and Charlie's results, but he already knows they're positive. He can feel it in his bones, and at this point, he almost hopes he's right because at least they can treat the problem if they know what it is.
wants to see the tattoo. And now, with the mountain of
The hallway seems to stretch on forever, but when he gets to the last portrait, he only finds Castiel’s grandmother—the most recently deceased ruler of the Novak line.
Who is that guy? It sure as hell isn’t Dean, because
Dean waits a minute, his nose dripping and eyes aching, before he whispers, "Something happened. Something bad."
just breakfast! It is breakfast with the
Benny stands somewhere behind him, waiting for Dean to makes his first move, and Dean resents him for it, especially since he hasn't been able to squeeze him for information.
All these people—they’re not here for the hungry or the homeless. They couldn’t care less. All they want is an in with the royal family—maybe with each other—and they’ll pay any price to get it.
But it only takes a second for Dean to realize he's looking at
"Your highness, sit in the throne. Yes, good, just like that, and Mr. Winchester."  Dean looks up from where Castiel sits, all regal and proper, and so goddamn good looking that he can hardly stand it. "I want you to stand behind him and hold onto the back."
fun for your twenty-first birthday. Even if you are the Crown Prince.”
“You’re in the palace,” she scolds. “You need to look like it; it’s bad enough you’re wearing
Castiel pops the cork on his own bottle, not spilling even a drop, and lifts it high in the air. "Cheers!" he shouts, grinning like a kid on Christmas morning.
I promise I'll do all that's in my power to keep you from harm."
“Come on, Frank,
“It’s being handled,” Dean tells him, and that’s
Dean blinks in the warm glow of the room, and as his eyes adjust, he sees the people around him. He recognizes them, and what’s really happening here hits him like a bus.
Dean snatches his napkin from his lap and lays it over his plate, trying to block out the raucous laughter around him, and the harsh lighting that’s just this side of too bright. Maybe, if he’s quiet enough, he can slip out. Sneak back to his room and disappear, but with a quick look around the table, he finds someone watching.
, an eyebrow raised and a half smile that sends a flush to his cheeks. "Liar," Dean says, finishing up with the second sleeve.
He’s still in his suit, but he doesn’t worry too much about that as he grazes his fingertip over a petal of the closest rose, feeling its silky texture before moving away with a smile. The garden is fairly small, enclosed with a wrought-iron fence and hedges that hide it from outside eyes, and, as Dean looks at the stone wall of the palace, he notices that his is the only room with access, though there are windows above that look down on it.
"This orchard has been in the Novak family for nearly three hundred years, and my family has maintained them for longer." Reginald's hoarse, croaking voice fills the viewing room as two or three suitors mill through the trees in an unfocused, blurry haze over his shoulder. Dean doesn't see himself, but that's to be expected. He's way back in the orchard, wandering in the trees at this point.
Castiel, with the most delicate touch, cups his hands around the pendant as Dean lets it drop. The cord curls into his palm, and Dean finally lets himself look as Castiel brings it close to his face, turning the feather over and over in his fingers.
He skids into the viewing room, barefoot and bare-chested, with a shower cap on his head keeping his hair mask from running all over the place. He's panting and sweating, and he knows Susie's not far behind.
Twenty minutes later, equipped with tennis rackets and balls, Dean realizes exactly what Charlie’s little grin was all about. Turns out tennis is
“One secret, Dean. I am entitled to
God, it never gets this cold. Why is it so
There's a collective gasp as the queen’s words ring out, but nothing can block out the sounds of despair coming from the man just sentenced to rot in prison. Dean's heart breaks for him, and he can't hold back the sound that claws up his throat.
"Who's your boss, anyway? I want to complain," Dean teases as they sidestep a nurse who's too busy looking at his charts to pay attention. "The king, I'd assume?"
“Embarrassing—
Castiel doesn’t waste any time getting two fingers inside him, pumping and stretching, scissoring his fingers and grazing his prostate with every other thrust.
1. He fumbled all over the pledge of allegiance.
With a deep breath, Dean leans back and sinks into the frigid fountain pool. He doesn’t hold his breath. He doesn’t close his eyes.
The rest of the week is mostly uneventful. There's a shit ton of gossip about Dean, speculating on whether or not he'll be convicted or not, and it warms his heart to see that Charlie and Hannah are the only ones not convinced he'd be sent home.
Dean is right up there at front of the group, bouncing his way to the soup kitchen with excitement lighting him up from the inside. He'd run if it was appropriate, but he holds himself back, forcing his steps to slow so he's walking just a half-step ahead of Castiel. Besides, these shoes cost more than an entire year of groceries, and there’s no way he’s scuffing them anymore than they already are.
“Really?” Dean tries to focus as the ball comes at him again, but he barely clips it and it spins off towards the fence.
"You will love the fireworks," Castiel whispers, taking a sip from his own mug as Russell lets out a resigned sigh from a few feet away. "They are magnificent."
“I don’t like pulling rank with her. She can be very sensitive to that sort of thing, but, as I’ve said, she went beyond reasonable questioning, and her comments had no business turning into insults and—”
Frank spins on his heel, looking at Dean with a bland expression. “Do I look like Susie?”
"Shh!" Hannah glares at Charlie, smacking her on the thigh with the back of her hand. "The ceremony."
“But you don’t care?”
He cuts himself off, his hand clutching Dean’s—the only sign that he feels anything at all.
“Starved,” Dean corrects, smiling at him with careful fondness.
, the glossy tabloids sliding over each other to reveal the ones underneath.
“Hm?” He chews what’s in his mouth, awkward and decidedly cow-like, as she grins, shaking her head as her ruby-red lips close around her fork.
He braces himself against the wall, closing his eyes and blocking out the rest of the room—all the shouting of the crew, and the whispering of the suitors. Even Charlie and Hannah, who stand a little ways away, though he’s not sure if they’re trying to talk to him at all now.
He settles into his seat, leaning in close to Castiel, and wonders if, in a few day’s time, he'll be down there, on his knees, and begging for mercy as Castiel's parents charge him with an Offence to the Crown.
. Most of the other suitors lean over their plates, listening closely as Castiel addresses each one of them in turn. His deep, gravelly voice never changes its tone, and Dean would be lying if he said he isn’t disappointed when Castiel doesn’t even spare a glance his way when he sits.
Shit, it’s the first time she’s reading through the cards! That means… that means none of this is screened first. Those cards could say
Castiel lets out a soft moan, shivering under the gentle touch, and holy fuck, it just about sends Dean to his knees. He’s shaking like a leaf, strung so tight he might snap, but God, he doesn’t want it to
Dean surges forward, hands tangling in Castiel’s dripping hair, teeth catching his lower lip, tasting sticky soda and buttery popcorn.
Before Castiel can so much as breathe his approval, Dean turns around, positioning himself with his ass in Castiel’s face, and his mouth hovering over Castiel’s dick.
, but fucking close enough.
"Hannah forgets it, too, and it's not fair to you. You did nothing wrong, and I blamed you anyway; I'm sorry for that, Dean. I can't apologize for Hannah, but from the deepest part of my heart, I'm sorry."
Castiel’s lips part on a soft inhale, but he doesn't look away when he speaks again. "To sentence guilty for their crimes."
Castiel’s smile widens, his eyes growing warm as he tilts his head. “How old is your brother?”
be Lucifer. Or his men, at least—he can’t see the asshole doing his own dirty work—coming for Dean when no one knows he’s gone. God, how could he be so stupid? But then, what was he supposed to do? If Lucifer’s men were at his house, wasn’t it only a matter of time before they broke in? Hurt his family to send a message?
, uh…
A part of him is grateful it’s him here instead of his family. Instead of Sammy.
“Hey, if this whole Prince Charming thing doesn’t work out, we’re always looking for new recruits.” Victor tosses his sword aside as he speaks, taking Dean’s as well.
Sarah offers a polite laugh, Charlie eats her breakfast without a thought, and April arches an eyebrow at the absurdity of the story.
But when Dean looks at Castiel, he doesn’t see the kind, sweet man he’s come to know. He doesn’t think of all the times he’s looked at Dean like he’s the only person in the room or the fact that he brought him to his secret hideaway for comfort.
Dean and Cas sat there in silence enjoying their time together, Cas was tracing random patterns on Dean's skin when there was a knock on the door. "Yeah?" Dean called out, "uh, mom and I are going out for Ice Cream… I'm assuming you don't want to go, so do you want us to bring back anything?" Sam said through the door. "Just bring back some Mint Chocolate Chip, Cas and I can share." Dean replied, "alright be back later!" Sam said and went back upstairs.
On and on and on, they sink into each other, and everything else falls away.
.” Castiel surges forward, fist tangling in Dean’s Reedy Pies polo, pulling him closer as their lips crash together.
Dean tips his head back as they walk, watching as the arched ceilings grow steadily higher until light pours in through domed glass.
“Yeah, no, Mom, I can’t.” Dean rubs a hand over his eyes, feeling the weight of everything he’s not allowed to say sitting on the tip of his tongue. He can’t tell her he kissed Castiel, and he can’t say that the man ran out on him, either—not with his fucking watchdog, anyway—and
Dean jumps, startled when Castiel laughs—his head thrown back and his nose scrunched up. Dean can’t even manage to be embarrassed that Castiel overheard his declaration because that
“I was never just a kid, Dean.”
He's a zombie when the sun rises, dark circles under his eyes and skin sickly pale. Susie scoffs the moment she walks in the room, her nose turning up at his pitiful moan.
And… what was it his sponsor said about step nine?
“What was it like?” Dean asks instead, to distract himself from the thrum of awareness in every part of him. “Growing up in the palace, I mean.”
Dean’s stomach drops to the floor. He’s talking about him—Castiel is talking about
Now, if only he could convince his stupid, breaking heart of the same thing.
Hannah finds him just before dinner, still hiding away in the barn.
“Crashing girls night,” Dean says at the same time Anael says, “He can’t talk to guys.”
But still, he doesn’t like it. It makes his stomach turn to think of Castiel upset with him, especially the day before his surprise birthday party.
April’s mouth snaps shut as she blushes a deep, beet red. Yeah, Dean knows about the scam she’s got going on—he’s
Dean lets him go with a chuckle and rolls his eyes as Sam’s hands fly up to fix his hair.
The crowd explodes, music pulsing along with the adrenaline in Castiel’s veins. He jumps down from the stage, feeling like he could conquer the world, and heads right for Dean—his Bi-Explosion Cowboy—who’s got a smile that lights up the rainbow-coloured world.
First shock, then embarrassment burn through Dean faster than a forest fire in the middle of a drought, and he jumps up from his seat in an instant, feeling a lump lodge itself in his throat as righteous anger boils in his gut.
"A charge placed on an accused for something they've done, or are suspected to have done, but that can't be proved by any legal means. The
“No fucking way.” Dean laughs—a bark of mirth he can’t contain, because
“Great man, isn’t he?” Alfie says with an inflection in his tone like he knows just what Dean is thinking. Dean glances back at him as they step into the hallway and sure enough, there’s a tiny grin on his lips.
No signature; just eight words that tear into him with vicious claws. Dean’s heart sits squarely in his throat as real, acid fear curls in his gut, and he hands the note back to Castiel.
“Yes, ma’am,” he mumbles, doing his best to keep his mouth still.
Follow me on Twitter at
It doesn’t make sense. Sam’s bills have got to be tens of thousands, which would send them into debt—and put them out on the streets—in no time. Dean looks at Castiel, who’s intent on appearing fascinated with the chair, and he gets this sneaking suspicion…
you!”
Castiel pushes himself up from the floor, dusting off his knees as he straightens up, morphing back into the untouchable monarch Dean's known up to this point.
Dean groans, rolling onto his stomach and pressing his face into the warm, softer-than-a-cloud pillow to hide from the golden rays snatching away the night, and the snippy voice that grates on his nerves.
Anyway, this is kind of short. Not much happens except sweet Susie and Dean moments.
“I had his stylist deliver a new one,” Castiel says, cool as a summer’s breeze as he sips from his wineglass.
Then he sees him—the kid with the two litre fountain drink and a tub full of popcorn—and gets an idea.
Somewhere between April's flirting and Jo falling into the fountain, Castiel must disappear, because the next thing Dean knows, Meg's got that devil-bitch face on in an interview.
Dean arches an eyebrow at the lack of boxers, but what can Castiel say? He’s already showered, and it’s his birthday, dammit. Castiel rolls his eyes, sinking a hand into Dean’s hair and tugging his face closer to his waiting dick, standing at half-mast, waiting for the attention Dean is so generously offering.
As quick as he can, Dean undresses, peeling off the bandages Castiel had so carefully applied, before turning on the shower and stepping in. The water pressure is divine—somehow better than in his own room—and it makes him want to spend hours under the spray, just soaking in the heat and comfort of this place.
Snow swirls in dancing rings, looping in and out of the overhead street lamps as Sam does laps around them as fast as his moose legs will carry him. Christmas lights twinkle and flash, holiday music floats through the air. It would be perfect, if it weren’t for one
“He caught me in the hallway just a few minutes before dinner.” She holds up the envelope, the light brown of her eyes shimmering in the overhead lights. “Said he’d be
“Dean,” Castiel says, quirking an eyebrow. “Will you accept this rose?” His smile turns playful like they're sharing a private joke, and Dean decides it’s a good look on him.
Soft, pink light ebbs and swells around them, illuminating Castiel's sharp bone structure in sweeping edges and captivating lines. Dean's heart races as the entrance of the tunnel fades behind them, the boat in front of them too far to really see. They could do anything in here, absolutely
enough, to marry the likes of Prince Castiel.
"Oh?" Duma perks up, sensing a story, but doesn't prompt him further, letting him elaborate in his own time.
“Hey! Hey, boy! Look at me!” Susie pulls him around, making him meet her eyes as she stares up at him, a good foot and a half shorter. She gets to work dressing him in whatever was clutched in her hands while she speaks. “I don’t care what anyone says about you, you hear me? I don’t care what
“Uh, yeah,” Dean whispers back, startled by the shift in tone, but he goes with it, leaning in close enough for Charlie to whisper in his ear.
“Where are we going?”
“Have you told the others about the party?” Dean asks, thinking it’s probably better not to just yet. Who knows how well they can keep a secret.
“Yeah,” Dean says, more than a little uncomfortable as he backs away with an awkward laugh. “If you could…
. “No, it’s weird. I hated my mom for most of my childhood for the name, but,” he shrugs, dropping onto the bed at the guy’s side. “It suits me. I’m weird.”
"What are your plans for the rest of the day?" Castiel asks after a moment, ignoring the obnoxious laughter beside him.
“Holy mother-fucking
Dean’s not worried. He’s not—really. So what if there’s only one more rose? He’ll get it, he’s sure.
What’s weirder is how Hannah didn’t come find him afterward. She shut herself up in her room without a word, and hasn’t come out since. Even when he knocks on her door, more worried than he’s ever been, she only tells him she’s fine. That she wants to be left alone.
The duel is quick, full of fancy moves on Castiel’s part, and cheap shots on Lucifers. The jackass plays dirty, going for Castiel’s groin with a narrow miss. Dean holds his breath, heart pounding away as adrenaline keeps him from collapsing from exhaustion.
, or I'm done." He doesn't even mean to say it, but as soon as the words are out of his mouth, he knows he can't take them back; the dumbfounded shock on Castiel's face tells him as much.
“Sorry,” he whispers, but Castiel just shakes his head—his smile, small and a little disappointed.
The ease he felt not thirty minutes ago, standing chest to chest with Castiel, is gone, replaced with renewed fear, and more doubt than before.
home, understood?”
“What?” Dean shouts back, barely hearing her over the pounding. It sounds like… shit, it sounds like
“What’s there to do in a place like this but wander around and look for something to do?” Dean kicks at the marble floor, his bottom lip jutting out in a ridiculous pout as Benny escorts him back to the ground floor.
to. “I’m sure I’ll hear about it from my parents tomorrow, but I’m glad you were there.”
"Yeah, so apparently, I'm a slow apple picker—who knew?" He shrugs, the smile coming to his face as easy as anything.
He knows it's fucked up, but it's there, and there's nothing he can do about it but remind himself he's in the right.
Dean ducks his head and forces the guilt aside as he steps back onto his spot. This is
lost, can he? There are only so many places he can end up in an enclosed palace, and he’s bound to find his way back to somewhere recognizable at some point.
“No, sir. He should be in his room.” Lying, then. Castiel rolls his eyes on a grin but doesn’t call him on it.
Castiel is kissing him and kissing him and kissing him like it’s the only thing he wants to do, and it takes a moment before Dean decides he hasn’t died and gone to heaven—takes a moment before he twines his fingers in Castiel’s lapels and pulls him in like his life depends on it.
The tears are there, welling in his eyes as they walk along the crowded streets.
Who is he kidding? She's the queen, of course she has sway.
before he ends up charged with assault!”
“Your shoulder should be in a sling, but that seems to be the most severe injury you sustained. Hold still.” Castiel grips Dean’s wrist with gentle fingers, and Dean freezes, only registering that he was fidgeting when he stops.
ride her—that’d be a good bragging point, but then he’d have to tell him about the fact that he doesn’t actually know
His eyes snap open, staring into the gloomy darkness as his heart races. Did he just…
After all that, Dean kind of expects the complaints about Castiel running off again, but holy
Fear makes him shaky, but adrenaline gets him up on her back, and he holds on for dear life, clinging to the reins so tight they cut into his palms, heart pounding in his chest, as she takes off.
He scoffs, shaking his head with disgust, but Charlie doesn't look at him now, her eyes fixed on the dark screen.
Of course, it has to end, as all good things do, but Dean follows anyway, holding Castiel's hand as he steps onto the wooden planks. He follows him through the crowds. Follows him back to the food vendors.
. Seriously, Suse.”
With one final squeeze of his hand, Castiel lets him go.
“You are a menace, Dean Winchester.” But he’s grinning, and it’s so sweet and happy that Dean’s heart melts.
not being able to pay the bills. It’s not his favorite version, but it’s the realistic one, and it’ll do just fine.
“Sorry,” Castiel whispers with a smile. He works in silence after that, and Dean can’t think of anything else to say, so he doesn’t.
Dean’s heart aches, and he opens the last bottle, knowing they’ll need it. He never really took the time to think too much into what it means to be the Crown Prince; how Castiel has had all these expectations thrust upon him from birth without so much as an opinion. It’s easy to forget he’s human, but here, sitting in this abandoned service hallway, drunker than they should be, it’s impossible to miss the pain infused in every word Castiel utters.
Hannah stares at him for a moment, her mouth open the tiniest crack like she doesn’t know what to say. Then she smiles and it’s
With a nod and another hint of a smile, she stands. The breeze whispers through her skirts, sending up the scent of rose petals and copper before she slips back into the garden, leaving Dean alone with his breakfast and his thoughts.
He just knows it's going to hurt so damn bad to lose this. He knows it, but still, like a moth to a flame, he can’t help but let himself be drawn in.
But Castiel doesn't so much as glance his way—it's like Dean's not even there—and that hurts more than anything. He and April just keep on walking, oblivious to what's going on around them, and Dean picks up his pace as the sick feeling in his stomach swells and curdles.
He's not paying attention, fixing his cuffs and straightening his jacket as he steps into the dining hall, and immediately regrets it when he hears a high-pitched, bell-like laugh from the other side of the room. He looks up, heart skipping, and finds he's alone with Meg and Michael.
“Susie—”
“This way, your highness,” a guard in fancy military dress says, eyes shielded from the camera flashes by dark glasses.
is the biggest overreaction I’ve ever seen, and just last week Meg threw the mother of all temper-tantrums because her stylist filed her nails the wrong shape.”
Another pause, then, "I have a particular insight into your situation that others will not, you know?" Dean blinks, and Naomi sighs like the weight of the world is settling down on her shoulders. "I do not come from wealth, or status, or anything but the poorest man's tavern. The day I arrived here was the first time I met my husband." They share another look, and something like compassion for the queen fills Dean's heart.
“It’s time to reveal the top picks of the week!” She opens the envelope and pulls out the slip. Dean looks over at Hannah, who smiles, and he shoots her a wink while taking her hand across Charlie’s lap. “The second-place spot goes to… Hannah Becket!”
Hannah’s face falls, and for a fraction of a second, guilt starts to creep in, but Dean cuts it off quick. He needs to take care of himself right now.
Castiel takes his seat across from Dean, and now there’s definitely a smile on his face. “Well, your scowl, for one.” One side of his mouth lifts as his eyebrow raises. Dean’s cheeks flame as his stomach flutters. “But it was Susie who informed me of your sour mood. She asked me if there was any possible way to get you something to eat before you bite the heads off my staff.”
With a lump in his throat and his stomach twisting itself in knots, Dean buries his face in his hands with a groan.
God, how many times does he have to leave that room practically in tears?
“I don’t need your protection!” He pays no attention to the hot slide of blood down his cheek, feeling nothing as it drips off his chin onto the marble floor. Adrenaline keeps him going at this point—that, and fiery ire.
possible thing he could say.
There’s that wistful smile again, curving her lips as she thinks up a story she wants to share.
Castiel throws the last of his roll at Dean’s head, and it bounces off his nose, landing smack in the middle of his soup with a splash. “Asshole,” Castiel says, but he’s smiling, too, and oh God, Dean fucking loves him.
“We’re looking for a,” he reads a note clutched in his hand, “
Dean stares into Castiel's watery blue eyes, the cogs turning as he examines the tightness in his jaw—the tension in every fiber of his being as he drops his hand back to his side—and, yeah, there's something Castiel doesn't want him to know.
Dean quirks an eyebrow, his bottom lip sliding from between his teeth as he smirks. "Is that why you're here so early?"
Hands cup his face and Dean’s heart stops, cut off with his words, and he’s pulled in.
The thought almost breaks him—it’s so overwhelming he has to bite down on the inside of his cheek to keep it together. He can’t do this, but he
“I’m sorry,” Dean whispers, his words getting lost in Castiel’s neck, but he just holds on tighter. It’s the most they’ve ever touched—their whole bodies are pressed together, head to toe—and Dean’s just waiting for something to tear them apart again.
Now, the suit. It’s a dark, subtle green—nothing like the flashy crap Susie forces him into—and he smiles as he takes it down. He actually likes this one, and the soft, expensive fabric feels like a dream in his hands.
"It was decided, right up until I had that rose in my hands..." Castiel speaks like he's talking to himself—so quiet, Dean's not sure if he's meant to hear at all. It almost feels like an intrusion, but he listens closer, holding onto every word "They didn't really give me a choice—said it would shake the people's faith in me—but I just..." He shrugs, so boyish and unsure, and it reminds Dean just how young the Crown Prince is. Only twenty-one. "I couldn't do it—I couldn't send you home."
?” Charlie shrieks, sitting up so fast she tumbles off the chaise. Hannah chokes on a sip of tea, and Mali drops an armload of dresses.
“Sounds wonderful,” Castiel whispers, the longing in his tone matching Dean’s as they watch the circle of color. “I was never allowed to dance. Well, I suppose that’s not entirely true; I had lessons up until I turned eighteen, but it was anything but enjoyable.”
“Nice to meet you, Jo.”
He blushes from his toes to the roots of his hair when she reaches for his belt buckle. “I-I can, uh… You can just leave me the clothes to—”
“The votes have been cast, and in just a few minutes, we will be counting down to the fan-favorite and the first to be chosen to attend the interview.” She pauses, dazzling the world with another smile. “Now, I know what you’re thinking—what if a favorite gets sent home?—and I’m here to tell you that they will
Dean stops.
“Shit,” Dean murmurs, his eyes aching and his fingers cramping. Maybe it’s time for a break. He has until tomorrow, right? He doesn’t need to get Castiel’s gift just yet.
“But you have to choose a favourite—that’s the point of this whole competition, isn’t it?”
she says before they cut to commercial.
Mick claps his hands, his black, knit turtleneck tucked into his dark wash jeans, and his headset jammed into his ear, making him look like even more of a knob than Dean knows he is.
Castiel's not around, and neither is Dean, so he doesn't pay much attention, especially through the date with Sarah.
“Yes, I’ll let him know—” Castiel looks up, his eyes locking on Dean as he steps through the doorway, a cellphone in hand, and freezes. His gaze slides from Dean’s head to his feet, taking in every part of him. He squirms, both loving and hating all the attention.
suit from the day before, actually—and he's not even that mad about it.
Seriously?
But Castiel’s not looking, and he probably never was.
“Did you have a party? Cake? Presents?” Dean cocks an eyebrow as if Castiel might catch on if he names all the parts of a birthday. “I never got many presents, but there were always people over and at least a slice of pie for me.”
.” Her head shoots back as her eyes narrow and Dean hurries to explain. “If I try to get
“Hi,” Dean says, stepping closer to the table and meeting the cornflower blue eyes. They almost remind him of Castiel’s but the shape of them is wrong—too wide, and his eyebrows have faded to a dull grey to match the hair tucked under his chef’s hat. “Would you mind if we watch?”
No Vacancy, flashing like an omen, telling him there’s not a chance in holy hell he’s getting laid tonight.
” TV Dean pauses and straightens up with an obvious blush. “
Right.
king—and Dean can’t wait to see it, whether he’s at Castiel’s side, or not.
And, as promised, STRIP POKER! Warning that I've never played any kind of poker, so a forewarning that it's probably not super accurate.
With a smile on his face and his head in the clouds, Dean doesn’t notice the ambush coming down on him when he steps back outside into the grounds.
He doesn’t bother sticking around for the chit-chat, shoving through the doors without a backward glance.
Sweat dots his temples and dampens his hair by the time he reaches the last step. It slides down his spine and his shirt cleans to his damp chest, but the door opens for him with barely a nudge, and once inside, he shuts it with a firm hand.
Castiel blinks twice, as if coming back to himself, and straightens his shoulders, his chin tilting up as he transforms from Cas, Dean's prince, to Castiel Novak, Crown Prince of Amarellino. The shift is so subtle, yet more powerful than anything he's ever witnessed, and it sends buzzing heat through Dean's veins.
“That’s it? Just beautiful?” She gives him a look like he’s a disobedient child. “It’s the place you met the prince—where your love story started—surely it deserves more than that. Come on Dean.”
. They don’t have him, and by the sound of it, he’s going after Dean’s family.
that he can’t say for sure that Castiel isn’t avoiding him.
“You see the issue too, correct?” Castiel asks, the question muttered from the corner of his mouth as Peter tries to make the most of the sorry space.
"Love you too."
“Not now,” Castiel snaps, shouldering through the door with Dean on his heels, not so much as looking at Dean’s poor excuse for a guard. He slams the door behind them, removing his hand from Dean’s back to pace the room. For the first time, as Castiel shoves his fingers through his hair, Dean notices that they’re shaking.
Dean turned around, tears already filling his eyes. “I can’t believe it. I-I never in my wildest dreams thought this day would come.”
“Who could that be?” Dean asked.
Cas closed the door and Dean sunk down unable to breath. “Dean? Dean hey, it’s alright.” Charlie said sinking down with him.
“PIE!” was the only response from Dean.
~_~_~_~
“I’m sorry… Do you want to watch some tv with me?”
Meanwhile, Cas sat in is Cultural Lit class debating if he should get Bobby to get him out of school early. He felt bad about leaving Dean home after he said he didn't feel well that morning, he was startled out of his thoughts when the class phone started ringing on Mr. Olsen's desk.
"Cas!" he gasped and stared at him, "hi to you too." he chuckled and pressed a soft kiss against Dean's lips. "So, you need to talk to me I hear." Cas pointed out moving to sit up and handed Dean his glasses from the night stand. "Um, yeah…" Dean said quietly putting his glasses on and Cas could instantly smell the nerves and worry, which made him a little scared.
I was almost asleep when I heard knocking at the door, I scrambled out of bed surprisingly not waking Dean and pulled on the closest pair of clothes I could find and ran down the steps. I yanked open the door and Charlie pushed by me, "where is he?! I'll kick his ass!" Charlie fumed looking around. "Charlie, where's who?!." I said grabbing her arms, "Dean! That bastard! I know what happened Cas!" "What how di- Gabriel." I groaned, "he's upstairs sleeping…" "why the fuck is he upstairs asleep?" Charlie growled. "Because, we talked things out, and we both agree that the stress of trying to have another baby is what is causing us to fight. We agreed to talk to each other more to prevent more fights." I said letting go of her arms.
"We've got two males, one's an unconscious alpha with a broken arm and lacerations to the head and a male omega who is approximately 3 months pregnant with no injuries besides a few cuts on the head." The words unconscious kept running through my head like a broken record. "Dean" I croaked and tilted my head to see a paramedic holding oxygen to his mouth and another one trying to stop the bleeding on his arm. "Dean!" I said much louder, "sir, we need you to stay calm and not move okay? We don't see any major injuries but we don't have the right equipment to take a look at your pups alright."
"I know it's true." Cas snapped, "doesn't give Alistair the right to threaten him like that." he growled, "enough." Crowley snapped, "now, since you were caught fighting which I do not allow in my school, you are suspended until Monday, you may leave the premises once you leave this office." Crowley said. "Suspended?! For what!?" Cas shouted, "for beating up another student." Crowley said calmly, "FOR THREATENING MY BOYFRIEND!" Cas shouted standing up, "Mr. Novak, I highly suggest you leave and calm down before you do something you regret." Crowley said glaring at the boy and Cas just stormed out and threw his bag under a tree and plopped down thinking of how to get home. He pulled out his phone and went to his recent calls and hit send.
"Dean!" Charlie squealed running a crossed the parking lot. "Oh my god I've missed you!" She said pulling in Dean for a bone crushing hug. "Hey red. Mind letting me go? Can't breath." Dean gasped, "oh sorry!" she apologized and let go. "I've missed you too, how was California?" "Amaaazzziiinngg!" Charlie sang, "oh! I bout forgot, I got you this!" Charlie said and dug around in her bag and pulled out a decent sized green gummy bear, "a gummy bear?" Dean chuckled and took it from Charlie, "not just a gummy bear! It's a lamp!" She smiled, "oh, uh awesome!" Dean said and put it in the back seat of the Impala. "I got Benny a blue one!" Charlie smiled as they walked up to the school.
“Okay!” Henry yelled and ran to the bathroom before Dean could even get his pajama shirt on.
"Dean, behave. There are people downstairs and there will be more people here in half an hour." I said but twisted around and kissed him. "Now, strip, get in the tub and be a good boy." "Kinda hard to do… Getting dressed this morning was a bitch, hence the sweatpants." Dean smirked, I rolled my eyes and tugged off his shirt and then just to be a tease, I slowly tugged down his pants kneeling down as they sunk lower to the floor. I looked up at Dean, winked then quickly yanked off his boxers earning a gasp in surprise, "Jesus Christ Cas." Dean grunted and quickly climbed into the tub, smirking at myself, I turned around and dunked the cup we use for Mary's hair into the water to start washing Dean's hair.
"Yeah baby, they're pretty aren't they?" I said pulling her out of the car and set her down when Dean opened the door and she took off running "GAMPA!" I heard her voice carry through the house as Dean and I walked in. We rounded the corner and saw Mary standing in an empty kitchen, "daddy where gampa?" Mary asked getting teary eyed. "He'll be here soon, he went to get Uncle Sammy and Jess."
, by all mean's Gabriel join us please!" Charlie smiled. Lunch went by quickly and Charlie, Benny and Dean all welcomed Cas and his trickster brother into their little group. By time school was over Dean discovered that he had all but two classes with Cas, for some reason he was okay with it. He like Cas, he was funny and dorky… 'Don't get your hopes up, you're nothing, why would someone as good as Cas like some one like you? You're nothing but a worthless omega who's daddy left because he didn't want you as a pathetic excuse for a son.' The small voice in Dean's head thought, 'no, no no.' Dean groaned to himself, he thought he was slowly starting to get over this, but he was wrong.
“Oh?”
“Henry. The school’s on fire.” Dean choked out.
“I just want this fucking over. I want her out of my life, just like Alistair. I just want to forget all of it. I want to raise Henry and any other pups we have with out the worry of one of them or even John coming back to fuck things up.”
Cas wrapped his arm around Dean and pulled him closer, “there’s no rush on the wedding. We could get married 10 years from now and I’d still be perfectly happy… We’re going to get through this. I promise.”
"I will when you're naked." Cas growled kicking the comforter off and sliding down the bed to yank Dean's boxers off. "Jesus Christ!" Dean moaned at the sudden coldness. "Not quite." Cas smirked kissing up Dean's leg, sucking another mark on the inside of his thigh. "Cas please." Dean moaned spreading his legs wider, Cas could see the slick starting to run down the back of Dean's thigh and he felt his dick twitch. "Mmm, apples and watermelon." Dean just let out a broken moan and blindly reached down to have some contact with his mate.
forgive you for that? I will never be with you Amelia. Ever.”
They went through the whole first act of the play and after Mrs. Rosen gave her announcements Dean went to clean up his mess from painting. Once he was done he couldn't find Cas, but he did see Charlie; "hey, have you seen Cas?" he asked, "no, but I think I saw him walk back stage." Charlie said patting Dean's shoulder before going home.
After the last song played Dean and Cas made their way to the bedroom "Dean." Cas whispered and started kissing along his neck, Dean moaned and tilted his head to give his mate better access and started yanking on Cas' shirt. "This needs to come off." Dean whined, "what did Tessa say?" Cas grunted but allowed Dean to take his shirt off.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Cas, I don't know what you're talking about. Star Wars is waaayyy better than Lord of the Rings." Dean said, I gasped "take that back right now or I'll never sleep with you again." I said and threw a fry at him. "Hey, no using sex as blackmail!" Dean said and ate the fry I threw at him. "Think about it, they're basically the same." Dean said, "what?! How are they the same?" I asked as we walked through the city back to the hotel. "Different world, weird little creatures one place they need to travel too, Mount Doom, the Death Star. The main character and his followers. It's the same." Dean said, "I'm not going to even touch what is wrong about what you said." I replied and opened the door to our room.
I was sitting in my office during lunch trying to go over some paperwork when my phone rang. Looking at the caller id told me that it was the clinic calling so I answered it immediately. "Hello?" "Cas, hi this is Dr. Maddison, you're test results are in, would you like to come in or do you want me to tell you over the phone?" She asked and I quickly decided "over the phone please." I said trying to keep my panic at bay "Your results came back fine, there's nothing to worry about. Like I said at our appointment, it's just a matter of luck. I can give you some medicine to help strengthen the changes of conception if you want."
“She can keep the furniture. I don’t even care. I’ve got everything I want/need.” Charlie said once they had the last load of things packed.
“It’s alright just come shower with me.” Dean said, his voice still raspy.
“Hi boys.” Amelia smiled.
Dean waits while the others gather their things to go. Or he tries to, but they take their damn time, hanging around and chatting, watching as Dean steps up beside Castiel and tries to pass him the crown.
“Of course not,” Duma says, flashing her teeth in a smile. “You’ll be eating early tonight.”
“I prefer challenging, yet rewarding.”
will be fine,” Castiel snarks, rolling his eyes with a half-smile lightening his tone.
“So, you do pay attention,” Susie says, a smile warming her face as she turns toward the door. “Very good, your highness.”
favourite, and that’s entirely different.
"Any more questions?" Castiel looks up from the screen, somehow closer to Dean than he was when he sat down. Their shoulders brush with every breath, heating Dean's exposed skin with a warm flush as every part of him sinks into Castiel's closeness.
“But, you had to make sure I wasn’t getting into any more mischief by myself?” Dean raises an eyebrow, half-joking, but half genuinely curious as to why Castiel
The thought enters his mind once again, forcing its way in and plaguing all his preconceived notions of safety within the palace. What if he's the real target? What if Hannah and Charlie were just in the wrong place? Just
“Your highness, we require your presence in the hall—”
Michael and Castiel left for their lunch date shortly before the rest of them gathered out here, and now, after the tables are cleared away and the clouds moved on, leaving the sun to shine down on them and warm their chilled bones, they're all feeling a bit restless.
I should be doing school work.
“I—yes. Yes, I know.” He smiles, warm and radiant, but a little sad. His hands move from Dean’s neck, sliding over his shoulders before skipping to his waist, and Dean shivers, his breath catching. “You should get ready for dinner.”
The whir, snip, and buzz of stylists at work fills the small room, the only one not having anything done is Dean, and it doesn't feel right. Not having Susie here, after everything she's done for him, feels like a hole in his routine. He hates it, and he almost wishes she were still here—not that he hadn't sent her away, but
“Oh, fuck off,” Dean laughs, swaying towards Castiel to bump his shoulder on the arm of the chair. “I've decided it's her mission in life to embarrass me, which apparently means undressing me in a room full of people.” He shrugs, more unbothered than he ever thought he'd be.
On a stage on the other side of the room, sit three huge drums, covered in neon, glow-in-the-dark paint, being pounded on with a fury that matches the pulsing beat of the music.
His stomach rumbles again, but that’s not what snaps him out of his thoughts. It’s the sound of his own name spoken right in front of him.
But, as soon as she opens her mouth to speak, she snaps it shut again, visibly agitated as she starts to pace.
"Those're my orders."
Here’s 48! A little angsty, some things going on.
Castiel smiles but turns away, worry, and the tiniest bit of annoyance, still plaguing the lines of his face as he leads Dean down the steps, and he's not sure if it's directed at him or not, but their hands remain a tether between them.
Instead of answering right away, the other men appraise him, looking thoughtful and sincere.
He clears his throat and wipes his clammy hands on his knees. “I—I don’t feel well.” It’s not exactly a lie—he
“Cas,” Dean whispers again, like it’s all he knows how to say. Then, “I’m sorry.”
The crowd goes wild.
(See the end of the chapter for
Mary shakes her hand, an eyebrow raised. “Like, Bradbury Farms?”
. See?" He holds his hands out to both sides, showing Castiel just how unharmed he is. "I'm not in trouble. I'm not hurt—Cas, I'm
“Nah, I can’t see you being old news for a long time, if ever.” She tucks a wisp of hair behind her ear, crossing her legs at the ankle as she takes the notebook from Dean’s hands. “You’re far too fascinating to forget.”
Castiel's lips press together to hold back a smile, and the twinkle in his eyes tells Dean he knows exactly what he means. "I don't recall," he says instead, and Dean just rolls his eyes.
Dean fiddles with his fingers as he waits, his suit pinching in all the wrong places, but he's too damn stubborn to adjust. He can feel Castiel’s body heat radiating from him, and with it, his over-priced cologne. There’s no hint of that honey-sunshine scent that Dean loves so much, and it floods him with more sadness than it should.
Dean doesn't argue, following Castiel through the winding halls and stairwells, down, down, down into the deepest part of the palace he's ever gone before.
“Oh, is His Highness ready for more medication?”
It’s not quite dinner, but with every day, the sun sets earlier, and Dean’s doesn’t know if he prefers it or not. Not that it matters since the palace halls are lit well into the evening, and even now, as the sun sets below the horizon, Dean can still see his feet beneath him on his way to his room, and the exacting detail inlaid on the walls. The intricate designs on his bedroom door.
“What’re you doing here?” Dean asks, delight raising his tone a few octaves. “Aren’t you back early?” He glances over Castiel’s shoulder at the high arch of the doorway, finding Kelly being escorted away with a winning smile and a flush to her cheeks. It dampens Dean’s happiness just a little, reminding him of what he has to tell his prince.
“My parents aren’t even
Thanks again to Sparrowtail for beta-reading this! You’re the best!
Castiel runs, panic making his legs shake, but adrenaline forcing him on.
“What, no! I’m gonna—”
Hannah covers her mouth as she laughs, her eyes shining with humor, but then she looks at what Dean is wearing and her smile disappears, dropping into a frown in a blink. “What are these?” she asks, poking his thigh with a manicured nail, and Dean looks down, expecting a bug, or, maybe a spot of something, but sees only his jean-clad leg.
“So are medical bills,” Dean cuts in, closing the pantry door with a click. “Which, on average, double, due to poor nutrition. Trust me, eating healthy saves money in the long-run.”
Fine by him if they leave it here, full stop.
“There you are!” Charlie shouts over the music as she saunters up to them, both hands filled with test-tubes. “I got you
There’s a collective gasp as a tall, dark-haired figure appears, dressed in lavish robes and a glittering crown—his sharp blue eyes pierce the onlookers and, yes, Dean is
Dean smiles and pushes away from the wall, following behind as the weight of loneliness lifts off his chest. He hadn’t even realized it was there but, just like that, everything feels a little more normal; a little more like it used to. A little more like it should.
“Whatever for?”
Castiel jabs a finger in into his kidney, and Dean jerks with a yelp—fucking jackass. “And you, Dean?”
Dean already knows about the pledge of allegiance, but meeting the families? That was Castiel’s idea? After a moment, he clears his throat, feeling his cheeks flush as he looks anywhere but at Susie. “Do you think he’ll like my family?” His words are whisper-soft, but it’d be impossible for Susie not to hear with how close she is.
Susie glowers, but there's a glimmer in her eyes he hasn't seen in a while. She sighs, then, her shoulders sagging like the weight of the world rests on them. "He's not good, but that's nothing new." Her fingers shake when she slides them over her husbands', and with a glance at the chart hanging from the end of his bed, Dean finds out his name is Conrad. "Cancer, you know—a curable one, but that man is so damn pig-head—don't you start with me boy!"
Sure, let’s go with that.
? Her puppy-dog face could rival Sammy’s.
As Susie leads Dean away, his prince throws his head back on a laugh, because, really? What's Susie going to do to either of them but make Dean change and send him back?
“Dean,” Castiel says, coming to his side with a grin. He’s as dressed down as Dean is, but still so lovely in shades of dark blue and sapphire.
“Hmm,” Castiel hums, pulling Dean closer with a hand on his hip. It sends a shiver of pleasure down Dean’s spine, pressed flush against Castiel like that, feeling every inch of him move and shift with his swaying dance. “Just don’t step on my toes.”
that he's become this person.
walked in on
It's all there on the screen for him to see, and it doesn't help that the footage of April's date went almost exactly as she said it did. No kiss, but plenty of opportunity for one with all the times the camera hung back, watching from afar as they turned corners and smiled down at each other.
"What about when it's not an overaction, Dean? What do I do when you're gone? What then?"
Dean, of course, knows all about the tradition, but he’s not about to tell his mom that.
Dean doesn’t mention Meg’s comments again, and neither does Charlie and Hannah, but he can’t stop thinking about it as they wander through the gardens.
before turning back to Dean.
Dean watches him for a long time—how long, exactly, he’s not sure, but the minutes stretch on, and with them, Castiel collapses into himself more and more.
He makes sure to look at all the gold-trimmed paintings and priceless vases as he’s led to the garden room. He’s only been there once, but he can still picture the open doors and twisting vines that grow on every surface.
“We got him, Sir,” the tall one says. Dean doesn’t see what he does, but the voice on the other end is sharp and quick. He can’t make out the words, but he doesn’t much care, either. Just give him sleep.
"Dean."
Just one lonely, long-stemmed, sapphire rose, sitting like a bomb on the pedestal. Castiel doesn’t reach for it at first, keeping his gloved hands folded in front of him as Dean slowly goes insane.
he thinks,
"Mr. Winchester? What are you doing here, boy?" Her scowl softens to a frown as she slides her fingers from the frail hand resting in the blankets.
“Gentlemen, please step out of the car with your hands up.”
They’re destined to be parted; this night has an inevitable end. There’s a tragedy in here somewhere, Dean knows, he just hasn’t found it yet.
His prince saunters over, sleeves rolled up, sword swinging at his side, with the cockiest, most confident smirk Dean’s ever seen on his normally stoic face. He looks happy, and just that tiny little revelation soothes the sting of Dean’s embarrassment more than anything else could.
"Why wouldn't they...?" Dean starts, but trails off with a frown when it dawns on him. Pitch dark tunnel, no way to defend him, trapped inside until the end. Yeah, there's no way, but Dean's never backed down from a challenge before.
"God, I hate you sometimes," Dean says, but he's laughing, and he can't stop, and somewhere between the second go-round and the third, he stops shaking, and his stomach settles except for the butterflies, and Castiel is so fucking close—
“She’s not the devil, but she’s damn scary, that’s for sure.” He can practically
“Oh, fuck—” There’s a sound like clanking metal on the other end, then Dean’s voice shouting garbled instructions before he’s back on the line. “Cas, buddy, I gotta go. Just wear rainbow.”
Dean offers her a grateful smile to the tune of Mick’s bitching, but the door is already shut between them, and Dean’s already alone in the empty hallway.
He eyes him for a moment before his lips part. "Alright," he says, giving Dean a curt nod as he slips to the floor, full of more grace and poise than Dean's ever seen in another person. "This must stay between us, though." He pauses, looking up at Dean for a moment before tacking on, "Please."
is what has the weight lifting off his chest and the deep-seated ache healing.
He’s so busy trying not to peel his skin off strip by strip, that he almost misses the hushed voices coming from down the hall.
"Uh… hey, Mom." He leans into the wall, sinking into the corner like it'll protect him from his humiliation.
, barely able to scrape by and keep his family from starving. There’s no way Castiel will choose him over all the wonderful choices he has instead, and Dean could cry with this realization, but then the doors swing open, and Castiel steps in.
It's more fun than he's had in ages, though, with his feet sliding in the dirt and mud squishing between his toes. He probably should've stripped out of his pants, too, with how often he falls, laughing and panting in the grass, stained brown and green and wet with sweat, but he can’t bring himself to care.
His blue eyes shine with panic, looking almost grey in the dreary light when he looks up at Dean, and it takes everything inside him to snap out of his love-sick daze. Dean blinks a few times, remembering his anger in an instant, and the simple fact that he can't even have
Dean lets his mind wander as Susie rinses the shampoo from his hair—tipping his head back and closing his eyes as he tries not to feel the anxiety swelling up inside him. He knew he’d have to face everyone eventually, but tonight?
Instead of getting up, Dean drops back into the grass with a dramatic huff, panting and sweating—his legs shake like he just ran a marathon—and watches Castiel advance on him with that catlike prowl.
what he’s doing. Sure, the money will help, but he would go without all of it just for a
Dean watches as closely as everyone else when Castiel answers, their curiosity getting the best of them as they lean forward, but his response is too low for them to hear.
The shortest of the four, a squirrel-y little man with greying hair and bright blue eyes—so obviously older than the rest that Dean has to wonder if he, too, is just tagging along because he doesn’t want to be alone on a Friday night—nods like a Jack in the Box, his teeth practically chattering behind his lips.
Through the mirror, Dean watches as the whole scene unfolds, and it's almost like a sitcom, but funnier.
to know.
“It’s nothing.” Then he smiles, but it’s sad—almost bitter. It leaves a bad taste in Dean’s mouth, but now they’re coming up to the stables, and people are puttering around outside—close enough to hear their conversation—so Dean lets it slide as Castiel leads Cookie through the doors.
It's the most Dean's ever heard the man say at one time, and the fondness in his voice is a little surprising, but why should it be? Castiel is the most beloved person in the kingdom, why wouldn't that same love rest in those who vow their services, and their lives, to protect him?
“Cas,” Dean says, his voice trembling from his lips as panic starts to seep in. “Cas, what do I do?” He looks up, meeting Castiel’s eyes as his fingers slip from his hair, coated in blood. “What do I
“I’ll make sure to have that sorted right away.” That’s it. Dean blinks a few times, startled, and sits back in his seat, deciding to ignore his abruptness and dig into his breakfast with renewed interest as everyone continues to stare, jaws slack with disbelief.
Dean lets out an unflattering groan and stumbles out behind his prince, dragging his feet as the car pulls away.
with all the feelings overwhelming him. It’s like emotional whiplash and he just wants it to
"That'll do, Winchester," he murmurs, looking him up and down, his throat bobbing when he swallows. "That'll do."
“There’s a lot you’d need to learn,” Jesse tells him, and Dean’s hope crumbles. “But you have a good heart, and a passion for doing what’s right, from what I’ve learned. I don’t see why not.” He shrugs and looks to his husband, who’s nodding his agreement.
All this monotonous work has his mind wandering, and he starts to think about all the ways reporting Castiel won’t do shit. It needs to be bigger than that—more spectacular—but there just isn’t enough
“Stop. Whatever you’re thinking,
All seems quiet onscreen—probably the result of careful editing—then, an ear-piercing cry as the cameras whip around to find Michael
Blue eyes burn into his, but instead of answering, Dean sits on the edge of the bed and lets the robe fall to his waist, low enough to expose all his cuts and scrapes.
“What are you waiting for?” Those lips smile, eyes crinkling at the corners, and Dean’s heart races, his hands sliding up Castiel’s arms until they reach his cheeks.
April’s mouth opens and closes like a fish out of water, but Lily only stares, her eyes narrowing slightly on Dean before she turns away, her dress whipping in the wind, but Dean doesn’t bother watching her go.
There’s a suit hanging on the back of the door, looking freshly pressed and clean. Dean hesitates for a moment before dropping his towel, not really wanting a repeat of the other day, but he spots the underwear folded on the cushion and snatches it up, sliding it on before anyone can walk in on him.
“Is there anything you want to add? Anything that would have made your life easier?” Castiel cocks his head to one side, completely free of judgement, but the receptionist—Peter—does a double-take.
He wonders if Castiel ever thinks about it—about the way those before him led the kingdom. Dean’s sure he does, and now that he thinks about it, he wonders how Castiel can think of anything else. How do you run a country? And at such a young age, especially after the death of a parent? That’s how it works, isn’t it? The old king or queen dies, and the heir takes over? Meaning Castiel’s
They're moving, sure, but Castiel is steady. Stable beside him, hands on the bars and back-lit by the sprawling city lights.
"Not now, boy," she snaps, and yes, that's his Susie. She turns her glare on the other woman and holds up the razor. "Toni Bevell," she says like the two are familiar. "I ought to use this on you for getting anywhere near my boy's hair with it."
.” That’s what’s been bugging him—not a
His room is as empty as it always is this time of day, but somehow, it feels ten-times more lonely when Dean closes the door behind him with a soft click.
Castiel receives all kinds of watches and jewels and priceless artifacts, offered to him with money and grace. It seems almost like a competition of who has the most money and the willingness to spend it.
“How the ever-loving
“The panties or the sixty-nine?” Castiel asks, not that he’s picky. He’ll do both, or one, or something entirely new any time Dean wants.
Because he
, Dean thinks as he picks up his fork.
beautiful—Dean’s not interested. She’s nice to talk to, though, and he appreciates having someone kind in this strange place, especially since she seems somewhat familiar with the way these things are run.
“And my brother broke his leg, did you know that?” Dean lifts an eyebrow, watching for her reaction, and he's not disappointed when her scowl drops into a concerned frown.
Not that it matters if he’s gone by the next round.
to. They won’t let him do anything else.
“He is, but no thanks to the bullshit insurance the mechanic shop offers.” Dean shakes his head, still more than a little pissed off at the failure that is the healthcare system.
. "I wasn't ready."
Not what day it is, or how Castiel's date is going, or how far he's wandered off…
“Well,
He lets his hand slip from Dean’s to open the doors, and the tiniest bit of disappointment swells in his chest. Okay, so more than a tiny bit—he wants to snatch it back up as to as the warmth of Castiel’s touch disappears.
"Hey, Dean-o?"
Dean doesn’t do more than blink for a moment, too overwhelmed by everything she just said. The way Castiel looks at him? There’s no ‘
With his plate loaded down with waffles, sausage links, bacon, scrambled eggs, and toast, Dean leaves the dining hall to wander the palace. He knows the others aren’t likely to make an appearance, too worried
But, to his immense disappointment, when Castiel shows up to dinner, he barely speaks. Meg doesn’t shut up almost the entire time, and Castiel seems fascinated by what she has to say, much to Lily’s annoyance, so Dean speaks with Hannah, instead, since she’s closest to him.
It’s been six years.
“God, I hope he picks me,” a young girl—probably no older than eighteen or nineteen—says right beside Dean. She’s pretty enough, though she sneers at Dean when she catches him looking, almost as if to say
guards!”
When Castiel turns his head to smile at Dean, he's close—so close their noses are almost brushing, and Castiel's soft breaths brush Dean's lips. All he can smell is that perfect honey-sunshine scent and whatever cologne Castiel wears, but it's perfect, and he sways into the feel of him as his breath catches and his eyes fall to Castiel's lips.
Dean holds his breath as the five younger siblings line up beside their parents. Castiel will be last, and Dean just knows he’ll take his breath away.
When Castiel steps in, the murmuring starts up around the table, and it occurs to Dean that the others probably have no idea what's going on.
“I’d like that,” Hannah says, dipping her chin in a nod before she turns back to her meal. Dean feels a certain kind of warmth flood him as he does the same. He didn’t think he’d find friends here because of his social status and the competitive aspect of the whole thing, but it’s nice to know someone's willing to talk to him.
She beams, and his heart clenches. He knows, of course, that someone else would be getting the Friday date.
"It was spectacular, wasn't it?" Hannah says, leaning past Charlie with an under-eye mask on and curlers in her hair as her stylist buffs and clips her nails.
Some jealous Cas in this one, with oblivious Dean. Thanks again to Sparrowtail for beta-reading this, you're the best!
Anger and betrayal bubble up inside Dean in equal measure, threatening to boil over as tears burn the back of his throat. He clenches his teeth to keep himself quiet and leans into the thick vines that wind their way over the fence.
"Well, I should get back," Sarah says when the awkward silence gets to be too much, and she backs away, still smiling with her eyes. "I'm sure you'd look just as good in a paper bag, but I won't keep your stylist from her job."
nice, so it's a win-win as far as he's concerned.
He smiles, rolling his eyes, but lets her have her fill. She refuses to let him get her her own plate—something about it being unsightly for a royal to indulge. Dean thinks it’s ridiculous, but he doesn’t argue, and now that he thinks of it, he can’t recall ever seeing Castiel take any dessert for himself.
“I-I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to! I-i-it just happened.” Dean gasped.
"Alright, show time!" Tessa grinned after confirming that Dean was at 10 centimeters. "Now, since you're barely 7 months Dean, what ever happens once the pup is here, I need you to stay calm." she said and he nodded. Cas stood up and moved closer to Dean's head while Tessa situated herself between Dean's legs, Mary grabbed one of his legs while another nurse grabbed his other.
Cas didn't know why but by time lunch was over he was in a foul mood, even Benny and Charlie picked up on it. "Dude what's your problem?" Benny asked and Cas just let out a big sigh, "I don't know, I think Dean's upset with me because he was still sleeping when I left this morning and I didn't wake him up to say goodbye." Cas explained and they just nodded.
Mary was curled up in a ball with a stuffed monkey Gabriel had gotten her for her birthday; I smiled and pulled her blanket up to cover her back up and kissed her forehead and snuck back out down to the kitchen.
“Well that concludes our tour of the campus. Feel free to explore a little bit on your own and we hope you decide to choose us.” The college student giving the tour stated and walked off.
"I'm proud of you." Cas smiled, "what? Why?" Dean asked fixing his shirt and went to fix his glasses before he remembered he wore his contacts. "You normally freak out when people want to see or touch your stomach." Cas said moving closer to stand in front of Dean. "Yeah, well… It's Christmas and it's my family…" Dean shrugged pecking Cas' lips before joining everyone in the living room.
“Claire. Get in the car. Now.” Amelia said through her teeth and Claire ran out to the car crying.
“Aunt Charlie is going to be living here for a little bit.” Dean told him.
“I love you too.” Cas responded.
“Yeah!” Henry got up and ran towards Dean, who scooped him up.
“I-I don’t understand.” Dean whispered.
“I still can’t believe you had Henry in high school.” Jessica giggled.
He burst through the door scaring Mary, "Dean! Oh my god you scared me! Wait honey what's wrong?" She asked when Dean just ran by her and up the stairs. She turned around and saw Cas come inside, "Cas honey, what's going on?" Mary asked starting to worry. Cas looked terrified also, "Dean, he uh… We were at our spot in the field and we uh. And he w-went into heat." Cas said blushing a little.
“What’s that?”
of it! I can’t believe you just lied to her and now he heart is going to be broken.”
"Hmm, well I guess they'll get here when they want to." Missouri said and left, Dean came back to the kitchen carrying Mary. "Hi mama." Mary greeted me once Dean placed her on the chair next to me. "Hi baby." I smiled and pushed her bangs out of her face. "Mama what wrong? You look sad." Mary asked, "nothing sweetie, I'm just ready to meet your brother and sister." I said.
“No, it’s okay. I want to see him before he leaves.” Dean slid out of bed and went into the bathroom.
“No, really. It’s okay you eat your dessert.” Dean smiled.
“What are you wearing?” Dean asked eyeing Cas’ suit. “Why are you wearing a suit?”
Mary got up and left for a little bit, "Cas… We never really decided on who's going to be who…" Dean pointed out, "what do you mean?" Cas asked. "Well, there's obviously two dads and that's going to get kinda confusing in the future." Dean deadpanned. "Oh, well… You're giving birth so-" "Cas, I swear to god if you suggest that our pup calls me mama, I will fucking cut off your dick and shove it up your own ass." Dean growled.
15 minutes later Cas spotted the Impala pulling up to the front of the school, so he grabbed his bag and hopped into the front seat. "Alright, explain." Dean said once Cas was seated, "I've been suspended till Monday." he said quietly. "What?! Why?" Dean shouted, "for beating the shit out of Alistair." Cas said looking at his lap. "Y-you beat up Alistair? Why?" Dean asked, "he threatened you and called you names, and I snapped. He asked me if the rumors of you being pregnant were true and that you would be nice and 'open' for him when you got back." Cas said and Dean could smell anger coming off his boyfriend. "Cas, baby. Thank you for defending me. But it's over with, please calm down." Dean pleaded and Cas took a deep breath and just gave Dean a small smile.
It's been a week since the proposal and we were having a celebration/New Year's Eve party at the Roadhouse. Missouri was watching Mary for the whole night so Dean and I could stay as long as we wanted. There was lots off food and of course lots of drinks but Gabe and I sticked to water. "Alright everyone 15 seconds to go!" Ash yelled and started counting down, "10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1! HAPPY NEW YEAR!" Everyone shouted and exchanged kisses and hugs Dean pulled me in for a deep kiss. "Happy New Year Cas." Dean said "Happy New Year Dean." I whispered back and kissed him again.
An hour and half later the group met by the front door ready to go party. Dean texted Jo the address for Dorothy's house and they left. When they pulled up to the house Jo and Ash were already sitting on the front steps waiting with a couple cases of beer. "Hey guys, this is Ash." Jo introduced them, "nice mullet." Dean laughed, "hey, don't hate. Business in the front, party in the back." Ash said flicking his hair. The group headed inside following Dorothy, "woooww, nice place." Gabe whistled. "Thank you." Dorothy replied, "um, rooms are upstairs so if you want to claim one and change go ahead and then we'll meet down here and get the party started." she said already heading up the stairs.
“And I love you.” Charlie pulled him into a hug. “Okay lets get going. It’s almost show time.”
“Yes sir.” Officer Jones grumbled.
"I'm going to lay down." Dean said once we got back home, "alright, I'll give your father a call and let him know how it went then I'll be up." I said and kissed his cheek.
“Sure.”
"Ah, nope he was a little nervous about staying with her alone, but I told him I'd be keeping my phone on and that Missouri is right next door. If he doesn't think he can handle it, I'll go home." I said turning on the ovens and started pulling things out for muffins. Charlie and I were sitting at the table closest to the coffee counter when Gabe and Amelia walked in, "morning Cassie, Charlie." Gabe greeted us and started getting the register ready, "morning." Charlie and I said at the same time. "Morning, so Cas, we're going to drop Claire off at your place at 6 right?" Amelia asked while getting things ready with coffee.
“We’ll do something this weekend alright? If you need to you know you can come here for a bit too since mom’s working.”
"Dean, don't do it! He put something in it and I wouldn't trust him." Cas said standing up, he eyed Gabe suspiciously and took the cupcake taking a bit out of it. Gabe grinned like mad man and waited for Dean's reaction, "dude, did you put bacon bits in this?!" he asked eyes going wide. "Hell yea! I call it the breakfast cupcake!" Gabe grinned, "well, it's awesome!" Dean said shoving the rest in his mouth and walked over to Cas. "Don't know why you just ate that…" Cas said making a face, "aw come on, it was good! Wanna taste?" Dean asked wiggling his eyebrows and attacked his boyfriend, "no! Gross!" Cas squirmed away.
“Hi boys.” Amelia smiled.
"Dean. Dean we need to go get Mary." I said shaking him awake. "Ungh, 5 more minutes." Dean groaned and rolled over, "Dean, come on. It's 10 already, if you get up now, we can take a shower together." I bribed him. It seemed to work, Dean rolled out of bed and walked straight to the bathroom; I laughed at him and followed. A few blow jobs later we were in the Impala heading towards John's; "You know, Mary hasn't seen you since you left for Iowa." I said looking at Dean, "yeah, I know. I miss her like crazy, it's weird not seeing her run around the house singing to Disney." Dean chuckled.
10 minutes later they got out of the tub and put on their pajamas. About an hour later they were snuggled on the couch watching "One Tree Hill" when Sam came back downstairs with a pint of Ice Cream and two spoons. "Thanks Sammy." Dean smiled and pulled the lid off the container, "you're welcome. Hey uh Cas… You remember me telling you about Jess?" Sam asked. "Of course, how's that going?" he asked, "Jess? Who's Jess?" Dean asked, "uh, she's this girl I like at school…" Sam mumbled, his cheeks turning red.
“Charlie, it’s okay.” Dean laughed.
Sam came home a few minutes later with Mary and they found the two snuggled up on the couch watching 'The Hobbit'. "Hi boys." Mary greeted, "hi mom." Dean smiled, "hello Mary." "Cas sweetie are you staying for supper?" She asked, "if that's alright with you." he said and they both sat up so they could see Mary better. "Cas, you know it's no problem." Mary smiled kissing their cheeks before heading to the kitchen.
I obviously do not own the rights to the picture/paintings. To who ever did them, awesome fucking job.
"Here, quit pouting." Dean chuckled handing it to Cas since he was closer to Charlie, she yanked it out of his hands and started screaming. "OH MY GOD! IT'S SO CUTE!" She giggled, "Benny look!" she continued and shoved it in his face. Benny shifted back and took the sonogram so he could see it better, he whistled, "lookin' good brother." he said and handed it back.
Dean said,
“Shh. Don’t forget Charlie can hear just as well as I can my love.” Cas chuckled. Cas sat back and pulled Dean up with him so he could take their shirts off. Dean tossed Cas’ shirt somewhere in the general direction of the clothes hamper and Cas did the same.
"Dean you need to wake up or you'll be late for school!" Mary said shaking his shoulder. "What?" Dean asked rubbing his eyes, "you did't set your alarm, if you don't leave in like the next 5 minutes you and Sam will be late for school." Mary said, "Shit!" Dean said and shot out of bed grabbing his glasses as he ran to the bathroom to brush his teeth.
“Not today buddy, maybe some other time.”
"Fuck, Cas, I want you right now." Dean growled in my ear, "I want you too, but don't you think I should take the test?" I said panting slightly. "Ugh, talk about a boner killer Cas." Dean chuckled "Dean, I only want to take the test so we can make sure I'm not pregnant so you can fuck me as hard as you want." I whispered nipping at his ear lobe, "ahh, fuck." Dean groaned dropping me and started shoving me up the stairs. We burst through the bedroom door and Dean was already ripping off my shirt. "Dean, come on, let me take the test."
“They’ve been like this all day.” Sam grimaced as he walked to the dining room.
"What, maybe I wanted to make brownies for you guys. Is that such a horrible thing to do?!" Dean snapped and tears started forming and a few fell down his cheeks, "Dean, why are you crying, it-it's fine… And why aren't you in heat?" Sam asked and Dean just shoved passed him and locked himself in his room. Downstairs Sam just stood there shocked of what just happened so he called Mary.
"Dean! What are you doing?! Put it down." Sam yelled and Dean jumped, "Sammy, please, i-it's not what you think." Dean tried to explain, "really, then why is there blood running down you arm?!" Sam said coming over, "give me the blade Dean." he ordered. "What? No." Dean argued standing up, "Dean give me the blade, you were doing so well. Please don't start doing this again… Why did you even cut in the first place?" Sam asked reaching for the blade, "Sammy, let it go. Just leave me alone." Dean argued still keeping the blade away.
Dean blushed and mumbled a small thanks. Cas noticed Charlie just staring at Dean's stomach, "Charlie? What ar-" "I want to see it!" Charlie blurted out cutting Cas off. "W-what?" Dean asked, "I want to see your stomach." She said again, "Charlie, I knew you'd want too, but why? It's just a fat stomach…" Dean said blushing, "because, you wear baggy shirts now and I can hardly tell." she said pouting a little, "that's the point… I don't want anymore attention." Dean sighed but slid off Cas' lap. "If I show you will you stop asking me about it?" Dean asked standing up, "only if I can touch it too." Charlie grinned. "Ugh, whatever, you'll do it anyway." Dean groaned and Charlie squealed standing up.
Once the twins were fed all four of us headed upstairs, "Mary go brush your teeth, I'll be in your room in a minute to tuck you in." I said heading towards the nursery. "Mama I'm not tiiirreeeddd! I wanna play with Henry and Lily!" Mary whined. "Mary Elizabeth! It is passed your bed time. Now get in there, brush your teeth and go to bed!" Dean yelled and Mary instantly went quiet and tears filled her eyes and she ran to the bathroom.
“You know that old building that’s for sale near the station?” Dean asked.
Dean laughed a little, "what are you doing?" he asked but brought one of his own hands down to rest on top of Cas'. "I know we can't feel anything yet, but I just wanted to feel." he whispered and Dean just smiled, "alright you big sap, let's go back to sleep." When they woke again it was 10:30, "christ." Dean moaned rolling over to hide his face in Cas' chest, making him laugh, "come on sleeping beauty. We should probably get up." Cas said pushing Dean's shoulder a little, "noooo, don't wanna." he pouted, "I'll make you bacon and eggs then give you a blow job in the shower." Cas said and Dean instantly rolled over and got out of bed grabbing a pair of pajama pants. Cas laughed, "that's what I thought." he said and slid out of bed and stole a pair of Dean's pajama pants, grabbing Dean's glasses he had forgotten in the rush to get downstairs.
Dean found Sam on the couch with the last Harry Potter book in his lap, "Sammy?" he asked, Sam put his bookmark in and set the book down, "yeah?" "Can you watch Henry for a while? Cas and I want to go to this end of the year party. I don't plan on staying long though." Dean asked. "Sure, Jess is coming over later so we'll watch him." "Thanks Sam!" Dean smiled
Dean said blushing a little,
“Oh, I’ll take a quick shower.” Cas said, “but Dean, everything will be okay. We’ll get this taken care of.”
"New, kid? Tell me bout this new kid Dean." Mary said, "I, um… His name's Cas… He's in my class. We have all but 2 classes together. He's on the swim team, he has an older brother Gabe, he's a senior." Dean said and everyone just stared at him. "What?" Dean asked and tried to shrink into himself, "nothing, you just seem to like this kid." Ellen smiled, "what? Just-just as a friend! He uh, uh…" Dean started panicking and pushed his chair back and ran upstairs into the room him and Sam stay in when they stay the night. 'I knew it! You do like the little guy! And now you're afraid to tell your family because then they'll see how much of a needy little omega you really are.' The voice seemed like it was yelling so Dean put his hands over his ears and curled up in a ball, "shut up! you don't know anything!" Dean said to himself.
I said pushing him back a little, "okay, but hurry." Dean said kissing me one more time. "Ah, this is gross." I said pulling the items out of the box. "What?" "I have to pee in a cup and then I have to dip these strips in it and wait 3-5 minutes for results." I read of the box, "that is gross." Dean replied and left the bathroom. I put 3 strips in just to be safe and I waited. I was sitting on the edge of the tub running over situations if I was pregnant when there was a soft knock on the door. "Cas? Can I come in?" I heard Dean's voice come through the door, "yeah." I replied loud enough for him to hear. He sat next to me on the tub and took my hand, "you okay?" Dean asked me, "yeah, just thinking of what room to make the nursery if I am pregnant." I laughed gently, "well, it's been 5 minutes, wanna go see?" Dean whispered, "yeah." I said and let him pull me up; I walked over to the sink and grabbed the box to flip it over so I could see the color codes and looked at the strips.
“It’s only 10, so a 10 o’clock snack.” Dean grinned and nudged Henry.
“About 5:30.”
“No.”
“Lay down.” Cas whispered and Dean’s back hit the mattress with in seconds, Cas then kissed down Dean’s chest and stomach nipping here and there until he got down to Dean’s jeans. “Up.” Cas said while tapping Dean’s hips.
“FUCK OFF!” Dean yelled and tried to wiggle out of Cas’ arms.
“You want me as your best man?”
“Alright buddy I’ll be there in a second!” Dean yelled back.
"I wont." Dean blushed and jogged inside. Dean stood behind a few people waiting his turn, he felt kinda giddy that Cas hadn't seen him yet. Dean looked around the store after the customer before him left and when he knew it was just him and Cas he leaned up against the counter. Cas had his back turned since he was throwing away receipts, Dean knew this was the time so he pitched his voice as low as he could, "I'd like a pack of menthols and your number sexy." He held his breath trying to keep himself from laughing when he saw Cas stiffen and stand up straight. He carefully reached for the pack of smokes and when he turned around he had a huge blush and looked slightly terrified.
“Tell me you’ll love me as much from six-hundred miles away as you do right now,” he says, a plea in his voice that he can’t quite suppress. “Promise me, Cas.”
“My name is Castiel Novak, son of Pastor Charles Novak,” he says, the name stirring something in the crowd, as he knew it would. His voice trembles, shakes and shivers, but he presses on, feeling something loosen in his chest as he speaks his truth. “And I’m fucking gay.”
“Goodbye, Dean!” Sarah calls over her shoulder, and he lifts his hand in a shaky wave, but she’s already being hurried along, out of sight.
“We’re really doing this?” Dean says to no one in particular as Sarah, too, slides to the floor, tucking her dress in around her knees and resting back against the couch. “Okay, then,” Dean  says with a defeated little nod as he sinks to the floor himself, followed shortly by Hannah, Kelly, and April before, finally, Castiel joins them, sitting a little too close to Dean to be an accident.
"Oh?" Castiel grins, his own breathing a little laboured as he leans in closer, chest to chest with Dean. "I thought when you said 'pin me' you meant now, not after you finished warming up with a few stretches."
Dean grins, feeling light-hearted and high on the night. “It
“For me, too. Soup.”
But when their eyes catch and hold, a smile starts at the corners of Castiel’s lips. He steps forward, pulled in, and Dean goes right to him, his own beaming grin making him feel all the more like a fool in love.
“Cas, no. No, I’m not doing that.” Dean shakes his head, inadvertently knocking Castiel’s hand away. His prince scowls, not annoyed exactly, but there’s something a little bit more than worry in his eyes. He looks almost desperate. “Besides,” Dean says, lifting a hand to brush Castiel’s messy hair back from his forehead. “If you can track me, what’s to say the bad guys can’t do the same?”
And then they’re kissing. Hot and rough and dirty, all tongue and teeth and desperate ache for more. Castiel rolls his hips, grinding into the rough lace caught at Dean’s cock, and moans deep in his chest at the blinding pleasure burning through him. Fuck, this isn’t going to last long…
thinking it," a quiet, hoarse voice croaks from the bed and Susie's entire face softens like Dean's never seen before. She turns away from him, looking down at her husband with so much love shining in her eyes. It chokes Dean up a little, a lump pushing its way into his windpipe, but he clears his throat and gets a handle on his emotions.
A breeze whispers through the waist-high grass, locking his bones into place with their icy fingers, and when he looks back to the palace from where he came, debating whether or not running back is a viable option, all he sees is a speck in the distance.
“Of course.” She ducks her head and turns away, heading for the door and closing it behind her without another word.
“Listen to your mother,” Chuck says, but Castiel doesn’t move, and when the guards step forward to pull him into his chair, Chuck shoots them a withering look. “
Castiel hands off his sword to Victor, who bows his head as he takes it. There’s a smirk there, too, and he can fuck all the way off with that.
“I’m speaking with Dean,” Castiel says, and Gerald’s jaw snaps shut, his eyes wide as he looks between the two of them. “Dean?”
No one will even care.
walking.
“I—” Dean says, then huffs again, like he’s making a decision, and suddenly, Castiel has hands on his face, and lips on his lips, and he’s being kissed hard enough to nearly knock him off his feet.
"How do you know?" Surely the kid would remember, right? How could anyone
Dean’s glare narrows further, but there’s a stab of unease in his gut now, because he does know what he means. His family, his friends—anyone he can get his hands on to hurt him.
isn’t exactly a word he’d use to describe this place—not usually, anyway—but this? This is bound to be a hoot and a half.
“Find your charge.” The words come with a force Dean doesn’t expect, sending him back on his cold, stone seat as his heart skips in his chest.
Dean shrugs, picking up his fork, but he doesn’t take a bite yet. He watches April for a moment—her chin tucked and spoon hovering above her bowl, her soup untouched as she stares, unseeing, at the breadbasket. “It’s the truth.”
“Okay,” Dean says, grateful just for the chance to hug his mom. “Um, did you want to come in?” Anxiety floods him as soon as he asks, because his prince is tolerant and kind, but Dean is, like,
He huffs, his rant petering out as he leans back on the stool. He let his emotions get away from him, he knows, and he hates that his voice holds more hurt than anger, but there isn't really much he can do about that now, is there?
“Here, dick face,” Jo snarks, hitting him on the back of the head with her clutch. Yes, Dean knows what a
“I don’t care how sad you are, boy, you
Cas's heart skipped and started to race when he saw Dean curled into a ball on the ground; "Dean, Cas is here, he's going to lift you off the floor okay?" Mary said gently, Dean slowly uncurled himself, "Cas!" he said somehow looking happy, "okay Cas, slowly." Mary said and he looped his arms under Dean's armpits and started lifting only to stop when Dean protested. "NO! NO stop! Stop it hurts!" Dean pleaded tears now running down his face. Upstairs Benny and Charlie could hear Dean's cries, "should we go see what's going on?" Charlie asked looking worried. "I think it would be better to stay up here… Cas and Mary have things under control, uh… Mary will come get us if we're needed. We should give them some privacy." Benny said.
"Close the baby gate once you get pass it." I said and walked towards Mary's room, once I got her tucked in I turned around and took Dean's hand, "come on." I said and dragged him to our room. "What are you-mff" I cut Dean off with a kiss, fisting my hands in his short hair. "Fuck. I've missed you so much." I said catching my breath.
“Take all the time you need to feel better.” He gave Dean a quick kiss, “now I’m going to go shower.”
'Your friends are going to leave now, I bet they're packing up right now to leave and never talk to you again… Cas has no choice but to stay here, I mean, he has no where else to go. Literally, his family kicked him out, so now he's here. Stuck with you, a pathetic, worthless omega.' The voice continued and Dean started hyperventilating. He briefly caught his breath and called for his mate.
I better go, and pick up Mary. I told Missouri I wouldn't be gone too long. Do you need me to pick anything up for dinner or anything?" I asked putting my jacket back on. "I don't think so, I'll figure something out when I get home." Dean said and leaned forward for a kiss which turned pretty heated, when Dean started grabbing my ass is when I cut it off. "Alright, don't start what you can't finish." I said catching my breath, "oh, I plan on finishing it tonight." Dean said with a wink.
“Here papa.” Henry said and handed Cas the black box.
Cas tried to pull Dean in but he backed up, “I’m sorry, I just can smell her on you.”
“Okay, what’s up?” Cas asked, now down to his boxers but turned around to face his mate.
“You did? Did you have fun?”
“I’m going to get the bedding stripped and ready for the washer.”
They found Mary in the living room watching the news, "mom…" Dean said sitting on the couch with Cas following. "Okay, first things first. Are you keeping it or giving it up?" Mary asked shutting the tv off, "keeping it." Dean answered grabbing Cas's hand. "Alright, 2nd thing. I know this is going to be awkward, but Cas needs to claim you as soon as possible." Mary said, "what?! Why?" Dean asked bringing a hand up to his neck, "because, if you are un-mated and are pregnant, even if you do have your partner, it causes a very high risk pregnancy. So many rape victims or people come in with un planned pregnancies and have to stay in the hospital." Mary explained, "well then, Cas bite me." Dean said showing his neck, "Dean it doesn't work that way…" Cas said squeezing his hand.
Inside the room, Dean was laying in the bed with bandages around his wrists, some monitor around his stomach to watch the baby and his glasses were on a small table. "Oh Dean." Cas whispered moving towards the bed, "I'm so sorry I wasn't there when you needed me." he said and grabbed one of his hands.
He quickly went outside to let Lucy back in and went upstairs to hop in the shower to wash away the sticky evidence of his night. Dean was drying off when he heard the front door shut, "Dean?!" Sam yelled, "upstairs!" Dean yelled back and he heard footsteps on the stairs. Dean wrapped the towel around his waist, threw on his glasses and met Sam in the hall way.
"I just wanted to let you know that Gilda, Gabe and I are heading out since I'm going to open up tomorrow for you." Charlie said, "what? Charlie, it's my turn, you did it the last two times." I said turning around slightly so I could see both Charlie and Mary. "Yeah but Cas, I'm going to let you spend another day with your daughter." Charlie said. "Okay, thank you Charlie." I gave her a quick hug and she patted my back awkwardly.
Gabe left about half an hour later saying he was going to go home and get some rest. I was flipping through the channels on the tv when there was a soft knock on the door and Sam's head poked in. "Can we come in?" Sam asked opening the door a little bit, "of course." I replied shutting the tv off. Sam and Jess came into the room and sat on each side of the bed after they both gave me hugs. "How are you feeling?" Jess asked once she was settled, "honestly, I'm sore but I feel fine. Doctor Maddison took an ultra sound and the twins are perfectly fine… H-how's Dean?" "
“Where’s the girl?” Dean asked.
"Yeah, yeah we did." Dean smiled turning a little red, "well, I like him. He's a good kid." Mary said kissing Dean's forehead. "When's Sammy coming home?" Dean asked, "not till tomorrow." Mary said, "but I have today off and tomorrow morning off so I was thinking we could just have us time." she continued. "That sounds great." Dean smiled.
“Hey mom.” Dean answered.
"I agree Cas, and I know there's no way to take back that night, but I hope you truly believe me that we didn't do anything else, no matter what Lisa says. I know I was being a stubborn jackass and not really understanding how hard all of this is on you. I know that you want a baby so bad and the fact that we aren't having luck must be killing you. Honestly, it's killing me a little. But we can work this out, I'm sure we will get there and once you are pregnant, it't going to be amazing." Dean said and I started crying, "I'm sorry, I'm so sorry." I said wiping my eyes. "I know baby, I'm sorry too." Dean said pulling me down so I was straddling his lap and our foreheads pressed together.
Mary was a little suspicious to how they were so close already when they've only known each other a week… She brushed it off know that true mates were practically a myth and went up to he son. When they heard Mary's footsteps, Dean and Cas pulled apart; "Dean, it's going to be easier if you take your shirt off." Mary said not even thinking about her son's scars. Dean looked terrified and it scared Cas, "Dean, it's going to be okay." Cas soothed and Dean just shook his head, "mom… uh. Do I have to?" Dean asked new tears forming in his eyes.
"Can I help you?" Sam asked, "hi, is Dean or Castile available? I have a package for the both of them and I need them to sign…" The UPS guy said, "uh yeah. Just a second." Sam said closing the door, "package for you. UPS guy wants you to sign for it." Sam said walking through the kitchen to go to the living room. Dean wiped his hands off and re opened the door, "hi, are you Dean Winchester or Castiel Novak?" the man asked.
“Papa can you read me a story?”
I said wiping my face with my sleeve. Once I stopped crying and was calmed down Missouri and I gathered all of Mary's things, "alright bug, ready to go home?" I asked with her bag on my shoulder, "yes mama." Mary said and I scooped her up with my free arm. "Bye Missouri, thank you so much for taking care of Mary, and for the tea." I said as I was walking out the door. "No problem honey, I can watch her anytime." Missouri smiled and waved as we made our way across the yard. I set Mary down and opened the door and Mary took off running into the house.
“We could get a cat.” Cas suggested.
“Which ones?”
Dean got out of the shower and there was a small present on the foot of the bed, but Cas was no where in sight. Dean pulled on some boxers and opened he card first
Dean pulled into the drive way right before Mrs. Tran, "hello Dean." she smiled. "Hi." he smiled back and unlocked the front door. "How's your pup?" She asked, "he's doing good. The nurse said he'll be home in no time." He smiled and grabbed a coke before going to the table where they would start on school. "I can't wait to meet him." she said pulling out everything they would need.
“Okay, okay sorry.”
“Are you feeling better hon?” Ellen asked after they got the rest of Henry’s things packed.
"He's right honey, it has to be done when you two are as close as you can be." Mary said and Dean just stared at her so Cas leaned in and whispered in his ear, "I have to be knotted to you before I can claim you other wise it doesn't work." and Dean turned bright red, "Cas when do you plan on telling your parents?" Mary asked, "they are in California right now for a big project through work and they wont be back till the end of next month… And like I told Dean, I don't believe this is a conversation to have over the phone." Cas explained, "I agree. Now, Dean I will bring home some stuff you'll need after work tomorrow, like pre-natal vitamins and a few pamphlets for you and Cas to look through." Mary said, "do you have any questions?" she continued.
By time I got home it was 4:30 and the Impala was sitting in the drive way. I went inside and Dean and Mary were coloring at the dining room table. "Hi mama." Mary smiled, "hi sweetie." I replied and kissed her forehead. "Where were you last night?" I asked Dean, "I went to the Roadhouse and then crashed at Dad's." Dean replied. "I would have come and gotten you." "I know, but I didn't want to come home." Dean replied and walked into the kitchen. "Mary why don't you go to the living room and play?" I suggested so Dean and I could talk.
incredible people I know. You love and care about everyone, you're an amazing artist, and I know for a fact that Sam looks up to you. So please talk to me when you're feeling bad or talk to Sam. Just, I can't loose you too." Mary said and carefully hugged her son.
By time their movie was over, Dean could hardly keep his eyes open. He was on his side with his feet propped on Charlie's legs and his head on Cas' lap half asleep half conscious. "Dean, the movie's over." Cas said patting his shoulder, Dean just groaned and shrugged the hand off. "Dean come on." Cas said a little louder, "whaaatttt." he whined; "movies over Sleeping Beauty. Benny and I are leavin'." Charlie chuckled and grabbed Dean's arm to help him sit up.
“I ordered Chinese. I hope that’s okay.” Charlie said softly once Cas was back downstairs.
“Don’t. I know what you’ve been doing in the showers. You don’t realize how different you smell after.” Dean said quietly.
"It's going to be okay, ignore the voice. It's not real, he's gone and I doubt he's going to come back." Cas said still talking quietly, like Dean's therapist told him to, he started rubbing Dean's back; "is the voice gone?" he asked and Dean shook his head and let out a sob.
He was startled out of his thoughts when there was a knock on the door, "Dean?" He heard his mom call out. "Just a second." He replied and tugged his sweatshirt over his head and unlocked the door. "Yeah?" Dean asked putting his glasses back on. "The hospital just called, they need me to come in for the night, so I wont be home till tomorrow sometime. Can I trust you to get out of bed on time and make it to school?" She teased, "yes mom, I already have my alarm set, and I'm sure Sammy will wake me up if something happens." Dean smiled and gave her a hug "have a good night at work." He said and kissed her cheek before going in his room.
"Mary? Is that you? Oh my goodness you've gotten so big!" Sam said dropping to his knees so Mary wouldn't be intimidated by his size. "Can I have a hug?" Sam asked holding out his arms and Mary slowly walked towards him and gave him a hug. "Happy birthday sweetheart." Sam said kissing the top of her head. "Thank you" Mary replied and walked over to Jess "hi… Your hair looks like mine." Mary said still talking quiet. "Yes, we do have similar hair, it's both blonde and curly. Hi sweetie, remember me?" Jess asked crouching down and Mary nodded her head yes.
“Alright, Gabe’s downstairs with Charlie, just a heads up.” Dean just grunted and grabbed his glasses.
stress." Cas practically growled surprising her; Amelia stomped off and Cas turned around and almost ran into Dean.
20 minutes later Charlie came bounding down the stairs with a paper bag in her hand. "First off, here." She said and threw a box of condoms at Cas, "you should probably learn to use those." she sassed and then pulled out a pregnancy test for Dean. "Here you go." she said a little softer, and chose to ignore the bruise and brace. "Thank you." Dean said quietly and got up to take the test; a minute later he came out of the bathroom, "well?" Charlie asked. "Now we wait…" Dean said getting nervous.
“Good idea. Sam get in here!”
"He-he cheated. He told me he kissed Lisa." I whispered "his ex-girlfriend Lisa?!" Gabe asked and I nodded, "that son of a bitch." He growled, "he claimed that he was so drunk he didn't know what was going on." I said chuckling darkly. "What are you gonna do?" "I told him there would be a bag on the porch and that I didn't care where he went and I would determine when he got to see Mary again." I sniffled. Gabe left an hour later once he was convinced I was calm and was going to be okay, I went upstairs and got Mary out of her bed and put her with me in mine.
By time they got to the Roadhouse, almost all of Dean's family was there. "Oh there they are!" Jo yelled running over to the table Dean and Cas claimed. "Hey Jo." Dean said tiredly, "hi. Happy Birthday, now tell me!" Jo said. "Thanks, but no, wait like 10 more minutes." Dean sighed. "Jo leave the boy alone." Ellen scolded and set a tray of cokes on the table for Dean, Cas, Charlie, Benny and Sam.
“Bye buddy, I’ll see you later.
They stood in the middle of the kitchen holding each other, not even caring that Sam and Mary could see them. "I'm sorry about the Impala by the way… Do you know who did it?" Cas asked once they broke apart to get pizza. "No. It was already done by time I left the school." Dean said grabbing a glass of water. "What happened to your car honey?" Mary asked, "someone wrote slut on the back window today while I was at the yearbook meeting." Dean explained.
An hour, a case of beer and multiple shots later, everyone was pleasantly drunk and they switched to spin the bottle. "kay, one rule." Jo said swaying a little, "no kissing relatives." everyone agreed and she spun the bottle and it landed on Andrea. "Woo!" Benny cheered and Andrea just smacked him and met Jo in the middle and they quickly pressed their lips together. She spun the bottle and it landed on Gabe, once they got their kiss over Gabe spun and it landed on Cas, "oohhh, come here lover boy!" Gabe teased pretending to lean over and kiss his brother.
They raced up to the front door giggling a little, Dean opened the door and whistled for Lucy. As soon as the hyper German Shepard bounded around the corner Dean took her outside so they wouldn't have to deal with her for the time being. They went upstairs hand in hand and as soon as they got the bedroom door closed, Dean was pressed against it with Cas' tongue in his mouth. "God, I've missed this." Dean gasped throwing his head back, giving Cas access to his neck.
“Good. I miss you.”
When they finally found the house and parked baby, they could already hear the music blaring. They made their way in and luckily found their friends quickly. "You're here!" Charlie smiled and gave both Dean and Cas a hug, "dudes, we're like seniors now." Charlie continued to grin. "I guess." Cas chuckled, "Benny, it's not gonna be the same with out you next year." Dean frowned a little. "Hey. No sad shit tonight." Charlie interrupted, "tonight is about having fun, getting wasted, and having lots of sex!" Charlie yelled. "And no getting pregnant!" She eyed Dean who flipped her the bird and took Cas' hand to find drinks.
Dean grabbed Henry’s bedding and the guest room bedding and headed for the laundry room when his phone rang. “Hey Charlie.” he answered.
“I think they’re outside chief.” Benny said pointing to the back door. Sure enough, as soon as Cas looked over he saw Henry run by with Charlie chasing after him. Cas set the pizzas on the dining room table and went outside.
Next monday rolled around and Dean groaned as the stale smell of dried slick filled his nose. He realized that he was still sleeping with Cas's pillow case on his pillow and that he had one of his shirts clutched in his fingers. He tossed the shirt on the ground, grabbed his glasses and made his way to the bathroom. Dean took his glasses off, setting them on the counter ignoring his reflection and got in the shower, he scrubbed his skin with his scent blockers and then scrubbed his hair, erasing all traces of his heat down the drain.
Dean said and glanced at his clock, 3:30.
“Hi… What are you up to?”
"Yeah, well Dean's the narrator." Cas said trying to get the attention away from him, "oh that's great! Now all three of my boys are in the play!" Mary smiled and Cas' heart fluttered a little. Sure he already knew Mary considered him as one of her own now but it was still nice to hear. They ate around the island that night, "so when is the play?" Mary asked, "should be April 10th, 11th and the 12th." Dean said refilling his glass of water.
“Hey.” Cas grinned and gave Dean a quick kiss.
Once the blood washed off his hands and on his lower arms he just stood there. Eventually as the day's events caught up to him, his legs gave out and he sunk down on the shower floor and sobbed. He sobbed because he lost his parents basically, but he mostly sobbed for Dean and their unborn child.
Cas couldn’t help but feel sorry for his mate as he watched Dean shuffle out of the kitchen. He knows how much his attacks drain him for the rest of the day. Cas put Dean’s container of food in the fridge along with the queso dip. He finished his food as he moved around the kitchen, cleaning up and getting things ready for the pie.
Dean scented the air again and he could faintly smell watermelon, "Cas, I think it's the pup!" Dean said sitting up, "oh my gosh, it is!" Cas smiled and kissed Dean again. As they kissed, Cas slowly worked Dean open. "Cas, m'ready." Dean said quietly, "are you sure?" Cas asked, "yes, I'm good." Dean smiled and kissed him.
Dean flinched and try to yank his hand away but Cas held onto it, "Dean! Snap out of it!" Cas almost yelled and Dean slowly blinked and he stared at Cas, "there you are, just breath okay? Nice and slow, calm down. You
"Make yourself at home." Dean scoffed swatting Benny's feet that were propped up on the table. "Don't mind if I do." he smiled. Dean just rolled his eyes and sat on Cas' lap in the recliner while Charlie just pouted and sat next to Benny on the couch with her arms crossed. "What's got your panties in a knot?" Benny asked, "Dean wont show me the sonogram." she huffed, "only because you were grabbing for it." Dean said already reaching into his back pocket for it. "I warned you red to give them a chance to settle." Benny chuckled.
Enjoy :) Let me know what you think!
Dean stared at the razor, tears rolling down his face.
"Alright, Cas, Gilda, Meg and Sam. On stage we're going to go through No One is Alone." Mrs. Rosen announced and Dean instantly put his painting down so he could listen and watch. Sure he's heard Cas sing but it was just like goofy stuff like singing in the shower or in the Impala with him, but not actually scripted words. Hell, he's never really even heard Sam sing.
"It's the truth." Cas said looking up, "I know baby, I love you too." Dean smiled and ran his fingers through Cas' hair. They laid there staring at each other for a few minutes when Cas smelled something different. "Dean, do you smell that?" Dean scented the air, "no, I don't think so…" he said and Cas pressed his nose against Dean's stomach, "it's coming from you… I smell apples like your normal scent, but… Dean, it smells like watermelon." Cas said.
The final bell rang and Cas quickly found Dean in the sea of people. "Dean!" Cas called out and Dean turned around, "hey babe, what's up?" he asked, "so Gabe is being a douche and wont pick me up after practice, so would you be willing to?" Cas asked. "Hmm I don't know… I just might make you walk." Dean winked, "you wouldn't dare." Cas playfully glared. "Yeah, I'll pick you up, I might come a little earlier just so I can see you in your speedo." Dean winked again and walked away.
“Sorry.” Henry frowned while Cas picked up the fork and got him a new one.
-_-_-
He found a good spot on Dean's neck and bit down hard marking him as he knotted them together, causing Dean to come again. "Jesus fucking christ." Cas moaned and arranged them carefully so they were spooning. They instantly could feel a difference in their bond after Cas claimed his mate. Dean could already feel a change in his pregnancy, he already felt better, not knowing he wasn't feeling the best. "I love you." Cas whispered into Dean's neck, "hmm love you too." he sighed happily before falling asleep.
"Can you stay with me tonight?" Dean asked once Mary left, "you gave me a few of your shirts when I was supposed to be in heat, and you can just wear those jeans tomorrow. I'll even let you borrow a pair of my boxers and socks… Please just stay with me tonight Cas." Dean begged. "If it's okay with your mom and I let Gabe know. I don't have swim in the morning anyway." He said and he felt warm all over when Dean smiled really big. "Thank you! I love you so much." he said kissing him. "I love you too." Cas chuckled.
talk about Dean like that again, if I ever hear you talking about him that way again, or if I see you touch him, I
'You know what to do Dean, write a little note and tell everyone you're sorry then just end it.' 10 minutes later, Dean was in the bathroom and he placed the note on the sink where it would be easier to see and sat on the floor.
“Dean.” Charlie said, and when Dean didn’t bother looking up she nudged him. “Dean, look.”
"Well look what the cat dragged in!" Ellen yelled from behind the bar when she saw us walk in. "Ash, man the front for a while!" Ellen yelled to the kitchen. We walked over to our usual booth and I just put Mary on my lap. "Hi boys, hello Mary. Come here!" Ellen said holding out her arms and Mary practically jumped over the table to get to Ellen. "Oh, you're getting so big!" Ellen said kissing her cheek earning a giggle. "Is Bobby in the kitchen?" Dean asked, "no, the old coot is at home sleeping probably." Ellen said handing Mary back to me.
"I just wanted to tell you that mom and dad will be home tomorrow. And that mother said to come home straight after swim practice and that she would like it very much if Dean came over again for dinner." Gabe stated and left. "Um, okay then…" Dean said and started laughing, "I better get going anyway, I told Sammy I'd order pizza and you need to calm down and go to work." he grinned again and pecked his lips against Cas's, "see you tomorrow."
“I don’t know. I’ll let you know before we leave.” Cas walked into their bedroom just as Dean pulled on a pair of jeans. “Dean, please know I didn’t start the hug.”
Dean walked into the kitchen and noticed Cas outside starting the grill. He inspected the pie and grabbed a couple drinks out of the fridge and met Cas outside. “Pie smells good.” Dean handed Cas one of the Cokes.
“Mhmm.” Henry hummed and clung tighter to Cas when he sat down.
“No. And that’s the thing, Claire is either already there when I drop Henry off or she’s gone by time I pick him up. So if it is her, she’s staying away. Which is a good thing but I just have this gut feeling like something’s up.”
mean you have to do whatever an alpha tells you." Mary said and wiped away the few tears that rolled down Dean's cheeks. "Come on let's go get some pie and go home." Dean nodded and followed his mother down the stairs.
"Okay, do you know what you want, Dean I already know you want your special. Cas what about you honey?" Ellen asked "Um, bacon cheese burger then loaded fries, but instead of fries can they be onion rings?" I asked "Dude, that's disgusting." Dean said making a face, "shut up, you know I get weird cravings." I glared "of course you can Cas, now Mary do you want chicken nuggets?" Ellen asked and Mary nodded her head.
Cas groaned and Dean thought he had hurt him so he pulled away, “shit I’m sorry did I hurt you?”
Half way through the movie, Dean found himself watching Cas more than the movie, he couldn't help but concentrate on his facial expressions when a new scene came up. His gaze flickered down to his lips and Dean couldn't stop thinking about what it would feel like to kiss them. "Cas." Dean whispered and when Cas turned his head he flinched just a little from Dean's closeness.
“Hey buddy.” Cas said and opened the back door and unstrapped him. “What have you been up to today?” Cas asked once he had Henry up in his arms.
“Dean.” Cas started to explain.
"Yeah, we uh we went to the lake and you got so sunburnt!" Cas said and started laughing "I know, luckily you had Aloe in your bag and you had to rub it on my back once we got back to my place!" Amelia said chuckling. "It's also the first time you kissed me." she said and Dean had enough, he shut the bedroom door and curled up in a ball, well as best as his stomach would allow.
"Thanks for the offer Gabe, but even if we didn't have the basement, I couldn't leave Dean." Cas said, "wait, how did you get an apartment?" he asked, "I have my ways, besides dad got tired of my tricks so he said that he'll cut me off too if I didn't move out." Gabe shrugged pulling a sucker out of his pocket. "Oh, and I've got a present for you and Dean-o." Gabe said, "it's upstairs." he continued and turned to make his way up.
Growling a little he shoved his phone back in his pocket.
"Dean, come in! How was your therapy?" She asked. "Fine… Here." He said and handed her the paper and he saw multiple emotions run across his mother's face. Sadness, confusion, shock and more sadness. "Oh Dean, if only I noticed sooner." Mary said and he saw a tear slide down her face. "Mom, it's okay. I did a good job of hiding this." Dean said and got up to pull Mary in for a hug. "Okay, well I can get you these on your way out. But will you tell me about your session?" She asked and Dean sighed.
“Dean listen to me!” You can’t go in, the building could collapse.”
I jolted awake a few hours later to pure bliss. I looked down and I barley saw Dean between my legs slowly bobbing his head up and down, "Dean, wha-what did I say about not wanting to be woken up?" I asked and propped myself up on my elbows, Dean popped off and sat up, "well, you were making some interesting noises in your sleep and I figured I'd help you." Dean winked and went back to sucking my dick. "Fuck!" I shouted when Dean swallowed around it, "I was wonderin' when you'd wake up. Been doin' this for about 5 minutes now." Dean said in between licks.
Dean and Cas were cleaning up the basement before their friends came over for a movie night. Mary had agreed to watch Henry for the night as long as Dean came up every now and then to feed him. "Hey, Cas!" Dean called out from the living room, "yeah?" he asked poking his head out of the bathroom. "We never did open this box." Dean said gesturing the package they got last week.
“Cas, you do. Just by being here with me every day and loving me and our son unconditionally.” The two sat in silence for a little bit before Cas asked about Dean’s other appointment.
“Oh, yeah just come down to the station and I’ll switch you vehicles… And you know, I told you the suburban would come in handy.”
"Okay, Dean and I talked about it, Lisa and Garth, you two will cover arts/music and any fun candids, while Becky you deal with academics, Cas and Dean will deal with sports. When you finish a page print it off and hand it in to me and me and Dean'll go over it and find any mistakes. Any questions?" Bobby asked and everyone said no and went back to their desks to do their quiz, which Dean knew he aced. "Oh, by the way, don't forget about your collages, I've decided to assign it again at the end of the year to see if you're family has grown or changed in any way." Bobby said and then went back to grading the quizzes.
"Okay Charlie, you've got the cupcakes in the van right?" I asked for the 3rd time. "Yes, Cas. I have the cupcakes in the van. Relax." Charlie said closing the hatch of her mom's van. "I'm sorry I just want to make sure we don't forget anything. "I understand, it's a big gig. Well it's our first gig. But who cares, we're gonna crush it and if that spoiled teen doesn't like it, well she can fall into Mount Doom." Charlie said and got in the van while Dean and I followed in the Impala.
"How is it going Cas?" Jess came over and gave me a gentle hug, "fine, once Dr. Maddison returns it'll be time." I smiled weakly. "Okay son, we just wanted to say good luck. We'll be outside waiting." John said and squeezed my shoulder before he left passing Dr. Maddison and a few nurses along the way. "Okay Cas, ready to meet Henry and Lily?" "More than ever." I said and Dean moved closer to my side and grabbed my hand. "Okay Cas, next contraction, start pushing."
"oomph, Dean, I could have gotten out of the chair myself." I said but kissed him anyway. "Yeah, but I wanted to." Dean said deepening the kiss. My hands ended up tangled in his hair and Dean's grabbed my ass when I moaned into the kiss. "Ewwww" Mary yelled covering her eyes and we broke apart laughing "sorry baby girl." Dean chuckled and we got in the Impala.
“Dean, would you come with me to the apartment so I can finally get the rest of my stuff and leave my key?” Charlie asked.
Cas woke up to Dean's whispers and slow made his way to the nursery to see if he needed help. Cas stopped in the doorway and felt his heart melt a little at the sight of Dean rocking their pup and nursing him. He stood there for a few minutes just staring before he spoke up. "Dean?" he whispered from the doorway, Dean looked up and smiled, "it's okay Cas. Go back to bed, I've got it." he whispered and Cas watched him turn his attention back to Henry.
“Oh, I’ve just missed you so much buddy. You’re my bestest friend.” Charlie sniffled.
"Tell me what you want baby." Cas asked now resting his cheek on Dean's thigh and traced along Dean's erection but never touching it. "Fuck. Cas, baby I need you…" Dean moaned bucking his hips slightly. "Tell me." Cas said moving up and started pressing kisses over the gentle swell of Dean's stomach, "for god's sake. Castiel fuck me!" Dean moaned, bucking up to get some sort of friction.
Dean woke up to soft music coming from the kitchen. He rubbed his eyes and looked at his alarm clock, 11:30. "Jesus!" Dean said and got out of bed thankful that his ribs didn't hurt as bad as yesterday and went downstairs. Mary was in the kitchen making lunch, "hey sweetie. Did you sleep okay?" Mary asked once she saw Dean come in. "Yeah, better than I have in a while actually." Dean said grabbing the carton of orange juice out of the fridge. "Good. So, did you and Cas have a good night?" She asked putting the casserole in the oven.
“Alright, what’s going on?” Dean asked once the window was cracked and he climbed into bed next to Charlie.
"Dean that's wonderful!" Mary beamed, "yeah, that's not even the best part." Cas said. "Cas. Stop, I haven't even decided yet." Dean said putting his fork down, "decided on what?" Sam asked and Cas just gave Dean a look. "I hate you…" he sighed, "Alex Murray, the head guy down at the art museum offered me a job, saying that he loved my paintings so much." Dean shrugged, "Dean." Cas said, "oh my god… Alright, he also offered to buy my paintings for $300 each." Dean said staring intently at his food. "$600 dollars total?!" Mary shrieked, "Dean! That's amazing, and a job offer!" she said smiling, "yeah… He said to give him a call when I decide." he shrugged.
We started dating, we graduated high school, bought a house, got a cat, we got engaged, I started my first and last year of college, and I became the proud owner of one of the best bakeries in Lawrence. Things started getting better, after we spent my first heat together, I got pregnant.
John left and Dean and I sat there in silence for a while. "Cas are you sure you're okay with this? I know it's right after Mary's accident, but dad's real excited about this restoration." Dean asked coming over to the couch. "Dean, it's fine. Really… How long will you be gone?" I asked taking his hand, "uh two, three days tops." Dean replied. I told him it was okay and we headed upstairs. "Cas? Why is Mary in our bed?" Dean asked when he came into the bedroom. "Because I want her in here tonight." I said heading towards the bathroom, "Cas… She's gotta go back to her room sometime. I let you sleep in here when we got back, but if we keep letting her do this, she's going to get the idea she can sleep with us whenever."
Cas sat there staring at the sonogram for a few minutes before looking back up, "what are we going to do? I'm only 17, you wont be 17 til January!" he said starting to panic. "Cas, baby calm down, mom already said she'll help us as much as she can, so will Ellen and Bobby. Mom just want's to know if we're going to keep it or give it up for adoption." Dean said trying to be the calm one since Cas was freaking out. "I don't want to give it up." Cas said snapping back to reality, and Dean breathed out a sigh of relief, "me either." he said and suddenly Cas had him pinned down to the bed, "oh my god, I love you so much." he said peppering kisses all over Dean's face making him smile.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you.” Cas whispered.
"Okay, just tell me why." Mary said quietly. "I… I don't know." Dean whispered, "bull. I'm sorry but everyone has a reason. I honestly don't think anyone would do this for fun." Mary said, Dean took a deep breath and released it; "i-it's the only way to make the voices stop." Dean said in such a small voice it reminded Mary of when he was a little kid. "What voices?" "I-in my h-head… When I get scared, or when I'm upset… Th-they.. Well it, it sounds like dad." Dean said absently rubbing his arm where most of his scars were. "Always telling me h-how pathetic I am. A-and how I'm nothing but a worthless omega." Dean said choking back sobs. "It goes away as soon as the blood sp-spills." Dean said curling into Mary. "Don't hate me. Please, ju-just don't hate me." Dean sobbed. Mary started crying too, "honey, I could never hurt you. What John did to our family is wrong. What he said to you before he left never should have happened. But you listen to me Dean Winchester. You are one of the
