He finds Castiel, standing with his back to the door, in front of the kitchen counter muttering to himself. Dean moves his weight between his feet and clicks his tongue on the roof of his mouth before clearing his throat and sees amused as Castiel lets out a sound and turns around with stormy eyes.
“Anna, it’s” he sighs and licks his lips, trying to think of what to say. He almost gets angry, hating this. This walking around eggshells conversation, it’s not like he will break. “I don't, I really don't want to talk about it” he settles for honesty.
“We both know that's not true” she eyes him and shakes her head slightly. He feels like he is being mocked and he instinctively wants to look down, but stops himself. Dean really hates cops.
He sees Carmen laying on the end of the bed, who opens her green eyes and looks at him for a few seconds and goes back to sleep. He shakes his head with fondness at her and strips of his clothes. He stands wearing just his boxer briefs, contemplating whether to shower or not. In the end his exhaustion wins and decides to shower in the morning. He brushes his teeth on the joined bathroom and then wears his t shirt for sleep and goes to bed. He registers Carmen moving, going under the covers and laying her head on his calf before sleep takes him.
“We are working on a case” He finally starts and he is still looking at the ceiling. “A man died last week. He was a sex worker.” He pauses.
“Hi” he whispers, staring at blue eyes and a strange, almost eerie calm overtakes him, along with excitement. It’s a weird feeling and he doesn't know if he likes it or not.
“I do trust you” the words surprise him, but he covers it with clearing his throat. “It’s just…”
After they order, a comfortable silence falls between them. It’s what Castiel enjoys most when he is with Anna, that they don't feel the need to fill in the pauses, that somehow, they still communicate. It is what made them a good team. Castiel joined her team in the drug enforcement, almost seven years ago. He was young and his overall personality seemed to put people off, but Anna liked him and as she often said he was one of the best people she had ever worked with.
He keeps going until he feels them tip close to edge and then he stops until they are brought down and Cas makes a protesting sound on the back of his throat, but Dean wants to drag this out, wants this to last as much as possible. Even through the urgency humming through his body, that he tries to tamper down, along with the amazement of having this with Cas, of being able to touch Cas like this, that makes him want to touch him all over. He wants to make him scream in pleasure, hold him there, make him incoherent, make him feel nothing but Dean.
Charlie follows his eyes and whistles softly, making Dean sober up.
It’s where Sam finds him.
He walks in five minutes to, debating whether he should sit in the last row, but that would be pathetic and probably make thinks weird, because it’d mean that Dean is affected by this whole thing, which he is not. So, he sits in his usual seat and gets his stuff out and waits, drawing shapes in the margins of his notebook, like usual. Apart from his harsh lines and stiff hand.
“I don't know” he starts and it feels harder than it should, “Lessons are ok, literature is somewhat more interesting”, he shrugs again, looking at Jo who is giving him a concerned look. “What?” he asks her again.
Jack furrows his brows, mouth opening. They have talked about him, just bits and pieces over the last couple of weeks. “He was un obsessed bastard who- who didn’t care who he hurt as long as he got what he wanted and I didn’t want to be like him.”
He can't breathe.
Castiel thinks about heading to Charlies’ lab to see if she has found something, but he knows that if the redhead had found anything she would call. He gets to the elevator just before the doors close. He looks up and sees Victor, pressing the button for the doors to reopen.
“Do you have a name?” she asks carefully, like she didn't want to disturb either him or the man lying on the table, Castiel wasn't sure.
It’s weird to watch them. For one they are in the same body, two their relationship is something he can’t pin point, but it’s so tangible, so familiar in a strange way. There is a nudge in the back of his mind, but he cannot figure out what it is.
“So, you
They arrive at the parking lot, Dean and Castiel stopping next to his car, but Sam takes a couple of steps forward, and Dean knows he is looking for the Impala.
“I think you are a remarkable person. No, you are going to let me talk” he says and Dean closes his mouth. “I wish you would see just how wonderful you are. And Sam, if you tell him or he comes here, he wont care. Dean, if he is how you say he is, which I’m sure he is, you brought him up, then he wont mind. You are not letting anyone down, Dean. You won’t disappoint him, not after all the things you’ve done. You have sacrificed”
Sam purses his lips and opens the door, getting in the back. They follow him in and Castiel pulls out of the parking lot.
He reaches with his hand to touch his neck, but stops. A shiver runs up his spine thinking about last night. He shakes his head, trying to clear his thoughts and wears the sweatpants.
After the nurse checks on him and removes everything from his body and he is standing in the hallway with Castiel, because no he isn’t using a wheelchair, he can walk, and annoying Hael is great, he is handed with the discharged papers. He goes to sign them when Castiel takes them from his hands and signs them, giving them back to the woman behind the counter with a small smile and a nod.
He hastily walks to Baby and once he is inside, he releases a breath and turns the ignition on along with the heat. He is tired and there is a headache forming, that he is fruitlessly trying to fight. He seats there for a couple of seconds before unbuttoning his jacket. He really needs to start wearing gloves.
He thinks to himself as he walks out of the station.
“Ok, I will. For now.”  he answers eventually and Dean can’t help but smile at his answer, because it is so Sam and he misses the kid so much.
“hm” Dean hums, he desperately wants to play it off, even get up and give him an excuse about leaving, get him out of the difficult position. But he can’t, he doesn’t even want to leave. So he just stares at his hands on his lap.
“Dean.” He turns his head to the other side, where Sam is waving at him. He sighs, moving towards them. He stands in front of them and stares at Castiel who is staring back at him, open and intensely and Dean has to try not to lick his lips.
She turns her body fully towards his. “They used an awful summoning meant for me to help whoever spoke it and then mocked me and what I represent.”
It’s an office. An earth toned office, that is full with books. There are bookcases, two, one behind the desk, taking the entire wall on Dean’s right and another on the opposite wall. But it doesn't stop there, there are piles of books on the floor and the coach, there is a particularly high pile next to an armchair; there are papers with notes everywhere as well and it’s messy, and but somehow it appears natural, as if this is how it is meant to be, how Novak’s office is meant to be.
“Hello Dean” it is said quietly, almost matching Dean’s tone, with a certainty that doesn’t match the disbelief in his face.
They walk in silence until they stop at the red light waiting to cross the road.
The third victim happens three days after the second and seven days after the first and his heart is not missing. From the photographs it appears as if someone had tried to rip it off but hadn’t managed to do anything other than tear through the flesh and muscles and break the ribcage.
“Alright”. Dean replies because he doesn’t know what else to say. He gives him back the same smile, and watches as Castiel releases a breath and his muscles start to relax, making Dean’s stomach clench and he thinks he is going to hurl.
“Just take him already” and ok, perhaps he had grew on Dean after visiting him almost every day for the past two-ish weeks.
It does catch him a bit by surprise, he wasn’t as prepared as he thought, and  he chokes, but swallows eagerly as much as he can.
“Yes. We will check them” Hannah says looking a bit hesitant. Castiel looks at her questioningly and she sighs. “Don't you think whoever is doing this, would have hacked them again?”
“Your pasta?” Sam responds a little hesitant, like he is embarrassed or something, turning his puppy eyes on, as if Dean would say no.
And Cas the bastard, looks at him, like he doesn't know what is going on and asks “You want me to stop?”
He shakes his head, “It’s fine, I’m- It’s fine”
“Cher” Benny starts.
Dean nods and Castiel spaces out for a moment and then he shakes his head. After a bit he asks for the plot and Dean provides it, with a bit of extra detail and more enthusiasm than he would like. By the time he is done the movie starts and so they fall silent and watch.
He picks it up tentatively. It is a guy that appears to be a little younger than Dean, with blonde hair and blue eyes, he is smiling at the camera. The smile reaches his eyes, there is a girl standing next to him, smiling just as wide as him.
Dean smiles broadly at him, despite himself; it seems to relax them both. “Nah”
“Ngh” he grabs at Cas shoulders and tries to bring him up at him, then Cas manages to remove his boxers and the cool air feels good on his skin.
Dean rolls his eyes and sits up, placing the laptop on the coffee table. “What d’ you want?”
There are pots, with herbs at the window, because even though Cas doesn't cook, he likes plants, something that Dean discovered with great amusement and a somewhat strange, but educationally conversation about nature. He looks at the counter next to him, where various objects are left there, a contrast to the rest spotless kitchen. He sees a photograph among them. It’s Cas and another man, who has a hand behind Cas’ shoulders. Cas is young there, early twenties, like with the woman on the beach. They are both smiling, Cas has his eyes close and he head is titled backwards a bit. He looks happy and so much different than the Cas standing in the kitchen with him. He touches the edge of it carefully, and swallows. There is something he-
“I do. It’s just, sometimes it feels like it never stops” He says just as they reached their floor.
“I’ve seen him around down town, where I volunteer for the homeless, and I have a friend that gives condoms, and she gives prostitutes whole packages whenever she can” Castiel nods at that and she continues.
“You can refuse anything, anytime” he tells him seriously, turning on his side, popping his head on his hand to look down at Dean, who steadily eyes at the ceiling.
Maybe it’s because he said his name, Dean thinks crossing his arms on top of the table.
Sam jumps and turn to look at him, saying a tired, “Hi”
“I will tell Sam and- Wait, I think-” he reaches for his wallet and starts going through it, he really needs to get reed of all this useless cards and receipts, but “I think I might have her card”. He doesn't.
“We are getting there.”
He takes big gulps of air. Feels his lungs expand and burn.
The silence stretches between them and Castiel knows that Crowley won’t talk until he finishes, but he doesn't know if he can. He glances around the room and then down at his hands again, he stares at them for a minute willing himself to talk. He swallows thickly and looks at Crowley. He is reminded of the feeling he got when he found his underwear in the bathroom. He knows Dean didn't mean to leave them. There was this tightness and sadness that felt like it would either tear his chest open or he would throw up. Instead he picked them up put them into the washing machine with his clothes, washed them, dried them and placed them at the back of his drawer.
“Yes, just some economic sh- stuff”
When the lecture finally finishes, he stays on his seat until most of the students leave, apart from the ones that are talking to Castiel by his desk. He sighs, rolling his eyes at himself and packs his staff.
. And sometimes that if kills something in him.
“Jo’s friend?”
“It’s ok.” Castiel smiles softly at him and Dean looks down at the table.
“Fine” he mutters, “Can we watch the movie know?”
“I am expected to believe that he just casually helped a prostitute with a fake ID?”
I know I said that I wouldn't add to this, but then this happened so
“You know how I couldn't think it?” Castiel asks and he knows, she knows what he means. He takes another deep breath. “I can now. And it feels good and weird and freeing and sometimes I hate myself for it because… I was thinking about Dean and it felt good then. Everything feels good with Dean. But afterwards, when I got home, it was like, it came down to me, that I was- I don't know what. It was a feeling I can’t describe and then I felt guilty all over again.” He stops to take a breath and hopes that all that made sense. “It is tiring. One step, two steps back and I…”
He skims through the papers he is holding, and immediately turns down biology, suppressing a shudder, he remembers how it was on high school and Deans knows his chances for failing altogether are pretty high and he doesn't want to raise them higher. Mythology sounds good, but boring, especially since those courses run for both semesters and he already knows enough about mythology, which leaves him with literature. He was never that good at it, well it could be that he didn't have the money to buy the books or the time to read them but still, he struggled with all the terms and meanings. After contemplating it for a minute more and feeling Talbots’ stare, he signs up for the literature course and gives the form back to her.
He walks mechanically towards his car and can’t help but think that this isn’t a coincidence. Not that he believes in coincidences.
“You sure? Because I have time”
they had about him and help or whatever. After a while, he gets restless from sitting in that silence and reaches and turns on the radio, which of course is in a classical station. He huffs and hears Cas chuckles, before changing it until he finds something he likes.
“Hey” Dean mumbles, looking up at him and Castiel can’t help but think how green his eyes are.
“No,” he growls darkly and has to hold himself from getting up and sprinting out of there, putting as much distance between them as possible. “If you do someth-”
For a moment they just stand there, taking each other in, anticipation taking over their minds.
“Ok, I got it. No talking. Not that I have anyone to talk to about it” He matters the last bit, but Cas hears it anyway and offers him a small smile, that Dean ignores again.
“Your hands are shaking and you are pale” he says voice placating and Dean wants to scream, “I can drive you-”
They continue to drive quietly until Dean almost swerves the car off the road. He hears Sam exclaim but he is too busy trying to shut the radio that he doesn’t pay attention to him.
“We don't have to. Really.”
He sighs and unlocks his door rather aggressively. He removes his trench coat and shoes, and leaves his bag there in the hall underneath the coat rack, and heads to the bedroom where he takes his blazer, tie and socks off as well. He moves to the bathroom and washes his hands and splashes cold water to his face. He runs his hands through his hair and avoids looking at the mirror.
“Yeah well” he doesn't know what to say and he hates it. It wasn't supposed to be like that between them, so he utters “What about the honeymoon?”
And she responds
He remembers how they both cried when they saw each other. How he held her tight and for a long time. How, after she went to see her parents, she came to him and they sat in baby, until she told him he should get a house.
He does and then he orders another two, because Andy finishes his as well. After Dean’s third and Andy’s second they walk out the bar and Andy tells him his apartment is two streets over and after a moments’ hesitation, he follows him.
He works a second finger in and then a third, before Dean feels that familiar feeling of pressure and waves of pleasure that follow it, he moans and Cas continues to press his fingers there in very other movement. He is panting, his dick leaking in his stomach and he can barely produce a coherent thought. Then Cas removes his fingers and Dean will never admit the whine that escapes him. Cas just leans down and kisses him slow, but not less hungry.
He puts on his trench coat and slings his bag on his shoulder, before opening the door. He stops at the threshold as he sees a man sitting on one of the chairs in front of Megs’ desk. He freezes for a couple of seconds, but soon composes himself and turns around to turn off the lights in his office and lock the door. Then he turns back around and walks towards him, only when he is a few feet away does Dean lift his head and looks at him. Castiel takes a step back instinctively.
He doesn't talk much during the sessions, sometimes he wants to but, he can’t get it out or find the words, so Billie is the one doing most of the talking. She asks him questions, difficult questions with even more difficult and complicated answer that lead to a lot of emotions, some of which Dean can’t name. Sometimes Dean feels like it’s pointless and that perhaps he can’t tackle it all. He tells her, which surprises him and she chuckles softly, tells him it is how it will be for a while, but he will get there, as long as he wants to. There being the reasons for going to her all together, Dean guesses. They weren’t very clear, because well they are long complicated and basically Dean, and as he thought about that answer, he realised
Cas looks at him dismally and sighs, something darkening in his eyes.
“Sure” Dean says nodding. And goes at the counter to take one. “Where is Lily today?” he asks.
“Castiel, I think that your problem-”
Dean shuts his eyes tightly listening to Sam moving stuff around and pretends nothing is wrong. Like he pretends his jacket with Cas’s handprint isn’t at the bottom of his closet and when he wants to make himself feel disgusting he takes out.
Dean needs to get fucked.
“Yes, but look at him. I would totally change teams for him, if I looked at him long enough” she says with a smirk and glancing back to Novak.
“We-”
Dean can’t see their faces, but he guesses they can’t be too different to the ones he can see. Everyone is looking at Novak dumbfound.
And he is old now. Old enough that all the anger in his chest is gone and in its place is a heavy weight that makes his eyes sting.
He thinks about Sam, it has been a month since he last spoke to him. He wonders if he is well and happy, though he did sound content in their last phone call, albeit a little reserved. They have been drifting apart lately and Dean hates it. Sometimes he thinks about going to California but dismisses the idea. He will have nowhere to live, and Sam will probably ask him to live with him. But he knows the kid lives in a one-bedroom apartment with his girlfriend and Dean would impose. Plus, he doesn't know how he will go jobwise and it’s not much he can do with a high school diploma. And he has no way of repairing Baby and he isn’t going to leave her here. Also, just because he and Sam, would be in the same city doesn't mean they will be close. He knows Sam has a life, away from him and he is happy for him, he really is. He always wanted for him the best, it’s just… sometimes he is a bit bitter about it and hates himself for it. Sam got out, he did what he always wanted, go to Stanford to be a lawyer and Dean stayed here in this city, taking care of his dad, like always, only for him to drive, literally, himself to death and leave Dean completely alone.
has asked him twice if he’d like a glass of water, in a tone like he has personally offend her. He moves his feet; his shoes squeaking in the overly shiny floor and he closes his eyes for a moment. There is a perfume in the air that is bothering him and he has to stop himself from scrunching his nose for the tenth time, in the last five minutes.
When he is done with these classes, he moves to the IT building to find Charlie as he promised her. She is a PhD candidate who is working as a teaching assistant to Dorothy Baum, who she totally has a crush on, but doesn't admit. They met three years ago, when she brought her car to the garage because it made a strange sound – sparkplugs problem - and they became friends or more accurately, she bossed her way into his life. Not that he minds, he loves her, she one of the most amazing people in his life.
It takes a moment for Cas to understand the question and he looks at Dean at loss, repeating, “What about Kali?”
He moves his eyes to meet the blue ones already watching him.
“Right” he touches the handle of the cup moving it somewhat, mindful of the hot liquid not to spill. “Thank you” his eyes move up just in time to catch the small smile on the other man’s lips.
Crowley smiles smugly at him and Castiel scowls yet again at him. “What about the other thing?”
“Are you studying?” he asks him eventually, and Dean nods.
He arrives with five minutes to spare, but he knows that
“No” Castiel says amused, “I chose Yale”
He removes Dean’s jacket, then starts inching Dean’s shirt up, and Dean sighs.
But he was always so careful.
Sam lives just across from Claire and Kaia and their little one story house, filled with herbs.
The main problem with a small apartment is that Dean doesn't have enough room to walk around angrily as he talks on the phone with Sam. He even went to the bathroom, which has just enough room for him to do a 360 turn. He takes a deep breath and exhales slowly trying to cool down.
“A friend” he responds trying to keep his tone smooth and gives her a reassuring smile.
Dean splutters, “Don't turn this on me.”
“Glad you think so”
No, he really doesn’t.
“They are all…?” Castiel nods. “Same person?”
He puts his head in his hands. “No it’s not. I can’t-”
, he finds a pen on the bedside table and a notepad on the dresser. He rips a page and writes his number and name quickly, before he loses his nerve, and leaves it on top of the sweatpants on the dresser.
Sam throws him a look. “Not really. Just a normal place.”
He doesn’t say anything though, when Sam returns with the plates. He just eats his pizza and half way through the movie he falls back to sleep.
He opens the door to the lecture hall and sees some students already seated, a few are around the professors’ desk talking with her. He moves farther into the room and choses a seat on the third row towards the middle, he sits down with a huff and takes a minute to breath.
Castiel shots him a knowing look “What kind do you want?” He raises his eyebrows and Cas chuckles.
“No, thank you.” He simply says, with no emotion.
“Yeah ok”
Their order arrives shortly after and Castiel looks at him expectantly. Nodding towards his plate.
After a minute of silence, Dean gets up scraping his chair on the floor with an obnoxious sound, puts on the jacket he had thrown on the table earlier and exits the Bunker. Cas doesn’t look at him once.
Dean can see Lisa flush at the words and she lets out a small “yeah” then adds, voice high “it’s also on your university page”
“Yes, but I can’t tomorrow, I have a study group-”
Dean turns his head to look at her, as she takes her seat behind her desk and lies “Yes”. He gives her a small smile and leaves, still holding the paper in his hands.
Sometimes when he lays in bed and it’s quiet and he has nothing but darkness, he prays, just his name and just once.
“Excuse me” he hears a soft voice say and lifts his eyes after realizing they are referring to him, meeting pale blue ones. “Is there something I can help you with?”
He glances at the girl at the end of the aisle as she browses the books and he sighs. He gets up and takes the book with him. He moves around the library feeling tired and groggy, which isn’t really a surprise considering he hasn't slept well in the past week.
“What about him?” Dean asks through a mouthful of pasta.
“Cas”
Dean turns his glare at him, “Whose side are you on?”
“You too”
“Here,” he says passing the phone to Castiel, having already pull up Gildas’ number. “I hope she helps” he adds watching Castiel typing in his phone. “Just call her tomorrow and ask. Probably after eleven”
Castiel shudders, mouth slightly open, watching as Dean has now worked two fingers in, he reaches down and touches himself. Starts pumping his cock and Dean moans, momentarily closing his eyes. When he’s worked a third finger in, he tells Castiel to stop, only watch and he obliges him. Dean moves a forth finger in, and before he is completely comfortable with how open he is, he removes his fingers. He moves, with Castiel’s heavy stare following him and sinks down his cock, watching in awe as the other man’s eyes roll back in his head, his mouth falling open soundlessly.
“Oh, here you are!”
Castiel inclines his head up, looking at the sky and a small smile graces his face and Dean can’t stop staring at him.
She glances down at the paper and up at his eyes again making his frown deepen. He turns the paper on the other side and he blinks for several seconds.
He wants to say,
Suddenly he is reminded of Benjamin or Castiel description of
There is something about their stares, or maybe it is just Novak’s eyes, but they are not unnerving, at least not when you get used to them – not that he is used to them per se – but Dean finds a strange comfort in them. Despite the flattering in his stomach that spreads to his chest in seconds, the current that seems to go through under his skin, Dean finds a certain peace in it. He, in a strange way, seeks them, as much as he wants to avoid them, not that he can achieve that. It’s like his body ignores him when it comes to the other man.
“He calls himself that too, you know that.”
Or maybe dad always knew there was something off about Dean, but he had thought he'd managed to kill it.
The other man just hums and moves one hand underneath Deans’ shirt, at the small of his back, and Dean shudders mostly due to the touch and not the cold of his hand. Then comes up and kisses him on the mouth, before pulling back.
“You could read some of their poems if you wanted” he says, almost tentatively, “To better understand it” And then licks his lips and now Dean is the one to look.
“His name was Alistair and I met him at Crowley’s, well then it was run by a guy named Azazel or something like that,” he starts voice small;
“Castiel!” Dean turns at the source of the cheery exclaim and sees a short brown-haired guy smiling at Cas knowingly and with mirth.
He gets into the car and drives not waiting for Sam’s response, head pounding, barely containing everything from spilling out.
“Dean-”
“I thought you’d be downstairs with your boy. Hi, Hannah” She grins at the brunet and Hannah returns it, albeit a little reserved.
He is about to ask what the police report says on the house, when someone comes at their table that has him drop his burger and Sam choke on his salad.
“You too” she smiles at him and Castiel turns around walking away. He hears Donna say bye to Dean and he smiles at himself, stopping at the entrance of the police station.
“Well now, that’s not very n-”
“Ok” Sam says dragging the word and Dean knows he knows that something is up. “We’ll talk later. When you are ready, Dean” Dean can hear the smugness in his voice and scowls.
“I can’t believe you thought you couldn’t have me.” He whispers, biting on his lip and really it’s the most absurd thing Dean has ever heard, because Cas is this incredible being that Dean’s mind can’t comprehend, that he so full of goodness and Dean is just-
What kills him is that he understands why Cas did what he did and knows that if the roles were reversed he would have done the same.
Neither is saying anything, they just stand there. Amelia examining him with contemptuous eyes and he suppresses the urge to shift or glare at her. He guesses he is an interesting sight in her ex-husband’s – and he hopes to God it’s ex-husband – house.
He watches as Dean freezes and then tenses. He turns and looks at him, his mouth slightly open and his eyes hold disbelief, before his expression closes and is replaced with his mask of calmness and indifference.
There are a few seconds of silence in which Dean’s nerves raise and Bobby’s calm.
“Hey” Dean tells him moving further into the bright kitchen with a newfound, half faked confidence. He takes a seat at a stool in the middle island and grins at him. He puts most of his weight on his right leg, firmly planted on the ground, so he won’t fall off. He is buzzing.
She turns to look at him, her pale eyes stormy, her nostrils flaring a bit, her lips set into a thin line, stable.
“And Gabriel might have been convincing. You know with-”
“Ok. Then tell me about the first time your dad left you alone with Sam”
“Ok” Bobby tells him simply in a tone filled with too many meanings that Dean can’t decipher half of, but it makes him feel good, accepted. And he thinks there is an undercurrent of pride under Bobby’s tone but Dean doesn't search too much, he doesn't think he can handle what he will find there.
University is better than he thought it would be. Dean never in a million years thought that he would say that, not that he knew what to expect from it. However, now that he is on his second week there, he finds himself not completely at ease but getting there. He supposes the reason he likes it so much, is because of how different it is from high school, even if the last time he was there was six years ago. There, everyone had something to say about everyone and you constantly lived with the weight of being a certain way. University, is completely different. No one gives a shit about you. You can walk across campus or go to class wearing your pyjamas or be a replica of a Kiss member and no one would bat an eye at you. Ok, maybe for the last one they would, but it would only last for ten seconds. Dean thinks, that's why he likes it, admittedly university makes him more restless than any high school he’s ever been to. Perhaps Dean just grew.
, his throat closes around those words. Instead he says
It’s just he doesn't understanding why he is thinking about it so much.
“That’s my literature professor” Dean says as if that contradicts what she said.
Novak visibly relaxes, and huffs, rolling his eyes, making Dean grin. “Maybe we should start with someone easier”
Dean tunes her out and checks a little bit of the room. On the counter there is a clear bowl and a sign above says “Don't leave without taking”, he realises it contains condoms. Maybe he should just take a few and leave. Yeah, that's what he should do, right about now, though he can’t seem to be able to move. Then, the door on the left of the counter opens and a woman comes out.
They are taking it slow, she needs some time to adjust, even if she spends most days and nights in the Bunker. It’s great Dean muses, he is happy for them, even if their laughter kills something in him every time he hears it and hates himself for it.
He grimaces and says a little too petulantly, “He could’ve texted.”
Neither one goes first, they meet in the middle. They kiss, they touch and they love with fingers that leave a burning in their awake. Dean wants him to walk a path that he isn’t exactly aware of, doesn’t know what it is but he wants Cas to walk it. Take him. Find him. And Cas for his part stumbles through it, trying everything at once and Dean could tell him to stop, slow down they have time, but he can’t because if he tips himself just right he’ll be the same way.
“I didn't think you would like this sort of setting” he says simply, raising his head to look at him. Deans’ eyes widen slightly. “No, I didn't mean- I” he closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. “I
“Dean” Cas repeats his name pleadingly and Dean kind of wants to shove him out of the apartment, kind of wants to-
“Well, I can tell you one thing. It was definitely planned.” She looks at him with raised eyebrows.
“I don't like them remembering me” Dean says after a while, looking out the window. It sounds like he is letting Castiel know something sacred, it certainly feels this way.
He is so cold.
He shakes his head slightly and focuses on listening to Cas moving around in the kitchen and he turns to look at the opposite wall. There are photos of Cas, and Dean smiles faintly, the tension on his back easing a bit. He is certain they are Anna’s doing, from what he knows about her and her hobbies.
The first thing he notices is that the lecture hall is bigger than Milton’s, and everyone is scattered around, also that Novak keeps the curtains open in comparison to her. Dean likes it better this way. He gets his stuff ready, as Novak rises from his seat at his desk where he is talking with a student and walks around it, to stand at the front while still listening to what the student is saying. He nods at something he says and tells him something before the student leaves the lecture hall and Novak turns to them.
“What?” Dean repeats, a little snappy, because he can’t take this, it is beyond his strength.
Instead he just takes a deep breath and unfolds it. The sooner he is done with it the better.
“You’ll need this” he tells him and holds out his hand, holding a paper. There is something in his eyes that passes quickly, before his expression is neutral again, but Dean doesn't think much of it, not that he can think much with the fog in his mind. He walks towards him and takes the paper, marveling at the fact that his hand doesn't shake, he folds it, utters a “thank you”, and leaves.
The problem is Dean doesn’t want to be like that with Cas. But what if Cas is happy now that they are like this because he doesn’t feel that way anymore, or he never did and Dean just believed it meant what he wanted to mean. Or he does mean it that way, which leaves Dean with his own fears. Scared that he will ruin this, that Cas will end up hating him, because really Dean is not that loveable or great, despite what Cas thinks and most of all he is scared that if he touches Cas, Cas will crumble. It’s stupid and it makes no sense but he still can’t help but believe that the moment he touches him, Cas will be gone.
He hears Sam sigh, and say with some excitement, “I’m looking at colleges”
“You left an impression on Becky” at least when he says it, he sounds conversational, at least he hopes he does and hopes he doesn’t sound jealous. Not that he is jealous, just bugged, because of reasons.
He finds himself relaxed around him, almost like he can trust him and be himself, which is ridiculous. At times he doesn't know who he hates more, himself or Castiel. And it’s not like he
Sam holds it to his ear but there is nothing but silence.
Donna raises her eyebrows, her smile faltering. “Ho-”
“I wouldn't call it stupid. Need to hurt yourself and clinging to the past? yes”
“Goodbye Dean” he says and closes the door behind him.
“Hi, a black medium coffee and a chocolate chip muffin” he says and gives Benny a few bills. He nods and takes the money typing on the register. He gives Dean his change and the receipt and says, holding his gaze “Have a nice day”.
Castiel stops and looks at him seriously. “They have the best burgers”
“Lily, had been nudging me for ages to read it. Though I didn't think I’d like it, not what I would go for.” He says, tone more open. And his eyes, Castiel notes, seem greener than before, again it could be just his imagination.
“Well, I was kissing you” he says and smirks softly at him, running a hand up his arm, “and I did want to ride you,” then, “but if you are in a hurry and since you
A silent fall between them then, Dean desperately wants to break it but doesn’t know where to start and Castile appears to be on the same fate.
Once he is on the street walking towards the bar, to Baby, and the cold air hits him, he feels better, lighter, and has this overwhelming sense that if he walks enough in the cold, he will reach freedom. He doesn't. He just gets in Baby, starts the ignition and turns off the music that starts with it and drives to his apartment, with just the engine rumble and his thoughts.
Boddy scowls at him, “What’s wrong, ya idjit?”
“Dean” He needs him not to say his name like that. He doesn't look at him, continues to stare down at his hands. Cas repeats his name and he closes his eyes and opens them staring up at blue.
“What’s wrong?”
He pulls the phone away from his ear so he doesn't have to hear the rest of that sentence. There is acid making its’ way from his stomach to his mouth and he fully leans against the doorframe.
The woman must say something to him, because his eyes, albeit reluctantly, leave Deans’ and he feels the loss too much for what it is. Deans’ eyes never leave him though and after he answers to the woman, he turns his eyes back to Dean, who wants to lick his lips again but resists the motion. Novak doesn't though and Dean has the irrational need to nip at them. The thought causes something like a current to go through him and he grabs his bag from the floor, gets up and walks briskly to the elevator on the other side of the room and away from Novak.
“Ok, I have a question” he says and the older man turns his head to look at him.
“I’ll call doctor Kelly” Hael says giving them a look and huffing on the way out.
“I want Ash not behind the bar”
“Ok, ok”
Something ignites in Dean’s chest, it happens suddenly and so quickly he has to take a steading breath, orientate himself. Then it burns him and he wants to scream, but he swallows it. Purses his lips, so they don’t tremble and doesn’t say anything, just continues to stare into the open book.
“In your dreams. What can I do for you? Condoms?”
He walks down the small hill, where he scattered his ashes last time, when he had something to burn, and collapses on the ground crying. There is something painfully ugly in his chest that pours out, matching the noises he makes. He rocks back and forth, saying jammed nonsense that no one hears.
“I’ve been better” She nods at him, with a sort of understanding in her eyes.
“What?” Dean breaths, he wasn't expecting that.
They leave in a haze, taking Dean’s car as Castiel explains how he walked to the bookshop, since he lives only four blocks away, which is a good thing because Dean has enough self-restrain for that amount of time. Ha parks the car on an empty spot across the street and they walk to Castiel’s house hurriedly. Dean’s hands are shaking and he almost can’t believe they are doing this, that he can have this again.
“Hello, Dean” she says with a warm smile, then turns to Castiel excitement in her eyes. “And you are?”
“You know what eye thing and don't change the subject”
“He asked if-” Dean’s voice is wobbly and throaty, sounds as if it’s ripping him apart, looks that way too. He runs his palms up and down his thighs, fingers moving as if to close around his palm but stop mid-way over and over again. He is staring down on the floor, his shoulders drop. “If I-”
“I will see you next week, Emily. And you don't need to worry about anything.” She says facing the girl and putting a reassuring hand on her shoulder. “Everything is going to be ok”
“I know, thank you” Castiel responds giving him a nod.
“You can’t help me.”
“You seem to like it” Dean tells him, causing him to roll his eyes. He pulls back and Dean immediately misses the warmth. He watches as he turns his head towards the desk behind him, and adds, “I can go if you want”
Dean’s lips part, remembering holly fire and-
“No” Novak says taking a breath, and Dean knows what follows. “He was found dead this morning”
They arrive at the principal’s office, on Dean’s vague memory of where that is and sheer luck.
“A veterinarian?” he says sceptically. “Thank you, Billie.” he adds and turns to leave.
Only problem is they have nothing that ties the victims together, nothing they have in common and the local police is getting angsty believing it’s a serial killer and being afraid of what will happen when the people start thinking that too. Meaning they have a lot of research to do and little time to do it. Plus, they need to figure out where the hex bags are stashed.
“Jack-”
“Yes,” Novak says and seems pleased, “You could say that Keeley thought it was two different things, but Vagenas argued that mythic method is a form of objective correlation, and why that is. Of course, I understand, as this was something all of you had trouble with, that you need to have studied Seferis and Eliot” and then as an afterthought he adds, “Auden too, but I wanted a bit more information on that.”
Dean goes a little mushy inside. No one has asked for his consent so much, and if it weren’t for some things in his past he probably wouldn't get so-
He doesn’t want her to be like this.
He hears footsteps in the hallway and his heart jumps in his chest. He wills himself to stay calm. It’s just Dean. The thought though doesn't help at all and he really should have found a shirt to wear.
He stands in corner, leaning against a wall a bit away from the others and watches them. He bits his lower lip and sees a guy standing on the other side of the road smoking and before he can talk himself out of it, he pushes off the wall and starts to walk towards the man. He feels a hand around his arm and turns, his eyes widening momentarily, before his face goes back to his nonchalant expression.
When he is done he stays there for a moment, knowing that if he tries to get up he will fall back down.
“It’s fine, I get it. We- we don’t have to talk about this again or you know, do anything about it. Just pretend it never happened” He continues staring at Castiel with as much of a neutral, placating expression as he can master. The older man studies him as he says this and lets out a barely audible sigh at the end, which does it for Dean, making him look down and into his coffee.
“Yeah” He responds and they get off.
“It is a good guide. Although, I still stand that you should write more.” He tells Dean, whose eyes move to the man’s mouth “Maybe expand your vocabulary while you are at it”
“There is green tea, black tea, green tea with mint, lavender, black with bitter almond flavour, cinnamon-”
At the time it was a harsh realization, because it was ripped apart and clouded by Amara. It wasn’t the same thing, but all these talks about what was destined to be, what his deepest desire was and it had the face of someone Dean hated. It is why the realization was wrapped around guilt and shame, like the feeling was but that was for entirely different reasons.
“Oh” Dean says eloquently, then after a moment, “You sure though? I don't want to waste your time and I can ask Sam, maybe I should-”
“Don't say it’s nothing” Cas says a little amusement in his voice. Dean sighs and runs his hand across his face.
“Just, at least wear sweatpants” he says looking at him now, with a bitchface, that Dean holds back a laugh at.
“I’ll have a chocolate one too” Cas tells him and Dean hides his smile by turning around to look at the cakes behind them.
“How do you know?” he asks instead.
He finds a pair of sweatpants on top of the dresser that smell like detergent and decides they will do for now and exits the room trying to find the bathroom.
He reaches and removes Cas slacks and then he looks up at him, before removing his boxers as well. And it might be that it is Cas, but Dean never wanted to taste someone as much as he does now. He swallows, feeling his tongue heavy in his mouth and Cas makes a sound at the back of his throat, that has Dean look up at him. Cas deeps his head and kisses him, before moving lower kissing his way down, on his chest, his stomach, before he settles just above his boxers. He pulls them down just for the head to show and stops, moving between licking the head and kissing Deans’ belly, before Dean starts to groan and a breathless
“Dreamy, is downstairs. Don't know what for, he was talking with Donna. I didn't get a chance to talk to him, thought you should know” she smirks at him, her eyes sparkling with mischief.
The guy just shrugs at him and Dean shakes his head with a small smile that feels far too fake. Still, he makes an effort he reasons, “What? It’s horrible”
“I saw him you know” she starts, after a second or ten minutes he doesn’t know, repeatedly taping her hand softly against the table, a movement she neither seems to be able to stop or be aware of doing. “He was in the-” she gestures where Sam and Michael have disappeared to through the door. “In the living room.”
“Haha, you are hilarious. No, it's a bar”
“He is in court,” he says the dip between his brows deepens, “left about hanf an hour ago, it was urgent”
"I died that year"
“Wow, didn't know you were a… minimalist.” He says with amusement and takes a bite off the muffin. God, he is starving and Gabriel may have just ruined all other muffins for Dean, apart from the ones’ Benny makes, the raspberry ones, not that Dean will ever admit liking those.
He wakes up a couple of hours later to his alarm and he groans, shutting his eyes tightly and lets out a groan. He is already done with this day and he doesn’t want to see anyone, nor go to work. After lying there for a few minutes, in the blissful quiet, his mind only occupied with the smallest of thoughts, he finally wills himself to get up and shuffles to the kitchen for a cup of coffee or three.
“Caesar finally took a leave for four days, so they are taking a trip” Benny rolls his eyes and shakes his head.
“Right” Explains the lack of text message. Dean feels a rush of irrational irritation at Sam, even though he knows he can’t control those these things. “Well, then I’ll just”
Sam huffs a laugh on the other side and Dean chuckles.
When Castiel continues to look at her confused she adds. “Standoffish”
They stare at each other for seconds, until Cas shoulders his way in and Dean closes the door behind him while trying to make his brain work again.
“Yep”
“You can do whatever you want.”
And alright it’s true. He hasn't had a proper meal in weeks, but Sam needs the money and Dean needs a roof above his head, because he
“Don't worry, Cas. I’m a big boy” Cas rolls his eyes and Dean smiles at him, a real one this time. “Seriously you don't need to worry about me”
There is a lull in conversation and Dean finds himself blurting, “I called the estate agency on Monday, we met yesterday, saw the place for the like the millionth time, I think Balthazar wants to kill me, put a deposit and he emailed me the contract yesterday and I read it four times since, but yeah” he finishes lamely gripping his cup a little too tightly.
Dean raises his head faster than he intended at that and finds himself staring at gloomy blue. Cas opens his mouth to talk, but Dean just shakes his head.
So, he takes a bit from his burger and he has to hold back from moaning or something equally embarrassing. He opens his eyes, which he closed without realising, and looks at a smug Cas.
"You know I-" Bobby stops, another sigh, softer and with a word mingled in there. "It's fine," he says and turns to look at him. Dean feels a shortage of oxygen.
“You are not. I can drive you” he insists and Dean resist the urge to high tail it out of there.
“Yeah, its not therapy hour.” Dean says with a tight smile.
“I understand” And he does.
On those days he doesn’t get drunk.
He must fall asleep, because his eyes fly open when he hears the lock turn, his heart is thumbing but then he hears Eileens’ voice “It’s me.”
It’s mostly like that around Michael, who apparently is helping them with the case.
“What did she want?”
“Sure, but I’m choosing” Cas frowns at him. “Babe, your movies are depressing”
Novak nods and presses his lips together in a tight line.
“So, he still hasn't called,” it’s Jo that speaks, tipping her beer bottle towards Dean, who shoots Sam a look, that he hopes it shows his irritation and the whole
“No, he is sick. I am seeing him next week”
When they are done, they move silently in the kitchen, Dean with the empty box in his hands and Cas with the glasses and plates. He tells him where to through the box, as he starts washing the mugs from this noon. Dean stands next to him and watches his hands. When Cas finishes the first, he takes it and dries it with a towel, just so he has something to do and don't seem like a total creep staring at Cas’ hands. Same with the others. They don't talk, just stealing glances at each other. Dean feels young, like a teenager, not that he had time to do this when he was a teenager, he guesses that's why he enjoys it so much, even if it makes him nervous and his hands shake slightly. And for a moment it feels too much, he has an urge to cry, let it out somehow and he doesn't mind, not here. The thought makes his heart pound. However, he doesn't cry. He hears the ramble of a car pulling in a driveway and after bit a dog barking, he guesses a few houses away, he tries in vain to focus on that. He is much too charged with something to pay attention to anything other than Cas.
Oli – who was named by Castiel, because of Oliver Twist, at which Dean argued, but couldn't find a better name, so Oliver became Oli – warmed up to Cas. In fact, after they moved with him and Cas trained him to jog together, which was great, because not any more morning walks for Dean or only for the mornings Cas doesn't run, Dean is certain that Oli likes Cas more than him now. Which amuses Cas infinitely. The asshole.
For a moment he thinks about calling Sam and tell him everything that goes through his head, but dismiss the idea as quickly as it comes. Sam doesn't know anything, he doesn't know that he is attracted to men as well as women and Dean isn’t ready for him to know either. He knows Sam isn’t going to judge him, he isn’t dad, at least he hopes he isn’t, still he can’t bring himself to tell him, because
, anyways. And if Dean was warm before, now he is burning.
“No, but it’ll make it a little bit more bearable.”
“And you know Cassie...?” He asks with something Dean knows, but can’t identify. Also, Cassie? This must show on his face because Castiel, shakes his head exasperated.
“What?” he frowns at her.
“I’m sorry” Castiel tells him, sincerely and like he means it. Perhaps he really means it, maybe that’s why Dean’s eyes water for a second before he blinks them away. Although, he doesn’t know what Castiel has to be sorry for. They both knew what they were doing, that they couldn’t-
“Well,” she starts now, hesitant, “we were wondering if we can do one poem from Seferis” and then adds quickly, “We saw your Seferis, modernism and the 30’s generation, and some other stuff you’ve written and we thought it’d be a good idea” she lets out a small chuckle at the end and shrugs self-consciously.
And then Cas comes into the room.
“Oh” Sam says surprised, “I was just curious.” Which is Sam language for worried.
“Of course, you do” Dean says smirking, crossing his arms.
They are silent, Castiel driving back to the university, Dean tapping his foot and Sam staring out the window.
He gets in and an obnoxious ding sounds, and Dean fights to not roll his eyes. He gets in the line, where two people are in front of him, and glances around. The walls are white and dark brown tables that almost seem scattered around with mismatching chairs cover most of the space. There are large windows looking at the street, were most of the light comes from. Dean has to admit it is not so bad. Not that he will be coming back. It too fancy for him.
“You suppose?” Castiel sighs a little annoyed.
, isn’t on the top of his list. So, he stands up ready to leave, when Cas says the worst thing he could probably say right now.
“For starters, they all ate, mostly different foods, just before they had sex.” He narrows his eyes slightly “I think he asks them what they want”
Dean looks at him brows furrowed contemplating what to say, because Cas does that now too, looking at the world around him looking peaceful and content, and he can picture him, young, a child just siting at a desk with a woman, miserable. Because Cas is the kind of person, or as Dean has come to realise, was shaped to be a person who no matter how miserable or sad he is, he appears stoic and unaffected. To the inattentive eye at least.
For the first half of the week, he doesn’t have the time to worry about it, with work and studying and Billie’s stuff, except for a sense of longing that catches him off guard a couple of times, that he stubbornly pushes down. By Thursday, he thinks he has this whole thing under control and that when he sees Novak the next day, he will be perfectly fine, he is even optimistic about the lecture.
“But what?”
“What?” he knows Dean isn’t buying it, but it's the only way he’ll let it go.
Novak takes a breath, “Now, for The Sound and The Fury, it is a story that is difficult to analyse and grasp, is why I told you not to read it before today’s class, I do expect you to read it until next Friday though.” There are some groans and sighs, that Novak raise his brows at them unimpressed, saying “It’s not even three hundred pages.” Then he continues “At first glance it is about three brothers that are obsessed with their sister; however, it goes deeper than that. On a structural level, it has four chapters all told from different points of view and not in chronological order. Faulkner uses different narrative styles, which upon reading the book, I want you to note down for next week.”
His nostrils flare, burning and he bites his lip hard enough to bleed, to feel something other than emptiness or this unbearable
“I don't mind really. Besides I need to run an errand as well so” he trails of expectantly.
He takes a deep breath and then another and walks towards the clinic. He is clean, which came as a huge relief, but he still visits sometimes, he likes Rowena and Missouri and their free condoms.
He moves on the bed, towards his nightstand and opens the drawer fishing the lube and a condom out and turns towards Cas who is naked and was totally staring at his ass a second ago and-
“How are you,
It is nice and cosy, the smell of pizza is in the air and Castiel’s mouth waters, he really should have eaten breakfast this morning. It’s quite busy but they find a table to sit in the far corner. A waiter comes and serves them water, saying he’ll be back in a few minutes to take their order. Castiel scans his menu and he is surprised by the prices, he would expect it to be way more expensive, judging by the atmosphere.
“Nothing” Dean tells him and cringes at the way he says it. Fast and defensively. Bobby continues to look at him unimpressed, expectantly.
When he started doing this he wasn't exactly sure how to shop customers, but thankfully they did know how to approach him. He knew, he had learned it since he was a teenager, that he was fairly pretty, not handsome, as someone told him once, he doesn't remember who. And he had learned how to use it to his advantage, but this was different and it didn’t have to do with a pretty face, that was just an advantage. Just a way for people to remember him, though Dean wanted to be forgotten.
“Hi” he says stupidly.
He parks on the garage at his apartment complex and before he even has the time to pull the keys out of the ignition, Dean is out of the car and walking towards the elevator. Castiel knows, understands and he wishes he was a little better at words, not that they mean anything right now, but just so he has something to offer other than silence. He takes his bag and walks towards the elevator, where Dean is waiting for him. Hands inside his pockets’, balled into fists. And Castiel knows he is digging his nails in his palms and he wants to reach and pull them out and say “Stop, don't hurt yourself”.
“Yes” Castiel says and looks at Dean, but he doesn't look back at him.
“Why are you doing this?”
Crowley raises his eyebrows in question and Castiel shifts slightly in his seat. He really likes the chairs in this place, they are very comfortable. But now he feels stiff and restless, like the stair is made of concrete.
“Shut up.”
“Shut up” she says getting redder, “I like her ok? Like really really like her”
Benny raises his brows.
She looks at him dolefully and considers him for moment before she asks, quietly, “It doesn’t stop does it?” and the breath she takes after has her chest curl in.
He doesn't realise he has been staring, so when blue eyes, that are a lot closer than before, meet his, he freezes and inhales sharply. He sees Castiel’s steps falter, but he soon composes himself, as oppose to Dean, who is standing frozen in place. They soon reach him and pass him, all but him who just stops there and looks at Dean, like he is studying him, which is not that different from the other two times.
“Are you ok?” he asks, his nose scrunching in annoyance that Dean doesn’t think it’s adorable.
Dean ignores them, they are both idiots.
He swallows, eyes fixed on the keyboard, frozen. He can’t have been that bad, he has worked so hard, this was just a mishap, nothing else.
“Do you?” he asks, and Dean’s heart pounds in his chest at the look he is giving him.
“How does pizza sound?” he asks, already preheating the oven and taking the two pizzas he bought from the store out of the box and into the oven trays.
He walks until his legs ache and then some more, until he reaches the park near the clinic and he sits on a bench. He eats a hot dog from the stand a few feet away, at some point and he leaves when it’s has gone dark out and he needs to work.
“What?” Castiel is looking at him with a certain amusement in his eyes and Dean doesn't know what to expect.
Castiel takes a breath. “Ok, I guess. I mean, I feel better. I am doing better. But sometimes… certain situations just bring back bad memories”
“The hospital-”
“I-” Novak starts and upon meeting Dean’s eyes, he stops yet again, seemingly to collect him thoughts “I need to-, if you-” but Dean stops him again when moves to stand in front of him, “Dean”.
Castiel sighs, “Let’s just say, Yale was a long-standing tradition in my family” Dean catches the downturn of his lips the end, the way he grips the steering wheel just a notch more tightly and files it in his mind.
“Well?” Cas asks looking at him expectantly. “You going to get in?”
He doesn't want to do anything other than crawl under the covers and stay there until he dies. He has a persistent headache since yesterday morning, he worked way too much even for him, his lower back was killing him until about half an hour ago, but thankfully the painkillers worked, and he can feel every muscle in his body ache.
“I got the phone call at the end of his class and I was upset, so he offered” he says nonchalantly, shrugging, putting more food in his mouth, hoping that will stop Sam and whatever train of thought he has.
“Thank you”
Dean swallows thickly. This is a bad idea. He shakes his head and turns around, seeing a woman turn the corner and walk towards him. She looks at him in surprise but sobers up quickly and smiles at him faintly.
“Shut up.” Dean can’t hear this. “Just shut up.”
What the hell is he supposed to do with it? What did Novak think? That he would what? Go see him? And do what? Well he knows what he wants to do, he knows what Novak means he wants to do, or at least he hopes is the same thing, but isn’t it some sort of law breaking? Dean could get expelled. Novak could lose his job. That makes him stop. That guy is willing to risk his fucking career so they-
He looks helpless and so sincerely sorry, that it throws Dean a little off. Or it’s just his eyes, that they are suddenly so big and blue and Dean struggles to breath. But he just chuckles, trying to compose himself and shakes his head slightly.
At the voice he turns around and looks at Sam, his eyes wide, mouth open wrapped around an unfinished word. He looks a bit lost, unfocused, his grip on the phone tightening impossibly more.
“found me yesterday after your lunch and apparently wanted to talk about how miserable you were, despite the circumstances.”
He spends Sunday thinking about Castiel and pretending to study. He is dreading going to class on Friday, but if there is one thing he is not, is a coward. He tells himself that everything is going to be fine, but his stomach is tied in knots and he thinks he might throw up. In the end, he pushes everything down and decides that the best way to go on this, is by pretending that nothing happened. And it’s not like it will happen again. He is pretty sure that Novak got it out of is system, and wont mention it ever again, he is aware of that, it’s not like it can be any different, and even if that thought disappoints him, it also brings some of his nerves down, a sense of reassurance and confidence.
Dean clears his throat. “Hey” he aims for casual and relaxed, but probably misses for miles.
He spends the night in a sell, not in the same one as Leah, thank god, but with some other men who where either high or drunk or pocket thieves. When an officer finally tells him, he can go, he gives him a winning smile and feels a little disappointed that it’s not officer Hanscum. He liked the vivacious but firm woman from last night. He gathers his stuff from the front desk and walks out. He wonders idly, about the man from last night and his rumbled clothes but put together expression and body language.
“Dean”
“I know what you mean, I was reluctant to read it at first as well, considering Musil never finished it”
“Thank fuck” he mutters, but she hears him anyway and gives him a disapproving glance.
“It’s warm,” Dean says in leu of response and starts putting the bottles away.
“Of course, I can”  he says rolling his eyes.
“It was,
“Castiel, no I don't-” he looks up at her and she stops. “I mean, I don't know what happened, but I am worried, we all are. I mean even Hannah asked me if you are ok, and you know how she is.” There is a bit of desperation in her voice, when she starts again, and Castiel smiles at her, a small smile that hurts something in him.
“Well, for what is worth, pentobarbital is used to anesthetize or euthanize animals”
“I don't know how to make either one of those nor do I want to” he says pressing his lips together and Dean knows he is fighting a smile. Not that it’s necessary on his part, Dean has come to realise that all of Cas smiles are in his eyes, and Dean has long stopped being ashamed in admitting that he likes every single one of them, even the sad ones. “You will have to choose between yogurt, granola bars and cereal”
Dean freezes, there is warmth that spears through him at the words and he stays there staring at Cas’s wild hair. Until the angel turns and looks at him giving him a smile that is just in his eyes.
“Ok. It’s ok” Dean looks at him questioningly at that. “It’s ok that you don't want to talk about it now. Or with me”
real food” he pointedly ignores the roll of eyes “and two does your family own everything?” that makes Cas laugh.
“If they are a fraud, I will hunt you down and kill you and I don’t need to kiss you to seal that deal.”
Castiel’s hands still, closing his eyes tightly and breaths through his nose slowly, as if the image is enough to undo him.
He bundles up in layers, even puts on a scarf, and Sam other than a funny look he doesn’t say anything.
“Is there someone who can pick you up?”
He turns his eyes back to Novak, who is watching him openly. He doesn't know what to say, what is he supposed to say, what do people say in these situations? So, he says the first think that comes to him, “Want to tell me about nature in Auden’s poetry?”
Oli makes a distressed soft sound and now Dean cries again, “Go, I’ll be fine. Go,” he pushes him again and Oli leaves the bedroom eventually. He can hear Eileen say something to him and after a moment she puts the alarm back and locks the door.
“That would be for the best.” He says evenly at last and Dean, because he likes to hurt himself, looks at him again. He swallows the bitterness in his mouth and nods just enough, suddenly feeling small.
“Obviously”
When he turns it off the silence hits him, banging on his head but he doesn’t turn it back on. He reaches for the shower gel gulping audibly.
Those words have been ringing in his head since Monday. He feels weird thinking about them and the whole thing with Dean. It’s like he is trying to put into words something that has no shape or form, or maybe it does and Castiel isn’t aware of it or can’t see it. Plus, it’s not like the feelings he gets when he thinks about Dean make any sense. Or maybe he just doesn't want to know what they mean. He is confused and scared about them and sometimes he feels like he is flying but can’t land. And then there is the whole change thing happening inside him, that he can’t even begin to describe.
“You know I do” she says turning and going over at the screen on the right opposite from Inias and Hannah’s desks, turning it on. The image of the man shows on the screen along with other information.
“Until next time” he appears as if he wants to add something but stays silent.
His heart is going to give out or he is going to vomit it. He is so dizzy, so full of emotion it makes his head throb and for a moment he can’t tell which way is up and down. When a horn is heard he finally has half the mind to pull on the side of the road.
“Good” comes Sam’s reply. “Did you get the cauliflower?”
“Hi” he stammers and Cas scowls at him.
“I won’t” he says solemnly.
“The French crime one?”
“I can see it in your eyes” he says with a small smile. Right, just peachy. Dean feels annoyed.
Then as sudden as it started it, it stops. Dean feels dazed and confused and unsatisfied; Novak looks as disheveled as Dean feels. He takes a step back and opens his mouth, but before he can say anything there is knock on the door and he turns to look at it, as if he hasn't seen a door before. He closes his eyes for a moment and calls out “Yes”, his voice is gruff and it does nothing to bring Dean down from his high.
“I think I’m going to go now.” Castiel cuts him of standing up. “I’ll see you in the court on Monday” He adds as he wears his trench coat.
“Yes”
He hears him walk further in, closer to the bed, he blocks out the sound his boots make against the carpet, yawning softly.
“Those the vics?” he asks indicating at the photos in front of Cas, who nods wordlessly. There is a lump in his throat as he reaches across the table and takes the photographs in his hands. He flickers through them and he stops at one, his eyes widening. It’s Paul or at least that's the name he gave people downtown. He was young, the same age as Sammy, maybe a year older and he was one of the very few people Dean actually liked. He had told Dean once that he was a student studying chemistry or something like that, he can’t remember now and it makes him feel like shit.
“He is not my boy” he repeats less ardently and turns to go to his office, huffing when Hannah chuckles.
Right, the third partner. What is it and Sams’ bosses are so hot? Dean scolds his expression a little, “I am just waiting for my brother, Sam”
“I didn't think this through, did I?” he sounds apologetic and lost and Dean takes pity in him. He exhales slowly through his nose, trying to fruitlessly calm himself.
“I’m coming to see you on January. I already booked the tickets”
“Rawlings ‘s an ass” Dean snorts at that, closing his laptop.
“Hey” Dean says with a gruff.
“Alright. Thank you, Dean,” he says flashing him a grateful smile, and really who gave the guy the right to look both cute and sexy at the same time. “And I hate to ask this, but you sure she is good because-”
They get up, walking out the shop and Dean flashes Benny a smile as he sees him and he returns it.
. He takes one, dries off quickly and goes to get dressed. He picks his underwear up and after a few seconds of holding them, decides to use the one Cas left for him. He opens the door and takes two steps out of the bathroom, before sudden panic sets on him and he curses himself for not taking the towel with him, not that it matters, no one is there with him and the only other person in the house has seen him naked. He breaths trying to calm himself, he is being stupid anyway, he has never been particularly shy with himself being naked, and retrieves the other pair of underwear before going to the bathroom. He closes the door behind him but doesn't move his hand from the doorknob, he glances around and opens the bathroom door wide and leaves it like that, letting a breath out.
Castiel stares at his phone for a few seconds before shaking his head, somewhat exasperated. Their attempts at making him socialise and get out of the house, are starting to irritate him. He knows he needs to get out more, but between staying inside to read a book and going out to have drinks, he will have to choose the first.
(See the end of the chapter for
In the end he ended up telling her, that he doesn't feel comfortable with himself, he sometimes feels hollow and that he is scared he will end up like his dad (he doesn't elaborate, doesn't say a disappointment, a drunk, a quitter), which was too much. It was the second session after all. They have started to delve in deeper now, voicing things that Dean can’t bear thinking about, but he does there, in that office on the third floor with Billie. There still things he hasn't touched (he doesn't know if he will ever be able to), like everything with dad and is that a can of worms, he believes that Billie knows, or at least suspects and that makes him feel strangely at ease, like he doesn't have to hide. He thinks about telling her, about the anger, the beatings, the times he left him on the side walk alone, the fact that Dean could never please him. And he feels heavy - with what he said, what he needs to do - and light, because he is getting them off his chest, when he leaves, and he has a lot to think about, and a lot to change, but he is taking it a step at a time. Despite all that, he finds he can’t think of not going to the sessions, even if sometimes he wants to call in sick.
Dean loves him so much it spills from his eyes.
“Yes” he takes a sip from his tea, with no sugar or honey, because
She gives him another form, with a neutral smile, that edges to sardonic, and Dean places it on the desk, opening his bag.
“Huh. Any ideas?”
He is looking at Dean so otherworldly, still a person all the same; so serine, so satisfied, so fulfilled. Happy, his mind supplies and he swallows thickly.
“I know. He came to me.”
“Doesn't mean it wasn't stealing.” He counters thickly and he takes more shuddering breaths. He doesn't know if it’s the memories or her seeming so unfazed, so understanding.
For the first time Cas looks away from him. "I didn't want to make it awkward"
They don’t get much from the house or from Michael’s and Sam’s conversation with Esme that Dean doesn’t stay for. What they all agree on is that it’s strange that the alleged werewolf didn’t take the heart and that the police found a bloomed Myrtle branch at the back door from where the perp clearly left from and finally Michael senses something in the house. An energy or more accurately a curse, hence the alleged werewolf and hence they are looking for a witch.
“I’d never do something like that. I don’t know what has come over me” he continues, eyes pleading, for what Dean isn’t sure. His understanding, perhaps or forgiveness? For what? Dean was a willing participant. And it’s not like Dean doesn’t know all these already, but still they hurt something in him that he knows it doesn’t ought to hurt. Something that lodges itself in his throat and makes his eyes sting and he wants to look anywhere but at the other man, but he refuses. Takes a sip of coffee and says
“I-” Dean starts, his words dying when Cas  puts his hand under his left knee and lifts it, Dean bends it in response planting his foot firmly on the mattress.
, instead he tells her
He gets dressed and, in the process, Carmen wakes up and decides to stare at him from the edge of the bed that looks into the bathroom; her eyes are green he notes. He smiles at her and he gets a blink in response. He leaves the room and moves to go down stairs stopping at the first step.
“Ok, ok the burger is good” Cas raises an eyebrow. “Don't push it” he responds taking another bite.
It was a particularly messy case and had left all of them with an unsettling feeling and a weigh in their chests. The girl was young, in her late teen years. They had located where Gordon had taken her but arrived not even half an hour after he had killed her. And the fact that Gordon was an officer, complicated things further, not that they knew him, he had been transferred from Louisiana not even four months ago. But still cases like this always unnerved them. It reminded Castiel that everyone was capable of everything, not matter where they claimed they stood, and that scared him.
“This is the forth floor” Hannah says taking the camera off from around her neck.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it like that. It just took me by surprise” her voice noticeably softer, she seats at the stool Dean was seating and Castiel swallows.
. He likes walking at night, it makes him feel at peace and sometimes he thinks that the air smells differently at night, which is stupid, still it makes him feel slightly satisfied about life. Tonight though, it doesn't help him at all.
“Is that a name for a bad horror movie?”
“Don't be baby.” he mocks her. “He caused an explosion last time. I can’t believe Ellen is going to let him be here”
“Well, he died” Castiel says with a shrug. “His wife published the last book after his death”
“Am I supposed to make it?” at Castiel’s unwavering expression he adds “Is this how you treat all your guests?”
“Well she is working right now so she’ll see it later” and probably respond tomorrow, knowing her, he doesn't add.
He went to the Empty and Amara brought him back.
“I’m not a a
After a second Oli, is one the bed and next to him and Dean smiles softly at him, “Hey, sweetheart, had a good time?”
Dean nods and the tension on his shoulders dissolves, just barely, but it’s still happens and Castiel feels a little better.
Something shifts in the other man’s eyes and he starts moving fast, and it feels like he wants to reduce Dean into the basis of his desires, just so he can take him all. And Dean just gives into it, because he wants to take too, have this man in the most instinctual, basic way.
He wants-
They reach the third floor and they both walk out.
“If you would just let it give you directions-”
“Is he alright?” he rushes out, loudly, stomach tightening. The last guy, that is leaving, stops, turning to look at him in mild disapproval and Dean just closes his eyes momentarily.
“Yes, they are dragging me” Castiel responds frowning. And Dean can help but snort, he really can’t imagine him in a bar, especially not with someone like that short guy.
He collapses on top of him and they stay like that for a few minutes. Cas breathing against his collarbone and him holding tightly. Cas lifts his head and kisses his neck, before moving away and out of him, and Dean barely catches the whimper escaping him. Cas gets up and takes the condom off, tying it and Dean watches him open on his left and turn the light on, on what he can see is a bathroom. He moves his eyes and stares up at the ceiling and finds he can’t move. There is pleasant buzz under his skin and he doesn't want to break the euphoria.
“Even if I can help you?” she asks so sweet and sincere and he feels the muscles on his face soften against his better judgement, and he stomps angrily at the hope that flickers in his chest.
They follow Amanda, the wife’s sister further in the house until they reach the kitchen where a woman with long brown hair sits hunched arms wrapped securely around her as if to protect herself. She is Esme then.
“Exception to the rule” Dean mumbles and Castiel despite himself smiles enough to reach his eyes.
“Sorry” he apologises, he looks good, tired and a little tense, but good. Dean has never seen him wearing anything other than a suit, so seeing him in jeans and a shirt is a little weird, although grey brings out his eyes and Dean has the desperate need to kiss him.
“So, we are not going to talk about it” and the problem is there is no heat in his voice, no accusation, just a voiced realisation.
Thanks for reading :)
He finds Sam studying in the living room and really he can’t understand why he isn’t studying in his room these days – there is a reason for the desk in there - but he doesn’t comment on it. He goes straight to the kitchen and starts putting the things away.
at which she looks at him all sad, making Sam ask what’s wrong, but thankfully she seems to understand that Dean doesn't want to talk about it, especially with Sam and so they move on.
In some sick joke, or perhaps that’s where he was heading all along, he ends up in the field with the windmill.
“Dean” he responds flatly.
“It’s ok” she says and Dean takes a tissue.
He runs a hand through his hair, staring at the photographs of the victims, as if they will eventually come to life and tell him the answer. He knows the real reason he is looking is to punish himself. He can’t find the man and it’s slowly eating him.
He is the first to look away, his eyes falling at the offered coffee, he takes the mug into his hands. It warms them up.
“I-” he bites his lip and blinks at the tears. “ I love him.” His heart gets ripped out of his chest and shoved back, he hunches from the pain and his fingers twist so he claps his hands together and squeezes. One of his thumbs rubbing circles in his other hand in an unconscious movement.
“No.” he says hastily and briskly, then “Cas”, trying to sound unbothered, calm and probably failing. He cringes inwardly and hurries to add “Hey, it’s fine. Really.” It’s not, he is panicking so much. “I always wondered where you lived” at least that last part is true.
Cas touches his shoulder. First lightly, a comforting weight and when Dean still doesn’t look up at him he grips it harder.
He hits, more than presses the button and drums his fingers on his thigh until it finally reaches the floor.  He nods at the other person already inside and presses the ground floor button, even though it is already lit. He is practically vibrating, but he doesn't care, he just hopes Dean is still here.
“Nothing.” Dean, narrows his eyes at him, but doesn't say anything. Cas doesn't look like he wants to say anything else either.
Dean looks at him in disbelief, like he can’t figure out what Castiel is thinking and then slowly smiles at him after a moment and takes another bite off of his cookie.
Yesterday, he found a photograph in the office while he was putting away the last books from the move (and ok it took him a year to fully move in the house, and there are still some stuff he hasn't put away, but who can blame him) and froze holding the frame. It's a decade old photo of them, still in Uni at some bar laughing, he couldn't remember at what, but he remembered the feeling. The happiness, fulfilment and a sarge of something in his veins that he had never felt before which made him feel like he could do anything or be anything.
He closes his eyes tightly and hits the wall with his free hand, feeling good for the pain that rushes through his arm. And how fucked up is that?
“They are in my name.” he replies like it’s the simplest thing in the world. Dean stares at him dumbfound and Castiel sighs.
He has never looked at someone like that during sex. Yes, he always thought that everyo-
And worst of all is Cas. Dean has never in his miserable life wanted someone like he wants him and he doesn't know how to handle it. So, he does what he does best, he avoids it as much as he can. Although most of the time it doesn't work and his thoughts drift, because that's all he will allow himself just thoughts, he doesn't want to think what all those things he gets, when he is around Cas mean.
"Yours has always been there,” Cas says “not always the same and not in the beginning.  But it has been the same" he struggles for a word, "same
“What’s your name?” he asks him instead, titling his head slightly. Dean runs his tongue over his lips.
“Um, black coffee and a sandwich…” he looks up at the black board that has the menu and yep it’s above his pay grade. “plain. Small coffee” He adds with a smile, which is a little forced.
He thinks about Bobby, a wound that has never healed and never will. He thinks how when he was twelve and Dad had dropped them there for two weeks he had taught Dean how to make pancakes. They were the best pancakes he had ever eaten, that Friday morning in late August, in a dusty kitchen with a grumpy man and Sammy.
He walks in and sees Rowena behind the counter frowning down at some paper.
They are silent after that, Dean closes his eyes for a moment, feels as Cas gets up and panics that he’ll leave, but then feels a dip on his other side and Oli shifting and there is a hand on his stomach. He opens his eyes slowly and looks at Cas, who looks back at him.
“You know it’s not true” Benny says sounding just a bit done with Dean’s shit, not that Dean can blame him.
And talking to his sister had made Castiel, more determine to figure out what happened. After the incident, he began to saw things in a different light. He completely understood peoples’ need to bring justice to their lost one, it felt like it was the only thing left to do for them. The only thing they could hold on to.
He presses down at him and their cocks rub against each other, it’s dry but still causes sparks everywhere in Dean and he moans. He needs-
He hears footsteps approaching him, his hand flies to the gun in the back of his jeans, before he releases the familiarity of them.
“Dude he is so dreamy”
He looks up at them for a moment, and Deans’ breath hitches; he is handsome. The kind of handsome that is rough at some places and soft at others. The more he looks, the more he feels like there is something electrifying about him, it makes Deans’ skin erupt in goosebumps and he shifts in his seat self-consciously. There is murmur around him, but Dean doesn't pay attention to anyone, he feels as if in a trance. An awkward trance.
Something lodges itself into Dean’s throat making his eyes sting, his skin is on fire. His lips twist and he doesn’t say anything.
“You still look like a hipster.” Benny says and chuckles when Dean shoves him with his shoulder.
buries himself in him, Dean gasps gripping the sheets tightly, as Cas moan’s his name above him.
“He- I…”
“I’m not saying they all will say yes. But some will” Dean adds and looks at him expectantly.
“Well, I still can’t find something that will connect Milton with Asmodeus so…” she exhales loudly and crosses her hands.
“No. No you don't get to do this” he says and jams a finger at him, taking a step towards him “You- What about Kali?”
“Your dad?”
His phone rings and after checking the caller ID, Sams’ voice fills his ear.
“I can though” Castiel exclaims and then with a normal tone of voice, looking slightly sheepish, “Have lunch with you that is. If you don't mind”
He doesn't think he will. Poetry isn’t something Dean understands, or better yet it always seemed as something that it was for other people not him. He nevertheless says, “Ok”
He smiles tiredly at Lily when he sees her, leaving the book on the counter and frowns, thinking if he should borrow it or not.
The Roadhouse has been a place of sanctuary for Dean, since he was little. Whenever they past with dad to see Bobby or dad would leave them to Bobby, he and Sam – and Bobby - would go to the Roadhouse. It’s the place he met Ellen and Jo, who became part of they’re family, the place he celebrated getting custody of Sam, the place he met Benny, the place he met Aron and inadvertently came out to his family, in a way only Dean good. It’s a place with a lot of tears, some sad, some happy and a lot of laughter. All in all, it’s a place of home for Dean and a place of reference for all the people he knows.
Perhaps it was something he had said, perhaps it was that stupid, so stupid comment he made about Philip in calculus class, in passing during their sorry excuse of a dinner.
“Yes but-”
“Good,” Dean shrugs swallowing “Had the microeconomics class, then signed up for the extra classes. Had to change art for literature”
Cas came back his feelings would go away, as if they are an illusion that he experienced when Cas was gone. Now he sounds stupid and as Sam would say in denial.
“Duvel,” he says glancing at Sam, who rolls his eyes, they both know he won’t remember it, while pushing the bottle towards Castiel.
Dean turns back around stopping his tapping and looks at the red traffic light, lips pressing into a thin line.
There is light coming from the window on his left, touching his leg and for some reason it unsettles him He has the need to shake his leg to reed of the light. Instead he flexes his hands and clears his throat.
“What?” Dean says surprised. Because today is revelation day apparently.
Dean scrunches his nose in response and turns his head staring out the window. He drums his fingers against his thigh to the rhythm of the song and watches the streets they pass. He doesn't come at this part of town, people like him don't belong here. Everything is too
.” Dean’s mouth falls open and his toes curl and he wiggles slightly. He wants Cas to fuck him so bad.
Sam moves closer to him, hesitating for a second before his fingers touch Dean’s hand and the older man winces, but he doesn’t waver. He manages to pry his hand open and take the phone from him.
“I’m not leaving” firmer, and Dean turns and lays his head on Cas’ stomach, his hands around him.
Cas chuckles next to him and Dean shoves him, before they finally settle and start watching the movie.
“Dean-”
Dean leans forward and kiss him.
“Oh. You know each other.” Donna says frowning slightly at them.
By the time Cas has a third a third finger in, Dean is a mess, his right nipple is still between Cas’ thumb and index finger because it is more sensitive than the left one and Cas apparently loves watching Dean pant and moan and generally be a mess.
He stops, his throat tight and he closes his eyes that are a little moist, the image of him and Sam in god knows where, trying to make ends meet in the front of his mind. At least one of them is making something of himself.
“Thank you, Dean” Castiel says and Dean almost drops Sams’ bottle.
There is something else though, bothering him for the past week, something Billie picked up on and probed, but Dean shut her down. He is going to tell her, a part of him was ready to spill everything they same that cant seem to be able to stop talking about dad now that he started, but not now. Not when he is itching to drive to him, not when it feels so big, but fragile at the same time and Dean doesn’t know how to hold it without shuttering it. Not when he doesn’t have all the words. And perhaps he is overthinking it because, it is in fact just sex and nothing else, as it should be, however it feels different. Alive, as if something is growing inside him, as if he is in the threshold of something much bigger. Part of the problem, he muses, is that he is not sure is he doesn’t want to pass the threshold.
“He is working on a case” Dean cuts her off and raises his eyes to look at her. It takes her a moment to understand and her eyes widen looking up at Castiel.
He lowers the volume, until it’s just a background hum and gets back on the road.
“Dean” he says and waits.
“Enough with this.” Dean tells them and turns to Jo, because he doesn't want to talk about his insecurities, “How is the new job treating you?”
“A little naïve?” Dean asks after hearing his own words, going for a failed laugh. Castiel gives him a small tentative smile, titling his head.
Sam throws Dean a bitch face, making him roll his eyes but he can’t help smiling.
“It was two months after mum died” he starts and his throat feels dry, “we were in a motel somewhere in Utah, I- it was a particularly bad one, smelled worse than the others and” he stops and swallows, he doesn't remember the smell anymore they have all blended together now, but he remembers that he thought that then “He had been teaching me how to use a gun for the last two months and I could finally use it on my own without help. He said he had some work with someone and he’d be back in two to three days” then he huffs a laugh that turns into an ugly grimace, “he was never could at keeping time or just didn't care. He was gone for six days, I was worried and I couldn't reach him and
“Did he seem lonely?” Crowley asks noting something on his notebook. Castiel looks at his feet, bringing the image of those green eyes in his mind.
This Saturday he spends in the park, reading, which really isn’t that different from what he does most mornings, and people watching. He eats a burger and feeds the ducks and wonders if there will be an after for him. He doesn't want to keep doing this job and live in a shitty apartment with thin walls and neighbours who almost always fight or don't know where they are going, either because of booze or drugs.
“You know that’s not what I meant” he knows “I just think that someone is making an impact on you lately”
Then Cas moves to stand closer to him, impossibly close and Dean has a hard time breathing, something is trying to tear its way out of his chest. Cas opens his mouth, then closes it and after a moment he says
“I know she- I know she can’t understand or won’t understand some things. Or me. But she is still my mum”
“You don't think it’s-” he looks at Castiel like he will find the word in his eyes and then he finally says “I don't know… laughable”
“Great. How many did she have?”
“Yes, but you didn't have to name the case Asmodeus, it reminds me of a bad name for an air freshener” he frowns a bit, shrugging.
“I mean that happy” Dean says and he really doesn't know why he is saying all that. It not like Novak cares, not really. It’s like those people giving money to the homeless and then going to their beds at night feeling like they did something.
“It’s a sweater” says Dean, reaching for the carte of beer bottles and places it on the counter next to the fridge.
Shower. He needs to shower.
“Thank you” he says and walks to the elevator, pressing the button for the third floor. He breaths deeply. He doesn't even know what he is doing, but he finds he doesn't care or he thinks he will know once he sees Cas.
with”
Dean offers him a small smile and Castiel takes him face in his hands and kisses him deeply and slowly; it’s different than before, it makes Dean’s stomach flutter in a completely dissimilar way and the warmth in his chest spreads everywhere, making his fingertips tingle. He feels light and grounded at the same time. It awakens a desire in him that almost chokes him, and he grips Castiel’s bicep in his hand, perhaps too tightly, but he needs something to hold onto.
“We are not talking about it.”
“Gilda?” Dean asks suddenly realizing.
Of course.
Cas turns around and disposes the clothes at the end of the bed.
He sits down next to Michael and doesn’t say anything about the mess on the table. Dean hands him his fork, pushing the plate with his half-finished food away from him. Sam takes the fork without question and Dean dreads the conversation that is to come when they are alone.
After Billie, he is left numb, drained, a heaviness in his chest that makes it difficult to move. He drives home with a frown on his face, in a haze. He takes the elevator with Lisa (she has a son named Ben and is a yoga instructor that Deans has been flirting with since he and Sam moved in the building) he always talks to her but not today. He gives her a smile that hurts everywhere, so he turns to stare at his feet. Lisa gets off on the floor below his, she wishes him a good night and he mumbles his reply, cringing at himself, pretending he doesn’t notice her concerned face.
He shakes his head, “I just gave her a twenty-dollar bill and she left. I was lucky. I wasn't that lucky some other times.” And they had called dad, who made the situation worse far worse, and Dean learnt to pay for the motel with money they didn't have and steal food and later when he was sixteen, he learnt to pay them with money from things he only thinks about in moments of late silence or when he wants to make himself feel really bad.
“We didn't talk yesterday. He sent a text, said he is too busy, but-” he sighs again, “Thought he’d call this morning” he crosses his arms then adds petulantly “He didn't even text”
Dean stares at him, “What?”
“Ok.”
By the end he has a warm feeling in his chest and smiles softly as he gets dressed in the bedroom. He puts on his pants, without his underwear, instead folding them and placing them in his jackets’ pocket along with his tie. He buttons his shirt and sits on the bed to put on his shoes. After he is done, he picks up his jacket and reaches in the other pocket to take out his phone.
Mussorgsky fills the car and neither of them says anything. Castiel waits for a huff or a roll of eyes for the music but the only thing he gets is silence. At a red light he steals a glance at Dean. He is staring out the window, still as a statue but the small rise and fall of his chest with every breath he takes. Castiel looks down at Deans hands and he can see them slightly shaking. He grips the steering will a little tighter and exhales through his nose slowly.
“It could be anything.” Michael pushes his half empty mug away from him, to join the other two – Adam drank two hot chocolates before he gave up – “But she is only killing one of the two.”
“Aye aye, captain” she says and leaves with a mock salute.
. He gets closer to him, sits at the edge of the bed on Deans’ left side because Oli is taking the most of the space on Cas’ side of the bed.
“Why because you are doing what every person” he stops and considers it for a moment “
“We should make a board with what we know” Inias says and goes to get one.
Surprise!!
He doesn't look at anyone, just breaths heavily until he reaches the ground floor and then hurries to Baby. He seats inside, his blood rushing to his ears and all he can hear is his heart thumbing.
“I’m not worried” he says trying for nonchalant, but Dean picks up on the defensiveness slipping through.
“Do you want me to go? Find Kali?” he asks teasingly, as Colin Firth dances with Julianne Moore.
He looks up the ceiling, his breaths ragged. He runs a hand across his face and thinks about Sam, finding the blood sigil behind the door and using it for the spell Nick used for Lucifer, only to fail, once himself and once Jack. They didn’t tell him, but he found the ingredients mixed in a bowl in one of the storage rooms. It explained their faces for the previous days. He can’t relive that.
“Hello Dean.” His grip on the mug tightens and he gives Cas a small tight smile.
Castiel looks up at her, his face clear. “He wasn't killed here”
Dean had forgotten - not really - how unfair the world was.
“He is my older brother” And the feeling, Dean couldn't identify before from Gabriel, he now gets. “And they will understand” He continues to stare at the poster. “Is that Braden…”
Dean smile vanishes and he suddenly can’t breathe, he is aware that Sam continues to talk, but he can’t focus on him. All he can hear is a no no no and his own heartbeat or something that sounds like a heartbeat or a drum.
“The case with...” He trails off pointedly, sitting a little straighter in his chair.
“Hello.” he says back, his voice gruff and he clears his throat a little. “What will you be getting?”  asks looking between the two. Because he has a job after all.
. He closes his eyes and all he can see is the dirty bathroom, and he remembers the smell, how he was trembling before, during, after. And the feeling in his mouth, that he thought he would never be able to get used to and how wrong he was. The one in his chest though, he hasn't been able to even a little bit diminish.
He knows that nothing he can say will ever be enough so he stays silent. Let’s her lean on him for as long as she needs, longer if he has to, even if he can barely hold it together himself, this grief that swallows him, that he drags around everywhere, that’s taking so much space.
He sighs and his mind goes to Cas and he jerks in his seat, eyes opening. The guy next to him is giving him a funny look, but Dean doesn’t pay him attention, he doesn't pay attention to anything around him. He grips his knees and exhales through his nose, Cas is the last thing he wants to think about.
Sam shoots him a bitchface and says “The golden ale I like”
He turns the ignition off and just seats there, staring at the imposing house. He doesn't know how much time passes, but he knows it’s a lot. He receives a message from Sam and he replies he doesn't know when he’ll be back, going out and not to worry about it.
“Then one with the…” she gestures with her hand, looking grim.
“What’s wrong? Just tell me what’s wrong” and he sound so worried, so concerned and sad and -
“What other thing?”
“It’s nothing”
It’s pointless now.
“Like twenty to thirty minutes,” Sam says apologetically “You can come wait here, you don't have to sit in the cold in Baby”
Anything. He has been feeling hungry for some time now, but he isn’t gone to make Cas feed him too. The muffin is enough.
“It’s alright, sweetheart” something gets stuck in his throat at the endearment, Cas kisses his temple, then his cheek, then down at his neck. “We have time,” he says there and sucks. Dean arches into him.
After a few minutes, of staring into space he gets up, going downstairs for coffee.
He reaches the store and buys what he needs quickly, and if he nearly drops the bottle of milk he is holding, because the woman in the register has just about the same blue eyes as Cas, no one needs to know. She is blonde anyways.
He tilts his head up and watches himself in the ceiling mirror. He hears some rustling and Castiels’ voice who is speaking with Benjamin, the tailor, but he doesn't pay them any mind. He isn’t sure if he wants to look at him in his wedding suit. This alone startles him, how Castiel makes him feel, or that Dean feels like he has the right to feel this way, which is ridiculous because they only just met and –
Dean closes his phone and reluctantly looks up at him. He hasn't changed much, he thinks, which is a little stupid, considering it has barely been a week. The only thing different about him is the change from a trench coat to a black coat; he can’t blame him, the temperature dropped dramatically in the last three days. He gets up from his chair, his eyes drift to his left hand and nothing. There is nothing. Perhaps Dean reasons, Cas is one of those people that can’t stand wearing rings, like Jo.
“Mark Anderson. He was a student” Mark. It feels strange knowing his real name, a bit like he is overstepping a boundary. And he hates that he learns it under these circumstances.
Castiel turns to go to his office, but Hannah stops him with a soft voice. “How are you?”
“There is someone else in, you’ll have to wait” she says and nods towards one of the two chairs in front of her desk.
Novak hands the tests over to a person in the front row and they are passed to all of them. It has four question, definitions for five devices and Dean sighs in relief, the first one coming to him. He listens as Novak tells them they have half an hour and he starts writing.
“Castiel”
After a few, “that's not historically accurate” and “It’s just a movie. A
of the people he slept with were hot or beautiful even, but there is something about Cas that is
He doesn't see Dean during that time, which leaves him bitter and more restless than he would like to admit. Truth is the younger man has become a part of his life and Castiel is confused or he isn’t, but he can’t think straight and he only thinks he does when he sees Dean, which should alarm him, but instead makes him feel a bit lighter and free. He has never felt like this before. Sure, there was Mick who was calm and kind, but there is something about Dean that has him dizzy and short of breath and he likes it. He likes that he starts to feel free and terrifies him all the same.
“I know” he says softly and looks up at Cas, who is looking out the windows again. “Cas…” he sighs “you are going to find him”
Dean raises his head at that surprised and… angry. There is no other name for the emotion taking over in his head. It must show because Novak expression changes to worried and he takes a breath.
"Dean"
“So” Anna says after, the waiter brings their pizza. “how are you? Really”
He is calling the number again and listens as Cas voice fills his ear. It’s a sort, awkward message, like the first one he recorded years ago, that conveys a resentment for the act.
“Right” Dean nods, still trying to wrap his mind around this new information. This new information, that makes him feel so much more stupid and why does he always go for people who are so out of his league, not that he has gone for someone in the last two years, or that they have graduated fucking Yale, but still.
He sees Cas with Gabe and Anna, at a garden laughing at something, it’s such a rare expression on Cas face and Dean feels something, a kin to an insect, erupt in his stomach. He looks at another one with just Gabe and him, and another with him, Anna and a man he doesn't recognise. An old one, that is Cas and a woman at a beach, somewhere. There is another next to that, with a blonde guy who wears an obscene V shirt. One with Cas and, what assumes Dean is, Carmen laying on top off him, in an old couch (he realises it’s the one he saw before), that looks like it needs be thrown away yesterday, not that Dean can judge. They look comfortable and
relationship with him.” He finally settles on, turning his eyes to Dean’s, who lowers his in response, frow deepening.
“I never told him,” she utters quietly after a long while, wiping her eye with her sleeve jerkily.
“and I talked with him and everything is taken care of. Can we go now?” he says and without waiting for a reply, starts to walk towards the exit. Dean watches him for a moment before following him outside.
When he is just in his boxers, he tries to kiss Dean and but the younger man moves and tags at his boxer.
He runs his tongue behind his teeth and tries to get a hold of himself.
“Yes, we met last Friday,” Dean responds getting up from the chair because he started feeling awkward looking up to them.
“A little. After what we did, Sam is the last I want to think about”
“Yeah,” Sam says, skimming through the notes the coroner gave him.
He opens his eyes slowly, a small groan escapes his lips as he turns laying on his side, hugging the pillow.
Cas settles so he is kneeling in front of him.
“hm” Castiel says with a frown, picking at his cup.
He can see her relax and she nods, understanding. “Alright. But if you need anything, my couch is open and I bought a bottle of wine on Tuesday, you know that merlot you like”
“I’m not your charity case or, or somebody you need to
“Yes.” He pauses again, then says gravely “Continuing from what you read, “It’s funny how I see myself like a sleepwalker or blind, that is seeking you with his palms open and with his eyes closed. I’m despicably horny and I’m thinking of nothing else but fucking you all night. And I cannot write to you differently” Dean holds back a choke, his hands balling in fists and he digs his nails into his skin, because the way Novak says fucking is unfair and this entire sentence he just spoke, made Dean half hard. But the other man continues unaware of the effect he has, “He had a way with words. Another says “even if we were together from day to night, it wouldn't be enough. We would have to swallow each other. And all these are too horrifying, for me to like them.”
“What’s up with the windows?”
“Last night-”
“You know, it’s… well,
He turns to look at him after a bit. And Dean can tell that Cas knows that he says that to make him feel better. Cas says ok anyway.
“Yeah, but why?”
“You on the other hand,” She smiles, a sly look on her face that makes him feel stupid, the fire in his chest igniting further. “are very easy to find.”
Dad takes another hunt, then another so they stay for another two weeks and Dean relaxes, he breathes a little easier, talks more.
He is not stupid he knows Sam sort of knows what happened. Knows to the point where he stopped mentioning his name the first week when Dean dropped a mug in the middle of the kitchen like an idiot.
Most of the time the ache inside him is hot, running through him steadily, burning but with an odd comfort in its wake. A reminder that he is still alive, engulfed in that throbbing warmth. Sometimes though, it turns cold, sharp and perpetually imminent. A corrosive kind of ache that eats his insides and he feels it spreading like a disease.
Because Dean and Cas have crossed so many lines by now, that this feels so natural. And that should scare him, should make him want to say “This is not what we have. What we are”.
“Dean” it’s his only reply, and it’s desperate, urgent. He drags his lips from Dean’s jaw to his mouth and gives him a slow kiss. Dean moves his hands and unbuttons his shirt and then his slacks and they move to the bed and Dean loses his jeans as well in the short distance.
. He absolutely hated it, and everything that made him look like that and even though he wanted to know more he didn't say anything, he didn't know if he could handle what Cas had to say.
“I want to see the movie” He says with a tone like Dean is stupid. He tries not be offended, he gets the impression that Castiel, is a bit abrupt and inept to some social queues.
She had taken one look at Dean with something that he couldn't word then and has been erased through the years. But it was something that had made his stomach curl with shame and wanted to apologize for what he didn't know, so he hadn’t told her anything. And when she asked for his dad, he just told her he would be back in a while, and when she asked for money, - Dean wasn't good at saving then but he became better later on -, he handed her wordlessly a twenty-dollar bill and kept the six dollars for himself and Sam. She again gave him a look and shook her head muttering under her breath and left with a muttered “alright”. He was lucky, he realized not too long after.
“Hey,” he says sitting in the chair across from him in the library.
It’s like someone through an ice bucket in his face, it leaves him shocked and for a moment he wonders if that's what he is doing. But that's ridiculous, because Mick is dead.
Then when he is almost asleep,
“Are you?” she asks raising an eyebrow.
Eileen texts him, that she will be there in about two minutes and Dean doesn't think he has loved or appreciated her more than in that second he reads her message.
“Sometimes it feels that way”
He is staring at a woman holding a young boys hand as they cross the road, when he hears Cas’ voice but doesn't register his words.
“I’m busy, so please just tell me why you called?” Gabriel makes a noise on the other end and responds with a more serious tone.
Deans’ apartment is small and crappy. The paint on the walls has been peeling off, making the ugly yellowish colour (which could have been white once upon a time, Dean thinks) give room for the plaster to show underneath, making it even more ugly. The bedroom just about fits a bed with a mattress that its’ springs dig into his back and creaks at every turn. The kitchen, which is the only room Dean spends more time in other than the bedroom, has a hardly alive kitchen stove that works whenever it wants to and a fridge form the 70’s, that sounds like a dying whale, accompanied with a table (that Dean fixed, because it was barely standing). As for the main room, it barely fits a two-seat sofa and thankfully it has a bit of a room in front of it, because that thing is so filthy that Dean sometimes shudders when he looks at it. So, he sits on the ground next to the old radio whenever he wants to.
Someone pushes the door behind Hannah and a man walks in holding a mug and wearing a smile, that Dean finds a bit unnerving.
Dean rolls his eyes, “Am I offending your delicate eyes?”
The man straightens up abruptly and stares at Dean, surprise taking over his features, before his expression shifts but Dean doesn't know into what, because he reaches into his bag and takes his laptop out and turns it on. When he looks back at Novak the mans’ expression is expectant.
Cas’ was the one to suggest Dean adopt him, but Dean turned down the idea and told him if he liked him so much, to adopt him himself. Despite that being the case, that Cas’ liked him, Oli was intimidated by him every time he saw him, hiding behind Deans’ legs, to everyone’s amusement. So, at the sixth week of his brother and sister in law - they got married the past March - housing him, Eileen came to Deans’ apartment one Saturday afternoon with Oli in a crate and told him,
He finally removes the shirt, while Cas removes his pants – and he has to remove each piece separately, Dean rolls his eyes- he also has to remove his undershirt and how many clothes is the guy wearing?
Dean makes it two steps inside behind Sam and Michael and immediately wants to flee. He just plants his feet heavily on the ground, puts more weight on his heels until they hurt and shoves his hands in his pockets.
Both Hannah and Inias look up at him questioningly, a bit of alarmed and nervous, though Hannah is better at hiding it than Inias. Castiel shakes his head slightly, trying to be calm, he doesn't want to think how he looks right now. No doubt how he feels, vehement and exasperated. He runs a hand through his hair and sighs.
“You only appreciate something when you lose it.” It’s Michael that says it. “Sounds like her.”
“I love consent” Cas says seriously, covering a finger with lube.
“Am I not good enough for you?” he asks her mockingly, glancing back at her. It doesn’t evoke the reaction he expects. Her expression softens, her eyes are melancholic and there is something close to sympathy swimming in there too for a moment, then it changes into one of faux pity.
“Get dressed Dean”
“Yeah, I don’t think so. I’m fine” he says, raising his chin in defiance, going for a smile that comes out as a grimace.
“Dean”
Dean has never hated baby as much as he does now.
“Dean”
There are quiet for a while, her looking the other way and him staring out the window at the cypress trees.
I'm so sorry this took so long. I had 2/3 written when I posted the previous chapter, but well, life happened and I didn't have the time (or energy) to finish it until this week. Hopefully the next one isn't going to take this long, I'll really try. Thank you for reading and patience :)
“Thought you’d drive me”
“I let him-”
“Hello, Mr Bass”
“Castiels’ office is over there.” She says indicating with her hand towards the right.
“Yes.” Castiel says giving her a smile, “Thank you. Not a lot of people know that.”
The photo isn’t recent. If it was, the guy wouldn't be smiling like that. No one with that smile walks around those streets.
Cas smiles at him, open and Dean can’t help but mirror it. “Tea?”
“I” his voice gives up after that, and he looks up at Castiel shrugging. “You don’t need to do this” he tells him and he means it, because really he doesn’t and it’s unnecessary.
Anna nods and turns to Castiel who keeps glancing at Dean “What is it?”
“Hello-” she freezes for a moment and Dean can see from the corner of his eyes Cas doing the same thing, but then she gives them a tight smile and walks to the end of the bed and stands there stiffly.
He sees Castiel raising his head startled and he walks further into the room.
“Thanks for the muffins” Dean says, a little awkwardly.
“Sure”
“What’s with the eye candy?” she asks finally, making him freeze before he busies himself with picking up Dean’s mug and placing it in the sink. It’s best not to look at each other now.
“That's quite a distance” Inias says and everyone nods in agreement.
“Ok, one baked goods
He leaves his stuff in a table, takes his coffee and continues his essays on Camus. When he is done with the first draft after two cups of coffee and some four hours later. He takes the book with Eliot’s poems and reads.
“Scrambled” he says at last and is proud of the fact that his voice doesn't waver.
He almost drops the fork he is holding. Dean voice is rough and wavering and something has Castiels’ chest in its grip and its going to crash it. He grips the counter with his free hand and takes a breath.
“Oh, don't be prudist now” he says smiling. “It’s a profession and what I am trying to say is, get a PhD if you are either in the first or third category. Now, let’s start”
“Ok.” Dean says and closes the door, getting completely naked and starting a shower.
“Cas” he rasps. Cas stops and raises his head to look at him, well that much Dean can tell. “Lights” he just says, cause he isn’t doing this in the dark.
He gets off along with another girl that walks towards the other direction and Dean finds himself feeling relived for whatever reason. He reaches Novak’s office and sees Hannah looking intently at her computer screen while typing, who stops and looks up as she hears him approach, recognition flashing across her face. She smiles at him and he stops in front of her desk, body half turned towards the closed door, but still looking at her.
He circles his shoulders, curls and uncurls his fists, takes measured breaths. He pretends he is not aware of Jack watching him in concern from across the room ever since Sam walked in there, or Miracle as she stands unnaturally still next to the bookshelf, tracking him with her eyes.
“I have been patient with you,” Cas tells him, and Dean moves his hand slowly finding Cas’s hip with the tip of his fingers and dragging it upwards towards his chest, as he speaks, “for a very long time.” His voice drops and Dean shudders nodding, his grin slipping from his face.
“Our love was not other than this: it groped
After a few minutes, he hears a song coming through the speakers in the shop and now Dean does roll his eyes. After a little bit though he has to admit it’s not a bad song, not his liking, but not bad. He notes there are a lot of officers that come in the shop, and that they are acquainted with Benny and the other guy. He guesses it’s normal as this seems to be the only one on the street and directly opposite of the station.
“Did you see?”
Cas is in front of him before he has managed to finish his phrase and Dean has to look at his chest, where his tie is askew, half hidden behind the trench coat.
Dean just shrugs, amused, desperately trying to hold a smile from breaking in his face.
There is no need for him to feel guilty about anything, about moving on because its normal, it is expected, it is what Mick would have wanted.
“I know but-“
“She is” Castiel smiles genuinely around the words, eyes getting bluer.
“Hello.” He responds having composed himself. “What coffee would you like? I have filter or pods? I’ve got lungo or espresso, I don’t know what you like. I only have one kind of ground coffee though-”
He has his hands in front of his face and from what Castiel can see he is blushing. Fleetingly, Castiel thinks about turning back around, but stops himself. He feels something simmer in his stomach, maybe jealousy, he isn’t sure. Besides, that's ridiculous because there is nothing- because that man is just someone that Dean- He really needs to stop that train of thought, if he wants to stay sane.
And they are kissing again, cocks rubbing together and Dean explores with his hands and mouth and god Cas feels so good on top of him. He feels warm and wanted and like he is worth- He pulls away just barely, “Lube”, he says, cause he needs to go back to his feet, to what he can handle. “Drawer” is Cas response, before starting kissing Deans’ neck again, as if Dean knows which drawer.
“Dean” And ok, Dean acknowledges that he is being
“Dean” there is something in his voice Dean can’t name, but his name sounds too much and Dean stares at the almost finished coffee, gripping the cup tighter.
“What?” Dean slurs, but Cas ignores him opening the lube and spreading it on his fingers.
“Good, looking like Matt Buckner”
“I don't know, I quite liked Autumn Song, professor” Dean shrugs.
“He is probably busy,” Sam says before Dean can open his mouth.
as he speed walks to the elevator.
Dean isn’t sure. “Dean, it has been nearly three years. I am” he smiles, albeit a little sad and presses his lips together. “I’m better. Not fine, I still have some road ahead of me, but really there is no need to look at me like that”
“I am sorry, Castiel. I don't know who he is, and I couldn't stop him” Dean rolls his eyes and Castiel glares at him momentarily.
“Absolutely not” he responds decisively, drawing Dean to the present “I advise against getting a PhD, unless of course you want to be a university professor or your career asks for it and in this case really consider it.  But if it is becoming a university professor, then don't become a professor do something else”
Her face lights up and she leans forward towards him and he bucks up, eyes widening.
“Hey little bro” Gabriel’s overly cheery voice reaches his ear. “How is it going?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel nods. “Thank you again.”
Dean looks up from the book he is reading clicking his tongue, eyeing Sam warily. He fights his body’s reaction to curl in and away from Sam, forces himself not to move.
“Sure” he says taking a handful of condoms.
“Dude,” Dean says and moves around him.
” and Dean can here the eyeroll in his voice “at the hospital, who had my card and I was the only contact they had”
They are silent for a moment.
Castiel rolls his eyes, it’s the forth time they are asking him to go out with them, in the last two weeks and he knows he can’t keep refusing them. He also, knows that this is the same reason why Gabriel calls this time, he is extremely persuasive. He has managed to convince Castiel to do things he otherwise wouldn't even imagine doing. “I don't have a choice, do I?”
Dean knows that. Of course he knows that. He bites his lip and looks up at the sky.
“Stop thinking about it, it’s over and done with”
“Right.”
He leaves Castiel’s house in the middle of the night or early morning, with not many words exchanged - neither knew what to say and he desperately needed to escape the awkwardness and the weight of what they have done – and when he reaches his apartment, his head heavy, barely able to keep his eyes open, still it takes him a long time until he is able to fall asleep. The ghost of hands lingering on skin, keeping him up.
Castiel reaches for him, resting a hand in his shoulder and Dean swallows, looks down at the now half full glass of orange juice and twirls it slightly.
And in that moment Dean realises fully what is happening, what has been happening to him,
“So about that school project” he says and she takes it for what it is, a change of subject and a peace offering.
“You know” He says slowly. “I do care” And Dean eyes widen, did he say it out loud?
Finally, Novak moves behind his desk and opens the power point, he reads something on his laptop, until a voice, that Dean recognises it belongs to Lisa interrupts him,
“Let’s eat something”
“No like- I don’t know, something.” He waves his hand as if to demonstrate the so called energy and shrugs when Sam grimaces shaking his head negative. The whole house made him disoriented like he had just woken up from a very deep sleep and his limps were numb, each movement like it was coming from someone else.
