Dean smiles imagining Cas in this space, his hair fucked up, as he grinds down tea leaves. He takes another drink trying not to feel touched that Cas was thinking of him.
"You were unavailable for consultation." She says avoiding his eyes. Castiel raises an eyebrow. “Alright, alright I’m sorry I’ll wake you next time.” Then, with one last toke, she passes Castiel the joint as a consolation prize.
Warm and well fed, Dean experiences something close to jet lag. And despite the fact that he should probably be helping with wedding prep, he finds himself walking upstairs for a nap instead. On his way, he passes a tall man, who’s hanging a little ball from the ceiling and almost falls off his ladder in the process. Dean rushes to steady him.
"Oh of course," Dean fumbles at his pants, pulling out a wallet thick with bills. "I assume cash is acceptable."
Dean bites his lip, almost walking down the hall before changing his mind and grabbing the seat in front of Cas. This is the moment he’s been thinking about all day for fucks sake. He's not going to waste it just because he's surprised that Cas is Sams boss.
Dean ends up fixing the rest of the roof himself. Cas offering to give him some space before they eat lunch together. It should feel more awkward, eating food with Cas after what they just admitted but Dean just feels numb to it. There's something raw about them now. Like a wound that's not quite healed. Dean doesn't know what will fix it completely. Or if it ever will. But Dean thinks he's close to getting his best friend back. Even if it means, for now, they are avoiding the bigger issues.
He sighs and goes over to the valets. "Hey guys, Mr Crowley said I could take one of his cars to get back to my hotel. Is there any way you can give me the keys?" He says with his most convincing smile.
Dean whines, "Castiel please," He says, his nails digging into Castiel’s skin. Castiel laughs as he begins to press down and down and down. Taking Dean in so slowly it's killing him. He laughs again when he's fully seated. Gripping Dean's shoulder's tight.
Sam gives him a soppy look and rubs at his shoulder. The bullet wounds started to heal. Leaving a dark read scar forming on Sam's skin. It seems to ache more often than Sam will ever own up to. Dean frowns, "Be sure you keep treating that and if it gives you any more trouble call me. Cas's forgiveness or not I'll be back before you know it."
Sam looks up from the spilled salad, his eyes locking on their hands. "Yes — I ugh — heard you ask out my boss." Sam frowns, his voice squeaking in confusion. "I didn't know you knew him?"
Castiel raises an eyebrow, strutting towards Dean who is finally watching him again. Sitting on the edge of the desk, Castiel smiles. "I guess that’s why you picked me then,"
Dean shifts awkwardly, deciding it might be best if he hid in the bedroom. Cas doesn't even give him a chance to run though, opening the door to a teenage girl wearing a prison uniform. She’s holding hands with a small boy, dressed as an astronaut. He yells "Trick or Treat!" enthusiastically at Cas, shaking his bag.
“Thank you, your Grace,” Dean says as respectfully as possible. From across the room, Castiel smiles and Dean ducks his head. Between the look on Castiel’s face and the tears in Kelly’s eyes his heart-swells. He’s barely off the stand when Kelly pulls Dean in for a hug. Castiel watching Dean with soft eyes over her shoulder.
“Claire came here before she turned 18 to make her deal. I refused on the grounds of her already having a bond with you,” Castiel says, looking regal when he sits at his desk. His dark red tail waving lazily around his shoulders. He gestures at the seat across from him.
"I'm the principal at St Michael's college for Archangels." She says proudly. Nick looks at her, smugness clear on every feature. Castiel shifts in his seat.
"Well I've been trying to get your attention," Cas says, despite his peacocking, he looks almost... shy.
"Yeah but Dean I have been watching you and Cas makes eyes at each other for ten years man! Ten years!" Sam is obviously smiling, clearly relieved as Dean chokes in the front seat. He almost sounds like he's just won the lottery.
"Mom look, Uncle Castiel brought an angel friend," Jack says, brightly. Dean wonders how many angels this kid has met. He seems to enthusiastic about having Dean around. Which is concerning.
Dean does, spreading his long freckled legs without shame. Climbing in between them, Castiel runs his palm up Dean's leg, kissing at goosebumps and using his tongue against the raised edge of an old scar. Above it, he sucks another bruise into the inside of Dean's thigh.
“I'm not going on the stand under contract to say whatever you think will let you win.” Dean snaps, trying not to pace.
“I know,” Cas says, not quite meeting Dean's eye as he takes the pack of eggs out of Dean's hands. When he opens the only one remains un-cracked. “But I’m trying not to be Dean.”
down and fucked. He’s missed opening someone up and sliding his dick in. His jaw aches with the faded memory of sucking cock. He sighs into Cas's skin pushing at his half-open shirt. "Naked," Dean pants, more turned on than he's ever been in his entire life. "Need to get you naked Cas."
“Yes, fuck,” Castiel gasps, grabbing Dean's shoulders to steady himself before pushing him up against the tile. Dean smiles and grips him tight, making Castiel moan into Dean’s wet skin, slick and warm under his mouth. Dean kisses below Castiel ear again. “You are ridiculously hot right now,” he rumbles under his breath.
“Dammit, I said it might come after you again. Might.” Dean mutters, scrubbing his hand over his jaw. Castiel glares at him. “Okay fine, fine you can come. Stop it with the murder eyes geez.”
Cas blinks, his eyes wandering past Dean to look at something over his shoulder. He bites his lip, "I think I'm better off staying here. Getting the fire ready and all. You can just take the truck." He says. He won't meet Deans eye.
Dean frowns at his phone till it goes dark. Cas is a great guy; he's a fantastic lay and Dean wants more. He's known he was into dudes since high school, but it was only after he started his master's program that he thought to act on it. Before meeting Cas, Dean used the app to feed his curiosity. He tried phone sex with some guys. Exchanged handjobs with a cute guy named Aaron and learned how to give blow jobs from Benny, a biker passing through town for the night. Then he saw Cas's photo.
“I would love to play for you sometime. What else did you see in my memories?” Castiel was not worried about any of his secrets being revealed because his father constantly reassured him and his brothers that would not be an issue when they met their soulmate. When Michael met his soulmate, she didn’t see anything about their life that would have given their statuses away. Yet, he was still curious to what Dean saw.
“What time’s it?” Cas’s words were slurred with drowsiness because he stayed up last night longer than he would admit to look at and feel Dean in his arms. “6:30… we have like a half an hour.” Cas opened his arms up, inviting Dean to snuggle back in. Dean gladly accepted the invitation and hopped back into bed, setting his hands on Cas’s chest.
Dean breathed heavily, not even so much from the running. He was just overwhelmed. He was maybe gonna go to Bobby’s or to Ellen’s for the night. Just to get away. Castiel had to know where he lived now. He’d seen Dean drive, both legally and illegally, there a million times from his memories.
Dean slid into a desk, taking a deep, soothing breath. He grabbed his research book out of his backpack, and flipped to the page he left off on. He was supposed to be looking for a special way to kill them, but he hadn’t had any luck so far.
Gabe groaned. “Stop rambling. I have a book for you.” Gabriel handed over the book and Castiel’s mood darkened. “You found it?” Gabe nodded, being serious himself for the first time in a long time.
“Half-angel. Nephilim, he calls himself. Same with his brothers. His father was an angel. Mom was a human.” The silence that fell on the room was nothing like Dean had experienced with these particular people before.
“Alright Cassie, I’ll see you on Sunday.” Gabe waved his goodbye, and turned towards a deer-in-the-headlights Dean.
“This is Castiel, one of my friends. Can you say hi?” Sam shyly put his head into Dean’s shoulder, waving over to Cas.
“Yes.” Dean whispered against Cas, and he couldn’t help the smile that bloomed onto his face. “Sammy’s gonna be so excited.” Cas pulled back and pressed his lips to Dean’s. “Can you believe we’ve been together for six months?” Cas mused to him, and Dean nodded. “I can believe it only because I was crushing for you for so long and promised myself if I ever got the chance to be with you, I would never give it up.” Dean admitted and Cas couldn’t help his heart from swelling.
“Sammy,” Dean whispered gently, forcing Sam to calm down so he could hear the quiet words coming out of his mouth. “You know I have to go to school, and so do you. It’ll only be a couple hours, buddy-” More like eight hours, but the less Sam knew, the better. “-You can be a big boy for Daddy, right?” Sam pulled his face out of Dean’s shoulder and looked up at him with these big crocodile tears and blotchy cheeks. He nodded tearfully, big green eyes showing the internal conflict within him- being a big boy and staying with Daddy. He paused.
Cas tried his hardest to ignore the butterflies in his stomach as Dean’s green eyes looked up at him. “How are you, Dean?” Cas was just trying to keep up conversation with him, just trying to relish the few seconds he would hear his voice. “I’m okay.” Dean’s voice was quiet, and he swallowed hard. Dean’s stomach pulled in tight and his heart practically jumped into his throat when Mr. Novak leaned forward and placed his hand on Dean’s bruised cheek.
“I know you have baggage. I’m not stupid. I saw your memories, I lived parts of your life that I never hope to see again. But I’m here for you, that’s exactly what this means. I’m here to be with you and to carry your baggage and fight your demons with you. That’s why I was put on this Earth, to be with you. I won’t ever let you think like that again. And the mere thought of you dying early on some
Then he saw the diner. Saw him in his uniform, saw Sammy asleep, and then suddenly saw Ellen coming in. He saw the whole scene play out in his head, saw Dean hide from his father, saw all the things Dean imagined John was going to do with him, and then saw him get in his car. He saw him sob in his driveway. He felt Dean think that he was a burden, that he was going to
The door opened, and he was met with an extremely pale, worried-looking Cas. Dean’s bottom lip wobbled for a second, but Cas had made him feel a little better with his grace and presence.
Dean breathed out, pulling back. “We’ll see. I’ll talk to him… do you, uh,” Dean uncomfortably shifted, blushing again. He cursed his stupid red cheeks. “Want to do something tonight? Maybe dinner?”
“I met my soulmate.” Dean mumbled, but they couldn’t hear him. “What?” Ellen questioned, making a face. Dean scrunched his face up, reaching his hands up and rubbing his temples.
Castiel was not scared. He was angry. He was shocked, and jealous, and just protective and he needed to feel Dean under his fingers, just feel his heartbeat because he was so lucky Dean was still alive and breathing. He had seen every time that his breath was almost taken away.  He was livid because if he had just known, if he could have met Dean earlier, he could have healed him and stopped his pain.
Cas couldn’t help but find Dean’s words endearing, but he wondered if that was truly what Dean was doing. He knew that Dean was notorious for covering up the truth, and for doing ridiculously dangerous things all the time. Maybe he was out on a hunt, but he was still healed. Cas hoped that he hadn’t really noticed.
“For about two years after he would drag Dean on these hunts for the demon that killed his mom, but Dean would just get hurt. And he’d have to scramble to find a safe place for Sam while he hunted. Then his father would leave him wherever, making him find his own way back home. Now, his father just beats him senseless whenever he sees him. Last time he actually,” Cas shuttered and he felt physically ill.
Bobby dropped off all the books he had that even mentioned the bible. Ellen, Jo, and Garth went through everything they had and dropped that off too. So Dean spent about seven hours researching angels, but he didn’t learn much. He simply found a set of wards that prevented angels from being able to locate or touch something. So he got out a cloth and painted the signs and then wrapped the blade up.
All of Cas’s memories flashed before his eyes; his big family, loving dad, an absent mother, piano, books, four years of college, fun memories with roommates, but then he saw snaps of something he wasn’t expecting. Stuff like his stuff. He saw a demon, or two, but he couldn’t really be sure. Then they just continued. Dean felt happy, and light, and he could tell that Cas had a life that was worth living. Loving brothers, a loving sister, dogs, cats, just everything that Dean had never had.
It was a mind numbingly silent ride to Dean’s apartment, as Dean sat in the front next to Cas and Sam was curled up in the back seat. Dean wanted to make conversation, he felt like he owed that to Cas, but whenever he would try his throat would close up and butterflies would swarm through his entire body. He was sick, as well. His head throbbed with an oncoming migraine, and his stomach swirled with what was most commonly known as nausea.
“Just friends,” Dean says shrugging. “We had drinks last night and you've already worked out the rest.”
“Okay,” Sam sighs, “For what it's worth, I’m sorry this happened to you, Dean. I know you wanted something different.”
Dean really likes it when Cas grins. So he leans out off the window, getting nice and close to whisper in Cas’s ear. "Are you saying you don't want me to blow you to get out of that ticket?”
"Look that's - huh - Cas likes letters okay," Dean says taking a longer sip than necessary. "It doesn't mean anything. Besides, this has nothing to do with why I'm here."
Dean slides his other hand around Castiel’s waist, pulling him in. “This is probably a bad idea,” Dean says into Castiel’s mouth.
"How do you know?" Dean asks a tear running down his face. "How can you prove that all of this isn't him still messing with us."
“You don't want time to think this over?” Castiel asks, his hands folded under his chin. “Once you sign you won't be able to go back.”
Rufus has some tools down here as well. The kind of stuff you need for basic maintenance. The ladder has rusted in a few places, along with Rufus’s box of tools. Everything looks like it's liable to give Dean a bad case of tetanus and that’s with his shot. His stomach churns. He might have to pick a fight with Cas after all. "I don't think you should use any of this," Dean says, avoiding Cas's eye.
Like him, the kittens were all alone. Two little things left in a box by the dollar store and in a moment of insanity Dean had picked them up this morning. After stopping by a vet to get them checked, Dean ended up bringing the little things back with him and bottle feeding them over zoom while Charlie and Sam brainstormed names. Munchkin and Malcolm don’t exactly count as human, but he figures they'll be good company. It's funny how isolation is affecting him. He used to hate cats, now he's picking them up and letting them curl up on his chest as he binges Netflix.
Rowena laughs, stopping in front of Castiel’s place even though Dean never told her the address. Witches are fucking creepy sometimes. "What you need my dear is to celebrate." She says, unlocking the car. "Preferably with sex."
Castiel chuckles while Dean goes red and how suggestive that just sounded. “Jo meets Castiel. He's my- ah - demon thing.” He says, wondering why it sounds like he's introducing his prom date. “Castiel this is my little sister Jo.”
“Anyway, do you still think you could talk to Sam for me?” Charlie says after the coffee has run out.
It's hard trying to ignore his thoughts from this morning. He suddenly aches for a life like this one. He wonders if he could ever blend into town as seamlessly as Cas seems to. He hadn’t been able to ignore the judgmental looks when he was at Lisa’s. For some reason, he doesn’t think it would matter out here. Not if Cas was by his side.
Dean bites his lip. “Promise me you won't touch the ring,” he says seriously. Castiel skims his hand down Dean's other leg, shaking his head. He has no idea why he expected Dean to say something else.
Claire's name throws Dean for a second, he's become so distracted by this demon looks, he almost forgot to be mad at him. Annoyed at himself, Dean doesn't shake the guy's hand. Watching as Castiel’s charming smile drops along with his hand, his spine straighten.
Cas sighs, tilting his head to kiss Dean again, "I think I'd prefer the term cautious," He says against Dean's mouth. "Less dumb, less ass."
Dean rolls his eyes and turns back to the road. He needs to get his shit together. He's not some blushing virgin. "Don't change yourself because of me, man. I'm not used to people making innuendos anymore. HR doesn’t approve of that kind of thing and I'm hardly out of the office these days."
“There are other methods but none of them produces the same results as Archangel training. Our alumni include presidents and Nobel prize winners. Most archangels that are left without specialised mentorship never reach their full potential.”
"Um," He flushes looking around the crowd. Just like in those godamn Disney movies Dean loves, Castiel meets Deans gaze through the crowd. Dean flushes and looks away, "This is not what I was expecting but I think we can make it work, right guys?" Dean passes the note back. Sam nodding after a booming laugh.
Castiel blinks his tail dragging behind him. "Yes, we are. Kelly and I always meet here, why are you asking?"
Dean drops his wrench. "Holy shit," He says his mouth dry. If anything, Cas looks amused by how Dean is gaping at him. "How much can you lift man?"
Dean wakes up with something crushing his chest. Taking a desperate breath, he rolls over and almost falls onto the freezing floor. On his chest the thing moves, paws kneading into his ribs spitefully. Blinking awake Dean looks down at the small black kitten sitting on his diaphragm. Wide blue eyes regard's Dean for a second. Then the little things yowl's at Dean for not being a good enough bed.
Shrugging, Cas shifts as he pulls out Bobby's flask from his coat pocket. Dean rolls his eyes. “I still plan to drink whatever is in this,” he says unscrewing the cap, necking a huge gulp of Bobby's whiskey like it's fucking holy water or some shit. Dean's throat burns in sympathy.
After all, it's not everyday that people wake up from a freak accident with psychic powers, or so Missouri claims, anyway. He's just thankful to her for trying to help him in the first place, for teaching him everything she knows. How to use his gift to help people, as well as warning him about the types of creatures that would use him for it. A part of him aches to call her now. To explain the fear he feels at seeing a beast in his home, even if it's just on canvas. He promised her that he would try to take care of himself for once, though. She can’t baby him, not anymore.
Scrubbing the back of his head, Dean sneaks into his room and strips down silently, collapsing onto his bed in satisfaction.
"Dean I have my own job, I can't leave mid-project to help you schmooze clients. Not that you care what I'm doing anyway." Lydia sighs down the line. "When was the last time we even had a conversation?"
"Do you want to come with me?" Dean asks, perking up a little. Dean's pretty sure his relationship with Cas can't be fixed but it's hard to say no to Sam. Cas might crumble and come home anyway.
Cas growls some swear word in a language Dean doesn't understand and grabs him by his T-shirt. Dean maybe has a second to wonder what the fuck is going on before Cas pulls him square against his chest and kisses him. Dean doesn't whimper. He doesn't. Okay, he maybe whimper's a little but HOLY FUCK. Cas is kissing him. Cas is kissing him! And now he's frowning and pulling back and Dean can't let him do that. He makes some sort of a wail and grips Cas's neck actually kissing him back this time.
He went to look down at Dean’s wrist, hoping to catch a glance at Dean’s marking, but was surprised to see his wrists were bandaged pretty tightly. He internally cursed at both Dean’s physical well being and the inability to see his initials.
“Castiel?” Dean asked, reaching up and rubbing his eyes. Cas decided that he should just get away as quick as possible and hope that Dean thought it was a dream. But before he could get away, Dean leaned forward and set his head on Cas’s shoulder.
“He’s wonderful.” Cas commented, as they both looked over at him playing on the floor. Cas turned back to Dean, and set his hand on his shoulder. “You’re wonderful.” He added, leaning forward to get close to his ear.
“What are you dreaming about? These are worse than the others, I just… want to know. Maybe I can help.” Dean shrugged, swallowing thickly.
“I don’t even know if he’s my soulmate yet. But I know I’ve never felt like this about somebody before. But let’s change the subject. What are you doing here? Not that I’m not glad to see you, just-”
They talked about Dean’s work and how Charlie might visit him this weekend, until they finally got to Mr. Novak’s classroom. “Okay Dean-y, I’ll see you later?” Dean nodded, taking a deep breath.
“I know you don’t think angels exist. I know it’s above what you’ve ever dealt with. But if demons exist, why wouldn’t angels? I know you’ve never seen a light like that before, because you’ve never been exposed to them. Now you are.” Cas hesitated for a second, wondering if he should continue. “You were so sick because you had smiting sickness. I’m… not sure why your other friends didn’t get it and why you were so blindly affected, but I think it has something to do with your affiliation to me.” Cas didn’t quite know when to stop.
“Huh. That’s weird. Meet me at the Diner? Jo can watch Sam while we hunt and I can pay for your dinners.” Bobby really knew how to talk to Dean.
Dean put his head on the steering wheel, taking in a deep breath. He took a second to let the tears run down his face, the tears that had been threatening to come out since his dad had walked into the kitchen. He silently sobbed, trying not to wake Sam up in the back. He took a deep, labored breath, and then got himself together. He wiped his tears, wiped his nose, and gave himself a mini-pep talk.
able to want something as unholy as him? He opened his eyes, plagued with too many harmful thoughts to get any more rest.
He had to go out and get more salt, too. He ran out of paint to touch up his sigils and he had to make some more. He was lucky salt was cheap or else he wouldn’t have dinner for another night.
“Do you want to go lay down? It feels like you might need a nap.” Dean had been dozing off during the last tv show they had decided on, and Dean smiled a little bit. Cas stood up off the couch, and grabbed Dean’s hands.
“Dean,” Cas moaned, and Dean couldn’t tell if it was a ‘keep going’ or a ‘please, let’s talk about what you’re going through’ groan. So he continued on, settling his teeth in the fleshy part of Cas’s neck. Cas hissed and Dean could feel his fingers grip his wrist.
“I love you too, Ellen. I’ll see you tonight.” Dean hung up, and rolled over again in bed. He smashed his whole face into the pillow, grabbing his stomach and groaning quietly. He did not feel well. Not nearly as bad as last night, but it was still wildly uncomfortable. He grabbed his phone and checked the time, and when it read 11:00AM, he shot up and out of bed. He had no clue how he had slept this late, but he never did that. Sam must have been up for hours, waiting for him. Dean made his way to the door, and opened it to a sight he did not expect.
“Who is it?!” Ellen exclaimed, and Dean dragged Jo over to the table her mom was sitting at. Sammy came running out, content with a lollipop in his mouth. Dean handed him a book to go look at. Dean, Ellen, and Jo settled at the table and talked with hushed voices.
If Dean had been feeling better he would have taken the fact that he was sitting on someone’s lap right now a lot different. The more he thought about it, the more he could feel. His head was resting on a shoulder, his arms clasped around a neck, and legs wrapped around a torso. He was surprised that he did not feel any awkwardness.
“Do you have any brothers?” Ellen asked, out of the blue, and Dean was somewhat taken aback. He’d never seen Ellen act like this before. Cas nodded, a bit confused about why she would ask a question like that.
“But things are finally looking up.” And Dean couldn’t help but think it was probably because of Cas.
“How do you feel?” Ellen asked as they approached the house and Dean shrugged. “I’m not sure. I just don’t know how I went downhill so fast and then get back up and be fine. I really feel okay now. Maybe I just needed to get sick.” Dean tried to get through it, but he still felt off. He played it off as nerves.
Cas had never felt this close to anyone. He had lost all sense of anything that was not Dean. Dean’s other hand found its way under his shirt, and Cas broke the kiss for a second for Dean to take off his shirt.  Dean’s hands fumbled back to Cas’s torso, setting his hands on the warm skin. Cas grabbed the bottom of Dean’s shirt, needing to feel his skin pressed against his.
He let out a shaky breath and considered sleeping in his car. Where could he park so that John wouldn’t find them and they wouldn’t be interrupted? Nowhere that Dean could think of in that second. The fear and panic that gripped his body was beyond something he’d felt in awhile. John would have beat the shit out of him tonight. He’d been really drunk, Dean could hear that in his voice.
“Dean,” He groaned, reaching forward to turn on the light. He squinted to see, and was surprised when he saw Dean, flushed a dark red and stained with tears. Worry settled in his stomach and he turned his body towards Dean.
“Hi, my name is Dean,” Dean spoke cheerily, keeping the fake smile plastered up on his lips. “-and I’ll be your server today. Can I start you off with something to drink?” He looked down, his eyes being totally cut off by Mr. Novak’s bright blue eyes looking up at him. Dean immediately took a step back, planning a quick escape, but then shaking his head. “Dean?” Mr. Novak’s eyes sparkled up at him with confusion, and perhaps a tint of worry. “Hi Mr. Novak.” Dean shyly looked to the ground, swallowing roughly.
“Uh, w-well, uh- nevermind, noth… nothing.” Dean turned around to go back to his car but Cas grabbed his shoulder and turned him around. “I… I’m sorry to inter-interrupt.” Gabe took a step towards him. “You aren’t interrupting. What’s wrong?” Gabe reached over and grabbed the sleeping Sam out of Dean’s arms and went into the apartment, leaving Cas and Dean alone.
Dean had just turned on his heel to leave, to go drive his car somewhere that he could just sleep for the night and reconvene in the morning. His dad would at least be passed out, hopefully somewhere dead by then. That’s when Cas’s front door opened, letting out all the light, and shining it right onto Dean.
There was a crash from upstairs, and they all looked at each other. They lifted their arms again, all pushing up the stairs. The house was eerily quiet, and absolutely abandoned. There hadn’t been people in this house for years. It felt dark, too. He could feel all of it.
The silence settled in heavily, and Dean wanted to break it but everytime he tried, his throat would swell up and he would get all flustered. Mr. Novak gave a quick, bright smile towards Dean and Dean gave a half-hearted one back, trying his hardest. Mr. Novak took it gracefully, but when he went to go sit back at his desks, images of the boy’s soft, scarred skin kept popping into his head that he could not seem to shake out.
“Dean.” He kept saying, voice soft, just feeling Dean’s warmth. He kneeled down and grabbed the bottom of Dean’s shirt, lifting it up. It revealed the new scar from the knife that his father had left on him and Cas ran his fingertips over it.
It didn’t get better after a minute and he stood back up to see if that would help but it didn’t. His world spun even worse and he desperately closed his eyes while he was standing.
“You have to go to Cas’s. He knows where we live, he’ll drive by later to make sure you’re not there with us. Cas is the only one who’s house has that private parking. You need to go there.” Dean nodded, going over the couch to grab Sam. He grabbed his little body quickly, and clutched it to his chest.
Cas was driving insufferably slow and careful, one because he didn’t want to jostle Sam around in the back, two, because this wasn’t his car, and three, the most important reason, he wanted to have as much time with Dean as he could possibly get. Cas hopes with every encounter, he is one step closer to helping Dean.
“I am not from Heaven. I was born on Earth. I do have powers. We live longer than normal humans, but we can also get sick. It’s not that likely though because we could just heal ourselves.” Cas just had to be honest and get straight to the point.
“What, um… happy ones did you see in mine?” Dean requested, making sure to emphasize that he was only asking for the happy ones. Cas thought for a second.
“He gave me something. Something called an angel blade. Told me that I would need it and that it was courtesy of angels themselves. That was actually the first time I’d ever heard of or even really thought about angels.” Cas’s heart stopped, fear striking his heart at how this demon had targeted Dean. What was it about Dean? Why was Dean so involved in this angel/demon army? Cas knew it had to be something to do with him.
“Dean, don’t be scared. Please. It would kill me.” Dean’s heart was beating out of his chest. Cas took a cautious step towards Dean, but when he saw Dean’s face he stopped immediately. That’s when a crashing noise from the house caught their attention, and they both turned towards it.
He started the car and left as fast as he possibly could without drawing too much attention to himself. Thoughts were running a million miles through his head. Why had his father driven over more than an hour to look for Dean? He told Dean over and over again that he never wanted to see him again and Dean was just a mistake, so why would he come looking for him?
“Dean?” Cas called and Dean hopped into the kitchen. Sammy ran forward and grabbed Dean’s legs, trying to pull himself up. Dean laughed as Cas leaned over and gave Dean a kiss on the cheek. They had been happy for awhile and today was the day they officially moved in. Dean’s lease was up, and here they were, all together.
“I don’t know.” Dean averted his eyes back out the window as Cas drove. “What…” Dean trailed off for a second, pausing to collect his thoughts. “What are you going to do?” Cas smiled gently at the thought of Dean wanting to spend another day with him.
They put Sam to bed and they went to spend some more time alone together. That’s when there was a little bump.
“Dean, let’s get one thing straight.” Dean pulled his face out to look at Cas, and Cas’s heart broke at his teary eyes and blotchy face. “You are not a burden. You are not a financial burden. Your worries are my worries. Your happiness is my happiness. And your tears, are my tears. I need you to know that.” Dean nodded, his lip wobbling again.
“It’s chicken noodle soup. Are you hungry? I can take it back if you aren’t-” Dean cut him off. “I’m fine, don’t.. trouble yourself anymore.” Dean couldn’t eat; at this point he felt too sick to even move. Cas swallowed the lump in his throat, digging his nails into his own palm to try to keep himself from falling apart. Cas went over and closely examined the bruise on Dean’s face. Dean took in a deep breath as Mr. Novak’s fingers trailed along the edge of his face at his hairline, and he almost screamed when he traced his fingers across the black and blue.
Little Sam’s arms were wrapped tightly around Dean’s neck, not letting go. “Daddy,” Dean cringed at the wail and rocked him back and forth. “I don’t wanna go, please.” The begs were heartbreaking and Dean almost got back in his car and drove both of them back to the apartment, but Dean knew he couldn’t do that.
Bobby choked back a laugh. “Your English teacher? Boy, you are certainly a hoot. How old is he?!” The humor in Bobby’s voice relaxed Dean considerably. “He’s… on the younger side, but older than twenty two I’m pretty sure. I know, I certainly am a… hoot.” Dean responded, soft smile on his face.
“Can I get you guys something to drink?” He pulled out his notepad and his pen, biting his lip. Mr. Novak uncertainly asked for a water, and the short, brown-haired man he was with asked for a beer. Dean nodded graciously, practically gnawing his bottom lip with anxiety. Dean got the order immediately, just wanting to get the awkward confrontations over with. Dean shook himself off, knowing that he needed the tips so he had to suck up. He grabbed the tray with the water and the beer, getting into a different frame of mind.
He heard Dean turn on the sink, presumably to wash his face, and Cas waited with his breath caught in his throat. Dean filled a cup of water, and drank it all, trying to hydrate himself a little before he had to go face Cas. He cursed himself for acting like this, when he could have acted like everything was fine. He could have just come in and said that he wanted to sleep over, or he could have left and slept in his car. This is absolutely not what he wanted. Dean took a deep breath and turned off the sink, and walked to the door. He set his hand on it, cautiously turning it.
The last thing Cas saw was a small knife plunging into Dean’s side. That scared him right out of Dean’s memories. He gasped in a deep breath, gripping the area where Dean had been stabbed with an intensity that scared him. When he came to, he saw Dean running out of the room. That was enough to send panic through Cas and he quickly scribbled on the board that the next periods could have study halls. And then he ran after Dean.
Dean threw his head back and laughed. “Yeah, I sure hope my soulmate’s name is Cookie Nonster. That would be fun. Now let’s get your bag all packed up so we can go get you to school.”
“Class dismissed.” Dean’s head snapped up and everybody was out of the room in a blink. Dean lazily packed his stuff up and made his way over to Cas’s desk where he sat and wrote some notes down.
“Dean! Good to hear your voice. I’m in town- Market Street, right now, and I’m tracking a demon named Crowley. Heard he’s been causing trouble around here, making a ton of deals. At least six in the last month. Have you heard anything?”
“Thank you, Gabe.” Dean spoke tenderly, and Gabe smiled. “Of course Dean. I’ll see you guys later, okay?” They said their goodbyes and soon Gabe was gone, and Dean was curled up in Cas’s bed. Cas went and checked on Sam one more time after cleaning the kitchen up after Gabe and himself.
“Can do.” He mumbled, wanting to reach forward and touch Mr. Novak’s hand. He knew that was a bad idea, though. He would just have to get through this like any other normal, teenager. But Dean was anything but normal.
Ellen cut him off. “Of course I can watch Sam, I love this little bundle of sunshine.” She kissed his forehead and held him close to her before letting him down.  “I’ll go start some dinner for all you boys.” Sam followed her back into the kitchen, probably hoping for some sweet treats when Bobby came in.
“My brother Michael has been leading my brother, Gabriel, and I to try and stop Lucifer. We weren’t even exactly sure what he was doing until we saw what happened last night. He is building an army of demons, but we aren’t sure why. Michael is getting in touch with the other nephilims in the area to see if they’ve heard anything. Gabriel is researching the actual demons, summoning any he can to talk to them. I am dealing with Dean. I need to know why he got so sick last night, and why a demon named Crowley gave him an angel blade.” Cas was straight to the point, but the others in the room just sat and stared at him.
“And… something weird is going on, with me, and with you and with whoever Lucifer is and I’m worried it’s going to get me or you hurt or worse even Sammy getting involved and I can’t even wrap my head around the fact that so many demons are involved-”
Dean suddenly remembered that Sam was at Charlie’s house, and it was becoming increasingly late. He shifted in his seat, knowing that his phone was back at the diner and he couldn’t even call Charlie to tell her that he would be there soon to pick him up.
Dean hurried back to the kitchen and checked on Sam real quick, who was sitting with his coloring book on the counter and pretty much minding his own business except for the occasional question. Dean sighed in relief for what had felt like the millionth time today, and checked the clock. Ten more minutes until he was out of here. He straightened up and continued on, pushing himself for those last ten minutes before his shift was over.
“What… what memories did you see?” Dean finally got out, and Cas pulled into the parking lot of a restaurant and turned off the car. He turned to look at Dean, and by the look on his face, Dean had practically already gotten his answer.
“Fine by me, darlin’s.” Ellen hopped back to the kitchen, checking to make sure Dean was alright before leaving him there. Cas sat down at the table that Jo showed them to, when his eyes caught a familiar body leaning over a chair in what looked to be a very uncomfortable position. He could tell by the way his body was lying, and hell just by the contours that it was Dean.
“Like… like what?” Dean looked down at Sammy. “Just…” He could barely even talk; his mind was screaming at him to stop, to stop talking right this instant and run because that’s all he’s ever known, but something willed him to stay. “My mom died about a month after Sam was born, and my father-” He shuttered to call that man his own family. “-didn’t take it well.” Cas grabbed Dean’s wrist and dragged him down on the couch with him. “Dean has your father ever hurt you?” Dean looked the other way towards Sam, not opening his mouth.
Dean was mumbling in his sleep, and although Cas couldn’t hear the whole thing, he got bits and pieces. He heard Sam’s name, and he heard Dad, but that was about all he could get. He decided he had to end this.
“Dean, I-I… have a question.” Mr. Novak started, even though he had no idea what he was going to say. Dean looked up and nodded, clenching his jaw a little bit.
“Come on.” Jo drove them to move quickly and they followed close behind. All of them had never seen anything like that before. They all knew that demons were dark, and that nothing made that kind of light. The closer they got, the worse Dean began to feel about everything. Dean started to lag behind.
The ride to the diner was quiet, as Dean thought about exactly what was going to happen. Scenario after scenario went through his head, almost taunting him, telling him he was going to lose the only family he’d ever had. Sam had fallen back asleep in his carrier, and Dean’s heart leapt into his throat when Cas had turned around briefly to check on him.
“You okay, Dean?” Bobby asked, starting the car and pulling out of the parking lot. Dean sighed heavily. “I don’t know…” Dean responded, closing his eyes. “Was Karen your soulmate?” Bobby was blindsided by the question.
Breakfast… well, more like lunch, was amazing. Dean hadn’t had a homemade breakfast like that in forever. Sam was so happy, and Cas had “slipped him” extra chocolate chips. Sam had been up since 8, and Cas got up with him. They spent the morning playing with the bag of toys Dean had brought to Charlie’s the night before, eating granola bars, and then they started to cook breakfast for Dean. Dean liked seeing them together, but it was scary. It was uncomfortably scary. Around 3, after they’d watched a movie and a couple of tv shows, Sam was sleepy enough that Dean could put him down for a nap without any problems.
“Dean!” Charlie called, running over and jumping on his back. “Hi Charlie.” He shook her off his back, putting her softly on the ground. “I got you a granola bar. Sorry it couldn’t be more.” Dean smiled gratefully.
He walked into his classroom, clenching his teeth when he was the only one there. “Good morning,” Mr. Novak spoke, looking down at his papers. Dean took a sharp intake of air. “Hi Mr. Novak.”
“I’m okay.” Dean nodded, swishing his mouth out to get rid of the taste of his sickness. They felt Dean’s head, probing to see if he was running a fever or felt flush. Once he checked out and everything seemed okay, they decided to move on.
Dean lifted his hand and put it in Cas’s hair, a gesture to show how much love he had. “Maybe you should just live here anyway. You wouldn’t have to pay rent and we could put Sam’s bed in my office.” Dean pulled back at that.
“You wanna sleep with me tonight, Sammy?” Dean softly asked, and Sam curled up in Dean’s chest, cuddling him tightly. “Alright buddy, go back to sleep.” But Dean wouldn’t sleep for at least another two hours, just relishing the fact that Sam was safe, in his arms, because Dean never knew if he would be ripped away from him.
“Not heal… uh- just, be there-” Dean let out an awkward laugh. “Nevermind. I don’t know where I’m going with this.” Cas smiled faintly at him, starting to understand.
“There’ve been some electrical disturbances about twenty minutes away. We’re thinking about going just to see what happens. Just a recon mission. Hopefully we’ll catch one and be able to interrogate it.” Ellen was so practical and Dean admired her so much.
He had looked at way too many books and he had to take a break. He also needed money for the week. So he went to work.
“Cas?!” It was more of a demand, and not a question. Cas looked over at his brothers to make sure none of them were going to try something. He looked back over at Dean and sent him a look that practically screamed ‘get out of here’. He desperately wanted to go to Dean, to grab him and to get him as far away from here as he possibly could, but he could not leave this. This was too dire.
This was risky, because if Dean caught him they would have to have a very awkward conversation about boundaries. Cas really, really didn’t want to do that and he knew that the whole “watching you while you sleep” thing is definitely better than the whole “I’m a nephilim” thing. Cas knew that Dean would freak out, so he’d have to handle the situation very delicately.
“No need to get an attitude with me. We’re all confused. What were you doing there last night?” Ellen kept going, and Dean felt guilt settle in his body about how he talked to her.
“Well…” Cas could see the cogs turning in Dean’s brain, trying to decide how much he could trust Cas, and Cas desperately hoped he would tell him.
Cas looked at Dean’s face, soaking it all in. He could count every single freckle on Dean’s face and when he finished, just start over. He wanted to reach over, to brush his thumb over Dean’s lips and feel him.
to avoid telling Cas what had happened. He felt the guilt, felt the shame, felt everything Dean had felt from the minute he had showed up on his doorstep, to right now. Where he felt scared. And ashamed.
Charlie sighed. “Okay, Dean. Whatever you think. Want to go pick up Sammy? I could use a ride home.” Dean smiled. “Now that, I can do. Let’s go.”
“Oh Gabriel he is the bravest person I have ever had the honor of meeting. Despite all of these setbacks, he manages to have so much kindness and empathy in him, filled with warmth and love and hope, and he’s such a good father-” Gabriel cut Cas off with a gasp.
“Angels. What a joke.” They walked back to the car together in silence. “We’ll get him next time.” Bobby spoke, but Dean was left with the feeling that something good wasn’t coming.
“I’m so sorry you had to deal with that, Dean. I felt how scared you were. What…” Cas took in a deep breath, trying to control himself. “What you thought he would do to you if he found you.” Dean shuddered, remembering that as well.
“I touched Dean.” Gabe’s face lit up but it got considerably more concerned when Cas’s tone of voice registered. “And…?” Gabe prodded. “You don’t like him?”
He was terribly nervous to see Castiel tonight because he didn’t know if it was a date or not. He sat and debated for about a whole hour what he should wear. After that long debate, he just decided that he should wear his uniform in case Ellen wants him to work after. His uniform was a black long sleeve shirt, black pants, and a white apron.
The wind whips around him and then Dean finds himself looking down a pair of dark patent shoes. He looks up at the familiar trench coat and the sad twist in Cas’s mouth and feels his heart start to beat again. “Cas, you're alive?”
Cas grabs him by the hips and flips their positions, kissing Dean senseless instead. Dean gasps, still fumbling with the buckle. Once it's undone he reaches for the zip on the slacks, sliding it down before grabbing Cas's dick through his boxers.
“My father’s business partner," She says, smiling with all her teeth. "Lucifer, I believe he calls himself."
Out of habit, Dean decides to walk Cerberus hoping the fresh air will clear his head. Castiel confuses the fuck out of him sometimes. Dean doesn't know how to explain how they went from enemies to friends to what lovers? Fuck buddies? It's all so mixed up. Dean has no clue why the fell into bed together in the first place. Sure there's been some sexual tension, but Castiel doesn't like Dean like that, right? Maybe that's why he left?
"Your contract," Castiel says, pulling out a stack of paper and his silver pen. "If you truly want out of the deal, I'll rip these up right now."
Castiel sighs, “Unfortunately. First time being arrested too, he keeps making dumb jokes to show he's not freaking out inside.”
He walks across the street to Seraphim and for once doesn’t scoff at the name. Balthazar thought he was oh so clever naming his scummy L.A. bar after a choir of angels. Like the idea was so original. His fucking ego makes the A-listers look modest, but the club is cheap and doesn’t ask questions. Meg of course adores the place for that simple reason.
Lowering the window Dean clear's his throat. It only takes another handful of seconds before he almost sends the car into the curb, he course corrects. The guy, faintly chuckling beside him. Has he ever successfully flirted with someone in his goddamn life? He can't remember. Fuck this guy is messing with his head. "What's your name anyway?"
Castiel opens his mouth probably to tease Dean some more when Jo shows up. Dean doesn't see his foster sister much these days. They've both been to busy since she started grad school, so it’s usually amazing to catch her when she’s working. But he almost wishes she'd go away right now.
"Clearly it's Sam’s sparkling personality," Eileen says, looking at Sam with a sappy look on her face. Sam smiles back, looking happier than he has in months. Dean adds getting Eileen her body back as soon as possible. To their already insane list of impossible tasks. Sam deserves to look that happy for the rest of his life.
Dean nods, running his fingers through Cas’s hair as they come down from their endorphin high. He sighs when Cas pulls out and ties off the condom. “I’m going to put this in the trash. You know where the wipes are.”
Castiel shrugs. “I knew you weren’t from New York but I had no way of knowing what information was true and what wasn’t.”
“Claire told me.” Charlie says reassuringly, “She came in to get her paperwork and then grabbed me and told me how you took her deal.”
Dean swallows heavily, Cas's honesty feeling like a punch to the gut. "You really want to be stuck with me for the rest of your life?"
Castiel sighs stretching his arms over his head. "We'll charge double, not like they'll notice." Meg laughs, her eyebrows raising as she looks down the highway.  From behind him a car engine purrs and coughs. Almost hitting the curb.
"You'll do fine Bela," Hannah says as they pull into the driveway. "Jody is a great woman, she'll keep you safe."
“I know. You don't want to imagine the things I’ve arrested people for.” Cas sighs like he's shaking off the bad memories. “Thankfully I’m not working tomorrow night.”
“Dean,” Castiel says glaring at him through the bars. Dean glares back, searching Castiel's eyes, for any trace of fear or defeat. “I’m lighting the fucking match over that thing, even if it’s the last thing I do.”
Castiel smiles, his eyes crinkling as he makes his way towards Dean. Dean leans into his space, not yet touching. "So, you didn't achieve inner peace?" Castiel teases, sliding his hands up beside Deans on the barrier.
Claire sighs and begins to roll up her sleeve, “I made a deal.” She says, revealing the soul brand on her left wrist.
“So, I’ve basically blabbed at least half of my life story and you’ve given me nothing in return. It's not fair man, especially because I’m curious.”
"We never finished our conversation earlier; I'm telling you it's yes." He says, looking into Cas eyes as realisation dawns on them. A wide smile splits his faces, taking years off him. Deans never seem Cas look that happy before.
Cas flinches, proving Dean right without a single fucking word. "Godammit Castiel! I thought we were trying to get past this."
Castiel shakes his head, unsure why the guy is being so difficult. With a suit like his, it's not like ten bucks would be a hardship. "I can do anything I want to stud. I ain't lost.”
“Good!” Dean says popping the trunk, revealing what seems to be another duffel filled with clothes and an emergency road repair kit shoved into the back. Castiel raises his eyebrow failing to see what was so arrest worthy inside. That is until Dean lifts the false bottom.
“Maybe,” Castiel says, trying to hide his relief at Dean still being here behind a smirk. “What’s it do?”
Dean shrugs, taking the glass out of Castiel’s hand and downing the drink. Eyes locked with Castiel’s affronted gaze. "I suppose we should," He says, placing the glass on the table.
The secretary raises an eyebrow. “Well then are you legally responsible for the person who made the deal?”
Dean laughs. “Is your brother Gabriel?” he asks, remembering stories Sam told him about an older Slytherin boy that got him sent to detention more often than was to be expected.
Cas sighs, leaning against Dean's side so they can look at the notebook together. The page he's opened on is more creased than the others. Like Cas has lingered on it more than once. Dean is in awe the second he looks down. On the page is something worthy  of being worshipped. Cas's true face is sketched in the centre like a mask. His eyes empty and vast. From his head sprouts a halo but it's nothing like Dean once assumed. It's solid, made of bone and larger than Cas's whole face. Cas's body is less certain, it looks like a sheet but it could be light for all Dean knows. What's most striking is the wings framing the portrait and filling the sides on the page. Cas has filled them in black, darker than the night sky.
“So, sleep in separate beds,” Dean says because now is the wrong time to remind him that his kids got a sex life.
From the corner of the room Rowena beings to chant, Sam watching her every move. Dean bites his lip, there's something about this mans voice that sends shivers down his spine. It almost sounds familiar. Gabriel doesn’t look away from the screen.
“Yeah, okay,” Cas says frowning at Dean. he gets into the truck and turns on the radio. They both pretend that’s the reason they aren't speaking to each other.
“Yeah, Dean I know and believe me I get it. I’d be terrified of deals too, but you can’t keep holding it against an entire race.” Charlie says reasonably.
“Yeah, yeah, whatever you say, Deputy. You gonna throw me in jail for giving your house some protection?”
"Actually, that will be your job," Castiel says, smirking as Dean stands up. His tail lazily swaying back and forth as he shrugs, "Part of it anyway."
Castiel moans at the pet name, his hands gripping Deans wings tight pulling him back onto his cock. Dean whines, scrabbling at the sheets, a stream of curses pouring out of his mouth as Castiel pounds into him. Using his grip on his wings, Castiel pulls Dean upright, spearing him with his cock. Deans back pressed up against his chest. Dean grins, grabbing his horns as Castiel wraps his hand around Deans cock.
"You’re really human," Sam says, clearly not thinking straight and making Dean chock on his coffee. Seriously sometimes Sam is a subtle as two bricks to the face. Cas raised an eyebrow, tapping his mug with his nail and watching Sam like he's a crazy person. Sam slaps his forehead. "Sorry that came out weird - long drive."
The band returns more energetic than ever, the cute blonde drummer coming down to pick up the bowl. "Okay let’s see what we got here," Dean says, grinning into the mic. He chuckles reading the selection, "Oh Jo you're going to love this one," The band crowds in as Dean passes the sheet between the four of them and the blonde girl - presumably Jo - fist pumps the air. Dean picks up the bass and they start playing
Even their fucking doorway screams money. Dean has to use a solid iron knocker just to let them know he's here. Wondering how Rowena bribed her partners into picking something so Celtic. It probably involved things Dean doesn't want to consider with his brother involved. Shaking his head to clear the image, Dean looks up as Gabriel opens the door. He's wearing a bathrobe and boxers, his golden hair and wings rumpled.
The lawyer didn't even seem surprised that Dean didn't want it. He looked around Dean’s motel of the week with clear disdain, but he still signed over the deed, claiming Dean could do whatever he wanted with it. Just as long as his grandmother's beloved mares were taking care of.
"I assume that this is your transport, yes?" Dean nods. "Excellent, I'd like to see your lodgings. It's to my understanding that they've changed much these past few centuries.”
Dean shoves at his shoulder. “Shut up and pass me some shampoo. I think I’ve got grass in my hair.” Castiel passes him the bottle and for a second their shower almost feels chaste. Domestic, even. They just clean themselves, occasionally looking at the way gravedirt and mud slide down the other’s skin. Baiting each other with a raised eyebrow or a smile, to see who will reach out first.
"Half the reason I hate Christmas movies is because they are almost always about couples. This is the first year I haven't been single over Christmas. Hell, last year I got dumped over a Thanksgiving Turkey." Dean sighs, shrugging a little. "This is the first year I've had a happy relationship. Maybe I won't find them so sickening."
Castiel shakes his head, patting along Dean's arms. “I figured that. I was just asking what school you're in?”
Castiel sighs angrily and throws the commandments down in a huff. “What do you actually know about Raphael?” He asks suddenly, rifling through his piles to unearth a notebook. “Which side do you think they’ll likely decide upon.”
"Yeah," Sam sighs, blinking in surprise when Cas takes Deans hand. A small smile forming on his face despite the topic. "Amara's back Dean and she's coming here."
“Dean me and you both know this has jackshit to do with your cases and everything to do with your dad,” Charlie says as if Deans told her about his fathers deal.
"Oh," Dean says, he had known logically that Castiel might have thought about then this way but it still stings.
"Shut the fuck up." Dean gasps, pushing hard at Castiel’s chest so he's flattened against the bed. His fingers slipping free being an unfortunate side effect. Dean takes it in his stride, searching for Castiel’s dick so he can position it between his legs.
"Will do," Dean says smiling softly, thumping Sam's shoulder. “I’m going to go to pack a bag. Meet me at the car in 20."
Charlie knows her way around a computer and made sure all the tripwires wouldn't pick him up. So Dean took his time. He normally wasn't one for museums, Sam often wandered the halls of places like this. Claiming it was for nostalgic reasons, but Dean didn't get it. He lost his mortality in the Seven-Years’ War, and it was barely a blip in comparison to the wars to come. These places glorified them. Often stacked with war memorabilia and uniforms. It always left him feeling pissed off. Here he is a walking, talking monster, but humans surprise him with their brutality.
"So you’re in dozens of towns every month, meeting dozens of new people, all while being a hero. I'm just a deputy."
Dean sighs, he wants to tell her about the kind of hostility he’s going into here. About how Sam’s wedding guests are gonna judge him, or worse - pity him. All because he was born a fucking Squib. He wants to tell her everything, but just because he's not a wizard doesn't mean he doesn't have to play by their rules. So instead he says, “It's December, Charlie. Do you know how cold Ireland gets in fucking December.”
Dean grits his teeth, not denying a damn thing as his face gets hotter. He knows he's got a thing for helping people out. On the road, he meets a lot of runaways, a lot of desperate kids trying to get away from a bad situation. Dean tends to buy them a coffee, give them some numbers when he knows people in the area. Trying to do for them what Bobby did for him decades ago. He's even helped some kids get home if that's what they want. Krissy still texts him since he brought her back to her dads three years ago. It's not a big deal, but Charlie likes to poke fun at him about it. She says it's a hilarious contradiction when you look at his mysterious stranger vibe. Because Charlie is insane like that. Still, Dean knows he does have a soft spot, he just didn't realise it now extended to kittens.
"I'm sure you have," Dean says staring down at where the guy's package is straining against the leather. Fuck he is not making it out of this car alive.
Castiel moans, a challenge sparkling to life in his eyes. "ты будешь моей смертью." He says, before planting his feet and thrusting up.
Nancy let’s go of her rosary beads and looks down at the desk. “Um…. Here are his booking papers, Deputy Whitmore.” Doug jumps, looking appalled at the idea of booking this guy.
Castiel turns his away from him, watching the kettle instead. Breathing shallowly, he realises the room smells like springtime instead of his cinnamon incense. “You’re not human, are you?” Castiel asks as the kettle starts to squeal.
Dean smiles softly. “Because I could never hurt you.” He says with such sincerity that Castiel sits, despite his better judgement.
"That’s smart of you Dean," Amara says, smiling at him. God, he hates it when she does that. "I wouldn't believe me either. Even if Chuck did erase reality completely it's only a matter of time before he begins again. Like I said he's always bored. I would only have to put up with his sulking for a few centuries or so before I got to explore all the worlds again."
"Not for you, no," Castiel says making his way over to Dean’s personal space. Dean watches him with wide eyes. Castiel has never met a client who lets a hundred bucks go to waste like this. He sits himself down on the footstool and puts his hands on Dean’s spread legs. Letting Dean see what he’s missing right now.
Jack grins at him. And Dean takes a moment to assess him. He's clearly happy and well-fed. He feels comfortable talking to adults and smiles easily. It's a good sign. If Dean agreed to testify he'd be happy to see it. Now it just makes his chest ache. Jack doesn't seem to notice the strain on Deans face as he grabs Deans hand and drags him over to a woman sitting in a booth. She smiles at them both, her blue eyes the spitting image of her sons.
He so desperately wanted to heal him, but he did not want to scare him. That was the last thing on his mind, and if Dean saw Cas’s grace right now, he would definitely be scared. Castiel was not as talented as his brothers, either, so when he healed someone, a bright blue light would surround his hands.
When Mr. Novak heard Dean’s voice, his eyes shot up. They made brief eye contact before Dean had to look away, too afraid to blush. He’d never been shy like this, but when it came to Mr. Novak, he could barely even speak.
Ellen ran out with a glass of ice water, and Dean took sips of it to get the taste out of his mouth. Sammy was now awake and sitting at the chair next to Dean, and Dean sighed and laid his head down on the table, again. His everything throbbed and ached and he just wanted to sleep. “Do you think you can drive home by yourself, Dean?” Ellen rubbed his back comfortingly, and Dean stood up on his shaky feet. “Yeah,” But as he went to go get Sammy, he stumbled and had to hold on to the tables.
Gabriel cut him off. “It’s okay, Cas, he definitely doesn’t know what you are. No chance.” Gabriel sounded sure of himself, but Castiel sat next to him.
He reached up and lightly set his fingers on Mr. Novak’s, and in the blink of an eye, he was somewhere else.
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean, holding him close. “I’m here for you, Dean.” Cas whispered against his hair, nuzzling his face in it. Dean slowly and finally calmed down, still embracing Mr. Novak as if it were the last person he was ever going to hug. Cas would whispered soothing words, and eventually, Dean stopped crying. He cleared his throat and pulled out from Cas’s arms, and he went to grab his backpack, but Mr. Novak grabbed his wrist.
“I-I,” Dean started, and Mr. Novak immediately looked up, knowing that this was the first time he’s ever really heard Dean’s voice. “I would like to read the book you have on the shelf over there… would you mind if I borrowed it?” Dean’s voice was quiet and soft, but Mr. Novak couldn’t help the grin that spread across his face when he heard it. “I would love to let you borrow it. It’s one of my favorites.” Mr. Novak hopped up and went over to grab To Kill a Mocking Bird and handed it to Dean without a hesitation. “Perhaps you could even keep it if you like it enough. I’ll leave it up to you.” A real smile perked up on Dean’s face, and Mr. Novak would tell you any day, that smile is still burned into his mind.
Cas smiled a little bit. “Yeah. People call me Jimmy because it’s my middle name. Castiel is my first name.”
“My name is Jo. What’s yours?” She stuck her hand out to Cas, and he happily took it. “Castiel. Very nice to meet you, Jo.”
“There are many nephilims living among humans. Angels, however, rarely live among humans and really only come to Earth to create nephilims. My father was an angel, but he lived here. One of the only ones to ever do that.” Cas tried to be as open with Dean as he possibly could be.
He waited until two in the morning, a time that Gabriel ensured Castiel was perfect. Cas couldn’t stop his nerves, worried about too many things. What if Dean was awake? What if Dean woke up while he was healing him? What if he thought he was being attacked? The last thing Cas wants to do is scare Dean.
Everything suddenly made sense; this was why Dean lived with his little brother in a small apartment, and why he had a job, and why he was always bruised and always looking so hurt. “You shouldn’t have to do this by yourself Dean. You don’t deserve this.” This caught Dean’s attention and he turned his head to face him. “What?” Dean asked again, knowing that he couldn’t have heard that correctly. Sam didn’t deserve this, no, but Dean definitely did.
“And that might be a little much, so I hope I meet my soulmate later in life.” Sam nodded, looking like he understood. Dean couldn’t imagine the horror his soulmate would feel after he saw what Dean had been through. Speaking of that, Dean made a mental note that he had to restock the first aid kit in his apartment because he hasn’t since the last time he needed stitches.
“Get him in here.” Bobby growled out, his gruff voice almost triggering Dean. Dean hopped off his seat, heart beating wildly in his chest. He peeked his head out the door and found Cas sitting on the bench outside the restaurant with his head in his hands.
“I know. That was horrifying. I have never seen him look like that. If Dad was here-” Castiel took a sharp breath in and decided not to finish that sentence. “What are we going to do? What happened after?”
The ride to the Diner was short, and Ellen was surprised when Dean walked through the door. “Hi Sugar!” Ellen greeted, shaking her head. “You aren’t supposed to work today! What brings you in?”
“I’m sorry.” Dean wept, trying so hard to control himself. Cas’s arms wrapped around him tighter, and Cas simply shook his head. He did not understand what was going on.
Dean almost cheered when the clock struck eight p.m., and he took off his apron. “Have a good night, Dean!” The owner and the chef, Ellen, shouted out to Dean as Dean packed up all of Sam’s stuff. “You too Ellen! Same time tomorrow?” Dean heard a commotion and then she was suddenly in front of him. “Yep! Every night, you need anything? Any food?” Ellen had practically keeping Dean alive since they had gotten out of their father’s house. “I think we’re good. We’re all stocked up at home. Thanks though.” Ellen nodded and waved him off, laughing and bidding her farewell.
Dean woke up about twenty minutes later, head pressed against the table and his eyes aching. His stomach churned, and he immediately knew that he was going to get sick. He quickly stood up, placing the sleepy Sam on the chair, and running to the trash can before getting sick. This grabbed the attention of Cas as his head swung over and looked at the hunched Dean over the trashcan, gripping his stomach. Before he could run over, Jo ran over and put both hands around Dean and helped him to the table.
Cas quietly made his way towards Dean’s bedroom, pushing open the door. He could hear Dean’s soft breathing, but felt something off in the air. The atmosphere felt cool and he could feel the fear in Dean.
“No fucking way.” Bobby stretched his back and let out a laugh. “He just healed my back! My damn back! Been hurtin’ me for twenty years!” Dean couldn’t help but laugh at it, and the atmosphere in the room immediately changed. There was a lighter feeling, and Dean could tell it wasn’t going to be as bad as he thought. Cas sent him a look that said
Dean scrunched his face up, mocking him. “Well, fine, but if you get lost don’t come crying to me!” They both laughed and it felt so natural and familiar. Dean said goodbye again, getting in his car, and going to lay down for a little bit. He hoped that Castiel didn’t see what had happened last night, but he could really only hope.
Dean, coming back to his senses, realized where he was and what type of trouble this could get him into. He immediately pulled back, looking around the room, and deciding that running was the best idea. “I- Dean muttered, pulling all the way out of Mr. Novak’s arms. “-have to go.” And with that, Dean was out of Cas’s office, leaving a more than worried Cas making plans on what his next move was going to be.
Sam squirmed in the seat of the cart, and Dean gently picked him up and set him on the ground next to him. “Keep up with me.” Dean kept walking, Sam ran after him. “Can we have cupcakes?” Sam asked hopefully, and Dean mentally went over the money. “I dunno, maybe, we’ll see at the end, okay?” Sam disappointedly followed him, and Dean couldn’t find the heart to tell him that they probably wouldn’t have enough money to get cupcakes.
A violent shiver climbed his spine as he took in the surroundings of his room. This was Castiel’s room, his english teacher, his soulmate’s room. Dean had been sleeping in his bed. Panic bubbled up in his stomach and he blinked hot tears away from his eyes as he lowered himself back to the bed. His head was pounding with his heart and the room spun around a bit as he tried to settle himself.
“Yes of course, right away.” Dean tried his hardest to sound cheerful, and was actually quite successful because he always got good tips… or maybe it was because he’s cute. Didn’t matter to Dean as long as he was getting the money.
On the farthest side of the wall, it was covered in pictures and newspaper clippings, with yarn tied all around. It looked like chaos. Dean was watchful of every single move Bobby made, somewhat suspicious. He had never seen Bobby act like this before, but maybe he was just tired. Or he really had come across something that needed to be taken care of right away.
“I, uhm, fell down and scraped my arms this weekend. But they’re okay.” He lied through his teeth and although Mr. Novak wanted to believe him, he couldn’t quite make himself. He inched his way towards Dean.
They picked Sam up at Charlie’s at around eleven p.m., and got to Cas’s about ten minutes later. Sam had fallen asleep at Charlie’s so Dean carried him to the car and then carried him into Cas’s house. It was just as Dean had seen in Cas’s memories. It was a fair size, all modern and painted white.
“Thank you so much,” Dean sucked up as much as he could, hoping that this would both avoid questioning later on and maybe have a nice tip. Mr. Novak shook his head, smiling up at Dean. “No no, thank you Dean.” Dean hopped off, asking Sam what was wrong and going to put in the order.
They both needed him to get over this separation anxiety; and well, he needed a high school education, especially with a little one in the house.
“Are you gonna come?” Dean asked, and Cas looked at him funnily. “Oh come on, you haven’t slept yet and it’s almost 6am. It will be a lot better if you come and sleep in your bed.” Dean actually just kind of wanted to lay in bed with him.
i moved into college so i won't be updating as much but i literally love this story way too much to leave it!!! thank you so much for all your comments!!
“Bye baby, be safe. Don’t go home tonight, go somewhere else. Maybe Cas’s. He’ll look at ours. Lock up behind yourself.” Ellen kissed Dean’s cheek and pushed him out the door. Dean rushed to the car and strapped Sam into his kiddie seat. “Daddy? What’s going on?”
Saturday morning came around and Dean grabbed Sammy and went immediately to the library. He grabbed everything he could about angels, angel folklore, biblical folklore, anything. He even grabbed a copy of the bible. He almost went as far as buying a crucifix, just to have it. The thought of angels scared him.
“Well what, Ellen? I already told you. He’s a nephilim. You’re going to have to be more specific than that.” Dean was getting a little snappy, and Ellen drew back a little bit with the look on her face.
“My mom is a human. My father is…” Cas trailed off, trying to put things more delicately. He wasn’t gonna get there, though. “Well, he’s an angel. They gave birth to four kids, and we’re all nephilims.”
“Dean, you can answer me. You’re completely safe here.” Dean swallowed the lump in his throat and tried to stop the tears from even filling his eyes. “Dean…” Cas tried to talk as softly and as calmly as he could- he just wanted Dean to open up so he could help. “Did your father leave that bruise on you earlier this week?” Dean, still looking the other way, nodded before he could even think about what he should answer with. Cas drawled in a sharp breath.
When Dean and Bobby walked into the room they were met with Ellen, Jo, and Garth crowded around one laptop. The look on their faces told him that absolutely nothing good was going to come from this night. He wouldn’t be surprised if he were covered in bruises and cuts tomorrow morning.
Castiel saw too much. He saw the bruises, the cuts, the demons, the vampires, the ghosts, and then he saw a baby. He felt what it was like to be a father, struggle to make rent, not being able to eat because he didn’t have money, having to run from his father. He felt the panic and fear and doubt that he had in himself and the world. He went through every panic attack, every beating, and he could not snap himself out of it. He just had to keep watching.
He sat on the edge of the bed, setting a hand on Dean’s bare-skinned arm. A blue light emerged from Cas’s hand and wrapped around Dean’s body, healing every single ailment. Dean moved in his sleep, but Cas was sure it was just due to the momentarily uncomfortable sting that can be brought on by healing.
“Well, he’s just been doing some pretty weird stuff recently. I’m not even really sure what he’s been up to, but I wouldn’t be surprised if it were bad. I’m sorry that Ellen knew him before she got to know me.” Cas was pretty straight to the point, with only one lie in there. He knew that Lucifer was consorting with demons, but that was about it. Lucifer was MIA too, so he and his brothers couldn’t even figure out what was happening.
Cas cautiously stepped towards the bathroom, carefully noting all of his surroundings. Dean’s apartment was small. Two bedrooms, one bathroom, a kitchen, and something that shouldn’t even qualify as a living room. “Mirror.” Dean croaked out as Cas got to the door, and he opened it, almost laughing at how the shower curtains were floral and nothing like Dean.
He turned his car off, and went to grab Sammy and his blanket. As he approached the front of Cas’s house, he could see that his lights were on and that there was a car he didn’t recognize outside of the house. Dean’s breath hitched in his mouth, and he stood at the stairs up to the door. He wracked his mind. It was way too dangerous to go back to the apartment or to Jo and Ellen’s. Bobby’s motel was close to the apartment building, and there’s a possibility John would see the Impala.
“Those are weird questions, yes, but I don’t think Charlie’s weird. I’m twenty three, and yes, I have a house.” Cas responded inquisitively, and Charlie made a happy noise. “Well, that’s certainly good. Twenty three is young, yeah?” She turned back and gave Dean a look and he literally wanted to stab her right now.
Dean was having a regular Tuesday night at the Diner. Little Sammy was tucked into the couch back in the kitchen that Ellen had gotten for him, Dean was dressed in his little apron and t-shirt, and it was slow. Dean didn’t want to tell Cas that he didn’t have enough rent for this month, so he told him that he was going for dinner with Bobby. Dean just needed an extra night’s pay to reach the amount he needed, but Cas would be really upset if he knew that he worked a nine hour shift after school. Cas hated it when he worked late after school. He’d offered Dean money a thousand times, but he was so uncomfortable taking it that he always pretended he was good. Cas already did more than enough with the food situation.
“I’m so sorry.” Cas’s voice was filled with sadness and hurt and sympathy and it made Dean weak at the knees. His voice was needy, desperate for Dean. “I’m so, so sorry. How…” He couldn’t even finish his sentence.
“Definitely not older than twenty six.” Ellen had a relieved look on her face. “Okay, that’s good then. What were the memories like?” Dean blushed a little bit, rubbing his hands together. “They were very nice. He’s a talented piano player, and he’s very kind hearted. The only thing that kinda freaked me out is I know I saw demons. I couldn’t really see, but I could feel that he already knew what it was.”
“Sounds good. I’ll see you next time?” Gabe shrugged. “I think I’m gonna stay for a little bit. Maybe translate a little. Have dinner with you. Make sure you actually see this whole Dean thing through.”
“No, Dean, it has to be. You have a crush on him and this is the only time you’ve like ever had a crush on anyone ever!” Charlie retorted, and Dean blushed all the way down his neck.
“Dean, what happened?!” Cas gasped, and Dean cringed, closing his eyes gently. “I… I fell down the stairs.” Dean tried to add in a laugh there, but it felt awkward and they both knew it was fake. Cas looked at him skeptically, but tried to move on knowing that if he thought about it, it would just make him more upset. “Can I help you?” Cas grabbed Dean’s hand, and although Dean slightly pulled back, he allowed the close personal contact. Cas gently lifted his hand and the ice pack off Dean’s face, and winced. Cas let his fingers trail across the edge of the bruise, and poor attention deprived Dean almost let out a moan of acceptance.
Every memory was accompanied with a feeling that Dean had never felt. It felt almost… inhuman. Like Castiel felt things differently, saw things differently. Dean tried to probe into the memories, to see more of something that looked like a bright light, something special about Castiel’s father, but it was almost like something was controlling what he saw. It just kept going without Dean being able to see.
“You’re a fucking failure, Dean-” Dean was distracted enough to not duck beneath his father’s fist, and it collided with the side of his face and knocked him to the ground. Dean gasped in a deep breath, immediately feeling that the hit was going to leave a killer bruise. Dean crawled out from beneath his father’s legs, knowing that if he could get out of the house before his father got him, he would be out of the clear. Dean sprinted down the stairs, holding his face with one hand and angrily wiping his teary eyes with his other hand.
Dean was in the passenger seat of his English teacher AND soulmate’s car. He wanted to say it wasn’t awkward, that he and his soulmate just clicked so well that they were already close, but it was awkward. Dean didn’t know what to say, and his throat was so uncomfortably tight he didn’t even know if he could say anything.
“His real name is Castiel?” Charlie asked eye brightening, smile widening. “Yeah, Castiel. Middle name is Jimmy.” Charlie clapped her hands excitedly. “C! Castiel Novak! CN, Dean!” She shouted and Dean motioned for her to calm down.
“These are all demonic possessions. The blue are the people we saved. The red dots are the people who were possessed and have gone missing.” Dean’s eyes widened, and Garth put a hand on his shoulder.
Dean was laying in what seemed to be Mr. Novak’s office, which no one really used because he much prefered his classroom. Mr. Novak had gone to go get him some more ice, but had been gone for a little over fifteen minutes and Dean just wanted to bail. He didn’t want to stay here, he didn’t want questions to be asked because the more questions that were asked, the more dangerous it got. Dean took in a deep breath and was having an internal debate on whether or not to leave. Dean sighed aloud, unsure of what to do; he was getting close to the decision to leave, when suddenly Mr. Novak came back in with a bottle of water, a bag of ice, and a bowl of soup.
Friday evening came with a vengeance when Dean’s phone started ringing. He had finally gotten Sammy, managed to scrape together enough money to buy spaghetti for dinner, and gotten home to relax. But when he looked at the caller ID on his phone, he knew tonight was going to be anything but relaxing. At least it would help keep his mind off of Mr. Novak.
“Get this off.” Cas practically demanded, and Dean followed suit, looking at Cas with wide eyes. Dean was breathing heavily, everywhere that Cas touched tingled like fire. Once Dean’s shirt was off, Cas brought them together, bare chests touching. Dean gasped in air as their skin met, and his blood boiled underneath his skin.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Of course I’ve looked. I just haven’t been able to get a good look at his wrist. But I’m telling you, he’s it. My initials are DW and his name is Dean Winchester. I just need to see his wrist. Or touch him. I’ve definitely never touched him. I would have remembered.”
“I’ll see you later.” Dean reached into his backpack and grabbed his keys. He gave a wave and turned around, ready to get in his car and drive off, but he felt lingering words on his lips. Before he had a chance to act on those words, Cas cleared his throat, and Dean turned back around.
Cas looked back, wanting to go and be with Dean. He also wanted to see the angel blade in the cloth that was in the side pocket of the driver seat, but maybe he could talk to Dean about it later.
“Do you have a brother named Lucifer?” Ellen asked, and Dean was kind of creeped out because he knew that Cas did have a brother named Lucifer. Cas nodded again, confusedly tilting his head to the side.
“I-it was John… and I mean, you can pretty much get it from there.” Dean did not want to mention that Cas was there too. It was too much right now. “Just the usual? Nothing else?” When Dean had nightmares, it usually wasn’t like this. This time seemed worse.
“May I touch you?” Castiel asked respectfully, not wanting to overstep or make Dean uncomfortable in any way.
It took a second, but finally he responded with a soft voice. “Y-yes.” Cas smiled and tilted his chin up. “We’ll talk about it later. Wanna watch a movie?” Dean couldn’t help but let a smile pop onto his lips. “Yeah, that sounds really nice.”
“Who is this guy?” Bobby asked, and Dean wanted to hit his head against the window. Dean looked at him. “It’s my stupid English teacher.”
Castiel was on the other side of the school, grading the last of his papers when there was a knock on his door. He looked up, smiling at the sight of his brother. “Gabriel!” He exclaimed, getting up and going towards his brother.
“Dean, you don’t deserve this.” Dean shook his head, raising his hands to his eyes and pressing down. Sam shifted and Dean suddenly turned his attention to him and sighed deeply. “That’s questionable.” Dean muttered, picking Sam up and bringing him into his own room. He tucked him into bed and gave the child one last glance before he sighed and looked back towards the door. He opened the door and locked eyes with a, now standing and frankly towering over Dean, Cas. “What do you mean ‘questionable’?” Cas’s voice was deep and a little threatening, making Dean pull back. Cas reached forward and closed Sam’s door, expectantly looking at Dean.
Cas couldn’t help but smile widely. He was almost astounded that Dean asked him to do something. “Of course I would, Dean.” Dean beamed, putting his hands together. “Great! What should we do?” Dean replied, and Cas put his hand on Dean’s cheek.
Dean’s jaw clenched. Things like this don’t just happen, especially to people like him. Maybe if he was normal, he would call it a miracle, and go on with his day, but he couldn’t do that. He knew he had really hurt his chest and last night before he went to bed he clearly remembered the sharp, lingering pain.
“I’m sorry you didn’t have the time to tell me on your own.” Cas apologized, and Dean could hear the sincerity in his voice. He knew it wasn’t Cas’s fault, but he wished he never even had to tell Cas about his dad. Just say he passed, and get over it. But that’s not how life goes.
He took a deep breath and immediately stopped himself; one, it would never happen. Two, Dean had so many other things to worry about then this stupid, little boy crush on his teacher. Despite his thoughts, as soon as Dean walked into the room, butterflies shot into his stomach and made him woozy as he locked eyes with Mr. Novak. Dean took a deep breath and put his professional attitude back on. He peered up at the clock and he noticed that he had come ten minutes early, and he threw around the idea of leaving, but ultimately decided against the embarrassment.
“I don’t know, I…” Deserve the pain. That thought brought him to an impasse that he had been at many times. Don’t deserve Cas. Don’t deserve to be fixed. Damn, that was not a fun thought. Dean blinked up at Cas, trying not to think those things. He knew that was John, in the back of his head.
“What’s the worst that can happen, Dean? Nothing. Just give him a little touch.” Dean pinched the bridge of his nose, very sure he wasn’t going to cry. He couldn’t cry. “We’ll see, Charlie.”
He was being carried out of the house, and into the cool night air where there wasn’t a piercing roar in his ears or a blazing light. Dean faded in and out, but he thought he heard people’s voices. He couldn’t understand what they were saying or even register the words, until-
“He’s resting now, seems to have gotten over the stomach distress. I have no idea why that happened to him. I’ve never seen a case of smiting sickness so severe, even after all of our exploits with those demons.” Castiel felt unease as he thought about why Dean could be feeling that way.
“Hi Cassie!” Gabe wrapped his arms around him and held him tight. “How are you? It’s been forever!” Cas smiled. “It’s been good! Nothing as exciting as you’ve been doing, I’m sure, Gabriel, but still good!”
“Charlie, are you in my next class?” Mr. Novak looked down at his attendance and she quickly straightened up. “Nope! Just here with Dean. But I’ll leave now. See you later!” She hopped out of the class.
“Do you have your marking?” Mr. Novak blurted out, and Dean flinched. He knew that this is what it would come down to. He wanted to lie, was planning to lie, but he couldn’t when he looked into Mr. Novak’s eyes.
“I’m so scared of John, Daddy.” Dean flinched, knowing that this was coming. Dean squeezed his eyes shut as tight as he could, and he wanted to let out a sad, frustrated sob. “You’re okay, buddy, you are. I would never let John touch you, ever.” Sammy trusted Dean more than anything in his life, but he had seen John lay hands on Dean so many times that he just couldn’t believe it. Sam had seen the bruises on Dean to know that he should be afraid of John.
“No,” Dean started, reaching up and rubbing his eyes. “He hurt me pretty bad. That’s where I got all the scrapes and broke the rib. I was trying to exorcise him. Then…” Dean trailed off, and Cas knew that this was the information he would need.
“YOUR SOUL MATE?!” She shrieked, excitement covering her face. Ellen sat down for a moment, gripping her chest. Jo practically tackled Dean, jumping up and down. “Shh!” Dean silenced her. “I don’t want to explain it to Sam quite yet.”
He desperately tried to find someone to watch Sam because he was so worried about Sam meeting his soulmate, but he couldn’t find anyone. Now he just hoped that Ellen could keep him in the back for longer than twenty minutes.
“Breakfast.” Dean responded, barely able to even get that word out. Cas agreed wholeheartedly. “Pancakes.” Dean whispered again and Cas was just so excited that they were there together that he would have said yes to anything.
“GET BACK HERE!” John bellowed, scaring Dean even more. He slammed through the door, sprinting to the Impala and taking a deep breath. He saw his father abruptly stop at the door, knowing that if he followed Dean, the police would be called. Dean could feel his father’s glare on him, and he tried to shake off the fear that gripped his chest.
It was hard for Cas to get through because he just desperately wanted to feel Dean’s skin. He wanted to share the bond that only him and Dean could have. He knew that there could be doubt that Dean was even his soulmate, but Cas felt it. He knew that Dean was his. He was sure of it.
Bobby started chanting Latin and Dean took a deep breath. He went through the words of an exorcism in his head, ensuring that he had it all down. Once Bobby finished, everything got eerily silent.
“Your… English teacher…” Jo trailed off, but Ellen went into mom mode. “How old is he?” Dean shrugged, trying to think.
“You want me to heal you again?” Cas asked, a little confused. Dean felt the blood rush to his face and Cas could feel the heat coming from Dean’s body.
He felt around his chest, pressed down where he knew hurt the most, and no pain came of it. He lifted his shirt up and found the bruises totally cleared up. He went to his forearms and saw that the cuts there had healed as well. How had he not noticed that in the morning?
Dean nodded slightly, but Cas knew that was consent for healing. Cas leaned forward and set his lips on Dean’s forehead, allowing his grace to run through Dean and rest his uneasy stomach. Dean felt a slight discomfort at the new feeling in his body, but he felt Cas’s energy in him. It was inside of him, soothing his ailments, putting him at ease. It was unlike anything Dean had ever felt. He lost himself to the feeling. Cas remained for a second longer than he usually would, simply because he could feel Dean’s aura. Before, when he’d healed him, he was quickly in and out to not create a disturbance. In this state, he could feel Dean’s soul flush with his, and it was an indescribable feeling.
He debated using his grace to help him sleep, but knew that was a little too far. So he just prayed that Dean would be a heavy enough sleeper to not wake up while he was being healed.
Dean was lucky this was a good day. On bad days, Sam would cry and scream and cling to Dean with abandon. Some days Dean couldn’t even leave Sam. He would have to sit with him for hours and console him.
He smiled nervously and set the stuff down on the table besides the couch, and looked at Dean. “It took forever, I know, I’m sorry.” He smiled apologetically and Dean simply shook his head. Dean almost stared at him in awe- nobody had cared for him like this since his mother was alive, it was almost like he forgot what it was. “Th-thank you…” Dean looked down, folding his hands together and blushing as bright as a tomato. Mr. Novak gently placed his hand on Dean's shoulder, noting the subtle flinch that Dean had whenever he even moved towards him.
Cas cleared his throat, taking a deep breath. “Dean, I can’t be mad at you for doing something I’ve wanted to do for a long time.” The truth was out, and Cas couldn’t feel more relieved at the look on Dean’s face. “Me? You wanted to kiss me?” Dean sounded unbelieving and Cas felt sad that Dean’s self confidence was so low. “Yes, Dean. I wanted to kiss you. A lot, actually. I still want to kiss you.” Dean’s stomach did a somersault and his heart practically stopped.
Cas’s leaned back to look at Dean’s eyes, and he could tell Dean was left breathless. His eyes were shut, his mouth slightly open, and Cas made sure he would remember this moment forever. Dean’s eyes fluttered open, and his cheeks suddenly became very rosy once he realized Cas was looking at him. Dean cleared his throat, and turned to face the counter. “Thank you.” He mumbled, and looked over at what was cooking. He felt lighter, much better than he had in awhile.
Sammy was sitting at the tall counter in the middle of his kitchen, propped up on books to make sure he could reach the table. Cas was staying close, keeping an eye on him to make sure he wasn’t going to fall. Dean could tell that he hadn’t been around kids like this before, and couldn’t help the soft smile that came on his face as he saw them interacting.
The car was silent except for the classic rock station. Dean was huddled in the back seat, blanket wrapped around him, protecting him from the cool night air. Bobby was next to him, tapping his finger on his leg to the song. Garth was on the other side, while Jo and Ellen had the front seats. He had never been more comfortable, and the only thing that might have made it better was Castiel. He couldn’t bring Castiel into this part of his life, though. Not yet at least.
“Sam told me he wants your name to be Cookie Nonster.” He smiled as Castiel burst out laughing. His hand squeezed Dean’s a little tighter.
Dean set Sam down on the floor in the diner, and went to stretch out his back. Sam ran off to the back room and he knew Ellen would be out in a matter of seconds to greet him, so he relished the quick moment of silence.
Dean threw up beside himself, and then he began to feel a little better. Bobby propped him up, making sure he was sitting up and that he wouldn’t choke. Jo had run to the car and grabbed him a water bottle, and they got him back up on his feet.
“I just don’t know,” Cas started, looking down at his hands that were folded on the table. “I just want to help.”
“I say we go to a crossroad and summon a demon. Then we perform an exorcism and hopefully that’ll keep it away.” Bobby fiddled with his map and Dean leaned over, pointing to the only crossroad he knew about. Dean looked out the window, setting his head on the side of the car door.
“His wrist says what?!” Charlie hissed, grabbing Dean tightly by the arm. “It says DW!! Why is my life so shitty?!” Dean yelled, hitting his face. It was the end of the day, and they were walking back out to the parking lot together.
“Leave. Now. I’ll go have mom distract him. Make sure you take a right so he can’t see you leave.” Jo’s eyes were filled with love and sympathy, but Dean couldn’t handle all of that stuff right now. He grabbed Sammy and the keys in his pocket, and ran out the door as quietly as he could. He sprinted to the car, opened the back door and put Sam in his car seat, and then slid into the front so he didn’t have to close another car door. He turned the car on, and prayed that it wouldn’t make enough noise to alert his dad, and he slowly moved out of the lot.
Dean placed his head on the window, watching the night go by. There were no clouds in the sky and Dean could watch the stars, which brought him some peace. He was with his people, too. Not his soulmate, whom he had strong feelings for but was always nervous around, or his brother, whom he loved dearly but was very high maintenance. He was just with normal(ish) friends. And they were hopefully going to do some amazing things like saving people tonight. That was Dean’s favorite part of the job.
“Dean, what is the worst thing that can happen?” Cas asked, keeping his voice soft. Dean was obviously distressed right now.
“And Dean, I swear you make me wanna scream you’re so hurt and all I want to do is help you and be with you-” That was all Dean heard, and that was all it took for him to lose control of his thoughts. The next thing they knew, Dean leaned up and pressed his lips to Cas’s.
After all of the dust had settled, Dean made it back home to his apartment in one piece with Cas’s phone number calling him every night. School went by easy, and it was comforting to be in Cas’s class even. They saw each other once or twice a week outside of school, and things seemed to get a little easier day by day. Every once in a while he would go on a hunt and leave Sam with Charlie. Cas always joined, no matter who initiated the hunt. They’d gone on two with Bobby, three with Garth, and one with Ellen and Jo. All minor things, though. Hauntings, vampires, wendigos, and nothing on the demon front came up.
“Dean we should totally-” Jo was cut off by the sound of little Sam getting up and making a noise of discontent. “What’s wrong bud?” Dean asked, and Sam ran over and climbed into Dean’s lap. Dean laughed and held the extremely tired child in his arms and Jo continued. “-take a road trip when we graduate. You, me, Mama, and Sammy and maybe Charlie and I don’t know-” Dean listened to her rambling as she went on about road trips. Once she was finished, her and Ellen started arguing about where they wanted to go, and that’s about when Dean spaced out.
“Are you kidding me, Dean?!” Cas pulled back, raising his voice at Dean for the first time ever. “Of course I’m not breaking up with you! Why on earth would you think that?!” Dean stifled a sob and went back to pressing his face into Cas’s neck.
“Alright, I’ll get some research done now. Call me if anything else happens.” The line went dead and Castiel found his way back inside and to the couch. He set his head in his hands, taking a deep breath to try to steady his nerves. He grabbed the book on his coffee table and read and read and read.
“Castiel, what are you doing? You have to order.” Gabe kicked him in the shin, and Mr. Novak was snapped back to his own, regular thoughts. “Oh gosh, I’m sorry.” Dean looked down at him and Mr. Novak could have sworn his heart stopped as his green eyes almost pierced his soul. “Could I just have the chicken sandwich?” Dean nodded, a genuine smile perking up on his lips. Dean shut the notepad, expertly holding both his little Sam and slipping his notepad back into his apron.
“Not at all.” Cas responded, reaching his fingers over to stroke the skin on Dean’s neck. Dean uncomfortably shifted, leaning into Cas’s hand. He peered over at Sam, who was still playing happily on the rug, and he looked back up at Cas. Cas seemed to read his mind, read his discomfort regarding the situation.
A scene started but then it got too fuzzy to see. A bright, searing light filled Dean, made him feel airy and vulnerable. It hurt, but not quite in a bad way. Then, as quickly as he’d seen all the memories, they vanished right before his eyes. And then he could see the horror on his soulmate’s face.
“You ready?” Ellen whispered, and everyone gave their signals. Jo kicked the door open and Ellen and Bobby went first with all of the others following. Inside, the room was completely dark and they couldn’t see anything. Garth got his lighter out, lighting it so they could see.
Dean woke up as the sun blared in his eyes, and he felt an emptiness next to him that made him sit up and look around the room. Cas’s room was empty, and he could hear some commotion outside the door. He rubbed his eyes and stretched his back, feeling a wave of nausea that was easy enough to ignore.
Dean seemed to get the hint: he knew something bigger was at play. He knew that they shouldn’t be there.
Dean walked out of the room with Sammy in his arms and made eye contact with Mr. Novak and briefly looked confused. Realization then crossed his face and he visibly relaxed, walking over to the couch and settling down, Sammy wrapped in his arms. Cas went over and cautiously sat next to the two, and Dean debated putting his head on his shoulder but decided against it.
“I KNOW HE’S IN THERE, ELLEN!” Dean could hear his Dad’s slurred voice scream, and his blood ran absolutely cold. The door bust open and at the last second, Dean crouched to the ground with Sam and held his head close.
Dean packs a bag, trying not to panic. It's a fifteen-hour drive from Chicago to Boston and he doesn't even blink at driving it. He'd do anything for Cas. Even if it means driving when the sun is high in the sky. He hits the road in his precious Baby and floors the pedal.
Sweat drips down his face. Dean reaches for his dick, jerking himself off in time with Cas’s thrusts. “Close,” he gasps, panting into Cas’s mouth, using his other hand to tug Cas’s hair. Cas groans as he meets Dean in a sloppy kiss, thrusting harder and faster, gripping the headboard to push himself in deeper.
It’s a struggle but Dean does manage to get to his early morning class with the help of the biggest fucking coffee thermos he owns. Why anyone decided it was smart to put a math lecture before 10 am was a good idea, Dean will never know. Normally Dean likes his engineering classes enough to at least try and pay attention. But this morning he can't help his thoughts from wandering when he's supposed to be answering equations. Dean wants to ask Cas out, even if it blows up in his face Dean knows he's going to regret it if he doesn't. Pining doesn't suit him. He needs sleep for crying out loud. Not hours tossing and turning wondering if some guy likes him back.
Castiel coughs and resists the urge to rub his sore throat, knowing it will expose the redness currently hidden by his collar to Jody's keen eyes. “I think I might be coming down with something,” he say’s hoarsely. “It's making me kind of clumsy I managed to knock over the idiot's bag of pranks earlier.”
He thought it was a stupid rule for years, who would fall for a John? But looking at Dean, laid out like all his wet dreams come to life, it makes a lot more sense. He takes a steadying breath and opens the door. A man steps in with a tray, giving Castiel his third surprised once over for the night. Dean clears his throat. Glaring at the man, who straightens, “Good evening,”  He says to Dean and only Dean.
Cas had taken care of him, nursing Dean back to health with herbs and potions until Dean recovered. It was practically domestic. Well, as domestic as it could have been for creatures like them. Cas began to study vampires, concocting the potion that let Dean spend time in the sun. Just so they could walk by the coast.
Spice glares at him from Sam's knee, her blue eyes narrowed into slits. "Cas your cat still hates me."
“I’ve seen what happens when work deals go bad pal. You wouldn't be the first demon to build in mechanisms to ensure they are being obeyed. Compulsion spells are basically a dime a dozen in deals like this.”
Besides he can relax now that he knows Cas is at least pleased to see him. Dean considers sitting on the couch and watching some of the Doctor Sexy boxsets he can see beside the T.V. But Cas is right, he is feeling pretty wiped after his late night and early morning.
Castiel places a soft kiss on the bruise forming on Dean's neck, sliding his hand to the dip of Dean's spine. “I’ve only been in here for like five minutes.”
Castiel raises an eyebrow. “You’re not the only dumbass in this room whose job is to protect people. If it's killed other people that makes it a danger to my town and therefore my job as well. Besides, I'm already marked. It's gonna come after me again, right? I deserve a say in how that goes down.”
It's blackberry, which was always Dean's favourite, but there's something else too. Copper and roses. The exact taste Dean gets in his mouth drinking Cas's blood. He swallows heavily, feeling warm for the first time in days. "Is there blood in this?" Dean asks, looking at his mug suspiciously.
Dean wishes he had half of that conviction. "You don't know that Cas. We still don't have Jack back and even if we did we don't have the gun anymore. What's Jack going to do? What are we supposed to do?"
“What? Really?” Dean whines, wrapping his hand around the bars. “I’m marked for death too, you know? I can't just sit in here waiting for that ghost to come back and kill us both.”
Castiel hardly ever talks to Dean when he's there. He spends a lot of time in his office, only appearing when Dean calls him for food or the occasional question. He talks on the phone a lot. Going as far as using a douchey Bluetooth piece while he eats. Glaring at Dean while he cleans. Despite being in the guys home six nights a week. Dean's never seen him out of the corporate get up, he's always in slacks and shirts, sometimes sans a tie. Dean's pretty sure Castiel is a corporate drone at this point.
Jack nods, his intense gaze zeroing in on the clues, despite himself Dean smiles. "You've got a pretty cool kid." He says truthfully.
"Ah yes modestly. I forgot human's value such things." Castiel closes his eyes and suddenly he begins to waver, like a lake being hit by a stone. For a second Dean sees the halo lighting up Castiel's jawline. A flash of skin shimmering white and the curl of a tentacle. Then it's just some regular guy standing before him again. This time in a rumpled suit and a too-big trench coat. Castiel pinches the corner of the sleeve, frowning at how it covers his hand. "Clothing is a lot harder to get proportional than skin and unfortunately I'm out of practise. I hope this is more subtle."
Deans stomach churns, "Let's just get this over with," Dean says, walking out of the car. Castiel nods, looking sad and desperate and like everything is out of his control.
Dean smiles crookedly, “I wouldn’t mind if people found out. Sure it might hurt some investments, but we’d probably still be in the green.” Dean’s face falls, a hurt look taking over his face. “My business partner he disagrees.”
“Don't worry about that Gabe and Row won't mind if I miss. They have fun without me,” Sam says, and Dean can hear the smirk in his voice.
Castiel gasps gripping the bedspread. His cock tenting in his boxers. His pants tangled around his ankles. Dean licks his lips, considering his options as he unbuttons his flannel. Castiel copies Dean's movements. Unbuttoning his shirt until it's open wide. His tan chest looks amazing against the white the sheets. There's so much Dean wants to do here. He wants to Castiel to fuck him. He wants to get his mouth on Castiel’s dick. He wants to lick Castiel open and slide into him until his nails leave marks on Dean's back. He's just not sure if he's sober enough to coordinate any of it.
“That's not the same thing, Sam,” Dean says sadly which makes Sam’s face fall. “I know, I know,” he says, and immediately Dean feels like an asshole, “I’m sorry. I knew you’d feel weird about this and I should have -”
"Lydia..." Dean starts, unsure of what he even wants to say. She’s not actually wrong about that. What can he say, he's been busy lately. Well, more busy than usual. He thought that Lydia, being a businesswoman herself, would understand the job. He thought she’d be more lenient about his long hours and business trips than his other exes. But it seems that was just wishful thinking on his part.
“Yes, Lucifer. C’mon boy you gotta come over right now.” Dean sighed, but essentially decided that he was going to go over and check on Bobby.
“Dean?” Jo called out and Dean snapped out of his thoughts. “Yeah! In here!” Dean shouted back, and both her and her mom came out of the kitchen. Sam was clutching Jo’s neck, hanging on tightly.
“Hey, you’re the one who slept for two hours last night. I think you need a nap.” Cas laughed and brought Dean back to his bedroom.
“Yeah it really is. I’m pretty sure Ellen didn’t even try to make this homey, it just happened.” Dean said and started walking over to a table. Dean sat them, which was weird because he wasn’t working, but he was sure that Jo would be okay with serving them.
“Dean, so nice to finally meet you.” Lucifer smirked, and Dean’s face contorted in a confused, scared sort of way. The rest of the group stood behind him, unsure of what to do. Castiel stepped in between Lucifer and Dean, enraged that Lucifer even had the audacity to look at Dean.
Cas gasped as dark purple and blue colors were laid out like fireworks on Dean’s lower back and he sat back, astonished. “Why did you go back?” Dean winced as Cas’s voice sounded like he had been betrayed. Dean shook his head. “I needed a baby pictures of Sam for his class. So I went and I grabbed all the pictures and I thought I was in the clear but he caught me at the last second and fucking beat me senseless.” Dean was becoming angry and Cas set his arms on his shoulders.
“Cas.” Dean whispered, and Cas perked his head up and looked towards Dean. He gave Dean a small smile, and Dean took in a shaky breath. “I think it’s going okay. I tried explaining but they want to see you.” Cas stood to his feet and brushed any dust off of his coat and followed Dean inside.
“Dean, Dean-” The urgency in her voice sent an indescribably fear into his body. “Your father just walked in. You need to leave now.” Ellen looked over at Dean and the panic in her eyes frightened Dean even more. Jo grabbed his jacket and gave Dean a hug. “I’m gonna go stall him so he won’t come back.”
“I think you’re the one who needs it.” Dean followed along, a feeling of content that settled right into his stomach.
“Shh, Dean, it’s okay.” Dean could hear a soft voice soothe him, and Dean knew that voice. He just couldn’t connect the dots. He was weeping, he could feel that now. His chest was wracked with painful sobs that shook him to his very core.
“I love you too, if you couldn’t guess.” Cas pressed a sweet kiss on Dean’s cheek. “But I think I love you more.” Dean was delirious and Cas couldn’t help but laugh. “You are too cute. I’m gonna tell you in the morning how much I know you love me.” Dean nodded, and he pressed a kiss to Cas’s lips and snuggled into the blankets to fall asleep.
“Is the angel blade in a safe place?” Cas asked, trying to tread lightly around the entire topic because he knew the more he associated himself with the blade, the more Dean would associate him with it.
“Charlie,” Dean caught up with her in the parking lot and she turned around. “What’s up?” She asked, nonchalantly reaching into her backpack and grabbing an apple.
“Are you working tonight?” Dean went to respond but suddenly a shorter man with dark brown hair appeared in front of them. Dean scrunched his eyebrows.
“What on earth is an angel blade?” Garth asked, breaking the silence that had fallen over the group.
Dean started to come to after a couple minutes of reassuring words and a gentle hand rubbing his back. He was wrapped up around someone, but was too dazed to figure out who. He didn’t think he could open his eyes yet, either. He was comfortable, though, and Dean learned a while ago that he can trust his gut instinct. So he reached his arms up and wrapped them around their neck.
“I saw your childhood house, which is beautiful. I saw your father and your brothers. I saw so much piano it isn’t even funny.” Cas still laughed, though. “I saw your roommate in college, Meg.” Dean thought about the demons he saw and whether or not to bring that up, but he decided not to, at least now.
Dean stopped at the pasta section, thinking about what was for dinner tonight, when he decided to ask Sam. “Sammy buddy, you want spaghetti for dinner tonight?” He looked down to the right, where Sam always was, but was shocked to see that he wasn’t there. “Sammy?” He asked, twisting around and looking everywhere. “Sam?!” He was kicked into panic mode, and he started frantically looking up and down the aisles. He must have wandered off after Dean told him no about the cupcakes.
Dean stayed still for about two minutes after, and Cas just held them as they stood up. When Dean finally started to stir, Cas held his breath.
“It’s alright. I was just worried that something had happened.” Cas confided, and Dean laughed, brushing a hand through his hair.
“I’m glad he’s yours, Cas. You could’ve gotten someone boring, like Mikey.” They both laughed at that. Everything was comfortable again and although Gabe didn’t say it, Castiel knew that he would support and love Cas’s soulmate no matter what.
“Daddy,” Sam started as Dean turned around to back out of the parking spot, and Dean made a little sound of acknowledgment before Sam continued. “Why did John hurt you?” Dean let out a quick breath, knowing this was long coming. “I don’t know Sam, but we don’t have to worry about him anymore. He’s gone.” Sam nodded, trusting his dad, but Dean didn’t even know if he could trust himself on that subject.
Cas woke up with a start. It took a minute to have the fog clear up, but once it did, he understood exactly why he woke up. Dean was tossing and turning, shaking the bed to the point where he couldn’t go back to sleep.. Cas reached up and rubbed his eyes for a second, and then sat up in bed.
Dean worked the entire rest of the weekend, waiting tables and smiling as brightly as he could for tips. After the bills, though, he did not have a lot of money left. So he swore off breakfast for the week. He couldn’t even give Sam all the breakfast he wanted and the guilt ate away at him. But he could work past that.
He decided to grab the clothes that lay next to the spot he was just asleep and quickly change, getting out of his jeans and sweaty t-shirt. He drank from the cup of water that was left on the bed side table, not caring if it was old or new.
“You think I will see Samuel as a burden.” Dean was astounded by Castiel’s forwardness. Dean nodded, carefully watching his facial expressions.
“Hey buddy! You wanna go to the Diner for dinner? Uncle Bobby’s gonna be there!” Sam excitedly jumped up and into Dean’s arms, letting out a scream of happiness. Dean smiled and grabbed his car keys.
“Dean!” Cas shouted, only barely able to see him. “Please, please,” He mumbled, hoping that Dean would stop, but Dean kept going. He did everything in his power to get Dean to stop but Dean was too far away.
“I… It’s just John stuff. It’s not too bad.” Cas sighed, shaking his head. He leaned in to Dean, setting a hand on his neck.
“I can come back Sunday and we can keep going. In the meantime, try to crack that angel tablet. We’ll come back together on Sunday and see what we’ve found.” Cas nodded and walked Gabe to the door.
Dean sat on the couch with his throat uncomfortably swelling with his sudden confession. He wasn’t ever going to tell anyone that; he was going to take Sammy as soon as he finished high school and go somewhere far, far away. He wanted to get out, but now here he was, voicing how hard his life had been to, nonetheless, the teacher he had a stupid crush on. Maybe he was going to die in that moment.
Everything seemed right. This night was the first night they had together as a real family. Cas made dinner, and they sat down and all ate together. Then they went and all snuggled on the couch and watched some Disney movie that Sam picked. Cas absentmindedly stroked his fingers across Dean’s skin, and Dean couldn’t stop the smile from coming to his face.
“It’s a long way to drive to see if Dean’s here. He’s not. I don’t know where he is now.” Jo responded and Dean was beyond grateful. He parked in the employee parking lot behind the restaurant so he didn’t have to cross his father’s eyesight.
“Well, Sammy, they’re my soulmate’s initials. CN. You’ll get them one day, too. I think I got mine when I was ten.”
The flutter in Dean’s stomach intensified ten fold, and Cas hadn’t even offered a part of his grace. Anticipation swirled Dean’s foggy mind, and when Dean pushed one of his legs between Cas’s to get closer, Cas took in a sharp inhale of air. The world around him started to buzz, started to feel different, and things started to disappear. Dean couldn’t feel the bed beneath him, or the air surrounding him, he could just feel Cas. Cas on his body, in his body, around his body.
“We’ll have to go back to my house.” Dean sighed, really not knowing what to say or do. He felt so off and out of it, he kinda just wanted to take a break from the world and not think about anything for a little bit.
“We talked a little bit about Sam. He mentioned the money issues I’ve been having, and how concerned he was about me not eating anything. He didn’t mention John, but he did acknowledge that I had family issues. He made it very clear that he wouldn’t pressure me into anything and I can set everything at my own pace.”
“I’m in love with you, Cas.” Cas’s heart stopped. “What?” Cas’s stomach filled with butterflies and he was so surprised by Dean’s tired confession. “I’m so in love with you it hurts.” Dean murmured and Cas pulled back. “No way. You just sleepily confessed your love for me. I thought it was gonna be way more complicated than this.” Dean laughed, even though he didn’t quite know what he was laughing at he was so tired.
“Dean,” Cas pleaded, reaching down to grab his chin, but Dean resisted. Cas’s concern was at a whole new level, because he’d always been able to console Dean. Even that night a month ago. This was something much deeper.
He thought for a second, for one single second, that his soul mate shouldn’t care about his past. Maybe, just maybe, this would be a good thing. Dean made a split second decision in the second he was thinking that everything was going to be alright. No impulse control was always one of his problems, but he didn’t know that it was this bad. Maybe he should go talk to someone.
“Can I call you Cas?” Dean’s voice was little, and Dean hadn’t felt this tiny in a long time. He was not timid, but when it came to this, he could barely even work up enough courage to touch his soulmate. Castiel looked over at Dean, relishing the moment.
With that, they talked until the late hours of the night, and it only stopped because they’d fallen asleep, together, pressed up on the couch.
Gabe shrugged. “I asked him if he knew where your classroom was outside and he was very surprised to learn that your first name was Castiel. He thought it was Jimmy. But when I told him he got really pale. He even looked… scared. I dunno. Just thought it was weird.”
“I’m feeling a little better. I have no idea what happened. Cas carried me out of the house, and brought me outside. I’m at his house right now with Sammy.” Dean tried to get everything out, but Bobby wanted more.
“I-I uh… there’s a couch, or… um, my bed… I can sleep on the couch.” Cas went through everything in his mind, and it was Dean’s turn to bite his lip.
“Whatcha thinkin’ about?” Dean asked, sitting on the desk next to Cas’s hand and Cas looked up at him. “Nothing much,” Cas yawned and leaned back, stretching his back. “I was thinking about dinner tonight. What do you want?”
“He’s in bed, Dean. I hope you feel better. Call me if you two need anything.” Gabe said his goodbye, and Dean listened to his footsteps to the car, then the door close, then the car turn on and leave. Cas went back to Dean’s mind, to figure out what happened, but he was met with a barrier.
“I do believe another day is well deserved, Dean. And you are welcome at my house as long as you want.” A moment of silence caused Castiel to add, “And Sam. You and Sam.” Dean’s body visibly relaxed at the thought of being able to stay another night with Cas. To sleep in the same bed. To feel safe.
“I tried very hard to not have this happen. He must have snuck out of the kitchen.” Dean nervously laughed, pressing his thumb into the palm of his other hand. Castiel leaned forward and grabbed Dean’s hand, making him stop his nervous tick.
“Are you sleepy?” Cas asked, knowing that he was willing it to happen. Dean nodded, his eyes shutting, and he snuggled into Cas’s body.
It was a quiet night, and Dean was thrilled about that. The restaurant was insanely quiet with Sammy in the corner, fast asleep, and with the small, but efficient, staff around the table. Dean’s head rested on his arms as they tiredly conversed about anything that came to mind. “How’s school, honey?” Ellen would ask him and he’d respond with a sentence or two about how much homework he had or how hard his classes were, and she’d be pretty satisfied… but he’d never tell the truth.
“Rest, Dean. I won’t be leaving anytime soon.” Cas kissed the top of Dean’s head, and Dean was asleep before he even knew it.
“It’s kinda hard to look cute when you’re running around taking orders.” Castiel shook his head, chuckling a little bit.
“Then what are you?” Dean asked cautiously, gritting his teeth. Dean took a hot second to categorize everything in his mind. When the boxes soul mate and non-human crossed in his mind he got the sudden urge to scream as loud as he possibly could. He must have been a really shitty person in his past life to deserve something like this.
Tonight he was hoping it would be different though. He would sleep through the night because he was finally away from that apartment, from that house, from his bad father, and finally somewhere safe.
“Do you feel odd?” Cas asked Gabe, who was sitting next to him, doing research on the ancient Enochian spell book they had gotten their hands on earlier that week. Gabe looked up at him, with an inquisitive look.
Dean had off school tomorrow, and he couldn’t be anymore relieved. This was good because one, he felt terrible, and two, he could do late hours at the bar, which meant extra money, even if it was as late as nine o’clock at night. Of course, this wasn’t late for him, but little Sammy would always fall asleep around there, desperately trying to stay up to watch his Daddy run around the restaurant. He would never make it and his eyes would go droopy, and Dean would go over and wrap him up in a blanket, making sure he was never out of his eyesight.
“You want me to share my grace with you again? That’s what I do. My grace is a part of who I am, the part that makes me half-angel. When I heal you, I allow a part of it to envelop you. When it happened this morning, it felt like something I had never felt before. I would like to do it again, right now, if that’s what you’re talking about.” Dean wanted to laugh at how formal he sounded, but Dean was just excited to hear that it made Cas feel the same way. When Dean nodded, Cas grabbed the back of Dean’s neck, and brought them into a kiss.
“One more thing to add.” Cas’s voice was back to stern and serious. “Do not lie to me again about not needing money. I will not let you go without rent, and you know that. Please.” Cas added, and Dean took in a deep breath.
“It’s bad to have a crush on a teacher, it’s even worse to have him first thing in the morning!” She laughed, shoving it in his face. Dean shot her daggers, but ultimately smiled. “Hey, at least it’s a normal problem, right?” Charlie asked, rubbing his arm. Dean groaned again.
“W-what… what can I get you guys to eat?” She finally said, just ignoring the whole question together. Cas suspiciously looked back at Dean, and he sighed, knowing that that was all he was going to get out of her.
“Are you okay?” Castiel spoke, and Dean nodded fervently. He kept his eyes glued out the window, looking at the passing scenery. Dean anxiously pressed his thumb into the palm of his other hand.
Cas was sitting in the kitchen, sitting at the counter. Dean rubbed his eyes and made his way over to Cas.
He settled down at a desk, his backpack sprawled on the floor and his phone handy in his pocket just in case. Dean set his head down on the desk for what seemed like a millisecond, but when he picked his head back up Mr. Novak was looming right above him. Dean almost choked at how close he was, and Dean picked up his head all the way and sat up straight.
“Dean?” A soft, deep voice snapped Dean out and his whole body froze. Dread filled his stomach, and he slowly turned around, keeping the ice pressed against his face. “M-Mr. Novak…” Dean trailed off, trying to smile. “Are you okay, Dean? You weren’t in class… what’s that on your face?” Mr. Novak’s hand went towards Dean’s face, and Dean noticeably flinched, leaving Cas even more suspicious. “I’m… not gonna hurt you.” Cas now knowing that Dean would flinch if he went too fast, slowly lead his hand to Dean’s face and gently lifted the ice pack up to examine the bruise.
Sammy was set up at the table in the corner with all the coloring books he could have, his blanky, and Jo and himself would go over there as often as possible to make sure he was okay and entertained. Sam was such a good boy, and Dean was so proud that he could at least comprehend that he had to be on best behaviour the whole day. Dean kept a close eye on him, always, despite the fact that he was so well behaved. Dean sighed, turning away and trying to keep his cool.
He slowly walked up to Cas’s door and hesitated when he finally got there. He thought he could just drag himself to the door and leave, but he know if he went home, his dad would be looking around for him. As soon as he saw the Impala he would know Dean was living there. He set his knuckles on the door and tapped gently, knowing that Cas couldn’t hear something that quiet.
“You better not be laughing at my shower curtains,” Dean coughed out, but Cas could hear the smile in his voice. He sighed gently and opened the mirror, noticing all of the gauze and antibacterial cream he had. He would have most definitely cringed if he knew exactly what those were for. He grabbed the thermometer and brought it to Dean, urging him to open his mouth.
“It can kill anything. It is also one of the only things that can kill an angel or a nephilim. It is imperative you keep it safe.” Dean was deep in thought as he listened to the answer.
Dean’s heart stopped for a second, but he quickly willed it to start working again. Mr. Novak’s first name was Jimmy. It didn’t start with a C. It was just a whole coincidence, no matter how painful it was, he had to squash that hope as quickly as it had come up.
Dean shut the door to his car, taking a step towards the familiar seedy hotel. When they would get kicked out of the house, Dean would take Sammy there so they would have a safe place for the night.
“That’s okay,” Castiel wanted to go home too, but he wanted Dean to come with him. Dean didn’t seem as into the idea as much as Cas did, so he didn’t press. “You should go home. Maybe sleep. You seem tired.”
“Well, that sounds like a you problem, buddy.” Gabe went back to looking at his book, but Cas had this feeling in his stomach that he couldn’t ignore. He could not pinpoint what it was.
When Dean left the room that Sam had been sleeping in, Cas was watching him closely as he walked over.
“Trying to exorcise a team player? I thought you were smarter, Dean! You were smart enough to get lead here by this other hunter, but stupid enough to challenge me?!” Dean pulled back, gasping in a breath. “How do you know his name?!” Bobby demanded, and the demon simply shrugged.
Dinner was quicker than Dean wanted it to be, and soon they were in Bobby’s pick-up truck planning out their attack.
“I don’t believe I know about that one. I barely even know how to make pancakes, I had to google it up this morning.” Cas responded to one of the probable million questions that Sam had asked him. Dean rubbed his eyes and bent down a little bit to help with the stomach pains. He quietly made his way over to Sam, but when Sam’s eyes met his, he excitedly clapped his hands.
“Because if you look that cute in your uniform every time you work, I definitely wouldn’t mind being here.” Dean couldn’t help but laugh, not only trying to keep the butterflies away but also trying to stop himself from blushing.
“This is getting way too far out of hand. We’re in over our heads.” Dean’s heart sunk as he saw the defeated looks on everyone’s face. He and Bobby made their ways over to the table and were met with a map of Kansas that was covered in red dots, with two or three blue dots sprinkled across. Dean waited for an explanation.
“I know you aren’t.” Cas’s voice was cool, to the point where Dean knew that Cas did not take that joke well. Dean straightened up, but Castiel soon recovered.
“Oh,” Castiel wasn’t expecting that. Not with how Dean had held his waist down in the lobby. The possessiveness of that little gesture, would be hard for anyone to miss.
"Of course I do," Cas says kissing Dean again. Dean kisses back just as harshly. He never thought he would get this. He knew with Lisa that if he ever got her a ring she would have said no. Because they were always going to be temporary. Dean was never meant for settling down. Even as a kid he always thought it would be Sam who wound up with a white picket fence. Not him. But now he's got a cabin in the woods, a couple of kittens, and Cas crawling into his lap.
Dean rolls his eyes because that's the dumbest reason Dean could think of to give a demon shit about. Everyone resents the surge. Especially the angelic community. It's been 300 years ago since magic surged, demons rose, and angels fell. But some people can’t let the event go. Not when it caused so many wars, but even Dean knows the reason it happened isn’t because of a demon. “Dude no one knows why the surge happened. Angel blaming demons for it has always been a crackpot theory. I’ve always thought that.”
Dean drives like he hasn't in years. It was so easy in his twenties to cruise for 8 hours. Sometimes more. Only stopping for snacks, he could eat at the wheel and bathroom breaks and gas. Now Dean ends up stopping in diners to give his back a break. Paying out a small fortune to sleep in slightly nicer hotels. The kind with good mattresses so he can get his four hours without agony.
For once, he doesn't care about the fact that it's obvious they are together. He's spent years shoving himself back into the closet, for his job, but tonight is different. For once in his whole career Dean's taking the night for himself. Cas somehow seems not to notice the attention on them. Either that or he doesn't care. He walks with his head held high. His heels clicking like gunshots on the marble floor. Dean strokes his thumb against his thick waist. Feeling the warm skin beneath his palm and relishes in pissing off some douchebags.
"Cas it's no secret that I don’t like your plans, right? But I don’t think Chuck liked them either,” Dean says, smiling at Cas softly. He always hated it when Cas lost hope. "After you left, I started to try and reason with my brain. I tried to think of moments where it was obvious you wouldn't betray me. And I was thinking about the apocalypse and why Chuck didn't just end everything then. But then I realised he probably would have if you didn't surprise him."
The stores are a crapshoot. Cas it seems isn't the only last-minute prepper. It seems like half the Whitefish population is out getting gear. With the size of the queues, Dean ends up driving back far later than he would have liked. The truck bed filled with canned food, bottled water and insulation. He picks up a few bags, the plastic digging into his fingers as he lumbers up the stairs.
"It does," Castiel admits, thumbing Deans Gala Lilies, "But my ex liked to play, I thought I'd give it a try."
"She mentioned the new girl was arriving today," Claire says slowly, not quite avoiding his eyes. Her gloves are red today. "She didn't say you'd be coming with her though."
Hannah’s wings fluff up. “Fine but I’ve got some great kids who need a Guardian like you. So, you better at least look at those files.” She says. Then, with one more harsh look, she leaves his desk, summoning more files into her hands.
"How can you expect me to help you after this morning. You already told me your little trick won't get me on the stand. It's my choice and I'm saying no Castiel."
"Did you steal this thing or something?" His companion asks, a crooked smirk on his stupidly handsome face.
Cas -" Dean starts, tempering his anger. "I can't keep doing this. I'm so tired of dealing with this stuff."
"Okay," Cas says, biting his lip. Like Dean, he's wearing a homemade hat in green instead of red. He looks like a dork with it on. Dean tries everything not to stare at him like some lovesick fool.
Dean jumps up to help him, trying to think of other questions he can ask Cas about his past. Desperate for any information about his life that Cas is willing to give him. He jumps when he feels a tug on his jeans. Looking down Dean meets the curious green eyes of Cas’s ginger kitten. "Hey, there little guy," He mumbles crouching down so it can sniff his fingers.
“Yeah,” Dean sighs his brother always was a perspective bastard. He doesn't even sound shocked at the news that Claire made a deal. Dean wonders how he missed this. He should have known Claire would pull a stunt like this.
Dean snorts pouring coffee into the biggest mug they own. The handles chipped, and it's the ugliest shade of green Deans ever seen. Cas found it in a garage sale, when Dean had stopped to look at the owner's collection of tapes. Dean had bought it for him without saying a thing about how ugly it was. After all, coffee was the only human thing Cas still had a taste for. His stomach churns. "You say that like me and you haven't had massive blow-outs."
Sam bites his lip, not quite meeting Dean's eye. “You’re not okay, Dean," He says like he's the beacon of mental health at the moment. Looking at Dean's face Sam shakes his head. "I mean, I’m not either you know that. I still need time to deal with everything. But you, Dean you can’t keep putting off what's
Claire bites her lip, fists clenched. “Meanwhile I can't even use the goddamn bus without gloves on because a transport charm drains me. Everyone else gets healing potions and magic, while I’m stuck in the pre-surge years and I want it to stop.” She says, taking a defiant bite of her pie like she thinks this conversation is over now that she’s said her piece.
Dean swallows a groan, scratching his nails down Castiel’s back to steady himself. "Only the really, really hung ones." He says, like Dean ever done anything this stupid in his entire life.
Dean leans against the doorframe. "Yeah, I might have had something to do with it," Dean says, fighting a yawn. "It turns out Nick was the angel Bela sold her soul too."
Cas shakes his head, smile disappearing, "Well considering the fact that you just did, I figure that answers your question." Cas says dryly. Dean's been reading people his whole life but Cas is more difficult than most. He doesn't know if he's happy Dean's here or pissed as hell. It’s sorta freaking Dean out. He hasn't felt this nervous about someone he's into since he asked Robin to Homecoming. Then suddenly Cas smiles, "That isn't to say I don't like it, though."
Dean laughs. “Fuck, if that’s what it takes to get your name I don't want to know what it would take to get your number.”
Dean stares at her. "Psychic?" He guesses, trying not to flush at what she might have seen in his head.
By the time he makes it to Whitefish, he feels like he's gained ten years. The sun’s setting behind him, catching the golden trees and russet leaves. It's a picturesque place. The kind of beautiful Dean forgets exists when he's caught up with some apocalypse or another. Driving through it on the 93 Dean can't help but look around. It's a tourist spot, full of mom-&-pop shops and cafes. Dean never really took the time to explore it when he was hiding out here. The leviathans had been a more pressing concern, but he kind of sees why Cas would want to run here.
"Personally over 100," Naomi says, her eyes cold. "St Michael’s has the best reputation in the country."
Dean scowls, anxiety clawing up his throat. "You have far too much faith in me after everything I've done."
Castiel turns and walks away, Dean hot on his heels. A demon walking down the hall gives Dean a fugitive look.
Dean rolls his eyes. “You know what I meant,” he says, using his other hand to grab Castiel's ass and pull him closer until he can roll his cock against Castiel's hip. “How the hell does a deputy get built like a brick house, anyway?”
Castiel's bar does live music sometimes. He works in the kind of "classy" establishment that requires its staff to wear waistcoats and ties but for some reason, it brings in the hipster crowd. Castiel blames the fairy lights that cover the support beams. Meg, his fellow server, blames the fact they've got a smoking garden bigger than a postage stamp. They're probably both right because the crowds come in droves. Gabriel as the owner is the kind of man that can see money in a cornfield. So naturally, he caters to his crowd. They do movie nights every two weeks, board games every month and every Saturday there's a gig.
She did have a shit week. The guy she brought to the Plaza had tried to skimp out without paying. Fucker got physical when Meg confronted him about it. Meg, long past a rookie, brought her knife and used what Castiel had taught her to fight back. So the guy paid up, plus interest, thanks to a slice in the thigh. Still, Meg was pretty shaken up after.
"You're beautiful," Dean says without hesitation wrapping his arm around Cas's shoulder. Pressing another kiss to his hair.
"I am," Castiel mutters, swerving lanes. Dean flinches. "It was an accident, Dean. There's no loophole in the contract. I never planned to force you to do anything."
Dean swallows, Castiels eyes are so blue... And now is not the time to be thinking things like that. It's been years since he admitted this to anyone. But Dean needs Castiel to understand why today crossed the line. He needs Castiel to know that while he is sympathetic he can't go through with this deal anymore. “My dad sold his soul in a crossroads deal.”
Cas frowns, considering Deans offer looking down at his hands. He sighs, "Okay, I suppose that’s fair."
"Hopefully," Sam says, dropping his spoon into the bowl with a pleasant clink. "He's still got the GPS turned off on his phone, but we’ve got all the stuff we need for a tracking spell is in the basement."
“Yeah, yeah fuck,” Dean gasps out, trying to match his pace to the slick noises he can hear from Cas’s end of the call.
"No!" Dean snaps, closing his eyes with shame. He really wanted to try and be cool about this."Cas it's fine I can do this. Let me fix it."
Castiel grins as Dean closes the car door. Turning around Dean enters the station. Tapping the files against his palm. He should have known everything between him and Castiel was just too good to be true. They aren't in a relationship, at worst, Dean's a fancy hooker and Castiel is an asshole. And at best they’re colleagues who fuck. Either way, they're not exactly a romantic couple that does lazy mornings together. This morning was just... pretending.
Normally Dean is never this stupid. He never takes risks, but tonight is shaping up to be a wonderful experience altogether. First, he gets dumped, and then he goes and gets lost. Because of course, Crowley wouldn't install a Satnav in his classic cars. What’s worse is no one seems like they want to help him. He knows he’s not exactly in the best parts of town, and he's looking to get to Beverly Hill’s for Christ's sake. He knows that screams rich prick. Honestly, when he was younger, Dean would have messed around with someone like him as well. So the hobo telling him his box was Tom Cruise's place, while rude, kinda makes sense. What totally doesn't make sense is the guy currently hogging up his passenger seat.
“So how was work?” Dean asks, after eating a mouthful. It's a pretty generic meal, but Dean's too hungry to even care.
It's dark and sweet, just the way he likes it. He swallows it down fast enough that it scalds his throat. The pain only goes so far to ease his guilt. Even when he's pissed as hell at Dean, Cas still showed him kindness. Because even if he is angry, Cas is a decent person. Deans hasn't felt this shitty about himself in a while.
It was almost dawn when Cas looked at Dean under his lashes, a smirk on his face. "I wouldn't be adverse to you biting me, Dean. However, I would ask for some venom in return. I would like to test its healing properties." Cas had said because he was weirdly forward like that.
Dean is sitting at the bar watching Castiel finish up his shift so he can drive him home. Their schedules are almost completely on opposite ends. Dean teaches during the day, Meanwhile, Castiel works bar hours and goes to night school. Even with Deans enthusiasm for morning sex. It's rare for either of them will see each other before 10 am or after 10 pm.
hooker, his stocks would plummet. But Dean still can't help himself from thinking about the guy's mouth.
“And do you think that it’s important that Jack attends a specialised school? I’m sure some here may argue there are other ways for an Archangel to get trained.”
Archangels arent like other angels. They are nuclear reactors. Gods power made flesh. It's why they trained to harness their powers so young. And it's why they govern angelic society. Hell in some states Archangels are worshipped for what they are. All because Archangels make angels feel safe. Deans not sure if Jack would be able to comprehend that responsibility. Not if he doesn't mix with his own kind. He has no clue how Jack could lead a society he's never been apart off and that's where the problems are.
Castiel rolls his eyes and straightens. For all her faults Castiel doesn't know what he would have done without this woman in his life. "Take care of yourself." He says strutting over to the car. Allowing the heels to lengthen his gait.
Benny's place is good for meetings because it always feels relaxed. It’s probably a charm to make people leave their issues at the door. Like those fancy coffee shops on Overland. But it’s cheaper and Benny cooks like a God so it's way better in Deans opinion.
Working makes it easier. Dean can be someone else for a client. He's never a mess of a man when he's working. He's the voice of reason, a pillar of support and he loves it. Meeting with his most recent charge relaxes him. Patience is a new psychic, a little bit too old to learn about her powers but she works at it. She's got the kind of smarts that reminds him of Kevin but is as stubborn as Claire on her worst days. Her visions are a mess.
Inside is a neatly organised stockpile. Handguns and shotguns and bullets; knives made of silver and gold and bronze; herbs and spices and pungent gun oil; tubs of salt and crowbars; brass knuckle and machetes; all hidden by a two feet wide felt piece that Dean casually holds up with a sawed-off shot shotgun.
“Because my brothers are monsters, Dean!” Cas growls back, standing to yell at Dean with wholly righteous fury, “they will murder the world for this fight and they’ll use your brother's body to do it.”
“None of it,” Charlie says, waving her hands even though she’s supposed to be fucking driving. “I’m just saying if you apologize for being a dick, maybe even tell him why -”
He just hopes she's clean enough to work tonight. He hates standing in the corner by himself. Castiel’s still too new at the job to pick up clients the way Meg does with ease. At least getting ready has gotten easier. He can’t afford to miss prime-time on the Boulevard by feeling sorry for himself.
Patience groans again, her phone lighting up on the table. She blinks at it, then jumps from the table. "How the hell does being psychic make me more likely to be late for things?”  She says grabbing her gym bag from under the table. Dean laughs standing up as well.
Dean blinks, looking at Sam and Rowena who both seem just as confused by how agitated Gabriels become. His wings won't sit still.
"Slow your roll stud,” Cas says, rolling his eyes. “You look like a goddamn hedgehog with your hair like that."
"I'm working on it," Castiel says, watching Jack out of the corner of his eye. "I promise you I'm not going to let you lose him."
Sam sighs, “You need to read the contract. Look for anything that mentions using Claire's abilities. Ask Claire for her copy.”
Castiel rolls his eyes. “Just because your charming and I saw ghost doesn't mean I can just let you go, I like my job, Dean.”
An eleven-hour drive is impossible on the best of days, but now he doesn't even have someone to switch with. Since Sam’s not here, Dean ends up pulling at the first motel he sees. Like a puppy, Cas’s head rises from the window when the car stops, looking both sympathetic and hopeful. Dean hates him a little bit. “Don’t get your hopes up. I’m just getting four hours then I’m heading to Stull. You can fuck off for all I care.”
Humans weren’t meant to be isolated. They’re social creatures, whether they like it or not. Dean knows this, he learnt about it in high school for Christ’s sake. But it never seemed to matter until he stepped foot on Campbell Ranch.
Dean swallows hard and steps away from Cas. "I would like to remind you that I was once a demon." He says, grabbing his plate and trying to sound as surly as possible. Cas laughs bringing his plate to the kitchen counter. Where he continues to grin at Dean's embarrassment. "Shut up, you're happy too."
Freezing water pounds down on Deans skull. He knows he needs to leave the shower and get ready. That was his excuse to leave the room for crying out loud but Amara. Fucking Amara. Deans stomach feels like it’s being pulled towards her despite everything he feels for Cas. He scrubs more soap over his right arm. The skin is pink and puffy as he rubs at again and again. Trying to remove a sting that's no longer there.
Back at the desk, he lifts the ziplock bag from the pile to stare at the ring inside. It really is a beautiful piece, and despite what Dean told him he wants to touch. He has to touch it, maybe even wear it. Turning his back from Dean completely, he opens the bag and pours the ring into his palm. Running his fingers over the thick, knotted gold band he places it carefully on his ring finger. Surprisingly it fits perfectly like it was made for him. Entranced, he runs his thumb over the warm metal until he reaches the seal. It's a simple design, really. An ornate J is placed in the centre, surrounded by knotted ivy, on the flat black surface. When he thumbs over the raised edges the heat increases. Castiel gasps, tearing the ring off his finger.
left, but Sam never bought it. Cas wouldn't  leave without telling Sam goodbye, not after everything that happened. Dean eventually admitted that they fought, and that Cas walked out. It's not surprising that Sam thinks it was his fault. Dean's sniping those few days had been anything but subtle. "What I said to him - It wasn’t something you can just move past.”
Dean sighs and pushes the door open, blinking when Castiel looks up from his desk, his eyebrow raised. “What do you want Dean?” He asks, still sounds pissed as hell. This was such a bad idea. Dean should have to give him time to cool off, even if time isn't something Bela can’t afford.
He walks to the door, Megs voice ringing in his ears. He can still see her sitting outside the dressing room while he tried to find the right look.
"Fucking hell," Dean says again, watching Cas's ass in the mirror as he walks back to his bike. It seems coming here wasn't a bad idea after all.
"Your the best thing that ever happened to me Cas," Dean says. Grabbing Cas's waist and flipping them over so Cas is lying back against the couch. Cas blinks up at Dean wide-eyed and Dean leans down kissing him
Dean laughs, "I've seen animal documentary's less brutal than that." Dean says, scratching the back of his neck. "Listen, man, do you want to come upstairs with me?"
Dean laughs, “Nope, I mean Bobby's mortal, but he makes up for that by being the surliest bastard alive.”
"Kicked puppy," She says, summoning the kettle over to fill her mugs. "It's painful to watch really. How long have you two been pining over each other?'
' his little brother is while when wearing bruises under his eyes. They make a strange pair, the world's famous Winchester brothers. Whose insides are only held together by duct tape, whiskey, and spite these days. Dean hopes teaching will help Sam realize everything not helpless. Those hunters that died during Michael’s raid had left him raw and wrung out for days. But Dean remembers what he was like before. Strong, confident. A real leader in a room where everyone saw that spark, Dean saw in him his whole life. Dean wants his brother to have that again. He deserves to have it again.
Castiel has one second to look surprised before Dean kneels over Castiel’s spread legs and swallows him down. "Сладкая божья матерь!" Castiel yells arching into Dean’s mouth, his hand instantly tangling in Deans hair. "This - This is why I like America." He gasps, eyes closing in pleasure.
Charlie sips her coffee, considering him. “Fine, there's this kid, and she's in police custody. Terrible home life which y' know lead to some murderous intentions. The usual."
Packing up never takes long because it's not like he ever relaxes in these motels and it's not long till he's on the road. Hitting the gas hard and hoping like fuck he isn’t about to ruin everything.
Cas breathes Dean's name over and over again into his ear, like a prayer. His hand is warm and soothing as it grips the mark he made when he saved Dean from Hell as he rocks into Dean's hand. Cas pants harshly against Dean's cheek and comes, eyes wide and faintly shining blue as he spills all over Dean's stomach with a moan. Dean loses it; he bites down hard on Cas shoulder as he comes apart with a sob at this frustrating heavenly being falling apart on top of him. The sobbing doesn’t stop, even when Cas cradles him tight to his chest.
"I recommend that Jack remains in his mother's care until he reaches an age where he can make his own decisions. He's happy where he is. I don't see why we should ruin his life because he suddenly has some new powers." Dean says, his palms tingling.
Doug huffs something like a laugh, adjusting his grip on his prisoner’s arm. “Naw, just a weird one?”
Castiel blinks, both the redness and the pain disappearing in an instant. For a second its Castiel looks apologetic. He almost seems surprised by his own actions but then the look is gone. Replaced by Castiels stone-faced expression.
"I'm afraid of heights," Dean says distractedly. Flicking through some of his papers again. Castiel throws his bag down on the couch, wondering if this is really how Dean wants to spend his hundred bucks.
Meg smiles, taking in the gorgeous vintage and sees dollar signs. "You take this one angel, see if you can score some rent money."
Taking the slate out of Dean's hands, he pulls him into the centre of the room and grabs gloves off the table. Dean winks at him, Castiel rolls his eyes. “So Dean, what kind of frat asks its pledges to dig graves?”
"We're going to win Cas," Dean promises into his mouth. Sighing lightly as Cas nods and pulls him closer.
"Who?" Sam asks while Dean's stomach sinks like a stone. He doesn’t like where this conversation is going.
“You have both giving me a lot to consider,” Raphael says, looking between both lawyers. “Court is adjourned until tomorrow where we will question the parents. Mr Winchester, you may take your seat.”
Castiel almost smiles, “Yes, providing she doesn't make another deal to kill her father. She'll be alright. At least on the soul front.”
“You expect me to believe you're giving a kid a contract that's probably worth millions for a few day's work? C’mon man, I’m not stupid. What do you want from her?”
Dean stumbles in at 3 am with a smile on his face. Sam is thankfully not awake to see Dean basking in the afterglow of a frankly amazing night and Dean wants to keep it that way. The last way he wants to come out to his brother is Sam catching Dean walking more bow-legged than usual towards his room with beard-burn on his neck. Sam would never let him live that kind of thing down.
"Yes, I did,” Naomi says primly. “With miss Kline’s current financial situation, it would be impossible for us to accept Jack. Even with our scholarships. I fear many of the specialised schools will have trouble accepting him for the same reason. That is if his current living situation doesn’t change.”
“Basically yes,” Castiel says, tapping his knife against the desk. “Balancing a deal however is where things get complicated. When making a deal the contract weighs what the deal is worth against the price the writer wants for it. Without a balanced price, the deal fails.”
Castiel appears in the hallway while Dean is unmuzzling Cerberus. His relaxed look from this morning is gone now. Instead, he's fully embracing the corporate drone aesthetic. His tie is perfect; his shirt and jacket unrumpled. He's even carrying a freaking briefcase.
Dean - a forty-year-old stoic CEO - giggles like twelve-year-old saying boobs for the first time. "Now who's setting up the innuendos?"
Jack sticks out his hand and tilts his head in the exact same way Castiel does sometimes. Dean swallows, shaking Jacks hand and feeling the kid's power surging through his grace. With every other angel, it's just a spark, a little flare-up letting Dean know he's connected to one of his brethren. But when he met Gabriel for the first time it felt like shaking hand with lightning. This kid feels a little like that. Not as strong at least not yet at least. Jacks definitely an Archangel and if his mother is as mortal as Castiel says she is. There's no doubt in Deans mind that this case is going to be a bitch.
Dean freezes, caught up in Cas’s gaze before he grabs him by the lapels of his coat. “You're a fucking dick,” Dean says again then kisses him squarely on the mouth. Cas makes a surprised and angry sound but clutches at Dean's shirt. Pulling him in tight and close as he kisses Dean back ferociously, pushing at Dean's shoulders until he’s crowded against the room's shitty table.
