Turning his head, he looked to where Sherlock was sitting, towel in hand, furrow in his brow. To anyone else looking on Sherlock may seem merely reflective. But knowing him as he did, even from this distance, John could see the uncertainly behind Sherlock’s expression. Something was wrong and Sherlock knew it. He was just unable to determine just what was wrong. That was sometimes the problem with very intelligent, gifted people, they often missed the obvious even when it was right in front of them.
The box in question held an assortment of records. Some were reasonably new, some considerably older, a couple were even still in their wrapping. Queen's Greatest Hits 1 and 2. Nigel Kennedy playing Vivaldi's Four Seasons. Soundtrack from some movie called
"Is it okay to hang up my wet things?" he asked when it became clear that his presence hadn't been noticed.
He heard the jeep approach. He heard the engine stop. He heard the door open and close, heard the feet crunch on the path. He heard the strong heartbeat, steady and only slightly elevated.
The doctor's hands felt cool as they gently caught his and held him. Nothing intrusive. Nothing encroaching. Nothing compared to what Sherlock had just done to him.
“Fine,” Sherlock said and quickly pressed send without even amending the message. Git must have pre-empted him.
It was mildly unsettling, because no one else had ever truly been interested in his deductions. Mummy and Daddy had humoured him more than anything, and Mycroft had always been better at it. His classmates at school had not liked it, and his university acquaintances had either hated it or tried to use it to their own advantage. A little
He slipped the key into the ignition. Somehow he wasn't surprised when the engine failed to turn over properly. The red blinking light on the dashboard told him that in one thing at least the doctor hadn't been lying.
Looking round, he tried to decide what else he could do. There was nothing more he could do to the room, so the only thing left was, well, him.
“Wonderful lob there from Holmes. Considering that Watson isn’t the tallest of players, it’s surprising that Holmes hasn’t tried for more of them so far this match.”
Then a beat, a small smile and that slightly twisted sense of humour. "If I'd known you’d keep bolting outside in inadequate clothing, I would have considered doing this in summer."
“It’s Watson’s turn to serve and at the other end Holmes looks ready for him. Watson’s serve, Holmes forehand and what a return there from Holmes. He stepped in there and put everything behind that shot pushing it deep into the far corner. Watson can only look on in disbelief.”
"You're studying Chemistry at Kings, and as young as you were, your deductions were the talk of the village even when I was there."
A few more metres and it suddenly became apparent why the doctor had brought him there and by that route. Before him lay the ruins of a stone structure, thousands of years in age, and yet somehow obvious in its feel and function, as behind it, stretched out in panoramic beauty, lay the loch and all it touched.
"You alright?" the doctor asked, honestly looking like he wanted to know the answer regardless of what it might be.
Pressing his palm against the cold stone, he stared at the rough texture. This place had seen death, he somehow knew, but also life. Caledonians and Picts, Romans and Saxons, Vikings and Normans. One group displacing the last then being displaced themselves, but all through that something else, someone else.
“Here.” Sherlock handed it over with only mild amount of flourish. “Lestrade insisted it was traditional to give at least one wrapped gift.”
Jealousy was an emotion he was no stranger to. He hated the effortlessness with which his brother held his superior intelligence. He ignored those around him who revelled in their easy friendships and human connections. And now he found himself desperately envious of the stranger who had shared this cottage, his time, his life with the man downstairs. The stranger who had owned this instrument. The dead genius who had been so markedly loved and so painfully mourned.
"It is quite simple," he said. "As I have already proclaimed, once you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, not matter how improbable-"
“And Holmes is wasting no time out here in this fourth set. It’s as if he wants this over with as soon as possible. He’s attacking Watson’s serve right from the get go. He’s not letting Watson settle at all.”
They both moaned, and it was bloody brilliant. So bloody brilliant. All the way in, Sherlock waited, breathing into John's back, then it was all movement and heat and mind-blowing brilliance. Sherlock’s strokes were strong, deep and hit his prostate with nearly every thrust. Over and over and-
Looking away, he took a moment to take in everything he had previously glossed over. There was a barrage of previously ignored information already stored in his brain and he opened his mouth before he even really knew where to begin.
"The violin?" the doctor shrugged, glancing up from his latest book, some rubbish on the pseudoscience of reincarnation. "Not that much. I know it's old. It was left to Harry. He hadn't played for years before that and I think it frustrated him that he had lost some of the skill. Why?"
There was a small hill to the east of the castle. Although small was only comparable to the would-be mountains around him, it would still take the best part of an hour to ascend. But once up he would have a decent view of the immediate valley and would be able to scavenge for wood as he went.
“And the double break from Holmes. He’s now taken four games in a row and this match could be all over very shortly.
"Alright, here," he heard just before his view was obscured first by legs, then by heavy fabric that was dropped unceremoniously onto his face. "Put that on and get your boots. We're going out."
Swallowing, Sherlock accepted it with a nod, averting his gaze in an attempt to lessen the built up intensity.
It stopped. The heat, the sensations, the intensity, it all stopped, even as his body screamed in protest.
Yes, they were his preferred make, sturdy, comfortable, reliable. Definitely more than worthy to be match socks.
He resisted the hand guiding him upwards out of the chair. "S'nice here," he said. "Warm. Cold up there."
, and then he was coming down, coming back, and he wanted to cry, but he couldn't, but it felt right, and it felt good, and he was feeling in the first place, and that in itself was alarming, because he didn't do
He rolled a three, considered the board, and then with a flash of a grin, sunk his hat on top of Sherlock's.
Sherlock considered the instrument. Without a bow he was limited in what he could play, but slipping the violin under his chin, he closed his eyes and started to pluck. He was a little surprised when what came out was Edvard Griegs'
Moving to the bookshelf, he pulled out a couple of the newer books he had helped shelve a week ago, flicking to the publishing dates. 1991, 1988, 1983. All the way back to 1976.
Oliver was certainly not without potential and was more than happy to accept some advice from the only living British Wimbledon men’s champion. Apparently John was an inspiration, a living legend, and nothing John could do or say was going to change that.
Moving back into the main room, Sherlock looked round with an eye to see what wasn't in that room, as well as what was.
John laughed. “Yeah, right,” he said. “Pull the other one. We were in Cincinnati two weeks ago and you barely knew which state it was in.”
"What then, was I to do? I could not, in good conscience, involve the authorities in such a matter, for even if they believed me as to the true nature of the club and to the nature of the members - none of whom, I had determined, other than this individual, were responsible for anything untoward - there was a good possibility the authorities would judge all as guilty and thus treat all the same.
If I had a word for it, I would call it providence that the first time we should meet in this life, Sherlock Holmes was experimenting on blood.
But the doctor liked him. Liked him enough to abduct him. Had told him how much he liked him. Then even though he had tried to escape, the doctor hadn't been angry, had just come to find him as he said he would, and waited patiently for him, and had bought him steak as a treat for dinner.
Outside of the previous conversation, that was the most Scottish he had ever heard the doctor be. Up until that point, the doctor's Scottish identity had occurred to him more intellectually than in actuality, little different from the fair weathered Scots he had come across down south. The type of person who was proud of their Scottish heritage, but who believed a holiday cottage in the Highlands, a kilt, and some Gaelic poetry made them as native as the next Highlander.
And once he again he just wanted to stay there, his face pressed against the chest, his body wrapped within those strong arms, where he could just forget the world, forget himself, forget everything, everything except-
Momentarily unsure, he hesitated until cool fingers pressed expertly against his wrist directly over his radial artery.
He nodded before tentatively reaching out a hand to press against the doctor's chest. "Alright," he echoed, reaching down to press a gentle kiss to those lips. "But I do believe it's my turn," he added.
It was some considerable time later that I returned, only to find Holmes in such a state he was barely recognisable from the man he had been when I had departed. Although he was now dressed and befitting company, he had about him a look of bedragglement and anguish, as if he had spent hours pacing and worrying his fingers through his hair.
The creases on the doctor's face deepened as he fought a smile. "Is there anyone who doesn't want oral sex?"
“Happy Birthday,” he said, his voice cracking a little around the words he obviously hadn’t been planning on saying.
It wasn’t the most coherent of questions, John had to admit, so maybe he deserved the briefly raised eyebrow as the only response as Sherlock’s fingers continued to fly over the keys of his mobile.
“It’s a bit of a clash this one. They might not have played each other at this level before, but if anyone knows the other player’s weaknesses you would think these two might considering the frankly astonishing doubles showing they had in Toronto. Holmes doesn’t exactly have a reputation of playing nice with others, but with Watson, well they’ve found something. In the last two months they’ve been training together, practicing together, playing doubles together. They’ve even been spotted eating out together. They’ve certainly proved they can work together. Now they get to go head-to-head and it could be rather explosive.”
"I had hoped to spare you the anguish you now find yourself in," I said in confession. "But in truth I thought you already suspected my true nature, but that in respect to our situation chose out of delicacy and politeness to turn a blind eye to those habits and inclinations. So let me make this as clear as is able. There are two things in this world for which I will never offer apology.
What two men might do together was for them to decide provided it did not interfere with the expectation for marriage or an heir. For me, it had not been that relatively long since I had enjoyed the pleasures of a royal bedchamber, and had then had to save my young future lover from the wandering eye of that same Scottish English King.
Anyway, Mycroft was busy utilising his unique meddling skills in Hong Kong on behalf of the Motherland. Even his reach did not stretch half way round the globe, at least not since Uncle Rudy had been taken ill.
Indeed, so fascinated by my differing physiology, my previous Sherlock had discarded his initial shock and scepticism in favour of in-depth scientific exploration. That it had taken so little time for that exploration to take on a more
The press hovered around for a bit, taking the usual photographs, but stayed at a respectful distance. They did shout a few questions at him as he packed up after practice: what did he think was his chances of beating Holmes; what was the highlight so far; was he enjoying being back?
He swore as he grappled for a pillow, anything to grip onto as Sherlock really got to work. The blow job might have been brilliant, but this was... exquisite.
He gasped as he pressed his palm into his lap, then scrambled to his feet, stumbling for the bathroom, slamming the door shut behind him.
"You said about me," Sherlock finally broached, the words awkward on his tongue, "but what about you? Will you be-"
He ran the towel once more over his face before dropping it onto his chair. Grabbing the spare towel, he made his way to his end of the court and swapped the towel with the ball boy for some balls.
My reaction was considerably less controlled and I can only assume my initial reaction to his words to have been one of a complete lack of composure.
The doctor, it seemed, had been busy. Three boxes and two bags lay open around him, and gaps on the shelves spoke of works being removed as well as added.
He dropped the book onto the coffee table before taking the second armchair. The doctor looked quizzically at the book, then back to him, a questioning expression on his face.
"Ah, yeah, no," the doctor said, straightening himself. "My middle name. John H. Watson. Not something I really use down south. What?" He trailed off.
"I wasn't sure you would remember me," the man said, turning away to bend over the tray. A moment later a tall glass of cold water was offered to him. "Here, this should help, but sip, don't gulp. It won't do any good if you bring it all up again."
“Yeah, well those moments happen in a match. You hit a few bad balls, you lose a little concentration, and suddenly you’re points down and immediately under pressure.”
He took a few seconds to allow it to sink in before starting on the post-victory rituals. He waved to the crowd, and then jogged over to the net to shake hands with his opponent and then with the umpire. He took another drink and then packed up his things, making sure the lids were firmly screwed shut on the bottles and his rackets were safe and secure. He completed the courtside interview with an easy smile and some slight self-deprecating humour. He wasn’t sure how the Americans would take the humour, but figured those watching at home would appreciate it.
He continued to plod onwards, the road running in a not disastrous south-easterly direction. Two miles at least covered and he still hadn't yet seen any other sign of civilisation, not even a telegraph pole.
“Trouble, definitely. Three points in a row for Watson and a double break point. His game plan, well that’s paying off. He’s been bashing those balls right back to Holmes, challenging every shot, attacking every ball. He’s done a lot of hard work. Can he now drive home this advantage?”
The fingers momentarily fisted in his hair before relaxing even as many other muscles in Sherlock’s body remained tense. His arse, for one, was delightful to hold like this, firm and shapely and round. Which only helped to remind John that his lover was still an arrogant know-it-all arse.
Shouldering his bag, he started towards it, scrambling up parts, slipping in others, gathering brush wood in his hands until finally, just as the sun was completing its final descent, he reached the top.
I was intrigued by this as I did not believe my friend to be in the possession of a firearm or sword and told him so.
"You are, I presume, one of those who appear human but unlike us must consume blood rather than food to survive. Some more romantic souls might call you a seducer of the innocent, a so called creature of the night. In short, I believe you to be a member of the group of beings John Polidori sensationally described as Vampyres. I am, however, working on an incomplete data set, so please correct me if I am erroneous in theory, but on the matter of you not being quintessentially human, I am fully aware."
"There is no need to concern yourself with my reaction, Watson. Whatever the matter, I doubt I shall be surprised. There is little that I do not already know about you and even less still that I have not already deduced."
“Is that right?” John said, pressing upwards to capture his partner’s lips again. “I was hoping you’d say that.”
"But I am them as well," Sherlock continued. "Henry Arthur Sherlock. Edwin Sherlock George Holmes. Sherlock Charles Havering. I am all of them, but I am still me, and you are still mine.
He did not expect the lips to his spine, or the teeth to his hips, or the kiss to his bum. He certainly didn't expect the tongue against him
He had no idea what the doctor would do when he failed to return, but with a bit of luck he wouldn't have to find out. Regardless of where he was in the Highlands, he would have to hit civilisation at some point, especially if he travelled in a southerly direction. Even if no one believed the 'kidnapped from my university by a man with a sexual predilection for intelligent gay men' story, they would certainly believe the 'foolish, lost English student'. Someone would help him. He just had to get far enough away not to be found first.
"I want to explore your body. I want to hear you pant, hear you beg, hear you sigh. I want to make your back arch, your legs flex, your fingers strain to find something to grasp onto. I want to kiss you and suck you and bite you. I want to make you feel things you never thought possible, show you things you never thought pleasurable, and take you to places you never knew existed.
The hand on his arm startled him and he snapped his head round to find the doctor beside him, a warm expression on his face.
His first realisation was that the vast majority of the pieces were either original pieces or unique arrangements of familiar tunes. His second realisation was that the main handwriting was not of the deceased lover.
He huffed with the realisation that he was not only expected to go and fetch it, but that it had never even crossed Sherlock’s mind that he wouldn’t.
"Question." Obviously. Sherlock cocked his head to one side. "Unless you'd prefer it as a form of address."
Pulling himself upright, John propped himself against the headboard but didn’t make an effort to move any further.
"Then there’s me. Practically a stranger. Someone who has for some reason picked you out of a crowd, someone who somehow
He stared as the doctor sat forward, tongue reaching out to press against the lower lip. "I've shocked you." The head tilted a little to the left. "Is it what I said?" Tongue now swiping across the upper lip. "Or was it how I said it?"
Sherlock was quite naturally winning, but the third set wasn’t quite over yet, at least statistically.
“Dinner, tonight,” Sherlock said, eyes fixed on his mobile screen as his thumbs danced over the buttons. “I trust that’s good with you.” Sherlock looked up suddenly with a slight frown as if it had only just occurred to him that it might not be alright with John.
“They’re called underlings, darling,” she said after he’d managed to slip in the question after she had pummelled him with a rather detailed update on his near future commitments. “No, not the clients,” she corrected, “my staff. Yes, there is more than just me. Of course you don’t know them, my number one client naturally gets the personal touch, and don’t you deny that you love it. I know you, Mr Watson.”
“Alright. Good,” John said, breathing out, leaning back as he returned to looking straight ahead. “Just thought I’d check.” He tapped his fingers absently on his thigh.
That was something that just couldn’t do. Not after all the effort Sherlock had gone to. There would be plenty of other opportunities to persuade Sherlock that sometimes simple was better.
His brain clicked and suddenly the deductions rushed in quicker than he could consciously process, but they all pointed to the same thing with an obviousness that he couldn't believe he had previously missed; the wide eclectic taste in records and books, the alterations and missing pictures from the bedroom, the sheer number of two player games. The fact he was here in the first place.
Holding his gaze, Sherlock gave a slight nod. Then looking away, he licked his lips. "What else would there be?" he asked, looking back. "Kissing?"
He left it on, but turned it down. That just left the door. Unlocked, obviously, but also unlatched and slightly open. Not too open, but welcoming, expected.
I waited until after the case of the resident patient, when I thought he would be the least distracted and most receptive to my words.
“Well,” Sherlock said, glancing down at their joined hands, “did you know that four of New York City’s square parks were once cemeteries?”
From previous experiences, Sherlock had always taken reasonably well the eventual revelation of my true age and identity, as he also had my sexual preferences. The reveal of all often inevitably came close together, and although the moment was often fraught with the possibility of fear or rejection, it had always worked out pleasingly well in the end.
"Absolutely," the doctor... John, he mentally corrected, said. "Who wouldn't be while having the smartest... sexiest... most sensual being around, in their arms... calling their name... accepting their kisses."
It took him longer than he had expected to eat and get ready, but everything was where the doctor had said it would be. With the coats he found a small rucksack that was big enough to take his sandwiches, crisps, biscuits and drinks. He filled a flask with black coffee and slipped it into the side holder. He added two of the small unopened bottles of water, then threw in an extra packet of ginger nut biscuits when the doctor was out of the room.
After a period of adjustment, a sort of equilibrium is reached, a meeting point between the man he is and the men who have gone before. This might reveal itself in a previous interest being once more taken up or new talents being discovered. Holmes' knowledge of geography and seafaring certainly improved following the most recent change, although that did not stretch to astronomy, a subject he continued to treat with contempt.
had been an argument he was not keen on repeating, even if it had led to the ridiculous bet and the even more ridiculously sight of long, gorgeous legs over his shoulders as he had vigorously shown his lover that there was life in him yet. Of course, that had only proved Sherlock right, but by god it had been a glorious shag, even if Sherlock had dragged him to the warm-up courts at some ridiculous time the next morning when he could have been taking advantage of the large, empty bed instead.
It was only as the final note of the current piece died away that he realised he was no longer alone.
“This is what we mean when we say he’s playing with confidence. He knew what he needed to do in order to win the point, and he not only believed that he could pull it off but he trusted his ability to do so, and he’s been rewarded for it.”
His books were also still on the table, but had been tidied and neatly stacked. Their mugs from the night before had been washed and left to dry on the draining board. The doctor's pyjamas were neatly folded in a bag near the doctor's armchair. Other than that there was little sign of change, which made it hard to estimate how long the doctor had actually gone for.
With his late breakfast and terrible eating habits, he had hardly noticed the missed meal until the doctor pointed it out. He also recognised a deflection when he heard it.
The first real road sign gave the distance and direction of Inverness. They both made a point of ignoring it. It did, however, give him a better reference as to their location, a fact the doctor would also not have missed. Then again, he was hardly attempting to escape.
Slow and unhurried, the kiss felt almost sweet, Sherlock almost tentative in his ministrations, body shifting, softening into a closer embrace that left John with an armful of professional tennis player.
There were, well, a lot of them. Far more than he had expected. Most were comments on his last post, telling him that of course he could beat Holmes, or were wishing him luck. Some tried to give him advice on playing Sherlock, which was amusing. Some tried to tell him to stay positive, he’d beaten Moriarty, of course he could beat Holmes. A couple even offered suggestions of restaurants they could go to.
He sat back in his seat again. "I'm guessing you've always heard it spoken of in a demeaning way, something demanded, something taken. And yes, it can be. A man can take their pleasure, demand it as their due, and leave it at that, but it can be so much more. When offered it can be a beautiful gift. When freely given it can shift the power from the receiver to the giver."
indeed. Idiot. So where is it? Where’s your blood stocks? I know you have some here somewhere. You drank last night, or we couldn’t have done what we did. So where is it? Where is the rest?"
"What was it like," he asked as he stared into the liquid, "when you first realised that you weren’t like everyone else, that you liked-" He trailed off.
That probably wouldn’t be too bad. A bit wet, a bit weird, but he could do that. Probably. It wasn’t exactly something he had much experience of, but the mechanics looked simple enough. Mouths, lips, tongues – apparently.
Sherlock froze at the words and for a moment his confidence slipped into uncertainty. John could almost see the dozen thoughts rapidly going through Sherlock’s mind and it made him regret ever saying anything. Not because his comment had been wrong, or cruel or insulting, far from it, but simply because it was obviously something that Sherlock hadn’t considered and as such was throwing out all the conclusions Sherlock had come to.
Sherlock came in just over an hour later, animated about something inane one of the reporters had apparently said to him. He complained profusely, dropped his stuff all over the place and looked so alive that John suddenly knew exactly what his decision would be.
He continued to play as he thought, moving from one piece to the next, his fingers dancing over the strings as if they belonged there.
For a moment it became brilliantly clear just how well this had been orchestrated. He was alone, in the middle of nowhere, with an obviously clever man who could do whatever he wanted to him, and no one would find out until it was far too late.
He awkwardly raised his eyes, meeting the doctor's gaze. There was warmth and affection there, but also a hungry longing barely contained behind the soft smile.
And if he had to have sex to secure the instrument, then so be it. That was the price, he had concluded, that he was willing to pay. At least the sex would then be on his terms, and his body was only transport anyway.
He had had a plan, and that plan had involved a week of uninterrupted cocaine solutions. The plan had not involved waking up in an unknown bed with no memory of how he had got there.
"You may have no intention of hurting me," he said quietly, "but you also have no intention of seeing out the consequences of kidnapping me either. Or at least not in the legal sense. You could promise not to hurt me, because in the end it wouldn't matter if I reported the abduction or not, the outcome was always going to be the same.
They were nearly back now, the jeep having rounded the bend of the hill, turning down onto the road that would end back at the cottage. Although by circumventing the hill lines, the road was markedly longer in distance, it was considerably shorter in time.
For once Sherlock stopped, his mouth shutting with a click, his eyes darting about as if searching for something that he had missed.
“I’m an idiot,” he said firmly, smiling when Sherlock grunted in agreement with him. “Forgive me. Thank you. It is thoughtful, and kind, and rather romantic actually,” he added, drawing away to cup Sherlock’s face in his hands. “No, don’t scoff, it is, and that’s not a bad thing. Just because I’m too thick to appreciate it properly without wondering how much it’s going to cost. Look, I’m just not used to being on the receiving end, I suppose. I’m used to counting every penny.”
Zhi Zhu was a young Chinese player who through his life had apparently trained first for gymnastics, then badminton, until finally settling on tennis, a sport not previously well known in China, and certainly not as well-known as other sports. Although he had come to the sport relatively late and had only broken into the top two hundred at the age of twenty-three, Zhi Zhu had brought with him skills and agility picked up in his previous disciplines. Quick, supple, light, and surprisingly strong, he was starting to make a name for himself as he rapidly scrambled up the rankings. Currently ranked fifty-sixth in the world, he was tipped as one to watch, combining agility with precision that made him challenging to beat.
"Uhm, kissing," he said, feeling himself flush again, blood rushing around at the mere thought of a repeat of that last act. "We can do that."
There had been nothing in those fifteen months to suggest why he had now been abducted from his university and brought the best part of 500 miles north to the middle of nowhere. And, to all intents and purposes, the Scottish Highlands was the epitome of the middle of nowhere, at least for the British Isles.
the blood link was already dissipating – it still strengthening as it neared. Then he picked up the noise of the jeep. Five miles away. Then four. Three. Two.
And yet nothing like that had happened. Instead there was a joint record collection, a well-loved library, and an extensive, well used games selection. Occam's razor, therefore, led to Harry having been both real and a willing half to the relationship.
"No. Oh god no," the doctor said quickly, balled fist suddenly pressing against his mouth. "That's just... no." He shook his head, his lips curving into a small smile. "Slim, athletic geniuses, remember. And he definitely prefers the curvier, busty types."
His arousal built slower this time, but no less passionately, and by the time he found himself on his back, the doctor grinning as he crouched over him, he was right there.
“Good change of speed and tactic from Watson there. He spotted that Zhi Zhu was stuck at the back of the court and he cut the ball dead right at the net. Zhi Zhu got to it, but of course there was nothing he could do with it, leaving Watson with the easy smash.”
Of course the locked door could be hiding the doctor's torture room of horror, but given the current evidence that was hardly likely.
“Oh, thank you.” Honestly he hadn’t been expecting anything so soon. Sure it was his birthday, but the match came first. The tennis
I did now have my explanation as to why this Sherlock had not been compelled to forget the whole encounter. All debts between us discharged, indeed.
In one smooth move, Sherlock was on his feet and crossing the room to his bag. A brief but thorough search revealed nothing else out of the ordinary; it was just the postcard, just the postcard with the picture and the three letters.
He threw the statement towards the doctor without warning to see how he would react. True emotions tended to be shown when someone was caught off guard, and if he was to predict with any sort of accuracy how this was all going to end, he needed to know who the doctor really was under the layers of beige coloured mildness. It was time to prove that the doctor didn’t hold all the cards in this game.
“Watson to serve, with two set points. All he has to do is take this point and the first set is his. Watson to serve… it’s good. Zhi Zhu returns, Watson forehand, Zhi Zhu again, Watson closing in at the net with the volley, Zhi Zhu gets it, second volley Watson, Zhi Zhu, Watson again, Zhi Zhu, but he pushes it wide and Watson takes the point, the tie-break and the set.”
Doctor Watson was back in his seat, facing towards him, the table and newspaper between them. A freshly made mug of tea sat steaming on the table, the opposite end from the doctor.
“Git,” John said with a laugh, pressing a kiss to Sherlock’s head. “And just so you know, I intend to whip your arse in the match anyway.”
"Yes." The doctor averted his gaze. "And it was stupid, and crazy, and I must have been out of my mind to have even considered it, and I thought- well it doesn't matter what I thought. But you asked me yesterday what my name was and it made me think about who I am and what I've become, so I left the keys because at least then, if you did stay, and if you did somehow agree to one night with me, I would know that it wouldn't be down to, well, Stockholm Syndrome."
’ and hit send before returning his mobile quickly to his locker. “Sorry,” he said as he hurried back to the door. “Ready now.”
The present was squishy to the touch but didn’t feel like a jumper. It was clothes, most probably, just something smaller than a jumper.
A glass of water rested on the table and he reached for it gratefully, drinking half before being struck by the similarities of the first time he had woken up here. Fuzzy headed, confused, the biggest difference was that this time he could hear nothing. No water pipes clunking, no movement from below, no footsteps on the stairs.
John looked across at Sherlock’s retreating back, Irene’s words catching him momentarily by surprise.
Then it was Sherlock who moved, somehow staying seated as he leant to snag something to wipe them both down with. “Mmmm, that was good.”
Sherlock gave a slow nod to confirm they were both on the same page. "You asked for seven days and the chance to persuade me to become intimate with you," he said.
The git was still watching the television. How could he be so calm? Surely he must have known what John would find.
Sherlock didn’t respond, but slowly turned his hand over so they were palm to palm, their fingers sliding together.
It seemed a little silly now, but it had only been three years ago that he had been lagging behind his peers in terms of height. Then he had put on five inches in fourteen months, with a further two inches in the year that followed. For a while, his new, longer limbs had left him feeling clumsy and like an alien in a strange body. Ballet had gone some way to retraining himself and taking back control.
Reaching up, he slipped his arms around his partner’s neck, fingers seeking the soft curls as he pulled Sherlock down for a kiss. Sherlock came willingly, arms encircling as the kiss slid from soft and gentle into heavy and deep. Breathing faltered as tongues met and grasps tightened, until panting, they pulled their mouths apart.
There were even a surprising number of texts that weren't in English, from their covers all clearly having been read, so not there solely for ornamental purposes; Grimm's
The candles were out by the time he exited the bathroom. The soiled sheet had been stripped and the duvet had found its way back onto the bed, which was where Sherlock was sitting, his head bowed, shoulders slumped in a way that spoke of more than just physical exhaustion.
The doctor offered a small shrug. "A quick sleight of hand. A little misdirection. Just a common trick."
"Despite your warning to me when we first met, you maintain the appearance of a reasonable sleeping habit, but do not on the whole spend that time sleeping, yet your appearance and temperament is unchanged despite this.
Their lips met less than a minute later. It was somehow different this time. Almost lighter. Maybe it was because they were standing up, which meant he was leaning down, giving him a certain amount of control over the amount of pressure.
So there was to be no further conversation, no discussion, it was over and he had been dismissed. He shifted awkwardly for a moment, trapped in indecision. There was more he felt he should say, yet he had said so much already and reassuring platitudes were far from his expertise.
Staring up at the ceiling he tried to go through everything that had happened that day, sorting and ordering them by relevance and importance. When it came to the doctor though, he still found himself strangely off balanced. For someone who appeared so ordinary, the doctor was clearly anything but. It was... intriguing.
There was no comment when Sherlock exited the bathroom only after emptying the hot water tank. The steaks, though, were excellent, although the chips took longer than expected, probably due to the old oven.
A childhood classic, my then four-year-old nephew actually managed to beat me at this once without me actually choosing to lose. Couldn’t congratulate him too much on it or he’d realised I’d thrown some of the previous games, though.
“Always,” John said, tightening his arms around his lover before adding, “doesn’t mean you’re not a git though.”
Balling his hand into a fist, John shoved it against his mouth as he fought the instinct to thrust upwards. An instinct Sherlock really. was. not. helping. with.
Trading laws in Britain: the Sunday Trading Act came into force in 1994 allowing previously barred shops to open on a Sunday, although larger shops can only open for a maximum of six hours. Like a lot of UK laws, this only applied to England and Wales since Scotland already had its own laws which allowed shops to open on a Sunday.
He gripped at the sheets, breathing deeply as neither of them moved. It felt impossible. It felt filling. It felt right. Like he was supposed to do this. Like he had done this before.
The arms loosened immediately, letting him move, essentially letting him leave. Everything within him cried out to stay, to go back to putting his safety and wellbeing into someone else’s arms, to just
The warmth, the drink and the concerto was more than he needed, and he allowed himself to sink into a pleasant meditative state where he could sieve through the recent events, marking them and sorting them so they could be stored.
Cashed in favours, a path littered with the dead at his hand, both human and otherwise, and a fifteen month hunt that had ended with a burning chateau in France.
Oh God no. He had quite vivid memories of the few times Clara and Sherlock had come into contact with each other. The first time, when Clara had barged into his hotel room to find Sherlock sitting comfortably on the bed using his laptop, was particularly haunting. He still hadn’t quite lived that one down. In some ways Clara and Sherlock were far too much alike – blunt for one, demanding for another – and he had a feeling he would end up ganged up on and horribly embarrassed.
Grumbling, John stalked back over to where the mobile lay, picked it up, crossed the three steps back to where Sherlock was sitting and slapped it into the waiting hand.
Heavy of limb and with great reluctance, Sherlock allowed himself to be brought to his feet, but it was with surprise that he found himself guided to the sofa and not to the stairs.
Because being called queer for no reason was one thing, realising they were right and doing ballet was just adding unnecessary fuel.
“The sun is shining, the crowd are taking their seats and the players are on court going through the last of their warmup rituals. Watson won the toss and has opted to serve first.
"It is elementary, my dear friend," I said with a small smile, while raising my other hand to gently brush against his angular face. This at least got the reaction I sought; namely his eyes once more meeting mine.
There was certainly something military about the place, but also something ancient. It was the same feeling he had gotten when Mummy had taken them to Stonehenge. Something old and forgotten.
“What movement there from Holmes. Pure class. He didn’t let Watson settle for a moment, and then just when Watson was pushed wide and deep, Holmes brought in the perfect drop shot, and Watson, well, he had no chance of getting to it.”
"No, I felt it best to leave the authorities out altogether, but also could not leave this individual to continue his terrible acts."
“Good change of direction there from Watson. He opened up the court and then closed down the point. It’s a tactic that has been working well for him today. But you’ve got to wonder how much longer that will go on for before Holmes closes that option down.”
“In your bag,” John said. “With your notebook.” He dropped the notebook onto the coffee table, but it was all but forgotten now amidst the new discovery.
"Gal-leck," the doctor corrected the pronunciation almost absently. "And yes. But you already knew that."
The word Gaelic is pronounced differently depending upon which is being referred to. (Irish) Gaelic is pronounced something close to Gay-lic, while (Scots) Gaelic is pronounced closer to Gal-lic. It’s a common mistake to pronounce the wrong version when referring to Scots Gaelic, which is why John corrects Sherlock’s pronunciation.
He watched the doctor pointedly as he carefully tipped up the secret compartment until half a dozen bullets rolled into his hand.
"Beg not at all," Holmes responded with a wave of his hand as he snapped the book closed. "I have no reason to either disbelieve or condemn you. You are as sane as I. So speak what you have to say and relieve yourself of whatever it is troubling you."
There was a suck, at the head of his prick, a swirl of that tongue, a bit more pressure, and once again everything exploded, but this time it was even better. This time there was more heat, more suction, more everything, and it was like cocaine and heroin and that moment where suddenly everything in the universe briefly makes sense, and he was coming harder than he had ever come before, and he wanted it to stop, and he never wanted it to stop, and he was there, and he was not there, and it was good, but also
“The noise from the crowd has just gone up another notch. Watson collects the balls and bounces them as he makes his way back to the baseline. He’s just one point away here from being broken. Holmes has two break points.
The fact that they were going to be playing each other on his birthday was neither here nor there. In fact, there was no guarantee that Sherlock even knew it was his birthday. While it was very easy to find out each of their birthdays, neither of them had mentioned this upcoming one and, oh sod it, he thought. They might have promised to work on their communication following the events in Toronto, but it seemed they still had some way to go.
As he walked he could almost see what might have been; outbuildings and stables, paths where burly men had once guided laden carts, over there a garden or vegetable patch. Then more when he reached the ruins themselves.
Crouching, he looked critically at the interior drawers and cubbies, eyes narrowing as he studied them, before reaching for the central section. Carefully he drew it out, noting the weight, until finally it fully left the table. Turning it, he found the secret compartment, easing open the latching and reaching in for the content.
"One week," the doctor finally said, drumming his fingers across the armrest of the chair. "That's all I ask for. You stay here with me for one week. We interact, get to know each other, then at the end of the week you decide the final outcome. Either we have sex, or we don't. Either way the choice is yours. I will try to persuade you, of course, but I'm not going to force you, and I'm certainly not going to force myself upon you." He grimaced at that thought. "Whatever your choice, though, after that you can leave, and I swear I won't come after you. Just seven days, that's all I ask."
Three days following his last case - a trifling affair involving missing silverware from a local church, neither interesting enough in setting nor remarkable enough in the solving to warrant setting down on paper - I left Holmes lying listlessly on the sofa in his dressing-gown, having determined that other than using less ethical means I would be unable to rouse his interest in anything. He had barely spared a word for me in days, and unable to do little else, I left him to his mood.
The fact that the instrument felt right in his hands - in a way that transcended verbal communication - just strengthened his resolve. It had to be his.
More than that though, the doctor truly seemed to like him back. Not tolerated him. Not humoured him. Not faked. Honest expressed enjoyment in sharing company. Easy to be with. Easy to like.
“He’s got to concentrate and trust his instincts. It all came together in the last set; can he do it again now?”
Sherlock said nothing. Exhaustion washed over him as the shock gave way to a numb sort of despair. Everything pointed to the doctor not being here, on a random hill, miles from where he had last been, and yet here he was, sitting on a simple wooden bench, watching the setting sun. The surrealness was overwhelming, and he could do nothing but sink wordlessly onto the vacant end of the bench.
“Exactly. And that’s the difference between this Watson and the Watson of pre-Wimbledon. This Watson knows what it takes to win. He’s believing in himself again. He’s not rolling over. He’s not shrugging his shoulders and saying ‘oh well’. He’s not going down without a fight. Wimbledon proved that he has what it takes to beat the best. Now he believes it.”
“Let’s see the replay. Watson somehow anticipated the shot, stretched out, almost flung his racket at it and somehow not only managed to reach the ball, but also managed to keep it in play, and Zhi Zhu, who have never dreamt that it would be returned, can only watch as it bounces in and then away from him.”
Turning his face away, Sherlock gave a nod and strove for the distraction of a kiss as he felt the material being parted. He knew what he was, what the doctor would find. Pale and skinny and not nearly as well defined and-
It was a relief to realise that the wood wasn't endless. Throwing up a hand to protect his eyes from the sudden influx of light, he finally broke the tree line and stared silently down at the sweeping valley below.
The doctor seemed to study the coffee table for a moment, then dismissed it. Stepping towards the armchair Sherlock was sitting in, he looked at it thoughtfully, took another step, moved to crouch, but then shook his head.
He raked his eyes over the doctor's form. The other man was back in one of his oversized jumpers, but his skin was a touch pale, the lines around his eyes and mouth a little too pronounced, his stance a little weary. There was nothing though that screamed liar, and so far he had been proven to be honest, if unusual.
A bit of manoeuvring, they settled with him in front, caged in by the doctor's legs on either side of him. It was nice. The fire was warm in front of him, the doctor solid behind him.
It had all suddenly made sense. The floating facts that hadn't quite fitted together into a coherent image had finally slotted together; the jumpers that were too big; the comment about not eating properly; the complete lack of snacking between meals.
He took a deep breath. "While for most people, the outcome of the mere physical act would be enough to warrant participation in the act, I am not one who-"
Silently he made his way to the bench, taking a seat on the free end, barely glancing at the companion already sat on the other end.
It was from the table that the doctor looked up from the newspaper spread before him. His hand clutched a mug containing the remains of a hot drink; his smile was one of amusement.
He looked over at where Sherlock was deep asleep, front down, face turned towards him, breathing evenly.
He leant over slightly. “You know it’s my birthday that day,” he said conversationally. “Quarter final day.”
“Very good play. He might have been looking to go a break down, but he kept his head, dominated the play, and pinned Watson down at the back of the court.”
He slumped back, breathing deeply as he fought for any measure of control, his legs twisting one way and then the other, until the urge to orgasm receded to near tolerable levels.  Feeling Sherlock's breath against him also was helping matters.
It perhaps spoke of his mental state that he was even debating it in his own mind. The doctor was right in that respects, he should probably get some sleep, even if he had already slept more this week than he normally would.
It hurt, at least at first. This was more than just fingers and his body wasn't supposed to stretch this way. Instinct told him to pull away, that nothing good could come from this, but then the discomfort was lost within other sensations, and the feeling of wrongness gave way to a feeling of fullness as the doctor finally slid in.
The fresh air and extensive exercise making him more fatigued that usual, Sherlock excused himself for bed earlier than he normally would.
Update 11 Oct: Apologies. Had news late last night of a sudden unexpected family death. So I'm delaying posting until my brain is working again. Thanks.
“An all-important hold there by Watson. After losing three games on the trot he needed to do something to halt Holmes’ relentless march, and he dug deep to find it. He might be a break down but he’s still very much in this match.”
True Highlander, Scottish Gaelic, lunch, he had missed things. Question was, what else might he have missed?
He turned away at this, preferring to focus on anything but me, even as the words continued to pour from his lips.
“Trust me,” Sherlock murmured, a kiss to his shoulder blade, a hand to his arse, and then he was sliding in.
“Trust me, I’m more than happy to share,” John said. “And since it’s my birthday, don’t I get a say?”
"You're bound to be hungry," the doctor said after a moment. "There's plenty to eat in the kitchen, but I'm guessing you'd prefer to talk first."
I exclaimed at this, horrified to discover what situation my friend had put himself in, while I myself had been on another continent. It occurred to me that I could well have lost my Sherlock before even finding him, a thought that filled me with horror.
Warm breath against his skin, against his lips, into his mouth. Fingers bringing to life nerve endings across his face, his neck, his scalp. Skin tingling. Mouth seeking. His own hands reaching to sink into soft wool, fingers curving around solid muscle.
This week, this sham of normalcy, had not only shown him what was possible in general, but that it was possible for him as well.
“Zhi Zhu’s got to be disappointed with that. He had Watson on the back foot, and he really had to turn that advantage into something because chances like that don’t come around often. Not in matches like this. Not at this level.”
“And?” John asked, depositing his bags in the spare bedroom before wandering back out again. From the food and cutlery remains on the worktops that made up the kitchen, it looked as it Sherlock had got peckish enough to for a smoothie and a light meal. A late lunch, well very late lunch, or a sort of tea. Of course Sherlock hadn’t actually got as far as clearing up completely. He’d probably been distracted.
. I find myself at an uncharacteristic loss. Having never dared to fully consider that even if you might share the same... affliction... you might also consider me to your liking, I now know not what to do or say."
"You would-" he started, but was suddenly at a loss of how to put it. He knew the words, but they just seemed unnecessarily crude. "You want to-" he made a vague waving motion that he hoped conveyed his meeting.
The last part was added with a flicker of a smile, but even without deductive reasoning it would have been clear that the doctor only spoke partly in jest. While Sherlock’s historical knowledge was rudimentary at best, even he knew of the tensions between the two nations. Words such as Jacobite and Culloden sprung to mind, although precious little came with them. For an inexplicable reason this brought a sense of guilt, although he was unsure why he should feel guilty.
John ran his finger over the Baker Street key, the shape that had become so familiar to him in such a relatively short period of time.
At the bottom, he stopped to find that the new day had brought unexpected changes in the form of a new selection of cardboard boxes that had previously not been there. Dressed and obviously breakfasted, the doctor was standing by one of the opened boxes, frowning as he studied the books he had obviously just removed from it. Other books lay scattered on the desk and there were gaps on the shelves beside him. He had evidently been up for a while.
Other than the locked room opposite, he had investigated the extent of the house. Or at least the interior of it.
“Mhm,” John said with a grin. “You mean I look good in it and you like the tantalising hint of what lies beneath.
HIV/AIDS: Yes, the advice from many doctors during the late 80s and early 90s around HIV and AIDS was at best naïve, and basically boiled down to the idea that ‘good, clean normal’ people ran no risk of catching AIDS. Sherlock may have issues around his sexuality, but some of it was honestly acquired. I can only imagine what it might have been like to be a gay man growing up in the eighties and early nineties in the shadow of AIDS.
Reaching across the table, he caught Sherlock’s hand in his own, wrapping their fingers together as he searched for the words he wanted to say. He had to get this right. It was important, bloody important that he got this right.
The other piece of music mentioned is Mendelssohn's "Violin Concerto". Mendelssohn is one of the few composers mentioned by name by Arthur Conan Doyle. It’s also the piece that Andrew Lloyd Webber “appropriates” part of for "I Don’t Know How To Love Him" from Jesus Christ Superstar.
Incidentally, my headcanon is that Mr and Mrs Holmes were a little bohemian when they were younger, and yes, married when she fell pregnant with Mycroft – although they had planned to marry anyway. And if you use Benedict’s age as Sherlock’s, it means it’s more than possible to have Mycroft conceived in ‘the summer of ‘69’.
After an early morning trip to the bathroom, he had been meaning to return to the warmth of the bed, only to be distracted by the unknown still undiscovered in the second upstairs room. Sleep could wait, he had decided, and he was hardly getting less than he usually would, anyway.
This Sherlock, I had hoped, would be no different, being that he had the curiosity of a scientist and the open mindedness of a detective. That said, I found myself, at least initially at first, content to simply get to know the man he currently was.
“Only for dinner with Irene. No point in repeating an outfit. She would only be disappointed and I’d never hear the end of it.”
“And an amazing match it was too,” Sherlock said in a low murmur, pressing his lips to the point on John’s neck that tended to short circuit everything – the bastard. “You were amazing. You were fantastic.”
He edged forward in his chair, trying to decide how to respond. God knows that Sherlock was uneasy, his shoulders artificially square, his posture stiff. He should have a red warning sticker fixed to him when he was like this; warning, fragile, handle with care.
“Amazing. Just think how far Watson has come in the past few months. Three months ago most people had forgotten who he was. I admit, even I had forgotten what he was capable of. Now look at him. He’s back, he’s up there, and he’s taking on the big boys.”
The doctor shifted forward to the edge of his seat. "Well I'm glad you found this then," he said. "You deserve to be able to take something good away from this week."
"You, uh, might find it more comfortable to unzip yourself," the doctor said, then he was sinking to the floor, holding out a hand in invitation.
It wasn't a question, or a statement, it just was, and it wasn't even any good at that. He kicked himself for saying it, but the doctor didn't seem to notice the idiocy of it, or else didn't care.
There was no need to ask why the doctor kept the door locked, it was painted across his face with every shadow, every line; memories and unresolved grief from an unexpected, traumatic death.
The jeep was also gone, but a set of keys to the cottage had been left on the table, just in case he also wished to venture out in the meantime, Sherlock concluded.
His obvious and unfettered excitement over his newly discovered test for blood was both so delightful and infectious that it mattered little that in the future he would not need it.
The world shifted again, the jagged pieces leaping into the air, spinning around before falling back to create a new picture.
He had, however, availed himself of the newspaper the doctor had been reading, minus the sports pages which had been used as kindling for the fire. The date matched what he assumed to be correct and according to the receipt he found on the floor under the table, the paper had been bought at 07:27 hours that morning from a service station near Stirling. While the confirmation of Stirling offered no real information - they were in the Highlands, Stirling was pretty much the gateway - the time suggested that the doctor had driven almost nonstop through the night. There was no knowing, though, how far, in both time and distant, they now were from Stirling.
Shit, Watson, hold it together. You’re better than that, better than him. Just stick to the game plan and don’t let him get to you.
“It’s still on serve here, but the pressure is now all on Watson. Watson now needs to win his service game to stay in this set and force us into a tie-break.”
The doctor turned back to his book. "Take a torch with you, just in case," he added. "And a compass. There should be one around. Oh and dress warmly and eat before you leave."
It was yet another example of mouth before brain, but that didn't stop it from being an important question.
"Don't wander too far from the paths," the doctor called as Sherlock finished lacing his boots. "And back by three, remember."
An hour passed and another ticked ever closer. It was gone midday, so if he was to return to the cottage he would have to turn back now to have a chance of returning even by sunset.
“London and Baker Street is where I presume we will be mainly based for obvious reasons, although I know it is not the largest of places. I am also open to procuring properties in other locations should you have a preference.”
Exhausted, aching, and tighter strung than his match racket, it hadn’t taken much for them to explode into another rather passion-filled argument, Sherlock adamant that he simply hadn’t wanted it enough, while he had argued that that was utter bullshit, that sometimes age and fatigue and a sodding agonising shoulder could in fact count against you, and it wasn’t just because he thought his opponent was better than him.
John flicked the button undone but only tugged the zip part way down. That was more than enough to establish the lack of underwear underneath. Oh god, that really wasn’t playing fair.
"They like funny names," he said after a moment. "My parents. We were originally the cadet line of the family. Grandfather inherited in the 40s after the last surviving male of the main line died. His," he tapped the book, "nephew by an older brother I'm led to believe. Grandfather hadn't been born expecting to inherit, but the man's only son died in the Great War. No issue."
Coney-catching: Elizabethan slang for theft through trickery. To swindle, cheat, dupe. A coney-catcher was a thief or con man
Nodding absently, Sherlock made his way to the kitchen and breakfast, mentally making a note of what he would need.
Since leaving the restaurant they had remained reasonably quiet. Comfortable in the silence there was no need for either of them to fill it unnecessarily, so they hadn’t. Until now.
“Promise you won’t hold back. During our match,” John said. “Promise you’ll treat me just like any other opponent. That you won’t worry about my back or shoulder, or go easy on me or anything like that.”
Bloody hell, Zhi Zhu was quick. Agile as well. Too many times he somehow managed to get to balls that would have left other players in the dust. His flexibility too was astonishing, especially the way his body curled in on itself like a spring and then released with power and whipcord strength.
"Yes," the doctor replied, tongue flicking at his lips to moisten them. "You don't need to confirm now, but if you have sex with me, then yes, you can take the violin with you when you leave."
Sherlock is his human “soulmate”. Always wanted to do a soulmate story as well. Again, just never expected it to be this one.
He came with a small gasp, pressing in as far as he could go, closing his eyes as Sherlock’s body held and soothed him.
The fire was considerably larger now, adding brightness as well as warmth to the room. The doctor was once more crouched beside it, carefully feeding additional logs, seemingly mindless of the heat it was throwing off.
The doctor seemed to consider this. "I knew the risks," he said, "and I decided to do this anyway. I won't run from the consequences."
“He’s still playing with our minds then,” John said. “This is all part of it for him. It’s just a game to him, isn’t it?”
Checking his shoe laces for the third time, he turned as he heard his mobile vibrate. Fishing it out, he flicked to the new text.
Central Park, it turned out was both nearby and very pleasant, and it turned out that Sherlock knew rather a lot about it.
"Seriously. Take it, keep it," the doctor insisted. "It's not like it's doing anything here and it obviously means something to you. So you have it. It's yours."
"What if I don't want-" He shook his head, unwilling to finish that thought. "You can't honestly think you're going to get away with this?"
He hesitated but then gave a small nod. It was silly really, especially considering that he was wrapped in the dressing gown while the doctor only wore a thin layer of cotton. But while the air did feel warmer down here than in the bedroom, it was only marginal. Then again, he had never really tolerated the cold for as long as he could remember, often opting for a thick coat all the way into summer.
Bound in ribbon and stored with everything else, the doctor clearly did not appreciate just what he had here. It was almost criminal. So too was the thought that it could so easily be lost.
“It’s all square here so far. Watson leads, but we’re still on serve and so far the two players have been going punch for punch, toe to toe.”
Grabbing a towel, he scrubbed at his face, neck and hairline. Two sets in the bag and just one more to go. Sherlock had been right – of course Sherlock had been right, Sherlock was always right, the smug git – he was winning, he could win, and he was going to win.
The doctor watched him for a moment longer before strapping himself in and carefully pulling back round onto the gravel road. He drove slowly, humming to himself as the stones crunched under the tires. There was no sense of urgency, nor was there one of anger. As limited as Sherlock was in understanding human emotions, the doctor continued to perplex him.
"We have time," he heard the doctor say. "We'll take it slow. And I'll take you through it. Nothing to be anxious about."
Light flooded in and for a moment his brain screamed in protest, pain blazing bright across his brow, behind his eyes, before settling down into a steady thrum of discomfort. Dehydration, he realised, his mouth feeling tacky, his tongue heavy, even as he registered the first signs of needing to urinate.
Head hanging, he panted as once again the doctor stopped. The stretch was more intense now, not painful, just intense.
On hearing that his acquaintance in need of a companion to share rooms bore the name Sherlock Holmes, there was no question in my mind that I should meet this very man. Indeed, the more Stamford told me of him, the more certain I grew that this was indeed the very person I had so recently decided to seek out.
He took his time with the shower, letting the heat sink into his muscles, especially his shoulder. The last thing he wanted was to start seizing up. Not now, not tonight. He had plans for the evening and they involved a certain dark-haired French smart-arsed wanker and a certain amount of physical flexibility.
He could imagine Harry standing by the large window, looking out across the sweeping landscape, violin clasped loosely under his chin, whatever he had been playing lost to his thoughts, while behind him, John quietly approached, slipping his arms around his lover's waist, resting his chin on a shoulder, looking out to share in what the other saw.
"Your body temperature is several degrees centigrade beneath that of the average man, yet you are neither bothered by extreme heat nor cold, to the point where you never perspire nor have I witnessed you to raise goose bumps or to shiver.
to do better, that’s why they were in the top ten. All that had done, of course, was remind him that being the ninth in the world was just bullshit anyway. That was just Wimbledon. That was just maths. It was funny what two thousand points could do to your world ranking, especially when you’re used to just about scraping two hundred in total. He wasn’t really the ninth best men’s player in the world, that was just numbers. Statistics. The fluke of winning a Grand Slam. He’d been 130th in the world just a few months before. One tournament did not make him a world class player. A good player, perhaps - the doubles had helped to prove that as well - but truly in the top ten, no.
I confess that I did not at first respond. It was not, as he would initially surmise, due to any shock following his confession, but rather due to the incandescent rage building within me. If I had been free to, I would have cursed all the men and gods that had brought my friend to such a wretched state.
"You're a coney-catching, blood sucking, lily-livered, muck snipe, gillie-wet-foot, skelpie-limmer, heartless, nickum lamiae bastard ."
Sherlock huffed again, but allowed him to slip off the red ribbon and open the case. Inside, nestled within the soft, padded confines were half a dozen sets of keys, each set a different shape, style and colour. Below each set was a handwritten note; Paris, Dordogne, Dordogne #2, Madrid, Florida, and the one which wasn’t named after a city or region, Baker Street.
The first finger caught him by surprise. There was pressure and then there was more, and he could feel it inside him. It was strange, but not painful. More like a steady presence, then his awareness was distracted once more by the cleaver tongue and he barely noticed when the second finger slipped in.
And he breathed in the scent that was both comforting and somehow familiar. And for that moment he never wanted to move. He just wanted to stay there, warm, safe… loved.
He hadn't responded to that, just continued up the stairs. Closing the door behind him, he found the bolt and slid it home.
“Watson wipes his face down again as the two players change ends. He keeps his head down, not acknowledging the calls from the British fans in the crowd. Now he retreats to the baseline for his next serve. He bounces the ball, and serves, but the ball is called long. He recomposes himself, bounces the ball, pauses and now serves. Zhi Zhu with the return, Watson forehand, Zhi Zhu backhand, but it bounces wide.”
, was to forgive you, but I don't need to because it wasn't your fault. How I died wasn't your fault."
The doctor obviously expected one of two outcomes, but Sherlock was a little fed up with always trying to catch up. Clearly his opponent was a better player than he had originally given him credit for, but there were two players in this game and it was about time he got off the back foot.
It wasn’t exactly the most comprehensive of game plans, but it was better than nothing. It was just going to be up to him to put the plan into action and find out just where it gets him.
He left the words unspoken though. There would be better time and opportunity, he concluded. Tomorrow, he decided. After the night. After what they would do. Then he would see.
If before Harry had been little more than a distant barely formed shadow with a name, in this room he was a flesh and blood person. Here were all the things the doctor had stripped from the property, everything that was overtly
The doctor tipped his head as if considering something. "Is it really that hard to believe?" he asked.
“So Watson takes the second set in good style. It hasn’t always been pretty, but it has been a solid, productive performance from him so far. As the players leave the courtside for a well-earned bathroom break, let’s go across to the Arthur Ashe Stadium where John Watson’s doubles partner, Sherlock Holmes, is now under way in his fourth round match against Elias Openshaw, after Dominika Cibulková’s surprise straight set victory over eleventh seed, Svetlanda Kuznetsova in the women’s fourth round match. Over to Graham.”
Wrenching open the door, he ignored the closed door opposite and headed down the wooden stairs with a heavy foot.
"Well, I'm glad I got to dance with you," the doctor said, his expression one of complete honesty as he handed over Sherlock's dinner. "Thank you."
“The players have been called to return to the court and start the third set. It’s Zhi Zhu who will be starting us off on serve. Let’s see if he can find that weakness in Watson’s game or if Watson’s solid style will continue to serve him well.”
There was movement from the other side of the wall. Footsteps, running water and then a brief clunk of metal against metal. He waited. The footsteps retreated.
Then with a blink the moment was gone, the air releasing from the doctor's lungs as he pulled in on himself and looked away.
“Ooops,” Sherlock said mildly, with an expression that said he was far from sorry. “Let me just-” and then John had even more reason to curse as warm lips lowered to engulf his big toe.
The doctor's hands cradled his hips, one part support, one part control. Then just as he thought he would go crazy with inaction, the doctor moved.
"Watch as you physically do what has already emotionally happened. Watch as all you hold most dear crackles and burns and melts, before you raise the gun, Harry's gun, another heirloom, to your mouth, your finger tightening on the trigger as everything you care about burns around you and then you-"
"A little fast," the doctor said after a moment, "but nothing to be worried about. The water should help."
There was the beginning of a smile as the doctor conceded the game. "They're mine," he said. "He hated them. Called them an affront to music and taste, but he still knew all the words to A Modern Major-General."
There was a scrabble and then the head of dark curls was looming over him, the pale eyes narrow and searching. Then the body lowered back to the mattress and he was surprised when lips pressed against his. The kiss was gentle but prolonged, John raising his hand to grasp gently at the arm braced above him. Soft and unhurried, the kiss continued and he found himself relaxing back into the pillows, his eyes drifting shut.
"Not yet," the doctor said. Then he was stepping back, breaking the contact. "If you're happy with it, I'll draft a second copy. Then we will both sign each of them and keep a copy apiece. But not until later."
He didn’t think it was worth extending the conversation by pointing out that he already knew the why, who, and how of the texts, but did manage to use it as the excuse to end the call and get on with enjoying his Sunday of rest.
The arms that held him spoke of care and of affection. If he could, he would stay like this forever.
Then those eyes slowly lifted to meet his and suddenly there was even more. More heat, more want, more need.
“You think I might be feeling some sort of pre-match contrition given the most likely outcome of the game and so I’m pre-empting it by striving to alleviate your physical suffering prior to any emotional distress you may later find yourself under?”
"Bits," Sherlock said. "A lot of it is still hazy, but I remember that you came for me. I remember you being there. And I remember it not being your fault."
Scrubbing his hands over his face, John turned and returned to his walk. It was a path he had done countless times over the long years, one that only he currently knew of.
, and was this what everyone else talked about and joked about when they spoke about sex, because if it was then how, how could it be, because this was so much, so very
The then meeting of our lips was as gentle as it would have been damning had it been seen by anyone outside of that room. Such a small action as it was, it was the pin point on which our world balanced, ready to fall in a direction different from whence we had been going.
“Another good, solid service game there from Watson. Only the one point conceded to Zhi Zhu. That last volley was another beauty, a shot Watson has certainly honed as part of the doubles in Toronto.”
He flopped down into his chair, glancing across and up at the scoreboard to his left with a certain amount of satisfaction. Two sets up in the third round of the US Open. Not something he had envisioned just a few months ago. Sod that, not something he had really envisioned just a week ago.
“So I’m just saying that that’s not something you need to worry about. It doesn’t matter if it’s a close match or if you triple bagel me. I’m a big boy. I’ll cope. No seriously. I’m going to expect to see you at your best and then whatever happens, happens. Just a competitive match between friends. May the best man win. Alright?”
The doctor looked impossibly tired as he rubbed the side of his head. "Sherlock, look, I'm really not in the mood for-"
He pointed out the tables where cards had been played over the years, the burn marks from cigarettes and cigars, the darker stains that suggested bloodshed rather than alcohol.
“I had him executed for asking impertinent questions,” Sherlock replied absently but in a way that betrayed that he was paying full attention.
There was nothing for him to do but lie back and enjoy, the doctor kissing and licking and sucking and... god, yes... and finding places he had never thought to be sensitive, and then, ahhh, fuck yes, and if he thought that was good, it was nothing to the moment the doctor took the whole of his length into his mouth.
“What did you tell her?”  He didn’t bother asking how Clara had managed to get Greg’s number; sometimes it was best not to ask, and Clara was nothing if not resourceful.
He could imagine the life that had once been shared, and now here he was, encroaching on someone else's space, in someone else's room, in someone else's bed, and he was
I like to imagine fourteen year old Sherlock cloistered away in his bedroom playing this over and over again, while his parents leave him tea while shaking their heads.
That was more invitation than John needed, and leaning further forward, he tugged Sherlock closer, wrapping his arms around the narrow waist and rubbed his nose against the pale skin of the stomach. After that it was easy to open his mouth and press kisses against the warmth, burrowing under the t-shirt, teasing and loving every moment of it. It was a place where Sherlock was rather sensitive, a surprise to both of them, and one John was more than happy to take advantage of, especially when rewarded by Sherlock’s chest-deep moan. He could feel Sherlock’s erection hardening by his chin, and he gave into the temptation to free it from its denim confines and ran his tongue lightly over the tip.
He could imagine the growing pile of dirty laundry, both of theirs mixed together, until one of them - probably John - took an armful and did something about it.
The doctor shot him an unamused look as the wooden tower wobbled for a brief moment, his hand stilling from where it was attempting to extract the wooden block. There was silence for a moment, then the tower started to resettle and the doctor breathed out. A moment later and he resumed his painfully slow easing out of the block, until it slipped out and with a flourish he added it to the top of the tower.
Turning away, he moved to gather his books to take them upstairs. If he couldn't sleep, then perhaps forensic pathology could keep him company. That way at least he would be out of sight and no longer intruding in the doctor's makeshift sleeping area.
It was strange moment; one part of him wanted to jump up and run away, retreat from this, this place; another part wanted to stay there forever, held, cherished, warm and content, lounging in the pleasant afterglow that was dopamine, serotonin, oxytocin and endorphins; a small part even wanted to do it all again.
Outside and he was suddenly faced with a whole new set of issues. It was cold, it was wet, he was isolated in the middle of the Scottish Highlands in November, and he had neither a coat nor shoes on.
This was their place, their getaway, where they could live and be lovers without fear or condemnation.
He swapped the towel for his banana, pulling the peel carefully down before biting into the soft fruit. Around him a slight breeze tempered the otherwise humid conditions. Flushing Meadows. New York. The US Open. The third round of the last sodding Grand Slam of the year. He smiled to himself. Who would have thought he would have made it this far? Well, Sherlock Holmes apparently, the all-knowing, all-wise, all-confident git, with his sureness and his tactics and his ‘don’t be an idiot’ expression. He was probably right this moment stretched out on the sofa in the cool of their hotel suite, basking in smugness and self-satisfaction, assured once more of the greatness of his convictions.
Perhaps he should reiterate that he had no desire to report the doctor to the authorities? On the reassurance, of course, that this was indeed a one off, that the doctor had no intention of kidnapping another slim, homosexual genius for sexual intercourse.
Carefully, almost as if dealing with a spooked animal, the doctor reached up to push the keys through the slit in the window. They dropped with a clang.
"Normally you would have just ignored them, as you had before, but then it dawned on you that they might actually be right. You just might be one of those, those... degenerates. But they were idiots anyway, so you ignored it, chalked it up to the ignorance of youth - theirs, not yours - but then you went to University, to the hallowed halls of Cambridge no less, to Kings College, where some of the best and the brightest had gone before you; Frederick Sanger; Patrick Blackett; Alan Turing.
“Why wouldn’t I be? You put time, thought, and effort into this. You’ve given me a day to remember. Of course I’m impressed.”
The hand rested squarely on his chest, palm over his heart. The second hand slid around his waist and then the lips were against his neck, his collar bone, his throat, and the sensations made him gasp.
He didn’t want it. He shouldn’t want it. Shouldn’t be thinking about it. It wasn’t good. It wasn’t a good thing to want.
In 1999, two thousand and thirty-five years later, Thomas Hales at the University of Michigan finally produced mathematical proof that Marcus Terentius Varro was in fact correct. I like to think it was the problem that Harry always went back to.
"Hmmm," the doctor said. "My fault really. Didn't exactly mention I was back in the area, and I haven't been here much, not since...." He trailed off with a false smile.
“Why don’t you deduce,” he said slowly as he ran his hand leisurely up the strong thighs and onwards, his thumbs brushing the flies and the stirring interest within, before resting on the button.
"Kettle is on the stove if you would like a hot drink, although it may need reheating. Tea bags, sugar, and mugs are on the side. Or there is coffee if you would prefer. Milk is in the fridge."
"Sit," the doctor said, guiding him to the second armchair, which was the closest to the fireplace. "Give me a moment and I'll sort the fire. Provided you trust me enough not to actually burn the place down."
He was pale and skinny, he decided, but not all together unattractive. But this was the first time anyone else would see him naked with an eye to sexual intercourse, so some effort was required.
He turned his head as the doctor slumped beside him, the pair of them lying on their backs, only partially touching.
“Watson with the serve. Holmes forehand. Watson backhand. Holmes forehand. Watson with the slice. Holmes returns but it hits the net and bounces out.”
Sherlock swallowed. Teasing, that was teasing he realised. Teasing was... good. Although that was teasing about sex, and while sex didn't alarm him - it didn't! - he did recognise that he was not without... issues. A lack of practical experience, for one. A lack of
No. No he hadn’t. At least not in words. Not yet. But that didn’t mean that Sherlock hadn’t told him in other ways. Now that they were speaking the same language again it was all so obvious. It was there in what Sherlock did; in the little actions of anticipation of what John might want or need; in the small private smiles; in the French he spoke during sex; in the affectionate teasing; even in the passionate arguing.
Given everything, it might have been better had the instrument not have been in such good condition, if the neck had been cracked, or the strings frayed, or the sound hollow and empty, but it was perfect.
John clenched his fist in reflex, because he knew that look. He fucking well knew it all too bloody well. He raised his chin. “There’s more, isn’t there? What the hell aren’t you telling me? What do you know?”
He ran his finger across the body noting the texture and feel, then up the back of the neck and round to the strings. The body was dust free, the neck undamaged, the pegs neither loosened nor jammed. A piece of soft fabric had been placed under the tailpiece, no doubt as a precaution against damage should the bridge have collapsed, but the bridge was perfect and the strings intact.
Closing the cupboard behind him, he made his way over to the bookshelves. He didn't bother disguising his interest in what was there and the doctor said nothing, offering only a small smile.
Sherlock shifted slightly at John’s words, making a vague noise even as he kept his eyes shut and his head in John’s hands.
There was far too little light to see the doctor's expression, but he could make out the acknowledging nod of the head.
"Sure," the doctor said as if it was a perfectly normal thing to go and do while your kidnapping victim attempts and fails at escaping. "You don't have to have one if you don't like them. There's plenty of other things. I just thought it would be something nice after your long day."
He stared at the other man, at the lines around his eyes, his mouth, at how familiar they had become but at the same time somehow strange, as if they weren't right, that they shouldn't be there. He had the sudden urge to touch them, to feel them, to smooth them away. And then more. To do more.
He gave a lazy ‘I’ve been shagged’ smile back and twisted his head to place a kiss against Sherlock’s leg.
There was a pause and then the arms tightened around him and Sherlock's head pressed between his shoulder blades and they joined together in laughter.
"Yes. You may remember that I was at that exact time working on my test for blood. You were very obliging in being shown the manner in which it could be used. You could have been faking your interest in order to secure good lodgings at a reasonable price, but there was one thing you could not fake."
“Come on, John," he heard being muttered behind him in that beautiful voice. "Come on. Just let go. Let it happen. That’s it. Allons y. Tu es magnifique."
"Drink okay?" His own drink retrieved, the doctor sank once more into the second chair, cradling the mug.
“Now the one thing I would really like to know, John Watson,” she said, a crafty smile on her lips as Sherlock resumed his seat, “is the answer to the most important question of them all; does he snore?”
"But so too went the jabs, the snide comments, the insults. 'Too curvy for you, Holmes? Prefer a flatter chest, Holmes?'. And on and on, and despite your efforts to hide they still seemed to know. And they were still right.
Music: Loch Lomond - perhaps one the best known Scottish tunes (along with Auld Lang Syne). Various theories exist about the song, many of them linked to the Jacobite Uprising of 1745 and the Battle of Culloden in 1746. It is generally accepted to be about a pair of lovers parted by death.
Harry was right. Harry was always right about these sorts of things, even when he was dead. It was time to do more than just existing. It was time to reengage with the world. To face that which he had turned his back on.
Leaning over, he gathered the keys from where they had fallen onto the passenger seat. They were nothing special, just a key and a Gaelic knot keyring.
“Watson lines up for his next serve. It’s good and although Zhi Zhu gets his racket to it, it goes wild.”
know it was him, but that’s not enough. Don’t you see, John, there is nothing we can do and he knows it.”
. Drop a match and watch it catch. All those notebooks, those canvases, the old clothing in the wardrobe. Watch as the memories are consumed by the racing yellow lines of destruction."
As it was, the journey continued in a comfortable silence, slower now than going as the lack of sunlight and any streetlights made the journey more hazardous.
They lingered for a moment, foreheads pressed together before Sherlock pulled away and got to his feet.
The sun was sinking by the time he returned to the cottage. The door was locked but the spare keys weren't on the inside mat. Sherlock must have taken them with him. Yes, that was the sort of thing he would do.
“… forehand Zhi Zhu, backhand Watson, Zhi Zhu scrambles for it, Watson with the half volley and he’s done it. John Watson, closes the match down with a beautifully placed half volley after dominating this third set.”
"I don't know what you want from me and I have... little experience to draw on. Mutual agreement, you said. Active and willing participation. Activities of a sexual nature. But what activities? What will you do? What do you actually expect from me?"
"Oh, of course," the doctor responded, his voice trailing off before he added, "make yourself at home."
Game - Chess (again), because having reached the endgame stage (the stage where there are few pieces left on the board), John gets Sherlock in both check and mate.
The massage that followed was almost brutal in comparison, but the relief that came with it easily outweighed the discomfort. Sherlock’s research had certainly paid off; the masseur was a genius, with strong, agile fingers that rooted out every tight or knotted muscle and guided them to be better. The masseur had also been blessedly quiet during the whole process, talking no more than was needed as he went through the different stages and techniques. This allowed John to relax more fully as he did not need to concentrate on upholding one end of a conversation.
While massages between them were hardly a new thing, and John already knew how talented Sherlock’s hands could be, it quickly became clear that once again his partner had been doing some extracurricular studying.
Cresting a hill he checked his watch and decided he had gone far enough. He was at least a mile away from the cottage now and once he followed the hill down he would be completely out of sight of it. All he had to do now was find somewhere suitable to turn off.
At this he at least afforded me the curtesy of quiet while I gathered the words with which to speak.
The doctor had busied himself around the room, first with the cooking, then with the clearing and tidying. Logs were added to the fire, a puzzle book picked up and later put down, a novel plucked from the shelves. The hours ticked by in relative quiet, until Sherlock made his excuses.
“Good hold there by Watson. He had to fight for it, but when it mattered he did it. He survives and Zhi Zhu may never have a better chance than that in this set.”
“Good,” John agreed. “Very good. Unbelievably amazingly good. Come here, you daft git,” he continued, leaning over to pull Sherlock into a soft kiss. “Thank you.”
He hesitated. He had not expected the doctor to still be awake. His vague plan had involved slipping down and slipping back up again while the doctor slept, or at least pretended to sleep, in order to avoid interaction. Now though, the music meant that neither of them could pretend that they hadn't known the other to be awake.
is who I am, who I am supposed to be. I know now what I have been missing, and now I have it, even if I could, I wouldn't go back.
By mutual consent, we took the change in our relationship slowly. Far more reserved that previous incarnations I had known, Holmes was not someone easy with physical touch or romantic expression, and more than anything I did not wish to startle him with too much, too fast. Where in other lives we might have reached for a bed with little hesitation, that outcome would have to be carefully built towards this time.
Whoever he was expecting it wasn't who appeared. It wasn't one of his class or college acquaintances ready to spring some elaborate hazing event. It wasn't Mycroft, inexplicably called home from managing the empire by the siren of his baby brother's forays into mind altering drugs. Nor was it Uncle Rudy, risen from his sick bed, nor nurses in white confirming a section, nor Mummy or Daddy, tanned and fussing.
Annnnd that's the six parts. Next week is an interlude from Lestrade's POV, but this is the end of the first arc of the story. I hope you've enjoyed. And thank you for all the support, kudos and comments. :)
There was no question of me not taking the rooms. Even considering the secrets that I held, I felt them safe, if only in the immediate.
The laughter at that thought caught him off guard. Perched on the bath side, he pressed his fist to his mouth, stifling the sound that even to his ears sounded a little hysterical. Was that all it took to rend him nonsensical? One kiss and all the blood in his body pooling in a lower extremity?
Come with me, he wanted to say. Come with me back to Cambridge. Forget their history, the age gap, the circumstances of their acquaintance. Forget Harry. Come and see if they could have more than just seven days.
"No really," the doctor reiterated, "that was something, something really quite special. What made you choose that one?"
The hunt through the kitchen allowed him to take close note of what was and wasn't there. The cupboards revealed tins, packets, crackers, biscuits, crisps, enough supplies for two for a fortnight, possibly longer, all with long best before dates. Several cartons of UHT milk pointed to the expectation that the fresh milk would not last the week and might not be replaced. Similarly, the freezer contained a couple of bags of frozen vegetables ready to supplement the fresh in the fridge.
They moved around each other, him to the table, the doctor to his armchair, which he sunk into, leaning back, eyes lidded as he listen to the music. The music choice seemed out of character for the doctor, yet it was clear he was very familiar with it. Perhaps that was less surprising considering the age of his lost lover, who from Sherlock's calculation had likely to have been born around the 1940s.
Oh, he was angry now, because Sherlock had promised, the lying git had fucking well promised that he would share anything that happened in regards to Moriarty, that they would never have a repeat of Toronto where Moriarty would be able to use them, their relationship, against them. Sherlock had looked him in the eye and promised. The bastard had even sealed it with a kiss.
It could have been an hour, or two, or more, when the faster tempo of Motown and disco gave way to tired feet and noticeable hunger.
They hadn't even been anything special, just hired thugs, humans tasked with hurting a forty-nine year old artistic academic for reasons they were never made privy to. And hurt him they had. By the time John found him it was already too late. The internal damage was too great, even for his healing abilities, and his hands, Harry’s beautiful artist hands, had been shattered and twisted beyond recognition. Even so, he might have tried, would have poured every ounce of healing power into his lover had it not been for the blood loss.
Sherlock frowned. It was almost as if the doctor was treating him like a trapped or wild animal, making sure exits were available and not making any sudden movements.
Board Game: Chess - because really, what is all this but an elaborate game of chess? Also, Harry was bloody good at chess, when he wasn’t distracted. As a consequence, John is bloody good at it as well, at least compared to a normal person. Don’t be fooled by the mention of Sherlock having taken John’s queen earlier in the game. At Uni I had a friend whose dad belonged to a chess club that toured Europe. My friend started to beat his dad by the age of 12. My friend’s favourite trick was luring opponents into false confidence – and a trap – by throwing away his queen early on.
“It’s fine,” John said, reaching across to rest his hand over Sherlock’s. “It’s all fine. I don’t want anything special. It’s going to be a long enough day as it is, so you and me is more than enough. Alright?”
His bag had been packed with military-like neatness and it wasn't hard to pull out a new shirt and pair of slacks. There were socks and pants also in the bag, and he tried not think about the doctor going through his underwear drawer or what he might have done to his sock index. He added a jumper to his new, dry clothing and felt himself warm further.
Spotting the bag, Sherlock silently went to grab it, snagging the towel as he went. This wasn't giving in. This was just a sensible retreat to allow for recovery and regrouping.
All in all, however, within five minutes of making his acquaintance, Sherlock Holmes was digging a long bodkin into his finger and drawing off the resulting drop of blood in a chemical pipette. I knew in that moment, beyond all doubt, that he was the right man.
Through it all he maintained his usual smile, although that was hardly a hardship. Smiling was easy when you were winning, when you felt confident and content, when you had a gorgeous, talented (if demanding and know-it-all) lover waiting for you back at the hotel.
Sherlock frowned, thinking back to the records he had unpacked that first full day. Billy Ocean and the Bee Gees had certainly been new additions that the doctor had bought with him. So definitely the doctor's music rather than anything shared.
It wasn’t exactly what he had been expecting and it took a moment for him to place what he was watching.
His Doc Martens were indeed by the door and, in lieu of anything better, they would suffice for the plan and terrain.
He tugged himself upright, the covers slipping down as he sought out his left forearm. The puncture mark burned an angry red against his otherwise pale skin. So he
"This was perhaps the only thing I could hold over them. Trusting my life to their good sense, I informed them that unless the situation was resolved swiftly and completely, I would take what I knew to the very highest levels of Government.
Despite owning property relatively nearby, it had failed to occur to him that the doctor might actually know some of the real locals.
"Then came the gay slurs. Gay. Queer. Fairy. Fag. Faggot. Poofter. Bummer. Bum bandit. Gay lord. Pillow biter. Cocksucker.
“What?” Sherlock asked as he stopped long enough to realise that John was just looking at him. “What? Have I done something?”
“Thought that was you,” she said, perching on a free chair. “I heard you’d won your match. Congrats on that. You watching to find out who your next round opponent will be?”
“His mobile,” he said blandly, as if she should have realised that his partner wasn’t likely to be standing near him making breathless, decidedly feminine, high pitched sex sounds.
The high pitched whistle brought him back to the present. It was an old sound, one from his childhood. Familiar. Almost comforting, like the smell of honey and old books. A stove top kettle rather than an electric one then, almost quaint.
“It’s just coming up, but Zhi Zhu is about to serve to open this tie-break. Good return by Watson, Zhi Zhu forehand, Watson backhand down the line, Zhi Zhu forehand, Watson return, Zhi Zhu and it just bounces in.”
It was the first time, he realised, that he had heard anything akin to anger in the doctor's voice and this was definitely anger, but of the quiet, understated type rather than the overblown, ranting type. All colour, what little there usually was, had drained from the doctor's face, while his eyes flashed with ire tinged with a hint fear. Physically he had gone still, hand clutching his used towel, his body seeming smaller and yet somehow more dangerous now he was in pyjamas and no longer in one of his oversized jumpers.
"Of course I would stop!" The doctor tapped at the armrest of the chair then ran his hand over his face. "Look," he said, "I'm a lot of things. God knows you're not exactly seeing the best of me, but I am
As fate would have it, it was that very same day that my path crossed with Stamford and my life took its unexpected but most welcome turn.
man. You say stop, I will stop. You say wait, we wait until you're happy. We try something and you don't like it, we don't do it. All I ask is that you're willing to at least try. Alright?"
He stood for a moment, watching the view, the faint ripples on the surface of the loch, the mated kestrels circling above. Closing his eyes he could almost see it as he had once known it, bustling with life, all people and animals, shouts and screams, the farrier hammering away, the women with the washing, children playing, Mrs MacEwan shouting her displeasure as one of them stole an apple.
“That certainly explains why he’s being doing so well. Fascinating insights there, and now the players are returning to their seats, Zhi Zhu first and then Watson a few moments later. Watson is of course two sets up here. What do you think we should expect to see in this third set?”
There was a moment, as the words hung between them, that he thought the doctor would protest, as he had been throughout, but then it was like the air had been let out and the doctor seemed to deflate before his eyes, hands covering his face in all the confirmation that Sherlock needed that he was right.
So far the doctor had proven rather adept at predicting his actions. Almost frighteningly so. Was this just another version of that? Was he nothing more than a gambler, staking the entire enterprise on being able to predict the outcome? There had been a chance, after all, that the day before could have had a very different outcome. If he had headed away from the road right from the start, if he had gone north, not south, west rather than east, he could have been back in Cambridge by now, but he wasn't.
“Watson lines up to serve. Holmes returns. Watson forehand. Holmes backhand. Watson with the slice. Holmes backhand slice. Watson forehand which clips the net but goes over leaving Holmes unable to return it.”
Finding the most comfortable chair he could find, John collapsed gratefully onto it, glad to be finally out of the sun and away from things being demanding of him. Somehow the post-match press gauntlet never seemed to get any easier. Or faster for that matter. Not that they were too bad, at least not for him. The press liked him for one, he was the British golden boy after all, but there were times when what he really wanted was to be left alone.
"The red coats. Yes, it was." The doctor's voice took on a more distant tone as he spoke. "Burnt the lot to the ground, they did. Or at least tried to. Looking for someone who wasn't lost, and for a Jacobite who didn't exist. Or at least that's how the story goes."
“So stay with us as we bring you all the explosive action from a jam-packed day of top class tennis, keeping you updated with developments from across the courts all morning, afternoon, and into the evening.”
“For the first time in this match, possibly even in this tournament, Sherlock Holmes could be in trouble.”
Dinner was going well and was certainly far more relaxed than their first meeting. Maybe it had something to do with the more informal setting, the lack of Hollywood glitz and glamour, of not being as overawed by who Irene was and what she stood for. Or maybe it was more to do with them. No uncomfortable clothing, no trying to impress, no uncertainty regarding the nature of his and Sherlock’s relationship. It was good, better than good, and somehow dressed in jeans with her hair less elaborately styled Irene was entirely more approachable. This was obviously the Irene that Sherlock knew, the Irene he talked about.
Crouching, Sherlock considered the tower, mentally rating the blocks from easy to folly before reaching for his choice. It slid out reasonably smoothly with only a slight wiggle needed at the end.
The words were quiet, almost sorrowful, but completely sincere. "Me and Harry. We weren't perfect. Far from it in fact. We argued. We cursed. We lost our tempers. We could go months without even seeing each other. He could get caught up in his work. I sometimes needed more than he could give. He called me an idiot. I called him a fool. The age thing, I won’t lie, it was sometimes an issue. But we made it work.
Even as the blankness of unconsciousness gave way to the vividness of dreaming, his mind filtered, sorted and concluded that something was wrong.
Without the jumper, and despite the lack of light to see by, the doctor appeared smaller than he might have expected, in stature and in build. There was definite definition to him though, a muscle tone that spoke of both strength and stamina, without seeming overworked or unnecessary.
“I think it’s got to be Watson. Not something I thought I’d say three months ago, but that just shows how quickly things can change.”
It was then that I decided I should hang up my travelling bag in the hopes I might instead come upon the Sherlock who was to be my next companion. My instincts told me he was in London, so to London I went, and there I stayed, biding my time, waiting for our paths to cross. Months passed until the day came whence I gave serious consideration to availing myself of more modern means in an attempt to find him myself.
. Thank you. I didn’t even know you were paying any attention to what I was saying.” Or how many he had had to throw out, not wanting to send those particular soiled socks through the hotel laundry.
Harry's room, he had called it. He was probably counting on Sherlock's innate curiosity and inability to leave well alone to stop him from automatically reaching for the jeep keys and getting out of there. It was mildly frustrating that in that the doctor was apparently correct. The man knew him surprisingly well, better than anyone outside of his immediate family, and in some respects better than even them.
a copy," Sherlock said after another long moment. "There was a fire. I was told it was unlikely there were any other copies still in existence."
The missed call was from Clara and could continue to wait. With the time difference it would be very late now in London, and even though he could pretty much guarantee that Clara would still be awake there were some things that could wait until the next morning.
Music - Glen Miller - "Moonlight Serenade", "In the Mood" and "At Last" - because Watson is as smooth as.
"This one?" The doctor picked it up, turning it in his hand. "Harry probably got it somewhere. Unless, no actually, I know, it was part of the stuff that came from the cottage in Sussex. There was a whole load of things in the attic when we cleared it out. Harry liked the sound of it, so he kept it. Why? What's wrong?"
He let out the shaky breath. “Alright,” he said slowly, grabbing onto the one thing he might have the chance to control, “what do we do? Who do we go to? Who do we tell?”
"Now," the doctor said, breathing in deeply before tipping his chin so their eyes met straight on, "I believe I promised you the full oral experience."
The rain ran through the doctor's hair and across the coat he had obviously taken the time to put on. For a dangerous kidnapper and potential rapist he looked remarkably innocent, with his mild expression and nonchalant attitude. Just another everyday man in his late thirties, early forties, a teacher, or vicar... or your doctor.
The case was hidden at the back of the room, obscured from view by the Gladstone bag and a stack of manuscript paper. In hindsight, the case's existence could have been hypothesised from the number of music books and handwritten manuscripts he had found, but that barely prepared Sherlock for the sight that greeted him on opening it.
“Look at his serve again. He served straight to Watson’s weaker side, which he followed with a deep response forcing Watson right to the back of the court, and then the slice over the net which Watson had no chance of getting to.
The doctor blinked again. "Something in return." A wry smile slid onto his face. "You mean other than the chance to be sexually intimate with someone who would use all of their practical knowledge and experience to make it as easy, gentle and pleasurable as possible?"
“I think,” John said slowly, “that part of you will worry about how the outcome of the match will affect us, our relationship. Some part of you, however small, has considered the possibility that you winning might somehow lead to us breaking up. You can’t tell me that the thought hasn’t crossed your mind at all.”
“Zhi Zhu’s turn to serve. He knows he’s got to do well on these serves if he has any chance of coming back in this tie-break. He readies himself in that tight, curled style he has, and serves. Watson belts it back, down the line, and though Zhi Zhu got to it he could only get the ball into the net.”
“Amazingly, for the first time this tournament, Holmes finds himself a break down. He’s not playing badly, but against the Wimbledon Champion he’s finding that that just might not be good enough. The question is, how is he going to respond?”
Sherlock looked up somewhat taken back. “How could the unofficial story ever match up to the public displays of indecency and envisioned rounds of passionate, kink filled, Karma Sutra sex we were reported to be routinely engaging in?”
"'Gentlemen', I informed them. 'I have no interest in taking forward what I know to any higher group or authority. Your existence is nothing to me provided you stay on the right side of the law. This individual, however, must be stopped. As our legal system is not equipped to deal with such a person, I can only strongly insist that this is sorted within your own community and as quickly as possible.'
He jumped four spaces and sunk his little blue hat over the doctor's red one. "Bee keeping," he said, with a look of challenge to his opponent.
In silent unity, they shifted their bags back onto their shoulders and nodded to say they were ready.
1) I’ve always wanted to write a story where John holds all the cards and Sherlock is the one playing catch up. I also wanted to write a story where John is unashamedly gay. So, here it is. There are also a whole host of my other favourite tropes and clichés in here as well, but you will have to wait and see to find out which ones.
The hands at his hips guided him upwards until his knees were resting on pillows that were slipped beneath him.
It was the gentle touch of a cloth that finally roused him, and he opened his eyes to find himself tucked carefully back away and the doctor wiping his hand on a small towel. It was then that the realisation of what they had just done, what
"Well, my apologies. Can't be sounding like him," the doctor said with a wry smile. "I thought we could go for a walk," he continued. "Fresh air, exercise, a view."
The doctor considered, tapped gently at the table again, and then raised his gaze to look him in the eyes. "You," he said slowly, "are not a freak."
No, it couldn't be. He had to be mistaken. And yet everything and more brought him back to the same conclusion. He was holding in his hands, an example of the work of one of the most famous, illustrious, sought after violin makers that had ever existed. This violin, hidden away in a spare room in the Scottish Highlands, was the most exquisite instrument he had ever come into contact with. And it was worth thousands. Hundreds of thousands, in fact. Depending upon its age and condition, possibly even a million.
“‘Even with your prolific abilities, my dear fellows,’ I concluded easily, ‘you would be unable to identify and stop all three within the timeframe. Nor, do I believe you willing to take the risk. You see, gentlemen, I have no quarrel with you or your people. I only desire for a rouge individual, a danger to both our people, be stopped.’
Hands slid up the outside of his legs, over his knees, up his thighs, thumbs under the fabric, bunching it as fingers curled up and over the waist band of his boxers. Another lick of the lips and the gaze remained challenging.
“’I will, in short, gentlemen,’ I said, ‘turn your lives into one of turmoil and persecution that not one of you would wish to step foot in this country for a hundred years. You must understand, gentlemen, this is not something I would wish to do, but for the sake and safety of my fellow men, it is a step I would be willing to take. On the other hand, deal with this matter as you see fit and I shall gladly fain ignorance of your existence until the end of my days’.
“It’s Zhi Zhu to serve. Watson powers it back, Zhi Zhu forehand, Watson forehand, Zhi Zhu returns, Watson backhand, Zhi Zhu, Watson, but it clips the top of the net and bounces wide.”
The journey was relatively quiet. It started to rain eight minutes out, but it was light and for the location practically inconsiderable. The windscreen wipers went no higher than their first setting.
Was that what the poets extolled, the lyricists revered, his college acquaintances had laughed about but indulged in every chance they got? It had been... not unpleasant, but it had hardly been earth shattering.
The doctor’s quiet word sounded suddenly loud to his ears. Amazing? He wanted to ask if the doctor really thought so. Or even to simply ask the doctor to repeat what he had said, but even that felt too much.
He wanted to rear up as the pale, bared arm was thrust under his nose, but instinct was strong and he could see the pulse beating enticingly, already calling to him. His mouth salivated in readiness and it took all his will to push it away.
Sherlock’s answering smile was almost uncharacteristically soft, but then their lips were meeting and everything else was forgotten. The kiss was gentle and unhurried, tongues brushing and stroking, matched by the hand Sherlock now traced around his upper body. Fingers trailing up his arm, palm pressing against his side, thumb circling his nipple.
"Maybe," Harry continued. "Or maybe knowing you saved me from Turing's fate. Either way, no regrets. I have never regretting knowing you, John Watson, and neither will he."
“Oh I do. God yes, I love the place. I just can’t believe that you’re….” He let his voice trail off as he leant back with a slight shake of the head.
The desk was the obvious place. He had been through all the other likely places already; the cupboards, under the stairs,
The tins all had long best before dates because the cupboards had been stripped bare at least four years previous, before the doctor had moved to their area. All the tins that had been there before that had already been removed.
Keeping an eye on him, Sherlock slowly leaned over, turning the window handle through one rotation to create a small gap at the top.
She smiled slightly, obviously waiting for him, wanting him to keep talking. It was an old trick, but an effective one. Well, if she was going to play that game he might as well give her an answer.
He pressed his lips together before looking back at his partner who was still watching him expectantly.
"I've got you," he heard in reply, and then the arms were tightening around him as his head fell to rest against a broad shoulder.
The doctor was trying to recreate what he had lost. He had returned to the old house and had kidnapped someone who was probably very similar to his lost love.
His current options, therefore, involved either getting into that room somehow, or taking his exploration outside. Curiously, he found himself unable to accurately predict the doctor’s reaction to either option. It was true that the doctor had been unexpectedly mild and open so far, but that still needed to be held against the fact the doctor had abducted him in the first place.
Maybe it was the words, or the tone of voice, but something shifted in his mind as the kaleidoscope of mental images that formed part of his memory settled on a particular time and place.
Roofs gone, walls tumbling, ivy grew across the stones and in the halls. He walked slowly, hand running across the uneven structure, pushing aside plants as he went.
“Probably.” Sherlock rolled his head to loll back against the sofa. “Lestrade would know. Although he did suggest that should I really want to be nice to you I could let you win. He has assured me that that was a joke.”
The doctor blinked for a moment, frowning as he looked from Sherlock to the space heater and back again.
The both made a point of looking, Sherlock arching an eyebrow as if asking what he was expected to do with it.
After a decade, I returned to London, and in a fit of what I thought of as inspiration, embarked upon the necessary training to become a doctor. Whilst the knowledge of herbs and natural remedies had been both an interest and hobby for me in the past, a more systematic, regulated approach was coming into practice. Having witnessed the skills of the ship's surgeon while we had sailed, I was keen to learn more and was amazed by the further developments since then. I will not deny that there was a certain selfishness in my choice, for I planned on putting my new knowledge to good use by keeping my next Sherlock hale and hearty and with me for as long as possible.
Sherlock shuddered, fumbled to press kisses against his face, and then seemed to just give up, still rocking, head tilting sideways and then back, mouth open until, “John, I’m… I’m….”
Confused, Sherlock looked back, surprised to see the bunched ceases on the bed sheet, which could only have been caused by his inadvertent clutching of it. That was perhaps a bit not good, but nothing to be concerned about. He wanted this.
"Good night," the doctor had murmured offering a small smile. "There are extra sheets and blankets in the wardrobe if you find yourself in need. I'll see you tomorrow."
Safe sex, guys. Safe sex this most definitely was not. Sherlock is a little too naive and a little too trusting of John to remember that they really should be using a condom (Mummy would be disappointed). John, of course, has his own reasons for not using one. Also the lack of mention of lube was fully intentional.
It was not what he had been expecting. Jammed full of all sorts of things it was a preverbal treasure trove; paintings and pictures, but also books and journals; display cases, both large and small; a moose head and a skull; a wardrobe with a faded red uniformed arm poking out; far more than he would have thought.
Sherlock's eyes narrowed, but he nodded. If he left within the next hour he could be a considerable distance away in that time.
The images flickered without rhyme or reason, a tangled web without pattern or sense. One moment a beach on the edge of a shining loch, the next London, heavy in yellow fog, the next a full-rigged sailing ship cutting through a blue ocean.
“Yes, that’s it, John. Come on. Hard as you want. Deep. Go deeper. God’s sake, you’re not going to break me. That’s it. Ça fait du bien*.”
He supposed it was one of his little secrets. Dancing was really one of few social activities he indulged in, although never where anyone could recognise him. Music was one of the few things he could lose himself in. Add in a few drugs and for a few glorious hours he could lose himself completely.
Seven days bought him time. Even a day would surely put him in a better position to escape or to defend himself than he was in right now. A lot can be planned within seven days. Considering everything, was he really going to get a better deal than that?
He should have felt more anxiety about the whole thing, and yet he didn't. The doctor had told him point by point what was going to happen, and then he had done exactly as he said he would. Nothing more, nothing less.
Closing his eyes, he leant back under the shade of the umbrella and concentrated on breathing deeply. Even in the shade he could feel the heat swirling around, getting trapped by the high surrounding stands. The oohs and aahs from the crowds on the other stadium floated past and for a brief moment he wondered if Sherlock was watching him. Maybe. It depended on Sherlock’s own game preparation. Hopefully he’d at least have heard the latest score. Greg would have told him if nothing else.
I have, over the years, seen many sights and heard many things, but Sherlock's ability to surprise me somehow never ceases.
Perhaps the most famous song in Gilbert and Sullivan’s operas, and from the 1879 comic opera "The Pirates of Penzance". As a mathematician and as a music lover, so much of the song would have irritated Harry no end, with its repetitive but catchy tune, and almost nonsensical – and certainly grammatically dubious - lyrics. First the maths references:
John wasn’t too sure what to think. Sherlock, of course, had told him in unconditional terms that he was to win, and had pointed out that John had one thing at least the Zhi Zhu did not.
“One hour twelve, actually,” Sherlock said before producing a tube of lube from under one of the cushions. “And it was more of a stroll.”
How I came to share rooms, and consequently a life, with Mr. Sherlock Holmes of Baker Street is a matter already well documented. Indeed, so widely is the story known that to question the truth of the matter would be taken by many to be a form of blasphemy. Had not the story been of my own telling and by my own pen after all? Had my name not accompanied the text? The truth has already been set down, and so truth it shall remain, aside for the small matter of the account having been at least partially fictionalised.
As I spoke those last words, I gently rested my hand over his, having moved towards him during my speech. I could feel the tremor that still gripped his frame even as I sought to reassure him. For a moment there was no reaction and I feared I had made some misstep in my entire treatment of him, but then his hand turned beneath mine, his fingers repositioning until our hands cradled each other, our fingers entwined.
Sherlock nodded in acknowledgement, before making his way over to where he had hung up his clothing and the towel the evening before. They were exactly as he had left them. That was… good.
It was the music and not the need for food that eventually drew him back downstairs. Or maybe not even the music, maybe it was more the singing that accompanied it.
It was different from Sherlock's own more wiry tone, which had been acquired honestly, initially through cardio, dance, martial arts, and more recently, boxing.
It was more than he had expected and more still than he had even dared hope for. There was no reluctance, no teasing or jest in the tone, no compromise or leeway in the words. It was straightforward, comprehensive, and most of all honest in its conviction.
Confused, he looked down at the papers spread before him. Despite having only just finished, he had no recollection of what he had been playing. So caught up in his own thoughts he had barely taken notice of his music choice.
“Watson’s being careful, taking his time, setting up the shots. He’s not doing anything particularly fancy, but he’s switching things around a bit, keeping Zhi Zhu moving and then going for the point shot. It’s working so far.”
They left for the club separately, Sherlock first, with Lestrade, John following twenty minutes later in a second car. The journey was relatively straightforward and gave him plenty of time to think. If he won the toss would he prefer to serve first or second? Against an opponent like Sherlock both had their positives and negatives.
Maybe it was the sounds, or lack thereof. Maybe it was the smells that were somehow unfamiliarly familiar. Or maybe it was the weight across his supine positioned body that spoke of a bed with covers that his mind had no recollection of reaching. Maybe it was all or nothing of these, but by the time his conscious mind reassert itself, he knew for certain that something was not right.
Low Road - alt. The road taken by the relatives of executed Jacobites, who travelled back to Scotland from London via the ordinary roads travelled by peasants and commoners.
And then it was all a little swing, and a little disco, and even a little folk in the moves, and Sherlock found himself joining in, arms raising, feet stepping, hips twisting, and it was... joyous.
Looking round, he took in the sights, the building, the furniture, and then the people. Taking a breath, he paused, and then he began.
Their bodies slotted together as they moved and stroked and flexed and kissed. For the first time he truly understood why people claimed that sex was like a dance.
Unless the doctor didn't want him to return to the room quite so soon? It had come after mention of going back up, so that would follow. Sherlock had spent a considerable number of hours alone up there and it had been previously observed that the doctor was bereft of company in general, even going to great lengths to kidnap someone. His mood could be considered more melancholy than even the day before, his body language increasingly weary. Company was what he was craving.
A hand in his hair pulled his head up and back, but he went willingly, meeting the dilated pupils of his lover.
He rubbed absently at his neck before reached for the dressing gown, slipping it on for the warmth and headed for the door.
"Perhaps," he conceded with one of his no longer so rare smiles, a warm twinkle in his eyes. "But I in turn do declare that you, my dear Watson, are merely improbable."
It was open plan at the bottom, a large airy room that somehow managed to be both spacious and cosy. To the right was the living area, complete with sofa, armchairs and a sweeping view of the highlands. To the left there was a small kitchen area with table and chairs. Between them were bookshelves and a desk.
“Zhi Zhu with the serve. Watson forehand, Zhi Zhu forehand, Watson backhand, Zhi Zhu with the slice, Watson reaches it, and oh, he’s buried it in the far hand corner, out of Zhi Zhu’s reach and there’s the break.”
Slowly coming back to himself, he found the doctor perched between his parted legs, topless, trousers undone, looking down at him as if he was the most amazing thing in the world. It was a look that was almost hungry in raw need, a faint flush to the doctor’s cheeks that Sherlock had never seen before.
It had worked. The tactics, the game plan, all the little mantras, they had all come together and worked.
“Mmmm,” Sherlock said as he eyed the wine menu before turning his attention back on John. “I felt it was more appropriate to keep Italian as an anniversary meal and you’ve shown a recent partiality to French cuisine.”
He felt the doctor's surprise, then it was all heat, warmth and sensation. The gentle kisses of earlier were quickly forgotten for full on opened mouthed exploration that had him delving deeper in for more. He had a vague awareness of the smile he was kissing and the hands now both under his shirt, but they were secondary to the feeling of the mouth and body against his, the eagerness of the tongue that met his like for like. His awareness of himself was fading in favour of the sensations he was freely clinging to and sinking into. And he wanted more.
The fine weather did however give the opportunity to escape the confines of the property. Fresh air would do him good, and it would help him to judge the likelihood of escape on foot just in case it came to that.
“So go on then,” he said, “you going to tell me what you told them, or should I wait to catch it as part of the highlights?”
"You don't have to do it." The doctor's voice was soft, but it was enough to snap him out of his indecisiveness.
The hands shifted, stroking over his calves, the outside of his thighs, more of a caress than a massage. They warmed the skin, stimulating blood flow, but never teased, avoiding areas of greater sensitivity.
“Eight hundred and forty-three acres,” Sherlock said as they walked. “The first public landscaped park in all of the United States. Larger than Regent’s Park and Hyde Park combined, and larger than the principality of Monaco. Admittedly Richmond Park is nearly three times the size of Central Park, but probably best not to tell the locals here that.
It was funny to think that just six and a half days ago he had lain in the upstairs bed debating the likelihood of the doctor actually letting him go, letting him live, with or without the sex. Now the question seemed almost silly.
Relief rushed through him as his fingers curled around the cool metal, and pulling it out he cradled the weapon in his hands. His heart thumped with a force that felt unhealthy and certainly extreme for someone who had been a virtual stranger just a few days earlier.
Reaching forward, he caught a belt loop in his finger and tugged his partner towards him until Sherlock was stood between his legs, looking down with hooded eyes.
Below that, the doctor had listed the activities they had agreed upon, made clear the activities they would not even attempt to partake in, and the clauses should they try but not succeed in a particular act. It was exactly as they had discussed, with the exception of the excluded list that contained things Sherlock had not even thought of - bondage, impact, sensory deprivation.
Blinking at the rapid turn of events, the doctor automatically glanced to the window, which showed grey sky and a muted landscape, but at least it wasn't raining.
At the question, Sherlock barely glanced up from where he was lounging on the sofa, back to the door, notebook in hand.
It had followed his defeat in the second round at Cincinnati. Tired, shoulder aching and feeling every minute of his age, he had gone down two sets to one and bowed out what he had thought had been reasonably gracefully. It had not, after all, been the first round and it wasn’t as if he’d had a rest between finishing at Toronto and walking out onto the court in Cincinnati. Sherlock, however, had seen it somewhat differently.
He shook his head and pushed on. Step after step, mile after mile, the distance nothing to him and his inhuman strength and stamina, until finally he found himself climbing up the watchman's hill overlooking what remained of Dubhloch Castle.
Did he? Had he? Sherlock frowned. Yes, he had known that, or at least had filed it away as a strong possibility, before it got buried under a lot of other new information. But it had never been fully confirmed in his mind. Why? Where had the deduction first come from? The poetry books? Some of them had been in Scots Gaelic, but that as evidence spoken little about oral ability. The doctor had never spoken Scottish Gaelic to him.
Having someone - the doctor - guide him through the experience the once would at least give him further data to work with and reduce the first issue dramatically.
The tale doesn't quite end here though. I have a one-shot prequel that I'm going to post tomorrow which tells the tale of John and Victorian Holmes, written in the style of one of John's Strand stories.
There was another pause and for a moment Sherlock considered that perhaps he had gone too far, that this was something that-
The robe was warm and soft against his bare skin and as he heard the rattling in the water pipes stopping, he hoped he had made the right decision.
Sense returning, John quickly closed the video and went back to his blog. There had to be a way to delete the comment.
Frowning he continued until the road reached a river, curving over it on an old stone bridge. Perfect he thought, holding up the compass. The river was running almost due south and it had to lead to somewhere, probably to a Loch of some sort, which could well mean tourist attraction, which equalled people. In contrast the road was shortly about to bend northwards so this was a good place for them to part ways.
It was brief… and fleeting… and perfect… and he hovered there, peaceful, content, free, and then it was gone, swallowed up as he slammed back into his body, noise and sensation flooding back in a way that was almost overwhelming.
The doctor's smile was lost in their next kiss, but no attempt was made to deny him the control. In fact, just the opposite.
Two, Sherlock picked up an injury that made playing or playing well virtually impossible – not something John wanted to dwell on since he wasn’t sure what an injured Sherlock would be like, but he was in no rush to find out.
Offering a shy smile, he gave a small nod before scooting over until they were touching properly and propped himself onto his side.
"So, what about you?" the doctor asked instead, breaking the awkwardness. "Just you and your brother or are there more of you out there?"
“Everything I’m sure,” Sherlock replied folding away the wine menu. “Which is why I’ve asked them to bring us a selection of their finest foods, excluding, of course, all those I already know you dislike. The bill is already settled, the food is at their discretion and the manager assures me we will not be disappointed.”
you’re still over rotating your wrist on your backhand slice. Also you should attack the net more on your second serve, and try not to get caught so much on the backhand. You don’t go on the offensive enough. We should work on that. Other than that, adequate I suppose.”
Wasn’t that a scary thought? Because Sherlock being right meant that he did actually deserve to be in the top ten; that he should expect to reach the second week of a Grand Slam, to get to quarter finals of tournaments and possibly even further; that he should expect more than he thought he was due.
There were times when talking to Clara was like being hit repeatedly across the face with a feathered pillow; breath-stealing, overwhelming, and surprisingly painful.
Warm air rhythmically caressed his face as he tried to recapture what he had had, until gradually everything started to lessen and a growing awareness started to creep in.
At some point Sherlock had stripped away the duvet and had spread an extra sheet over the bed, but the pillows remained and John stretched himself out, head on the pillows, upper body tilted slightly so he could see what Sherlock was doing.
Had it really been nearly a week? So short a time, and at the same time it felt like a lifetime, in a good way. Sort of.
“You have complained no fewer than five times in the past fortnight of not having enough socks for both training and matches, particularly due to the practice of wearing two pairs at a time to avoid blisters. Also, of the ones you do have, a couple have been lost to our, uh, extra curriculum activities, so it seemed prudent-”
"Of course I blame myself!" John snapped. "We both know you would still be alive if it wasn't for me."
Grabbing his towel, John sank into his chair and reached for his water bottle. His shoulder was a little sore, but that was to be expected, and his pre-match nerves had settled, partly helped by Sherlock’s distraction technique in the corridor before they had been called courtside.
famous actress who had once graced the magazine covers and tabloid pages on the arm of John’s current boyfriend, ever the dashing couple. The actress and the sports star. No, he wasn’t jealous. Of course he wasn’t. He really wasn’t jealous because he knew that Sherlock and Irene had been nothing more than lies and sleight of hand, while he and Sherlock were very real.
The doctor looked down at the front cover. "Uh, E.S.G. Holmes." He raised an eyebrow. "Any relation?"
Effectively dismissed, John had pressed another quick kiss against the up turned lips and then fully pulled away. “I’ll see you afterwards,” he’d said.
For a moment, the doctor looked like he might make light of the situation, but then he answered without question or hesitation.
The river wound lazily through it, gouging out a deep channel that was too deep to walk in. The bank was crowded with trees and bushes, so he quickly gave it up and headed for higher ground where the trees were wider spaced. He paused for a drink and to relieve himself, but the coldness away from the sunlight had him pushing onwards to conserve body heat rather than stop for food.
“You promised, remember,” he said. Keeping his face turned forwards, he pitched his voice so Sherlock would catch the three words as they passed each other.
"I did. And then-" he frowned, suddenly uncertain as to where the thought had been going. "I think they were hoping for a third, but it's just us."
“You could say that again. If there is one thing that defines Sherlock Holmes’ play it is the inch perfect precision he’s perfected, even with difficult, seemingly impossible shots.”
To this end, I had hoped to spend a little more time than I had on previous occasions to thoroughly get to know the man Sherlock currently was. Sharing rooms would only aid in this. Unfortunately, I had failed to take into full consideration the man that he was, and as such the final decision was taken rather dramatically from my hands.
He went for the bathroom, shutting the door firmly behind him. Scrambling for the bolt lock, he breathed deeply as it slid into place, momentarily resting his head against the rough wood before pushing away to look around.
A quick fiddle with the record player and suddenly there was a keyboard, then a tambourine, then the drums, and the doctor was laughing - laughing - as he first clicked his fingers along and then started singing.
“Quickening pulse, dilating pupils, wandering hands, hmm, I’d say so,” Sherlock said, pitching his voice low in his chest and making no move either closer or further away.
Lowering the letter, Sherlock reached for the envelope. Three old photographs was not what he had been expecting, but the doctor was right about one thing, they were the final needed pieces of evidence.
He could imagine Harry scribbling away, barely glancing up when John brought him a hot drink, only reacting when John slid into bed beside him, pressing cold toes to his calves.
“Look, Clara,” he said pointedly, leaving Sherlock with his mobile and his own problems, “was there anything else? I’ve got other things to do you know.”
The women who lived her life in the public view and somehow managed to keep the truth about her private life a secret. What would the world say if they knew even half the truth about her?
To my horror, I found myself unable to bring him the relief he so needed, so distressed was he that he neither heeded my address nor was receptive to the gentle push of compulsion I sent his way. Indeed, at that point it would have taken no less than a fully powered order on my behalf to calm him, something that even a simpleton would not have failed to notice.
He looked back at the paper, carefully reading what had been written. In essence it was somewhere between a contract and a statement. The doctor had reiterated the vow he had made two days before and had then listed the agreements they had come to in precise, technical language.
"You bribed me," Sherlock continued, another step forward, his voice more certain now as he moved from the past to the present. "You bribed me, with my own violin."
Growling, he clawed at the figure in front of him, hearing the shirt fabric rip as he aimed for the throat, teeth scoring without puncturing as he dragged his mouth across the skin, across and up until he could once more reach that mouth. The bottom lip throbbed between his teeth, then he was biting, groaning at the shots of blood even as he ran his tongue against the cuts to heal them.
They had switched Connect Four for Backgammon, Rabin for the Beatles. They had talked a little about music, about strategy and luck, about chemistry and anatomy. There had been a lot of silence, but it had never felt invasive or uncomfortable.
"And some of the sheet music," Sherlock confirmed, "but ultimately yes, the violin. You want me to have sex with you. You've been rather clear on that point. Since you rather illegally kidnapped and abducted me to that end, it seems only fair that I get something in return."
The doctor's hands caught him easily but did nothing to stop the kiss, their lips meeting and parting and suddenly it was all heat and wetness and tongues and teeth and the doctor's hands were moving, and his own were moving, and there was clothing where there could have be something else, and it was good, so good, and this was happening, actually happening and he couldn't stop it, didn't want to stop it, and then his fingers found skin and they were tugging at fabric, and-
"Sure," the doctor said. "I'll go in after you then, and after I'll join you upstairs. If that's alright with you?"
As with all things, neither the weather nor the mood were to last, and by the time the second half of September was upon us, Holmes had once again sunk into the type of melancholy I would become very well acquainted with.
Music - "Love Really Hurts Without You" by Billy Ocean. The other song lyrics mentioned is Billy's "Stop Me (If You've Heard It Before)" . The album is the 1976 released “Billy Ocean”.
"Oh for god's sake, man," Sherlock said. "Look at you. Centuries and you barely age. Twenty years without me and suddenly you're an old man at death’s door." Then he was striding away, throwing open the cupboards as he went. "Where is it? Where have you put it?"
Holmes concluded the talk with a satisfied smile and a wave of his hand. I, myself, however, was in a state of astonishment, not only for that he had survived an encounter with my kind – his plan had been testament to his keen intellect and had perhaps gone some way to ensuring his continued existence, although it had hardly been fool proof had we had had sufficient need to eliminate him – but that once the threat had been removed, he had been left both alive and with his memories intact. I could see little reason why this had not been remedied in the interim years. It was not within our habit to leave at large those who could expose us. Unless there was good reason.
More often though, he had woken up alone on his birthday, and too many of those times, especially more recently, he had also woken up hung over, depressed and very much no longer in the US Open, or whatever Challenger Cup he had gone on to after being ungainly deposited from the Open in the first round.
A wave of panic sent him scrambling from the sofa to the stairs. Had the doctor taken the opportunity to retrieve the pistol from his hiding place? Was that why the doctor had put him to sleep on the sofa rather than insisting he go back to his own bed? The cottage was too silent and still, was it already too late?
"Caffeine is a stimulant," he replied without thought. "Alcohol is a mood enhancer. Neither will help you sleep."
"You're also a doctor, versed in at least the basics of psychology. You knew the longer you keep me here, the more likely I am to develop a form of Stockholm Syndrome and agree to your terms."
Not his favourite. Did he have anything as mundane as a favourite? Other people had favourites. Favourite songs. Favourite bands.
Then again, they were in the middle of nowhere, to what would a telephone be connected? The same issue with a television he supposed, but a television connected to a VCR would still allow for the watching of purchased films or programmes.
Fixing the doctor with an appraising look, he raised the instrument to his chin and tried to visualise the music. The moment the first few notes rang out it all came rushing back; the hours he had spent playing it, the confusion he had felt the first time he heard the haunting melody, the poignant five word question at the centre of the song.
“I won’t deny the thought had passed my mind,” Sherlock said. “Knowing where you are at all times is of course an added bonus. Of course, I do still have one advantage.”
The new board games had been unopened, waiting for someone to play with. The books he had bought out of habit for someone now gone were still unread. The comments and observations once shared with a smile had gone unsaid.
Long explanation short though, most but not all have now been resolved, partially resolved, or proven, but it has taken into this century to do so. Make of that as you will.
The next kiss was surprisingly gentle, but prolonged, parting for air but never fully separating. The first press of the doctor's hand to his crotch startled him, light though it was.
“Uh, yes, fine, good,” Sherlock managed while fumbling with the bottles in his hands as he finally managed to tear his eyes away.
He took another drink. He certainly didn’t want to get dehydrated and he was really sweating it out already.
He hadn't expected the doctor to be so close beside him, almost entirely engulfed by the shadows that darkened the kitchen.
As for John’s birthday being their quarter final day, absolute coincidence. Back in the day I wrote a fake Wikipedia page for both Sherlock and John. Needing a date of birth, I ended up giving John Martin Freeman’s birthday date – 8th September. It just so happened that in 2010, the 8th September was quarter final day. So there it was.
The rest of the meal passed in a haze of good food and even better wine, all slowly consumed and savoured along with the company and conversation.
Having only just recovered from her silver fox comment – what was it with Clara and animal based nicknames? – John closed his eyes as he registered just what exactly
And with those words, the day - and the tournament - which had been going to well before then, suddenly plummeted. False sense of security was about right. Contentment built on sandy ground.
“So they probably went down the whole ‘how do you feel?’, ‘is it going to be strange?’, ‘how easy is it going to be to put aside your friendship to play against each other?’ line of questioning, because you know, original and all that.”
The poem John quotes from when Sherlock reaches the top of the hill is from “Abernethy ” by Douglas Dunn. Dunn is a modern Scottish poet, and winner of the Whitbread Book of the Year in 1985 with Elegies, a book of poems written after the death of his first wife in March 1981. He’s one of the Scottish poets seen by Sherlock, but not named, on John’s shelves. “Abernethy” is taken from his anthology Northlight, published in 1988 after Dunn’s return to Scotland.
He was of the belief that a person's book and music collection could tell you a lot about them. This collection was diverse and confusing; recordings of all fourteen Gilbert and Sullivan collaborations owned by the same person who knew and appreciated the lesser known works by Paganini?
The junior mentioned that trains with John is Oliver Golding, 2011 US Open Boys’ Champion and 2010 US Open Boy’s Doubles finalist. Unfortunately, he never made it on the adult tour.
"Look,” the doctor continued, “I won't tell you the drugs aren’t an issue, but you're old enough to make your own decisions over what you do and don't put into your body. I won't lie, I find it sad that someone with such a brilliant mind as yourself would take such stupid risks with it, but I'm not here to stop you. I'm not that altruistic."
He sank his teeth in and drank even as the hot, virile body arch beneath him, fingers raking across his back. The blood was like ambrosia, warm and alive, the pulse throbbing against his tongue. His cock swelled with the imbibing of it, heavy and thick with want. But even in the frenzy that gripped him, he knew the limits of what he could take, and gasping, he ripped his teeth away, sealing the wound with his tongue.
There was no notebook, no advice, no fool proof tactic that would give him the upper hand. He didn’t even have an elaborate game plan to fall back on, but that did not mean he was without a plan. He had a plan all right.
“Watson still has break point of course as Holmes serves, but the ball is called long. Holmes bounces the second ball and serves. Watson forehand down the line. Holmes forehand. Watson returns. Holmes forehand clips the line. Watson gets to it. Holmes forehand. Watson backhand running in. Holmes again, but Watson’s at the net and volleys the ball into the empty court. And Watson takes the game.”
There was once again a brief moment where he was in balance, when the sensations, the pleasure, the moment, were all aligned, and it was so clear, and sweet, and perfect, and then....
Mycroft in Hong Kong: Britain had sovereignty over Hong Kong until 1st July 1997 when it was officially transferred to the People’s Republic of China, marking the end of 156 years of British colonial rule. It was a massive diplomatic undertaking, and the handover effectively represented the end of the British Empire.
The words spoken in Scots Gaelic were enough to short circuit what remained of his rational mind. He issued the command to submit without thought, pushing his will onto the other man, but there was no come back, no resistance, just an easy acceptance, the command followed most willingly, as was the command to strip, then later the command to come.
It was only long taught self-control that stopped him at clenched fists and a mere teeth bared growl.
John prided himself on being many things, but one thing he wasn’t was an idiot. At least not when came to situations like this. It wasn’t hard to see that there was something off with Sherlock’s game. It wasn’t that it wasn’t good – it was. It wasn’t that he wasn’t trying – he was. It was just… something. Something wasn’t quite right.
John grinned. “That’s true. Kind of goes with the territory. What about you? You played well today. Made short work of that last set.”
There would have to be touching. A lot of touching, actually. Skin against skin. And kissing. The doctor would most likely want to kiss him. The whole point of this was to mimic a real and loving relationship, right, if only for one night. Which meant there would be kissing. Because that was what couples did. That was expected. Also, the doctor seemed to have a bit of an oral thing going on, what with the frequency he licked his lips or moved his tongue.
Day two of the agreed week. Day one had been… informative. Unexpected in a lot of ways. Almost… pleasant… in others.
“No, he didn’t. He kept himself calm. He went out there and stuck to his game plan. He played good clean shots which put Zhi Zhu under pressure, and in the end it was the youngster who cracked.”
The lack of previous contact had only made this more intense, all the nerve endings across his body that Sherlock had taken the time to awaken were singing along with each movement of the tongue and mouth. There was heat, and warmth, and pressure, and bloody hell he was about to-
A shift of the bed and he cracked an eye open enough to watch Sherlock shed the dressing gown and carefully stretch out beside him. The black boxer briefs he still wore did little to hide the mutual want now pressed against his hip.
“Accurate,” Sherlock conceded, a twitch to his lips, “but not absolute. His preference for you over me is trumped by the triumvirate that is you, me and his wages.”
It was noticeably cooler upstairs, the open fire downstairs having already made some difference to the lower floor, but the towel in his hand was warm enough to make stripping not as arduous as it might have been.
Then with a blink, Sherlock was on his feet, the vulnerability buried beneath action and hands cupped John’s face just a moment before lips met his. Sherlock’s lips were softer than usual, his mouth tasting minty fresh, and John couldn’t help but slide his hands round Sherlock’s waist, one over the gown, the other slipping in between the folds. The warmth of Sherlock’s skin, the movement of his body was all familiar, but no less welcoming, and he was willing to simply sink into it.
“Should you prefer the male form, on the other hand,” Sherlock continued, “Feliciano López is certainly not without his charm and is unlikely to defeat Nadal tomorrow. A suitable incentive could make him available for your birthday. Or there is always-”
Breathing out, the doctor gave him one last look over before turning back to the house, hands in packet as he went. The house door closed behind him.
“We have the stats now. So far, before this tie-break, Zhi Zhu had won seven points off Watson’s serve, while Watson had managed eleven off Zhi Zhu’s. Good figures for Watson, but he still didn’t manage to find that all important break, but it does mean he could be in the stronger position here now.”
He gasped the name as everything suddenly shattered. His back arching, his groin rose as his fingers grappling at the body around him, and then there was nothing.
“It’s Watson’s turn to serve now. He bounces the ball, waiting for the crowd to settle, then launches into it. Zhi Zhu with the return, Watson powers it back, Zhi Zhu returns, Watson crosscourt, Zhi Zhu crosscourt, Watson down the line, Zhi Zhu, Watson deep, Zhi Zhu gets to it, but it’s another easy put away for Watson at the net.”
"To be fair," the doctor finally added with what was undoubtedly going to be the justification or explanation, "you drugged yourself." The doctor nodded towards him, towards his arm. "I just switched the bags. But in essence, yes, I drugged you."
The movement drew notice to the uncomfortable pressure at the front of his jeans, the bulge straining against his flies. His spare hand moved without thought, but stopped suddenly as if torn between hiding it and pressing against it.
Sherlock pushed that thought aside, uneasy as it was, and went back to considering the matter at hand, namely that regardless of how inconceivable it might have been a few days earlier, he was now likely to become willingly sexually intimate with the man sat opposite.
“Holmes has certainly dragged himself out of more difficult situations than this. How is he going to respond? He lines up for the serve. It’s good. Watson forehand. Holmes pushing deep. Watson down the line. Holmes crosscourt. Watson and then the forehand from Holmes which Watson can’t quite stretch to, and Holmes pulls a point back.”
"It's a perfectly valid question," the doctor continued, his tone now serious. "But the answer is no. I'm not asking or expecting that of you."
Sherlock closed his mouth. There was something rather rewarding about that. Then he gave a short nod.
There was that feeling again. A faint wash of guilt mingled with sorrow. He wanted to offer his apologies, but was unsure as to what he would be apologising for? For being English? That was ridiculous, and he was no more responsible for actions two hundred years before his birth than the doctor was.
"I'm going to want to take a shower," the doctor... John... said as he rinsed the last plate and went to cover the remains of the meal. "Freshen up a bit. Do you want one as well?"
At Cambridge he had barely taken notice of the changing seasons, more caught up in his books, lectures and labs to really notice the physical world. Intellectually he knew that Cambridge was an attractive place to live in terms of architecture and setting, but that was hardly something that mattered to him, any more than the other university activities he had failed to partake in.
“Watson serves. Holmes hammers it back. Watson forehand. Slice from Holmes. Watson backhand. Another slice from Holmes. Watson, but with the spin it bounces just wide.”
John snorted, but wasn’t going to complain now that Sherlock was putting his full effort into the seduction, quick kisses followed by longer, lingering ones, a quick tug on John’s ear lobe with his teeth.
"Alright, I'm going to make a statement," he said. "You can think of it being based on a deduction. Scoff if you like, but if my deduction is right, you have to take what I say under advisement."
The doctor's coat hung still dripping from the back of one of the kitchen chairs. The doctor himself was crouched by the open fireplace in the lounge area, frowning critically at the small flame he was cultivating in the grid.
"This can no longer do!" he said with a cry that seemed to come from deep within him. "I have thought this through and through, but I find myself in a quagmire of such relentlessness that I can go no further. Tell me you are an invert, Watson. Or else express your disgust that I might wish you to be one."
anything,” Sherlock said, “but I can deduce. Think about it. I’m a threat. He knows I’m not going to fall for his usual mind tricks. Not this time. So he’s going to try something else. Something bigger. I just don’t know what.”
John nodded back. “Good. Now do something with that,” he motioned to the postcard. “Bin it, shred it, even burn it, just get it out of my sight and out of your mind.”
, and if the doctor wasn't going to actively move things forward in a timely manner, then it would be up to him to do so.
There were three texts and a couple of missed calls on his mobile. One text from Dimmock reminding him they were supposed to be meeting up for drinks sometime, preferably soon since Dimmock didn’t think he’d make it into the second week; one from Greg telling him where to meet after the game; and the last from Sherlock. Of all of them it was the shortest. Just two words and his initials, abrupt and straight to the point;
It was also funny that after six and a half days, returning to his life in Cambridge didn't hold the same allure it once had. Funnier still was the realisation that even if this was a form of Stockholm syndrome, he wasn't sure he really cared.
Bees have encouraged mathematical speculation for two millennia, since classical scholars tried to explain the geometrically appealing shape of honeycombs. It is a truth mathematically proven that there are only three geometrical figures with equal sides that can fit together on a flat surface without leaving gaps; equilateral triangles, squares and hexagons.
The edge of Sherlock’s lips tipped upwards. “Thank you, but yes. Your concern is however noted. Incidentally, I see you have new socks. How are they working out for you?”
The lack of maps was somehow unsurprising, but the compass and torch would come in useful, and he slipped in a box of matches just in case, although he was certain he would find some kind of civilisation or habitation before long.
"Okay, I probably deserve that," the doctor said ruefully. Reaching over, he picked up the drink and pointedly took a sip. He grimaced slightly as he swallowed. "Sorry," he apologised, putting the drink back. "Probably not a helpful reaction. It's the sugar. Never could get used to sugar in tea. I can make you another if you'd prefer. Or you can make one yourself."
