"Tony, please-" Tony read the nametag. "-Carla. Thanks for helping me out. It's been ages since I've been to a supermarket."
"Yes, Mr. Stark." Tony contemplated if he should give the kid a hug. He felt like the poor child could sure use one and being someone who'd been deprived of any show of physical affection from a male role model in his childhood, Tony was seriously considering going ahead and wrapping his arms around the kid. Uncertainty vanishing, as his hands were coming up to grab Peter by the shoulders, the boy suddenly looked away and quickly muttered, "The next train arrives in six minutes. Station is a four minute walk away from here."
The kitchen went dark.
Rhodey finally put the paper down. "Sarcastic." Looking at Tony, he beckoned him to sit beside him. "You feelin' alright?"
But then again, the nights aren't fun when memories of a certain bunker in a certain country, a pair of blue eyes and an unacknowledged aching heart is involved.
Right now, the lights were off, except the one straight above Tony's desk. The office was almost dark, but he had seen the portrait uncountable times before to know exactly how it'd seem in complete broad daylight- like that of a visionary, a genius. The painting showed his head turned approximately nine degrees to the left, eyes looking at something in the corner of the office, hair greying at the sides, lines in his forehead artistically made to look as if he were deep in thought. Not because he was stressed about the Pentagon and S.H.I.E.L.D and S.I and everything else, not because he was driven to drink heavily because of his workload which was increasing exponentially as he was approaching his death, all of it ending up in him forgetting his wife's birthday, or forgetting to thank Jarvis every once in a while for playing his part in the household much better than he ever could, or forgetting his only son's Christmas gift for three consecutive years.
"Now see that the others remain quiet too."
Vibranium against Vibranium.
Tony Stark is 46. Steve Rogers is 32 going on 99.
"Hey, Pep."
"Well, I had an amazing morning consisting of a blissfully anonymous breakfast at Burger King's. Now, I'm just roaming the streets of New York, figuring out what to do next on my rest-day."
They hadn't mentioned Ultron even once.
He stopped because he knew what would happen, could make a flow chart about the sequential occurrence of the events that were to follow once the contents of the bottle would meet its usual fate.
It was a Tony and Steve thing.
Oh, so that packet of “cookies” that he'd blindly thrown in his cart was-
Overloading responsibilities had become a habit.
There was quietness.
"Impressive. And now?"
Tony was secretly missing his workshop, given the fact that he hadn't been down there for so long now. He missed DUM-E and he missed his mindless mechanisms. He missed the grease under his nails, palm prints on his pants, the smell of metal pervading his nostrils and the gears whirring in his brain. He couldn't remember how long it'd been since he'd last gone down there. Probably when he made the latest replacement for Rhodey about a month ago. Maybe two.
"Dentist appointment."
"Motherfucker, man. Just shut up about it all right? I'm sick of seeing you moping around like this. Stand up, go out and be a fucking man!" Rhodey was legit fuming now.
The lizards got Tony in the end. After escaping gallons of saliva being spouted at him, sometimes nearly dodging it by a hair's breadth, Tony was finally cornered by three of those monstrosities. He was about to propel into the skies, shooting blasters at them continuously, when suddenly he saw them open their mouths, as he felt cold, absolute dread.
“Don’t stop.” Steve begged, stopping his fumbling to grab Tony’s face and pull him back for more of that addicting kiss. “Oh, god, Tony.” He whimpered and pulled back. He was happy, he was quite possibly high on the happiness, but he didn’t care. Steve’s mind had been in overdrive for the past few days and he was tired of it. He wanted it off and he wanted Tony. And damn it, he was going to have it.
"Amen." Steve snorted with a grin.
“I also,” Tony panted, eyes glazed, “have a breeding kink.”
She nodded, her book placed down on her last pages. “Everyone knows, but no one speaks of it.”
Steve finally pulled away with a soft laugh as he took the aggressiveness for something else, “I really need to get up.”
Above him something flew by…a plane.
“Yeah, like cilantro is Satan’s piss. We get it. You’re a unimaginative and have no taste.” Tony sipped his coffee and then put his cookie in his mouth to pull out his phone to check on some of his final hits, pleased to see most were dead, and start playing Candy Crush.
“Well,” Sam shifted on the seat. He did not sound quite prepared to let the topic go but what could he say? They were still practically strangers and they couldn’t impose themselves on one another. “If you need anything you know where to find me.”
“I get it.” Tony began to kiss over Steve’s face. “You ok with girls?”
He was fine. he was still Tony Stark. He was still Iron Man. Thanos would not take that away from him. He couldn't lose. He refused.
He was exhausted and was a bit worried about hearing why he was special. So far the only time he’d been seen as special was when he became a super-solider and could take a few hits more than a normal human. He didn’t want to complain, he was very grateful for it, but he understood the term always carried something more…material to it than anything else.
“I have to agree with the adult in the room.” Tony picked himself up to his feet and walked around the desk. “I want to ensure that there is no issues with the plan and with what is necessary for the Accords.”
“You are really talented at ruining the mood.” Steve still had to laugh, but his face was so red, up to his ears, that Tony knew that’s what he was offering.
Steve nearly jumped back, thinking it a bomber.
“Just a thought.”
“And a warning…” Sam licked his lips, unsure about repeating it, then decided against it. “Anyway, Hammer was in the middle of the room scrawling the words over and over again. His clothes were a mess and ripped. He had scratch marks over his exposed skin and when the people managed to get his shirt off they noticed he had been branded like a horse.”
“Don’t make me get Tony here to start waxing poetry.”
He was handsome, whoever the man was, almost painfully so. Howard was a nice looking bloke but even he would have some insecurities facing his not-quite-doppelganger.
Swallowing, he turned back to look around the room just incase the wind wasn’t a cause of the window but found no movement around.
Tony noticed this and tilted a brow, looking very amused, “You say them, we win.”
Tony didn’t seem impressed by the show of power. In fact, he almost looked amused. “Ok, that’s fair. But it may be a bit much. Just,” he squeezed the hand again. “Just let me know, ok?”
Tony paused. It had been a few years since Thanos used that technique on him. Honestly, he was surprised how little Thanos chose to use it.
His stomach churned slightly and he could feel the hair on the back of his neck raise. Danger was so close but he still could not quite place it. Like it was shifting through the shadows, out of his sight but there…what was it?
The genius looked thoughtful. “A week at the very most. I have a big project due tomorrow and some side-ones right after but after that I’ll be able to make the arrangements. I’ll aim sooner for you though.” He smiled. “That an acceptable deal?”
“Ok.” And Tony led him outside the bedroom.
This was his. Thanos already saw everything else. This belonged to him. Thanos couldn't have it. He couldn't have Steve.
“Mom did come from a line of thicker folk.” Tony commented.
“Don’t throw your arrogance--”
“This gentleman is, unfortunately, low on the bar. He doesn’t know much but some rumors about his clients--”
Steve worked hard to keep his teeth from snapping against each other. He remembered watching some of the nurses and doctors within camps try and talk to men in shock from the battle, asking very simple tasks and questions. Was he in shock?
Steve sighed, “Tony…really?”
This is heavily inspired by the wonderful You_Light_The_Sky, michi_thekiller, and angelblack3, all of who are part of
Despite it being so long, he found he still could remember where everything was. It was his palace after all. Certainly better than the ship. He would like this to be his main base as he took care of the final few steps and then, he smiled, then it was an early retirement.
“If you had a body I’d kick your nuts.” Tony muttered from the table.
His dark eyes honed in onto the bare skin and the silk cascading over the beautiful body. As promised, there were bruises and bite marks all over and it was divine. So delicious and tempting...
“Yes,” he hissed, his thumb brushing over the shield once again. His eyes took on an unholy light Bruce was used to and a twisted grin crawled over the dangerous man’s face. “Anything and everything we use for when friends come for a visit…I want it worse for when we find those involved in Hydra.”
“How indeed. You’re a smart one, dear heart, how do you think?”
Dr. Yinsen, the man who had pulled shrapnel from Tony’s broken heart, had placed a hand on his shoulder, “Heroes aren’t perfect, Tony. Even your Captain. But, if he was as great as you have told me, I believe if he were alive he’d be searching the world for you.”
“His credentials are perfect, sir. Why not?”
Steve laughed, "You sure you should say things like that when you really want to be a father? What would the girls think?"
‘Yeah, right…what other day. This is almost every day now.’ Steve thought as he slowly stepped out, watching the firm back get further and further away. ‘I got to try something. Just…’ he briefly held his new tattoo, thumb brushing over the ink that still burned, and remembered the gold on his hip and…
‘That’ll come later.’ He warned himself and went so far to glare down at the bulge in his pants. ‘Stop that.’ It was clear from the list of mental and physical injuries his Steve would not be ready for bedroom activities for a while. ‘It doesn’t matter. It’ll come eventually.’ His heart soared and he felt his nose growing wet. ‘Because he’s mine now. Oh god, yes. My Steve.
"We've just had correspondence with our sources back at DC and there seems to be some urgent news. Not twelve hours ago, a terrifying accident took place in a rural town of Sweden. Apparently, a large explosion took place at the Biomedical and Research Division building of a private Swedish pharmaceutical company that broke into a massive fire. Due to heavy snow, the employees were given a two week long leave, eliminating chances of multiple fatalities. The destruction caused to the building required assistance from government authorities and the debris is still being cleared, with no dead bodies having been discovered yet. Speculations put current enemies of state and former Avengers, Captain Steve Rogers and his group of outlawed vigilantes as the reason behind this mishap, who were spotted fleeing Stockholm by the authorities last week." Tony's brain feigned ignorance of that information. "It is still unclear what exactly happened and a thorough investigation will be conducted by the local and international authorities. Meanwhile, we've got live recorded footage from a CCTV camera. Before playing it, we'd like to advise viewer discretion."
Right now, though, just shovelling food down his mouth and watching the news reporter drone on and the absence of his past companions who'd share in this mundane task with him prick with much, much lesser intensity at his heart, Tony was content.
It had ended up in him hooking up with one of the women at the meeting, and they'd taken an impromptu trip to Jamaica, leaving behind a trail of clues sniffed out by the media and the tabloids for the next five weeks to follow.
"Oh Jesus Christ!" Rhodey cursed. "Okay, you're officially losing your mind. Stop flirting with your fucking A.I. We gotta get you get laid."
"-Anti gravity wedding on a spaceship to Mars."
"-No can do. Anything that I wouldn't have to cook beyond shoving it in a microwave, but once on a plate- it looks like a dish straight out of a Michelin chef's kitchen is welcomed." Tony looked at the bewildered expression on the poor seventeen year old's face. He was being too specific- more than most. "Although cooking is a science too, my specialty lies in Physics. Or you could just say that my culinary skills rival those of an amputated duck." He grinned sheepishly.
"The major constituents of your schedule when you aren't at the office or with the Avengers are spending time at the workshop, indulging in liquor, spending time in your room with an escort, or sometimes, escorts, and  listening to 70s rock music by the Australian band Ac/Dc."
"Don't tell me? He, Tony Stark, was in a Costco?"
"Tricky? These aisles are literal highways to hell. I couldn't find a ketchup bottle in this maze to save my life. You're a lifesaver, really. Don't let anyone tell you otherwise."
"Oh, man." Rhodey shook his head, clutching at his stomach. "That's quite the abstinence you've maintained." Bending over in uncontrollable laughter, other hand still gripping his stomach for dear life, he was totally enjoying humiliating Tony. "Man!"
"Goodbye, Mr. Stark."
"I really didn't. I'm just such a klutz sometimes." Peter apologetically shrugged.
Break the habit.
"Will you stop saying that word? Tony, you did nothing. And moreover,-" Rhodey turned to face Tony, "-I'd never friendivorce you. You know that right?"
"We never did leave your side, Tony." Pepper whispered, as she threw the covers on Tony, and placed his jacket carefully.
"Well, you don't seem to be resting much on your rest day. If waking down trafficked streets in the middle of the afternoon is your idea of rest, I'm shuddering at the thought of what you would've done if we'd gotten serious enough to get married."
Quickly putting Tony's arm around his shoulders and grabbing him by the waist, they stumbled to the elevator, Pepper picking up Tony's jacket that had been stranded on the floor somewhere during the night. Taking Tony to his bedroom, they laid him down, as Rhodey asked Friday to lower the room's temperature and Pepper removed his shoes.
"Exactly. Although I'm sure I'm a hundred percent, I never doubted our friendship." Rhodey finally subsided, his features calming down. Tony was staring at his best friend, his eyes wide open and a relieved smile playing on his lips. Of course, this was Rhodey, the bravest and one of the most important people in Tony's life. He'd always have his back. They'd always have each other's back. Their friendship was forged with iron.
"You could've thought of getting the wine glasses while you were setting the plates, you know."
"I've-I've been having problems. Not small, petty inconsistencies, but big fucking problems. I'm constantly shrouded in a feeling like I've got something major snatched right from the center of my heart. Well, I guess it is my heart. That-" Tony sputtered, feeling something bitter rise up in his throat. Willing himself to continue, he closed his eyes and focused on the erratic breaths he was forcing into his lungs. "I think the world of you guys, and now, now I feel I've lost the right to be with both of you. Pep, I think I lost it way back when I'd made you cry for my safety for the first time, while none of it was your fault. And Rhodey, I lost the right to be your best friend that day in the-the wretched hangar."
"Oh, you're good."
Tony sat on the bench in the locker room, taking his head in his hands. He wondered if he'd ever get Pepper to realise that their downward spiral was all his fault, to make Rhodey realise that his condition was all on him, to make Vision realise that he couldn't be with the woman he loved because of him, to make Natasha realise that her going into hiding and them not being in contact even once in the past six months was his doing.
Needless to say, the lines on his forehead grew deeper and deeper every time he restarted his journey of walking the whole four feet, and finally, after fourteen heartbreaking tries, Rhodey gave up. There were tears of frustration threatening to well up in his eyes, and his chest was heaving with the labour of an unimaginably intensive workout, but Tony just sat there, on the bench, staring hopelessly at his best friend.
Day: Friday, 25th of November, 2016.
"Their salivary glands store saliva in extremely huge quantities, resulting in them shooting it through their mouths when required. The pH of saliva is slightly on the acidic side, and it's my opinion that they belong to a xerophytic environment, given the efficient moisture retaining physiology. Dry, scaly skin, nocturnal adaptation, and anatomical features support said opinion. In this planet, the kingdom Reptilia would explain most features. Except their eyes."
"Iron Man, should I be concerned? You are still on the team's comm network."
Wreaking havoc on his burger, Tony didn't care if he looked like a fool- bits of food sticking in his beard, he was too busy being incognito. It wasn't as if anyone was taking pictures of him.
"Hey, Pep. It was fine. Boring. I just went for the sushi anyways."
About five minutes, or was it fifteen? He hadn't heard them call his name multiple times, before Rhodey pointedat the bottle limply hanging beside Tony.
"What makes you think I haven't been getting any?" Tony almost sounded offended. He could've been embarrassed, if not for his body's impressive resistance to blushing. "I'm Tony Stark." A hint of dilemma could clearly be heard.
He lost so much.
And today?
"It's your first one."
A second passed. Two.
"I-" Tony slurred. "-am so fucking sorry."
Living without Jarvis had become a habit.
"I don't suspect you. I care for you. I don't need a ring on my finger to show it is all." Her tone was clipped.
Tony was sprawling on the couch, staring at the television. It was around one a.m, and he had no plans of getting off of his ass anytime soon. He felt weird sitting alone like this, trying to ignore his grating inner voice of reminiscence.
"Hmm." Tony seemed to think about it. All the fighting had taken place above ground, and the trains were still running, uninterrupted by any alien invasion. Tony asked Friday to display the time.
", he'd stashed a cellphone and has willed himself into never looking at it, ever again. It's been a long, long battle and Tony was worn out. To the last fibre, the last thread holding him together.
"Better."
"You said I could ask you anything. Your words, not mine."
As the doors closed shut behind him, Tony quickly scanned the car for an empty seat and found one. Waking over to it, he sat down, aware of several pairs of eyes watching him. Closing his eyes, he was bathed in the sudden fatigue that rained over him, as he threw his head back and rested it against the back of the seat. He had put his helmet back on before getting on the train, not wanting people to click any pictures of him without metal covering the lines of tiredness and worry etched in his forehead.
Pepper.
That in the gym, in a locker named "
"Mighty patriotic of you. So, where should I take you?"
"What's up? Besides our market shares?"
Not that he hadn't received his gifts from dad. It was just that Maria had gifted them to him, saying that they were from his father's side.
Yes, that was the glaring, obvious answer, besides the fact that Tony needed to get his ass out of bed. Willing himself to get up, he tried his best not to stumble, and made his way across the floor to the washroom. There, he carefully opened his eyes, daring to look at himself in the mirror. Time to assess some damage.
"Should you be so snarky?"
That was when the repulsor in his right feet gave up on him, causing him to stagger mid flight. Friday quickly made some assessments and announced that the damage to the repulsor was serious and couldn't be fixed without significant power loss.
“Show me,” he repeated.
Only Tony’s.
“Aww, apologies little one.” He did not sound sorry at all.
Tony spat at the ground, "Sure thing, dad. Sure thing."
“T-This…is how you’re showing you’re mad at me for…for Siberia? For everything?”
Tony just continued to have that eager smile on his face. Had things been a little different it could almost seem childlike; excited with a mischievous cut to it. There was something beautiful to it. But Steve knew better…knew there was something dark to it. Hungry. Pieces were slowly fitting into place in his head, his mind whirring like a machine from Pierce’s old factory, as he remembered his mother’s stories and the tales from his book.
“It’s still your home and, apparently, your Fae rules. It’s rude.” Steve concluded, not letting Tony argue back.
“Oh, ooh,” Steve gaped, his eyes unfocused and glazed.
“You had a drinking competition with Nazis.” Tony noted.
But he promised to give Tony anything.
? I wasn’t aware that tight backside would allow for such a thing.” Brock noted, smirking over his own drink.
“I am looking forward to meeting everyone that is so important to Tony.”
“Love you too, Stark. Can’t I call to say I missed your manly, hairy arms?” He took another bite and flecks flew on his sunglasses. “Though not as hairy as Bruce. We may need to get him waxed.”
“I am going to bite you so fucking hard tonight.” Tony grumped.
“It would have been better. Yes, ah yes,” Thanos nodded in agreement. “I understand so well. “
Steve nodded back in gratitude, reading what Sam was offering. It was rather shocking to hear such help from a stranger. Perhaps it was such a difference between the city and country. The treatment of servants was not always taken into consideration—especially when so few spoke up about ill treatment. Money and housing were too important and easy to lose and a few slaps here and there were easy to ignore when there was some access to food.
“Indeed! These war games of yours are very entertaining. My involvement is impressing father and many of my followers." His chest puffed out. "Because of this I look to be ruling Asgard very soon.”
“Rabbit, this is not the time to threaten Stark.”
“I believe he said he’s not eating them.” Bruce translated.
“I just feel like I don’t know what to do right for him. He’s doing so much, you too, that I just want to give him something. I just don’t know what else to do.”
“Barton. Hands.” Tony yanked Steve away.
“It’s veggies.” She grumped. “I want an ice-pop.”
Brown.
“Natasha…Thor, Nebula…everyone in the compound.” He wheezed. “Where are they?”
‘I can mourn anywhere.’ He had concluded the final time he stood over her simple grave. He had left three flowers upon the flat ground, wishing he could afford more, bowed his head and tried to pray but his mind felt empty of verses.
"I believe it is time to ask what you wish for.”
“Which is saying something.” Bruce lounged back on his chair, looking at his friend and leader in concern. “So it’s either the most advanced system in the galaxy or they’re using an obsolete or brand new coding system.”
“Hmm.” She tilted her head and her smile was like a serpent’s. “Natasha.”
“You seem…” Steve struggled to find an appropriate, non-insulting, and non-impatient, word to describe the man. “Tired?”
"You'll go to the main allies in this and a few who need a little nudge. You'll arrive back Thursday evening when we make everything a televised event.If anyone does anything that may postpone your vacation time you and your team are free to do whatever necessary to get it back on schedule. Deal?"
Thoughts of break-ups whispered in his ear and he did his best to shoo them away. It couldn’t be something like that so he refused to humor the thought.
‘They never learn.’ He thought as he moved around, avoiding their eyes by keeping his own on the ground. ‘He caused so much trouble and now they want to crawl back to him.’
“No harm will come to him, sire.” The creature sounded honored to receive such a mission.
Shaking his head, he felt foolish at how eager he was to find something scary and interesting in his new place.
“Ok.”
“I know that. I’m not against homosexuality. Or,” he looked up at Sam,  “Bisexuality, which you say I probably am.”
“You’re staring, little one.”
“No, I don’t.”
“Even with our systems and brilliant minds no one can predict something like that. However,” Pepper frowned and turned off the tablet with a shake of her head. “They’re all rather confident that Steve Rogers was awake after the crash. Bruised, bloody, broken yes, but conscious. He saw the water coming for him. Add that to the Depression, experiments, and war…. they all want him in therapy the moment he’s coherent and fed. I have to agree with that assessment.”
"About...a few hundred."
Tony pressed his mouth against Steve’s and pushed him onto his back. “Need you again. Now.”
“Iron…uhm, Royalty.”
She held up a finger, “Also, avoid the Human Centipede and the George Clooney Batman. JARVIS, please block these movies and ensure Clint doesn’t ever show Steve anything without permission from actual adults.”
The younger Pierce scowled. “I think we all saw that. Are you looking for father to whip you? He’s on the edge enough as it is and is always looking for reasons to make you bleed.”
“Tony has that look that he is about to, stupidly, make a tackle at Thor. Thor, who is just a big dumb puppy, like you, will be excited and tackle him back. Thought it best you don’t get drawn into that yet. Give you at least another day before you need to use those biceps and thighs to get things done…outside of bed.”
“You’re the push-over.” Steve said with a smirk. “Maria, you have to wait for sweets.”
“Yeah, cause I’m rich.”
Tony heaved a sigh as he caught Steve as he blacked out.
“Not…well,” Steve looked unsure, “Maybe? Not like the operations,” he winced as Tony’s face started to take on a look of horror, “not like that…and no, we don’t have to talk about it. I meant like…I don't know…of course I knew you’d ask me and talk to me about it before you did anything. I didn’t think you’d hurt me. But like, draw blood or get some tissue or something easy like that.”
Steve perked up instantly and quickly swallowed his bite. “Really?”
Tony chuckled. “A bit. You’ll find I like giving people nicknames. Everyone on my team has one. You are a very special though.”
“I…well,” Tony rubbed his face and tried to keep his panic trembling under control, “shit. That pretty, kind face of yours really hides how scary bright you are.”
Steve refused to look at him; he avoided eye contact as best as he could, feeling queasy and light-headed. "Dates."
“Well, you can keep sleeping if you want. I need to get up.”
“Because she is terrifying.” Tony agreed.
‘By my room.’ Steve tried not to let a chill run through his body. “He didn’t think it was just a glare or something similar?”
“About forty minutes ago when you used the restroom. But then you returned and went back to your same position. You did not lounge properly.”
“I…was yours from the start.” Steve said softly, “I just…wasn’t able to tell you.”
“Stark, I just want to be honest with this. He needs to get outside. This man hasn’t been stuck indoors for so long in years. He’s growing restless and thinking too much on things he can’t change. I’m not saying I have to go with him. But he needs fresh air.”
Steve was real tired of everything feeling right and wrong in his new life.
“You’ve had the stones?” Thor whispered, looking at them with awe and horror.
“They need to know.” The genius grumbled.
“With all the caffeine you can squeeze into it.” Tony rubbed his face and yawned.
“Right, right. You got soaps to catch up on.” He swirled his hand around like a conductor. “Bring them in.”
And again and again, as he promised.
Tony liked him.
Her viper-like-grin grew, “I think a rib is busted too. Tony, he is brilliant. After beating the crap out of him three rounds he started reading my movements. He started mimicking them. He’s a fighting genius.”
“T-Tony…”
Steve covered his face and groaned. His cheeks felt sunburnt.
Steve flushed, his cheeks puffing slightly as he swallowed down a snap back. "I...I'm sorry."
“Give it a few more tries and you’ll hit me without that.” She panted, looking at him up and down. “You’re getting me figured out.”
“It is indeed a fine one!” Thor proclaimed, impressed. “I do hope you share it with me one day.”
“Just need to remain calm and not worry about it. It’s nothing. It’s nothing. It’s…” he trailed off when he came into the main hall to there was a woman he had never seen before lounging against the elevator’s doors. She was beautiful and lithe, like a dancer, and had red hair and blue eyes that looked sharp and dark. She stared him down without any greeting and it grew uncomfortable and silent for a brief moment.
“Please,” Steve begged.
“I got a message from my little sis yesterday…well a screaming fit.” He sulked. “Apparently doctor confidentiality no longer exists because someone who turns green decided it’d be a great idea to tell her my cholesterol level. Now, if I want to see the rugrats and get cake I have to eat nothing but salad for two weeks.”
“Sounds more than good. I know it’ll help him out.”
“T-Tony…”
With the sun setting, the home loomed. It was three stories tall, with black windows, and three columns on each side of the door, holding up a once extravagant balcony on the second story. It was white, probably once the color of milk, though many areas were peeled back to show rotted wood. In the center face of the home, overlooking the plains and town before it, was a large circular window. The design within it was that of an upside down triangle, quite an unusual formation…and made it look like the pupil of a dragon’s eye.
would be there too.” Tony was smacked upside the head.  “Ow!”
It was a little awkward at first. Steve and anyone he saw knew he was someone different. It felt like eyes were on him. Within New York, he just simply disappeared. Here, now, he had too much attention and he found he disliked the feeling. However, he grew accustomed to it soon enough and he had a list of purchases ready for him to gather at the end of the day.
“Well, enough about beds and mysteries.” He muttered to himself. “What am I going to do for the next few hours?” His fingers drummed against his thigh and he took a brief look around his present location. It would be difficult to get lost, something that could be an adventure back home, but he could make do. “Ah, Sam mentioned a library.”
“So, no breaking up,” Steve felt himself melt in so much relief from that, “And no one is sick…then what is it?”
“What name?”
“Y-Yes.” Steve whimpered, his knees shaking a little.
“Then come after me. I’m right here, wanting you too. Just be with me. Just try it out. In all the stories about you, you'd dive into things without always thinking. Can’t you do the same with this?”
“Start a new program to assist with this issue to find trigger words and forget about it until Ms. Romanov can provide you with further information. You already have Mr. Rogers to tend to along with all the other necessities that comes with this power implantation.”
That had to stop.
Doing his best not to scream, the other end of the wire punctured the back of his head, right where the neck and skull meet, and something grappled on tight under the skin. He could feel something pulsing and moving.
Good. Steve needed to be kept as far away from all of this.
“You are correct that training you as I did my daughters would not be right. This age is ideal given your experience.”
“You’re allowed to have someone hold you up. Just because you’re older than me doesn’t mean you have to shoulder everything.”
She laughed. “Careful with your words. He’s a powerful idiot. He could make things bad for you if he chooses.”
“Legs open and promising me to be the best spouse or slave or whatnot.” He waved off the vocabulary. “It has worked in my favor…this sort of…dominance I have over the desires of humans. I rarely actually seek it out, as it happens upon me without searching, it just seems to be something your kind expects.”
“You never had her loyalty to begin with.” Tony sneered. “You had her fear and her loneliness. Nothing else.” God, he hoped that poor woman was safe. After Thanos just appeared on their brokendown ship and whisked him away, he had no knowledge on what happened to her or where she was. Left alone on a deathrap that was running out of oxygen with no one to call her a winner or teach her how to play rock-paper-scissors.
"Yes, boss. I'm seventy eight percent friendship material." Friday's quickly answered.
It was only ten minutes ago when he was about to embark on his “self-care” routine for the millionth time- the bottle was ready, the glass was waiting, the ice cubes anticipating.
Coming to him, Tony was a straight-from-the-coffee-pot kinda guy. No mugs for this one, no sir. Everyone knew better than to have their coffee after Tony entered the kitchen, barely opened eyes zeroing in on the coffee pot waiting on the counter. Chances were, besides a few dregs of coffee mixed with saliva at the rim, luck didn't have much in store for someone in line for coffee after Tony Stark. His haphazard lifestyle rarely dictated time for such trivial civility, and he made up for that with extravagance in other things- both external and internal.
Time: 2:07 a.m
"Thanks, boss. I'll note that down."
She was right.
"-No, No-"
"-great. Absolutely, great. You've been a terrific help."
'Thanks for showing up. Very few people do that."
Alright then. Tony got down to getting ready, all the while conversing with his omnipresent roommate and AI.
"Also, the pie chart has brought forth an interesting development. Four degrees and eighteen minutes out of the three-sixty are dedicated to eating cheeseburgers at a local Burger King joint. Should I state the address?"
"Yes, Mr. Rhodes." The throat clear Friday did, made Tony want to bang his head against the walls. What in the name of Schrödinger was going on? "Boss's liaisons hadn't been taking place at par with his past rates. The average per month was dangerously falling and I'm concerned because intercourse is considered essential for the human health."
"You're not flying back?"
Tony's face had shock written all over it. There. This was the moment he'd been waiting for. Rhodey was finally going to blame Tony. He was finally going to put the blame right where it belonged. Tony lowered his eyes. He deserved it.
"Yes, but are you alright? Is everything okay?"
"I have to be. It's the only time you're not."
Time: 12:30 p.m
And then, the inevitable happened.
God, had he missed the city. How many McDonald's had he passed till now? Even his, Tony Stark's brain couldn't remember. Just as he was about to sign a petition to officially instate burgers as America's national food, his phone rang.
"It's two."
"No, thankfully I remember that by heart. Interesting development, indeed. You know what, Friday, wouldn't it be amazing if I could analyze my emotions in the form of a pie chart? Note that down."
"Err. Yeah, no problem." Peter looked at his feet with uncertainty, and shifted his weight from one foot to another. He removed his mask, as his face came into view. "About that mail I sent-"
Steve blinked, tilting his head, “Sam said I’m probably bisexual. Do I need to raise my hand?”
“Behave.” He snarled. “Steve,
“Not my fault if you jumped to conclusions on your own.” He winced when he was pressed harder against the desk.
“An…” Tony’s eyes narrowed at the image, “Avengers one? Really?”
“It’ll take you some time to finish. Are we supposed to mingle with the townsfolk for days?”
“I stopped by the library,” Steve informed, keeping his back straight in military stance. Peirce preferred his charges, now his only one, to remain in under his thumb like a solider to a general. “I studied over the design of the house so I could ensure anything I do will be safe.”
“Ha,” Tony yawned again. “It feels like a sin to know you’re up by six every day.” He groaned as if he were suffering through a horrendous stomach cramp.  “How do you do it?”
Steve looked up from his spaghetti, his face full and a mess, and nodded eagerly. Like usual, Tony felt everything within him melt at the sight of the face. There was so much hardness and sadness, too much for someone so young and good, and Tony wanted to press his hand against the tender face and smooth all of that pain off.
“Mine. Mine. Mine.” He couldn’t stop saying it. It was absolute perfection. He needed to roar, showcase his alpha-maleness, to the world that he owned this man.
“You’ll start with the Avengers one. I’d like to say on my chest, but we’ll do wrist to match my baby.” He grabbed Steve’s wrist to show what he meant. “You’ll also do a blue star on me, like he has the arc…still deciding where to put that. I may not match because while Steve is shy, I am not. I am more than happy to show he’s mine and I’m his.”
"Mom's birthday and death date."
Tony did not look pleased but held back in steading him. His hand still refused to release Steve's. And Steve was just…there was just too much in his head to argue about that for now.
“Tony…”
“Hmm, anything…?” He lapped at Steve’s jaw. “You sure you want to promise me that?” To be cruel, his finger traced the hole and dipped in and Steve was a mess.
“Mhm.” She nodded.
“Spice…” Steve blinked as his head tried to wrap around the phrase. It took him a moment for it to click. “Spice up…oh…wait, oh, you mean explore more aspects and ways of us sleeping together?”
“My lord,” one of the aliens from before came in, bowing lowly. “We brought food for your bride.”
Tony was talking to him.
"Yeah, yeah. Keep your panties on, old man." Tony sneered, twirling his blades before sheathing them into their place at his thighs and hips. He wasn't allowed to keep the guns in his room--apparently he could construct something to escape with them or something like that.
He grinned evilly at the blonde, “I fuck you senseless.”
“I can give you anything with this.” He pressed the tip of his fingers against Steve’s lower stomach. “You can carry my children. Just a small flick and you will have a womb because I willed it to be.”
“Tony.” Natasha hissed.
“O-Oh.” Steve squeaked.
“Stupid.” He clenched his hand to him hard, finding it trembling. “I am so stupid.”
He was in the room with something incredibly dangerous; something not of this world. Something very, very wrong.
“Hmm?”
Steve looked around some more and despite the limited vision he found there was simply too much to see. The proof was all around him and it made him see spots.
"Hip bone." Josh warned again as he picked up the machine and pressed the tip against the skin and bone.
"I presumed you were a great enough inventor to make me smarter than him, Boss."
"Well, I'm so sorry. Got lost there for a second." Tony picked up the cruet filled with salt and passed it over. "Here you go."
Vision couldn't drink coffee. Poor bastard, didn't even know what he was missing out on. Although technically, he did know that Vision was perfectly aware of how every food was supposed to taste like, could explain the biology behind the sensation of taste and the chemistry behind why a certain edible tasted so. Gastronomy, it was all analytically stored in his brain, just like every other speck of information. Sushi. Spaghetti. Butter chicken. Crêpes. Shawarma.
She gave another adorable blush, the flattering kind. If Tony had been seventeen, he'd totally be into her. But unfortunately, life was a bitch and his own was the queen of all bitches. He was old, he didn't know how to cook, and he was having problems with his libido that he hadn't discussed with anyone yet. Tony's defense reflexes kicked in like a shot of morphine up an addict's veins.
"Huh?" Tony suddenly broke free from his reverie. This wasn't the time to go back digging in the past, nothing good would ever come of it.
"The worst part is, and I realised it not more than twenty four hours ago- even alcohol has stopped working. That's why I was sober today." Tony's brain was starting to get woozy. A telltale sign that sleep was going to take over, that passing out was inevitable. He needed to be quick. "I'm fully aware of how inconsequential my sorry is, but I don't have the strength anymore. And it sucks. It sucks because I lost my family, I lost the Avengers. Pepper, you were so right about me. They do matter to me. Not more than you, never. But they matter more to me than I do to myself. You all do. And maybe that's why, I'm still haunted.... And that- that fucking Rogers."
"Can you believe it? It could've been Wal-Mart, I don't know." Pepper laughed. "Happy told me that he noticed a packet of dog treats among the shopping." Her laugh was so smooth and relaxed and of course she'd been talking to Happy- they were practically engaged now. Tony was just waiting for the hammer to fall, when she'd walk in with a rock on her finger, the ring cheaper than the one Tony could afford and the smile on her face brighter than Tony could cause. That was what they'd had whenever they were together- expensive things and dull smiles. An undeservingly jealous pain shot through him, as he turned around, leaned against the couch, and restarted his quest to reach the bottom of the bottle. His friends were turning blurry by the second and his ears had started ringing. He, Tony Stark, was such a fucking loser- couldn’t even last without alcohol for 24 hours. It probably was better off this way- bottle in hand, not able to perceive the world around him, impenetrable to the pain.
"-I'm pretty sure this is illegal."
"No, can do, Mr. Stark. I would prefer sharing." Pepper laughed. She was sitting on the lounge, looking tired and regal at the same time. Her heels were scattered on the floor, her hair was loose and her eyes were weary. She was discreetly studying Tony, or what she thought was discreet anyway.
He quickly squeezed his eyes shut.
Steve gave him a wobbly smile, “Thanks. I do appreciate that.”
“Still open to hiding out in the bedroom.”
“You ok with that?”
“Yes, my son, you could bring them all back if you wish. Though, I know you won’t. Not when I am done with you and you are ready to take my place.”
Again, ocean and cold and Peggy’s crying crashed into his skull and he hunched over. He tried to take deep breaths and get his head from spinning so much. It would not stop. It spun and spun and bled blue and all of a sudden he could taste salted-water and foam. It filled his lungs and his head and he could not breathe.
“Apologies, we…” The one not holding the food was met with a dagger between the eyes. He collapsed to the ground, not even twitching.
“…touché.”
“Tony,” Steve continued to beg. “That’s enough.”
Tony opened and closed his mouth a few times, “What…?”
“From the war?”
“I wasn’t exaggerating before, in the lab. You would…It would take a lot more with how little information we have on the serum.”
“We’re used to it.” Natasha comforted. “My turn. Let me try to carry him.”
The doctor was nice enough and apparently highly regarded in his field but Steve just couldn’t feel comfortable wit him. He was too aware he was being studied and he found he could not let his guard down. He acted like a soldier, not a human, in the room, as the doctor so eloquently pointed out, and refused to drop proper manners or allow the conversation to go into his battles or Bucky. Apparently, this was not healthy but Steve didn't care. Those moments belonged to him and he wasn't ready to face them.
There were still many pieces to this that were confusing and still in the shadows. It had not been hard to figure out Tony created dangerous things, many people have and do, but other details were out of his comprehension and he still was unsure if he cared enough to know or worry about. Hell, outside of creative shows and movies, Steve had no idea what normal was outside the Tower’s walls. So what could he really compare this craziness to?
Tony.
“He deserved it.” Steve kissed Tony, trying to get his heart rate down. Goddamn, that had been a ride. “So…adoption, huh?”
“Stark…”
“He didn’t see anything at first. But he did not like it.” Her smile fell. “He is a trickster but he does
“Oh, well,” Steve tried not to wince but failed. “There was a fire and we think those copies were in where it happened. Luckily, the deed to the home was elsewhere.”
“No,” she pointed. “I can see that glint. You’re a trouble-child aren’t you?”
“Throwing some surprises in is not bad.” Steve huffed.
He didn’t regret what happened, not in a long shot. That experience…hell, he never knew he could reach such peaks of pleasure. And Tony, the man was heaven sent. The things he did to Steve would happily haunt him for ages to come.
Steve could feel his face heat up. That was…well, that was a tone.
Steve squeaked out a small, “oh.”
“Wrong.” Wanda paused and dipped her chair back to see if anyone was coming through the door that led into the main building. She saw no one and motioned him closer. “Supposedly, the original family was never quite right…but their son was different. When he became,” she bit her lip and shook her head, “the stories said once he changed, so did everything else.”
“But you are.” Tony had that feline grin on his face.
“No way.” Tony breathed out. His nerves were jingling and he felt a big grin coming over his face like he was a child on Christmas morning. To think there was something about Steve he did not know. To think he was probably one of the
He shook his head. He couldn't start like that.
“I…uh…” he looked over to see Tony still leaving, heading back to one of his workshops.
He wouldn’t keep that expression on Steve’s face.
“Yep. I don’t want anyone sleeping with Natasha.” Steve said with his own smirk. “She can’t be distracted if we’re going to become sparring buddies. Bruce being the exception of course.”
“No, no! Sorry I just- shit,” Steve can’t help but smile, “This is earlier than I usually wake up.”
Nowadays, Steve doesn’t get that too often. His charming smile cracks, and the edges turn into something a little more real.
Sharon had been part of his campaign, a young volunteer and recent poli-sci grad from a fancy-schmancy private university that Steve could barely pronounce. She’d been one of the first to throw her support behind his candidacy, way back in the earliest stages of his campaign, and Steve’s been looking forward to working with her more in this new stage.
“Oh my god, you like him. Like,
Steve’s waiting for the other proverbial shoe to drop.
“Anna, dear, what color are we doing today?” He asks her as she leads on with two hands full of tiny glass bottles of colored polish.
Tony takes three long strides toward Steve and wraps his arms immediately around his husband's neck. Like an instinct, Steve’s hands anchor themselves at Tony’s waist.
Tony doesn’t respond, just watches Steve as he tugs on the extension cord one last time and switches the knob from OFF to ON. It whirs to life, and Steve smiles devilishly.
Tony hums noncommittally to himself, reaches beneath his chair and bats around blindly for his water bottle. He squints into the sun, feels a bead of sweat bleed from his hairline around to the base of his neck. He takes a long, cool suck of water.
Nat and Sam and Bucky and Steve fly across the country. Steve shakes hands, crowds chant his name. He rotates viciously through three near-identical blue striped ties, just as he’s done throughout the whole campaign. Voting day feels like it’s rounding the corner on its third lap around the track, coming up on them from behind. During the short time allotted for breakfast every day, the three close advisors quiz Steve on topics for the upcoming debates instead of letting the candidate read his newspaper. They drive Steve to campaign events and photo ops and homeless shelters where he smiles and shakes hands and has meaningful conversations off-camera.
It isn’t until they reach the dining hall that Tony finally pipes up, a grin on his face, “Seriously, though,” He says, his voice serious and low, “Thanks.”
“Did you just- fight off a monster while I was on hold?”
There’s a disconcertingly strong scent of tiquewood potpourri embedded beneath the vague scent of food. The apathetic host wears an equally subdued grey tie, contrasted only by the small, pride flag pin stuck to his breast pocket. His name tag reads ‘DYLAN :)’. He doesn’t seem all that impressed to see Steve.
Stark’s glass tips, “You don’t know?”
then.”
“Huh, yeah. Funny coincidence.”
Steve smiles, looking almost shy like he could bend in on himself if he really tried, “It really is my pleasure, Mr Stark. It’s an honor to work with somebody doing good work like you.”
When he returns back to the main room, it doesn’t take long before the large group is chanting his name again. He takes his first sip of champagne. Steve tells himself that he’s imagining the way Nat’s eyes follow him, narrowed, as he walks around the room, chatting with his more humble supporters.
Steve has his straw wrapper curled up into a tiny little ball that he rolls continuously between his thumb and his forefinger. He avoids Tony’s eyes at all cost, “She wasn’t feeling too great, asked me to go without her. I hope you don't mind.”
He’s so tense sitting there that Nat imagines she could crack a quarter in half by bouncing it off one of Steve’s broad shoulders. Bucky and Sam look frantically from Nat to Steve, one after the other and back again.
Tony’s half-distracted fighting the Loch Ness monster on steroids, but he manages to patch together the forgotten touch-memory of a sweating water bottle and a hot, striped towel laid out beneath his thighs, “Steve Rogers?”
She nods at the phone, “Somebody made a good impression last night.”
Steve slowly rises and turns, a wild animal caught by human light rising to the occasion like an organic corkscrew.
He pulls the lid off his coffee as he sits down, cups his hands around it, and crosses his legs neatly under the table. Steve had nervously downed his coffee in the extra near-hour that he had, but he instinctively tries to reflect Tony’s easy position despite that. With Steve, it just comes off as tense.
On autopilot, Steve shakes his hand. Like a well-trained monkey at the circus. Programmed to shake hands and say nice things about himself.
“I’m afraid they’re insisting, sir.”
/// THREE MONTHS LATER ///
“Wha-
She trails her way to the elevators after him.
Nat curses out loud,
She answers him succinctly: “Two Thursdays from now.”
Tony blinks awake and hardly takes a moment to think, reaching out to mindlessly touch at Steve’s jawline, “
Bucky and Sam bicker the whole way out of the hotel lobby, throwing out the remains of Sam’s apple as they pass a trash can and refilling Bucky’s styrofoam cup as they pass the coffee station. Nat stays completely still, one leg crossed over the other, tablet perched primly in her lap, and the two of them watch in silence as the shiny elevator doors close on the bickering mostly-professionals.
Right there on the street. In front of the whole goddamn world. Not just a couple of starving artist millennials trying to drown themselves in coffee. In front of the birds and the bees and the wandering eyes of New York busy bodies. They’re in upper Manhattan, midday, absolutely
Steve slowly looks up at her, eyes narrowed, “Yeah,” He says, shimmying his newspaper out from under her phone. She’s inching into emotional territory that Steve currently doesn’t want to touch with a ten foot pole, “I’ll tell him that.”
When the check comes, they both reach for it.
Tony cups his hand around the screen of his phone as he glimpses at the caller ID in the sunlight. It’s a New York number, but no contact info. Having spent the last six months very publicly in Malibu, he knows it’s not somebody looking for a quick brunch, but the lack of a caller ID indicates it’s not somebody from SI. Tony returns the phone to his ear, letting his eyes close against the sunlight.
Steve can feel them watching him as he downs the juice in two neat gulps.
“Tick tock,” Maria chimes, note pad folded neatly in her lap as she summarizes the available deals for Steve who stands there with two incredible deals waiting to be picked from, sweating nervously. He kinda feels like throwing up.
They fall into silence, a close lipped smile still touching the corners of Steve’s lips, as they enter the main exhibit. Heroes’ costumes from all times are displayed under dazzling lights, draped proudly on mannequins. They’re silent the whole way through.
“Thanks, Tony,” Steve says, and Iron Man trips on an abscess in the sand, the heavy boots overly-correcting the incidental falter.
All Nat says in reply is stare openmouthed at the set of closed, blinking elevator doors, and curses, “
By the time the hair, nails, and makeup of Tony’s gala look are primed and finished off, Steve reenters, dressed handsomely in an amazing blue crushed velvet suit that only a fashion legend like him could make seem so effortless. Tony’s forced to stay in the black leather seat with his legs crossed as Steve appraises the beauticians’ work with a small smile.
“So,” Tony says, reaching smoothly for a breadstick of his own and tearing it in half, “Is he still looking?”
They’re silent then, tucked together. Steve’s ass presses against what is arguably the most important desk in North America. They watch a small crew of gardeners trim a sparse grouping of neat topiaires in the impending dusk light, and if Steve really listens he can hear the Secret Service agents stationed just outside the office whispering Steve and Tony’s freshly appointed code names into their walkies. If he shuts it all off, focuses on the gentle way Tony exists around him in that moment, Steve almost feels normal.
Except when she mentions Tony. Which, yeah, he still laughs it off, sure. But Nat knows Steve well enough, and Bucky knows Steve even better. It’s not his Nat-socks-Bucky-in-the-eye-with-a-bag-of-peanuts laugh that they’re so well acquainted with. It’s the laugh that they trained into him, scientifically perfected the pitch-to-smile-widening ratio for maximum donor affect.
Steve’s the first to hang up. Tony isn’t used to that.
Tony frames the article in his office. Later, Steve does the same in his- in the Oval Office, that is.
Tony laughs, light and real and soft, and he rocks gently back and forth with Steve’s arms wrapped around him, “Oh, come on, Baby. You know I’d cause you more trouble than good if I did that.”
The rest of the lunch goes unnecessarily well. Tony goads Steve into trying something a little out of his comfort zone, and Tony himself orders a decadent plate of avocado toast. Tony makes Steve almost feel at home among the sharp angles and cramped corners. Tony has a way of making even shiny, white vinyl surroundings seem like the buffet table at a small town rally.
He’s been friends with Steve a long, long time. He’s probably known the guy longer than any other living human. He’s never seen Steve act like that. Nat, to her credit, is just as shocked as Bucky.
Now, hours later, Steve remembers the conversation in vivid detail, “Fuck- wait. Shit. Sorry. I-“
“I mean- the run thing. I, uh, I do that. And my best friend, Bucky, he uh, always tells me I get up five minutes after he finally falls asleep. So...”
Steve can’t help but laugh, shoulders shaking against the bathroom mirror, “See you around, Stark.”
“Oops.”
“How’s my second favorite redhead doing?” Tony asks, somehow managing to throw an arm around Nat’s shoulders. Steve gapes. Nat’s grin grows.
“You don’t know who I am?”
“He, uh-“ Steve stands up abruptly, chair scraping against the floor. Nat is able to physically see him searching for his escape around the cramped lobby. He turns in the direction of the elevator, “We just talked. About the campaign. It was- it was nothing.”
“Oh my god,” she wheezes- while the others occasionally will laugh at an outlandish valuation, Nat has always stayed straight faced, never once laughing on camera. Now, it’s like looking into the laughing eyes of a fire-breathing dragon, “Oh my god, Tony you’re gonna have a field day with this one.”
“You’re the first of your party to arrive. Please follow me.”
She hadn’t known when she started the well-meaning sentence, but by the end of it, Nat knows it’s the wrong thing to say.
Nat reads off a list of names he’s heard before, a couple he hasn’t. She has their large-bill donations memorized in a spreadsheet in her head. She’s like some kind of super computer, strategic and brilliant, and Steve’s never stopped being grateful to have her on his team. She does, however, look much better in a dress than a computer, that’s for sure.
Tony’s speechless.
Steve doesn’t miss the way that Tony’s eyes dart to Steve’s arms when she says the word sex. Steve thinks of the faceless Pepper, of the way that Tony had nonchalantly complimented his ass. He feels his cheeks get hot.
JARVIS gets Tony to where he needs to be in the early morning- a swanky uptown hotel at which Steve and his employees have secured an over-the-top suite for Tony to get ready in. Steve’s already waiting for him when Tony gets there.
“Thank you. Very much. That’s why I called actually to- thank you. Personally. For your contribution. It was very generous.”
Steve grins, “Any time, Stark.”
“Hey, JARVIS?” Tony says distractedly, busy side-eyeing the swarm of journalists with their pointy heels sinking into the sand tripping over themselves to get to the Iron Man, “Uh, let’s go to the mansion before this gets messy, yeah? We have a flight to prepare for.”
Sometime between the appearance at the pancake breakfast at 9am and the speech to the New York Women’s Association at 12:30, Nat disappears. Which is entirely unusual. Natasha Romanoff does not merely
“I, uh- look. This campaign,” He waves meaningfully at the tiny American flag pinned to his lapel and then to the bustling world of people moving around them, “It kinda takes precedence over everything else right now. And you’re a really important person, not just because you have money, but because your name means something in this world. Your influence is amazing. The things you can do with just a word-“ Steve pauses. He’s rambling, he knows. He’s breathless, “Your support means a lot to me. I don’t want to mess that up by- by being me.”
And then there’s soft spoken Steve Rogers, impassioned entrepreneur with a heart of gold and a tangible passion for what he does. He also just so happens to be Tony Stark’s exact type, but if you ask one Bruce Banner he will deny any implications about that until the day he’s thrown off the set of the show for working too much.
“Oh,” Tony finally manages absently, a million miles away, “Okay.”
“How about we stick with commercial brands for now, babe?”
The flair of Tony’s look, however, lies in the accessories. Red and gold and often emitting a faint cerulean glow, the litany jewelry covering Tony’s body head to toe gives the intense illusion of levitating about his body, a surreal technological aura that encapsulates the history and power of the Iron Man.
“We gotta talk about this, Steve.”
Tony taps his foot impatiently, “What’s with your sudden obsession with home maintenance?”
“Oh, shut up,” Tony frowns, glares at his CEO, “Get that smile off your face. Jerk.”
It’s not until three days later, the yard perfectly manicured and the back deck power washed down to its freshest color, that Steve’s domesticity streak comes to a head.
“Okay, I gotta ask,” Sounds like he stepped right out of Prospect Park, “What’re you doing here if you don’t know who I am?”
“What’s up, Tony?” Steve asks, picking up on the second ring.
When Nat is briefing the leading campaign advisors about the itinerary for the upcoming week, she reminds Steve about his lunch with Tony Stark, and Nat and Bucky both watch the way Steve momentarily tenses then overcompensates in trying to appear normal. It gives more insight into Steve’s mood than anything else has in the past week.
There’s more shuffling on Tony’s side. It sounds like he trips over something, a muffled curse.
Tony feigns a pout, as he’s done his whole life. It’s the kind of thing that Steve sees right through. He kisses that right off, too.
Tony wiggles around in Steve’s arms so they’re finally facing one another, noses practically touching, each breath mingling with another, “I’m not going anywhere, Mr. President.”
And then- reality returns.
Steve snorts in laughter.
“Yeah,” Steve agrees, head fuzzy.
They’re in Oregon for three days, and by the end of it the so-called Oregon-ans have all but fallen in love with Steve Rogers.
Steve stands up quickly, the chair pushing back noisily against the linoleum floor tiles. He tries, and fails, to sound breezy when he says Tony’s name, “Tony, how are you?”
Nat looks down at her pajamas, up at Steve, back down to her clothes, and back up at him, “About that,” She says, slowly and intentionally, “I’m feeling a bit under the weather. I think you’ll just have to go alone.”
Shark Tank cuts to a commercial break.
“What the hell was that, Natty?” Bucky demands.
Steve rubs at his neck, “Okay, Nat.”
“I love you,” Steve breathes heavily into Tony’s ear, breath sad and furious and over the moon, “I love you so fucking much.”
Steve shrugs, “I know, Tony. I’m sure your version would be amazing, but I just wanted to try this one, okay?”
The next day, the two of them are pasted onto the front page of almost every tabloid in America. In a few, there’s an inner spread about the supposed timeline of their clandestine relationship, the blurry picture of their date pasted next to an immaculate photo of them preening for the cameras at the Met.
He chances a glance at her, and a grin sprouts involuntarily, “Oh, shut up.”
“I don’t know,” Tony says, seemingly offhand, “I’ve found that it’s usually pretty relevant.”
“I’m sure she’ll understand.”
Until you’ve walked a red carpet, there’s no way to describe the cacophony of noise you’re met with.
Tony snorts, “Gotta love those wily redheads,” He says, a sarcastic light in his eye that reminds Steve of cheap pocketfuls of canapés and nice, little, beige corners.
Steve isn’t thinking. He takes one looks at the soft, inviting nature of Tony’s pout, and he directly shuts the door in his face. Tony isn’t able to stop the door this time.
like him. Wow. Never thought I’d see the day.”
“Very well,” JARVIS says, “And I will take the initiative to notify Mr Rogers that you’re on your way.”
Steve’s opening the door for Tony as they find their way back to their previous table when Tony groans audibly. Steve cocks an eyebrow in his direction, curious and ever amused.
He tells her his idea.
She continues to laugh, muttering just under her breath so only the sharks can hear her, “Oh my god he’s like the painted picture of your type, oh my god.”
That being said, Tony has no idea why the hell this guy is calling him.
“Home Depot. Great place. You ever been there? They have anything you could ever want. And everybody that works there was so nice and helpful! Ron over there set me up with this rental.”
He’s trying to hurry them along, inch toward the large double doors leading into the museum. He heard that somewhere beyond the exhibit there was food, delicious food. He rushes the last interview.
“Holy shi-smokes. That’s- wow. I should thank him. Do you think you could-“
Tony grins and stands up, and Steve knows he made the right choice. When Tony moves in to hug him, Steve is able to see the way Nat sits back in her high-backed leather seat looking entirely.... pleased?
Now Steve blinks.
“And uh, what time is that?”
“So what’s up?”
“Let’s get to it, and you can find out.”
“No, sorry, I just- you’re picking me for the Met Gala?”
They’d ended it all with spitting curses and stomped feet. Steve had stormed out of Tony’s townhouse, slamming the door behind him, and Tony had thrown a book at the spot where Steve’s head had been moments earlier. After that, they’d called it off, figuring there was no going back to how they were before that fight.
Steve’s knee bumps up fast and nervous when Tony enters the shop. For a moment, he swears he isn’t breathing.
Child celebrity and all that. Red carpets and obtrusive, flashing cameras aren’t really anything new for Tony Stark.
They go back to the coffee shop together, hand in hand, neither out of breath, neither furiously fleeing the scene. Just, together.
The chanting gets louder.
He can feel Nat’s sober gaze following him as he sneaks out of the main room and into a more private space. There’s significantly less people in the barren hotel hallway. He presses ACCEPT CALL as fast as he can.
Steve’s about to shut that train of thought down completely with a bunch of blinking red lights and a long, checkered gate, patently insist that Nat would never manipulate Steve like that, not at a time as important to the campaign as this. But then he remembers that Nat would
“Pepper was feeling under the weather today too. She sent me on without her.”
Steve nods without question, squeezes Tony’s hand, “I am.”
“Oh, does he now?” Sam goades, intentionally fluttering his eyelashes, all faux innocence.
By the time he’s done, Natasha has stopped her cackling and Steve has all five sharks listening raptly to his pitch.
“I’m not sure that’s such a good idea, Tony.”
Tony asked Nat once, when she first told him on a transatlantic cell call about her new job, how much the new gig paid. At the time she lied, not wanting to throw half a dozen, quality logs-worth of kindling onto the hot press-worthy fire that was this new career change. She rounded the number up a few tens of thousands of dollars, and though he whistled appreciatively at the number, the exploit largely worked and the billionaire dropped it thereafter. It’s not until budging on six months later that she confesses to her fib.
“Sir,” He says, approaching Tony. He can’t help but notice that the guy looks so effortless in his suit. Steve feels like a monkey in a wedding dress, but this guy? This guy could’ve been born in a perfectly tailored tuxedo, cufflinks tightened around his tiny, baby wrists, and Steve wouldn’t question it, “Thank you so much for coming out tonight to support me. I really appreciate it.”
“What’re you doing?” Tony demands, letting the screen door slam shut. He stops at the small slice of yard at the side of the house, hip popped and arms crossed as Steve is bent over pouring beige paint into a pan, “I thought we were gonna pay somebody to do this.”
“Here’s your table, Mr Stark,” Dylan says, looking giddy and nervous, “Have a great meal.”
Steve looks down and sure enough- “Holy shit. That’s-“
Nat rolls her eyes, “I do not have a crush. Not everything is about sex, Stark.”
“But I-“ He takes a deep breath. In that moment, Steve couldn’t have recited his stump speech even if he had the words printed on a huge, glowing teleprompter six feet away from him, “I have these feelings and it’s great, but then I think about what you would say. Or Bucky or Sam. How if I act on anything that I feel, it’s jeopardizing the campaign. And so many people have thrown themselves into this for me, Nat. So many people have devoted the past 18 months of their life to me. I can’t let them down just because I have a crush. And- and I always think what you would say. How he’s a donor. How- I can’t. And Nat, I can’t. I can’t have feelings like this, not now. We’re so close.”
“No problem, Rogers. See you in May.”
“Uh, no? Sorry. Or, Well- Yeah. Pepper gets mad when I do that. Sorry. It’s not a disrespectful thing. Promise. It’s just so easy to get patched into-“
She opens the door farther and Tony struts on in.
Tomorrow, Nat will be the chief of staff to the president of the United States, and Tony will have an all-access pass to the White House if he wants. The new improvements to their reputations are the last things on their minds: the small backstage recess is filled with an air of nothing but pride and love.
“Don’t you need to arrange for flights and stuff?”
“Pepper likes you,” The guy gestures vaguely with his canapé toward the crowd. Steve sees nothing but formalwear and faux smiles, but the canapé at least seems to have a general line of sight. Steve, even with nothing to go on, finds himself scanning cruelly for the mysterious Pepper.
“What was-“ Tony starts, “What was that?”
When Tony arrives at Steve’s office, the atmosphere is thick and chaotic to say the least. Junior designers and interns rush frantically with coffees and long spools of fabric alike. There’s phones ringing and voices calling out. Tony swears he hears somebody at the opposite end of the hallway shout eureka. He’s reminded once again how unlike California New York really is: all bustle and holler whereas the west coast is about kicking back with your ankles crossed and serene palm trees swaying against the ocean breeze.
“Pleasure’s all mine, Mr Stark. Can I ask, what business are you in?”
She sees right through it. Of course.
Nat looks Steve right in the eyes, like the asshole she totally is, and says, “Stevie’s got a crush.”
“Can’t wait to start working with you, Steve,” Tony says into his new business partner’s ear, and Steve realizes he can’t either. He’s ecstatic that he made a deal at all, let alone with Tony Stark, “We’re gonna do great things together.”
Nat rolls her eyes, “Whatever. Good night, Steve. Get some rest.”
“After your meeting with the New York Women’s Association, you have your Stark Industries lunch,” Nat says, sounding so ever nonchalant, but waiting with a baited grin as Steve drops his pen at the familiar name.
“The Met Gala?” Tony repeats, surprised.
“Doing some landscaping,” He says, succinct and simple. He’s already sweating pleasantly through his shirt.
“Fine.” Nat concedes, pushing herself out of the seat, but lingering in Bucky’s personal space with leveraged elbows and carefully narrowed eyes, “But if I find out either of you had anything to do with this, you’ll regret it. You hear me?”
Steve shakes his head at himself, feeling stupid and cloudy-headed, “Uh, yeah, great,” He murmurs, as it hits him that he has no clue what exactly everything means, but it’s too late now.
Stark’s laugh turns into a smile that looks scarily like Steve’s own campaign smile. Huh. Steve proudly notes that his laugh still exists in his eyes. Tony winks at Steve then spins around, spots Nat making a beeline towards them.
Steve hates to admit it, but he’s probably right.
-“ He stops abruptly, turns to face Nat with furrowed brows. “You don’t think I know that it’s affecting the campaign? You think I haven’t noticed? I saw the polling from Idaho. They all think I’m a moody asshole because I was on the phone the night before with a guy and I don’t know how to keep my feelings in check. You think I don’t know this is a disaster? I’m trying to be the president of the United States of America and I can’t get over a crush like some sort of- hormonal teenager. Trust me, Nat. I know.”
“I- I have some things to say. And I know you probably don’t want to hear them because the last time I had things to say they weren’t what you wanted to hear. I shouldn’t have said any of that stuff, Tony. I’m sorry.”
“I’m- uh- little busy here, buddy. Maybe tell ‘em to call me back?”
Tony’s voice is almost a whisper, and he can’t seem to look away from the blurry, photographic spread, “Thank you.”
Steve just grunts wordlessly.
“You should see the fellas I’m working with these days.”
Now that makes clint shoot forward, both feet hitting the ground as he swivels himself around so he can see Tony’s face, “Seriously? Already?“
After that, Nat throws around a couple reasons, like some kind of psychological experiment in which her job is on the line. She tries passively bringing up things that could be affecting Steve’s mood.
Steve’s standing, doesn’t really remember telling his legs to move, but oh well. He’s standing there, in front of Tony Stark. No more voices in his head, just clear, terrifying, soul-devouring
“Yeah, they’re in my bathroom.”
Steve pulls his phone away from his face to check the time, and he laughs, “Tony, it’s almost noon.”
The rest of the day is like going through the motions, a well-oiled machine with a vague cog deep in its winding turns, a piece of gum, peppermint-flavored and sticky, adhered to a single tooth of a large gear. It feels like that phone call is being played over and over again the voice mail to his thoughts, heart thumping. By the end of the day, when Nat tells Steve to go to sleep, that she’s got it from here, no more hands to shake, he doesn’t argue as he makes his way to the elevators.
Clint Barton’s internationally recognized clothing brand has a multibillion dollar networth and continues to grow. clint built his company from the ground up and never lets himself forget the stark bankruptcy that he came from. Clint is well-versed in the language of his gut feelings and is known to offer a deal or back out of one before the last word of the first pitch has been said. His personal net worth is disguised by his untucked shirt, mischievous smirk, and the dirty joke often right on the tip of his tongue. He’s proven to draw out a few smothered grins from Romanoff and the other sharks during the most trying of pitches.
When they meet for the first time, neither has any clue who the other is. Which in and of itself, is actually pretty impressive.
She carefully asks after his family, about any out-of-the-ordinary voter experiences, his categorically pristine health. She asks if Bucky fucked something up, or if somebody in the news said something that got him particularly riled up.
No more conspicuous name drops or frequent phone checks. He never sneaks off or is oh-so-characteristically obvious about clandestine intentions. He wakes up in the morning, buys his newspapers, eats sparsely from the continental breakfast buffet, and gets on the road for another day of campaigning. His spark comes back, the number of volunteers for the campaign somehow doubles, but she also notices Steve working for even longer hours than before. He throws himself into the campaign like never before.
“Mr Stark, every year select designers are permitted to choose who wears their designs to the met gala. I’m not interested in any models or instagram influencers, whatever counts as celebrities nowadays. I told Anna as soon as she told me the theme, that Iron Man’s my first choice.”
He’s late, of course. And alone. But mostly late, arriving with dark tinted sunglasses and a nicely tailored blazer over a closely striped tee shirt. He looks tanner than Steve remembers, and completely at ease stepping off the hot New York sidewalk into the fiercely air conditioned restaurant. Steve watches as Tony’s gaze seemingly carelessly sweeps the room.
Truth be told, Tony forgets about their whole deal for awhile after that.
Tony’s already hung up by the time Steve has the chance to echo Tony’s mere platitude.
Steve’s breath hitches.
Steve finds himself smiling, “Here, we just call them voters.”
“Who’s dressing you?”
“Really?”
When he finally trips out, tugging his suit jacket straight with one hand and curling his fingers into the backs of his shoes, otherwise barefoot, he’s surprised that Steve’s still in the room, “Oh, hey. Is there something else we need to do?”
Tony, thankfully, doesn’t seem to notice.
- Hello, sir. Great to meet you, thanks fo r coming out tonight.”
But the thing is, Steve kinda wants to. Hell, going back is all Steve thinks about. Even just trying it out, dipping his toes in the water. Something, anything. He thirsts for it, misses every piece of Tony, every day.
Steve huffs out a silent laugh against Tony’s temple.
“No. No, Steve. Just no. Despite everything that’s happened, how could you forget that I know you. You’re an emotional, sentimental, romantic, dumbass idiot, but you don’t do anything
He ends up just saying, “Huh.”
Tony can’t argue with that.
“And we got a new one. Pepper Potts and Tony Stark, from Stark Industries. They used to do weapons development, but there was an incident, and Stark turned his company around. Now they’re in the clean energy business. Very interested in charity, huge pockets. But they don’t usually donate to political campaigns, so we’re lucky to even have them. They’re the most important guests of the night, so make sure you don’t fuck it up with them. I know Pepper personally, and if one of them decides they like you, you’ll be gold for the rest of the campaign, I promise.”
By the time the waiter comes over to take their drink order, Steve can’t seem to stop smiling. It’s ridiculous.
Steve doesn’t notice that Tony’s standing there watching until he’s waving the driver goodbye and watching the dumpster turn off their street. He breaks out into a smile on sight.
“I hate all you,” He grumbles, throwing all his papers into a haphazard pile and standing up. He pushes the rest of his cereal at Nat, “I’m gonna go find Maria. She probably has something I can do that isn’t talking to you losers about my irrelevant love life.”
It’s all very domestic of them, and when Steve has the driveway cleared and all the landscaping primly mulched, Steve wakes Tony up from his nap with a sweaty kiss on the lips.
Steve remembers Bruce’s words and starts his pitch, jaw tight and chest heavy with nerves.
Steve snorts, “I don’t think Oregon-an is a real word.”
But Steve is smart enough to know that Tony doesn’t miss him back. Tony brings female suitors to that old townhouse all the time (the names are almost always in some magazine the next day, Steve can hardly avoid it), he makes million dollar deals, and drives Lambourghinis to the Hamptons. Most importantly, Steve knows that Tony doesn’t ever think about him (Steve doesn’t blame him, not when he has all that despite some guy hanging off his arm who is deceptively old and sometimes secretly good at art), so any point about exploring these soft, melting, world-ending feelings tucked in the impenetrable folds of Steve’s heart are utterly pointless.
He looks happier than Nat’s ever seen him.
Tony rolls his eyes and tries to peer at the pile of colors despite himself, “Rule followers are so boring,” He jibes, but she doesn’t acquiesce, just glances up at him with a mischievous grin, “Boohoo. Boring.”
Steve hesitates, can sense the hinges of the leaf-covered trap door creaking under his feet, but he takes the bait anyway, “Really?”
Steve hasn’t even introduced his product yet, hell he hasn’t even pitched its name and the unlaughable sea creature is laughing like a banshee at open mic night. He has zero clue what’s going on, much less why. He resists the urge to tug on his collars, scuff his shoes, do anything that could reveal how absolutely fucking
“In my defense, I’ve started drinking coffee since I’ve been on the road.”
They’re in Vermont when the tabloids pick up on Steve and Tony’s relationship. He’d asked Tony if he wanted to join him for a dinner honoring kids from all over New England who were exemplary in STEM fields. The kids were even more excited to hear Tony talk (who came as a surprise to both the young’uns and their starstruck parents) than they had been at the prospect of dining with Steve.
Tony rushes through his demolition of the gross, now-armless sea monster so as not to let a fashion god waiting. The monster makes a bellowing death cry as its armless head falls helplessly into the ocean, its arms already sinking fast to the bottom ahead of it.
Tony pulls his pointer finger through a clump of paint at his hipbone, and wipes it on Steve’s cheek, “Jerk.”
Tony slumps further into the couch, simultaneously relieved and disappointed when Steve’s face fades into the Shark Tank logo then a commercial for hemorrhoid cream. Nat doesn’t stop laughing.
“-the maximum donation limit.
He’s four storefronts over and practically off the curb hailing a cab when Tony catches up to him.
“Oh shut up,” Tony groans, “It’s not my fault i’m not a heartless monster like you.”
The stranger takes a graceful sip of champagne, and when he pulls the glass away from his lips he has the most shit-eating grin, “Me? I’m Tony Stark. S’nice to meet you, Rogers.”
Tony shrugs and answers blandly, “Can’t complain. Work has been insane lately.”
“Steve Rogers, you’re an idiot.”
“Well you shouldn’t have worn designer jeans while we’re painting, Tony,” Steve retorts lightheartedly, as if it was obvious. He punctuates it with a succinct peck on the lips.
“Uh, yeah, actually. Went great. Nat thinks we might even have a chance.”
Pepper she’s sorry she couldn’t make it. And to tell you to go fuck yourself.”
Steve’s in the middle of drafting an email on his phone when he looks up and nearly drops the thing, “Tony?” He breathes out.
Steve gives a succinct nod before turning and walking off, leapfrogging over the rest of the interviews without a second glance to rejoin Tony by the doors. Tony can’t seem to look away.
She turns to face him.
Bucky crashes through the finale of Nat’s serious monologue with a barely-funny joke that makes Steve crack a grateful smile. Sam elbows Bucky meaningfully in the ribs, but he’s smiling too.
The day of the met gala, Tony isn’t as nervous as he probably should be.
“I don’t think so, Nat. This isn’t the kinda thing I want to do over the phone. I hurt him, I was rude, and now I’ve almost completely flipped on what I said to him before. I need to do it in person.”
“I couldn’t have asked for a better outcome,” he admits, eyes bright. Bruce gives him two smiling thumbs up, “In fact, I gotta admit, I’ve always had kinda a crush on Mr Stark, so I’m really excited to get the chance to work with him.”
“Well, yeah, maybe a little, but I don’t mind. C’mon, babe, stop worrying. You don’t even have to do anything. Grab a chair and sit out here with me. It’ll be fun.”
Bruce hovers around the makeup department while the stylists do the final camera-ready touches on his latest entrepreneurial finds. He pats awkwardly at Steve’s back in a way that Steve can only assume is supposed to be comforting.
“Your suit’s done. For the gala. I wanted to set a time for you to come up and try it on so we could tailor it within the next couple of weeks.”
Iron Man lands on the beach, one knee to the sand and a fist punching down to balance himself, a tsunami of little kids’ sandcastles blasting out from behind him like a violent dress train, when he tells JARVIS to put Steve back on.
Tony’s never been one to take a compliment well- his ego constantly in retrograde between bloated and overly-modest like a cruel, wobbling pendulum- so he waves his hands awkwardly, shrugs his shoulders up to his chin, and shuffles away from Steve in the direction of the door, “Uh, thanks. I- it’s been an honor working with you too, Mr Rogers. You’re a legend in the business. Your support means a lot to me. Uh, have a good one, I guess. See you around.”
He’s barely in the hallway when he bodily runs into Nat.
“Uhh,” Steve manages, and Tony cracks up.
“You put your whole life on hold to save the rest of the world. It’s not fair of people to blame you for something you’re trying to stop.”
“Oh, yeah,” Tony says, as if he’s somehow forgotten. He pulls a stack of note paper out of his breast pocket, “Just a couple things. Nothing major, I promise. Just stuff that’s easier to do in person, I swear.”
Steve continues his short pacing circuit a couple more times, unable to think of anything else, and eventually shakes his head.
And then Tony’s rushing forward and kissing him.
Both of them have red hot tempers, they always have. Steve realizes that now, and he realizes that his feelings still exist, rooted deep somewhere in the spot immediately adjacent to that redhot button inside him that always causes trouble. Steve wants to give things another shot. He misses Tony.
Tony, sitting beside Natasha, however, seems to know exactly why she’s laughing. That’s how things are in the shark tank, it’s like a constant game where the sharks know three things for every one thing the minoes do. However, it’s in that moment that the crew learns that even Tony Stark is capable of embarrassment, as he blushes faint pink just at the round of his cheeks and glares at his fellow shark.
“Hey,” Steve says, trying not to sound breathless as he leans against a beige, wallpapered corner, “What can I do for you, Mr Stark?”
Bucky looks to Sam with a frown, “Why does she always assume we have something to do with it?”
Steve grins.
If one of the reporters from the press corps were to traipse out of their room at that moment in search of ice chips or a late night vending machine snack, Steve would have a hell of a lot of explaining to do.
“Wh-what was that?” Steve says, sounding like an echo in an endless, bat infested cavern. His eyes refuse to move away from the soft pink of Tony’s lips.
Steve snorts, “Only if you tell me which one of them is your first favorite asshole.”
“I wasn’t,” Steve says quickly, “That’s a very generous offer, Mr stark, but I-“
Steve feels his face burn and he hurries to get up, get out, to escape. It was supposed to be over, why does he keep dragging this out?
Steve can only imagine that smile of Tony’s, the one that climbed it’s way out like a parasite and engrained itself in Steve’s own memory. He’s not entirely sure how this quick phone call got so far away from him.
Nat smiles, “Anytime, Rogers. Hurry up, we’re running late.”
Nat narrows her eyes, “You guys really have no idea what happened?”
It’s a ridiculous excuse, even bumbling Steve Rogers can tell, and he feels his grin grow. He taps his toe against the equally beige baseboard, points his smile at his feet as he keeps his phone tucked close against his ear.
“Potato, pot-ah-to. Voter, schmoter.”
“You wouldn’t have to dress me this time,” Tony promises offhandedly, as if he didn’t know that Steve absolutely loved dressing Tony Stark, that it’s wasn’t a huge honor and kinda a dream, “But I think we could have a nice time anyway.”
Steve’s the one out of breath when Tony finally pulls away. Steve holds a white grip on Tony’s jacket sleeve, the one he actually managed to put on correctly. Tony has him effectively pinned against the taxi, ass pressed embarrassingly against the tinted window, and there’s not a single part of Steve that is about to complain about his current position.
“I knew you’d like him. That’s why I called you up. I knew you’d hit it off.”
“You seemed to like the canapés,” Steve says, as a vague reminder. Steve himself remembers the conversations and the suits more vividly, but still. The canapés felt like an important part of their exchange.
“Is there a catch? Some constituency? Do you want royalties or a salary or something?”
The next morning, Nat’s up bright and early as per usual. She does her typical wake up calls, calls out the detailed agenda for the day multiple times to the gathered crowds of volunteers. She stands outside of Sam’s door and knocks for seven minutes straight without stopping before he finally come out, shirtless, to call her an asshole. She smiles sweetly and tells him that they’re leaving in ten minutes.
Steve can't help it, he snorts with quiet laughter, “And by your people you mean just Pepper, right?”
Steve can’t help but crack a laugh, feel the stones start to break away as his body is chiseled suddenly back into reality, “Nat, I’m totally telling Bucky you called him an asshole.”
“While you’re at it, tell Sam too, why don’t you? Save me the trouble.”
It’s absurd. The guy’s at his campaign rally and he has no idea who he is. Steve’s pretty sure Nat had put a life size cutout of himself at the entrance. Steve gives up, and lets his smile fizzle into something Sam would snipe at: a full grin. Nat always says he looks more like somebody’s baseball-playing brother than a presidential candidate when he grins like this, but he can’t help it. This guy is truly absurd. It’s refreshing.
Nat’s bent over with laughter at the way Steve blushes so innocently in his final interview and how Tony can’t quite look away.
“Of course.”
It’s much too late to be making near-delirious dates with beautiful people. The space behind his eyes aches, and he can still feel the alcohol from the party systematically lacing its way through his body like a boa constrictor on a mission, but he’s smiling with the phone to his ear.
“That’s great news, Mr Stark! I can’t wait to work with you.”
. Steve thinks, somewhere in the back or his mind, the part not completely distracted by the way Tony’s lips feel on his, that there are at least two tabloid offices that would love to see their little spectacle located in the skyscraper towering over them.
Steve looks down slowly.
It’d be so easy. When he threw his arm out to stop the door from closing all the way, Tony’s whole body had swung closer toward Steve’s with the momentum of it. Steve’d simply have to tip forward just so and- their lips meet.
And this morning, he’s almost twenty minutes behind. Impeccably dressed, sure, but there’s that flicker again, that hesitancy. He looks tired. Nat makes a mental note to force some of her makeup bag on him, maybe try smearing some concealer on the dark bags under his eyes. All three of Steve’s closest advisors watch as he reaches for a yellowing pear and a cardboard cup full of orange juice.
Steve finds himself smiling, “Y’know, now that I think about it, Nat said to tell you something. She said to tell
“So, Rogers” Nat says, a sly, patently Romanoff smile pulling at the corners of her lips, “You gonna tell us why Stark made a visit to the hotel last night?”
Nat had poked him in the side with her pen, “Yeah, well, it pays the bills, Steve.”
“We’ll fly you up to New York sometime before the gala, fit you up, and tailor the design to fit you exactly, then on the first Monday in May you’ll be walking down the carpet and be able to head right back to Malibu the next morning if that’s what you want. I’ll do all the designing and sewing, you just have to show up.”
Each time, he laughs it off.
Steve thinks back, rewinds the voice in his head every time. It sounds different now.
Even alone in his office, he smiles, “I just read a very interesting article.”
“Remember Stark?”
Tony grins, “Really? Wanna give him a show?”
“You really did a great job,” Tony manages out of the corner of his mouth, a perfect smile pasted on his face as Steve follows after him on the carpet, a large hand soft against Tony’s lower back.
Steve grins, that old Brooklyn thing that he keeps in the back drawers of himself like a secret little thing. On impulse, he grabs Tony’s hand and tugs him to a nearby table.
“I’ll have my people contact you then,” Tony says as he slips the papers back into his front pocket.
The citizens of Idaho aren’t convinced that Steve’s gonna be their next president. Not like the Oregonians are anyway, not even close. He and his opponent toe the line together.
“Wait, what?”
It turns out that Steve had been right way back when. There really wasn’t a lot to the whole fitting thing. Steve took some measurements, laid a form on top of Tony that exemplified what the General shape of the outfit would look like on Tony’s body, then promptly shooed the tech mogul off the podium.
“Come on man,” Clint calls out exhaustedly, “Just go with your gut feeling. Who do you want to work with?”
Tony snorts involuntarily, “I have a faster way to travel. I don’t have to worry about arranging any of that, don’t fret.”
“Where’d you get this thing?”
Tony grins, “Hell yeah.”
Steve knows and understands Tony better than he has any right to, way better than somebody who’s been on one and a half dates with a man who spends most of the year on the other side of the country has any business understanding. Even without being there, he catches the meaning of Tony’s silence.
There’s something weird about Steve Rogers.
Nat and Pepper had arranged for the two of them to have half an hour alone together, to talk. For Steve to get his head out of his own ass and for Tony to let him.
“Something happened,” Nat whispers, sliding into the seat opposite Sam and Bucky as they fly from one state to another. Steve’s taking his scheduled power nap on the opposite end of the plane. Nat leans closer toward the other advisors, “Do either of you know what happened?”
“Thanks. See you in May.”
Steve’s smile grows, “Let’s do this.”
When Steve wakes up, Nat tells him the updated schedule for the next week, and he doesn’t question it, just smiles, thanks her, and makes his way back to the press cabin to see if anybody has any questions he can answer before they land.
Steve feels his phone buzz in his pocket just as he feels himself about to get into it. He picks it out, tilts the screen so he can read the caller ID, and feels his heartbeat pick up minutely, his face flush. The rehearsed speech drafted in his brain gets cut down to only a few significant sentences. He shoves his phone back into his pocket and smiles at his people.
He can practically hear Tony’s smile.
That is, until he’s five miles off the California coastline, hanging over the Pacific Ocean with a tentacle-clad  sea monster hissing at him from below, and JARVIS tells him he’s got a call.
“I called him.”
“Uh, nothing,” Tony says as the monster makes a swipe at him. He uses the attack to his advantage, swinging himself around the offensive arm a couple times and taking out the one adjacent to it, “What’s up, Rogers?”
Tony’s mind goes to the worst first. Steve takes one look at Tony’s face and immediately drops his paint roller into the tin.
This time, Steve holds on for dear life.
Tony unabashedly listens in.
midday.
When she opens the door, she’s in her pajamas, the familiar, slouchy, grey sweatpants. Steve is already inexcusably sweaty. He wipes at his forehead.
why I picked you!”
“Hey,” She says, effortlessly breathless and energized, “Have you seen Sam and Bucky?”
“You know I’m a billionaire, right?”
Steve’s responding intake of breath is completely involuntary, “Uh- Yeah. I-
“Just remember their names, and be yourself. You’ll be fine, Steve. Tell Pepper I’m sorry I couldn’t make it, and please tell Tony to go fuck himself for me. Man up, Rogers.”
“Uh, Stevie?”
“What?”
“Yeah, yeah, I know,” Tony breathes out as he collapses onto another surface that Steve can only imagine, “I’ve always been more of a night owl. Mornings aren’t exactly my thing. You can get much more done at night.”
Presidential candidates do not get breaks.
And with that he- well, to put it lightly- Tony gets the hell out of there.
Steve isn’t sure at all what takes over him. They’re surrounded on all sides by millennials and teenagers with their noses stuck in laptop keyboards and cell phone message boards, all people culturally conscious enough to be highly aware that infamous exes Captain America and Iron Man are having an openly public meeting right in front of them. Steve does it anyway, despite himself. He needs to feel that smile one last time.
Pepper does not stop smiling smugly, she can’t. Instead she all but skips out of Tony’s office, leaving with a wink as she reaches the door, shutting it behind her.
“The one and only.”
As Steve starts to walk away, Sam barks out a laugh, “You know that implies that you like someone, right? Love life- ha! We’ll figure it out eventually, Rogers!”
!” in agreement, compounded by the clamorous laughter of people who have spent every waking, sleep-deprived hour of the past three months together.
Sam and Bucky look to one another then turn back to Nat in sync. Together, they shrug.
His voice drops soft and low, “What’re you thinking about?”
All the major newspapers have SENATOR ROGERS’ name in big letters on the front page, almost every day of the week. The polls are climbing. And Steve’s smile still falters. Not often, but often enough that Sam will elbow Bucky in the side and nod in the direction of the podium once or twice a day, and Nat and Bucky will share a look as Steve furrows his brow while he practices his speech at them over breakfast.
“There’s a man with a camera phone behind you,” Steve mumbles as he reaches across the table to snag a breadstick from the basket, “Don’t look.”
Tony’s already hung up.
“Morning, Stark,” Steve grins, and Tony doesn’t miss Steve’s seemingly casual deep blue, well-cut suit, “How are you feeling?”
“That’s what the cool kids call a date, Pepper. I know for a fact you’ve been on a couple. Surely you have.”
Steve rolls his eyes, beckons Tony to his side of the desk with an outstretched arm, “C’mere, weirdo.”
Steve clears his throat again. He suddenly feels like an imbecile, but he latches onto Nat’s voice in his head.
28 minutes and a nice coffee lunch later, Nat and Pepper return to the private dining room. When they open the door, they find Steve and Tony sitting on the farthest end of the long banquet-style table, talking quietly to one another.
“Hi, sir, this is Steve Rogers. We met at a campaign function a couple evenings ago.”
Tony smiles up at the redheads, innocent in every way of the word except the actual definition, a twinkle in his eye, “Oh lookie. It’s our two favorite matchmakers, huh?”
And then Tony turns, faces the other side, gives the paparazzi what they want. He’s guided toward the pink steps, literally glowing, and they’re both lead toward the few reporters given passes to stand in front of the velvet rope for interviews, microphone in hand. They’re immediately split up.
“Hey, Mr Stark,” He says cheerily, “Welcome back to New York. Take a seat. Make yourself comfortable.”
Instead of a response, Steve just… exhales. It’s super lame, but his mind’s gone numb. He’s supposed to be this brilliant leader, but here he is rendered speechless by a single look. He tells himself to get over it. Then reminds himself he doesn’t have to.
“Should I?”
Tony hesitates, but nods. He grabs his jacket and heads for the door, “Sure, Rogers. If it really, truly makes you happy,” He’s got a wicked grin, and he winks at the door, “Arent you coming?”
In the past, Steve had boldly and happily faced rallies that filled stadiums full of supporters wearing buttons with his name written in big blue letters, and every last one of the filled seats included a proud supporter screaming his name. He’d dealt with all of Congress as if battling a militant infant, strong and brave and loud. Hell, Steve’s gone into multiple literal war zones. But this? This feels worse, somehow. Marching to an unknown doom. He feels like an oversized pair of flip flops are sinking into the metaphorical quicksand in his stomach.
Thankfully, Sam slapped Bucky upside the head as surrogate for Steve, who can’t quite reach him from the angle of his seat. Steve turns with a grateful smile from Sam to Nat.
“Uh, yeah, think so.”
There’s a raucous, half-tipsy, “
“ Tony says, and he sounds as breathless as Steve feels.
“Isn’t it gonna be hard?”
“I can call you back if this is a bad time,” Steve says again, but Tony insists.
“And what? And nothing. I thanked him. It was fine. The call was fine. Normal.”
Tony grins and flounces to a white leather chair with the melodrama of any Stark, “Feeling great, Rogers. I’m ready to get beautified.”
“Hello?” A familiar voice mumbles, “Tony Stark here. Uh wha’ happened? Whas’sup?”
“Hey, Tony?” Nat says, as they watch Steve place his hand on an ancient leather bible, “Remember when I called you and told you about this job?”
Tony’s quick cough is purposefully muffled, and there’s an obvious shuffling on his end, but he returns quickly, “Uh, yes. Steve Rogers. I remember.”
Down in the lobby, Bucky accuses Nat of being a witch as he pours his coffee.
Bruce Banner is the helpful producer who has been giving Steve every word of advice he could possibly ask for since the moment he’d received the email informing him his product pitch would air on Shark Tank in November. Even Steve can tell that Bruce works insanely hard from the show, spending long hours at the studio, emailing potential entrepreneurs day in and day out, often weighed down by stacks of folders filled with product pitches. He thrives off of caffeine alone and he wouldn’t be able to make his hair look effectively brushed even if he walked around with a comb in his hand all day. Bruce was the one who had served the final word in convincing both Tony and Nat to sign on with the show.
“Yeah, that’s me. What’re you doing right now?”
Once again, Tony’s the first one to hang up, and Steve feels like an absolute idiot. He tells himself he did the right thing and wanders back toward the sound of young, politically ambitious anthropoid millennials. He puts his phone on silent before shoving his phone back into his pocket.
“I really don’t think that’s fair, sir,” He says, and if he weren’t so sensible and respectable, it’d almost sound like he was cursing out the reporter. Steve gets this heated, patriotic-looking expression, face hot, “You see, I chose Stark because he’s a hero. Sure, he’s unconventional, and maybe he’s dangerous. But at least he’s doing something. I’ve seen it in action, he doesn’t do what he does for money or recognition, he does it for the people. It’s incredible and deserves to be recognized. In fact, I don’t think it’s controversial at all,” He clears his throat meaningfully, an inch away from being a threat, “Do you think so?”
“I’ll be back later,” Steve promises, “I have some work to do, and I have to get dolled up myself, but I promise I’ll be here for the big reveal.”
Steve feels distinctly like a proverbial bucket of ice (ice machines conveniently provided by the hotel not far down the hallway from his room) was just dumped over his head, “How did you find me?”
“Yeah, and you know that you already donated a substantial amount of money to my campaign? I can’t let you do this.”
“You guys did a great job. Thanks,” His eyes flash to the hanging black garment bag he left in the corner of the room earlier that afternoon, “Now for the finishing touch. You ready to get dressed, Mr Stark?”
“Steve Rogers,” Tony murmurs with a shake of his head, “Always keeping ‘em on their toes, weren’t you?”
Tony raises an eyebrow, “I’m listening.”
“I, uh- I don’t know, honestly.”
“Speech! Speech! Speech! Speech! Speech!” The chant starts, probably from Bucky, but it spreads from Sam to the rest of the room in no time.
Steve just nods, and gets out of there as fast as he can. He’s gonna get the bubbly, happy feeling out of his stomach if he has to force it out with a crowbar and half a million handshakes with strangers. And with that, he decides to throw himself into his work.
“Yes!”
But the way she leans and laughs… Steve gets the sense she’s saying a lot more than she’s actually… saying. He both hates and loves that about Nat. He watches her flip between stacks, eyes reading long lines of statistics and recommendations as if she’s unaware of his suspicious gaze.
“Please hold for Steve Rogers.”
“What?”
Nat gets the urge to tell Steve to fix his smile the way he’s looking at Tony, but then again, nobody’s watching right now. She can let it slide. She’s glad to.
“I’m sorry. I-I don’t know what came over me,” He’s pulling his coat on before Tony’s able to get a word in edgewise. Steve doesn't care much to hear Tony’s meaningless scriptures of an echoing ‘
Tony shrugs magnanimously, “It wasn’t exactly your kind of restaurant anyway.”
“Hey, in all seriousness,” Tony says, grabbing at Steve’s biceps, “If this is something you’re interested in doing, I can talk to Pepper about having one of her landscaper friends call us, and he can give you some recommendations. We can plant some more stuff out front if you want and-“
By the time Steve slips into the UP elevator, Nat, Sam, and Bucky are still sitting at their usual table staring in awe after the senator. Did they just witness a mental breakdown? Is that what one of those looks like? That’s what it felt like.
“You’re allowed to have feelings, dumbass.”
And with that, Tony took a step back and watched as his partner spent the next six hours climbing up and down a ladder and washing the back siding of their new house. Tony can’t help but think it’s all very… suburban of them. Halfway through, he brings out an ice cold glass of iced tea for Steve, and 15 minutes later Steve, soaked with sweat, peels his shirt off. Tony doesn’t mind at all.
“Sorry about that. We were picking a date for me to come up. What were you thinking?”
After a full minute, he gives up trying to figure out the secret meanings of Natasha Romanoff. He steals one of her many folders and gets to work himself.
He doesn’t notice Nat disappear back into the crowd.
Tony follows his eyes, and sure enough there are two distinct beige-colored hand prints stenciled in on Tony’s hips.
The hold music’s playing before he gets a response.
Steve sits there, cheap LED light bulbs flickering above him, for longer than he would normally take the luxury. Huh. He shakes his head, dismounts heavily from the countertop, and finally unlocks the door.
“I have no idea what happened,” Bucky says, waving his pen in tiny airborne circles, “But you’re right. He was off all day today.”
“Still with that Mr Stark nonsense?”
She throws a granola bar at him and turns on her heel to find Steve, “Clean yourself up, Bucky,” She calls over her shoulder, “You’re a mess.”
Steve isn’t sure what he was going to say anyway, “Nothing. See you then.”
“Close the door,” Steve says immediately, looking back down at the small machine after the brief sweetness, “You’re letting flies in the house.”
“I could’ve made you one, y’know,” Tony mumbles, still only half aware of what the thing is at all, “l could’ve made something way better than that and you never would’ve even had to leave the house.”
“Okay,” Steve says, nodding anxiously down at the piece of paper that he had scribbled the name of the place on, ”I’ll see you there. And uh, Tony?”
“JARVIS, route me to my meeting with Rogers, yeah?” He asks, fingers transcribing mindless equations onto his watch on the short walk from the landing pad to the back elevator leading surreptitiously to Tony’s personal garage out of the building.
“Great,” Nat says, her usual cool slipping away just minutely and her voice comes out harsher than normal, “Good night.”
Steve just laughs and kisses Tony again, uncaring.
“Alone?” Steve repeats. If Nat hadn’t been familiar with his courageous military record, she would almost say he sounded scared, “No, no. We can just reschedule. You have the rapport with them. I shouldn’t go without you.”
Steve looks around like he knows he did something wrong, paint roller dripping idly in his hand. Tony would almost laugh if he wasn’t starting to get genuinely worried.
“Steve!” He calls, his voice heavy with panting breaths, “Please- hold on!”
“A chance?” Tony honest-to-god snorts, this good natured, sarcastic humor that wiggles all the way through Steve’s body like a ghost or a gust of wind, takes root in Steve’s toes and sets up shop high in his chest, “Steve, you’re gonna blow this election out of the water. You’re gonna dominate.”
He goes out back, grabs a white plastic lounge chair and sets himself up in the front yard with Steve. They spend the entire day like that in the sweating sunshine. Tony lounges, watches his husband, even briefly falls asleep in the sunshine, while Steve works hard and sneaks looks at his sleepy husband lounging under the sun.
He has a couple more stops he wants to add to the already jam-packed schedule for the next day. He crunched the numbers himself, did the research himself, and he’s audibly excited at the prospect of working himself into the ground.
“Oh, didn’t they tell you? My name is Steve Rogers.”
. You don’t make mistakes like that.”
Nat  uncrosses her arms, “Alright boys, that’s enough talk about sex. This is not the place,” She points an accusatory finger at Steve and he’s positive she notices the blush high on his cheek, “You should be mingling!”
Nat looks very self-satisfied as she reaches across and steals a spoonful of his cereal. Steve’s reading the paragraph on last night’s event, the one typed neatly around a picture of Steve shaking hands with a local celebrity, his suit tugging against his biceps in the direction of being too tight of a fit, when Bucky and Sam collapse into chairs at the table next to Steve and Nat.
do that.
“You don’t even know his numbers!”
“While it’s a pleasure to have a... voice to match to the name, is there a reason you’re calling me?”
“Yeah,” The guy mumbles, nodding, “Thinks you’re gonna do great things or something. Boost the economy by supporting small businesses blah blah blah. I don’t know.”
“I mean, I lived in Brooklyn for most of my life. And then I didn’t really have anywhere but a cot when I was in the war. And then I came out of the ice, and there was so much stuff, but almost none of it was really mine. And since we’ve moved out here it’s like, I don’t know, I’ve never had anything like this. I wanted to try the handyman, homeowner thing for a bit.”
“Wakey, wakey,” He murmurs, leaning the top of one thigh against the edge of the lounge chair as he kneels in the grass beside his husband, “Wanna go in? Take a shower?”
“If we’re gonna work together, could you at least call me Tony?”
“Ugh, fine,” Tony groans, doing a loop-di-loop in the air and slicing one of the grabby tentacles in half with his repulsors. Only seven more to go, “Patch em through.”
Thor and Clint end up partnering together on a deal that’s mostly a time-filler, nowhere near as serious or as appealing as Tony’s offer. Stev politely turns it down, and Clint laughs behind his hand. Maria considers throwing an offer onto the table, even does so briefly, but retracts it as soon as Nat pitches her offer, straight faced as she claims there was nothing she could bring to the table that topped Nat’s deal.
He pulls away like he’s startling awake.
Steve feels his cheeks burn despite his smile. There’s something about the way Tony said it, like he knows exactly what he had before him and he knows exactly what he wants to do with it. It makes an excited shiver run through Steve’s body from his crossed ankles to his hand wrapped around his wine glass.
She blinks.
Three days into the new year and Steve feels, well, frankly, he feels like shit. He feels like he’s gonna throw up. The thought of seeing Tony again after all that time, after all that agony- it feels impossible. And yet, here he is. Fifteen minutes early.
Imbedded deep in his nerves, Steve maintains the distinct feeling that he made a mistake.
Tony doesn’t notice that Steve has been trying to get his attention.
“Yeah, May.”
The theme for this year’s Met is fitting. Power, Strength, Functionality, and Fashion: Superheroes Today, Tomorrow, and Yesterday. The theme was quite literally made for Tony, a bona fide hero himself. He’s fated to stand out stunningly with a theme like that, and Steve certainly delivers.
“Hey, guys,” Steve says, as close to mumbling as a guy who speaks day-in-day-out in emblazoned speeches can get (he spoke like that before the campaign too, though the random feeling of wanting to follow the guy into a fiery abyss is more obvious nowadays, more direct and also more than a tad intentional), “Sorry I’m late. Off morning, I guess.”
“Really? Your first choice?”
“How about we start with buying a grill for the back porch, and I cook you dinner once or twice a week, yeah? Maybe we buy a nice, new lawn mower?”
Things didn’t end well, and Steve hates it.
“Doesn’t matter. Can we talk, Steve?”
Steve makes a hum, a noise not unlike Tony’s repulsor beams charging up. Tony imagines Steve stands up and starts pacing his office, if the vague shuffling sounds on the other end of the line are any indication.
The thing about Steve Rogers is that he’s on a bit of a political streak, and everybody knows it. Something about a midlife crisis. He’s seemingly no longer interested in the mundane. He wants to make a difference, wants to speak out. It’s all very noble of him. Controversial, too, often enough. And picking the infamous Tony Stark, the man behind the Iron Man mask, to be your model for the met gala is about as controversial as it gets. Being a superhero comes with a lot of controversy in Tony’s experience, but Steve seems to want to almost embrace that.
Tony’s smiling winningly, coffee in hand, when he finally approaches the small table Steve managed to secure.
Tony, unsurprisingly, does the opposite and shows up thirty minutes later. This was expected, the two men to be on completely different schedules, as if they lived in different time zones altogether. They’re opposites, diametrically opposed, always one without the other: heads and tails, dog and cat, the sun and the moon. They revolve around opposing ellipses, singular orbits that intercross at one blissful point every 300 years. The logical part of Steve’s brain gathered these clues and knew from the start that they were doomed. The dominant part of Steve’s brain, however, the romantic, emotional, ever-so-in-love-with-stupid-Tony-Stark part of his brain dove headfirst into the relationship and got split in two when it shattered into a million pieces.
“Thanks, Rogers. So how do we do this fitting thing?”
His first step onto the carpet, and the volume increases threefold.
Steve’s never heard anybody call Nat ‘baby’. He’s surprised she doesn’t kick him in the gonads for it.
Now Pepper rolls her eyes.
Steve smiles, “You look great.”
“Uh, hey, there’s a very scary looking redhead coming this way. I’d very much appreciate it if you didn’t tell her that I just used two different words that she’s allowed to slap me for using in front of donors.”
He shakes just as many hands as he usually does, smiles at as many babies, does approximately the same number of photo ops. But there’s something off about him the whole time.
Steve shoves a hand into one of his pants pockets. He can hear Bucky’s voice in his head, warning him not to wrinkle the suit, but the pocket-shoving is the natural progression from his so-called baseball grin. He can practically feel himself reverting to his old, non-presidential-candidate self, with the heavy New York accent and the tennis shoes with holes worn through them. He’s reminded, once again, of the simian feeling.
Steve’s shoveling cereal into his mouth in the hotel lounge the next morning, three newspapers splayed out in front of him, when a phone is slid across his table, a miniature paperweight on top of his reading material begging for his attention.
Dylan turns on his heel and effortlessly leads Steve through a complex, bustling minefield of tables to a secluded booth in the back. Steve has to rotate his body carefully to fit between the skinny space between tables, but he manages to miraculously keep up with Dylan. Steve almost considers cracking a joke, mentioning Theseus and the Minotaur and this weird labyrinth of furniture, but instead he just smiles at the young waiter, and sits down quickly.
Steve can’t help but notice that they make a beautiful pair. Tony, with his natural fit in that suit, looking like he invented the very idea of a formal party. And Nat, in that black dress that gets her hit on more than anybody else in the room. It hugs her curves and dips just low enough to show off her cleavage, and her startlingly red hair is swept to the side in a way that exposes most of her neck. She stuns. Steve’s always wished he could look that good (In a suit. Not a dress. Suit.)
“What’s up?” Tony asks, clicking the big green button and squinting into the sun.
Nat honest-to-god giggles beside Steve as they approach the gathering in the ballroom with the most critical mass. It’s almost a terrifying noise coming from the woman who could probably politically destroy half of the sitting Congress with a single email if she wanted to. She nudges him in his side and hides a smile as they approach another donor, “Somebody’s got a crush.”
Steve glances back up at the lock on the bathroom door, just to reassure himself he’s completely alone. There’s no need to be embarrassed or worried, he really is just thanking the guy, but there are chrysalides in his stomach, shaking like leaves. He boosts himself onto the linoleum counter, ass digging into the edge of the sink as he rests the back of his head against the mirror, watches the lights flicker as the ringing continues.
Steve reads the menu twice without actually reading the words, and a third time for good measure. By the fourth go-around he commits to reading the posh descriptions of avocado toast and various fruit-flavored smoothie bowls. He’s on his fifth readthrough, slowly deciding on a plain plate of scrambled eggs and a fruit cup, when Tony arrives.
Tony continues, “Plus, anyway, there’s the tiny detail of me having a company to run. And where would we put all my stuff if I moved in? I don’t think you understand quite how much stuff I own. But that’s beside the point.”
Day: Thursday, 24th of November, 2016.
Tony was rolling his eyes inside the armor, when he suddenly complained, "Hey, why'd you use the past tense? I'm still amazing."
Tony didn't reply back with anything, even when two seconds later Peter had sent him a- "Sorry."
He stayed there for he didn't know how long.
Next moment, his suit was drenched. Just fucking great. He'd been saliva-sprayed by three alien lizards who had probably set their hearts on Tony for dinner. He knew that the suit could handle water, but this was bodily stored digestive enzyme form three gigantic lizards from another planet that could spew out a tsunami from their mouths.
Place: Somewhere in SoHo
Tony Stark is 46. Steve Rogers is 32 (or, for the sake of dry humor, 98)
After another hour, as the portal finally closed shut, was Tony able to take a breath of relief. Landing on the pavement, he saw Peter swinging towards him. Removing his helmet, Tony greeted Peter with a smile.
"Thank you, Mr. Stark."
"Right kid, you be off. I'll go find the nearest station."
"That's nice." Pepper nodded, trying to think what to say next, and Tony detested it. These twice thought of words, this keeping the truth under check- it wasn't a Tony and Pepper thing.
"Glad to be of service, boss."
Tentatively, he asked-"
They mattered so much.
Tony looked down at his own half-empty plate, and decided that since his appetite had, for some unknown reason, decided to leave him, Tony might as well get up and get going. He paid for the food, headed out and asked himself the million dollar question-
Iron Man propelled heavenwards, reaching behind one of the lizards and shot projectiles at its scaly reptilian back. Vision appeared beside him, shooting an apologetic look as he pointed his thumb behind his back, where five more of these suckers were lying unconscious under concrete rubble. Tony signaled him to keep the lizards occupied, as he prepared his suit to shoot several rounds of heavy duty tranq darts. Iron Man flew backwards, not realizing that beneath him, one of the lizards flicked its seven feet long tail, and struck him from the side, sending him flying into a nearby building.
Without realising what was happening, Tony just stumbled through the gallery, and reached the lift, fingers shaking too much to press the buttons in one go. As the elevator slid down, Tony felt his own peace stumbling. Staring as himself in the mirrors present on the walls of the lift, he stared into his own panic- foreboding of what was definitely to come. Fighting the urge to laugh, Tony couldn't help but marvel at how life was a right bitch. Hitting him like this, taking away the ground from under his feet, when he finally thought he was starting to find stable footing. He thought about punching a crack in it, but then the lift doors opened, and Tony trudged on.
But first, he was supposed to look after the task at hand.
"What did you tell them?"
Day 3
Still thanking his stars that he hadn't drunk himself blind the previous night, Tony propelled himself off the building in the nick of time, as a jet stream of salivary fluid drowned the spot where he'd stood in the iron man armor not mere seconds ago. Taking flight mid fall, Tony spoke into his comm, "Vision, I have visual on four of these creatures. Friday, conclusions on scans, stat."
Time to distract himself.
It hit Howard in the forehead, right between his eyes.
Still, he couldn't yet go in there without thinking of him. He was making progress, sure, but he had to be steady. Take more steps than you can manage, and stumbling into the chasm is inevitable. So, he always went there only when he needed to work. The workshop used to be his refuge, his thinking grounds, but these days it was only a workshop. Nothing more.
Sure, it was from Howard. His mom's name was splayed in big letters over each of the gift choices. Tony still had them kept somewhere at his house in Malibu.
"That it?"
"-'Cause I don't remember if girlfriend material was in the programming or not." Tony quipped.
"Just felt like a break I guess. You know, wanted to spend some time feeling like I  was spending it and not utilizing it, even if for a day." Tony crossed the street, getting in the way of a cab, as the driver hurled insults at him. He just put up a regal middle finger, and kept going on with his head high.
Tony picked up his wallet, shrugged on a hoodie. He grabbed a pair of sunglasses and slapped on his digital watch. It read ten forty. Giving himself a quick once-over, he headed to the elevator. With every passing floor, Tony became more and more apprehensive. Should he just cancel this whole idea and go on with his day at usual?
Tony had engraved the mug using the ends of a screwdriver one day when he'd decided to take a break from working with his gizmos down at the workshop and come up for a cup of coffee. He knew the "coffee-rules". Each one, have one. Natasha had a plain white mug with "COFFEE" written in black. Clint had the same mug- contrasting colors. Bruce kept a solemn, quiet brown mug. No color, zero pep- that guy. Thor had a purple mug with  yellow lightning bolts on it, kept quietly in the corner- waiting to be occasionally used by its owner. Wanda had a red mug, plain and simple like Bruce's.
----------
Alcohol had become a habit.
"That's-that's err-" Tony berated himself, how pathetic was he, two flashbacks in one day? And what had he just seen? He couldn't even remember Steve's face during that time, his eyes were suddenly seeing so, so much red. All he could see now was a confused Steve, standing in a supermarket aisle, trying to spend some time and effort in making the recruits feel welcomed. Tony would've never even cared, not beyond necessary relations on the battlefield and niceties in his private life, before rushing off to do a thing followed by a couple more things. He could clearly see it- a confused Steve, not saying much once he realized Tony had lost his shit at a jibe he hadn't even known he'd made until Tony's bitch fit went too far. He knew, one oppositional comment from him, the supermarket would become a battlefield. And what had Tony done? He'd scurried off, extracting himself from a situation that he'd clearly started, but well, he was Tony.
Head pounding, eyes frying and insides squishing, Tony turned around the handbill. What was it still doing there? Tossing it away, he tumbled out of bed and into the shower and wondered how much he'd divulged last night. He knew it couldn't have been pretty, for sure. But then again, after having said everything (okay, maybe not everything), he felt a huge weight lift off his chest, leaving him lighthearted.
"It's the first time you haven't shown up at SI since the- since six months ago." She couldn't say Siberia. Couldn't even refer to it as 'The Incident'.
Tony's heart suddenly lurched in his chest. He felt like he'd discovered something in the picture, something almost unnoticeable. He stepped closer to get a better look, but the lights were too dim for him to carefully observe it. Taking out his Starkphone, he turned on the flashlight and reassessed the photograph.
"Are you alright?"
He aimed straight at Howard's face, taking careful aim.
Place: The Kitchen.
"No, the machine did. I just put in coffee powder and water, and voila! Coffee."
"Nice save there."
Taking aim, he threw the first paper ball, as it flew in a projectile, hitting the frame of the painting, not quite striking Howard straight in the nose.
"-averages per month, Friday-"
He truly was a man who had everything in the world, and nothing. Sometimes, he felt like giving his brain up too, with the rest of the things he cared about.
"Yes, boss?"
Suddenly, Vision's voice rang through.
So, what the fuck did he need to do to forget every fucking thing that still brought up shattering images in his mind in the middle of the day? He couldn't go on like this, it was too painful, too pathetic. And he was Tony Stark. A broken heart to deal with was just another hurdle he was gonna have to tackle, although he hadn't yet pegged the reason behind this constant emptiness filling him up at every waking hour on a shattered heart. He hadn't yet reached the final stage of acceptance. Far from it.
"Hey, Tony."
"How was the conference in Japan?" Pepper cheerfully asked, as she widened her arms for Rhodes to hug her.
Today's specials include a self-destructive, impulsive, shattered, genius and inventor Tony Stark, a la mode, served with a side of lawlessness, failure at relationships, and feelings dealt with ignorance and avoidance, with just a hint of regret, omnipresent pain somewhere in the left of his chest and a pair of haunting blue eyes.
"Alright, alright."
"All good, Boss. All good. Whatever are you doing in a supermarket?"
"Sure I am. I'm completely fine."
Deciding to make himself coffee, Tony, stumbled inside the kitchen, welcomed by the sight of his best friend hidden behind the newspaper eating cereal, the coffee pot waiting on the counter, enticing Tony.
Tony opened the cellphone.
But what Tony had learnt- actually learnt- was that it meant smiling like a jackass until the world isn’t able to tell where the lies on your face end and where the truth in your eyes begin. Thanks to an incomparable amount of practise, he’s perfected the art of suppressing his emotions, drowning them- in fake smiles, in meaningless nightly (sometimes hourly) company, in alcohol.
Yes, he could do it.
Tony just gave them a lazy smile, as everything around him dulled- first gradually, then all at once.
Yeah. They loved each other. Still loved each other. In their own special way.
Tony had simply written- "I feel like I've seen red and golden around somewhere else too. You are more original than that, I have faith in you".
Shit. Steve probably wanted to talk about what had just happened, Tony panicked at the thought.
"You know me, the more something bothers me, the more I try to bury and burn and annihilate it. But, I want you two to know, I never meant for it to happen. I never, ever thought things would get so. And trust me, it doesn't mean I'm just sitting here feeling guilty and didn't end up getting hurt in the process. Oh boy, did I lose."
Day 1
Sitting in his office, Tony clicked on the trash bin for another one of his spam e-mails. He'd replied to four mails from Pepper, one from a charity organisation for Cancer patients, two from Rhodey who was currently in D.C, on some dumb official job Tony replied he couldn't care to know about. He'd, however, asked him how his latest leg was functioning. All he'd gotten back as a reply was a- "Stop asking that dumb fucking question and send some hilarious GIFs of you from back when you were caught coming out of that club in Barcelona wearing a leopard print bodysuit with your hair dyed pink." Tony complied like the best friend he was, and also, the internet had tons of those GIFs. He'd proceeded  to answer another email from Peter Parker who, by the way, had been popping up in his mails far too often for Tony's comfort. This time it was about a new update he'd decided to make on his costume-  adding a little gold around the eyes. Metallic gold.
And the problem was exactly this- Tony wasn’t forgetting. He couldn’t forget the steely, unmoving eyes, the insurmountable pressure on his reactor, the hammering sound of his skyrocketing pulse and most of all, the cold, cold dread he was filled with, no matter how much, how far, how long he tried to drown it in alcohol.
All Tony had gotten back was a, and he imagined Peter's innocent face while typing this- "Well there's some blue in there too. You think blue and red is original?"
Pepper curtly stepped aside and whispered quietly to him, "Rhodey, he's been showing up at work looking terrible for the past six months. It was evident he'd been drinking himself blind the nights before, but no one had the heart to say anything to him. Even I didn't say anything because it was too...soon. But today was the first time when I spoke with Tony on the phone, he sounded normal. Sober. And now, I don't think he's really fine."
"Alright, alright." Tony laughed. "I'm on my way to a supermarket right now."
"Shit."
"It can always be better." Tony set aside his now half-empty bottle and got up to uncork another one and offered it to Rhodey, who nodded a thanks.
"Got it, Boss "
Today, all Tony could wonder was how he could've helped to prevent whatever went down in the footage.How he could've provided ammunition in the form of valuable information, how he could've been there and fought alongside
The payment and the checking out of the supermarket was a blur. He persuaded Carla to accept the tip he was offering her, which was, as she put it, "An appalling sum of five thousand dollars." Tony hadn't relented, he thought she'd deserved it a hundred percent. Finally, once he was out on the street, did he realise that the two large shopping bags were so fucking heavy.
"On it, Mr. Stark." Spider-Man gave a mock salute and swung away, shooting webs at the clamoring alien monstrosities. Tony flew behind him, shooting tranq darts at their bodies until their eyelids, which were shaped like the shutters of a camera, started closing in on their golden irises. Vision quickly saw to it that these aliens got back to where they came from, as he levitated them off the ground, and into the inter dimensional portal that was starting to close. Iron Man removed the rubble weighing their bodies down, allowing Vision to easily carry on transporting the lizards.
His promise to not bruise his mouth only lasted a few moments before he had to reach down to grip Steve’s head, holding him down as he thrust up into him. He groaned, feeling blissed out and almost drunk. Simply the idea that Steve was doing to him and for him was enough. It could’ve been the worse blowjob he ever received and he still would be ready to sing praises (of course, his Steve was doing a very good job) just for the idea this was Captain America pushing away his inexperience and embarrassment to pleasure him.
“You had me spewing curses, lost control over not mouth fucking you, and I came hard down your throat. Yes, babe, you did more than ok.” He kissed Steve’s forehead. “Shit, you really pick up things fast.”
Tony was a sword. He was sharp and penetrating. He was there to hurt and control and ensure a victory.
“It’s fine. Don’t feel upset.” Steve turned around and held Tony’s hand, feeling a bit braver after sharing such intimate parts of themselves. “Jarvis mentioned you’d be late?”
Grinning from ear to ear, Tony’s hands roamed over Steve’s firm stomach, “You don’t think it’s sexy?”
“I can’t go into detail, but he is a bit confused about you.” He thought it best not to say clingy and carried the burden of a crush that was really hurting Steve’s heart. “Which, you have to admit, is fair.”
“Oh good, you’re short again.” Steve noted when they separated for air, providing a cheeky grin.
“I get the feeling I have no choice in the matter.”
“He can take as long as he wants.” Tony finally couldn’t stop himself and went over to the table, pressing a few holographic buttons to open up the middle and the shield slowly rises up. He looked over it with longing and contempt. It was such a symbol of what Steve was and what he went through; chipped, weathered, and used. The metal was, of course, holding up, but the slick paint job showed the horrors of war.
Arriving in town took less time than expected. Steve thought it due to the company. By the time they made it into the town everyone was up and moving. There was more life than there had been the previous evening. Most everyone was polite with nods in greeting and a few more waved to Sam’s direction. None approached them as they pulled to their stop before Sam’s bar where he hid the coach away when not in use.
What?
Groaning, starting a slow bounce, Steve nodded, “If I don’t make you come first, that is.”
“I think I’m starting to get it.”
Clapping his hands he got the group’s attention “Thor, bring them in. Now! Everyone, time for fun. Lights, camera,” he could not fight the eager grin spreading over his face, “action.”
“Or it is a coincidence.” Steve tried.
"Stark, sir," one of the alien lackies greeted with a respectful bow. For the longest time, Tony had wanted contact with others besides Thanos but once he got it he was severely disappointed in how dull they all were. He could see why Thanos never chose any of them to take his place. Weaklings who needed, and desperately searched, for a leader. Sheep.
“It is good for team-moral to share.” Thor argued back.
“I maladaptive daydream. You know what that means? Basically I have very detailed, vivid, all swallowing daydreams. I create a new reality in my head. And I have daydreamed about you fucking
‘Mine.’ He thought and glee washed over him. The dear Captain would not get to see the peaceful world he worked so hard for but Tony gave it to him none the less. It was not much, but it made Tony feel proud. He had done something for the hero no one else had. Only he thought of the fallen man. Only Tony had the means and power to accomplish something this grand. Only Tony gave one fallen Steve Rogers a gift of peace.
“Good lord, Tony.” Steve covered his face again.
“Oh, oh god.” Tony gasped as he slowly approached the sleeping man on the bed. He stumbled, briefly, but managed to make it to the bedside with no other issues. The room smelled of stale medicine and science and for once Tony could not appreciate it. He wanted to smell the soap and sweat and humanity of this creature. This stunning, alive, breathing human. “He’s so young.”
“Sir, people are starting to arrive. Pizza will be delivered in approximately forty-five minutes and Thor has begun to sneak around you bar.” Jarvis interrupted, much to the dismay of the genius.
“Dumbass top.” Steve retorted easily, sharing a smile when Tony beamed. Of course the smartass loved it when he kept up with his sarcasm. “But, if we ever want to give it a try…we know how quickly I recover,” he tilted a brow, “wonder how it would be if I just rode you until you pass out.”
“I found Captain America. Alive.” Pepper finished once she realized Tony was lost in his thoughts.
“Nah,” Tony stretched out his back, getting rid of the last traces of weariness from waking up, “Shower time.”
Of course, the shower took a longer than it should’ve since neither could keep their hands and mouth off of each other but Steve did finally manage to get down to the gym level for his run and Tony made his way into his lab to get ahead on some work.
Tony stepped closer, "I know some of you tend to willfully forget how smart I am. How dangerous I am. I do my part to help you to forget, to show you I am more than a man in an iron suit who has billions in his bank because I have hyperactive brain. Natasha has shown us she likes soap-operas, dogs, can eat banana and peanut butter sandwiches every day without tiring, and is an encyclopedia of nerdy pop-culture references. Clint would drop everything to be a full-time dad if it wouldn't drive his wife up the wall, that his daughter is the biggest daddy's girl known to man and would have a herd of ponies if she asked, wife’s wrath be damned, and he has an unhealthy obsession with everything organic and chickens. What are you, Cap, outside of being a fucking shield?"
“It’s as I said, Steve.” Tony leaned closer and his voice dropped lower. “You’re so very special to me.”
“I’m gonna get a Totoro. It’ll go on the other arm.” Clint continued as if he hadn’t heard his best friend. “The kids will love it.”
Tony sorted, it sounded like he was trying not to laugh, “And of course he fell for Nat.”
Hands grabbed at his waist, halting his movements and pulled him back tightly to a firm body. Tony's thick arms wrapped securely around Steve and his head pressed softly against his neck. "Shhh, just take breaths. Deep breathes. It's ok. It's ok."
Steve spun around, reaching for a knife but found there was no one there. Again.
Steve turned his head away from the window, the moving earth, and back to his
Sipping his blue drink, pulling it away in a bit of surprise at how sweet it was, Steve provided a smile to Clint, “I feel like I may be saying something idiotic but that actually sounds fun.”
Doubtful they shared any positive merriment towards Steve and their present situation. So, it unsettled something within him to be on the receiving end of the gift. But why question their thoughts and methods? It never got him anywhere. Usually, it earned him a sharp smack of a cane or bruising grip on his wrist.
“Ok, ok…” Steve tenderly placed a hand on Tony’s hair. “Fine.” He smirked, “We’ll just table the conversation for later. OW!” He glared down at Tony who had bit him on the shoulder. “That may need to stop.”
Steve looked up eagerly as a familiar man stepped into the room.
Getting hit by a train was probably more delicate than the orgasm that smashed into Steve. He screamed, he wasn’t sure if it was Tony’s name or just a guttural wail of pleasured agony, but he swore everyone in in a two-mile radius heard him.
The image, brief but now caught in a silent picture, was of complete heartbreak and regret. The pain on Steve’s face in that second was something new to Tony. His expression was open and raw and so very, very broken.
"Morning." Tony breathed out in awe, always taken aback by the sight of his husband. Basked in a golden light, his cheeks flushed pink, and his hair in a desperate need for a haircut. His feet were bare and he was in a ridiculous apron with Snoopy Dog printed over it that was splattered with blueberry pancake batter. "Beautiful."
Steve looked around, no words coming out of him for a few seconds.
“Tony?”
The assassin grinned. "Oh, that is a deal."
Tony still did not move, much to Steve’s miserable frustration. “I think you best apologize.”
The former attic was basked in gold with all sorts of trinkets moving about, flasks bubbling with some sort of concoctions, and journals and leather-bound books sprawled around in a comforting mess. There was a red and gold rug, richer in color than any that had adorned the floors of the Pierce’s brownstone, laid about with papers strewn on top.
Her annoyance melted into a smug smirk. “Him.”
“You will need to teach your bride better. Had he learned to not fear his own wants he might have handled his first selfish encounter better.” He gave Tony another pat, “Sometimes being too good has its drawbacks. Your bride meant you no harm, heir, he was just blinded by what he had been told was good. He was crushed by it.”
Steve's eyes turned sad, "Will you still be my Tony? Are you still there?"
“Not just your father,” Steve tried to comfort. “I was surrounded by scientist a lot. When I wasn’t surrounded by soldiers that is. They all talked like that.” He gave a breathy chuckle. “I’d be forced to listen about neurology and chemical effects often. I picked up a few things but mainly I just learned how to appear like I was listening when really I was sort of sketching things out in my head.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Certainly seems fair given his former playboy-ways.” Steve wondered if it was fine they were still talking about Bucky. Though, truth be told, Tony did not seem to really hold anything against Bucky—Steve had found the two of them chatting pleasantly on multiple occasions, which just crushed his heart to little bits. Because it was only Steve still had an issue with.
“Well,” he licked his lips in nerves. “I can say, honestly, I was not expecting my imagination to answer back.”
“I…” Steve looked down at himself. “I wasn’t aware that the serum was that important.”
“Oh.”
“Maybe one day…I am still figuring these babies out.” He held up his wrist with the stones. “They serve me but there is still so much to unlock…but while I figure that out for you, how about the next best things?”
“We’ll figure it out.” Tony waved him off, “Point is, free the bunnies and cage the war monsters.”
“You’ll allow me to do anything to you. I can…let go. You’ll let me lose control on you. I want that.” He was struggling getting the words out. “I want to just become an animal and fuck you.”
"What exactly do you do now?" He waited for a brief moment before he titled his head, "My guess is you won't say."
“Just cause you assigned yourself role as Vodka Aunt doesn’t mean everyone else can too.” Tony then tapped his chin. “Maybe he should come study with Steve. I’m sure they’d both love that. Certainly keep the two from bouncing off the walls for a short time.”
“But look at him, Pepper. Fuck, if he had been captured…” His teeth snapped together and a noise that sounded more animal than man came out of his throat. Steve was a symbol of everything good and pure. He was beautiful and powerful and a message of hope. Had an enemy, especially those as sick as Hydra, had gotten lucky…the things they would’ve done to him…he snarled.
“Not you Stark. We all know you’re as pansexual as pansexual can get.”
“And it still might very well be. There are other possibilities at this moment in time that you need to keep in mind. Might I make a suggestion?”
“And here we go.” She said as she took a swig of beer.
It was too much and Steve found himself falling once again.
“No.”
“Hmm, beautiful things, aren’t they? Fickle though. Not just power…but personality. Some can use them but not all can control them. You need to be picked for that.”
"And sorry for, uh, ever saying anything to you about your dad." He looked away. "I don't know what happened but Natasha suggested I don't pry or anything. So, I'm sorry about that."
Her smile in return was feline-like.
"Yeah, uhm...and this is Natasha's and this is Bruce's. And this...erm," he motioned to the lightening blue stream of numbers? Were they numbers? Maybe...it looked like a weird set of numerical gibberish. "Thor's in his language. The translation was a bit hard to narrow down on earth-day. The one next to it, October 8th, is the closest day we could get. I gave up on the year."
Steve blinked at her then groaned, “Fucking hell.”
So…why was he not floating on cloud nine and eagerly thinking about their night out?
“I’m your babysitter.” She said evenly.
“Oh, Steve.” He sighed, stalking over to the fallen man, oblivious to the creatures bowing in terror before him. “Of course you tried to get out of bed yourself.”
“And the introverts have met.” Natasha called out.
“Whoa, you’re getting all mature on us?” Clint held up his hands in awe. “Power has changed you, Stark. I don’t think I like it.”
Tony stared at himself in the mirror, taking in his appearance. His torso was thick with muscles, like it was cut from granite, with scars trailing a jagged path around him. He finally had his goatee back though there was no grey to be found, something he strangely found himself bitter about. The wing-chun had had obsessed with for years had evolved into abilities he was sure were no longer quite human Something terrible and lethal. He knew thousands of ways to kill a person painlessly. Tens of thousands of ways to kill with agony. All with his hands alone. A blade felt as a part of him as a screwdriver.
“You’ve known Tony a while.” He guessed.
Groaning, he tried to get comfortable, tried not to think of ghostly arms or the new surroundings or how hungry he was, but his mind continued to talk to him. He groaned miserably.
"So was I."
“Tony…” Bruce, finally speaking, gave him such a pitiful look that earned a sneer from the man. Carol stepped up behind the scientist, glaring a threat if he made a move on any of them.
“Blueprints.”
Another was of Steve from behind, peeking over his shoulder as he sketched something out. It was of the beautiful woman, now known as Peggy, and it looked so gentle.  For a moment Tony had wished his hands could create art like that rather than little robots and schematics. At that moment, Steve’s art looked far more inspiring.
“Play what?”
One moment he was blissfully swimming in nothing and the next he was sitting up, panting. His heart was pattering so quickly he worried his ribs would soon crack under the pressure. His skin was covered in goosepimples but he was sweating as if he broke into a fever during the night. There was, however, no sweat staining the sheets yet, as if it had started the moment he found himself awake.
“And I think you’re being willfully ignorant. Now…wonder why that is?”
“That is not some sort of exaggeration. I am being literal. It has become rather customary.” Tony interrupted before Steve could start a rant. “I am no Succubus, but there is something in my blood and power that make people wish for a physical union. Pheromones or some lot that reaches into a human’s primal brain and lets them know I would pleasure them and be a perfect lord and husband.”
A piece of cement fell from the sky and crashed against the street a few yards behind Tony. Steve peeked around and then looked at Tony with a tilted brow and his first crooked smile. "Right. Good place."
“Where’s a blaster? I’ll shove it so far up his--” Thor covered the raccoon’s mouth to get him under control.
“He’ll get experience once he gets an A in Lit. I don’t care how dull he finds that class. He doesn’t get to come on these missions when he is a genius and he’s getting Cs on essays.” Tony huffed as he ran a hand through his hair.
He'd promised to give Tony anything. He just hadn't imagined something like this would be so hard.
Perhaps if he tried the fantasy could become truth because he wanted Steve as far away from any political or physical battle for the rest of his life. He had already served his country, already died for it, and his duties were over. Tony wanted Steve as an artist, not a solider.
“So I take it you don’t wish to have my present guest on the list?”
“Whoa.” Clint blinked owlishly through the video. “You have Captain America. THE Captain America? You’re gonna FUCK CAPTAIN AMERICA?”
“I could never be lonely with you, babe.”
“It’s amazing PR.”
“Doesn’t hurt you are a bit of a sadist.” Steve murmured, closing his eyes and enjoying the rewarding sensation of Tony filling him up completely. “We do fit well together.”
“Uh…yeah, not gonna work. And I’m Steve, not…” He sighed and tried to get up again. He managed a few steps before his knees hit the ground again. “Ah, dammit. This is taking longer than I thought.”
“Steven,” Pierce snapped and pointed to the front where the driver was located. “Move. Now.”
"Tony, seriously." Steve rubbed his face. "Burgers again? You need to think about your health more."
“That’s literally what I called you.”
“Right, ok, Nat.” He smiled but then it dropped. “Can I ask you one more question?”
“Will do, Brucie-bear.” Tony said. “Leave them by the door and keep in the back. I won’t check in again till their silent for you.”
“Your morning person energy is disgusting.” Tony grumbled rolling off of Steve but still kept his arms around him. He still smiled as Steve turned over so they could face each other. He would never get tired of that sweet face with those gentle blue eyes staring at him every morning. “Were you always like this?”
"The same," Thanos repeated. "You believe that?"
“Yes. And no, you’re not giving up organs for experiments either. You’re staying in one piece and you’re going to be safe and you’re going to be happy. You’re not going to be an experiment.”
“Right, well, right, it’s not fine.” He conceded with a nod. “But I honestly cannot do much now. Things are just the way they are.” Steve smiled. “Nothing can be done quite yet.”
“I love you, you know. More than I have loved anyone else. I’m just sorry I’ve struggled to really show this to you.”
"About...how we met and on the airship," he even looked up at the sky as if he would see it again. "I was wrong. You are a man who will cut the wire."
“How much influence…how much control does this man,” the image froze of Bucky grasping onto Steve, leaning against him, his expression calm in comparison to the ache upon the blond’s. “Have over your bride?”
“I spoke to the mail carrier. We can only really expect mail on Tuesdays and they do not make home deliveries. So we, uh, I will need to go there myself to check for anything.”
“I could’ve sworn you invited me for coffee.” He grumbled, hoping beyond hope that the terrifyingly brilliant man did not see anything.
“That you apparently have dealt with people who just…” Steve motioned to Tony. “I mean, you are handsome and I guess power is attractive…but just…hello, want to skip off to bed, no need to share names—you’re nice looking enough?”
“Ooh, I like that.” Tony grinned. “Let’s also look at getting my initials on him. TS somewhere…ooh maybe his thigh.”
“It…he’s…he’s spectacular.” Steve admitted. “You wear something else? Something better than this?”
Steve nodded, bowing his head, and looked down, “Yes sir.”
God, he desperately missed his beard.
“Big guy will have our help from Asgard by then. Maybe you two,” he pointed between Natasha and Thor, “could get together and come up with some new techniques for the audience’s viewing pleasure.”
“It was recent for you.” Tony argued as a shock shuddered through his system. It was literally days ago for Steve. Days ago he was in World War II, suffering from medical abuse by people he trusted, lost a dear friend, and then killed himself to protect the world. “God…baby, are you ok?”
After a few moments he found his balance and some strength and was back on his feet.
“I get you to say those magic words for me.”
“Poor little thing,”
Tony had warned him that multiple people from his group lived within the Tower but he hadn’t told him any were around. He had also failed to inform Steve on who was who.
Steve gave him such a look, “You’re the one who is literally putting your hand down my pants,” Steve reached round and grabbed Tony’s wrist, preventing his fingers from going lower on Steve’s backside, getting close to grabbing a cheek. “You’re still being perverted.”
“You have one yourself, darling.” Tony purred and pushed himself back onto the larger man. “Fuck, you are adorable.”
It would’ve been far more romantic to feed it to him while Steve was awake but, alas, not meant to be today.
“There you are.” Zemo huffed when Steve turned the corner as he made his way to the front door, “You were up there for two hours…father was growing  impatient.”
“A-And…what is it?”
“Oh, oh my darling little heart. What a treasure you are.” He stared at Steve with heavy-lidded eyes and a lazy grin that promised something sinful. “You actually thought
“Yeah?”
Tony’s hands roamed over Steve’s chest, his face flushed and eyes slightly dazed from lust. “Guess for my bad boy that is something. I look forward to you riding yourself into ecstasy but this is about my rules…though fight to fuck sounds like another delectable possibility.” Tony gave a dangerous noise that made Steve’s stomach flip. “A rough bout to see if you get to ride me or if you have to lay still and
“Where is he?” She tried again, glaring.
Steve laughed, "Yeah, we reached the half-way point a while back."
“Boo. You’re no fun.” Tony did not sound upset by any means. He preferred babe or darling, but wouldn’t let Steve know that. It would make for a nice threat.
Sometimes because of him.
He quickly pulled back, not wanting to touch what didn’t belong to him.
“If this is bad, please just let me know so we can talk about it because you are making me a bit nauseas.” Steve confessed. “Is it…bad?”
Tony let out a broken groan. He was just too cute.
Thor did as asked, laughing as he did so, and pulled the man back up to his feet. He slapped Clint’s back, nearly knocking him back into the floor face-first.
“He thinks Hydra is gone."
"Of...well, everything. Important. Vital. That I shouldn't forget."
“Yes.” Tony’s voice got tight. “You fine with submitting?”
“So, talking…to the best of our abilities.” He went back to looking awkward. “I have…I have an idea on what I want but I am worried other things may be discovered…and, well…”
'Think like him. Think like him. He'd get through this. We're almost done, Rogers. We're almost there.' Reopening his eyes he felt power within him swell and a familiar sense of calm confidence thrum in his chest. He could not forget who all of this was for and how even the last second details needed to move with him in mind. “We’ll assist with the medical request without issue but none of the development or deliveries is made without Stark Industries or an Avenger present. I wouldn’t put it past some of our new allies to try and disrupt the process to try and hurt my image. Or steal the work placed into it." His knuckles popped as he clenched his fist. He loathed when people touched his things. "This request is going to make us look even better than before as long as we are successful. So, Barton, this is yours. I want you to assemble a small team of at least five that you trust to keep the supply chain of our vaccines and cancer research secure.”
Tony was nine, about three months later, and his father gave him the best birthday present by taking him into his studio and began to play old videos from his time in the army and during Project Rebirth. Most all of the videos were of Steve.
His grin grew.
"Because I...well, most all of them are from my own choices. I shouldn't let myself to ever forget them and what I did."
"To the point it may kill me?"
“I’m trying to.” Steve muttered. “I’m not sure how good I am at it.”
Why on earth would Steve need anything like that? He had everything he could ever want. Tony spoiled him at all chances. Freedom just meant better chances of pain, of someone stealing Steve, and taking him away.
“I’m surprised you’re not more grateful. You say you wish to kill me, yes? I am training you for this very opportunity.”
“I-I don’t know! I mean, I think you do b-but if you have been…I-I don’t know abused or-or cruelly treated or--”
For the first time in a long time Steve felt tears prickle at his eyes, dripping over and trailing down his face.
Well to anyone but Steve himself. Almost everything out of Tony’s mouth, when not an explanation or something sarcastic, was a compliment so heavy with feelings that Steve would turn into a weak tomato.
“I can get use to you looking at me in such awe.”
“Best not get used to it but yes, to you Anthony Stark, and your great world domination.” She drank her own champagne.
Tony stopped typing to dig his hands through hair and keep his throat from raging with screams. “It feels like Steve is always in danger. Yesterday, I worried about him with a toaster.” The man was curious but handled the item easily and without much startled awe. It was just another new thing to learn about and handle. Tony had been a wreck believing Steve would touch it and burn himself or unplug it and electrocute himself dead. His paranoia had earned a look from the man as he ate his toast calmly.
“No matter how good you are with your dick, you will not get your way with everything.” Steve warned.
"You? Nat's favorite? Over
The coffee was exquisite and the bread was as sweet and dense as cake with syrup sugar and honey. It was soft on his tongue and was bright with spices. It reminded him of fall and it made a good attempt at warming him from internal terror that had chilled his bones.
“True.” Tony read over the files again and groaned. “Ok, he’s hired. But he’s getting an intense interview to make sure he understands he is not here to do anything but heal my Steve.”
“It will work with you. After all,” His hand rose with the damaged gauntlent gleaming with the stones. “We have all of time at our disposal.”
Ignoring it, Steve unloaded the luggage to the front foyer of the home. He kept his head down to not get distracted by the newness of it all. The light was slipping down the horizon and twilight was upon them. There was a chance of more snow throughout the night so they needed everything brought inside beforehand.
He paused on the ascent to look out at the skyline of New York. His city.
“Just waiting on your word. Clint has us hooked up to appear live to the designated individuals…all of which received your invitation to watch.” Natasha listed off. “Thor is keeping our guests occupied, Bruce has the tools and syringes prepared, you’ve made sure that no matter how long we drag this out we won’t get tracked, and Peter has sworn to me he will head straight home after-school to study for his Literature test tomorrow.”
His dad had said so many times growing up.
“Oh,” Tony held up his finger as he turned to walk out. “Right. One more thing, Wilson.” He smiled up at him and it was painful to look at; sharp, hungry, and angry. “Don’t argue with me again.”
“Liar.” Steve reached up and gave a seductive lick under Tony’s chin, making pathetic little noises, anything to tempt Tony to start moving. “You want to force me to be good. Can’t do any forcing if I don’t act bad. You already showed you like punishing.”
There was no smell of mold or dampness. In fact, Steve swore he could almost smell a hearth and metal.
“She wants a Powerpuff Girls Lego-set.” Clint ordered without an ounce of gratitude.
“No!” Tony snapped, clinging to the young man. “This is my side.
Steve just laughed some more, "Should I take insult?"
Tony now flipped her off as he disappeared into the hall.
Her shoulders eased down, her worry lessened somewhat. “He’s ok.”
“Daddy,” Steve was about to start sobbing.
"For what?" Tony spat.
His mouth closed.
“N-Nat?!”
It was far less than half of the family’s original belongings, some clothes, books, and heirlooms they were not ready to part with, but it still took nearly thirty minutes of wasting daylight to put everything in sturdy tight. Before the fire and the suit, the Pierce family had more than any on their old neighborhood and now most everything could fit upon a single wagon.
He gave three painful thrusts of his hand, smiling again when Steve flinched. “There you go,” he twisted his hand in a circular motion, back and forth, and held Steve down when he kicked out, his body starting to spazz slightly from the onslaught of sensations again. “That’s it…let me give you everything, Steve. Just take it.”
The dark hair man snorted, “Not everyone. I don’t want everyone to. And it’s your own fault. You’ve probably lost thirty pounds.”
Steve looked away and back to his plate. Tony wrapped his fingers around the wrist and felt his pulse. It was fluttering wildly. Tony had to bite back a grin.
“Well, do remember the history of madness, dear heart. They do get their consequences.”
, so good. So fucking good.”
“Don’t toddle on getting to it, Steven. We can not be expected to run on such little fumes.” Pierce noted.
“He thought the family had money and gadgets literally filling the walls?”
“Well,” Pepper approached with a knowing smile, “You look a bit out of it. Anything on your mind?”
“I don’t feel like that is a good thing to be called right before…uh…”
Rubbing it, the ear felt normal enough but something about it felt itchy.
His father could complain all he wanted. The idea of ruling sounded so dull. All he wanted was Steve and their family more than anything else.
Bucky just sulked some more.
Tony brought his face closer, glaring, “Good.” He hissed and then kissed him, shoving his tongue past the full lips to consume. Pushing Steve back, he began to slowly grind their clothed erections against each other.
“They were best friends.” Tony said, his voice soft.
Another video was of Steve just smiling and laughing with the other man from the picture. And Tony knew there was something special about a smile like that. He had never seen someone with that expression. He hadn’t realized until that point that he had never seen a genuine, kind smile before. Tony used his astounding memory to memorize it.
“And you need to unload everything. Don’t pay the man for anything more than bringing you here.” Pierce dropped a few coins on the ground and then snapped his fingers. “Hurry up.” He then walked back inside.
“Ok…well…ah, shit.” He groaned and then rushed after the man. Luckily, or maybe FRIDAY was on his side, the elevator stayed open and Steve jumped in. It was suffocating and silent for the next ten seconds as the elevator brought them down to the labs.
“Yes,” Tony smiled but it did not reach his eyes. He felt sick at the sight of those tears desperately clinging to the pretty blues. “I hope to help reduce the need of trees and coal within the next three years because of this thing. Also reduce the carbon gas and smog. I made some pretty spot on calculations and I think from what I learned, within the next twenty years, I can have almost the whole world off fossil fuel. At least for households.”
The billionaire took a side-ways glance, went back to his work, before his head snapped back to fully look at the image. “That’s a tattoo.”
“No…maybe three years.” Tony confessed. “Enough time. There were so many opportunities and he chose not to. He picked someone else. He lied to me. He’s a liar.”
“Yeah, money can do that.” Tony smirked. “So, let’s get started. We all at least want this Avenger tattoo on us today. I’ll talk with dollface here and get him set-up for another appointment once we decide what he’ll get.”
Tony saw this and gave him a warning look, which only earned a grin.
There something did catch his eye, even though it was nothing of a surprise; it seemed his room had direct access to the attack level. There looked to be a door right across the foot of his bed. He hadn’t noticed it the night before, but it was dark and he had been freezing and exhausted. Besides just a bleary peak around, Steve had gone straight to bed in preparation for his shopping trip.
