"Yes."
Guilty, guilty, guilty, his mind rang out. It made his stomach turn. He hoped his brother answered, he needed something else to fill his mind besides his own thoughts.
"I'm glad you like it Cas, but that's just a little bit of the surprise. It's just gonna set the mood," Dean said with a cocky grin, pressing play on the tape player, and the music played softly.
"Juicy," he murmured, his eyes opening slightly to cast a sinful glance at the angel.
“What’s bugging you? You’ve been acting like a jerk,” Sam clarified with a snort. Cas sighed, rubbing his eyes in exhausted frustration.
Cas felt as though he was being examined like a zoo animal. He didn't like being suddenly under the microscope of scrutiny.
Cas just grasped Dean into a hug. "Yes, you're right. This is very real."
"I quite literally just explained that you're forgiven. Look, he's happy."
The angel hesitated. “It’s just good that you don’t care about that,” he said slowly.
A few days later, Sam and Cas found themselves back in the library. Cas had switched over quietly to researching not how to help Jack coax out his powers, but how to hide them. He hoped to find something substantive before talking to the Winchesters about it. He knew if they found out he was trying to help Jack suppress rather than to resurface his powers, they would be very unhappy.
In the midst of Dean taking another 3 steps backward until he hit the table as he prattled on, Cas instantly closed the distance and grasped Dean by the collar of his jacket, nearly lifting him from the floor. He got close enough that he could feel Dean's breath on his face. The hunter shuddered, thinking Castiel was about to beat the hell out of him.
Cas couldn’t help but chuckle. “Yes.”
"Oh?" Cas looked confused. He kept looking at the slice of pie, then back at Dean, cocking his head.
"But," Dean continued, opening and closing his fist and breathing deeply, "if I had powers like you, I bet I would've tried some stupid shit to fix my mistakes too. If I could pop back in time I never would've let Gadreel into Sam's head and kicked you out. I would've figured something else out. And the Mark… and
Dean shot him a sharp look. "Why did you do
“‘Bring about the end of suffering’, pay fucking attention!” Dean shouted. Jack began to fuss, turning in Dean’s grasp and grabbing for Castiel, who took him whispered reassurances in the tiny pink shell of his ear, and kissed  his cheek absently. Dean looked as if he was ready to throw a punch.
Cas smiled softly, putting a hand over Dean's. "You are bisexual. And I encourage you to talk about that as much or as little as you like with as many or as few people as you like. Those who love you already understand you. Those who would judge you don't deserve to know you. You were right, you know. You don't owe anyone an explanation. But if it feels good to say it, I think that's good."
Cas shrugged with a small, challenging smile. "As you wish."
Dean could practically hear Cas's air quotes.
"Most of the music you like is well older than that."
fly now, though. Since The New 52 relaunch," he said.
Sam sighed. He didn’t want to be the one to talk to Dean about this, but he was clearly going to have to. After a particularly irritating round of pen clicking, Sam spoke up.
Of all the reactions he'd imagined, this was not on the list.
GUYS I JUST NEED TO TELL YOU THAT THIS IS THE MOST SELF-INDULGENT WORK EVER WRITTEN, BUT THIS CHAPTER REALLY PUTS THE SELF-INDULGENT ICING ON THE SELF-INDULGENT CAKE so please just be aware of that. I think it's pretty good, but I'm aware that it is wildly long and over descriptive. I love you all and hope you can forgive me for that and my constant run-on sentences!
Dean couldn't help but laugh. "You really took it to heart when I told you not to change all those years ago, huh?"
Dean chewed thoughtfully before sayinf, "I guess what I’m sayin’ is, I struggle with accepting that I'm worth forgiveness, right? But you, you struggle with accepting the fact you fucked up at all. You’re this… ultra ancient celestial war strategist, right? You think it all through. You feel all solid that your plans are backed by eons of experience and carefully thought out. You’re always blindsided when it doesn’t work out, y’know? But me? I rush into shit headlong and figure I’ll pick up the pieces after, no hesitation. It’s just when I turn around and see how broken I left it that it hits me.” Dean kept eating like he hadn't delivered a personal epiphany to Castiel.
Cas tilted his head again. "What 'stuff'?"
Cas nodded, smiling at Dean fondly. "Yes, it is."
Late that evening after a day at the park and driving around listening to Dean's music, Jack finally rested his little head. He'd been a bit overstimulated from the day out and missed his afternoon nap. Now he was sleeping soundly.
"Perfect, you're perfect for me… You're doing so well, Dean," Cas uttered sinfully. He put in another finger, and Dean cried out, "Cas!"
“Dude, I love you so much. And papa, too.”
"Dean?"
I really cannot thank you all enough for reading this crazy, unplanned excuse for a fic, haha. It's basically the world's longest and most disorganized headcanon, but you have all just been so receptive and sweet and engaging - I am so glad I got the guts to post the first chapter. I had truly planned to delete it the next day, thinking it wasn't very good and no one would like it. But kudos and comments poured in and you've motivated me to keep going.
“Well yeah, I know the kid is going to do a good job, of course. I just want to know if he’s going to be happy.”
"Sam said you never had a birthday party. I thought that was sad. So, we decided to throw you one," Eileen said.
"It's not stupid. I wanna see," he said quietly, but with a certain intensity and stubbornness. He took a step closer to Cas and gently took the glasses out of his hands. He put them back on his face, looking at Cas stubbornly. "This is going to work, Cas."
"Why did you do
"And then you got stuck in the past where Chuck was still after us because soulless Jack beat your ass and still killed her? You risked yourself like that? Not to mention the fact you travelled back to when Chuck could have ganked you in half a damned thought if he caught you?" He heard his voice was unsteady, gritty.
“Sorry, Kev,” Sam supplied. “But the guest bed is all made up for you.”
Dean lifted his knees for a better angle, and Cas instantly hooked his ankles beneath them. Dean adored those moments when the angel just knew what to do, what felt right. The foreplay and the pillow talk could be kind of awkward at times with Cas, but when it came down to it, he knew what to do. These times where Cas wasn't thinking, he was just natural and loose and seeking what felt right, these were special and they were only for Dean. And knowing he had that connection, that natural instinct with Cas and no one else did thrilled the hunter.
"I have never taken care of you the way I wish to," Cas lamented. "You're too stubborn."
"Makes it easier," he muttered.
"It is true that my heart belongs to another. I never imparted my bite to them, however."
Sarah took their orders and the night progressed. The couple talked and laughed easily. Dean was worried at one point that one of the other customers might have something to say, but if so they kept it to themselves. Dean winked dramatically Cas as he used his foot to stroke along the angel's lower leg, which made Cas smile shyly.
Dean craned his neck up, taking in the amazing sight.
"No, no Cas. I mean - she likes dudes and chicks."
"Yeah. Yeah. C'mere," he said, grinning, pulling Cas into a kiss that was full of passion and excitement, unrestrained and unguarded. Dean's hand cradled the back of Castiel's head, fingers curling through his soft hair, breathing him in and relaxing into it. Dean's other hand touched the angel's face, stroking the scruff. Dean's breath became heavier and he deepened the kiss.
She held up a finger, pausing under the mistletoe. "First - kiss me like Dean kissed Castiel. It was romantic."
Dean spat out a bitter laugh. "Yeah he does, he does. He didn't wanna be around me. He wants you. Loves you. He hates me.”
Dean let out a peal of laughter at that. "No one, Cas. It's a really old stupid joke. There's no one else here."
"I want to cook for you. You enjoy food so much. I can give you gifts of food if you teach me how to do it well. It must have some nuance to it because it clearly involves more than just heating the proteins to a certain temperature."
“Oooooohh, spill the fucking tea!” Charlie squealed, tapping her finger tips together like a mad scientist in a cartoon.
"Too fast," he panted in protest, squirming and gasping.
Dean just looked at Cas as he recognized the song with a flat look. He slowly blinked twice.
"Fine, and
That didn't sit well with him.
"I know you do. I love you too. But...you don't have to-," Cas said as if it was the last thing he wanted to say.
he told himself.
Cas looked down at his clothing. "Thank you," he said with a slightly awkward nod. Cas wasn't sure how a whistle would convey that, but he decided Dean would know better than he.
“But-,”
"You didn't violate anything. Got it? You had a dream. You're not used to 'em. You're
Dean shook his head. "That's not true."
“Cas, am I feeling your feelings? D’you feel proud? And earlier, did you feel shy?
Rowena was generally all for conflict - she reveled in it and thought the brothers put on a relatively entertaining brawl - but she wasn’t in the mood. She had plans for Sam tonight, not to mention the fact that this was a fairly dire decision, not just for the baby, but for the whole world. And not that she was willing to admit it, but she was quite fond of baby Jack.
Cas searched his mind, but shook his head. "I don't understand that reference."
"Sleep, Dean. I'll watch over you."
"Figure if he gets jealous we can see if he wants to try some solids, y'know?" Dean shrugged.
They did not catch any fish that day, but they didn’t mind. The memory they made was well worth scaring all the fish away.
I also want to send big thanks to my beta reader,
“Of course, Dean. Tell me.”
“Kevin’ freakin’ Solo indeed,” he murmured to himself that evening with a smile. “Smart kid.”
Cas, on the other hand, had not forgotten.
Dean grabbed the angel's face, eyes wide. "Look at me. No, Cas. You didn't do anything wrong. It was… fucking incredible. You're perfect."
He thought it was kind of strange he hadn't heard or seen from anyone since he got home. He trudged around the bunker, looking for Sam or Cas, or Eileen. She didn't stay all the time, but she had spent a little more time overnight with Sam since Christmas. The thought made Dean smile. He liked to see Sam with someone so smart and badass. Eileen was incredible. And she made Sam get out of the bunker and do normal life stuff, like the ASL lessons and taking her on dates. It was precious.
“What was that, dude?” Dean asked slyly.
The meal was going quick, which slightly appalled Castiel in one sense, just because he'd done it the human way and poured hours of labor into the meal, but also made him feel happy. It felt nice to make something people loved and could enjoy with him, even if for him it was just molecules. It meant more knowing that the people he loved enjoyed something he'd labored over for them.
Cas began roasting it with the careful determination of a warrior of God. With that level of focus, he looked like at any moment he could snap and smite something. It was kind of endearing and...kind of hot, Dean thought. He was always turned on by his partner's general badassness. With a sigh, Dean admitted to himself he was clearly not going to get any attention until Cas's s'more craving had been satisfied, so he decided to make another for himself.
The sensation and teasing continued for what seemed like forever. Any time Dean would get close, it seemed like all the sensation would stop suddenly and completely until the threat of orgasm receded, then Cas would start all over.
boning an angel right now, because he's been gone for over a fucking week, and I don't know where the feathery bastard ran off to or if he's even okay!" The older Winchester slammed his drink onto the table, his ire and fear reignited with a vengeance.
"Kick off your shoes, Cas," Dean instructed, and Castiel did. The hunter unbuckled the belt and slid his fingers just inside the waistband of Castiel's trousers.
, how many ancient manuscripts have you deciphered and interpreted?" She asked, inspecting her fingernails.
Cas frowned slightly, but nodded. He couldn’t deny how tired he was. He settled in close to Dean, throwing a leg on top of him. The hunter fell asleep not long after. They were a tangle of limbs all wrapped up in one another, but it felt like home. Dean fell asleep feeling more confident and comfortable than he had in a long time.
“Yeah! Do it again buddy!”
"Fuck, Cas!" Dean yelled in a mixture of pleasure and shock as he began to shake and waves of pleasure rolled through his entire body. Come leaked endlessly down the wall he was pinned to and onto the floor. The hunter moaned deliciously.
Dean grimaced. “Cas. Did you just call me
"And, now that I'm… a powerful omnipotent being… I don't need to worry about my teeth, so please keep some cereal around for me."
Dean strained against the grace bonds, wishing he could grab Cas.
"Hot? My temperature, or my appearance?" Cas asked, standing at the end of the bed, looking down at Dean, sprawled out and flushed, giggling.
Dean grimaced slightly and pulled away, striding over and taking a seat on the bed.  "I, uh… well, I want to. But, um. It's hard - um, tough to get going sometimes with guys. Some good memories, but mostly memories that make me feel… spent. Uh, dirty."
"Well, all these years later I still say the same thing too,” Dean snarked a little, then softened, “not in my experience. I've had a lot more proof of bad than good, Cas. Can you blame me?"
“Certainly, Dean,” the angel said coldly, "if that's what you prefer, we won't talk about it at all," and with a flapping sound, he was gone.
"I think breasts are... fine. They're warm and soft, I suppose. I like that, but don't necessarily prefer it or think about them much."
"Yeah, we should! That's what I was gonna say," Sam replied, chuckling at Dean's enthusiasm.
Castiel chuckled, shaking his head l, and then sighed. "Kiss me, you fool," he said in a low tone, unable to keep the want from overcoming his manners and his eyes flashed omega blue at his love.
Dean blanched and was silent for a moment. "Why did you think that?" He asked quietly.
"Yes, it's perfect. This is all perfect. Dean, he's going to have an amazing childhood."
The angel took the baby and gently placed him back in the pack and play, sparing an affectionate stroke in his sweet round cheek. Jack squirmed and sighed slightly, but remained asleep.
Dean decided he was just going to have to show Cas he wasn't afraid or fragile since he wasn't hearing it. He began with soft strokes on the wings almost as if petting them firmly along the top arches for a while until Cas was twitching them impatiently.
"No, I like my PS2. It was a good birthday gift, you hit it outta the park. Why can't you leave well enough alone?"
," he sighed, pausing for a short time, looking off at the hellebore, focusing in on the beautiful verdant leaves amid the other dull colors. "I think it's because… I don't ever want it to end – happy or sad. And...I think it's because I never got to enjoy the beginning or the middle,” he grated out bitterly, sticking the twig he was fiddling with into the ground over and over.
1. Back to December- Taylor Swift
"Uh, just… take off your shirt. I'll leave mine on if you want."
"I gave you notice."
"He isn't pickin' up,' ' Dean muttered. His brow furrowed and he frowned, worry etched onto his face.
“I win,” Dean laughed, pinning Cas against the door and shutting it in one motion. His mouth was instantly on Cas again.
Cas shrugged. “Fine.”
"Music? What are you talking about? You're crazy," Dean chuckled.
have a halo.”
"You can't heal me, not this time, sunshine. The guys, gals, and other pals at the shop saw me get cut and know I had to leave early to get it fixed. I can't just show up tomorrow all healed up."
"It's a lotta rabbit food, but you don't know what you like yet. You could be like Sam. That could be your thing too," Dean explained, lip curled in disgust as he folded the menu. He chose steak with no side salad and a double side of mashed potatoes for himself.
After catching up over dinner Sam and Dean cleaned the dishes , while Kevin spread out the photocopies on a table in the library. Once the dishes were dealt with, everyone gathered around Kevin to listen to what he had discovered. The symbols meant nothing to the others. Dean watched, absently bouncing on the balls of his feet while holding Jack, who was dressed in a pair of stretchy fleece buffalo plaid pants and a grey fleece hoodie that kept dropping over his eyes and making him fuss slightly. Cas reached over occasionally and pulled the hood out of his eyes. The staticky material made his nearly-white hair stand on end, and the sight made Cas smile in spite of the palpable trepidation in  the room.
"You are the greatest happiness I have ever known. Yes," he said in a tone that made a sweet warmth bubble up in Dean's chest at the weight of the adoration.
PLEASE be aware that there are a lot of dark themes in this fic. I will say that they are explored briefly and in the past, but this is different from the other works I've posted before, so I want you to be aware of that ahead of time. <3
Sam chuckled with a slightly baffled expression. “I think I told him that like… Years ago.”
After a moment of thought, he looked at the hunter, locking onto his eyes. "... Dean. You do know that if I knew what you needed... I would be sure to give it to you, whatever it may be, to the absolute best of my ability. Is there something you’d like to share with me, perhaps?" Cas was surprised to hear his voice so low and earnest. Internally he winced at the naked vulnerability that poured out of his throat.
for it tonight. The hat, the Sexy Eyebrow Look, a new position, these fucking
"What?" He said turning to the two women. "You guys helped me with the spell and came all the way here, and you're convinced that easily?"
"You don't let me down, sunshine. You… well, you lift me up," he muttered, barely audible over the noise. He bit his lip and he felt his cheeks get warm with a blush.
Cas smiled and nuzzled closer to Dean. “No such thing as perfect,” he murmured. His voice was low and fading into an exhausted slur.
“It just means Sam. I didn’t want Sam to interrupt us.”
"I… get… so very angry when ads appear on my phone," Cas said as an explanation.
"No, Dean loves Jack but I think it would be quite a stretch to think he'd listen to him. But if
Dean shrugged. "Yeah! I mean, whatever comes around is cool."
"Alright."
"Why are they black now? What's so bad about that?"
“You are a fool. I told you so many times I hate all that finery. Finery and fanciful things only serve to distract us from what is truly valuable. And I value you.”
Cas did take them home and after they spent some time just holding each other and basking in the closeness of spiritual afterglow, they spent the remainder of the day out in the garden. Miracle nosed about in the big yard, occasionally chasing a squirrel or bird joyfully before coming to see what Cas and Dean were doing. Cas did have to advise him at one point that he would prefer that he didn't dig in the garden, which he seemed to respect, albeit dolefully.
Once they filed out of the room, she looked at him. "Alright. Say what's on your mind," she said, peering curiously at him, the playful tone gone.
Many thanks to my partner in crime, certainwonder for the beautiful art! Send them some love
Dean grimaced. "First words I've heard from you practically all damn day."
"He's his own man, Sammy. Nothing I can do. He wants to sulk, he wants to get piss drunk, there's nothing I can do to stop him." He said, feigning apathy with a shrug and terse grin.
Cas protested all the way, but Dean wouldn't hear any of it. Finally, after several sustained minutes of argument, the hunter sighed.
He was doomed. Cas knew he was painfully enraptured by a man that could never return it and that knowledge ached within his chest deeply as he hummed an Enochian lullaby to the babe in his arms.
“We already have a kid. He’s God. I don’t wanna pick favorites. It’s hard to top God.”
Castiel tilted his head and furrowed his brow, studying Dean. "Why?"
Dean jerked his attention back to Cas
They cautiously bit into it at the same time. They looked at each other, looking excited.
you," he said, another tear spilling down his face, captured only in the glow of moonlight through the windshield. Cas didn't think he'd ever wanted to hear those three words less in all his eons. It felt like a gut punch hearing it now. Dean reached out a hand for Cas, which the seraph hesitantly cradled in a loose, diffident grasp.
Cas nodded. "Joyful crying, then? I've done that before."
anything when you get a gift. You just say thank you and enjoy it. It just means I think you should have something you like, that I wanted you to have something you like, because you're awesome. You're Cas, you're...mine," he said softly.
But looking at Dean, Cas could see something was wrong. His smile did not  reach his eyes and it felt like his actions had slipped from passionate to mechanical.
At some point, Dean wandered off. After Jack fell asleep, still entirely unresponsive to Cas's constant requests and pleading, he went looking for him.
"He was fine, so I figured he was bored. Babies don't care what you say, but they like to be yakked at, like, all the time."
Still, however high the stakes may be, he could not help but steal moments away to visit with Castiel. Today, he resolved, he would seek him out. Castiel Novak was not difficult to find. He worked tirelessly for a man of great means, Charles Shurley, a writer and the owner of a publishing company and printing press. Mr. Shurley had a lovely home and he named it Eden. As the home was named Eden, it only fit that it should have the most majestic and romantic gardens.
"It's fine, Cas. I'm being safe! We can do this. I wanna touch your wings, I wanna
"Ooh, I got this for Jack - but kinda for you too," Dean said, digging into the garbage bag of clothes he'd gotten at the garage sale.
Dean slowly took the length into his mouth with a low hum, sinking down deep, savoring the way Cas stretched his mouth and the heat of him. The hunter hummed as he adjusted, leaving Cas gasping softly.
Dean stilled at that. He breathed a ragged breath and his eyes became shiny and bright. Jack cooed softly and pulled on his ear, but he didn’t react.
. It was the amount of time we needed
Dean turned away slowly toward Cas' room, a bit more unsettled than when he started his search. He wondered if the bunker walls weren't as thick as he'd promised the angel last night after all.
"Oh, yes. I am quite aroused. I thought you could tell. Can you not feel my erection? I can feel yours," Cas inquired casually. Their soft sleep pants and thin boxers were leaving very little question.
Dean listened for a while, taking in the words. "This song is really damned sad, Cas," he said softly, his brows drawn together in concern and thought as he processed the words.
"Ok...Cas, buddy, you gotta wake up."
"If you're gonna feel guilty every time we go at it rough, I'm gonna feel guilty asking," Dean said, letting his fingers run softly down the feathers of Castiel's wing.
The hunter came with a violent shout, desperately grabbing the sheets until they came loose from the mattress, spurting come all over the pillow beneath him.
“I’ll hum You Need to Calm Down next time,” Cas said, looking at Dean with a solemn gaze.
Dean let out a growl and launched himself at Sam when he heard the shutter go off again.
Cas lifted his brows in interest and nodded. "Yeah. Yes," he huffed quietly, leaning a little closer as he observed the hunter.
Dean laughed and Cas changed them back, sulking a bit.
"It's a way of saying you're smoking hot. You look awesome."
Eileen looked a little pale and haunted, but Rowena was as pleased as punch as she recounted it all.
"And I'm your dad and I said no," he said.
Cas had coaxed Dean out of bed early enough to watch the sunrise, but Dean stubbornly fell back to sleep under the umbrella for a bit afterward. Eventually, he woke up and got into the water with Cas for a while, leisurely kissing and holding him in the water.
Dean chuckled, but Billie’s face remained as dispassionate and humorless as ever.
Dean nodded slowly. "Any, uh… any other freckles I should know about?" he purred.
Jack crawled into his lap and snuggled into him at an angle that Dean imagined was very uncomfortable. Dean was still aware that Cas was glaring at him with his arms crossed, but he couldn’t really take him seriously with all that snot on his shirt right now.
“You know, you could be sweeter today if you want me to call you goofy assed names. ‘I don’t like your molecules, you look silly’, blah blah blah,” Dean grouched as he stood up. “Ugh. I am filthy though.”
! You can reblog the art directly
"Hey bitch," Charlie smiled and smacked Dean's back enthusiastically upon her approach. "So you baby trapped Cas, huh?"
," Cas said, looking back at his book and chewing on more peanuts.
Cas had already been in a pissy mood. This remark had him slamming the bowl in the counter and spitting, "You're just as disrespectful as the day we met."
Dean sighed at the use of grace, but immediately after he let out a light chuckle and drew Castiel in closely, placing a kiss on his jaw. Cas sighed in relief as well as pleasure, then Dean placed another kiss below his ear, then suckling little kisses and soft love bites down along the angel's neck to his collarbone. He gave Cas a cocky look. "I'm feeling pretty wonderful, Cas. How are you, hmm?" His voice was dripping with want.
Dean scoffed. "Sounds like goddamn wedding vows, Cas," he muttered.
Cas smiled. "No, they aren't. The things inside you that you used to be afraid of… they are all made of love. It's all love," he said with a wistful smile, spreading his hand out over Dean's heart affectionately.
Cas set the last of the holiday supper on the table. He looked at the room full of people sitting before him, who were all smiling expectantly, for a few moments. He blinked slowly, not enjoying the focus.
"You are not well enough," he said, but his voice was shaking with the romantic disposition he tried and failed to hide.
Dean snuggled into the warmth of the feathers, closing his eyes with a smile. "Okay. You win," he said reluctantly, stroking the feathers softly and taking in the scent and feeling content.
"As you wish," Cas said, rolling his eyes.
As the day got hotter, they went back up to the beach and sought shelter under the umbrella, snacking and drinking water.
Jack smiled at them all, waving. "Hello. It's nice to meet you all. Merry Christmas. Or happy Chanukah! Or happy Kwanza. Or happy solstice! Or - or well, happy holidays. There are so many good ones."
Dean smiled and made a waving gesture as if to bat away the concern.
"I feel like maybe you should ask Cas about it, not me." Sam said, walking back into the library with a chuckle.
Cas nodded with a vaguely amazed, pensive look.
"Yes, look at that," he groaned, touching the spot, "See, I
"He's really sweet," Sam said quietly with a soft laugh.
Dean scoffed and rolled his eyes as took his shirt off and neatly set it on the chair in the corner. He walked over to Cas and began removing the trenchcoat.
"What are you doing?"
"Yes. I told you. I like them this way."
“I - ah, I don’t want to think about that - her. Ah… No. Never had fellatio,” Cas said shortly.
"Get. Off. You nerdy little dude."
Cas watched the hunter in awe. Dean had transformed from a disgruntled asshole to a tender, smiling caretaker in seconds. Here he was, chatting softly at Jack, looking at him with a soft smile. Dean looked like a different person. It was nearly alarming.
“You’re fine you big lug, just like I said. Go take an ibuprofen or something,” Dean said afterward.
Sam sucked his teeth. This called for bigger guns. "Uh, you stay here. I'll be back."
"Looks like you two had a good time," Sam said, eyeing the hickeys they were both sporting and their mussed hair with a chortle.
Jack shrugged. "Do you want to watch this with me?" He asked with a small smile, gesturing at the laptop.
“You and Sam will have to watch him while I go,” Dean announced.
," Cas blurted forcefully, which made Dean laugh.
"I must be truly near death," he muttered raggedly between coughs. "Either I am as delirious as Sammy tells me,or you have come to finish me off."
Sam and Cas looked at each other in surprise. While his tone seemed to indicate frustration, the question seemed promising.
make bacon cheeseburgers."
"Do what?"
"All the best ones. The Hobbit, The Chronicles of Narnia, Chronicles of Prydain, The Once and Future King, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland… the must-read classics!" she chirped proudly.
"So you have a little soul and I have a little grace," Dean said, in awe. "Yin and yang."
Dean chuckled, looking at Cas, giving a low whistle. "I'm gonna remember how quickly you said that. Kinky perv," he said with a waggish smile. The hunter got up and went to his closet, grabbing the Stetson Cas had given him.
"It's only a calf, perhaps two or three years old. Although the rest of the pod is nearby. No reason to be frightened," Cas said, swimming up and petting the animal.
“So have you heard of this prophecy those dicks were yapping about?” Dean asked, placing the burgers into the hot pan with a satisfied smirk at the sizzle. His smile widened  when he saw Kevin close his eyes and inhale the scrumptious smell.
“So your faces don’t make expressions, but your magic fire and your arms do?
, Dean thought.
Love to the patient, organized, AWESOME mods of the DCBB as well!
As it stood, there was little chance of that happening.
Dean looked at Sam as he chewed a mouth full of food. "Yeah, whatever," he said, although it sounded muffled and garbled by his overstuffed mouth.
Cas looked at him pleadingly. "I could try. I would do anything-,"
"You're pretty good with him," the hunter said after a moment as he watched Cas gently hand the bottle to Jack.
Cas nodded. "For now. I will watch you closely."
Dean waved him off with a sheepish grin. "Alright, take care of that and, uh… merry Christmas," Dean said, awkwardly leaving the room with a proud grin at his little brother, who was marveling, weepy eyed at the tiny circle of metal in his oversized palm.
"I don't know. In the next few months I think. I wanna plan it out and get things right."
"Uh-huh. And you healed him?"
Dean sighed, his eyes wide, face hot from blushing. “Cas, what the fuck man? Everything is fine - now can we please talk about this later? Or even better,
"Um… yes," Castiel answered, not confident at all that he got it.
"You're not fine. Let's eat. Take your time. I can fix this," he muttered, stabbing his fork into his steak a little too hard.
Cas had given him after he'd found the oil glands... Cas had been so patient. However bad Dean wanted him right now - and oh, how he did - he was pretty sure that without Castiel's unbreakable angelic composure, he'd be practically feral with lust.
“Don’t be embarrassed. It’s awesome,” Dean said, touching Cas’s face.
“Mmm? The thing I - oh. I just - it’s a trick I know.” Dean didn’t know how to explain that right now. He just wanted Cas to do exactly what he was doing and not stop.
"Well, my hands are full here. No," Sam chuckled.
“Ohh. Yes, you’re so hot inside.”
It took a lot of coaxing to get them to both wind down, apologize, and get back on task. Several hours later, Dean deemed the place safe. Everything that could possibly open was covered in plastic locks or straps. The base of the stairs and the entry to several rooms had plastic gates that barred access. Tables and hard edges had foam padding and every piece of furniture that could move was strapped to the wall.
"Do you want this?" Castiel asked in a suddenly soft voice, but not relenting his brutal pace or grip, pumping Dean's cock madly. The contrast between the angel's harsh, uninhibited actions and the insecurity in his voice had Dean panting and helpless.
- ugh,” Dean griped, eating his breakfast.
Sam smiled. "It's good to see you happy, Dean. You both deserve it, you know."
Dean chuckled. "You're supposed to be in charge when you tie me up."
"Well, good. That's good," Dean said, feeling happy tears threatening to form in his own eyes, wishing he knew something better to say. He dipped down and wiped the tears from his angel's face, taking in his features and drinking in this moment.
Dean leaned close to Cas's ear, nipping softly at it. "Of course, man."
"You can see them? And your eyes aren't burnt out?" Castiel asked, incredulous.
Dean worked a brow at him. "Whaddya mean?"
Dean wanted to take his mouth off the gland, but seeing Cas this
"Okay… what's up?" Sam's stomach flipped. He wasn't sure he wanted to hear whatever Dean was going to say.
," Dean said, pointing at Cas.
The hunter was never able to keep from making encouraging, salacious sounds for Cas, and this was no exception. Low rumbling appreciative noises were coming out of him as if against his will.
"Maybe one of us could be dad and the other could be papa. I hadn't thought about it."
Cas thought for a moment. He opened his mouth and then closed it again. He focused on what he was doing as he thought about his answer, brows drawn together as he carefully chose his words.
"Maybe they're partaking in more group sex." Cas offered. Dean made a half-impressed, half-disgusted face.
And then the angel fell still and slack in Dean's arms, collapsing backward as a bolt of searing light shot up into the blue sky.
“Here. A book about babies. Study up, nerds.” Dean said, shoving a copy of a parenting guide into Sam’s hands. “You read it after him, Cas.”
They stood there like that for a long time, observing Jack in comfortable silence. The only thing that disturbed this was the longing, the silent unintentional prayers from Dean, thrumming through Castiel like fire and drum beats.
ending every other week anymore would be this scary," Dean chuckled, closing his eyes as feathers tickled his cheek.
"I have won," Cas said smugly after removing the blindfold. "Admit defeat."
"Ugh, okay. How about… 'Princess Leia'? You said you weren't into her."
The amusement didn’t fade from Dean’s face, but a spark did light in his eye as he looked at Castiel. “Hey, can I ask you something?
Dean shoved Cas onto the bed, climbing on him eagerly. He began by kissing him thoroughly, unable to keep from smiling into it. Cas desperately breathed in the musky, leather scent of the hunter like it was his lifeline.
Dean chuckled. "Awh, you want me to pet you!" He said in a teasing tone.
Samuel met him outside and gave him a few pounds, which Dean promised to pay back with interest.
Dean secretly thought these moments were the most wonderful moments to see Cas - when he was joyful and nurturing without having to overcome the awkwardness of angel-human dynamics, because though this entity before them may be God, to Cas he would always be a child.
“If it makes them happy that's all that matters,” Cas said absently, reading a romance novel at the kitchen table.
Dean truly did want him too. Cas felt butterflies in his stomach at the thought.
might piss him off though."
"We can't stay in the kitchen. Come with me." Dean said and turned to go to his room, giggling like a teenager. Cas eagerly followed him and as soon as Dean shut the door and the lock clicked in place Castiel pinned him bodily to the door in a bruising kiss. Then he pinned the hunter’s arms back with angelic strength and yet was careful not to hurt him in the slightest. Dean succumbed to the feelings engulfing him, so warm and intoxicating and amazing. There was a security in Cas’ strength and the human simply reveled in it.
“Dude! Did you eat the rest of this while I was on the phone? That was like… thirty seconds!” Dean said incredulously.
Dean chuckled and let out a breathy, rasping sound that made his chest vibrate beneath Cas. It made him tingle all over. It made him shiver.
"Hmm?" The only response he could muster.
"'S okay, Sammy. You know I'd never hurt you," he winked and pulled the trigger. The shot hit her in the shoulder, causing her to drop the blade. It clattered on the metal of the landing. In a moment, Sam picked the blade up and even as the blood trickled down his neck in a small rivulet, he grasped it with two arms and brought it down toward her with a roar.
Less than an hour later, Dean and Cas were alone on a beach. They were clad in offensively bright neon swim trunks Cas had bought - orange for Cas and green for Dean. Cas had a duffel bag and an umbrella slung over shoulders and the hunter was manning the cooler. Dean even had them dressed in matching Hawaiian shirts which didn’t match the trunks whatsoever.
"That’s ignorant. It’s the furthest thing from death. It’s the most living someone can do.”
"DEAN!"
"Oh, yes" Cas moaned, a raw sound from deep in his throat, stopping Dean's thoughts and sending them down another track. Dean felt his dick twitch, which surprised him a little since he'd just come. "You like that, Cas?" He whispered, his voice thick. "Yes, Dean, yes. Please," Cas growled out. "Please what?" Dean said mischievously, letting his fingers run slowly through the small feathers from the top of the wing, following the direction of the feathers all the way to the long primaries near the bottom. "Don't tease me," Castiel growled under his breath testily. Dean laughed, then started again from the top, even slower, holding Cas’ gaze with a wicked smirk.
"But you shouldn't be. Dude, that's a good thing."
Cas gave him a puzzled look. "I don't believe so?"
"Man, I'm not gonna be freaked out. It is… it’s my job to see freakier shit on a daily basis. Alright, so you're big and made of light and eyeballs and fire and you have a hundred wings and eight heads –
Cas was all too happy to oblige. He could smell the scent of Dean permeating the air in the room. Leather and autumn and a musky, intoxicating fragrance that had him feeling drunk. He kept moving, gradually increasing the speed and intensity, studying Dean's reactions no matter how minute and doubling down onto the things that produced the most intense response.
Cas frowned and thought for a moment. "I don't think that's it. I think we're afraid to lose the happiness we've worked so hard to attain."
, that doesn't always mean you shouldn't do it. Sometimes weird stuff is, uh... fun."
They sat awkwardly for a moment.
"They've been in love for… years. I'm just glad they admitted it. I didn't think Dean would ever admit he was into guys, forget his best friend."
"You have never asked."
"You shouldn't be. I shouldn't be. Just some times I am anyway. It's not bad to have kinks. Just sometimes it's… y'know, uh… scary, I guess to tell people about them when you worry they might not like those things and maybe they freaked people out in the past."
! That way the EVERYBODY can see the beautiful work they did and maybe just maybe they'll peep at the fic! If nothing else, it would let certainwonder know you loved their work on this. <3
. Stop pretending this 'crap' isn't real and that you don't understand it. And I know you know Jack better than that too. Don't be a jerk."
"As could I."
The arms moved to flip him off, dozens in an artfully coordinated unison, flipping him off all together.
"Yes," the angel affirmed with a warm smile.
"Hmm. Okay, yes," he admitted. Dean lifted his eyebrows, mouth still full, and gestured for Cas to keep speaking.
He collapsed on Dean, absolutely spent. Cas lifted his hand from the man's eyes. "Mmm, Dean, are you alright?" He gasped, panting. He pulled out and Dean groaned at the loss, then rolled over to lay beside his hunter with a satisfied sigh.
Dean shrugged and massaged the back of his neck. "Well, I mean we won't. We aren't. You're an angel and I'm…pretty weird myself," he chuckled, shifting back and forth, grinning sheepishly. "But…this is good, what we have, right? And like you said, we deserve a happy middle and a happy ending. Let's enjoy the happy middle. You wanted a date. We can be weird people that do normal things sometimes. Well, if you wanna. Um… Do you still wanna? Go on a date, I mean."
“Dean,” Sam said with a serious look as they approached the bank of the green-blue water, “I gotta tell you something.”
Cas began his task. He didn't understand why Dean was so shy suddenly. To him, it didn't seem different than cleaning his arm or leg. All of Dean was beautiful to Cas.
, do you? Or you would not bring
"So… you don't. You're just hoping," Billie said flatly. Their voice dripped with a vague, unimpressed disgust.
Dean nodded eagerly, putting his hand over Castiel's. "Yeah, I do."
Cas heard a twang of regret coloring his voice.
Cas stood behind Dean and very gingerly grasped his wrists, then lifted them to brace against the shower wall. He then gripped Dean by the hips, moving them back toward himself.
Cas stroked his back softly, probably too tenderly. "No. He doesn't. He doesn't hate you," he reassured in a soft voice.
"Mmhmm," Dean said eagerly, popping one eye open to look at Cas.
Cas sighed. "I either don’t understand or you used that reference in the inverse.I may understand where the references come from now, but I rarely understand their relevance."
I worry this might be the chapter I lose some of you. I think of it as a happy thing that the brothers would live separately, even if Dean is having some mixed emotions for now, but I know I've seen the fandom pretty divided on that. If that's not your happy ending, I'm sorry! <3 But I hope you'll stick around. I think you'll really like where this is going for all of them.
Castiel stood to meet Dean's eye. He knew Dean was saying it was no problem, but he could only look at the normally vibrant, energetic baby and see his lethargy and fussiness as an expression of suffering. If Dean was hiding a concern about Jack from him, he would pry it out. He'd promised Kelly to take good care of Jack. He wasn't going to let Dean keep secrets about him.
Dean chuckled. "Not
Cas just smiled. Dean let the moment sink in. It was true. Cas had bucked the very will of God and fate and omniscient power, just to love
"What?" The hunter asked, looking suddenly pale. His eyes were wide.
The angel just furrowed his brow.
“Uh-oh,” Jack said, his lower lip quivering. His face was covered in something sticky. He had pulled a bag of groceries off the counter and stuck his fist into a bakery fresh apple pie, which was currently dripping out of his little fist and down his tummy onto the floor.
Cas was taken entirely by surprise, unsure of what to do with his hands since they were covered in honey and busy holding things, but passionately returning the kiss to the best of his ability. He tasted hot tears in their kiss.
At that, Cas let out a joyful, relieved sigh and smiled warmly. "That makes me very happy. You can speak now if you want. I just wanted to appreciate you like you deserve," he said as his cobalt eyes raked slowly over Dean.
"Not me."
Cas didn't say anything, but he melted into the embrace, breathing in the hunter's scent and trying to calm down.
"Maybe. Maybe pan. Maybe just exploring. I dunno. Don't get to decide other people's labels."
Dean nodded slowly. "Thank you, Sammy," he whispered.
Dean slowly took his clothes off, for some reason he found himself absentmindedly folding them neatly and placing them on the counter. He didn't mean to be doing it, his mind just sort of felt like it was on auto-pilot. He straightened each wrinkle and got absorbed in the texture of the fabrics, but his mind was replaying his failures.
Dean blinked owlishly, then smiled. “You useful little nerd! Awesome! You’re getting a lore degree!”
What he didn't say to Sam is that he felt a deep aching fear the second Cas disappeared. What he didn't say is that he knew he fucked up. He didn't say that he hated Cas leaving, and he was too proud to call him back, and he didn't say that he was going to pretend everything was fine.
Dean cleared his throat. “Yep. Balance. Chuck and Amara skedaddled. There’s a big empty space where they were and I’m sure you’re more aware than anyone that the angels and demons are scrambling and scrapping for who gets to fill it.”
----------------------------------------------------
"Shut up. It's a normal call." Sam blushed and looked away sharply.
“I had my hand on your dick, Cas, what about that makes you think I don’t feel like it?” the hunter snapped.
“I’ll take that as a yes,” Dean grinned, and he began to read The Hobbit. Jack was asleep before he’d read three pages.
“Papa Cas, the human chew toy!”
Dean was silent. “Uh… I guess I said it wrong.”
I also want to send big thanks to my beta reader,
That image did it for Dean. "Oh,
----------------------------------------------------
Cas smiled in satisfaction at winning the argument and moved his hand from Dean's lip to cupping his face softly.
"I haven’t. I enjoyed it when you did it for me. You did such a good job."
Oh, and if you wanna chat, you can mssg me on tumblr or Twitter @ minxyone93! =]
"Oh, my head aches. Perhaps we should try again?" Cas said, tentatively.
"Don't be ridiculous. They're perfect and do not correlate with age or gender."
Jack laughed at all the jokes and ate almost as much popcorn as Cas, leaving very little for the hunter. Jack decided that Mal reminded him of Dean, which the hunter liked very much, and thereafter kept quoting Mal regularly with a proud smile. Cas asked Jack who he identified with most, and Jack couldn't decide. He pointed out that being Alpha and Omega made it hard to pick one facet of himself to identify with, so in a sense, all of them. He eventually settled on River Tam as the most relatable.
-Cas's Birthday
"C'mon, honey," he said in a low, smoky tone. "Let me see what you got."
not used to having a warm body next to you while you dream. I only woke you up 'cause I didn't think you would be happy if… y'know… you finished your dream to see me there. That's a personal thing."
A quick summary of how Jack (our sweet baby cinnamon roll of a God) swoops in deus ex machina style and conveniently saves the day, which I recognize is crappy writing and story telling, but since that is not what this fic is about I refuse to apologize for it. If you want to simply move ahead without reading this, that's fine too, just know that this is where I just completely ditch canon and say "fuck it, happy endings all around" except it's more of a happy beginning situation because, dear readers, it is not the end.  ; ]
Dean shook his head, thinking. "You live near the Gas 'n' Sip?... I didn't see any places to stay around there."
"I dunno, he's a weird little dude. Uh, I'm gonna turn in, too though. Big - uh, big night," he said with a chuckle and a parting wave before following Cas.
Dean felt waves of intense confusion and strong emotion rolling through him.  It was so strong it was physical. His stomach was full of butterflies and his head was swimming.
Dean shrugged. “Really good?”
"Really though - don't tell Sammy."
"Have you preened them?" Dean asked in a soft murmur.
Cas sighed sadly a moment after he ended his rage induced lecture. “Dean, I’m sorry. This isn’t how I want to communicate with you.”
Dean sighed with a grin. "I know, Cas. It's fine. Do it already."
might not want to manipulate him, but brothers are kind of like that, it's different."
Dean skidded into the library in his robe and a pair of socks covered with pizza slices in an argyle pattern. The belt of the robe whipped wildly behind him until he found his balance and came to a stop. He peered curiously at Jack, then leveled an accusatory glare at Sam. “What the hell did you do to him!? Why’s he puking bubbles?”
molecules in my mouth and I didn’t spit. Never took you for a quitter, Cas.”
"I lived countless eons knowing exactly what I needed to do. Heaven gave orders. I followed them. Do you not understand the appeal of not knowing what comes next? It used to upset me when I first rebelled. The not knowing. But now I find it exciting. Even more than the not knowing, I feel that having the open unknown before us and the only thing I know for sure is that you and Jack will be with me when we explore it… that's exhilarating."
"I don't want to wait anymore either," Dean admitted.
Dean felt a little dumbfounded. He forgot how completely Cas understood him. "Yeah, Cas. I'd like that," he said, feeling the dread that was gripping his heart lighten just a bit.
Dean was bright red from his ears to his shirt collar, still covering Jack's ears. He opened his mouth and snapped it shut before finally angrily stage whispering, "That's moving along pretty fucking fast, Cas. No one goes from a cute little tongue tango straight to slurpin' gherkin!"
"It isn't cold this time and no one will come. Remove your clothes," Cas demanded.
"Well, do you think you are? Married? You 'talked' for a while out there. Are you married to Cas?" The younger Winchester demanded with a smile.
Castiel still stood frozen, holding the enormous flower arrangement as if it was his only an anchor to the earth as his head swum with all the fears and yet his heart soared with all the possibilities.
"I loved my dad. I really did, I still do. I mean, I love him. I idolized him, and did everything he said. But… Cas, I think…” Dean choked on a sob. “I-I think I also hate him." The hunter took a long breath out, like he was releasing a painful secret, and clasped his hand over his mouth as if to trap the words, shocked at his own admission. Tears coursed out of his bloodshot eyes anew.
"Dude, it's Pin the Tail on the Donkey for fuck’s sake, chill out," Sam giggled.
physically painful to Dean.
," he said, thrusting the glass back to Cas, who simply raised his eyebrows and chuckled as he took it from him.
"A roux?"
That left Dean just a little breathless. “Well, uh, hell yeah,” he chuckled. "Uh, what - whaddaya have in mind?" Dean asked with a gulp, half from anticipation and half from nerves.
Cas had turned away. Sam started to tear into Dean, but the angel didn't hear any of it. His eyes were fixed on Jack.
Eileen strutted up to Rowena’s side, crossing her arms and looking down at Abigail, waiting for her to speak.
-Dean & Cas at Pride
Dean felt a breath that he hadn't meant to be holding flood out of his lungs. He grabbed Castiel's hand and tried not to shake as the relief flooded through him. "Why is he human? What happened to his grace?" He asked, choking back the tears that threatened to spill. His body was vibrating with emotional release and he was feeling so many things it was hard to know exactly what he was thinking.
"Uh… no. I
"What? What, Dean?" Cas didn't know how to soften his words, so he simply snapped. It came out as harsh as the pain in his vessel's chest felt.
"Come on, Cas," Dean said impatiently, mean-mugging his brother. Cas practically ran into Dean's room and the door slammed shut behind them.
Later that night, Jack was sleeping soundly in his new room and his two dads held hands as they watched him sleep.
intend to share you with anyone," Cas growled, licking up Dean's neck and biting his earlobe, making a low sound in his throat that Dean shivered in response to.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean nodded solemnly. He sipped a little more from his beer, deep in thought. Then he barked out a laugh.
Rowena seemed to notice his change in demeanor. “Och, Papa….How sweet. You’re sad watching him grow up. That’s normal, dearie. It’s normal,” she said with a sympathetic smile. She patted his knee as he sat with his legs crossed, watching Jack suck up his courage and determination.
“Well, alright then!” Dean said, breaking the silence with a wide grin. He clapped once in excitement. “Operation Neverland is still a go then!”
supposed to 'state it explicitly'!”
"All done with this side, Cas," Dean said, standing and coming around to stand in front of him, starting with the scapulars of the right-wing and working outwards. Cas closed his eyes and hummed in appreciation.
Abigail lifted Sam up and pinned against the wall. His head bounced against the bricks with a sickening smack. "I'll enjoy killing you," she hissed and snatched the blade from his hand.
Cas sighed, but couldn't stop his lips from twitching upward in a slight grin in spite of himself. "True enough. You should lie down," Cas said, guiding him to the bed. "Dean, I'm worried this will be very painful for you."
The two lay there on the bed for some time, panting and languorously stroking one another and enjoying their new union.
"Sam," Cas whispered later that afternoon, urgently pulling the hunter aside. "I need your help."
"What was it though, after six months, that made you want to see his true form so badly? I'm curious. And if you won't give me any juicy tidbits, at least give me that," she pouted.
"Oh, hmm," Cas murmured as if he found it passively interesting, suddenly picking at a loose thread in the comforter.
Dean grunted and gestured rudely at Sam. “You’re fine. I looked at ‘em. Walk it off, dude.”
“Why?”
That was when Cas realized he'd had it all wrong. Dean didn't drag him out here to build up his own courage. He was trying to push Cas to open up. It seemed that perhaps he was not as patient as Castiel.
Dean let the grace pull the memory to the surface of his mind. He felt the love and the oneness they had shared almost as if it was happening again. He recalled the way they seeped into all the cracks and imperfections of one another and together made something whole and unblemished and perfect. He remembered the consummate knowledge of Cas and his memories, and while some of it seemed beyond his grasp, it hadn't intimidated him at the time. Because, like Cas was trying to tell him, the most vibrant and rich memories and feelings of all those millennia were the ones with Dean and Sam and Jack. But it all started with Dean as the center of a web, and then spread outward.
Sam blinked several times. "Applied?"
They were outside the bunker near sunset, in a clearing in the woods. It was like something out of a renaissance painting if angels wore trenchcoats and God wore sneakers in renaissance paintings. Dean was sitting back little ways with Sam, watching Jack and Cas talk. Dean imagined it must look weird to Sam, who couldn’t see Cas’ wings, but his little brother didn’t say anything.
“I don’t fucking care.”
Truth be told, he couldn't imagine reading a romance novel when you could just watch porn, but to each their own.
It wasn't unusual for gentlemen such as Dean to walk through the gardens Mr. Shurley opened to the public, even on an overcast day such as this one so he had no hesitation in tucking an umbrella beneath his arm and walking out the door of his home to pursue the omega. What was difficult was finding moments out of sight of others to steal away with Castiel. This was absolutely scandalous, to spend time amongst the lowly omega serving class.
"Do what?" Cas asked, squinting at him.
"Mm, yeah. He always talks to me, just like you said. He reminds me of you, you know. He's good. Love that kid. Our kid." Dean muttered with a half-smile, eyes falling closed against his will.
Dean cautiously began to open him up. He took care to do it slowly, watching for any pain in his angel's reaction, despite his earlier reassurance. He started with one finger, amazed at how hot and tight Cas was. He set a slow, sweet rhythm. The hunter eventually worked up to three fingers, delighting in the way Cas twisted and turned in response, gasping and moaning. He wanted to get a big reaction, but he couldn’t quite seem to find the one he was looking for.
"It's a good thing for you I don't mind being bossed around," the hunter said with a smirk. "Pretty commanding yell you had there."
Cas's attention snapped toward Sam, and he finally looked the Winchester fully in the face, shocked and indignant. "No! Of course not. Dean hasn't done anything wrong. To the contrary."
Sam sighed and rolled his eyes, not believing that for a second.  "No, not the… um, sneaking off. The being fucking married thing! How did you not know he thought that?"
Cas moved slowly and smoothly, enraptured by the warmth of the hunter and the eagerness of his body, unable to think coherently as his cock delved into Dean's body again and again. Cas was so often tender in his ministrations, and there was a depth to his intimacy that felt so intimidating to Dean in many ways. He was learning to open up to it and love it. To love to
"Who else would it be?"
He rolled his eyes before narrowing them at her, looking down at the woman strapped to the chair. He couldn’t help but feel glad she looked uncomfortable now that the Enochian handcuffs were muting her grace.
Cas thought about this for a moment, letting the warmth of the idea wash over him.
That stole all the breath from Dean's lungs. "Okay," he muttered. His dopey grin faded into a wanton look and his breath came a little faster.
"Bring me Jack and the baby or he dies!" She shouted with a snarl.
"Well, maybe you aren't at my mercy right now," Dean said, voice strained, "but I can change that. Do you trust me?"
"You aren't fighting… sure. So why aren't you talking?"
All at once, the three of them burst out, Cas saying "Of course!", Sam saying "Always, Jack!" And Dean practically shouting "You better, dammit!". Jack just giggled.
They stayed like that for a moment before Cas finally began to gradually move, closing his eyes and hooking his arms around Dean’s shoulders so their bodies were close, rolling his hips in the most reverent, tender rhythm. Dean didn’t think anyone had ever been this gentle with him. He wanted to remind Cas he wasn’t fragile, but there was something so passionate and vulnerable here, he didn’t say anything. There was something perfect he didn’t know how to place, and he just let it happen.
"Doing ok?" He asked. He wasn’t sure why he was asking - Sam seemed to be relaxed. It made Dean feel better to check anyway.
He looked at the clock. It was only 10 in the morning. He sighed. It was going to be a long day.
“I’m well aware of that.”
With a suddenly stilted inhale, he slowed himself and paused for a moment. "I know… I just need another way to show you," he said, his voice changing abruptly. He began caressing him and teasing at the edge of his shirt. "There's lotsa ways two bodies can come together, y’know? You're right about that. Lots. Can I show you how much I want you?" Dean purred.
Dean sliced his palm open and let his blood drip into the bronze bowl in the center of the table.
"No,” he commanded, “No, Jack, not again. Shut off the waterworks."
Jack sat on the ground, shaking his head.
"Didn't you ever cook when you were human?"
"Uh, no shit! You're acting weird! Why are you mad at me? Are you… jealous of the stupid dildo?"
Dean sighed. "Ah, yeah. Sammy, don’t take it too hard. It’s just that the bottle was too hot. He was hurt, he got scared. I’m glad you’re both okay, man."
"Oh shit, Cas, I'm, I'm...gonna come, sunshine," Dean said in a strained, gasping voice.
"Nothing. I'm doing something private. Please leave."
"Are you okay, Cas? Need a hug?" Eileen signed to him.
Sam sighed but smiled in spite of himself. "He is really cute as a baby. But if we're going to do this we have to figure out the warding situation and protect him better."
"If you did not mate her and still you experience this illness, you must still be bonded in some way. Emotionally or otherwise."
be around. Then I didn't hear from you, so I figured you were pissed and you were doing okay. I never wanted you to leave, Cas. I never wanted you to be alone like this. I'm so sorry," he sniffed. He squeezed Cas a little tighter then.
“I’ve heard of it. Separation syndrome. I thought it was a myth.”
"And Eileen is also bisexual?"
Cas shrugged. "He must have known somehow that Sam would be safe with her."
Dean gave Cas a broad smile, touching the necklace. "Yeah, Cas. I like that. I accept that promise. I don’t want you to leave." Cas could swear he saw tears in Dean's eyes, but they never spilled.
The angel nodded. "Interesting. Well, allow me -," he said, reaching out a hand to Dean, and the spot on his jacket was gone.
He cackled when Cas showed him the picture.
Dean shrugged. "Just 'cause I gotta wade knee deep through monster guts most days don't mean I like it, Cas."
Cas looked at Dean, but Dean’s eyes were locked on Sam, who was staring dead straight at his brother.
Cas was enjoying the attention on his wings,
"Sorry," he muttered, completely embarrassed.
Cas chuckled. "You flirt. You primp and preen. It's what you do. But I
Sam nodded. It was impressive. It made him wonder if maybe Kevin was living the best of both worlds - a normal job and degree path that could help with hunting. It was clever.
"Okay, fine," Dean acquiesced with a half-hearted shrug.
Dean had been on the verge of climax three times already before Cas would ease off and let it slip away at this point. The hunter thought a fourth denial might kill him.
Cas said, and Dean felt warmth. Warmth? He had no body. Where did he feel the warmth?
Dean raised his eyebrow at the angel. "Really? You brought it in here. Was I supposed to carry it back out to the table?" He asked. "And I do have grace. Little bit."
"Then shut up," Cas advised, and he began kissing the hunter once more.
Dean heard the bunker door creak open as Sam and Eileen came back in. He looked at Cas and held a finger up, saying "hold on!" before he took off to meet Sam halfway up the stairs.
"I didn't like being hungry and homeless and rejected. It wasn't being human that I didn't like. But I have faith that the experience will be better this time. I have the two of you now. Although," he sighed, letting his arm relax and fall back to his side, "I don't look forward to urinating again."
"Ah...yes. Very good… So very good. I am sorry about your lamp. I didn't... expect that."
"Well, we always used to have some mission or end goal in mind. Doesn't it feel strange to have lived without one in particular over our heads for a while now? It's almost disorienting at times if I let myself think about it for long. I find myself wondering if I'll ever get used to it entirely. Even so, we've been keeping occupied over the past year with the house and helping with the wedding, and learning to live in the normal world. I feel curious... What do you think our future is going to be like?" Cas said, looking fondly at the hunter.
, independent bride. I'm so glad to know both of them and have 'em in my life. My life would be a lot shitti- a lot
"Why are you embarrassed?"
It took Dean aback, but he did. Then Cas kissed him slowly and chastely, locking eyes with him all the while. Sometimes the hunter forgot that Cas was inexperienced and not human. He wouldn't get that this was weird. Something about it made Dean feel especially vulnerable, so he didn't say anything.
“Never is an awfully long time. But I believe I can accommodate that. Come on. Let’s see about those thimbles.”
Dean smiled and let his eyes close.
They hit the showers, grateful for the large, separated shower stalls that enabled them to have long hot showers at the same time but with more privacy than they had even been afforded growing up.
Castiel spoke all the world's languages, past and present. He even spoke languages, not of this world. Yet at this moment, he couldn't think of a word in any language that summed up the storm of emotions that he felt bubbling up inside him.
"Good," Cas said, surprised by the deep rumble of his own voice.
They fight for a while in this chapter, but only so they could have make-up sex. They're all better by the end! So don't worry, all the angst that builds up is resolved.
“I wish you could see how you look right now. Perfect,” Cas murmured, his gaze intent and his own breath almost as stilted as Dean’s. Seeing the hunter in such a state wrecked him and he loved it.
Dean grasped Castiel in a soft embrace and let his lips, dry from days of illness, touch to Castiel's. In spite of the rough cracked skin, it seemed heavenly and soft, lingering. Dean pulled away, breathless, but within the short span of one heartbeat his lips were again on Castiel's, soft and ardent. In response, Castiel could not keep his bearings and mind his manners enough to stifle the soft whimper that escaped his mouth. Quickly Dean ducked his head to Castiel's neck and took in his scent, the soft puffs of hot air feeling scorching and perfect against Castiel's skin.
Dean blushed and grinned playfully. He straddled Castiel once more, and kissed him softly. Cas could tell that he was very excited but also very nervous about this request for some reason.
"So… y'know... what about you?"
me. I can't take more of that," he said, swallowing hard, feeling tears falling down his face.
"We should go on more trips," Dean whispered to his angel, pressing small kisses onto the spot behind his ear as his arms hung around Castiel's neck.
“Papa! Papapapapa!” Jack said, bouncing in his seat and smacking the tray excitedly.
"Are you talking about books or us?" Dean asked, chewing as he watched Cas, wondering what the big deal was.
"Still hurts? Let me see," Dean said, moving to sit closer to Cas. He carefully felt Cas's scalp with the pads of his fingers. Even though the spit was tender, Dean's touch felt nice.
"Where's your dog?" He said, still perturbed by the fact that he liked the eggs and Castiel's smugness about it.
again. I'm gonna make it up to you even if you - y'know… you don't wanna be with me. ‘M not like that, ‘m not one of those guys," Dean asserted, shaking his head.
“Say it! Say ‘Auntie Rowena is my favorite Auntie’!”
Dean decided to demonstrate, pulling Cas's head down so he could lay a sweet kiss on the hollow above his clavicle, then he latched on and sucked hard and slow, nipping a bit until Cas made a soft noise in his ear. Dean pulled away, satisfied to see a mark.
Cas recognized his turn to lay reassuring kisses and lingering, loving touches on the hunter and did so immediately until he felt the shuddering sigh of relief leave his lover. Then he pulled him close and squeezed him tight.
Dean thought he was going to faint. He was pretty sure all his blood was being used to make him blush. "Yeah, it ain't for everyone," he squawked.
"Mm, yes, that's what I've heard," Cas said, lifting his wings and shuddering delightfully at the touches.
Billie nodded. “Let’s not meet again for a long time then.”
"I didn't hurt you too much?"
Letting instinct rule was unfamiliar and a little frightening to him. He found that the concern faded quickly as his tongue explored the delightful warmth of Dean's mouth.  Cas took in his sweet taste with an unflagging enthusiasm until they were both breathless. He mourned the parting as they pulled away.
He collapsed next to Castiel, half cuddling him.
- woke what lay dormant within you. A question though - what happened to him in return? A bond goes two ways,” she said, tilting her head downward with a curious look.
"I don't want to, no. Do you?"
It felt like time froze. He couldn't hear the birds singing or the bees, or even wind through the leaves. It could have just been the two of them in all of the worlds at that moment for all Dean knew.
"That's a great deal of food."
Dean's look was steely. "As a matter of fact, bitch, I didn't. Wanted to, started to. But actually kept my cool and vomited up my feelings to the guy. Looks like your emotional cure-all of talking it out is just useless snake oil, Sammy."
Dean obeyed, getting off of Cas to lay back, smiling eagerly at him as he laid back.
"Man, I'm glad you're back, you gotta… you gotta take Jack, I'm not… I-I can't," Dean said shakily, gently lifting the finally sleeping child toward Cas.
----------------------------------------------------
"I, uh... Jack, I ain't sure I've earned that title... I haven't always been very good to you, kid. Cas here is the real father figure," he looked up at Jack with a pained half-smile.
“Hi, guys!” She said cheerfully.
Second, it was a painfully time consuming process. Castiel truly couldn't comprehend how humans could spend their fleeting, miniscule lives on things like this. But he needed to make this for Dean, and so he did, through great effort and strain on his patience.
"Dean. Please, I - I need to understand
Dean was still transfixed by the sweetness of this ancient being’s smile. Cas couldn’t tear his eyes away from the huge marks Dean had left in the sand, shaking his head just a bit as he looked at it. He'd been so focused on summoning the animals earlier that he hadn't noticed that Dean had made a huge heart in the sand, and written in the center of it:
“Hm, yeah, seems like it,” He said, taking a bite of the sandwich.
Cas smiled softly. He felt more relaxed than he had in so long. He tentatively tried to find Dean's hand in a sloppy, searching motion.  His chest was filled with warmth when the hunter lazily grasped his hand. He intertwined their fingers. That action felt so precious and intimate to Cas he had to stifle a gasp.
," she said, mimicking the Beach Boys song. "Grab a balloon like a kid at an EDM fest if you want to really experience it, there's plenty. Are you ready to watch the couple take their first dance?" She shouted like she was announcing a WWE fight, jumping around excitedly. Emily was the right interpreter for the job because she was bouncing with the same wild energy Charlie was showing.
“I just went to feed Jack. He was starting to fuss and it woke me.”
He missed being able to fly away. Ever since the Fall, Cas’s wings ached for the sky. Sometimes he would stand in the sun, close his eyes and just stretch them, imagining that he was in flight. Lately, his inability to fly away from his troubles had been on his mind more and more. His own longing, although different, was made so much more painful by the way he could sense Dean's.
"You can't say that shit in front of him! Don't you know that little ears grow big fucking gardens?!" Dean hissed through his teeth.
"I won't be."
Abigail seemed to consider something deeply for a few moments.
"Wait wait wait, at the same time?!" Dean asked with a bark of laughter.
Dean looked at Cas and bit his lip. "Oh yeah. That'll do nicely, I reckon," he said with a shuddering exhale.
," Cas muttered impatiently.
"I suppose you've been very patient. How would you like to come? It's your birthday, after all."
, Cas advised. There was a soft amusement coloring his words - like a peachy coral pink. It confused Dean to feel like he could see the emotion as a color. Or that he could see anything at all without eyes.
"So I bought the crib and mattress new and the carseat stroller combo thing too 'cause they don't let you resell those easily these days I guess. Got him a changing table and some little clothes and shit like that at the thrift store. Oh, and check this out!" He said, rooting through the bags by the wall to pull out a rubber duckie that was white with a gold halo and an extra set of angel wings on it's back.
Cas nodded slowly, but the look on his face had Dean feeling like he wasn't going to be allowed to do this much longer without releasing some of the tension. He had been working on Cas's wings for an hour, and he was pretty sure Cas had been ready to go since before he decided to put on the mini strip show.  That before they'd even started on the wings and Dean felt a hot thrill run through him when he thought about that
"Yeah, Cas. She did. Peter Pan. It's from Peter Pan," Dean explained.
Dean knew what he was thinking - that Cas wouldn’t find out, but obviously that was not true and it was definitely, definitely not going to fly here. So he elected to ignore the question in favor of apologizing instead.
, Cas!" Dean shouted angrily. "That makes me dizzy as all hell!" He stumbled a bit, grasping Cas for stability on landing.
"Lose the coat? Nice enough day."
Dean ended up eating three, but Cas ate the rest of the marshmallows, running out of the chocolate well before he polished off the bag.
"Oh, Dean," Cas whispered breathlessly. "So messy." The angel chuckled darkly in his ear.
Sam contemplated for a moment. “What is your degree again?”
Eileen placed a hand on Sam’s arm. “Not now,” she urged. Rowena gave Dean a sad smile. Kevin felt very awkward and wished he wasn’t seated in the middle of two giant men that were about to argue.
He had nowhere to go. He was effectively kicked out of Heaven, but sometimes he thought it would be easier if he could simply go back. He had been so sure of himself then, as a soldier of Heaven’s will. There was security in that and at times he missed that feeling of knowing he was doing what was best without the burden of having to think about it.
"That's not the point, Cas. The point is that you come live with me.
. If Cas was going to have Dean lead the way right now, he was going for something familiar. Lighthearted, frisky, playful sexual interactions were tools Dean was familiar with, and he was glad it worked. It took the intimidating factor out of it, it removed the personal and deep, scary emotional contact. He supposed he should feel bad, but he didn't. Especially if it meant Cas was really going to ride him in a cowboy hat - he hadn't been feigning his interest in that. So maybe shifting the focus more to pie or hats rather than his tender heart wasn’t the most mature thing he could do, but he wasn’t sorry. There was time for that later.
Finally, Dean whispered softly, voice trembling as a few errant tears splashed on Castiel's trench coat collar.
"I just get why Uriel called us mud monkeys now. You're so… big. And not just your actual size, fuck, but… all this! All the powers and eyes and giant hands and your...fire heart thing, Cas! How do you want me? I'm nothing next to you," Dean gushed, insecure but in awe.
"You ever licked a battery?" Dean chuckled as he brought a hand up to stroke across Castiel's stubble cheek.
Eileen walked up to the crib on the other side of Rowena.
"You're doing so good, Dean. You look so perfect. Open your eyes, look at me. Perfect, perfect. Just like you. You're perfect. My Dean, my righteous man. You are worthy of love. And I do, I love you. Yes, so good, you're doing so well…"
I also want to send big thanks to my beta reader,
Whatever protest Dean was about to utter was choked off by a gasp as Castiel released the bonds on his feet and urged him to bend his knees. The angel began prepping him, taking his time to carefully scissors his fingers.
! You can reblog the art directly
"Cas," he repeated, "Go on a date with me. Tomorrow. I have the day off. You said you wanted to ages ago and I never took you. Let's do what normal couples do. Let me take you out."
"Nah, I don't wanna hear it. Fly us here," Dean said, showing the address.
Dean laughed, and in return, he saw happy motions dance through the dozens of arms fanning around Castiel.
"Dean, I was wondering. How do you cope with these feelings when I'm not around?"
hate it. He was sure, however (and he consoled himself with this) that he wouldn't have so much as entertained the thought of not hating it if it was anyone else but Cas.
After a moment, he casually, without looking, shot Cas in the face with the holy water gun. If looks could kill, Dean would have been smote on the spot. In fact, Dean was very lucky that Cas had been rendered human, because the look only grew more hostile as the hunter doubled over in laughter at the soggy, pissed off visage of his lover. Sam and Eileen were stifling chuckles while Rowena, looking slightly bemused, made a barely perceptible motion with her finger, muttering something softly. The water gun slipped from Dean’s fingers and skidded to a halt at Castiel’s feet, and he wasted not a fraction of a second. He scooped the gun up and emptied the tank on Dean, who yowled like a cat caught in a rainstorm over the few seconds it took Cas to give credence to the weapon’s name of super soaker. Dean let out a stream of creative curses, and when he stopped, standing there seething, Cas grinned and shot him one last time in the face. Sam had to hold him back when he tried to launch himself at the former seraph.
“Sam, what should we do?”
“What?” Cas exclaimed incredulously. Then he chased after the hunter, almost catching up with him, but not quite.
Dean didn't answer, and they didn't speak for a long time. Gradually he hugged Cas back harder and harder with what would have been rib-cracking strength if Cas was human. The angel knew Dean just needed to feel close to him in a way a normal hug couldn't allow.
"Merry Christmas," he said, signing along with the words.
"No, it's a thing, Cas. People do it sometimes. It can be exciting," he chuckled.
Dean chuckled as he furrowed his brow a little. "Why'd you do that, Cas?"
Dean felt dizzy. He wanted to say it. "I need to tell you something," he stalled.
"Yeah? You mean it?"
"Then resume kissing me, you stupid man. There's nothing more to say."
"Kissing? Or humping? Either way - dude,
Cas rolled his eyes. "Now that we've gotten that established, shall we resume?" Cas huffed impatiently.
Dean sucked his teeth, body language and tone still irritable beyond belief. He scowled at Cas, shaking his head. "And where did you find him?"
Cas nodded solemnly, “Indeed.”
Sam sighed. "Do you want me to talk to him?"
"Mm?"
"Um, it's really creamy and salty. Weirdly runny. You know that part, though. It's tangy - actually, I dunno, it's weird cheese. It's good."
Cas leaned forward and kissed Dean full on the mouth, soft and chaste. "Of course."
Dean let out a sigh of relief that dissolved into nervous laughter. "That was really scary!"
"I know you think that Cas," the hunter said. His voice was tense and his eyes, while still locked on the angel's, were distant. As if he wasn't really seeing Cas at all.
“Uhm,” Cas said, as he squinted and held the book away, “‘Mrs. Darling came to the window, for at present she was keeping a sharp eye on Wendy. She told Peter that she had adopted all the other boys, and would like to adopt him also.
Sam got into the dresser drawer and pulled out a pair of dark wash jeans. He looked them over, then handed them to Cas. "These will look good."
Dean frowned. “Why didn’t you say something Cas?” He demanded as he turned instantly on his heel to examine his lover’s eyes.
like animals did it. It was named after an animal, even. And humans were a sort of animal too, so he didn't see the problem. If animals and humans alike did it that way, it must be natural.
"Yes."
Dean swallowed hard.
"No, I mean… are you getting
On the one hand, he very much enjoyed the image. On the other, Jack could have seen the explicit image, and Cas didn't know if he was to blame for that or if Dean was. On an entirely different level, he felt frustrated that Dean was doing these things without him.
"Yes, Cas," he encouraged in a low smoky rasp, turning to look back at him.
"Yeah, send this one to everyone," Dean laughed.
Cas beamed at her. “He is a good baby. Jack – when she smiles at me? Nothing, no- no angelic crusade or victor's bounty... none of that could ever hold a candle to that sweet, gummy smile.”
Castiel's hands came up to Dean's face, gently cupping it. Castiel felt surprised at the relief he felt for himself. He had been quietly worried that Dean wouldn't be able to enjoy a normal life, like he deserved, with Cas - not only in a male vessel, but also an angel, inhuman and unable to assimilate. He had more and more evidence that it was not the case, and tonight, it felt like he could breathe more freely, a fear he had not given voice to, had been let go.
"No," Cas sighed, dragging the infant back to center and placing him on his back once more.
"No, I need to hear this. Tell me all your feelings about this. I don't want to make you uncomfortable. I need to know everything. Speak,  Dean."
"Drink something. It's important."
Rowena shook her head. "It may not have been a conscious choice. Regardless, I think you should ask him about that when he wakes. As for now... we need to talk about the babe," she said. Eileen nodded.
"Don't stare at it, just watch it," Dean suggested.
Cas smiled bashfully in return and leaned down to kiss him in a mild, loving way, all soft lips and sweet sweeping motions with his tongue.
Cas stopped and looked at Dean flatly.
angel I have ever known, myself included. You have sacrificed and loved more deeply and more generously than anyone I have ever known."
one, a real one. With you, just like this."
"That's a cool trick. It was blank before. Easy to remember. It's our second anniversary today."
The door was open. Dean didn't see Cas as he peered around, but he could see that Jack had evidently been up all night because he was sitting on his neatly made bed watching a movie on his laptop.
"But I did what I had to." He said it firmly, as if he was reminding himself, as if this was something he'd recited many times. Dean took another deep breath before continuing. Cas didn't say anything, he just held Dean as he spoke.
On the way there, Dean blasted AC/DC, which Jack didn’t  seem to mind, and all the windows were down to enjoy the warm spring breeze. The sun was shining and the honeysuckle and the redbud blooms were filling the air with a sweetness that definitely made the world feel a little more awake.
Cas nodded. "Yes, much like that, I suppose. I understand that I must have embedded some grace in you when I left my mark on you those years ago. It did take tremendous energy to lift you from hell and restore you, so I shouldn't be surprised by that, I suppose. That love would be the catalyst that made it come alive within you - that's… fitting," he said with a small smile.
Cas had Dean groaning and gasping so irresistibly. It felt too soon that he removed his fingers, causing Dean to make an impatient whine. Castiel finally looked him in the eyes, then quietly shushed him. He slowly pressed himself against Dean, pausing. “Please, Cas. Please. I need you,” Dean moaned needily.
Dean let out a string of what must have been incoherent nonsense with the occasional expletive thrown in, and Cas began similar babbling in Enochian as they panted and moved smoothly together.
Jack cooed softly with a drooling, gummy grin. He was wearing a tiny pair of sweat pants and a onesie that read “Hey! Watch your fucking language asshole, I’m a baby!” which Cas didn’t really understand, but he liked because it made Dean laugh.
Dean kept humming and talking to Jack. Cas just watched with a lopsided grin, letting warmth bloom in his chest. He didn't want time to move. He committed everything about this moment to memory - the smell of the cereal, the sounds of Jack taking his bottle and Dean humming away, the soft warm kitchen lights shining down on them. This was perfect. He hoped it would never end.
"O-okay. Um, thanks."
"So wait, wait, wait. You mean you don't really care about that toy? You read a Cosmo that says you have to own your man or some Mean Girls crap, and you thought you should smite my stupid toy to show you care? Really?”
"No, no I'm fine. But… Cas, I can't do this!"
“It’s brand new,” he whispered, a childlike expression on his face.
"I'm fine Cas. Stop it." He said, still smiling. He gestured to Castiel’s wings. "Will they always be here from now on, or have you just not zapped them to another plane or whatever angel mojo thing it is that you do?"
"What do you want if you win?" Dean asked, flashing a grin at Cas.
Dean nodded. "Yeah, exactly. And I can accept that I made my mistakes - I mean, my old man always basically acted like I was one big walking mistake. But I can't handle the aftermath. I know I'm bound to fuck up, I live with that over my head the time. It's the guilt and the failure after that hits me."
Dean’s eyes lit with realization. He mouthed Cas’s last sentence back to himself. Silence filled the moments that ticked by. Dean sucked his teeth and kept bouncing on the balls of his feet. Cas found it peculiar that he was doing that, but even more so that the longing was practically jerking his heart out of place in his chest with it's insistent pulling, but the crescendo seemed
"You flatter me. You know that I am called only by my given name to a gentleman such as yourself."
"What do you think, Cas?" the hunter purred.
When they had been spirit bonded, all of that knowledge had settled into them both, deeper than bone. The true depths of their adoration were unquestionable then. Cas pulling the memory to the surface made it close to feeling it again as if they were bonding again in real-time. Close, but not close enough.
Kevin grinned. "Were you for real on the phone? They're finally… you know, an item?"
"Alright. As long as it ain't a bucket list. Don't wanna focus on dyin' while we're trying to live."
He, an angel of the lord, a soldier of Heaven, the shield of God, was reading an internet article on
"Yeah, that sounds good. What's he making?"
"He's hungry."
"But they aren't looking for a baby, man...and Cas is gonna do that ribcage sigil mojo."
----------------------------------------------------
Dean made a disgruntled sound as he stopped. "Okay, fine. But then you're paying for all that wasted booze."
"Dean, listen to me. Listen. You did nothing wrong. Those men that took advantage of you were wrong. Your father was wrong. You were a child, a hungry child! Your father left you, John abandoned you and Sam. You were just trying to live. And having the ability to love someone is a gift, not a sin. But beating a child - that is a sin. You are not wrong. You are beautiful."
“Can I?” Cas asked, nearly stunned and in awe of Dean, his body, his casual willingness to let Cas have him like this, in this vulnerable way.
"It's so big, Cas. Look at all that! It goes on and on. That's a shitload of water."
Dean sighed and flipped Sam off with a sad look. His sad looks were much sadder, in fact, when portrayed by Carrie Fisher’s visage.
Dean laughed, pausing his ministrations to nibble at Cas’s ear before letting his hands keep working the oil through every feather.
"May we... switch? I would like to, ah, offer you comfort now. I am feeling much better. But you seem like you need contact now."
Dean chuckled lightly. "You're waxing all philosophical on me, Cas. I'm not sure that I'm the best guy to interpret art and shit, but if that's what you wanna do, I'll be there, right beside you. And there's lotsa little experiences I can think of. You've never been to a fair - I was thinking the other day you'd probably love cotton candy. And in the fall, we can do some cheesy crap and go pick apples in an orchard and we can bring 'em home, and maybe I can help you make an apple pie. We can have people over for your birthday, all that stuff."
"You been gracing me up already?"
Cas and Dean cuddled up with Miracle in the Dean cave to actually watch a movie.
"So…?" Dean urged with a gasp. Cas hadn't stopped "cleaning" him.
It was important to him to do as much as possible in the time left. He spent all Dean's working hours and many of his sleeping hours if he did not seem to be having nightmares, doing miracles.
Cas looked very surprised - Dean would have found it funny if he’d had the mental fortitude, but presently he was barely capable of forming thought, his head buzzing in a felicitous static instead as he gasped and moaned.
that. This isn't dirty. What we do together
"Get away from that, Dean. It's not ready," Cas said with a serious look over his shoulder.
“You’re so warm.”
Cas stopped in his tracks. “I’m not especially pop culture savvy, but I feel certain that no one comparable to the three stooges should be allowed in the same hemisphere with our baby.”
I know that was Saileen heavy in the start, but hopefully you guys love their softness and Eileen's spunky attitude as much as I do. I just she her as this awesome, powerful, fun-loving sassy hunter lady. What's not to love? Man, if Sam hadn't taken her, I would!
I haven't abandoned the idea of a holiday fic, but I think it will be a one-shot I post outside this fic or maybe in a collection if I can figure out how to do that, lol. I just don't want to interrupt the flow again.
had faded. They were just having fun. And Dean realized he was just as hopelessly twitterpated now as he had been when he could only text Cas a single heart.
And it worked. Cas chuckled. "I would love you even if you were polydactyl, yes."
"Dean, look-,"
"'Cause if it isn't -,"
Castiel had already disliked the sycophantic, combative beta. She frequented the garden parties Charles Shurley regularly threw. Castiel found her demeaning attitude toward every maid and footman to be disgusting. Her manners were of the worst caliber. She only managed to stay in the circles of high society because her father was oozing wealth in such great sums that people scrabbled to curry favor with the veritable King Midas of the city. It sickened Castiel. But he just silently tended to the master of the estate’s lovely gardens and the grounds and he said nothing. But to find that this charming and amiable alpha had found his way into an engagement with the woman, it made his blood boil and hackles raise. It was foolish, of course. Even without her, he could never be mated to Dean, and he was aware of this, however the jealousy and sickening envy that settled into his bones grew more and more bitter toward her each time he thought of how close their wedding day drew.
“Abigail,” she said, “you should listen to my girlfriend. She can be very scary. So can I. She likes it when people scream, and me - I don’t really mind. Those cuffs on you are special, so we can hurt you pretty badly but your grace will still keep us from killing you,” She said in a voice like she was talking to an especially awful child.
"Okay, um… there's some stuff you need filled in on and I know I shoulda told you sooner. But, uh… Sammy ain't exactly on-board with leaving Jack a baby. He's got Eileen and Rowena in tow and they're gonna try some spell to… well they think they're trying to fix him. Make him back like he was before. They want to put his powers back and make him be God," Dean said, holding his hands out in a defensive gesture.
The hunter's face fell. He looked down and let out a shaky breath.
Dean chuckled again and nodded. "I mean, I would like that b-,"
"I like that as well," Cas replied as he locked his ankles. "It's interesting to be in the water and weightless while we're in contact," he hummed
Castiel nodded with a slight smile.
Love to the patient, organized, AWESOME mods of the DCBB as well!
without them," he fumbled. Chuckling broke out through the crowd as he went a little wide-eyed.
Dean nodded as he flipped through the books. "I'm liking it. Still saving people, but I'm able to stay close to home and not stick my neck out so I can take care of the kid."
"Oh yeah? I can think of some things I'd like to express right now," he replied in a ragged voice.
Dean nodded again.
"Dean, oh, I can't-"
Dean just laughed softly and took his shirt off. "Cas," he said gently as he grabbed the angel's hand and looked into his eyes as he placed it just where the mark of his claim to Dean's soul was all those years ago. "I do miss it. Please? It's the best gift."
"Sit with me, please." Dean asked, but the look in his eyes made it almost a command. Castiel sat next to him on the bed and hesitantly let one of his hands lovingly ghost over the back of Dean's.
"A man needs meat, dude."
The two sat at the small table just off the foyer, both blushing and suddenly shy.
(See the end of the chapter for
To his surprise, Dean hesitantly trailed after him. Cas ignored him and kept walking, but the hunter seemed to make a decision. He caught up quickly and grasped Castiel's shoulder.
"Of course. He's important to all of us."
"Oh, hey! Thanks. You're up. He can crawl!" Dean’s voice belied pride tinged with a  hint of abject horror.
"No. I will do no such thing. I will be liberal in my praise and appreciation, as well as my love and affection. You should be aware of this by now."
"I believe I asked you to get up against the wall."
"You're so loud," Cas growled, "I crave these sounds you make for me." The angel leaned forward, bracing himself on Dean's shoulders.
As Dean left Jack with Cas before his first class for the day, he knelt down and kissed Jack on the crown of his head, breathing in that sweet soft smell that babies and small children have. “You’re a little thimble of joy,” he whispered.
The hunter moaned and rocked back into Cas slightly.
This despondent and wistful speech did not stop him from nuzzling close to the alpha's neck and taking in the scent of him, sniffing at his now exposed throat madly, drunk on the scent.
Dean sighed. "Cas?" he breathed sadly.
"Two and two thirds centimeters to the left," Cas said with a smile as he signed along with the words, tilting his head curiously.
"Sam told me you used to play."
He opened his mouth too wide, brow still furrowed, looking awkward and more similar to a puzzled baby bird than an angel of the lord. Dean giggled at him and his adorable behavior as he gave the bite to Castiel. The angel chewed with a thoughtful look.
"He wants to go out. And he's lonely."
"I knew you'd be cool about it."
He burst to the surface.
Dean hesitated for only a moment. That was Sammy. He couldn't leave Sammy! But… Sammy was a grown man, and Jack was a defenseless human baby.
"You want me to stick my ass out for you?! Like some… pin-up girl?"
"Yes. So very 'okay'. How are you feeling?"
Cas knelt on the floor next to him and gently placed a finger on Dean's lips to quiet him, and the other was firm and steadying on his left shoulder. He gave Dean a sympathetic look.
"Oh, this is so…. Ugh." Cas said, exasperated and impatient. Suddenly they were naked. Dean gasped, partly from shock and partly from the sudden cool air on his hot skin.
cheating," Cas huffed in irritation as Sam spun him a little harder.
"Jack said he was hands-off now. He wouldn't stop anything from happening. Not his style now that he's all alpha and omega."
"Dude, no. Animals always stare at you when you...y'know, fuck. It's creepy."
Dean found an easy rhythm. Cas squirmed and breathlessly when he sank down slowly and then hollowed his cheeks and sucked like a goddamn champ on the way up, so he stuck with that. He added occasional rolling motions with his tongue, and with each roll of his tongue on the velvet hot skin of his cock, Cas felt like he was beckoning him closer to the edge of ecstasy.
Dean nodded and swallowed. "Come over and lay down already," he said, but the thickness and strain of his voice betrayed him.
The tingling waves running through him felt more powerful than before when Dean carefully parted his lips and slowly ran a tongue across Castiel's closed lips. A hum bubbled up from the angel's throat he had no control over. A simple, joyful noise he could not help but share. He opened his mouth and granted Dean entrance.
"You got me to realize we were married."
"Cas," Dean gasped, "please."
In the morning, Dean woke to the smell of coffee and something warm to eat. It took him a moment to open his eyes, but when he did, Cas was there, reading a new book. When he looked to his right, there was indeed a steaming cup of coffee and a plate of hot buttery pancakes.
we're married." Cas looked a little offended as if Dean was supposed to know that already.
"No, no, no. Getting on the armchair is one thing but getting all that fur in my covers and hogging the bed is another," Dean said to the dog, who tilted his head and made a small sound, seeming indignant.
That snapped Cas out of his passionate haze immediately.
“You should say ‘please’, I think it would help.”
biggest fear is that you want me to go, you want to be with someone else, and I struggle to believe I am worthy of your love and company," Castiel breathed sadly.
Dean's smile turned cocky, even as he finished mopping the spit up from his arm with the burp cloth. "You wanna date me?"
"You really think two to three fucked up dudes can handle eighteen plus years of parenting? Then, instead of sending him off to college, we’re supposed to give him back his super crystals and say 'here's the universe, be careful' like it's just car keys? Cas, that's nuts."
In a futile attempt to pacify him, Cas slowly waved his hand in a gesture that mimicked a pat on the shoulder, stopping short of actually touching him as he knew how sensitive Jack was when he was upset. The brothers were still yelling at each other a few feet away.
At that moment, Garth and Sam looked at Dean with a stunned expression and Eileen shot up, hands on her hips - she hadn't seen all of the conversation but she caught
"But - uhh," Dean protested, "I don't want you to think that's all I want from you is what I'm trying to say."
PLEASE be aware that there are a lot of dark themes in this fic. I will say that they are explored briefly and in the past, but this is different from the other works I've posted before, so I want you to be aware of that ahead of time. <3
"I want to see you like this more often. Once a year or more so ain't cutting it. I mean, look at you. How am I married to all of this?" Dean said, gesturing to Cas with his arms thrown wide with a joyful expression on his face. The fire in the angel's chest flickered a bit brighter.
Jack was unusually energetic at bed time. Dean bounced him gently as he walked around the room and Cas read to him.
He scrubbed his hands until they were red from the hot water and friction. He thought that was the least he deserved. He dried them off and went to lay back down in bed. He felt guilty for confronting Cas like that, for getting angry with him, but it pissed him off. Cas could never understand what Dean was feeling. The hunter knew that. He found himself hoping against hope that Cas could feel the same things, but Dean knew that angels were junkless, heartless, Ken dolls. He had seen enough to know that much. Just because Cas had more heart than most of them didn’t mean anything.
Dean felt his heart drop. "The… box under my bed with… princess Asuka… and the other ones…?" He said weakly.
"Now you sucked all the booze outta me and then you had to bring up Chuck. That's not hot, Cas," Dean huffed.
"Not an answer. C'mon. Eyes open, wiggle your fingers and toes. Give Jack a smile and wave."
After the bath, they teamed up and put Jack to bed. All the frustrations of the evening had seemed to melt away, even though Jack tried to sneak out of bed three times before finally falling asleep.
Cas rolled his eyes. He had no intention of entertaining either of the Winchesters when they were in such a combative mood.
The hug went on and on, and Jack happily continued to bounce and smack at the array of toys on the tray of the bouncer.
“I got fired!” Jack wailed through tears.
I also want to send big thanks to my beta reader,
“He’ll be pissed if he knows I’m letting you play this. So don’t have nightmares. I turned the blood off. But I need a healer, so allllll daddy needs you to do is just make your character stand by my character and hit this button when I say so to cast the healing spell, okay,” he instructed, demonstrating the functions of the controller.
Dean cleared his throat and his eyes were uncharacteristically vulnerable. "Yeah. I, uh… 'M into you." His voice was straining and nervous but he gave a slight, shy grin that seemed very promising. And yet… there was still room for doubt.
"I do not care either. Let us throw caution to the wind and if we become social outcasts, let them hate us. We are in love and I no longer care who knows it or if we shall be poor. My brush with death and missing you has made me a changed man."
The hunter sighed. "Yeah, I didn't think that far ahead. Forgot it was cloudy. It was the first romantic thing I thought of. Sorry."
"Did you see that Cas? He just … vibrated into the sand! That was some Star Trek lookin' shit! He fuckin'
Everyone but Cas turned to him in confusion.
Dean just laughed bitterly, but did not acknowledge the implied question of who he committed his heart to without ever meaning to do so.
"She's not gonna say no. No way. I've seen the way she looks at you. She's gonna say yes," Dean said, sniffling and wiping at his eyes with a grin.
The two bid one another goodbye and Dean prepared for his father's rage by hiding some items that were dear to him away. When Castiel left, he alerted Sam, who came to his brother's aid and helped him prepare. He forced Dean to sit and eat before the doctor arrived and gave him affirmation that the separation sickness was over.
"I've been finding myself very impatient for you. We were interrupted twice and I...feel very eager."
"Dean, I… I'm terribly concerned you're going to die," Cas blurted in a hushed voice, not wanting to hear the words himself.
Cas shrugged. "I did. I told you many times that I have no preference toward gender or orientation."
It was a passing thought, but soon the the song ended and guests were whipping their napkins in the air to demand a kiss again. Eileen theatrically stood on tiptoe and pulled Sam down to her with a grin, planting another lipstick kiss on him. Dean smiled, watching them. Seeing Sam smile - not thinking about the demon blood and the years of sacrifice and being in the cage and Lucifer or Chuck - no. It was plain as day - right now, the only thing Sam had on his mind was being with Eileen. And that made Dean really fucking happy. Sam deserved a happy ending too. They all did.
Cas shook his head with a serious look. "It was not, Dean."
Soon he had Jack dressed as he sang Teach Your Children Well by Crosby Stills and Nash to him under his breath. Not exactly hard rock, he would admit, but still a good song.
Dean was so glad to be home. He loved his new job as a mechanic - he got to work on cars all day and every single one gave him a thrill of pride because they couldn't compare to his Baby. He got to do things with his hands and the work sort of soothed his mind. But today he just found himself longing for a hot shower.
"I've branded you, body and soul, twice. I don't understand. Why do you want this too?"
Dean laughed and guided Cas through cracking the egg, salting and peppering them, buttering the toast, and starting the coffee. Soon the meal was done and they sat together. Cas watched intently as Dean took his first bite, relieved by his enthusiastic thumbs up. Things felt so warm, so normal, so… happy.
Memories and reality hit him - the meaning behind the saying "like a ton of bricks" seemed very clear to him now.
Billie arched her eyebrow and seemed to glare at them. “That’s all?”
"What's wrong, what happened?" the hunter said urgently, crossing the distance across the room to them. He stroked Cas's back soothingly and looked back and forth at them.
And that made him grasp Cas's face and gaze at him with a suddenly serious expression.
----------------------------------------------------
Cas just nodded and made a helpless gesture with his hands. It was all an accurate recounting of events. He couldn't deny it. He didn't want to anymore. He just wanted this to be over, come what may.
“What do you have in mind, Dean?” Cas breathed.
"Dean, I'm fine. Hey, I'm happy. I'm - I'm just really damn happy. We're here to relax, to enjoy ourselves. Until it's cake-cutting time, you just relax. The only person who has to do anything now is DJ Charlie. Go, get a beer, grab some food. Grab one of the crappy disposable cameras, snap some pictures. I'm gonna go sit with Eileen. My
"We're already married," Cas said with a warm, proud smile.
"Alright, let me at those feathers," he said wiggling his fingers greedily. Cas was already sitting on his trenchcoat which he had spread beneath them, his wings outstretched beautifully.
"Ah, Dean," Cas uttered softly.
“Sometimes we do. But sometimes we just pair up and have a little time one-on-one.”
"I thought that dad was mad 'cause I was turning tricks. So when I met… you know - a guy, a boyfriend - a couple years later, Lee… I thought it was okay. Man, Lee was really something. He dragged me on stage with him and we sang. I made a little scratch doing somethin' that felt good. Singing with him felt good, made me feel alive and like I wasn't fucked up and used goods. And...being with him felt even better." The saddest smile was on his face, and the tears hadn't stopped. Cas pulled him closer again, trying to soak up all the pain Dean had.
"I'm not going anywhere, Dean. I just didn't expect that. It's not typical. I'm not sure why you can see them, why it isn't harming you, or what that all means. And I don't know what you want me to say - I told you last night how I felt. I'll go anywhere with you. I want to experience everything. Please, stop. Everything is fine." Cas pleaded.
"What
“What in the fuck is this," Dean grumbled. Cas looked up to meet his eye - he could see that Dean was practically shaking and his eyes were wide. He was not  sure he’d ever seen Dean so afraid. It amused him in a vague sense - Cas had seen Dean fight monsters, demons, even Satan and archangels. Yet in spite of that, a small infant had him looking more frightened than ever.
Cas curled into Dean, grasping him. “I said I’d fix it. Relax,” he mumbled sheepishly.
"Yeah, I'll help. And I'll be able to piss him off in another language now. It's not selfish. It's perfect. Thank you."
Dean gave him a shy laugh. "Um, okay, Cas. Now that side is done. Alright, stretch out the other one for me."
Cas followed the energetic hunter down the hallway as he came up to the door in question.
the angel replied.
Dean chuckled in response and his eyelids fluttered as he swallowed and brought in a shaky breath. “Fuck,” he rasped. “Cas, for your first handie, I gotta say -
?" The omega whined crossly.
There was a tap on the hunter's shoulder, which made the hunter flinch. "Dean? What happened? Are you both alright?"
"The wookie is 'unsexy' to me, that works."
“Let me twirl you, then you can do it,” Dean said, then suddenly realized he wasn’t sure he knew how either. He hadn't danced much in his life, and when he had - well,  it wasn't exactly this dignified. But he was feeling the energy of the night, the carefree electricity, and he had the confidence to try it. They switched positions so Dean was leading, and it was smooth, fluid as if they danced all the time.
Dean's head snapped his head up and set his jaw before snapping at Sam, "Well,
It was fortunate that no one was in the room, for as Castiel entered, the older Winchester's face snapped to him, his eyes flashing. He began another fit of deranged cackling and coughing. Dean was looking gaunt and pale, sweat soaking him all over. The scent of his illness clung to the air thickly.
"Why is that always your solution? Huh? Fucking leave if you want to," he growled.
His mind was reeling. How had he left Dean so utterly mistaken?
"It's very attractive to me when you express yourself," Cas whispered in a gravelly tone.
Cas quirked his head. "You aren't? I thought you only felt attraction for females."
As soon as Cas’s hand had finally grasped his leaking cock, Dean's hips arched off the bed of their own volition -until Cas snapped them back down with another grace hold, restraining him across the hips and keeping him fixed to the bed. When Dean moaned, he wasn't sure if it was at Cas's touch or the excitement of the additional restraint.
Dean laughed, and the reactions became even more pronounced. “You like it when I tell you you’re pretty, don’t you? Was that like an angel blush?”
Excitedly, Eileen said, "I do," also signing along with her audible declaration, Emily halting her own words with a soft smile.
Dean felt Cas's irritation spike through him, which made the hunter chuckled lightly.
"What is your problem with it? It's just another part of your body," Cas said exasperated. "A beautiful part," he added quietly, admiring it.
"I know," Dean replied. "I know you. I can tell when I'm pushing you close to the edge. I know we can't just put you in true form mode without planning for it. I'll always be careful with you, Cas. Just like you're careful with me."
Cas tilted his head looking at Dean in confusion. “Dean, he quite clearly expressed that he was upset last night.”
"Yeah. Yeah, I'm good. Sam, I'm
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean began to fixate on making the experience perfect. He made sure they had plenty of lube and set out some washcloths and things, even though he knew Cas would mojo them clean. He wanted to put the effort forth at least. At one point he thought about music, but he decided that was just a bridge too far and nixed it. He did grab some other things from the bunker and bring them into his room, just in case.
“Never,” she hissed.
Cas looked at the hunter, and the world seemed less small. The walls that felt so imposingly near to him and the heavy air that felt like it was crushing him seemed to diminish.
"You don't remember? You prayed to me."
"CAS!" he bellowed as he threw open the car door and leapt out of the car, scrambling around. He felt sure that the angel could hear him somehow, aloud and in prayer. Dean was feeling hopeful for the first time in days. Then the necklace stopped. Dean clutched it as the metal became cool and unresponsive once more.
Charlie laughed, nibbling on something from her plate. "Dean, dude. I know. I got this. Go get a cucumber sandwich or… whatever these things are - they're really good - and just relax. It's all under total control."
"Guys! Come on!" Sam said, exasperated.
“Alright, Winchester. Tell me why I should help you.”
"Then enjoy it now. With me, Dean. Enjoy the 'girly' hearts. Enjoy the ‘chick-flicks’ and westerns and everything. Just be with me… Like you were last night. Like you were when you carved the heart. Don't think about the ending. Don't think about what other people think. It doesn't matter. Here - it's only me and you."
It also somewhat helped Cas to cope with the emotions within him, and their growing strength despite his returned grace. He felt joy like he’d never felt, love like he’d never dreamed, but in these moments when he felt despair, sadness, he could barely understand how humans lived through it. The heartache he felt was more real than any injury his vessel had ever sustained. The knowledge it would one day allow him to stay in Dean's Heaven was worth it all.
Castiel nodded, still standing close to Dean, and took another deep inhale through his nose, breathing in the heady scent of the alpha.
"I would terrify you. You would hate me. I have six wings, hundreds of eyes… multiple faces, so many arms. I'm enormous. There is an eternal celestial fire that's a part of my form - It's not a body or form you would think of as 'me'. It's more complicated than you could comprehend. It would be monstrous to you," Cas said seriously, looking away with a sigh.
"They're Yukon gold potatoes, seasoned, baked, and sprinkled lightly with truffle oil and sea salt."
"No, Cas." The hunter looked at him with anguished eyes. "You don't get it. I can't explain. It's not your fault, I just can't. Just forget about it."
"Relax. It just means they bitched at me. Complained, yelled. Anyway, Roy drove me there and then back to the shop to get the car. The whole way I heard about how dumb that was."
Eventually, Cas had captured all the honey and honeycomb he wanted and seemed satisfied with his work. He woke the bees and took the two jars of honey over to sit with him on the bench. He opened one of the jars and dipped a finger into the thick golden liquid. Without saying a word, he brought his finger to Dean’s lips.
Finally, Cas released him with a pop. He stood up and leaned his face close to Dean’s, but not quite sure if the hunter would want a kiss. Dean surprised him with his eagerness, meeting his lips firmly and kissing him deeply and slowly. The hunter let his tongue explore deeply, chasing the bitter flavor of himself on Cas.
Dean felt himself melting under the commands. He didn't think that Cas really believed he wanted the succubus, but he was plainly playing out something important here, and Dean didn't think more words were going to resolve whatever lingering doubts the angel had. If this is what he needed, that was fine with Dean. He wanted to push back on the one hand - Cas wasn't wrong that he had problems with authority - but something about knowing Cas was in control felt oddly safe, even now when he was being rough. He knew no matter what, Cas would never push him too far. He also trusted Cas to sense his emotions - Cas would listen, he'd feel it if things took a turn. He would never push Dean where he didn't feel comfortable.
"Like our trip to the beach?" Cas asked, more to encourage Dean to keep going than anything. Joy looked glorious on him and Cas wanted to see as much as possible.
"But you are. That won't work."
Sam and Eileen get married, but Dean is more nervous on the big day than the bride and groom. Everyone is there to celebrate, even Miracle. Dean has something he wants to say to Cas, but he doesn't quite know how to go about it. The night becomes a bigger celebration than intended.
That was the encouragement Cas needed. He fumbled around in the drawer of the bedside table for the lube, then slicked up his fingers, wasting no time pressing into Dean's tight hole, stretching him more impatiently than the angel usually dared. Cas scissored his fingers in choppy, wide motions until Dean seemed ready, moaning softly and bucking back onto Cas's fingers.
"I must beg your pardon for this, Mr. Winchester, but did you mate her? Even without the bite it may, with sufficient longing, cause separation syndrome."
"Dean," Cas said gently, placing a hand on his shoulder. It brought Dean out of whatever hyper fixation he was in too suddenly. Dean jerked with a shocked gasp, then tried to laugh the jumpy reaction off.
"I want to feel it when you come," the angel groaned, "want to feel your heartbeat, your walls swallowing me."
"I'm so tired. Never been this tired." He muttered. Cas tried not to react when Dean rested his chin on Castiel's shoulder. The weary hunter let himself melt into Cas so fully that  Cas was already wishing he didn't have to let go.
Dean wandered around as he talked to her, but Cas wasn't paying attention.
! That way the EVERYBODY can see the beautiful work they did and maybe just maybe they'll peep at the fic! If nothing else, it would let certainwonder know you loved their work on this.
"Not better. Different. Amazing."
Mary pulling a pie out of the oven and a 3-year-old Dean right beside her. Teaching Sammy to drive. Playing catch with Bobby. Having his first beer. His first day at his job. Kissing Cas sweetly on the cheek. "That's incredible, Jack. This is awesome." He couldn't help the single tear that fell after that, but he wiped it away as fast as he could.
"You're sure it wasn't too much? That was a long time. I got carried away. You looked so… beautiful like that."
"Dean, you are both foolish and dramatic," Samuel said with a chuckle. "Firstly, I can confirm Mr. Castiel is no illusion. He has truly brought you the flowers. Second, if you think I could not smell the after effects of your various courtships through the years, you are even more foolish than I have said. And, if you think I would let you live penniless for falling in love you are addled beyond repair. Finally, you fool, you will not die. You are already looking more lively every moment."
The wind stirred up around them, smelling of storms even though the day was clear. Dean heard the familiar whine of Castiel's true voice ringing in his ears as Cas shouted what must have been curses in Enochian, gasping with each brush of contact against the dripping oil glands.
Samuel chuckled. "I suppose, in a sense. I know I never got on well with father. I thought you would rather die than disappoint him."
"And what is it?"
"It is a second chance. And you are  going to do so well."
She asked.
. The beans coupled with the whole grain and squash form a complete protein. We aren't going to cut out meat from your diet, but diversity is the seasoning of life. You have to allow me to make new things for us."
He leaned up against Castiel, their backs against the bench. Cas cradled Dean in his arms and wrapped his wings around them. "Your wings always make me feel better, Cas. They're like this big, heated blanket that can love you."
"Good, good. Alright, if you're sure."
you can lord how 'right' you always are over me, Fonzie."
After a few moments, the call ended and Dean turned to Cas and began rattling off the to-do list to get Jack well.
"Some sorta fancy cheese. Brie I guess. Expensive shit. Did you like it?"
"Well, a spark plug is small. And it - well, it helps ignite the fuel in a car. So without it, your car doesn't run. That's oversimplifying, but you get my drift. Small, but...important."
“Do not call me ‘sir’. We are alone. And as soon as I am well, I will be told to leave my father’s home, I will no longer be a gentleman of high class and good breeding as you have said. It is just as well. I can never be myself here, and… you heard Sammy. What a fortune to have such a good brother. He will not leave me destitute, at the least.”
The former angel felt truly lost then, and he hoped to never find his way back.
"You guys are fighting?"
"Yeah, I mean, I love your wings. I'm into this, too. But - Cas if I explain the joke it's just not funny anymore."
he told himself.
"Cas!" He exclaimed, partly overjoyed that he was home, partly dreading whatever came next.
Cas looked away for a moment, then sweetly caressed the spot. He straddled Dean on the bed.
-see how heaven, the Empty, and the Chuck and Billie situations are fixed (again, not good writing or storytelling, I literally breeze through it because I don't care and that's not what this fic is about - this is not a real chapter, more of a mini summary with some dialogue)
"I am in frequent awe," Cas mumbled slowly, looking at Dean with an adoring and earnest expression, "that you can reduce me to a thoughtless, wild beast so easily."
His eyes were dark and his voice was low and raspy. "Let me hear it, Cas. Please. If you really want this I gotta hear you say it."
Dean shrugged with a soft smile. "Just having a really good day, Sammy. Cas said he's cooking dinner tonight. Wanna head out with me to grab the groceries?"
circumcised, um- well, before.”
Is 18,000 words a "chapter" or a whole freaking fic? So sorry it got so crazy long. I know I got ridiculouly wordy there, but this is my way of coping with things too and sometimes that means you're going to get more detail about things than anyone would reasonably want or need I guess!
"What do you mean?" Dean asked.
Sam kissed her very softly, for only a couple of seconds. As he pulled away from the chaste kiss, she stomped indignantly and said, "Come back here," and slipped her hands out of the handfasting cord to pull him in by the lapels for a slightly more vigorous kiss, leaving her lipstick on his face a little and the audience in a laughing fit.
The night had died down by a little past midnight. Those who were sober enough had begun to make noise if leaving, but no one had yet. Bobby and Donna had been given rooms for the night, but hadn't made their way to them. There was a soft comfortable chatter in the bunker.
He walked up to Dean and touched his forehead. He glanced at the clock. "Oh look, Dean, it's 6 o'clock," he said, feigning surprise.
"Can we get back to…?"
Suddenly the wind stopped just as Cas shouted the final word of the incantation. The crystals silenced their humming and the brightness of their glow faded.
"Okay. Last time I'm saying this. Yeah, I cared about her. I cared even more about Ben. It hurt when it was over, when I had to leave 'em, move on," he said, nodding sadly. Then he locked his eyes on Cas's and said "but Cas, I never felt about her or anyone else what I feel for you. I always wanted you."
That seemed ridiculously apropos at the moment.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"Shut your eyes. This is your rule."
am familiar with."
"Dean. Yes. I love you." Cas said, equal parts tender and exasperated with the lack of understanding the human seemed to have.
Dean blinked in thought.
-," (this was met with a concerned look from Sam who asked "what?", but Dean ignored him), "he's huge and crazy gorgeous and he's made of light and fire," - at this point Sam's eyebrows were lifted nearly to his hairline and his face made it evident he had no idea what Dean was talking about - "and there's no place I can think of to take him that's gonna impress him. I don't know. How can I compete with that, Sammy? Help me at least try. Where do you guys go?"
The angel sighed and breathed in Dean's scent - musky, the smell of leather, and something subtle and sweet. He smelled like home. His arms felt like home. "I'm glad too. I still can't really believe it. I didn't know you felt the same. I didn't know that longing and pain… was for me. My only regret is that you suffered so long, so needlessly. You deserve better."
"Are you alright?" Cas asked sweetly, putting his hand on Dean's shoulder. Dean nodded.
Cas nodded and grabbed Dean's hand to place it over his own heart.
"Well... Jack said it was because I chose free will over heaven - I chose you. I lived on Earth. I have been human myself, for a time. My soul - it's small, like a seed. It's still growing," he said, pondering.
"I know that," Cas said impatiently. "Why?"
he thought.
"Oh yeah. Lots more of that. What else?"
Cas set aside the empty bottle and began burping Jack again, wishing he could disappear. But instead of listening to his inner voice saying to back off, he sighed and gave Dean a wide eyed, yearning look.
"Cas, I'm sorry-,"
"He's not. He's all full-powered smiting badass again. And even if somehow something did happen, Jack would have told us - if he'd even let anything bad happen to Cas to begin with."
Cas sighed, feeling a little more relief sink in. Dean wrapped him back into a hug, very slightly swaying back and forth, shushing him softly.
"It was a nice idea to bring mom back. I miss her, so much. But like I said, she's happy and it was dangerous for you to go back there - or then, I guess. And I'll never get over what happened, not totally, but shit, he was soulless. I've been a demon, I've killed innocent people. That haunts me. But it's not Jack's fault. Really, it was Chuck if you think about it." He said, spitting out the spent deity's name. "I'm trying to come to peace with mom. And I am, slowly. It makes it easier knowing she's happy."
Cas’s left hand snaked down and awkwardly poked around and swirled, trying to mimic Dean’s earlier behavior.
"Yes."
“Is that a good ‘wow’?”
“Stitches?” Sam asked sympathetically.
Sorry about lying about the number of chapters. It was definitely not my intention, but it got really long and out of hand!
Dean came out of his room, only to bolt out to the garage in a flurry of furious motion and not one word.
"Did it feel bad when you punched me? Or when I stabbed you?"
Sam rolled his eyes and barked out a laugh. "Dean, everyone knew. Everyone."
"Okay. Any special
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas was sure Dean was going to be absolutely pissed. But he frankly didn't care. He
"Did you know that the milk that mother seals make is fifty percent fat?" Cas asked cheerfully.
He kept it up for a while longer until his thumbs ached and his cock was throbbing and hard, and Cas was spasming and glowing so brightly it was more accurate now to say he was burning. Dean couldn't see anything but light, brilliant white light.
"Again? Uh, I dunno- have you seen Cas?"
Then Dean was sobbing. With want and need, but also because of all the sweet things Cas was saying. Each word of praise and adoration the angel gave him added to the sensation and the ache inside. Each sentence was like a precious offering, giving him permission to feel the warmth and dedication and let it wash over him in a complete and all-consuming sense. He felt so vulnerable and sensitive, but also loved, adored - worshipped, even.
Castiel moaned sweetly as he allowed his eyes to rake over Dean's natural form, unclothed and lovely. "Oh, you are even more beautiful than I had imagined."
Cas grinned back with that lopsided tilt of his mouth he sometimes got when he was relaxed. "I'm pleased to hear that. I won't tire of it either."
"I should have guessed. I knew her scent was changed, I simply could not place it. And she did not take wine with her supper. How wonderful! Congratulations, Sammy! I am so thrilled for you and Eileen," Dean said with a beaming smile.
Dean reached his other hand across the table, gasping the seraph's hand in both of his own. He gave him a serious look, holding his eyes in his gaze. "Cas, let's agree to something here and now, okay? Let's talk about it with each other before we do anything stupid. That way, we either go in to do the stupid thing together, or hopefully we can talk each other out of it. Capiche?"
Dean got on his knees to get the long primaries, pausing to kiss the skin between Castiel's wings softly before continuing his work.
Dean settled a throaty hum against Cas’s ear once more that made his skin feel hot and tingly all over.Then Dean whispered in a low gravelly voice, "I want to suck your dick, Cas. How does that sound?" The hunter began nibbling his earlobe.
"I don't experience a strong attraction to anyone but you, yet I do occasionally…
"Yeah, yeah Sammy. I love you. Now, fuckin' let me go. It's almost time for your first dance," Dean said, sniffing a little before trying to laugh it off.
"If you spent grace last night, how is it getting stronger?" The hunter asked him.
"I didn't want a dog when we lived in motels or the Impala. But we have a home now, we can have a dog. And I had this spell thing where I was talking to a dog once and sort of
“Uh… she’s getting dressed. Since I called you guys.”
Dean began slowly bobbing, sucking lightly then harder, lightly then harder, over and over. He began swiping his tongue along the underside of Cas’s length in a rolling motion that reminded Cas of the ebb and flow of the tides, all the while keeping his maddeningly slow pace. Cas thought maybe he understood a little better why the French called it “la petite mort” now because all this sensation was surely about to kill him.
“I love you too, Dean,” Cas whispered, and Dean turned with a smile to walk toward the range.
"We need to clean it and move this bed out to make room for the crib - that's what's in the box you're holding- and the changing table and stuff."
It turned out that Cas did not like The Magnificent Seven.
"I thought I was supposed to handle him," Cas inquired.
Cas chuckled softly. "That's alright. It's a very nice gesture."
Dean continued walking and picking up every interesting shell or bit of sea glass, shoving it into his trunk pockets until he could hear them tinkling softly when he walked. Cas followed along, idly telling him about the ocean creatures that used to inhabit them.
Cas nodded thoughtfully. "What did you have in mind?"
Cas lifted his eyebrows, trying to recall and muddle his way through this utterly ineffective conversation. He looked at Dean and tapped his neck in the spot.
Cas sighed and stared Dean down. Upon seeing he wasn't going to back down, he crossed his arms and muttered,  "Not a western."
Cas shook his head. "Nothing. I have to take care of something. I'll be back."
Cas grasped Dean's hand. "I'm sorry," he said with a forlorn expression.
"Give me another marshmallow," the angel commanded, readying the plate with the components. Dean chuckled and gave him one.
? Why did you not pray to me or use the bond? I can heal you. You don't
"Then what are you worried about?"
Dean finally looked back at Cas and chuckled. "You'll have to get used to a lot more than that. Cas. You'll have to eat and shave and… and you'll get old. You'll...die one day."
"That's a cool gift. You're awesome. Thanks, sunshine," Dean said with a dopey grin.
The hunter laughed. "Alright, put your clothes on and take me home and...hold me or whatever,
"I bet you ten bucks I can make it romantic even with Jack there."
Dean finished his breakfast and told Cas he'd meet him outside. When the angel had left the bunker, Dean darted into his room and put a knife and the holy oil-cured glasses into his coat pockets. He took a deep breath - he couldn't tell if he was excited or nervous. He decided it was probably both. The hunter sent Sam a quick text to stay away from the garden and then headed to join Castiel, trying to tame the wild beating of his heart.
"C'mon, what's your favorite?" the hunter chided, playfully bumping him with his elbow.
"I adore your freckles."
"There's nothing to fix, Dean. He's learning and taking his time, he's not broken," Cas stated crossly.
Cas observed Dean talking to Miracle in a ridiculous voice, shaking his head and tussling his fur. "He doesn't have a preference as long as we pet him."
"What is this? What the hell is this?" He said, pointing at the furry infiltrator.
“There’s no reason to stop it. They’re simply benign entertainment to him.” Cas held Jack, trying to study his mouth through the cascade of tiny bubbles. Jack squirmed and squealed joyfully in his grasp. Eventually, Cas was satisfied by the examination and placed him back down, where he rolled over onto his back again immediately to watch the bubbles spiral towards the ceiling, kicking and squealing joyfully. One purple bubble came out of his nose and he giggled even harder.
Dean cheerfully staggered towards the bathroom. When he had taken care of business and staggered back, Cas was leaned against the doorway, looking ravishing in his white oxford and his sleeves still pushed up to his elbows, no jacket or trench or tie.
“I gotta make it up to you.”
Dean could swear that Cas' wings glowed more brightly for a moment and Dean heard the familiar shrill noise of Cas' true angelic voice buzzing faintly in the underlying tone of his lover's shout as he came. Another gush of air burst through Dean's room, again strong with the scents of ozone and petrichor.
"Save it, Rapunzel. Fix him. I'm fine."
Cas shook his head and composed himself, taking a deep breath. He leaned very close to the hunter and spoke in that soft, low voice, "Dean I have wanted you for so long." He paused, sighing. "Allow me to be very clear since that is a problem between us - I want you sexually. Very strongly. And I have for years."
Dean bucked into his angel once more, staying deep inside him as he groaned with his release. Cas was still glowing but the holy light was slowly receding, leaving him panting and watching with ardor in his eyes as his righteous man spasmed below him. The angel rocked sweetly for Dean to carry him through, sighing tenderly.
“Jizz?” Cass asked, uncertain.
The words seemed to cause a mixed reaction in Dean. He licked his lips and subdued a smile, then he looked down and nibbled at his lower lip, furrowing his brow. Cas could almost see it in his eyes when it all finally clicked into place. Dean knew Cas’s true feelings now without a doubt and now Cas had to wait for his response.
"’Pack and play’, tsk! I still say it's a baby cage," Rowena called, pointing to the pack and play with a scowl. Sam made a dismissive gesture with his hand.
"Whoa! You're so bright, Cas," Dean said in wonderment, grinning like a fool.
Cas ignored the joke. "Remember back to when we spirit bonded.  I know it fades, like a dream, but…" Cas made a frustrated face and put his hand on the mark on Dean's shoulder. He gave the hunter an anguished, entreating look.
As he stirred the milk, butter, and cheese in the saucepan over the stove, however, he felt fear like cold iron bars wrapped tight around his chest. He didn't need to breathe, which was good because he felt like he
Dean took an enormous bite. He attempted to groan and say "this is good," but with his mouth full of pancakes it was hard to make out the words.
It turned out that he hated making the tape. First of all, the radio DJ had to be coaxed with a little grace and many phone calls - which Cas also hated doing - into playing the songs he desired to put on the tape because he wasn't sure how else he was going to get Taylor Swift on there otherwise. He was sure Dean knew a better way, but he couldn't exactly ask him.
Cas felt the all too human sensation of a blush creeping up from his neck and painting his face. He ducked into the first bedroom and once he had the door shut, he looked at the phone again.
He nibbled at his breakfast quietly for a few moments before looking up and Cas. "You could tell he was dancing, right?" he asked the angel more softly.
Cas shrugged. "I don't think people have to wed to make vows like that."
After a pregnant moment, Dean sighed, giving Cas a sheepish look. "No," he admitted. He dropped the cigarette and stomped out the burning ember beneath his boot, grinding it into the dirt and leaves that crunched slightly.
Cas nodded, observing the bubbles and the softly cooing child. “I’m aware. But this poses no threat. It’s harmless magic.”
"My family are wealthy alphas. They send me my share of the family wealth monthly. I only live this way because I am an oddity - an omega among alphas. I still received education and I still attend the family gatherings and they still write to me and care for me. I'm by no means wealthy, but hardly poor either, my social class as omega is all that separates me from your world. You will not be hungry or homeless, you will only have more modest accommodations than you are used to. This is especially true if your brother means to assist you."
“It’s sprained. You’re bruised and battered to all hell, but nothing that some time and hunter’s helper won’t fix,” Dean grumbled, shoving cheap whisky into Sam’s hand. “I’m not wasting the painkillers on this, so bottom’s up, kid.”
“I worry about Jack. I know you wanted to change him back,” he admitted to Sam.
"No."
Cas just blinked at him and tilted his head in puzzlement.
The cry for help fell on deaf ears.
Dean fell asleep like that, entwined with the angel, satisfied, secure. For once, Castiel couldn't feel the insatiable pain and longing from Dean. Just warmth and love.
Cas was hopeful for a moment that would work as Dean pondered.
Eileen giggled and held out a hand for a high-five to Sam, which he returned with a disbelieving smile.
"Of course I do, why else would I say it?" Cas said, furrowing his brow.
"Mmm," the angel hummed soft and low, leaning down and pushing Dean's collar aside to suck on his neck lightly.
“Well, maybe I do find you attractive, numbnuts.”
Dean laughed again, not in amusement, but in bafflement. Still, the hunter smiled after a moment and gave the angel a softer look. "Cas, what kinda angel wants to play house? Are you still sick or something?" It was meant to be a joke, but Castiel could see that Dean was truly trying to test the strength of Cas’s commitment to this idea.
"I told Garth to ask you."
“Yeah,” Dean laughed, swinging Cas's arm playfully between them, “I know.”
"God, could the moon hit its stupid zenith any fucking slower?" Dean complained.
"Kisses?" He asked. "I knew it was useful for spells. It can conjure kisses?" He offered Eileen his arm to help her down from the chair. She didn't need it but it seemed polite.
A sudden crashing and a scream from the dungeon had Cas and Dean running down the hall, and seeing them take off had Eileen not far behind them.
Sam sighed. He had a feeling this was going to be a long night.
as well,” he accentuated with air quotes. “The one on my neck - I liked that. I find myself wanting more of that."
"Dean, you don't have to convince me. Jack even in his adult form was essentially a toddler. The power of God on the hands of a child? I never thought we should rush him," Castiel said, taking Dean's hand gently.
"This pie really is the best I've ever had, though. I wasn't pretending that part."
Sam couldn't wrap his head around the thought that they were all willing to let Jack be a baby if it meant "Death will reign". It seemed pretty obvious to him that they needed to do everything in their power to prevent that.
“I said we should go,” Cas said simply with a shrug, standing up, “Go pack your cooler. I’ll fly us there.”
Finally, Cas could take no more. He picked up the baby and marched toward Dean's room.
The first thing he heard was a repetitive slamming of something plastic followed by smaller tinkling noises.
"Stop speaking," Cas said low and serious, approaching Dean,  "and turn around. Face the wall."
"Me too. And I want you to choke me."
What do you think of our beautiful boys getting hobbies? Is that something you want to explore more? I think I do! I'm loving the domestic stuff. Don't worry, Sam will be back next chapter. I didn't shove him and Eileen out entirely, I think Saileen is so soft and sweet, I wouldn't forget them (I won't write smut with them probably, just doesn't motivate me right now, but I love them and want to have some cute moments. And don't worry, Dean won't bottom forever. I have some plans for him coming up. He just needed, uhhhhh, let's call it a certain kind of comfort that only Cas could provide in that moment. Hopefully, I explained that well. You'll have to let me know in the comments what you thought! Your feedback keeps me going!
right now and you crawled into some creepy old place hidden in the dirt in Kansas with me."
Dean quirked his head as he processed the thought. "Jody? You're in Sioux Falls?"
Dean shook his head, not understanding.
"I, Samuel Winchester, take thee, Eileen Leahy, to be my wedded wife, to have and to hold from this day forward, for richer, for poorer…"
"I agree, it is 'awesome'. I'm glad you're so happy. I am resoundingly euphoric myself," the angel said with an equally saccharine smile. He laid next to Dean, stroking his hair, and the hunter hummed a happy sound in response.
“Nah, just give me the condensed edition.”
“Ew,” she laughed playfully, “But that’s sexy. Good for you, Cas. You’ve wanted this for so long.”
"That is not something I knew about you "
Cas sighed. He pouted a bit - though he would never admit to it - and gently kissed the bandage again, barely even pressing his lips to it.
Now that he was out of sight of anyone who could come by he allowed himself to indulge in the scent of his heart's desire - the intoxicating aroma of flowers and honey and salty sweat and rich earth - Castiel Novak. The humble groundskeeper. His blood was burning in his veins and in these moments he stole with the forbidden fruit of a lower ranking man were truly the only times he felt freedom or passion in the past year. Dean always stopped himself, but only barely, from giving into his body’s desire to turn into a rutting fool in the presence of Castiel. Each encounter left him hungry in a deep and primitive way. It both thrilled him and appalled him.
Dean nodded hesitantly. Cas was talking with Jack over by the food table. He decided to head over to them, unsure of what else to do. He grabbed Castiel's hand, needing to feel his calming vibes. He wanted to snuggle into Cas's wings, but no one else could see them and there were normal people here, so he just grabbed Castiel's hand instead.
"We could… kiss again."
Cas was breathing along with Dean, and every time the hunter said his name he felt a little less inclined to remain a bystander. But he wanted to see how the man pleasured himself. Partly out of genuine curiosity, and partly because he wanted to see this vulnerability in the hunter.
A few weeks later, Dean and Cas were in the Dean Cave having a western marathon at Dean's insistence. Cas felt less inclined than ever now that he had his grace and wings fully restored to sit around and watch depressing unrealistic movies, but it made Dean happy. He also didn't mind the popcorn.
Dean made his way over to Cas, casually threading his fingers between Castiel’s.
Cas then slid off the bed and spread Dean's feet wide apart so he was spread eagled. "Still comfortable?"
The hunter wasted no time after Cas relieved him of the baby by bounding up the stairs two at a time and zipping off to the garage. “See ya, suckers!” he laughed before slamming the door shut.
“Really? Is that right?” Dean snarked, scoffing. “Yeah, I guess I’m a little pissed! Let’s see - we haven’t left this place in over a month and there’s people dying out there. But we need the warding because you two haven’t figured out how to help Skywalker wield the fucking Force already. I’ve cleaned the car, I’ve cleaned the guns, I’ve cleaned the bunker. There ain’t a thing left to do in here and there’s so much going on out there. And I’m sitting here with my thumb up my ass while it happens! So yeah! I’m going nuts.”
Cas stood up at the end of the bed, looking down at Dean. "I want to watch you come apart," he said, his voice low.
“Can I - uhhhhhhh, fuck - can I come in your mouth please FUCK, Cas, fuck, God, please,” came the first string of words that made any sense from Dean in an urgent burst of words.
He put down the bags and went dashing back up to the garage. Cas made a sound of protest.
“This is awkward,” he said, ignoring Dean whistling an upbeat tune as he began to make his breakfast.
"Yeah, yeah. Later he'll like you best when I get up and stop petting him."
! You can reblog the art directly
"There," he said firmly, pointing to a particularly verdant patch of grass on a slight rise between two small flower beds. Both beds were budding with large irises and soft yellow roses. "That's the spot. Romantic enough for ya, huggy bear?" He asked smugly.
As Cas worked, Dean sat with him and practiced playing his guitar. He did so often, even if it was typically in short bursts and he especially loved to do it in the garden. He'd gotten pretty good, although he would fuss at the occasional botched fingering or bad notes on unfamiliar songs. Today though, he was mostly watching Cas weed the garden as he played Something by the Beatles, nice and slow.
Dean shook his head, still not following. "I guess just… that's not how I wanna be. I wanna do better," he shrugged. Getting to the point with Cas could take a while, but he felt sure that no one else in the world had the patience to walk him through these sorts of things, so he resolved not to be boneheaded about it this time.
"I know but, geez!"
" 'Course. Yeah. Rest your head. I'll get us home," Dean said, withdrawing his hand.
The garage was filled with the small echoes of sweet moans and gasps, much more innocuous than their activities moments prior. They became lost in the rhythm, moving together perfectly for what felt like ages. Cas pressed small, tender kisses into the hunter’s jaw, below his ear, nibbling delicately on his earlobe, and savoring the tantalizing soft sounds Dean was making in his ear. Dean was able to reach the fronts of Castiel’s wings, and he couldn’t help but grasp the feathers, making the angel shudder and move just a little more urgently, but still in a delicately amorous pace.
"It isn't that old. But I like you. You're older than that."
"I was 'hot' and now I'm 'cool'? And what does that refer to?" Cas asked, amused by Dean's babbling.
“Say that five times fast,” Dean chuckled.
Cas couldn't help but comply. He recognized the word as a new term of endearment and it made him smile softly. Whether he felt he deserved it or not, the fact they were talking and close again made him ecstatic.
Cas stifled a gasp and felt like reality bent and time stood still for a moment. The air was still and the Bunker was silent, reverent.
"I love you too. I have come to a realization." Cas said, still laughing.
Cas sighed and gave Dean a woeful glance. "That wasn't appropriate or true. I'm sorry I said that."
Dean, however did not wish to marry whatsoever, preferring instead to keep the discreet company of omegas. Discreet because he could pay them handsomely and command them to keep quiet about his comings and goings and they would tell not a soul. The elder Winchester preferred the company and those he could count on to follow his lead loyally - not the snide and gossiping people of the tier of society he felt cursed to live in. He preferred a partner who did not expect him to always do what is prudent rather than what is enjoyable or kind. He preferred someone with good manners, regardless of class or family status.
“Aye, he’s eaten just a bit of everything today. He had a wee bottle, some cereal, a nibble of teddy bear face, a wee scrimpet of Samuel’s oatmeal, and he ate half a jar of smashed carrots. He’s a hungry laddie,” Rowena answered, although she used an absurd, squealing tone and smiled at Jack the whole time as if Cas was an imaginary voice on the wind.
"Maybe you're right," Dean whispered, curling fingers softly through the feathers.
“That sounds simple.”
! That way the EVERYBODY can see the beautiful work they did and maybe just maybe they'll peep at the fic! If nothing else, it would let certainwonder know you loved their work on this.
Dean hummed in appreciation. "What? Studying?"
Cas made one palm hot and one palm cold. He slowly snaked a cold trail down Dean's sternum, stomach, down low, and rested it for a brief moment on the dip of his pelvis. As Dean smiled and shivered, Cas bit a lip, then took the cold hand away, tracing the same trail again but with heat. Dean made a small sound, and his muscles beneath Castiel's hands seemed to roll as he squirmed in response.
“What role, Cas? There’s no role! Just be you! We talked about this for fuck’s sake," Dean barked.
He awkwardly bopped his head to the beat for a few moments with a sheepish smile. "Don't tell Sam I said that or I will never touch your wings again."
"I'm still upset, you know," Dean said quietly, holding Cas's gaze. "But that doesn't mean I don't still… ya know… love you." He nibbled on a fry, brow furrowed. "It doesn't mean I'll be mad forever. You just gotta give me time and show me you're not gonna keep this type of shit up." He looked at Cas, still eating as he spoke. He seemed sad, but tender in a way. It gave Cas a funny uncomfortable feeling in his chest that he couldn't quite describe.
Dean leaned over and grabbed the lube. "Are you ready, Cas?"
Cas scowled. "I can make them forget. Give me your hand."
Cas’s heart sank. “I… don’t know. I hoped that you would still feel the same…” Cas felt dizzy and like the walls of his vessel - his body - were constricting so that he couldn’t breathe. Tears stung at his eyes and he blinked them away.
Cas quickly lubed his cock and then nervously pressed himself against Dean, hesitating. He didn't want to hurt him.
Cas gave Dean a sympathetic look and then smiled softly at Jack, who was finally calm and gurgling softly with the occasional woeful look and jagged breath.
It wasn't long before their chatting ended, and Dean drifted off to sleep in Castiel's arms. Cas liked to put a wing over him as he slept and the warmth and the softness and the smell of Cas – the sweeping summer rains and sharp lightning scent – soothed him into comfort and contented sleep.
to go to a doctor. Come, let
“Uhhhmm, Daddy….?”
Part two of the same chapter (I know, probably cringey. It just seemed right).
"Jack, your other dad is killin' me, man," he whispered.
"Did you do that?" the hunter asked with a fond look.
Cas's eyebrows went up in surprise, then back down as he contemplated the logistics of such an entanglement. Eventually, he just nodded at Dean. "I suppose that would be distracting."
She scoffed and walked off, ponytail bobbing behind her. "SARAH, SOME CUSTOMERS WANNA TALK WITH YOU," she shouted as she walked back into the kitchen.
Dean's eyes snapped up and locked onto Cas. "What?"
He stood up and gave Cas a shy, quick kiss on the cheek. He was still a little self-conscious about PDA, but he felt a little braver everyday. No one had even paid attention to their kiss.
“Can I touch you?” Cas breathed the question like a prayer.
"This sunscreen is faulty," he announced.
He groaned and took a moment to absorb how completely preposterous that thought was with a deep sigh.
! You can reblog the art directly
“You both need to stop - now,” Cas stated in a calm yet firm tone. The command went entirely unnoticed.
and I am not in the mood to be Bruce the Shark's fuckin' snack! Come
"Cas, what's up?"
Dean quietly slipped into his room alone one night not long after Sammy's impromptu lecture series. He locked the door and nervously dialed three digits on his phone.
“Dean, you have no way of comprehending what you’re truly saying...please,” Cas said desperately, voice breaking. This human was going to kill him and he had no idea what he was even doing.
Rowena's eyes went wide with delight and surprise. "Oh my," she squealed, "About time! How long?"
"We want you to use your scythe to destroy the crystals. Destroy that power. No one being needs that much power. We figured… balance is your thing. Thought this might be a good scratch our back and we'll scratch yours kinda moment.”
“You don’t have a dick.”
"We should put sigils on the outside of the door too."
Cas beamed at him. He used to think he was happy just to live alongside Dean even though he thought he could never quite have him. But this - bliss. To walk on the beach with his
"Cas, maybe I need this then, okay? … Humor me. You can't change my mind."
"Yeah, ‘cause I need it. Need you. Please?" The hunter whispered as he placed a slow, tender kiss on the shell of his ear.
"I know. It's alright. I don't mind," Cas said, smiling warmly up at him.
The three drove from the Bunker to the park. Dean had slipped out for several minutes earlier to get the groceries and wouldn't let Cas near the kitchen while he prepared the basket.
Dean rested his forehead on Castiel's. "I don't know how far you want this to go, Cas." He said it like a statement but the angel knew Dean well enough to be well aware that it was a question. "I will go wherever you will. I want to experience everything with you.' Cas said. "You mean it?" Dean smiled "But, um… I mean tonight. I'm pretty, um…  fired up right now. But I don't want to do anything you to feel like we have to do anything you aren't ready for." Dean said softly. Cas looked into the soft jade eyes and said, "You want to know if I want intercourse tonight? Yes. Yes, I do," Cas said emphatically. Dean couldn't help but laugh at the way Castiel said it. Cas gave him a quizzical look but shrugged it off. "Do you? Want intercourse, that is?" Cas asked. Dean laughed again and then decided Cas might need a bit of coaching on pillow talk. He grabbed Cas and nibbled his earlobe, which earned him a soft moan. "Yeah, Cas. I want you. All of you. I...need you. Badly. So, so badly," He whispered, breathily in a low tone into his angel's ear. Cas shuddered at that and his breath hitched. The hunter felt a thrill of satisfaction at causing that reaction with his words.
Dean scoffed at that. "I can do better than that. Close your eyes, Cas," he instructed.
“No, I don’t mean your wings.”
Dean thought for a moment. "Sand boobs and a mermaid tail," he decided with a firm expression.
"Do you want to stop, Dean?" Cas asked, tilting his head slightly and letting his hand rest on Dean's elbow.
"You've been months without one. Is it worth it? I can't heal you as regularly as I once could." Cas kept his voice level and soft, as he'd learned to do with Jack. Dean seemed similarly fragile right now.
"Okay, Cas. That's fine," Dean said, smiling.
Still, the tape, however far off-beat it was from Dean's tastes, showed a lot of Castiel's heart. He struggled to put words to his emotions at times, more so even than Dean. The music was so sad when put into the context of what he was trying to express.
"Yes?"
Cas sat next to him and took it with a strange look, slowly looking at the knife, then the heart, then back at Dean.
"Sam needs to stop running his damn mouth. I didn't get to practice much living on the road. I was never any good. I don't remember how anyway."
"It's alright. It's my fault."
"Why so serious?" Dean knew he was being avoidant, but he at least wanted Cas to talk about his feelings.
Cas thought of embracing him, but he got the sense that would overwhelm the hunter right now. He simply stroked his thumb along the back of Dean's hand gently instead, giving him a kind, loving smile. He looked into Dean's eyes, trying to see into him, trying to pick apart the emotions Dean was giving off.
Dean exhaled sharply and cracked his knuckles. "The other stuff on those tablets did real stuff."
"Do you know how embarrassing this is? No one else knows this stuff!"
"You're a good cook, Cas. But it takes a little extra skill to make a good s'more. Let me show you," Dean said with a smile, putting the marshmallows on the sticks, and handing one to Cas.
The hunter slammed his coffee down on the end table and walked away, brisk and bristling with anger.
Cas didn't know what to say. He knew what he wanted to say, but he didn't think it was what Dean needed. He stayed quiet, but slowly returned the tightened embrace. He had to keep himself from breathing the warm, woodsy scent of the hunter under the fading cigarette smoke.
"Oh, this is a real nice one, Cas," he said, smiling as he admired the soft brown leather and stamped silver embellishments, turning it over in his hands. Cas glowed as he admired the excited smile on Dean’s face. Dean put it on. “What do you think?”
Eileen nodded again, but still felt uneasy. She turned her attention to Jack, who was smiling and playing with her hair, shoving a fistful into his mouth cheerfully and shouting with delight. “Auntie Eileen is gonna teach you to sign,” she murmured with a smile. “You’ll be able to say you’re hungry, thirsty, please, thank you, all sorts of stuff.” She held his hand and then began to pose his tiny fingers into a sign.
“Come back,” Cas muttered weakly and pulled him closer for another kiss. This one was lazy and soft and messy, but he didn’t care. Dean smiled into the kiss with a hum. The taste still lingered in their kisses
“Love you, Dad, love you, Papa," with a wide, innocent grin that betrayed his childhood before he dissolved into light, dissipating his form back into the Universe.
"She too found strength and comfort in traditionally masculine gender stereotypes and had a desire to keep others safe. She struggles to follow orders," Cas gave him a pointed look here, "and her hobbies include eating and watching tv."
The young man smiled. “Yeah, it was my grandad’s.”
Rowena nodded and Sam scoffed. Dean relaxed slightly.
"This is so nice. I very much enjoy this. Normally I don't preen, I just use my grace to maintain my wings and keep them clean, but this is… it's different. Nice. Certainly, no one else has ever preened me," the angel said with a contented sigh. He shifted a bit on the bench and opened up the wing so Dean could better tend to each feather. "I've only ever preened myself before."
Finally, Jack's cry got their attention. The brothers paused their argument long enough to see the overwhelmed child in the midst of a panic. The Winchesters glanced back at each other for a moment, the anger still alight in their eyes, but the concern washed over them immediately and they guiltily abandoned their argument to soothe the boy.
When they got in the water, Dean let himself slip beneath the surface, trying to get the sand out of his hair. He swam out fairly deep to where he could no longer touch, Cas behind him. He opened his eyes - it stung a little and the water was a bit murky this close to shore, but the light still looked lovely. He saw a seashell in the sand and moved a few feet to pick it up. As he turned around to push off the ocean floor, he came nose to nose with a huge dark shape. It took a moment for him to understand what he was seeing.
thing, it was the last thing I
Dean shook his head and sighed. "You know what I'm asking. And I'm not stupid enough to be fooled by that, dammit," he hissed, and rubbed his face in his hands.
Dean turned his gaze back to the angel then. "What sorta good ways d'you have in mind?" He gave Cas a wicked grin.
Dean dove to the floor, kneeling next to the angel and grabbing his face so he could look in Castiel's eyes.
“But, y’know - soon we’re gonna do all of it. The whole nine yards. ‘Cause I wanna feel you inside me, Cas.”
"Sure thing, cutie," she said with a wink. Then she hesitated as she eyed hin. scribbling on her pad. "Hey, didn't you work on my brother's car last week? I remember you."
"Cas," Dean said, voice breaking, "I never wanted you to go. I never said that. Please come home. I'm asking now. Please don't leave."
, man. You could be anywhere in the
As if on cue, Charlie, assisted by Emily, began her spirited announcement about the quiet space outside the venue and to prepare for some loud tunes. Guests were instructed to whirl their white cloth napkins around rather than tapping their glass to get the couple to kiss, which of course they did immediately. Earplugs were also available in a dispenser by the bathrooms for hearing folks if the sound was too much.
Dean blushed and led Sam out of the kitchen with a hard grip to his arm and leaving  Jack and Cas alone. The angel shrugged off the peculiar behavior and began to tell Jack a story about the formation of his favorite mountain range.
He stood there for a moment- angry, embarrassed - but it didn't hurt. He realized that just like Dean, it was just an accident. But for him, it didn't hurt at all. It was the same as if the liquid was room temperature. He was an angel, but Dean was human. He stood there, frozen in his vessel, thinking that if this had happened to Dean, he would be burned all over his body, where the sauce was bubbling on his arms and all down his shirt and pants, dripping down to coat the tops of his feet. Would Dean even let him heal him?
He was trying to hold back tears. Unlike Dean, he didn’t find tears shameful, but he did find them concerning. They were another reminder that he was more human and more in his vessel sometimes than angel now. He supposed he should find that upsetting, but he couldn’t help but think this was right. This was where he was always meant to be. With Dean.
“Oh, shit,” Dean breathed. “That’s really somethin’, sunshine. You didn’t look at me
The men admired their sweetly snoozing babe in the crib once Cas got him down. Dean turned off his flash and snapped a blurry picture, which he immediately sent to Jody. They silently held hands, just watching him sleep. This was beautiful. This was all Dean had never known he needed. This togetherness, this chance to do better. Cas was the same. This family unit was not the homogenous loyalty of Heavenly automatons like his angelic brothers and sisters. This was a reality that in all his eons had never dared to dream of.
Dean felt a flare of irritation. The arms did not move, but every one of the hundreds of eyes rolled.
"Yeah, yeah. Likewise," Dean said. His voice was sarcastic, but he didn't pull away from the hug.
"Welcome to Buffalo Roam, fellas, my name is Karen, what can I get you to drink?" A peppy waitress said, bouncing up to the table.
Dean pulled Cas deeper into the water, watching as his wings dipped below the surface and then he just kept pulling, bringing Cas deeper until they were standing in the water up to their shoulders, swaying, suspended in the water as swells of gentle waves lifted them barely off the ocean floor then brought them back down, over and over.
"It was a joke, Cas. Soberize me."
When at last they uncoupled and made their way out of the room, Dean turned back toward Jack and whispered with teary eyes, "Never grow up."
Dean was angry about the nonsequitur. Cas always spoke in such ethereal ways when he was feeling distant from Dean and it made it hard for the hunter to pull him back. His drunken mind was not helping matters. He felt frustrated at not knowing what to say and how to process all of this. Cas had just unloaded a lot of heavy shit and Dean's brain was working through it too slowly for his liking.
Cas sighed and flung himself back on the bed. "Ow," he muttered, rubbing his head.
They were still woefully unprepared. The succubus bit Dean during a struggle to stake her in the heart. He then turned on Sam and began to continuously profess his undying desire to fuck her senseless, at which point she absconded with him to an ominous nest she had made in the woods near the edge of town, surrounded by an orb of thrashing thorny vines. By the time Sam caught up, he was mortified on multiple levels to discover the succubus had nearly finished undressing his venom-addled brother while dancing seductively before him, and Dean was incredibly enthusiastic about it, eagerly stripping off the last of his clothes. “I need brain bleach,” Sam muttered, trying to sneak closer, but he could not get close to them through her bizarre nest of shifting thorny vines he could not seem to cut through. He did shoot her, but she just hissed angrily at him and kept on going, giving Dean another venom laced kiss.
Dean let his eyes rake over the angel slowly, then met his eyes again. “I’m gonna suck you off.”
The hunter hesitated in the doorway, half-turning back to the angel. "Hey, Cas - it's okay. No big deal, alright? I promise to wear gloves next time. Don't sweat it. Relax. I promise, I'm fine."
"Cas, I'm sorry," he said suddenly.
what I'm doing.”
, Dean thought. Yet, he nodded.
Dean clenched his jaw and balled his hands into fists, digging his fingernails deep into his palms. "I don't have to explain myself - or my partner - to anyone!" Dean said, voice raised, "But if you just gotta know, I'm
Dean patted Sam on the shoulder.
?" She asked, offended, casting a disgusted look at the two of them. Cas gave her a serious look - if she was a demon Dean might think he was on the verge of smiting.
“Nah, you were up all night too, I wanted you to sleep in.”
Camera flashes, streamers, confetti shooting out of unused New Years' poppers, party blowers - Dean jumped and his stance became defensive out of the sudden adrenaline of the moment before he relaxed as his brain caught up. It was just Sam, Cas, Eileen, and Jack. The spike of adrenaline began to wash away when he realized he was
