It's still strange, standing here. He still feels uncomfortable and the sight of the open bedroom doorway still gives him chills. He suspects some things always will.
Dean froze.
"Yeah, like gay pride," Sam said. Seeing that Cas was still wearing his 'I may be human now but that doesn't mean I understand you' expression, he continued. "It's a month where-"
thing, during Cas's stint as a human that had gone right? Or at least not soul-crushingly
"Charlie hasn't found anything?" Sam asks. Dean busies himself with the book, looking down at it rather than Sam's drawn, too-cautious face. Dean grunts.
"Anyone turn in a charger lately?" Jordan asks. "I think I left mine here the other day. Micro USB, black?"
The Queen stood in the prince's chamber, scowling darkly as she surveyed the scene. There was a makeshift rope made out of bed linens hanging out the window, which Naomi took a moment to glare at as though it had personally insulted her.
He's learned not to stare at passers-by, since it made people uncomfortable and more likely to avoid him instead of drop their spare change into his cup. He's learned where the best places in the city were to sit silently, places where the cops were friendly enough to vagrants and the pedestrians kind. He's learned which places sometimes had 'suspended coffee' for those who couldn't afford the drink, and which churches had free meals. He'd learned what time was best to head to the shelter for a shower and possibly some toiletries, where the public bathrooms were.
Cas nods again.
They had all the time in the world.
There was silence for several moments, broken only by the whirr of the machines, the beep of the heart monitor, and Dean's heartbeat. He sighed.
And he's
"I saw how fiercely you loved," Cas says, voice a whisper. "And I fell."
"Yeah. When the angels fell, he must have too, right?" he said. "So we'll help you look. Track him down."
"Dean-" Cas said, regret heavy in his voice and on his face, but Dean didn't give him time to speak. He pulled Cas close and kissed him like he'd wanted to do for years.
"Can you tell me why?" Sam asks, naked concern in his voice. Dean turns and he can see the gears working in Sam's brain, on the cusp of an answer but not quite there yet.
Dean was making this.
"I mean... I do, okay? I really do, but not if it's... not something you want," Dean finds it hard to speak and turns his head away. He can't look at Cas while he says this. "I wouldn't-"
Just for a moment.
Jordan pats Johnny's back gently, trying to make soothing, nonsense sounds as his mind races. This isn't your run-of-the-mill cold. Whatever it is, it's much worse.
"Balthazar," he said. Balthazar hesitated.
"Cas, this is on the reaper, not you," Dean says, unable to keep his voice entirely calm. The bite of his anger seems to draw Cas's attention and Cas looks at him, stunned silent. "I'm going to keep saying it until you believe me, but this
"The rooms are so... white," he says, rubbing at one of his eyes. "Just like
Dean makes the mistake of looking at Cas and his heart jumps. He immediately backpedals, clearing his throat.
might say, and that's almost a bigger problem.
Cas breathes. He counts his heartbeats.
"I..." And Dean can hear how much Cas doubts and it hurts. "Of course."
Dean didn't want that. He blindly reached for the plate and picked up the first thing his fingers touched; a small cube of cheese. He barely glanced at it before presenting it to Emmanuel's back.
Dean snorted. He couldn't help it. The whole conversation was just so
Does he want to see her burn? Does he want to burn her?
"Cold shower didn't help?" Dean asks softly, lowering his hand. Cas shakes his head.
"And you?" Dean asks lowly, words not meant for Sam's ears. "Are you at peace?"
For a long, long moment, there is silence.
Castiel breathed, relaxing. Dean must not have found him out.
The burrito curdles in his stomach and tastes like ash in his mouth. He doesn't think he can finish eating it, even though he knows it may be the last food he'll get for a while.
"I don't have time to do everything I want to do to you tonight," Dean said, voice low and husky. He dipped his head and mouthed at Cas's neck, nipping lightly with his teeth above the collar of Cas's robe. Cas made a small noise and tilted his head, offering more of his neck to Dean's lips. Dean groaned. "What do you want from me right now?"
"Dean-"
With everything that had been revealed about that day, Dean had almost forgotten one of his biggest fuck-ups to date. Or at least, not put it into context to realize just how awful it must have been for Cas. Now though, holding the notebook and staring at proof that Cas hasn't dared make himself at home here, it is impossible not to.
He crosses the distance between them and pulls Cas in for a desperate hug, something hollow in his chest finally filling with Cas solid and warm in his arms. Cas startles, but he returns the hug just as desperately, clutching at Dean as though
He can feel tears burning their way down his cheeks, dripping off his chin. Hot shame courses through him, not for the tears themselves but for his audacity in crying in front of April. He wipes at his eyes and tries to steady himself.
And all Dean was doing was sitting here feeling sorry for himself.
It was his own bad decisions that had led him to Purgatory, after all. To making a deal with Crowley, to try and shoulder the burden of stopping Raphael's attempt at re-starting the Apocalypse on his own instead of asking for help.
good..." Dean punctuated his words and half-sentences with kisses. He moved up Cas's neck, over his jawline and cheek, until he could kiss Cas's mouth while he fucked into Cas's fist.
clearly not the source of the sound, so Dean turns to look with sleepy but incredulous eyes towards Cas's bed.
The reaper. He means the reaper.
Bread, that whole grain crap Sam loves. Mayo. Mustard. Tomato. Turkey and ham. Swiss cheese, if they've got it (and they do, Dean's been keeping the refrigerator stocked). Lettuce. Bread again.
"Cas," Dean says breathlessly. Cas feels the sound like a blow to his chest. Does Dean want him too?
And then he realizes what else he doesn't see and abruptly his worry increases tenfold, buoyed by a wave of anger.
Dean still didn't have the words to say, but he'd always been more a man of action anyway.
Cas sticks his head under the water and lets it slowly soak his hair. He keeps his eyes closed against the downpour, head bowed slightly to protect his face, and he tries not to think.
, and-
Fear.
It wouldn't be practical, but Dean
He felt wanted.
"I've got enough to cover it. Go after him," Sam says. Dean nods briefly in thanks, then whirls around and follows Cas out the door.
Well. He'd been wrong before.
He stripped himself slowly and climbed into the tub. The water was lukewarm, a few degrees above room temperature, and the tub was much, much smaller than the cast iron tubs of the palace, the ones large enough to stretch out in and took five men to lift and several cauldrons to fill. The tub the inn had provided was half a man's height and twice as wide, just big enough to sit comfortably in if you didn't mind your knees poking out above the surface of the water.
He doesn't know.
He knows this place. He'd know it anywhere, in sun or snow or... rain.
Cas's hand had returned to cup Dean's face. Dean found himself leaning into the touch, spellbound by Cas's eyes.
He's in.
Cas smiles at him and shifts forward.
You can't stay."
There was just something about Cas. There was this undercurrent between them, an intensity Dean had felt from Day 1. A more romantic person than Dean Winchester might have said they were lovers in a past life and their souls remembered even if they did not.
"I wouldn't," Sam says, crossing his arms. "It's not mine to tell."
Cas wants this - wants
"No," he finally said.
"Thank you," Cas says quietly, but with feeling. Dean feels something tight in his chest relax. If Cas had wanted him to, he would have left, but he knows he would've been up all night worrying.
"Yes," Cas says, so quietly Dean almost doesn't hear him. He hesitates for a moment, then nods and reluctantly lets go of Cas.
"Can I kiss you now?" Dean asks. He's practically vibrating off his seat with anticipation, his body light and so full of energy he's buzzing.
"Cas will tell you if he wants to, but-" He catches Sam's eyes, voice deep and serious, even around the lump in his throat. "-
"I got some canned soup too. There's a microwave in the lobby if you need it."
"If that’s-"
"Cas?" he says hoarsely.
"Okay," he says uncertainly. Dean nods, not looking at Cas but instead waving to take in the whole barren room.
Cas's breathing slowly calms as he looks around the room and finds nothing but the two apparently sleeping Winchesters. Dean watches him slide quietly out of bed and stumble towards the bathroom.
"Stop teasing me," Em said. Dean laughed and reached down to take himself in hand, stroking quickly to spread Em's slick all along his shaft.
"I will be," Cas says, and lets Dean lead him by the hand out of the apartment.
, Cas will end up somewhere so dark there won't be any pulling him out.
But Castiel had heard that before.
"... someone else might have thought she was 'hot'," Cas's hands clench into fists, white knuckled and painful looking. He swallows thickly. "But I still-"
He can do this. He has to. Here. Now.
Their reception at the restaurant had been... less than pleasant. The hostess had all but glared at them and her clipped 'can we help you?' had been rather unwelcoming. Jordan had smiled coolly and asked politely for a table for two.
He thinks of Lisa and the year he'd spent with her. It hadn't been perfect, but it had been good. Lisa had been good to him; he'd fitted into her life not as a perfectly slotted piece, but as something that could have worked given enough time and effort. Ben had been the son he'd never had and the white picket fence in the suburbs was everything he'd ever thought he wanted.
. Hard as Dean tries, the thoughts still creep in, especially late at night when he's alone in bed. Maybe it's the absence next to him he can feel like a physical thing, sometimes, or the quiet. At night, when it's just himself and there's no research to do, no food to prepare, no dishes to clean... the silence in the bunker feels like a physical weight.
"Good?" Dean asked, barely able to get the word out. Em nodded, breathing deep and visibly forcing himself to relax.
He's rambling. He knows he is, but he can't seem to stop himself. His arms are wrapped around himself, hugging across his chest like he can keep the pain at bay with the pressure alone. All he can see is all the paths he didn't take, the twists and tricks of fate that lead him back
Of everyone there that night, she was the most innocent. It was not April's fault that her face featured prominently in one of Cas's most horrifying memories; that blame belonged solely to the reaper that had possessed her. April hadn't been in control of her actions in a very literal sense.
and pressing, rubbing, drawing a hoarse cry from Em. Then Dean finally pulled back, leaving Em panting and shaking.
The door clicks shut behind them, sealing them in. Castiel is struggling against the demon’s hold, has been since the Laundromat, but no matter what force of will he brings to bear, it does no good. He redoubles his efforts now, knowing his time is running out.
"Come on, sleepyhead, I ain't sleeping in the wet spot and I don't think you want to either," he said. He tugged gently and Castiel found himself standing on wobbly legs, stumbling the two steps towards what had been his bed the past few nights. He collapsed onto it, Dean climbing in after him. After a little maneuvering, they found a comfortable sleeping position; Cas laying half on top of Dean, head on his chest and an arm and a leg flung over Dean's body. Dean lay on his back, one arm wrapped around Cas's shoulders, a hand playing with his hair.
If he ever met Em's family, he was going to have
"Remind you of Hell, Dean?"
He just prays that second doesn’t come too late. It feels like that window has already closed, and he shudders to think what may happen if he doesn’t manage to buck the demon’s control soon.
to explore, later. When the demon had first made its threats against Dean, Castiel had expected violence. He’d expected force, something he could fight against and something that Dean would know to resist. Something that would let Dean know he was the enemy.
"'Find him'?" he asked. Dean nodded, ignoring Sam's suddenly thoughtful look.
was the one with a habit of vanishing.
It was the little things. A good drink when he was distracted, a listening ear when he was angry. A tinderbox and a quick lesson on how to use it. A few strips of jerky and a warm smile.
"Morning," he says, shoulders involuntarily tensing.
"Let me?" Cas asked, breathless. Dean swallowed and nodded, bringing his hand back up to brace on the other side of Cas's head.
What did Dean look like at the moment his pleasure hit its peak? What sort of noises would he make while Castiel brought him there? What sort of touches did Dean like best, and where?
"Just kissed you," Dean finishes for him quietly. Cas nods.
"Next time," Dean promised as the kiss broke. "Next time, I swear, but there's no way I'm gonna last." Feeling bold, Dean reached down and palmed the swelling hardness between Cas's legs. Cas gave a broken cry and arched into the touch, hands clenching. Dean felt a thrill rush through him and he bent down to mouth again at Cas's neck. "I don't think you can wait, either."
"You told me once that you always come when I call," Dean said. He turns slowly, scanning the dark horizon for any trace of movement. "Well, I'm calling now."
Dean resisted. He bit down on his own lip, tasting blood, letting that calm his primal alpha instincts.
"I am doing what is best for you, Castiel," Naomi said. "You'll thank me one day, once you finally accept what you are."
Why was it that whenever he seemed to be moving forward, something always came along to shove him backwards? Always,
"None of us are what you'd consider 'straight'," Cas said flatly.
Cas stares at the innocuous looking apartment building, his heart already beginning to pound in his chest. He stares, unable to look away from the sun-dappled brick and wrought-iron fire escape.
There's silence on the other side. Jordan presses on desperately.
One. Two-
"Cas, it
Dean had been avoiding his younger brother ever since the Succubus Incident (as he'd taken to calling it). After Cas had recovered and the immediate danger was passed, all Dean had been able to think about was what Sam had said. What Sam
It doesn't mean it doesn't worry the fuck out of him that Cas has been in the shower for hours and hasn't come out.
He can do this.
"Em?" he said. Cas waved his concern off and took up walking again, too lost in thought to pay attention to any of the booths around them.
He leans over Johnny and claps an almost-friendly hand on his shoulder while his other hand slips, light-fingered, into the large pocket of the ugly coat Johnny wears. Johnny doesn't react, just slumps into his pillow and coughs again.
"It’s good to see you too, Dean."
Sam's waiting outside and he doesn't seem surprised when, instead of letting him in, Dean comes out and shuts the door behind himself.
Gilda wasn't looking at him, though, but instead looking into the middle distance, lost in memory.
and what Dean is doing now.
The thought seems to bring him some measure of peace. Whatever burst of energy he had now depleted, Johnny settles his back against his pallet once more. He coughs as he lowers himself down.
"Doesn't Cas deserve to know how much you love him?" Sam asks, entirely too reasonable and too self-righteous by half. Dean purses his lips.
"How can you say that?" Cas asks softly, like Dean had just dealt him a blow. Cas pulls back from the hug abruptly and Dean lets him go, watching helplessly as Cas shakes his head, his hands pulling his coat tighter around himself. "How can you say it
, my son, and it's past time you started acting like one."
"You're Emmanuel," he said, voice thick with everything he couldn't express.
That smile.
"We can talk about it in the morning," Sam offers. Cas nods.
"No problem," Dean says. Cas gives him another fleeting, uncertain smile and disappears into the bathroom to change.
He always thought there would be time.
“You’re touching me right now,” Dean points out softly. The edges of Cas’s mouth droop down.
"You'll never guess what I got today, Johnny," Jordan says.
"Let me take care of you," Dean said. He couldn't think of anything he wanted more than to just
"'Help'?" Cas parrots, flipping the cover open to admire the crisp white paper inside. Dean nods and gathers his courage.
"A very good 'different'," Cas says. His eyes drop down to Dean's mouth and then back up. "Can I..."
He was overcome by a rush of warmth and gratitude. He opened his mouth to speak-
Everything from his navel downward.
There's a chill in the air, a slowly-spreading cold that Cas feels deep in his lungs. He exhales and sees the ice crystals form in the air in front of him and he
"That was kind of him," Cas said.
Cas can feel the skin split.
"You..." she says. There's no venom in it. She shakes her head. "I wasn't... aware the whole time, I just- it was mostly flashes, but I knew, I could feel-" Her voice breaks off and she shakes her head again. "I've had a lot of time to think this past year. Think and stew and remember... I hated you so, so much."
Then it parses.
"What are
Cas's dinner has long since gone cold and Dean would be annoyed about the waste if he wasn't trying so hard to keep a lid on his fear about what's going on beyond the bathroom door.
When had the priest stopped being his target and become-
"So you dropped a rosary into the water system to turn it into holy water, then exorcised all of the demons in the building by using the intercom system?" Cas says.
Cas stares at him, bemused. His head tilts slightly and he puts a hand to his still-damp hair.
The hunt was a roaring success. Sam had found them a simple salt and burn to ease Cas into life as a human hunter, since literally nothing else had been easy for the former angel. The bones of one Miss Tess d'Urberville had been located in the old cemetery just outside of town, dug up, and burned.
. He breathes in. "I'm not like you. Even before April, I felt broken. I just... I used to think, maybe..." His voice trails off and he looks at Dean pleadingly.
"I'm sure Cas-"
He let his head loll to the side. There was something on his hand, something holding it-
"That stupid
"I'll be there in six hours," Dean says. He pauses a moment, then speaks again. "How is he?"
"But?" Sam prompts.
"Water, please," Sam says.
"Just wake up," he murmured. "We can figure the rest out, you just need to
If he leaves now, he isn't coming back. He doesn't think he could make himself.
Jordan hesitates.
he means.
Naomi was already buried deep in her paperwork again.
Dean shifts forward again, the hand not currently holding Cas's coming up to cup his cheek. Cas breathes in.
"You should," Sam says. Dean flips the last pancake over and starts moving the cooked ones from the griddle to the waiting plate.
Dean checks his cell phone. No missed calls, no new texts. His thumb hovers over the icon that will bring up the keypad, but he hesitates and the touchscreen goes dark. He shoves the phone back into his pocket and picks up the tray of sandwiches.
"Hey, Charlie, Gilda," Dean said in greeting as the two ladies came close enough he didn't need to shout. "Good to see you two."
"So," he said brightly. "Are you gentlemen ready to order?"
"Will do," Dean replies. He digs in his pocket and comes out with the keys to the Impala. "You might need these if you're going to be playing errand boy."
"Chili's gift card for $30," Jordan says proudly. "Dinner tonight is on me."
"Cas, you don't have to do this," Dean says quietly, urgently. Cas sets his jaw and pulls his arm from Dean's grasp.
There's no response. Not yet, anyway, and Dean refuses to let himself think that there might never be.
, Dean began slowly walking Cas backwards towards the priest's bed.
Sam and Kevin both perk up, momentarily distracted from research as Dean swipes his thumb over the lock screen.
In the distance, he hears thunder roll.
?” the demon asks disbelievingly. Cas finds himself echoing the sentiment, though where the demon is angry, Cas is pleased. Hopeful. Intimacy with Dean would be wonderful, of that he has no doubt, but the implication of ‘slow’, of being allowed to build something lasting and go at their own pace-
What little space there is between them vanishes. Dean’s mouth is warm and chaste against his own. Cas’s heart feels fit to burst, overflowing with emotion: relief, joy, bliss, love.
He doesn't think how those same nooks and crannies are gathering dust once more.
Dean takes a deep breath and reaches to take Cas's other hand in his.
, Dean didn't even deserve to
"And if I'm not?" Cas asked, the words springing to his lips unbidden. The ice in his blood was thawing, heating up, tongues of flame licking at his guts.
"Come on," he says, hauling Cas up. Cas stumbles as he's pulled to his feet but goes willingly, one hand at his neck as though he can open his airway just by holding on.
Dean didn't mind. He could do slow.
"Cas, you said that happiness was in just saying it, in just...
Johnny collapses back. He looks exhausted. His chest heaves with every breath, like he can't get enough air.
"Denver," Jordan tells him. "Colorado. I can meet you at the corner of Grand and 5th."
"What do you like?" Dean asked against Em's ear, letting his lips brush the shell of it on every word. He nuzzled into Em's hair, making no secret of it as he inhaled deeply, scenting Emmanuel.
"As your brother?" Cas asked. Dean could feel the deep rumble of Cas's voice in his chest and he chuckled, breathless and giddy.
It was everything Dean had imagined it would be, yet at the same time so much more than he ever thought it could. Cas's kiss was tentative, unskilled and unsure, and all Dean had wanted for the past several months.
"I just need you to do one more thing, Cas. I need you to wake up, because the thing you wanted most, that you thought you could never have?"
When was the last time he'd seriously made an attempt on Cas's soul?
"Yes," he says fervently. He wants to be ashamed that his answer isn't solely or even mostly for April and her suffering, but for his own. He wants to be ashamed, but he isn't, and a voice that sounds very much like Dean's reverberates in his mind.
Then, he would go out, to a bar, to either drink too much or to hit on somebody. The latter wouldn’t happen tonight, though, since he really wasn’t desiring some meaningless sex or making out or even kissing. No, he wouldn’t do that.
He came back at last, almost sat down on the armchair instead of the sofa because he just didn’t want to be near anybody right now. More precisely, he’d preferred not to be near himself. Then he saw Cas who looked in his direction. So reassuringly and gently.
"Look. I wanna be happy. Okay? I am feeling better. Finally. After my breakdown I was in a miserable state, in a shithole. And I had to dug myself out all by myself.
After his fifth time reading the message, Castiel felt conflicted. He had enjoyed the flirty tone, the insinuations and the fact the other man had been so open, vulnerable and interested.
Not only about your physical appearance, just more stuff about you.
And so he went inside.
Castiel’s body was doing all sorts of things he wouldn’t have expected at this late, or rather early, hour. Or actually not at all. Was this really the man who had left the messages? Now he skimmed the profile after all, found a few familiar quotes, and yes, if he was honest with himself, he was just looking for a reason to drag out the next thing.
A growl escaped him, and he threw two cushions across the room, so they landed in front of the bookshelves. Dean didn’t want to think about his dad today. Hadn’t heard from him in weeks and that was good. He shook his head, his fingers still hovering over the message.
"Okay!“ He let the word pearl from his tongue. "Clean up your holy trench coat because the ice skating is ON. Wouldn’t wanna miss me showing my skills like the people from Dancing on Ice, would ya?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Shaking his head, he turned off the TV again because he certainly wouldn’t be able to concentrate on a movie without thinking about Rambler’s pop culture references and his amusing comments. Meanwhile, Rambler wrote him a sort of live blog when he watched movies which almost made Castiel feel like he was watching the movie right along with him.
"You’re really something else, Dean,“ Cas muttered, but now the corner’s of his mouth turned upwards. Smooth. Cas quoted his own remark from the youth center to him.
Perhaps: "I think I have the hots for Cas and I’d like to make out with him on the sofa for the next days.“ He’d like to see Sam’s face after that one. Dean snorted. He felt so lighthearted, he couldn’t think about anything else. He wasn’t sure if a man in his late thirties was supposed to feel this giddy and excited, but maybe he was allowed to have some happiness, even if this only meant spending time with his brother and best friend.
His breath came only intermittently, and he wanted to leave, he had to leave. Dammit, he needed a pause to calm down, two damn minutes to be fine again, to not feel like a tornado was whipping his body.
"Denied what?“
Distance was a bitch and complicated stuff
It was probably the only thing they agreed on.
"You’re not asking that for yourself.“
But not today, not today. Not on this godforsaken day.
I dunno if this story sucked. I just wanted to share something with you. A small secret. Hope that was okay.
The man hummed, shrugged, and then dropped next to him. "What’s it going to be when it’s done?“ Castiel demonstratively moved a bit away from him. "Men can stay away from me today.“
"You have to stop calling me this. People are going to assume I am molesting you or trying to kidnap you.“
"It’s just- I figured we had a good time those two nights. Dammit, at least I had.“ Dean drew in a sharp breath.
"Dean,“ Cas whispered conspiratorially in his left ear, which caused a shiver on Dean’s neck. "I think this woman might assume we are in a romantic relationship.“ Cas‘ words had gotten dramatic over the last two words, and Dean chuckled.
He continued googling the peculiarities of ivy, found some anecdotes from earlier centuries which included sects, animal sacrifices and other sick rituals, described in detail. He read and read until his head hurt, and he didn’t know what was real anymore. So much for ivy theories. He needed a diversion, and it was a good moment to spend more time with Sammy.
Dean was head over heels in love with him. No, he loved Cas. The four letters he’d never said out loud romantically. L. O. V. E.
Hanna pulled the blanket up to the tip of her nose, and Dean only heard her added, muffled, "I got the whole rebellion thing out of a book.“
"You see, Castiel, that’s one of the reasons we wanted you. You just get it. You’re inspirational. And we would never condemn you for being gay. That would be just stupid. You’re a great person and you represent the values of this college beautifully. Because that’s what we want to achieve here. We want students to find their way, starting with the works they study, but also in the interpersonal setting.“
"Then at the hospital she died. Dad came back the next day, called me into his study. And didn’t say anything. For several minutes. In reality it was probably only 2 minutes or so, at the time it seemed like hours. Just looked at me. Then he said those two damn sentences that haunt my dreams and take many of my breaths during the day.
"Dude, gross!“ Sam exclaimed and downed the eggnog. "You’re unbelievable.“ Dean laughed out loud, feeling immature and awesome. "Let’s kill more of those frigging zombies.“
He had probably done a lot of research to find a hotel that would give them the peace and quiet they needed. With his feelings of happiness completely bubbling over again, he hugged Dean tightly, wanting to let his body speak. "Naturally, I choose scenario two,“ he murmured into the crook of Dean’s neck. "Every day from now on, preferably.“
"I will never be tired of telling you, Dean. I will never be tired of telling you how beautiful you are. With every scar on your body and every little wrinkle. That you are the love of my life.“ Dean smiled, and sighed in delight.
Thank you for reading! Please let me know what you think. :)
"I was 6, dad hadn’t been home in a few days. Sammy was practically a baby at that time, already asleep in his crip. I had a terrible cold and wanted to have those little cookies, you know, with chocolate chips. We didn’t have any and my mom tried to explain to me that I should rest. But I was a toddler and didn’t know any better. Screamed and cried. My mom couldn’t handle it, wanted me to be happy.“
Cas groaned softly into his mouth, placing his hands firmly but not too forcefully on his butt. Pressed Dean against his abdomen, so hungrily, so urgently, that Dean’s belly prickled. Cas‘ loud and wild moaning only excited him even more. Passionately Dean nibbled his lips, his hands stroking along Cas‘ sides. Cas rubbed against him, kissing him hard while he was at it, and Dean was about to lose his mind.
"You could do with the jeans, the holes are not too obvious. The shirt and jacket on the other hand? A disaster. An October night is not the best time to splash in the rain, don’t you agree?“
What he knew for sure was that Angel was changing him, too. Which was a damn good thing.
“You’re only doing that because Dean is there,” Cas remarked.
Abruptly, Cas was right beside him. With a commanding voice he said, "Move over, Dean“, and holy shit, that must’ve been the sexiest sentence Dean had heard all year.
"Tell me.“ Cas snuggled deeper in his coat, which was a strange sight - Cas couldn’t freeze, could he? Dean was distracted for a moment.
"What a peculiar privilege has this little agitation of the brain which we call 'thought‘.“ -> by David Hume
Cas only reflected for a few seconds. "Bobby, I’d like to name him Bobby.“ Dean and Sam both drew in air sharply, but it was decided. The name was perfect.
"Okay,“ Dean murmured.
"I have some matters to attend to, things I can’t tell you about right now.“
Let’s let every thing slide
Dean laughed at that, it was his warm laugh which rumbled in his chest and sounded so carefree. "I’m all ears, pal.“
"Cas, I-“ Dean interrupted himself and paused. Taking another deep breath, he finally shook his head. And then Dean kissed him. Hard and demandingly.
, really wanted to shatter him again, didn’t he? That had been intense, to say the least. The setting, the dialogue, the scene’s build-up, the characters. He definitely wanted to know more. Also, this Hugh had hit a bit too close to home. He rambled as much as he tended to do, seemed to carry a lot of weight on his shoulders.
"Nah, I still have half of my burger and tons of fries. Let’s just switch tables.“ And so they did. In fact, Dean ordered a lobster roll for himself and baked potatoes with sour cream for Cas, and Cas’s hearty laugh was the most beautiful sound in all the surrounding noise. Dean swiped some fries from Cas and held out his plate, so Cas could try a piece of lobster roll himself. Of course, Cas made forbidden noises, noises that immediately gave him a far filthier inner cinema. It was good here with Cas, so damn good.
This moment showed Dean once again how much he needed Cas. His ridiculous blue eyes captivated him. Dean dived into them and could not turn his eyes away. The warmth they radiated was overwhelming. The two of them remained silent.
Just with him.
"They are two stars that are so close together in the sky that they almost look like a bigger star. They move around a common center of gravity, so they’re intertwined. Among all the stars they form a unit, they belong together. In the past, darkness had always frightened me. But with this idea it was different. I looked at the stars and fell more and more in love with the night.“
Dean was trying to get this over somehow smoothly, and Sam was laughing?
Oh man, Sam really was way too much like their dad. In certain situations, dad also tended to show the exact emotions, say the exact words that were pretty much the most insensitive and stupid thing one could even remotely imagine.
This chapter has quite a few song references, but I included them for a reason. :)
To better respond to your message, I wanted to preface it with a few words. I deliberately left my profile vague because I suspect certain details make it very easy to identify me in the offline world.
Dean sighed, and then he clicked his tongue. Castiel imagined him also rubbing his nose because he always did this shortly after. Oh, he really missed Dean. Dean’s breathing was ragged.
"Enjoy your meal,“ the most bullish man of them said with a far too suggestive undertone. Ugh. Disgusting idiots.
Castiel would have liked to question him about his reactions, but it was about time they went inside if he didn’t want to miss another one of those book club meetings.
"You remain a riddle to me. I know your soul, and there is so much which I do not understand. So much you do or say that does not make sense to me.“
Then he jerked his entire body around and opened his mouth very wide, making it look like an O, which was a strange but heartwarming sight.
He rested his forehead against Castiel’s, never averting his eyes. Castiel saw his eyes so close, he noticed how wet Dean’s eyelashes were. Singular tear drops, nesting there.
Dean thought about the great afternoon in the youth center. It had been so much fun. He thought about Cas’s sparkling eyes, his humor, his interesting character, and how easily they had talked about basically everything that had come to mind.
Sam took his old iPod and put on "He Ain’t Heavy He’s My Brother“. They listened to the song and sang along and ignored the people which eyed them skeptically.
Then Dean ran a hand over his chin for a moment and said the first thing that came to mind. "Well, as a wise man once said: Firsts suck hard - except for the ones you don’t plan out.“
Still, Castiel decided he had to find out if Dean felt the same.
"Where the hell is everybody?“ Dean asked and looked around searching.
Only after countless more kisses, they put a distance between them again. Dean grinned, and Castiel was so full of bliss because he was responsible for Dean’s exhilarated state.
Cas breathed, "I’ll watch over you“, and Dean didn’t huff or bark at him or wince or make a joke.
Orestes tended to naivety and possessed more juvenile inexperience than Electra, believing more quickly in the things prescribed to him by Apollo’s oracle. Nevertheless, he developed a plan to revenge their father’s death and was set on killing their mother.
Then Sam explained to him in a few words that he was sorry. That he was sorry that he had turned away from Dean like that due to his pain and all of dad’s speeches and his helplessness. He apologized for his behavior, he explained to him how wrong he had been, and that he should never have shut Dean out of his life.
Soon Benny’s constant babbling turned into a pleasant background noise, like the sound of rain splashing or music playing but not really noticeable. Groaning, they threw everything on the floor, then walked towards the house together.
“Uh-huh.” Dean chuckled. Normally, he would’ve been scared at himself, but right now, he was enjoying this silly exchange between them. “We wanted to go to the beach, remember?”
"Yeah, okay, Cas, I get it. You’re horny and you want sex. Awesome for ya. Maybe you should indulge in some quality alone time, let off steam before you- ya know, have sex with the guy. Otherwise, the whole fantastic experience might get ruined a bit.“
When he finally arrived home, he felt better. Worries about Hannah and certain homophobic comments still weighed on him, but he would handle the situation. He thought about RambleOnIm67 and the prospect that they would see each other soon enough.
"No. I am most certainly not.“
That was Cas.
My answer to that is, yes, I feel it, I feel you. And yes, of course you are the person I imagine when I think of such things.
Cas looked directly at him, his blue eyes blazing. Before he could change his mind, he kissed Cas again. Dean put his arms around Cas‘ neck and moved his lips heatedly on his. The kiss slowed, softened. Cas‘ lips were so smooth, tasted so good. Cas, finally he tasted Cas again.
"Thanks,“ Dean grumbled. He hoped Cas recognized the seriousness. He’d often noticed that Cas understood without many words what was going on inside of him.
"A bit of everything I suppose?“ Dean remarked after an eternity, not sure how to respond.
"I am aware.“
For some time, Sam had also had a girlfriend whom he loved, and to whom Dean had not even been properly introduced except for brief encounters at the hospital. He had never spoken more than a few words to her, which sometimes seemed very wrong. Sam had his studies, he wasn’t at odds with dad, he was even in contact with their half-brother Adam.
"Yeah. Um, some persons have gone missing over the last few weeks. A city near Chicago. One victim was found two days ago, missing heart. Probably a werewolf.“ Thinking of the werewolf nightmare, Dean shuddered and took a deep breath. "You wanna check it out?“
“ Delete.
In the late afternoon, Cas gave him the surprise of the day – flower buds and various plants. He explained in a few sentences that the bunker site could use a little more nature, since he had been the only one planting things there from time to time. He outlined Dean was so skilled in working with his hands that he could tackle the project perfectly. Dean laughed about this and gave Cas a kiss on the forehead. "Okay, then let’s get started.“
In this chapter we’ll get to know more about Dean, his surroundings and also his past (a bit). He does his best to distract himself from reading Castiel’s message – with some developments. ;)
In addition to a few bulbs that would soon blossom into crocuses and daffodils, he planted rose primroses and a few shrubs of snow forsythia. The white and pink blossoms added a few splashes of color to the otherwise continuous greenery of the area, and the clusters of flowers immediately emitted a pleasant almond scent.
It had been the strangest and most awkward moment that had ever occurred between them, and yet it had formed a big familiarity between them. Bobby really was the finest, humblest guy he knew, and they had a very close relationship. Since Sammy and he no longer lived in the same town, being separated by many miles, Bobby had been his closest caregiver.
Regarding his family by blood, he was the fucking joker from the song, the person everyone benefitted from. The person whose actions were taken willingly, but was never really valued for his efforts, never looked at seriously. He was the person who always had his individual perspective on things, but in this case, nobody cared for his opinion.
He could hear Cas’ voice as if Cas was standing right next to him.
Well, stop. That ain’t true. I’ve experienced something much, much better recently. But still, this was the first time I danced with a guy this close.
“ or "
"Oh, I think it is my business since I am the person you’re angry at,“ Castiel stated, and Dean rolled his eyes. This attitude annoyed Castiel, very much so, since he didn’t understand it.
"Cas,“ he whispered, tried in vain to suppress another moan. "I’m kinda freezing.“ That was a blatant lie. He felt unnaturally hot, but he knew he had to feel more of Cas. He didn’t just want to stand here, in the parking lot, he wanted to be closer.
"Gotcha,“ Dean said, nodding. "Okey-dokey. Then we don’t talk about our problematic stuff. Ain’t too eager for that, either. Let’s get some coffee and go for a walk.“
In fact, Dean felt so good that he started whistling Stairway to heaven. “Dean,” Cas murmured so close to his ear that his breath tickled him. At that moment, Dean was so in his element that he only subliminally registered how urgent Cas’s voice sounded. “Dean,” Cas said a little louder, tugging on his jacket sleeve. Dean stopped and raised an eyebrow questioningly, a slight smirk on his lips. Cas nodded meaningfully, and it took Dean a moment to realize where Cas was looking.
"Dean,“ Cas panted heavily. Due to the whispering that followed, he’d almost missed the "Touch me“, but then Cas repeated it, and Dean was more than happy to obey. But he couldn’t rush things, this was all about getting to know Cas‘ body, learned what they both liked. Dean felt every muscle in the other’s body.
"Holy shit, hurry up,“ Dean murmured between kisses. Cas didn’t take two words for that. Astride him, Cas sat down, and Dean swallowed.
The really difficult part of this situation was that I actually had a crush on my fellow student. We had several classes together, even worked on a project together, and we got along well. Even though I knew he was taken and not interested in men, those feelings could never be turned off. If he noticed some tension between us, he didn’t let it show.
"Dean, can I ask you something?“
"Mm, no, I’m fine, no worries. I’m in a superb mood,“ Dean said, and Cas smiled in satisfaction.
"What’s gotten into you, man? Wanna elaborate?“ Dean said as soon as they had closed the door.
Half asleep Dean noticed someone was stroking his neck with their nose. Cas, he thought, it was Cas who nuzzled him so softly. Even better, Cas held him in his arms, spooned him from behind, and it felt wonderful and awesome. The corners of his mouth turned up. This was good, it was perfect.
"But I believe in this magic right here. I believe in us. And you? You’re my personal miracle.“
Castiel smiled broadly at Dean. "I am fascinated. You always talk so lightly but the next second you offer these interesting and profound insights. I find that quite extraordinary. Thank you for the compliment.“
"And?“ Dean barked. He kicked the damn couch and the lamp and the pretty table, and he didn’t care he messed up the wonderful, fucking tidied up apartment.
They parked near the harbor, which immediately created a Christmas atmosphere with its many lights. Some buildings and rather unused paths were covered with snow, in some distance Dean could see a large and festively decorated Christmas tree. Immediately Dean had an idea for their dinner after the concert. Cas would like that, he was sure.
“Enthusiasm sounds different,“ Dean said straightforwardly.
"I suppose, you can have your couch back.“ Castiel jumped to his feet, ignoring his balance problems. He put his hands on his hips and then stood directly in front of the other’s legs. Then, he bent down and engaged in a staring duel with him.
"That, pal, you’ll find out. But you’ll like it. We’ll meet on the 19th at 7 a.m. in front of your brother’s club. The rest remains a surprise for now. If you don’t come, it’s okay. I’ll go anyway. If you come - frigging awesome.“ Dean shrugged and wiggled his eyebrows immediately after.
(See the end of the chapter for
Nevertheless, the students had all been so excited, he had seen how much they feared failing their first exam and thus making their entire studies more difficult. So he had bitten the bullet and taken extra time for them. He had stayed up until three in the morning correcting essays from his poetry class.
"No need to be sorry. I understand your concern. Like I mentioned, I cannot help you at the moment. We have everything under control. The situation is not critical anymore, everything will be fine.“
"You’ve got a snappy mouth for someone who’s completely helpless right now. And no, this is the first time. I was just having a conversation about Sleeping Beauty the other day and may have associated myself with the prince.“
Cas who was currently sitting on Dean’s bed, poring over lore. There must have been 10 books spread out in front of Cas. Dean knew this because this adorable image had burned itself into his retinas. Cas, sitting cross-legged on his damn bed, turning page after page in fascination.
Cas lifted Dean’s chin, looked him in the eyes for a long time and assured him for so long that everything would be okay, that Dean’s mind understood.
Since I was so thrilled about your reactions this morning, I decided to post the next chapter already. I figure you’re okay with that. ;)
Dean inhaled, then he exhaled again. He breathed in and out. In and out.
"Well what do you wanna do?“ Dean asked, clearly trying to break the silence.
“Nothing. It’s just that a- friend of mine also likes music like that. He actually digs Blues, in particular. I guess, I can see the appeal.“
Dean liked the music. Sometimes there was good rock, sometimes blues, then some folk songs. Yeah, he could handle that.
"At that moment, my mother came back, running to me screaming. I was panicking, lashing out, feeling the flames on my body. She immediately put out the fire, but I accidentally knocked over a chair. Somehow she fell, there was so much blood. So much. I pressed 1 on the phone and somehow alerted the neighbor. A short time later, I guess an ambulance came.“ He cried, and Castiel’s chest contracted painfully.
Gasping, he grabbed his phone out of his jacket again, opened the stupid Geekatism app. Licking his lips he quickly wrote another message.
"How? Why? When? You- I’ve-“ Castiel had never felt so unable to articulate himself. It had all been meant to be, everything that had happened between them. Naturally. It was so obvious. The way of talking - the rambling - the insights, the ability to stir him up so much. Dean. It had always been Dean.
→ Obviously Dean didn’t imply or suggest any violent behavior with this sentence.
Only after two minutes, during which too much had flashed through Castiel’s mind, did the dean look at him again.
You are indeed a very nocturnal person. In the morning you write more soberly (not an accusation, just an observation), at noon you become incredibly witty and downright bawdy, always with a hint of sass. In the evening and especially at night, however, you are so open - so raw - that my heartbeat sometimes stops for a few seconds.
Dean thought about the immediate connection he had felt to Angel and the profundity of their correspondence, then he thought about Cas who was such an intense person and always captivated him with his demeanor and his gorgeous eyes that let him look into the other’s soul.
Here comes part 11. :) They are so adorable, I can’t- Dean is really trying, okay?
"You’re the doc, Doc.“ → from "Back to the Future Part II"
Cas nodded, smiling slightly. "It is a matter of interpretation.“ His look told him that he could see Dean’s skepticism. "To me, hedgehogs are wonderful animals. They have the quills, suggesting they are only dangerous and shouldn’t be approached or touched. When they are not curled up however, their quills soften, become mostly harmless. They are beautiful, simply wishing for care like every other being. In the fable, hedgehogs are also considered particularly clever.“
"Yep!“ she replied, and he pushed the handle down with his elbow. She had already snuggled into the blanket. "Thanks,“ she whispered as he set the hot chocolate down on the table.
"I assumed you would like this place. It belonged to two brothers once, as I was able to find out due to their belongings. Of course, it reminded me of you and Sam.“ Cas smiled.
A small smile stole onto Dean’s lips. His inner forlornness, the dark shadow that had once again taken hold of him, made way for a small glimmer of hope. He would never get rid of his nightmares, but in the meantime they no longer captured him entirely. It was one of those days when he missed, but that longing was a part of him.
“ He pressed send and switched his cell phone to silent for the evening.
Thinking about how they had unceremoniously moved his beloved tools out into the street to have more room for their chairs and papers, he had to laugh.
Everything is right with you
"Instead of questioning me unnecessarily, you could be a good little brother. I’d like a non-alcoholic beer.“ Sammy, still laughing, shook his head and ran into the kitchen.
"You are a mess, in a way, yes, but who isn’t? We all have things, responsibilities which keep our minds occupied.“ Great. Now he even said this pathetic stuff out loud. Why didn’t he have a filter in Cas’s presence? It terrified him. Dean always felt so raw with Cas, so much like himself.
First he pulled Eileen into a long hug and kissed her on the cheek, really happy to see her. Then he greeted Sammy with a "Don’t they have hairdressers where you live, bitch?“ and hugged him tightly. Sam rolled his eyes while Eileen signaled to him by sign language that Sam thought she’d like the long hair better. Dean coughed and put his hand over his mouth to keep from laughing out loud.
“I don’t know, somewhere in the woods,“ Garth said, sounding more like a question. Dean groaned.
"Tell me one thing, pal,“ the mysterious man said. He put an arm across the back of the couch and leaned closer in his direction. "If I am indeed as you claim - then why the heck am I still talking to you? By your logic, I should’ve at least two other guys wrapped around my finger by now.“ That was a good question, a question to which Castiel had no glib answer prepared.
"Thank you,“ he replied and grinned. "I s’pose you‘re damn right about that.“
So far, Cas hadn’t said a word, but he didn’t seem nervous at all, was rather radiating an absolute tranquility. He smiled broadly and thanked everyone warmly for coming. Oh, he looked stunning. Dean didn’t know what it was, but seeing Cas so in his element touched him.
"Oh my gosh, I cannot believe you!“ Charlie screamed and fucking boxed him in the arm.
Come say hi to me on Tumblr (@dean-and-cas-at-the-sea) :)
Here comes chapter 13. :) The long (very long) reply by AngelMuses.
"I’ve filled my vacant waiter position, by the way. That’ll alleviate some stress.“ Castiel nodded absently, used to his brother’s sudden changes of subject. "He’s cute. Hazel hair, southern complexion, good build. Hot.“ So that was the way the wind was blowing.
"And your professional advice?“
He had no idea where the coffee came from, however, he wouldn’t complain about such a heavenly scent. At some point, he didn’t know how long he’d actually stood there, Sam came to the kitchen and examined him with his "What-the-hell-man“-look – quizzically and a bit judgmentally.
This was about him. About his reality. His small world.
Today, he wouldn’t think about that stuff. Today he wanted to enjoy and feel Cas. He would enjoy the fluttering - of Cas’s sounds and his heart.
Of course, Balthazar had been right, but at that time this step, the separation, had been as difficult for him as nothing else in his life. His parents and his future in-laws had planned everything perfectly, and they still got along famously. And Castiel sometimes felt so helpless when he thought about the fact that he could never be in the same room with Meg again.
"Just do it!"
"I'm. Not. Ashamed." Em bit out, each word like a warning rumble of thunder. "I'm angry."
Fuck.
His inner thighs. Everything between them. His pectoral muscles.
that. April was-"
"You..." Dean says. He can't speak. His thoughts are traveling in a million directions all at once.
There's an apology caught on the lump in his throat, but just then, the door to the office they've been hiding in smashes open.
. Dean breathes a little easier.
and swear he's never been happier?"
"Her Majesty wants to see you," Balthazar replied.
Jordan holds up his hand, placating.
when he recognizes Dean.
Dean had no idea what he'd said that set Emmanuel off, but he knew he'd said
Oh, no, this couldn’t be good. Dad wouldn’t give him a moment’s peace, not until he’d acted against him. He would find a way to spoil his mood again. But not today, please not today. He didn’t want to feel this cold, the cold of the blizzard then and the cold of the lack of affection, he wanted the warmth of Cas, he wanted the warmth of their togetherness. Annoyed, he clicked his tongue and wrote dad a curt message.
By now, the tune was getting more powerful and loud, accompanied by the remarkable guitar solos and drums.
“My ass. You look like total shit, haven’t cracked a stupid line yet, and you’ve been sipping your water for three hours. Tell me about it!“ Impatiently, he pointed to the table, and they sat down again. One of Benny’s best, sometimes most exhausting, qualities was that he had to talk about everything. He discussed problems directly; he vehemently rejected methods of suppression.
Cas starts to pull his hand away, but Dean reflexively squeezes, suddenly panicking at his closing window of opportunity.
Emmanuel gently took Deans wrist once more and leaned in. He wasn't looking at the cheese as he took it in his mouth, but rather staring into Dean's eyes. There was a challenge and a question in those beautiful blue eyes.
He lingered at the junction of Em's neck and shoulder, scraping his teeth lightly against his scent gland, sucking and kissing and biting hard enough to bruise but not break the skin. It was terribly possessive, more primal than Dean usually got, but Em had no complaints. He tilted his head, exposing more of his neck to Dean's mouth, breathlessly calling Dean's name.
"I used to think about it," Cas says softly, so quiet Dean almost doesn't hear it. "Sometimes. What it would be like for your hands to touch my vessel. If the acts of physical intimacy were really so pleasant, and what it might be like to experience them with you."
"Hungry?" Em asked. Dean almost growled, his blood so hot he was surprised his clothing hadn't combusted.
Dean hadn't bothered correcting her. Cas wasn't his 'husband', not even close.
"It's... difficult," Cas says defensively. Jordan sighs.
yet and already he knew he wanted this again and again and
Dean nods once, sharply.
And then.
Dean sighed and leaned back against the headboard. He glanced at his nightstand, at the drawer near the top.
"Dean?"
"If this is supposed to be my Heaven," Dean finally said, scraping
At long last, Naomi spoke again.
No, not 'home'. The bunker. He can't call it by any other name, even if the ache in his chest feels like homesickness.
Most of all, he tries not to think about Dean. He tries not to think of Dean's eyes, green and bright and
"And you know me, Cas, I'm not good at being scared. I've done and said things I regret, and the people I care about are the ones I hurt the most."
- April stands, arms crossed defensively in front of her chest. Her eyes are pure venom as she stares at him. Cas returns her stare levelly, trying hard not to flinch from the accusation in her gaze or buckle beneath the weight of his own guilt and panic.
. If you're with someone you care about-"
He finds Cas right where he'd expected the former angel to be; in his room, door closed.
"Talk to me?" Dean asks, shifting in his chair so he's facing Cas more directly. Cas glances at him again and then looks away, an uncertain expression on his face.
"Okay," he says gently. "Sure, I get- I mean. Ok."
"I hope I didn't wake you."
"You expect me to believe that?" April asks, though her eyes betray sudden uncertainty. Cas shakes his head, weary to the bone.
He grabs Cas's duffle and heads back to the bathroom. Seeing the door still closed and hearing the shower running, Dean knocks.
"What my fellow agent
He blinks and shakes his head, willing the images away. When he looks again, he sees that the bedside lamp is on and the duvet is royal purple.
"Dean! Emmanuel!"
"Yeah, well, me neither," he said. It was mostly true; drunken late night thoughts didn't count.
A portable radio, a thrift store find Dean had restored and presented to Cas after reading that silence was the enemy of healing. Particularly in showers, where the limited distractions made it all too easy for the mind to wander down dark paths. Cas treasured it.
Dean would laugh, if the reminder of how
"But you didn't want her to touch you," Dean says quietly, hesitant. He doesn't want to put words in Cas's mouth or upset him. His voice is hoarse with emotion and he wishes he could remain level-headed for this, that he could just
Cas is stalking towards the motel room, one hand fisted in the material of the hoodie and holding it down over the front of his pants. He waits when he reaches the door, allowing just enough time for Dean to unlock it before he's beelining for his duffle bag and a clean set of clothes.
What if the phone is too damaged to work? Johnny had always claimed it was just a dead battery, every time he'd pulled his phone from his pocket and just
"And if I don't?" Cas asks, voice sharp. "If I never permit...
"Hello, Cas," he says. Castiel's expression is naked hope and shock.
"Exorcizamus te, omnis immundus spiritus-"
"I wanted it, too," he says. Dean looks at him sharply. Cas meets his stare with a calm he doesn’t really feel. Inside, his heart is beating rapidly, nervous and anticipatory.
"Like something out of of dream, isn’t it?" the demon sneers. Dean steps back, shoving at the demon’s shoulders with one hand while holding the knife up in threat. "Him on his knees for you?"
"You expect me to believe that out of everything you've done,
"Then you," Em said. Dean nodded, already far more distracted with peeling Em's pants down his legs. He took his time with it, laying worshipful kisses on every inch of bare skin as he moved downwards, paying special attention to the sensitive skin of Em's inner thighs.
"Do you want me to," Dean started. He swallowed, still touching his horn. "I can put these away, I can-"
Dean almost wanted to laugh. He hadn't even lain with Cas
Chapter 1 is HERE, along with warnings
It's not his fault, or at least Dean has told him many a time that it wasn't. Castiel isn't entirely sure whether or not to believe him, but he's starting to. Still, April doesn't need explanations and to hear him dodging blame. Unwitting or not, unwilling or not, he knows his is the face she associates with that night.
He's keenly aware of Cas's eyes on him. Cas is going to want to talk about it, Dean knows.
She turned on her heel and ran out of the room, practically breaking the door in her haste, screaming for Balthazar.
"What?" Dean bites out, grabbing a new book to research with.
he asks. The demon considers for a moment. His desire to gloat wins out.
"Cas?"
"Got your stuff," he calls out. There's no response, but Dean can hear movement on the other side. He sighs, suddenly exhausted, and turns to lean back against the door.
He tears his thoughts away from that train of thought.
"I'm angry that the second I presented, all my decisions were made for me. I'm angry that once it was obvious I could
Of course Cas had been the one to get hit with magical boner-inducing venom. Of fucking course.
he says.
"Now, even the thought of your hands on me is... distasteful. Frightening," Cas says. He sounds distressed, but Dean isn't sure if that's because of the memories or something else.
He's never seen so many demons working together before. Usually the black-eyed bastards are too distracted by infighting to actually band together, but apparently they'd finally agreed that it was high time the Winchester line went extinct. There had to be at least fifty of them combing the office building, all in groups of four or five.
"We've been a couple of dumbasses, haven't we," he says. It's not really a question. "I thought angels didn't love like humans, thought maybe you just
And if he puts a little more emphasis on 'sex' than necessary, well... he's sure Cas gets his meaning.
"Just... don't joke about sex in front of him," he says. He swallows. "And don't talk about Detroit."
The former angel seems so small in the hoodie he'd borrowed from Sam to cover up the bloodstains on his T-shirt. His head is bowed and Dean can see the slightest tremor of his shoulders.
"Turn over," Dean said, voice so husky it was almost a growl. Emmanuel quickly flipped onto his hands and knees, still trembling from nerves or excitement or overstimulation, Dean couldn't tell.
The framed photos rattle on the wall, shaken by an invisible force. The darkened lights overhead flicker on and off rapidly, the sound of static loud in the air.
"What?" Dean snaps. "That he loves me too? That he'll just
Cas takes a deep breath. He lets it out slowly and Dean can hear it waver.
Cas much prefers Dean's way.
There's a sharp knock on the car window and Cas startles and looks up. Dean stands on the other side of the door, dressed like an FBI agent and wearing a frown on his face.
"I would've sought shelter earlier. Gotten food out of a different Dumpster," he feels compelled to explain. It's driven him half-mad, thinking of the myriad small ways he could have done things differently and possibly ended up somewhere completely different that night.
"Is that common?" Johnny asks. He sounds concerned and Jordan stares at him for a moment, uncomprehending. Then he laughs and shakes his head.
Dean lands on his knees, somehow alive again, and he turns his bloody face up to look at Cas.
Dean doesn't think of himself as a pessimist; he's
Naomi smiled coldly.
It’s one Dean seems to recognize.
"Or we can get someone else. Another hunter," Dean says, still staring imploringly at Cas. "Point is, we don't have to go back."
"Who?" Jordan asks, half cautious and half curious. He swallows. "Dean?"
Had there been one thing, one
"V'et zakhar, lo tishkav mish-ka-veh isha, to-eh-vah hee," he said, his voice somehow even deeper and more gravelly than usual. "'Man shall not lie with a man' is actually a mistranslation-"
"Nothing, your Majesty. And the stablemaster says that none of the horses are missing," he said. A drop of sweat slid down his spine.
"You're both very lucky," he said softly.
Smooth talker there, Winchester. He winces but can still feel Cas's eyes on him, waiting with an expression carved from wary granite. He runs his hand over the back of his head.
love him...
?" April sounds lost, small.
, Cas.” Dean puts a hand over his eyes and draws in a shuddering breath.
"He always demanded tomato rice soup. Even when I could barely reach the stove I'd try to make it for him," Dean says. "Undercooked the rice the first few times I tried, but I got the hang of it eventually. Always had to be ready with ice chips or juice when his stomach could keep it down, had to tuck him in and read to him... though when he got a little older, he'd make me read his textbooks out to him so he could study even while he was sick."
"Is that a problem?" Dean asks carefully. The demon sighs and the uncertainty in Dean’s expression sharpens into suspicion. Dean casually pulls away, hand drifting deliberately towards the small of his back.
"Thanks, you're a lifesaver," he says with feeling. The girl behind the desk just smiles wryly.
"But it was me," Cas says miserably. "It was my-" He cuts himself off, too choked up to speak.
Dean inhaled a bit of his drink and started coughing, pounding on his chest to try and clear it. Cas turned to him, instinctively laying a hand on his shoulder.
Dean just grinned.
during the flashback, pale and scared, was enough to make the lie in either statement glaringly obvious.
- too.
His shower kit; high-end honey scented soap and lavender shampoo. A gift from Dean, each item costing almost three times as much as the cheap bodywash and shampoo Dean preferred.
“‘Taking it slow’, right?” he asks, testing out the idiom on his tongue.
Cas is strongly reminded of Purgatory and he
"I want everything," Em said. He ducked his head for a moment, as though shy, but there was no hesitation when he spoke. "I want your knot."
Cas breathes easy.
Dean stares. Hope is creeping slowly in, warring with his disbelief and confusion.
"I just can't believe it's happening to me," Dean said lowly, leaning in. He started at Cas's neck, mouthing and nipping at the smooth skin. Cas moaned quietly, then inhaled sharply as though surprised he could make such a sound.
Cas went still, shocked, and Dean pulled back just a little. Cas's arms flexed, like he didn't want to let Dean go just yet, but settled when Dean didn't go far.
Cas searches desperately for an opening. He needs just a heartbeat of inattention, something he can use to break free. The demon’s presence is thick and choking and his anger for the creature is matched only by his fear for Dean.
It was Hell. He'd survived, and that was enough.
Dinner had been a mistake.
"It won't," Dean promised, trying to inject as much sincerity in his voice as humanly possible. He swallowed heavily and continued. "You're still the guy who saved my life. Hell, you're braver than half the alphas I know, striking out on your own the way you did."
until at last he strikes the Earth. He pushes himself to his feet weakly, feeling as though he's been flayed alive, and looks up just as the first bright lights appear in the sky.
"It wasn't your fault," Dean whispers. He doesn't know what else to say. He's not the one that's good with words or emotional conversations, but he
"Then I raised you from Perdition," Cas says. "And I fought for you. I died for you."
Dean loves him
Dean didn't waste brainpower on trying to figure out when Sam had gotten so invested in Cas's love life. His mind was far too busy running through a mental list of all the men they knew, trying to figure out who Cas's secret lover could be.
The phone buzzes in his hand.
-" Dean says again, making another exaggerated inhale. Cas opens his mouth, his hands scrambling for purchase on Dean's shoulders, but he's no more able to take a full breath than Dean is able to fly.
, the final resting place of angels and demons, and one doesn't simply
"Disaffected rebels, perhaps," Naomi said. She looked at Ion. "They attacked the guards and then rode off with my son. In particular, if anyone sees a dark-haired, blue-eyed male omega of approximately six feet in height, he is wanted
He'd only just begun to work himself into a proper panic when he heard the door open. He turned to face it quick as a flash, a mixture of shock, relief, and dismay hitting him all at once when he saw it was Dean coming through the door.
As if on cue, Castiel's stomach gurgled. He put a hand over his belly as if hoping that would fill the emptiness. When he'd Fallen, he'd had little money in his pockets, and it hadn't lasted beyond his first meal as a human. He'd been searching for dropped change and bills ever since, but the Twix bar he'd bought from a vending machine earlier that day hadn't stretched far.
Overhead, thunder rumbled.
"Can't," Dean says. He flips a pancake. "Cooking."
For love.
Dean hardly dared breathe. The air around him was thick with the scent of furious omega and it was somehow more terrifying than any angry alpha scent Dean had ever smelled. Emmanuel's scent was normally that of an autumn forest after the rain; now Emmanuel was the oncoming storm, the kind that shook the walls and flooded the streets, that ripped off roof tiles and uprooted trees.
It's a text from Charlie.
Cas turns to find Dean glaring at him, arms folded.
for Dean?
Dean fumbles his next flip and sends the half-cooked pancake careening to the floor. Batter-side down, of course, because fuck Dean Winchester's life.
Cas stands up abruptly, nearly knocking over his chair in the process. He makes an aborted move to grab it, then pulls his hand back, ducks his head, and makes a beeline for the door. His usual grace is completely absent and it's a miracle he doesn't bump into anyone in his haste to leave, practically body-slamming the door before wrenching it open and disappearing into the night.
Except where it's been blackened by the outlines of wings, burned into the ground around the dozens of slain angels that lie there.
"I know," Dean says, because he does, and because he has no goddamn clue what else to say as Cas collapses onto the mattress and wheezes for air. His breathing comes in short, sharp little gasps, his eyes watering as reality asserts itself.
Dean took full advantage, marking up as much of Em's neck as he could reach. He wanted the marks to last, wanted to be able to look at Emmanuel in two or three days and still see his touch on Em's skin.
at him.
They would've had a better chance at a normal meal if they had, Dean thought sullenly. But no. Instead, they'd fucking stopped at a place that LOOKED like their usual hole-in-the-wall diner from the outside, albeit sandwiched in between two brick buildings.
"Because they knew it would hurt," Cas says dully. April goes quiet.
Chapter 2.
to hurt me?!" she demands, eyes shining with fury and tears. "You
That was definitely something he'd be interested in doing again, assuming Dean was too. Despite the mess.
Dean doesn't talk about Hell. He lived it. That was bad enough.
"Okay," he says softly. He nods again. "Okay."
"May I try one?" Em asked. Dean slowly nodded his head, puzzled.
It's 'Dean'.
He swallowed, suddenly short of breath. He'd never dared say any of that out loud unless in jest, unless he knew those listening wouldn't take him seriously. It was easier to make his father's disapproval a joke than to deal with it head on, to bury the hurt beneath a carefree smile and a laugh.
What there
He shivers anyway as he steps into the shower. He turns on the water, hissing as it comes out bracingly cold before the water slowly starts to heat. The water pressure isn't great, but that's to be expected. The motel is cheap and old.
"Gilda," he whispered, staring at Dean. "Thank you."
When Dean and Sam get back, he'll have to talk. They'll have to decide what to do about April's ghost; Cas has no doubt that the research the Winchesters are going to do involves the location of her grave, if she was buried rather than cremated. He feels a momentary pang of gratefulness that he's not expected to help with the research, but that thought brings him back to the question he'd asked himself earlier.
"I... yes," Cas says. He swallows and Dean watches his Adam's apple bob with the motion. "I think I'd like kissing you."
"It means he'll, ah..." Sam says, gesturing in the direction of his own crotch. Dean wants to swear again.
"Then why are you here?" April asks.
After what feels like seconds (and an eternity), the choking, burning presence is gone. Cas inhales, and it’s
," Dean growls, but he sounds pained rather than angry. He breathes in, sharp and short. "Where are you? I'll come get him."
Still, he hasn't actually
Cas's anger drops abruptly away and he looks down.
He can still feel it.
"The Day the World Ended. Call me Jonah. My parents did, or nearly did. They called me John..."
ask him about it."
Cas looks over at the TV, then shifts carefully so he can see better. He holds the rag against his forehead as he sits up, moving it so it sits more evenly across his face. He ends up leaning against the headboard of his bed, knees drawn up and blanket pulled tight across his knees. Dean watches out of the corner of his eye, noticing the clench of Cas's teeth and the almost pained expression on his face. Dean can see a sheen of sweat on his neck.
Cas pulls back slowly, as if reluctant. Dean opens his eyes, not entirely conscious of having closed them, and finds Cas staring at him with wide, wondering eyes.
"Best not," she agreed. "Are you enjoying the festival so far?"
Dean kisses Castiel, and the Empty dissolves around them.
He turned from his two friends and shook his head.
"I know that now," she said. "But I didn't know it then, and telling her 'I love you' was one of the most frightening things I have ever done, but also the most rewarding. Our lives are both richer for it, and we would have both missed out if I hadn't taken that step."
of Heaven, unable to return. He cut my throat and used my Grace to cast it, and sent me down to Earth in time to see all of Heaven fall. Because of me."
Kissing is different when it's not a surprise or a trick, when the person you're kissing doesn't just assume you're willing.
Cas wants to say 'no'.
"It's not-" Cas begins.
Dean stops for a moment, hoping to hear a familiar flap of wings, or see a flash of tan coat, but nothing.
"Are we going to do this the easy way or the hard way, you sonofabitch?" Dean asks, voice flat and cold. The demon grins.
"Just give us a minute, thanks."
"I-" he says, voice hoarse. He clears his throat. "I..." He shakes his head, words having failed him. Dean nods.
Dean didn't even know what words were spilling from his own mouth; it all tasted like sweet, reassuring babble as it flowed off his tongue like honey. All he knew was the sound of Emmanuel's pleasure-wrecked voice, the tight grip of his body, the smell of sweat and sex and slick.
He stands, leaning heavily against the wall when his head swims at the motion. Jordan quickly stands up next to him and puts a hand on his shoulder to steady him.
In two strides, Dean crossed the room and seized the front of Cas's robes. Cas didn't protest, too surprised to move, as Dean shoved him up against the wall and leaned in.
He wondered what else Em might permit him.
Were it not for these moments being constantly interrupted, Dean wonders if they would have already kissed.
) experience ruin one of the greatest
It really was very nice, and Dean's chest was very comfortable. His heartbeat was soothing, a constant, stable rhythm beneath Cas's ear, and the smell of him, of them, was all around.
"What do you mean?" the Entity asks, speaking over Cas as if he isn't there.
"Yeah, he does," Sam says. Dean gives him a half-smile and nods, clapping him on the shoulder. If his own eyes are a little red, Sam doesn't call him on it.
It tastes
"That was
~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Does he want to be the one to burn her?
"We're just trying to rule out any kind of foul play, ma'am," Sam says. The landlady waves her hand dismissively as she leads them to the stairwell. Dean and Sam follow her immediately. Cas hesitates.
He shakes his head. It's all too much to decide right now.
Cas takes a deep breath and picks up the bag of salt. He walks into the building for the second time that day and shuts and locks the door behind him.
Not for the first time, Dean wondered about Emmanuel's past. From the sound of it, his folks had either been extremely traditional, nobility, or worse: both.
Cas shifts and lets out a harsh breath through his teeth, one hand dropping to press low on his abdomen. Dean starts forward, brow furrowed in concern as his gaze drops. He didn't think Cas had been injured besides the venom, but-
Just like he associates her face with that night.
Dean refused to hide Emmanuel away. He wasn't about to lock Em up in a country house with servants paid for their silence and visit every few weeks while someone he didn't know and didn't even care for shared his bed.
"I... wasn't planning on it," Cas says haltingly. Dean nods sharply, trying to rein in his temper.
Hesitantly, Cas stepped forward.
Dean still remembers that conversation, the emptiness in Cas's eyes when Cas had confessed "I'm afraid I might kill myself".
The silence stretches.
There's a hand on his neck and he can't tell if it's squeezing or caressing; he can't breathe. She leans in and he can't tell if she's smiling or snarling, can't tell if the room is bathed in the dying light of sunset or the glow of candles.
"Leave it alone, Sam," he says. "Just... shut up. Eat your damn breakfast."
He barely gets the words out before he is unceremoniously shoved to the back of his mind and locked into place. He rages against it, but he can do nothing as the demon uses his grip to drag Dean the two steps forward and bring their bodies flush. Dean’s knees press against Cas’s chest, his groin level with Castiel’s chin.
Something he doesn't want them to stop him from doing before it's too late.
Cas can't answer him. He's coughing, sudden and fierce, and Jordan comes to stand next to him and put a comforting, worried hand on his back.
When they find that son of a bitch alive and well, Dean's going to punch him. For the shit with Metatron, Naomi, Purgatory, for
Then Cas is gone. The bathroom door shuts and Dean can hear the lock click. The doorknob rattles once, twice, then settles, Cas apparently satisfied.
And now, staring at the full bathtub in the center of their room, he wondered if he was brave enough to go through with it.
"Cas is here," Dean repeated, almost to himself. His mind was racing now, filled with all the thoughts he'd been repressing these last few weeks, the things that hurt too much to want.
He lowered his head and took just the tip of Em's dick into his mouth. Em's eyes flew open, hips arching uncontrollably to chase the wet heat, but Dean had been prepared. He slid one arm across Em's hips and held him steady as he lowered his head down, down.
"It's softer than the crap they call a rag here," Dean said by way of explanation. He began to wipe Cas down, getting as much of the mess off of his skin as possible. Cas would've complained that he didn't need to be coddled, but it was actually... very nice.
"I want..." Cas licked his lips. "I want you any way I can have you. Whatever that means."
Jordan puts a hand on his shoulder and gently pushes him back. Cas groans in protest as his body complains about the motion.
The spray hits Cas full in the back and he gasps, but it's a welcome sound. Dean cups his face and catches Cas's eyes with his own.
He couldn't punish her for being the other victim.
"Nothing, nobody leaving or entering the apartment. It was the first thing the officers checked," she says. "Cost me a small fortune, but I simply had to get them installed after the incident last year."
"Are we talking like, full out 'Fifty Shades of Grey' kind of tied up, or...?" Dean asks. The landlady narrows her eyes suspiciously at him but Sam interjects.
Em opened the door and beckoned Dean in after him. Dean followed, locking the door behind himself.
"Cas, that wasn't-" he starts gently, but Cas shakes his head.
"You ready?" Dean asks, voice barely above a whisper. They're hiding in one of the offices, hidden from view behind a desk, but he can hear one of the scout groups approaching. The voices of the demons are loud and mocking, their footsteps echoing in the hallway as they search the floor.
"Who the fuck are you and why do you have that phone." It's not a question. Jordan is shocked by the steel in the man's voice, chilly and
"Cas!" he calls, hoping to get his friend's attention. Cas just keeps doggedly walking forward, ignoring him. Annoyed and not a little confused, Dean speeds up a bit until he can reach out and touch him.
One-two, one-two, one-two...
"Help...?" he said. Hannah stared at him with wide, pleading eyes, biting her lip as though she dared not elaborate. Balthazar looked from one to the other but then he, too, nodded resolutely and crossed his arms.
“Good,” he says, though ‘good’ doesn’t feel like nearly enough to cover it. He pulls Cas down so he can wrap his arms around him and bury his face in Cas’s neck. His heart is still pounding, he still feels ill.
One morning, Castiel was so desperate and confused he sought out Sam for advice. At first, Sam eyed him strangely when Castiel asked him how to find out if someone liked him. Immediately, Sam asked, "So have you met someone special recently?“ whereupon Castiel frowned and shook his head urgently.
"Cas and I go on a date today,“ Dean informed him whereupon Cas muttered, "We are?“ Sam snickered and wished them a good time.
Why did he always meet this wonderful guy when he was in an emotional mess? On a horror trip, rather. Outside the club, in the park.
“That’s the frigging point. I don’t know it exactly. What I do know is that I’m gonna go crazy if I continue my life this way. The hectic, the obligations, not being able to enjoy the smaller things – it’s frustrating. Sometimes I just wanna run and do the things I really love, wanna be with the people I love, wanna try out new stuff without being ashamed, with men in particular, because deep inside I know it’s the right thing to do. Otherwise, I would regret it sooner or later.“
"Fade Into You" by Mazzy Star (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avv2IIdDnnk)
Besides my love for ancient works, I actually read a lot of other literature. That statement in my profile was not an exaggeration or an attempt to shine with intellect where there is only empty husks behind it. Literature is everything for me. My daily companion.
Dean growled. "I’m aware,“ he muttered, lowering his gaze. What did that exchange mean? Had Dean been talking about him in her presence? And if so, what things had he told her?
"Looks good,“ he commented on what was happening on the grill.
Sam hadn’t touched his burger yet, and Dean couldn’t grasp that. Why would he let this perfectly grilled burger get cold? Sam picked at his salad for another ten minutes, until Dean burst out. "Man, either you eat this wonderful food right now or I’ll take it.“
First of all, I want to mention once more how much the situation with your brother hurts me. I have already tried to give you confidence in my other messages over the last few days, and I hope that I have succeeded to some extent.
Then he waited. Cas was taking a hell of a long time, and Dean had a bad feeling. What was going on? Something was wrong with Cas. Did it have to do with the guys? Maybe they should have left right away after all, maybe Dean had done wrong by ignoring them. His order came, and he stood up, looking again for the self-confidence in himself that he usually carried outwardly in any situation.
Okay. Now that was really something he never expected. Cas didn’t either, the way his mouth was hanging open.
There was a reason he had moved to an entire different city, state even. He had needed to put an actual distance to his past, combined with the emotional one between him and his dad. And now he built a distance to his brother as well.
"The front is cleared. Peaceful conditions now. I like the QUIET.“
And he couldn’t always come back to the point where he was angry at himself and the world. He needed to move on, in a way.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean looked at his nightstand – had he left the light on? His head hurt like hell. It was as if someone had hit him on the skull with a hammer, or more to the point, left him behind under falling rocks. Fucking nightmares.
Cas was still motionless, really not prepared for this. "I ain’t kidding. Take the clothes off, Cas.“ At the same time he gave Cas a new pair of trousers (dark gray) and a thick jacket.
If he was honest with himself, he anticipated every rejoinder to his statements with some anticipation. The whole situation was developing in a direction that unsettled him and threw his usual mannerisms out the window.
"I can only return the compliment,“ he replied and smiled. Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Was he feeling sick? A few seconds later, he caught Castiel’s gaze again. He scratched the back of his head, stretched a little, and then sighed deeply. "Lemme store the luggage,“ Dean muttered, reaching for Castiel’s bags before he could react. He made a beeline for the trunk and stowed the suitcases deep inside.
“Okay, that one was bad,“ Dean relented, while simultaneously Anna interjected, “Maybe he’ll go to the stake as punishment.“
“I’m not commenting on this now,“ Dean said quietly, lowering the planks a little to avoid hitting the tree branches.
Dean continued fussing with his shirt, then kneaded his hands. Was Dean nervous? Castiel didn’t know that side of Dean, not when they were interacting. Dean always hid such insecurities behind his mask of anger and sarcasm. Castiel remained silent.
Dean watched Cas up and down. "First, lose the coat and the suit.“ He nodded at him and waited.
He forced himself to think about something good, he thought about Angel’s message. Never had a person put so much effort into making him understand their thoughts and experiences. Never. He couldn’t breathe, and his heart pumped in his chest.
Dean laughed, laughed with his whole body, and finally intertwined his hand with Cas‘. With his thumb he touched Cas‘ fingers, enjoyed exploring and getting to know the so familiar skin once again.
It was insane that Cas could portray these emotions and associations so perfectly. So precise and stirring, as if Dean had written them himself. This statement and the fact that Cas was the author of his damn favorite romance was on Dean’s mind all the time, at least it was always, always in the back of his mind.
They danced, twirled across the floor while almost screaming,
Castiel felt so relieved, so wonderfully relieved. He felt like he was flying. Therefore, he put on the song Rambler had quoted in his chat messages. "This Kiss". It was a cheerful song, and Castiel felt even happier as he listened to it and thought of his rambler.
With firm steps, he returned to the table, grabbed his and Cas’s jackets, and disappeared toward the bathroom. He nodded goodbye to the waitress who had been very kind and polite. In general, the staff had shown themselves on their best behavior.
The streets were empty. There was no person outside except for him. Big snowflakes trickled down on him and wetted his hair. More and more snow fell, and he was quickly soaked to the bone. He enjoyed it as much as he could. Happily he listened to all the sounds surrounding him. The swoosh of the wind, the snow scrunching under his shoes and the voices in the houses, which were only murmurs to him.
"Mornin' sunshine, what’re ya up to?“
They still had to figure everything out. How Cas had gotten out of Purgatory. How they were supposed to deal with the tablet stuff, how they would stop Crowley and banish the demons. But they would figure it out. Together.
"I figure I don’t need 'em, not really,“ Dean finally continued his explanation. He clasped Cas’s face with his hands, cradled it, stroked his cheeks and grinned. "I’ve already got you for the bliss.“
"You have excellent taste,“ Castiel said.
"You were saying?“ Dean asked absentmindedly. Cas’s piercing gaze distracted him, triggered something inside him.
Boston was loud, much louder than he remembered the city from his youth. The streets were crowded, there was the kind of hustle and bustle he couldn’t stand and had deliberately escaped. Still. He wanted to help Cas.
The honking was a single long and very penetrating sound that soon made Cas cover his ears. He automatically closed his eyes, probably a reflex. He thought about how Cas had "greeted“ him back then, after he had gripped him out of hell. And really, given the volume that angels normally communicated with, Cas’s reaction was absurd. He was nuts.
Cas watched him cautiously. "You don’t want to go by car.“ It wasn’t a question, and Dean only shrugged his shoulders. "Not right now, we should go for a drive one of these days though. Wanna show you a spot.“ He averted his eyes, fixing a point on the wall. Could be a good place for a poster or a picture.
Rest assured: In this story, they will both tell each other "I love you“ not only indirectly and with their actions, but of course also explicitly. :)
His cell phone rang, and fuck, it was dad again. The fifth time that day. He also had three new messages, all of them had that horribly accusatory tone that made him feel sick. He thought about what Sammy had said and shook his head.
"More a picture of you grinning or something like that. I don’t know, okay? Cas just really wanted to do this for you and please, don’t make this awkward.“ More awkward, Sammy had probably meant. "Just do it, so we can get outta here.“
He would handle his disappointment later, right now, he was too happy to see Cas again. "Sure, man, whatever you need. You got time for a second coffee at least?“ Cas nodded at that and relaxed in his chair, seemingly relieved now. Dean breathed and tried not to be offended. He wasn’t that terrible, was he? Dean forced himself to think about anything other than his shitty self-perception, and so he talked about the first thing that came to mind.
"I will think about being with you, then,“ Cas replied seriously.
Dean rolled with his eyes. "I wanted to visit Bobby, but he wasn’t home. It was only later I heard he was out of town. Bad luck. Well, I drove around, and saw some posters for some kind of concert a few towns away. I figured it couldn’t hurt to go there. And it was such a good concert, gave me the tranquility I needed. Music really can do that. I slept in the car, was exhausted the next day, worn out actually. And dad, well, let’s just say he wasn’t very forthcoming and inviting when I got home.“
“Dean! You go paint, the two musketeers have got it covered, we don’t need the third anymore.“ He could hear the laughter coming from Garth’s voice. Unbelievable how damn proud he was of his joke. Dean smirked and murmured to Anna that he would follow immediately. Then he lifted his head skyward and immediately spotted Garth and Bobby climbing around on the roof.
I'll try to post the next chapter tomorrow (Sunday). :)
And the night sky is star-bright, so star-bright with you
"Whaddaya want?“ Dean demanded, folding his arms in front of his chest.
“The song is called "Wild Night", by the way,“ Cas murmured, while they moved, again so intertwined, rolling their hips against each other as if there were no tomorrow.
Ever since the other had sent him his heartbreaking message in a bottle, revealing his dreams, Castiel thought about him even more. He wished to see him, hopefully embrace him, and finally meet in reality the man who stirred so much in him.
Cas had interrupted any action, just studied him with raised eyebrows. His lips were even more swollen and looked incredibly sensual. Carefully, Dean stroked his torso, exploring his neck extensively, letting his tongue roam over his ears. Cas’s sighs, his voice low and rough, animated Dean to continue.
"Yeah. That’s great. But there’ll be many other occasions to visit you in your apartment in the future. Probably. Yeah.“ Dean coughed and fidgeted with his hands. "I’m gonna wait here. The car and the music keep me company for the time being.“ Dean winked and had that mischievous expression on his face again.
"Never mind,“ Dean replied, frantically rubbing his arms until he got a little warmer. Then he tapped away on his cell phone, sighing as he read Charlie’s fifth message of the day.
"I wanted to buy you something for the hunts at first. You’re always so practical, and Cas was already out there, fulfilling all your interests and nerdy stuff.“ He guffawed. "So I was thinking. The thing I really want to give you is time.“ He cleared his throat, handing Dean a small envelope. Valuable paper, thick.
"They supply people with oxygen. Oh, and look here.“ Cas crawled away from him a bit, and Dean followed him. With a small shovel he dug a hole and pointed to the root. "The roots can grow up to two and a half feet into the ground at times.“
Sam scoffed, shooting him a glance. Why was he looking at Dean like he was completely done? Dean hadn’t done anything wrong. Speaking of today, at least. "Why not? You two could use some Christmas fun. And Dean, you were the one telling me you need more exercise to stay in shape.“ Deliberately, Sam had left out the part with the ladies which had been a bad line anyway. Dean almost told him there were other ways of working out he could think of, but he stopped himself right in time.
While thinking of this prospect, his whole body felt so warm. He felt his cheeks reddening, and he grinned like a Cheshire cat. Warmness, almost heat.
Ugh. No, he really didn’t wanna think about dad today. No, no, no, absolutely no. This guy was even more off limits since the hacking incident. Dean had successfully ignored most of his calls over the last few days. When he had picked up, he had been on his best behavior. More or less.
He'll die if he goes back out there. He's too weak from lack of food, too exhausted from lack of sleep. His shoulder still aches from his injury.
"Then what is it?" Dean asks. Cas takes a deep breath.
Neither Dean nor Sam notice. They're already crossing the street. After a moment, Cas follows them, trying hard not to think about the sweat slicking his hair to his neck, running down his spine like raindrops.
"Dean," Cas breathed. Dean dipped forward and kissed just above the waistband of Cas's boxers. He dragged his mouth down, onto the cloth covering Cas's arousal, and Cas gasped and bucked, overwhelmed. Dean chuckled lowly, mouthing wetly at the head of Cas's erection through the thin cotton cloth. There was a damp patch growing under his tongue, saliva and precome both.
, Chicago? In
“Cas, babe, look at me,” he says. Cas moves slowly, reluctantly, and his face is a picture of misery and distress when he finally meets Dean’s eyes. Dean’s heart aches and he reaches forward to cup Cas’s face with a hand. Cas drops his gaze but tucks his cheek against Dean’s palm.
As if his opinion mattered. As if he might know his own mind and his own desires.
'Tips for Friends & Family of Survivors' the top of the page reads.
The very thought turns his stomach. Cas's
It's then that his brain fully wakes and he realizes that the sounds are
"So I’ll take mine, then," Dean says, turning to unzip his duffle and presumably pull out his pajamas. The demon stalks closer and grabs Dean’s wrist, firm but gentle. Dean stills, hardly even seems to breathe.
Cas nods. He feels strangely cold all of a sudden, though the temperature in the room hasn’t dropped. He licks his lips absently, breath catching when he notices Dean’s eyes following the movement with interest.
"Do you want it?" Em asked. His voice was carefully light, but simultaneously too heavy for such a simple question.
"I mean if it makes you more comfortable, go for it, but maybe we could find something else? Peppermint is just so harsh, and it gave you that headache, and if we're looking for alpha scents this has got to be the place to be. I mean, with Gilda and the-" Dean waved vaguely at his chest as if to indicate a brooch.
But no. He can't let his mind wander down that path, towards all the what-ifs and maybes he has been studiously Not Thinking About for years. It only makes his bed feel bigger and colder, the room emptier, and his chest ache.
Cas's hand slid around Dean, gripping the hard flesh at an awkward angle. Dean didn't care. He groaned loudly and thrust down, moaning uncontrollably at the friction of Cas's hand.
It's several long, long minutes before he heads back. He's misses no calls or texts and has no voicemails.
Dean Winchester was not that kind of person, but with Cas, he almost wanted to be.
He'd been trying very, very hard not to notice Em's naked chest, or their proximity, and while he'd done an excellent job when Emmanuel had been pissed, now all Dean could seem to focus on was the expanse of tanned skin and remember just how good Em had felt pressed up against him.
didn't. Dean's safe."
"It wasn't your decision, Cas," Dean says gently. "You didn't know. You couldn't have known."
"What?" he says. "Cas, what are..."
"Was that one of their requirements for the treaty?" Castiel asked. His voice was strained but level, his face admirably neutral, but his mother knew him too well. She fixed him with a shrewd look.
"I'll be in the room. Shout if you need anything," Dean says. He waits for Cas's nod, then leaves the bathroom and shuts the door behind himself.
He's shaking, he realizes. He's shaking and he's breathing heavy and the wetness on his face isn't just shower water. He hasn't broken down this badly in months, and even though he knows what caused it, he hates himself for the weakness.
It's just Cas, sitting on one of the plush chairs and staring pensively at the wall. Dean relaxes and walks in.
from death.
"So were you," Dean shoots back, because he's not willing to back down from this, even though guilt briefly cuts through the anger. He swallows. "Look, what happened to her- to both of you - was awful. Believe me, I know." He shakes his head. "But you didn't make her a victim, Cas. The reaper did that."
For the better part of the first two decades of his life, he'd been reared with the expectation that he would be a king someday. He had been taught diplomacy and how to manage state affairs and deal with the nobles. He had been in training to become a knight and had the markings of a great one, if his teachers were to be believed.
But's it's too late. The landlady pushes open the door and Cas is hit by a wave of memory so strong his knees nearly give out.
He was no barbarian, doing whatever he wanted and damn the consequences. Emmanuel would choose the time and place of his claiming; it was not Dean's decision to take from him.
Sam looks at Dean for a moment, then nods, tightening his jaw like he's made a decision. He rubs at his eyes and nods again, quicker this time.
"We knew this day would come," Balthazar finally said, more to himself than anyone else. The expression on his face was pained and drawn, resigned and wistful all at once.
If, as Balthazar suspected, the Queen wanted to see him regarding the peace treaty, there could only be one reason. It's not as though he was allowed to concern himself with matters of state.
"They were the first people we questioned, your Majesty," Ion said. "I took Uriel with me and we questioned each, even searched their rooms thoroughly, but found nothing. I don't believe they knew."
Cas is silent for a long minute. Then, finally, he cradles the notebook to his chest, still not looking at Dean. His mouth opens, then shuts, and he glances up as if to ask permission to speak.
“But if I could-” Cas starts, but Dean shakes his head.
in your sermon tomorrow, Father. The damned do roam the Earth and
"What, she not your type?" he asks. Cas's flinch is almost imperceptible, but the suddenly greenish cast to his features is not. Dean feels like he just put his foot in it but he doesn't know
Dean’s head strikes the cheap drywall, leaving a dent. Dean grunts in pain, but doesn’t stop speaking.
Dean considers just putting the phone down and going to get himself a beer instead. Or whiskey. Anything so he doesn't have to think about the snail-like pace of their progress. Instead, he texts back.
But with Dean... he
"Hooking?" Cas said, bewildered. The man's expression went surprised, then soft and cautious.
... Just. He didn't.
He doesn't want to. That isn't a reality he can face.
for Cas without getting angry on his behalf. "That's why it's different."
Dean will make sure of it.
in a way he hadn't been then. Dean forces himself to chuckle, hoping to lighten the mood.
. I've tempted priests and nuns for shits and giggles, just because I could. The only reason I came here was because I wanted to damn
, belly
Dean waits until Cas is completely asleep before he texts Sam the all clear.
"Good. Good talk," he says, turning back to the motel room. Sam grabs the sleeve of his flannel. Dean stops.
Cas stumbles backwards but finds himself tackled to the floor anyway, though his back never lands on the floor of the panic room.
Fortunately, Cas picked up subtlety about as well as wet tape picked up marbles.
an alpha-"
"Thanks," he says. The corner of Sam's mouth quirks up in a small smile.
"What, now?" Hannah asked, surprised. Balthazar nodded tightly.
"You really thought I wouldn't," Dean said, stunned. Cas looked away.
"You're enough," Dean says. He scoots forward on his chair. "Just... I'd like to kiss you, if that's ok?"
ringing in his head as Dean launches himself at Cas.
Dean hears the footsteps approaching his room just in time. Heart in sudden overdrive, he scrambles to close the pages he has open on Sam's borrowed laptop
he desired this? It was beyond words, a wanting that was beyond anything Dean had ever known.
Again, then.
Holding each other at night. Waking up together in the mornings. Cuddling on the couch while they watched movies. Making dinner together. Bathing together. Going on a drive. Eating dinner out with their hands clasped under the table.
Dean's eyes slip shut.
If anything happened to Cas's soul, if he was indeed damned for laying with a demon... Dean would protect him. He'd sequester Cas in his own personal Hell and ensure that nothing touched him. He'd create a Heaven for them in the bowels of the Pit.
Jordan's a little nervous to call him. He's not sure what he'll say if Dean picks up, or what kind of voicemail he'd leave if it came to that. He's not sure what
“What is it?” Dean asks quietly. Cas is lying half on top of him, head pillowed on Dean’s chest and leg thrown over Dean’s. It’s one of their preferred sleeping positions on those nights when one of them doesn’t need to be cradled by the other’s body.
But there, over by the empty closet, is a neatly packed duffle bag.
Em seemed oddly intense, strangely nervous, his eyes focused on the grape. Then his gaze shifted, his eyes meeting Dean's, and Dean couldn't breathe.
Dean's body moves on automatic.
This was going to last an embarrassingly short amount of time. Without Cas's pleasure to distract him, his own erection was painful and insistent. A quick, desperate jerk and Dean would be able to lie down beside Cas and just bask.
Jordan is been barely winded by the light jog, whereas Cas is completely out of breath. He's doubled over, leaning against one of the pillars that supports the bridge, and tries to breathe. His head pounds. His every breath feels like a sharp, stabbing knife in his lungs.
He clapped Dean on the shoulder as he passed by. Dean was so numb he hardly noticed. Every sense was attuned to the presence behind him.
things…” the demon says softly, tugging at Dean’s wrist and shoulder to turn him. Dean turns, green eyes still wide with surprise and…
Dean kept the movements of his hand steady as he watched Emmanuel with rapt attention. Emmanuel was glorious with pleasure pouring through him, hips bucking, breath heaving, Dean's name falling from his lips like a prayer, faster and faster.
every day regardless of whether or not they had sex.
Credit for the amazing art goes to sirlsplayland, who you can find here on tumblr: www.srlsplayland.tumblr.com
"It's no problem, buddy," he said. He turned to leave once more, but paused. He looked back at Cas. "You haven't been on the street long, have you?"
He'd been soundly proven wrong, in the worst possible way, and then he'd been denied a safe haven with the last people he thought were still willing to call him kin.
sympathy. He's fine. Everything is fine. Cas has fucked off God-knows-where, but that's hardly new and unusual for him, isn't it?
Still, he kept his expression composed.
"It's not like that," Dean says. He clears his throat again. "Sex is... when it's something you want, it's really, er, good."
The bedroom door is ajar and Cas finds his eyes inexorably drawn to it, gaze skimming over the striped sheets and lit candles-
Still nothing.
He's got two for Sam, since Sam's still regaining his energy after the trials and eating like a horse. He has one for Kevin, two for himself, and one for someone who isn't here yet.
Dean hustles him into the shower, not bothering with their clothes. He turns the water on as cold as it will go and hopes.
Dean swallowed rapidly, slowing the motions of his head as he gently worked Em through it, drawing out the pleasure for all it was worth. Eventually, Em floated back down, his breathing evening out and his body going loose and relaxed. Dean finally pulled back, letting Em's now soft cock slip from his mouth.
"We should probably cool it," Dean says, cheeks flushed lightly pink. Only then does Cas notice the heat coiling low in his belly. He nods, taking half a step backwards from Dean.
They are officially out of time.
, Jordan thinks. "Don't hang up, just tell me where you found the phone."
want it just because you think it’ll make me
"No," the Entity says suddenly, stepping forward. "Stop, don't you
- voice, but it's Metatron who leans over him now, angel blade held carefully to his throat. Cas feels the blade cut and his Grace drains from him. Cas can only stare as Metatron holds up the tiny vial containing everything that had once made Cas an angel, and Cas feels its loss more keenly than the cut on his neck.
Dean shrugs a shoulder, trying not to let his worry show on his face.
Dean’s body is wonderfully warm and soft in his arms.
It was ridiculous, he'd only known the guy a week. They hadn't even really gone on a date, even if there had been one night Dean and Cas had gone to the
"The Scribe of God told me it was a spell to lock Heaven permanently, with all the angels inside. Earth would be free from any further angelic meddling. The Apocalypse wouldn't be possible and humanity could live in peace, free will intact." Cas stares intently at the woodgrain of the floor, hoping it had answers. "Instead, it was a spell to lock us all
"Let Cas go," Dean demands, voice even and deadly. The demon huffs out a laugh.
"Yeah, ok," Dean said. He leaned over Em again to nip at his ear and neck. "You want my knot? You can have it."
"Dean," Cas breathes. Dean must sense that something’s changed, because he falters, knife lowering as his eyes widen. Cas knows his time is short, the demon already rallying to take control again. Cas grabs the hem of Dean’s shirt and pulls. "Do it."
"How you holding up?" Dean asks. Cas shakes his head.
Rinse. Repeat.
The alleyway is dirty and cast in shadows from the fading sunlight. There are bits of trash, blown in here by the breeze, but overall Cas has seen worse.
Note: very sick character in this chapter.
Emmanuel looked at him, eyes narrow in confusion.
, impossibly deep. Dean moaned as he bottomed out, breathing almost as heavily as Emmanuel.
"I don't know, Sam," Dean says. "I just don't know."
Except, against literally all odds and all permutations of the universe, apparently good things
Dean couldn't speak. He could only listen in stunned silence.
fine," Dean says in a tone that brooks no argument. "Come on, let's go-"
Bit by bit, Cas's breathing steadies and deepens. He's now thoroughly soaked by the shower, the fever in his blood momentarily calming at the chill. Dean's caught enough of the overspray that he'll need a change of clothes himself.
Em's eyes raked over Dean's chest, wide and almost disbelieving, lingering on the distinct bulge at the laces of Dean's breeches. Dean smiled and pulled Emmanuel in for another kiss, letting his hands drop low to cup the omega's ass.
"Please." Dean croaks, voice suddenly contrite.
He trailed his hands down, smoothing over the curve of Em's ass. He dipped his fingers in between, groaning as they slid easily through the slick. There was more of it than he'd expected, but that was perfect. It would make the way nice and slippery for him.
Sweet dreams,
In the middle of the night, he wrote Angel a message that he didn’t want to reflect on any longer.
Dean gave Cas a sideways glance. “Afterwards we go to the movies. I still wanna enlarge your knowledge in pop culture, Angel.”
See what?
"But you like my clothes, the trench coat in particular.“ Castiel remembered when Dean had returned the coat to him almost solemnly, when Castiel had experienced the memory loss after Leviathan, And he also remembered the way Dean had looked at him after he had returned from Purgatory and cleaned up.
At some point Dean woke up from his trance and walked a few steps further to see what else there was to see. He spotted some flowers and thought it was beautiful to find something so alive in such a place, which was actually so bare and desolate.
"Wow, brother dear, what a warm welcome.“ Gabriel gave him a quick hug.
"Exactly. Point is still valid.“ Castiel snorted, and shook his head. Gabriel was incorrigible, but maybe that was why it was good to talk to him.
Dean turns to look at Cas. He can tell from the clench of Cas's jaw that the former angel knows just how dire the situation is. There's a fire in those blue eyes Dean loves so well that says that Cas is determined to go down swinging.
Em made a displeased noise and tried to move, to catch Dean, but Dean laid himself along Em's back and grabbed Em's hips to hold him still.
"How's he doing?" Sam asks quietly, almost guiltily when Dean opens the door. Dean shrugs and takes the bags.
to make sure Cas saw that. It was the only way to protect him.
He turned away and was greeted by Hannah and Balthazar, who were both watching him with worried expressions. They took up their positions at his sides and began escorting him back to his room.
"He wouldn't," Dean says, but his voice wobbles. All too clearly, he can remember a night years ago, in a motel room just like this, where Cas has told him 'if I see what Heaven's become... I'm afraid I might kill myself'.
He spat the word as though it had a foul taste and Dean flinched. His heart hurt and he wished he'd just left well enough alone, kept on feigning ignorance. He laid his hands gently on Emmanuel's wrists, not gripping or pushing since he didn't want Em to take it as an attack.
Dean leans in and kisses Cas again, his heart pounding in his chest. Part of him still worries that Cas won't respond, that he'll be just as stiff and uncomfortable as he was the first time-
There's time for
Dean chuckles, giddy with success and anticipation. He pulls back just a little, just enough to look Cas in the eye when he speaks.
night, he doesn't want an audience for it. He doesn't want the hyperawareness that would come with Dean and Sam listening in, doesn't want the pity or the anger.
"I have to go," Cas says, the words ragged, and then he takes off again. Dean's frozen for a moment in surprise, then he's stumbling after Cas.
They turn back to the motel room, both lost in heavy thoughts, though the silence between them is companionable. United.
Belphagor sits up instead and laughs, mocking him.
April stands in the door to the bedroom, her face ghostly pale and twisted in rage.
"-or someone you think is hot-" Dean trips over his words because
Because clearly he hadn't heard right.
"Oh," Dean says, glancing away. He opens his mouth, closes it again, shakes his head. He feels immediately out of his depth, a lump forming in his throat as he fully parses the question.
He checks the clip. Almost full. He ejects it and puts it in the pocket of his coat, then flicks on the safety of the gun and tucks it inside his other pocket.
Dean reaches out a hand tentatively, lightly touching one of Cas's hands. Cas stills.
And then he's in. He's standing in the same place he was all those months ago, as terrified now as he had been trusting and relieved back then. He looks around, trying to ground himself in the here-and-now by picking out the tiny differences in the decorations.
Though if the angry Leviathans around him have a say, 'forever' won't be very long, and Cas can't help but feel it's no more than he deserves.
"I do," Castiel affirms. The space between them seems smaller somehow, shrinking as the seconds tick by, though Cas could not honestly say which of them was moving.
An ugly thought occurs to him. His stomach drops and his blood runs suddenly cold, despite the heat of Cas next to him and the blankets wrapped around them.
Cas is terrified, soaked in sweat, and shaking. And he's asking 'again'. Dean wants to vomit.
"Whatever, man. 'Night."
inhale, him drawing air into his lungs, and he holds his breath as if just to prove he can.
"I believe you," she says, as if she's stunned that she means it. "I just- that night-"
Cas can hear the bitterness in Jordan's voice, old but still sharp. He winces in sympathy and shame.
"I am so fucking glad it didn’t," Dean says immediately. His eyes drop down to Castiel’s mouth again. "But you… you want this?"
, Dean. I-"
The words are like a bath in ice water. Cas stares at Dean's face, at his set jaw, and knows that Dean means it.
, too hot and too cold and too terrible to name, the knowledge that
He looked up across the plane of Em's body to find Em propped up on his elbows, staring at him. Dean met and held his gaze, but saw no sign of hesitation or second thoughts. Slowly, never breaking eye contact, he dragged one hand over Emmanuel's skin to finally,
"I'm no good at showing it, but Cas... I love you," Dean says.
"Are you?" Cas asks. Dean looks away. He wants to say that he was born ready, but the words won't come.
Reluctantly, knowing they had to clean up before everything started congealing, Dean rolled off of Cas and lay next to him on the bed. Baby steps. He didn't want to leave the priest's bed just yet in search of a rag. Cas rolled onto his side, facing Dean.
"The reaper did that to her, not you," Dean says. "It controlled both of you, just used different tools to do it."
