Dean flips the tv on and scrolls through the channels.
Dean gives in and allows his lips to part to let Castiel’s tongue enter his mouth. Dean laces his tongue around Castiel’s as he moves one hand down to hold onto Castiel’s waist and the other up to grip his hair. Castiel moans at the slight tug of his hair as Dean breaks free from his mouth and starts pressing wet kisses down Castiel’s neck.
Lee throws a quick acknowledging smile at Benny and then cocks his head at Dean in confusion before saying,
“Don’t you dare apologize. None of this was your fault.”
state,” Benny teases.
Dean sighs. He debates on whether or not he should dive into this right now. He doesn’t wanna bore his best friend with the troubles in his relationship. But then again, what are best friends for?
He sits in the waiting area for about an hour before they actually bring him back to x-ray his hand. Definitely broken.
“I’ll see you tomorrow, okay?” Dean smiles and kisses Castiel’s forehead.
“What’s goin’ on, brother?” Benny looks concerned.
“Lawyer, huh? What kind of law do you practice?” Dean asks, changing the subject.
“Lebanon,” Castiel answers, flatly. Dean can tell he’s far more interested in the Vols’ game, but Dean continues.
Dean glances at Cas and then back at the mirror in front of him, messing with the already straightened tie around his neck.
Castiel ruts his hips against Dean and Dean can already feel himself half hard in his pants. He puts his knee in between Cas’ legs and reaches his hand up to grab a handful of Cas’ hair. Castiel moans at the slight pull, so Dean pulls harder.
“Dean, you wrote a song about him. Clearly you didn’t let it go.”
“We should, uh, clean up. Sam and Jess could be back any minute,” Cas says.
They get to Nashville International with plenty of time before their flight. Once they’ve gotten their bags checked and they’ve found the terminal they’re supposed to be at, Dean takes a seat and begins anxiously tapping his foot.
“Uh-huh,” Cas mumbles as he opens the door to the Impala and climbs in.
Dean leans back and rubs his hand over his face. Castiel just watches him, completely at a loss for words. When Dean told him he would explain, he never imagined it would be this.
He drags himself out of bed, though, and gets his day going. First stop is The Morning Show on Nash FM with Ty, Kelly, and Chuck. This interview went just about as you’d expect. Questions about the album, more questions about the mystery person in Dean’s life, basically a recap of the previous morning’s interview.
“A musician, huh? What kinda music do you play?”
Cas pulls Dean with him as he walks backwards towards the bed. When his knees hit the edge of the bed, he shimmies his pants and boxers the rest of the way down his thighs and sits down.
He slides his hand up and down his shaft, eyes closed, left arm and forehead pressed up against the shower wall. He tries not to, but he thinks of Cas. He thinks of all the times they had shower sex. All the times Dean was on his knees, taking Cas in his mouth while hot water rolled down their spines. All the times he and Cas stroked each other while making out under the stream of water. And then he starts to cry.
“What? No, Bobby! We’re only one show in, you can’t-”
He kisses Cas again and then starts stroking Cas to the same rhythm until they’re both digging their nails into each other’s shoulders to steady themselves as they come.
“Yeah, yeah that sounds good. What kind of pizza do you like?” Dean asks as he sits down, hoping Cas has decent taste in toppings.
Dean watches his little brother and he sighs. He knows this is hitting Sam a lot harder than it’s hitting him, but Sam doesn’t need to see the lack of empathy Dean feels towards John right now.
But I thought what the hell, why not?
“Looks like y’all had a good night,” Sam jokes. Jess elbows him in the side and throws a glance at him that Dean interprets as “shut up, Sam”. He laughs and shrugs his shoulders.
making me pay for the meal.”
Dean’s not usually one for surprises, but seeing the look on Cas’ face as he approaches him makes this one actually worth it.
“Why ‘hmm’?” Dean asks.
“Cas, it’s like 11 am,” Dean points out.
“Let’s take this upstairs, huh?” Cas whispers against Dean’s lips.
“The scruffy guy by the stage sent me over here. I’m Diamond.”
“Hey, I’m just being careful. Unfortunately, it’s just one of those extra steps we gotta take,” Dean says, feeling bad that he threw a wrench in the gears.
“If that woman hadn’t given her up. If Jody had put her in the system instead…,” Dean trails off.
“Of course I’m staying. If you want me to,” Cas says.
Dean moves to the table to pull out a chair for Cas to sit.
“Oh,” Cas says, yawning and then curling back up under the covers.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m still with you, Bobby. I’m just processing all of this,” Dean says, unable to wipe the smile from his face.
“Was a behind-closed-doors kinda thing, ‘til paps caught us.”
“I didn’t bring anything; I wasn’t really sure what you have planned.”
Castiel laughs, “hey, I said don’t judge me!” He throws a pillow at Dean and hits him in the face.
“We played pool with the guys and you were too drunk to drive home, so I told you that you could crash here,” Benny says, matter of factly.
“Okay, Dean. But don’t tell anyone else, okay?”
“Yeah,” He pauses, “yeah, I just, I needed a minute.”
It's like angels singing every time I hear your name”
“I’ve never actually been to Mexico, so this’ll be a whole different ball game. I’m real excited, though.”
“And I didn’t really want to go into it right there because, like I said, it’s a lot,” Dean adds. He waits for Cas to respond. When he doesn't, Dean continues.
“I know, I know,” Dean sighs, “I told Sam about you long before you even called me after that first night. He just kinda put two and two together when he saw you last night. He and Jess aren’t gonna judge you, Cas. You don’t have to worry about them.”
Dean groans and lifts himself up and pulls himself out of Castiel’s ass. Castiel whimpers a little, but then he gets up and walks to the bathroom, Dean follows.
Sam pulls John up off the ground next. Smug son of a bitch is laughing. Dean’s heating up again but before anything else can happen, Sam is dragging John out the door.
Dean wakes up to his shower running, so he hops out of bed and opens the bathroom door.
They order their food and sit in silence for a while before Sam finally clears his throat to speak.
“They won’t let me be in there with him,” Sam says as Dean pulls out of the hug to look him in the eye.
“So, did your wish come true?” Cas mumbles from the bathroom, his mouth full of toothpaste as he brushes his teeth.
Cas nods and leaves Dean to finish his shower.
He unlocks his phone to check his messages, but he still doesn’t have a text from Cas.
As much as it pains Dean to leave, he doesn’t want to push Castiel, even though he’s the one offering for him to stay longer. They had dinner, made out, and had sex. He doesn’t want to overwhelm Castiel his first time with a man. Plus, if he stays longer, sitting in silence with Cas during a movie, Cas might start thinking and realize this was a huge mistake and kick Dean out and never want to see him again. Dean doesn’t want to risk that, so it’s better if he just leaves.
“A Few Good Men?” Castiel looks at him, pleased with his choice.
Cas nods and walks over to a table for two. A waitress comes over and asks if she can get them anything. Cas orders a Caramel Latte and Dean just orders a coffee, black. He’s never been able to get into all that fru, fru shit coffee places serve nowadays.
“I love you, Dean,” he says when he breaks away just far enough to look into Dean’s eyes.
Dean smiles. Cas looks really fucking cute right now, so Dean sits there and admires him as he finishes his pie.
Dean laughs and shrugs his shoulders as he takes a sip from the new glass of alcohol in front of him.
Dean swallows.
“Dean!” Sam shouts when they lock eyes. “Y’all were incredible tonight, man!”
“Where are we going?” Cas asks.
“I figured you didn’t,” Cas says.
Dean smiles. He missed it too, but there’s a lump forming at the back of his throat that’s preventing him from saying it back.
“Wow. Hi,” Cas says, pulling away to catch his breath.
“You knew about the deal?” Dean says.
“Right, so I just didn’t want to get into all that shit. But, it’s not fair for me to lie to you,” Dean’s quiet again. Cas doesn’t say anything either, he waits for Dean to continue.
“This was a mistake; I shouldn’t have come here.”
“Hey, Storme, it’s good to be back. I’ve been good, man. You know, just working on the album. Putting the finishing touches on and getting her ready for the release,” Dean says.
“How about Charlie’s? It’s a coffee shop on 3
“Fuck,” he says as he wipes his hands over his face, “thank god.”
“Alright, I’ll, uh, I’ll text you,” Dean says.
“Always a little bitch,” John laughs as he swings at Dean again. This time, Dean’s expecting it and he dodges John’s fist.
“You’re drunk, Cas. I don’t wanna take a’vantage a you like this.”
They move to the center of the bed and position themselves. Cas pops open the bottle of lube and squeezes some onto his fingers.
“Benny, is this a strip club?” Dean asks.
Dean leans over and buries his head in his hands. This is the last thing he wanted. He stands up and walks over to the mini bar to make himself a drink. But, as he puts the glass up to his lips, it’s smacked out of his hand and onto the carpet.
“No one else. Everyone else I’ve talked to about you just know you as some guy I met at the bar.”
,” Dean says, ruffling her hair. She giggles as she picks up another piece of pancake with her fingers and puts it in her mouth. “Someone is gonna need a bath when breakfast is over.”
Lee gets out of the bed and searches the room for his clothes. Dean can’t help but marvel at the man’s bare features. He really does miss what he and Lee had when they were kids, but that ship has long since left the dock.
“Hell yeah, you got whipped cream and chocolate syrup?”
Dean looks down and checks his watch, “Now,” he says.
15 minutes and 22 dollars later, the cab pulls up to the curb outside his apartment building. Dean gets out and helps Castiel get out and up to the exterior door.
“Dean,” Cas says, his face hardening as he looks up at Sam.
Dean smiles at her as Cas instinctively grabs his wrist and starts running his thumb over his tattoo.
“I’d better finish getting ready. I have to leave in a minute,” Cas says as he walks back into his bedroom.
Cas sits down at the table and watches Dean. He looks really sexy behind that grill. He tells him about the cases he had today as he tries to ignore the heat creeping up on the back of his neck.
“Things are amazing, Dean. I can’t explain it, but she’s the one,” Sam says, smiling down at his feet.
“He didn’t want you to worry,” Jack says. “He knew you would try to get him out of it, but he’d made peace with it.”
“Thanks, sweetheart.”
Dean cracks up as Benny pretends to be devastated. Jo walks away to grab their beers and the table is quiet for a moment.
“Or maybe not,” Dean says, his face falling a little. He rubs a hand over his face. “Fuck...yeah. Yeah, that’s, uh, that’s a good idea,” he manages to piece together.
“Glad to see you’re still alive,” Sam says walking over to open up the curtains, letting in such an obscene amount of sunlight that it makes Dean squeeze his eyes shut and turn away from it.
He quickly opens the messages from Sam.
Sam was right, though he’d never tell him that. The album release is less than three weeks away. He should be out playing gigs with his band to get their fans hyped for the new release. He’s just been in a shitty mood since the whole thing with Castiel.
There’s another silence on the line before the man finally says,
“Son of a bitch!” Dean yells. He’s pretty sure he just broke it.
“Billie,” Dean starts after a while. Sam looks up at him. “She wasn’t the one killing everyone. She said it was Chuck.”
“Are you a Godly man, Dean?”
“What is it, dear?” Naomi says.
Dean feels a knot form in the pit of his stomach. This could either be really good or really bad, he thinks, as he recalls the look on Cas’ face that night when he joked about being his date.
“Dude, why wouldn’t you let me drive? You know I can’t stand this thing. Too many damn buttons,” Dean complains as he presses a random button that makes the sun roof open up and let in the drizzle from outside.
“Ice cream?” Cas proposes.
for Cas, though. However, he’s not about to give in that easily. He’s gonna make Castiel work for it.
“Dunno, first time in here far as I can tell,” Jo says as she wipes a ring of condensation off the bar in front of Dean.
“Everything okay?” Dean asks, joining Cas in the car.
What’s your wrist tattoo bible verse say?
Benny sighs and walks over to Dean, snatching the beer out of his hand and pouring it down the sink.
They spend hours talking things through. They laugh, they cry, Cas even jokingly punches Dean in his good arm before they both start cracking up.
“Why are you here? I mean, don’t get me wrong, I’m glad you got here when you did, but…” he trails off.
“He obviously doesn’t know what he had then, you seem like a good guy.”
“Please tell me you’ve at least had something to drink in the past three days that wasn’t alcohol,” Sam says with a concerned look on his face as he eyes all of the empty liquor bottles scattered around the room.
“You were snoring,” Cas says.
“Wow, uh, okay yeah, of course,” Dean says, taking it all in. He’s not on the same level as Blake Shelton or Luke Bryan, much less George Strait or Hank Williams Jr. He’s in a state of shock right now that Blake specifically asked for his appearance.
They sit on the couch the rest of the night, watching episode after episode, thighs pressed against each other and Dean’s arm wrapped around Cas’ shoulders until they finally fall asleep.
“I’m sorry,” Cas pants against Dean’s lips, "I just assumed...," he trails off.
“Got into a fight with a hotel bathroom wall,” Dean rolls his eyes. “The wall won.”
“No worries, baby, I get it,” Diamond says. “Why don’t you tell me what you are ready for.”
“Oh, ohhh. Oh, hell yeah, let’s go,” Cas says, grabbing Dean’s hand and pulling him towards one of the cars hired to drive them back to the hotel.
Dean manages to figure out where Cas is pointing to and he reluctantly pulls himself away from Cas’ lips, so he can grab the condoms from the drawer.
“What?” Cas responds, innocently.
“I-I-wow, Cas. I don’t even know what to say right now,” Dean stutters.
“Always the charmer, Dean,” she says, “so you’re here for pie, huh? I should’ve known. That nose can smell homemade apple pie from a mile away.”
“A movie buff, huh?” Dean says with a smirk on his face, “we’ll see about that. Where’s your collection?”
“Hm? Uh, everything, I guess,” Dean says. Cas glares at Dean and then returns to look at the menu. Dean notices the look Cas gives him and he forces himself to relax. There’s no point in being mad at Cas over something so trivial. “But, first time, you gotta go with Cain’s famous country fried steak,” Dean suggests. “It’ll make you wanna slap your momma.”
“I’m never leaving this bed,” Dean says as he cuddles up against one of the pillows and closes his eyes.
Dean can feel Sam burning a hole in his face. He’s never been good at taking no for an answer when it comes to shit Dean’s dealing with. It’s been somewhat of a comfort for Dean, because if Sam didn’t make him talk about his shit, he wouldn’t, and he would’ve exploded a long time ago.
There’s silence on the other end of the line, Dean almost checks to see if the man is still there.
Dean doesn’t say anything. He just motions to Jo that he’d like another beer.
“I’m alright, you stay there,” Castiel demands as he walks back into the kitchen to retrieve the main course.
Cas lands on a crime documentary. Dean raises his eyebrows.
“Deal.” Dean gets up and walks to the other side of the table to unbuckle her. “Come on, miss thing. Let’s go get you cleaned up.” He picks her up, doing his best not to get syrup all over himself, and walks her down the hallway to the bathroom.
“Hey everybody,” Dean starts as the bar begins to quiet down, “my name is Dean Winchester,” the whole bar begins to cheer, Sam being the loudest and most embarrassing. Dean laughs and continues, “this song I’m about to sing is one y’all haven’t heard yet, so, I hope y’all enjoy it,” he finishes as the bar cheers again and the music starts to play.
“I just got off the phone with my parents. They’re really excited to see me and to meet ‘my friend’. We’re having dinner at their house at 5,” Cas says, putting air quotes around “my friend”.
“Fuck, I missed that,” Lee breathes out.
“I’m not fucking doing this with you, dad. It’s Christmas for fuck’s sake,” Dean says, rubbing his cheek.
Benny glances down at the bed like he forgot, then back up at Dean.
Dean smiles back down at him and then they all head into the living room. Sam sets the presents they brought under Dean’s tree and then joins Jess in the large loveseat, opposite Dean and Cas on the couch.
Everyone, including Bobby and Jody, show up one after the other and they board the plane soon after that. Cas continues to reassure Dean that he’s fine and that he’s safe for the entire flight to Cancun, Mexico.
He gets up and walks out onto his back porch, shutting the door behind him. He pulls out his phone and dials Cas’ number. He’s almost certain Cas won’t answer, but that doesn’t stop him from calling.
“Watch me,” Dean retorts, tossing his straw onto the table and finishing his glass of water in one, long gulp.
“Not bad for someone who’s never done it before, huh?” Cas boasts.
“Yeah, you know. Met someone at the bar and it got those creative juices flowing,” he chuckles, making sure not to make eye contact with Sam.
“Oh shit, the movie,” Dean remembers.
“Get out,” Dean mumbles, unsuccessfully reaching for the comforter to wrap himself back up in.
“I would assume the same thing that brought you in here; alcohol” Castiel retorts, not taking his eyes off the tv above his head. It’s a recap of the Vols’ win last weekend.
“Just wanted to see if there was anything I can do to help with the release,” Dean answers, innocently.
don’t bottom,” Castiel challenges.
Dean sighs and glares at her. He didn’t wanna pull this card, but Sam needs this.
“Like hell it is! What are you doing here? What the fuck are y’all fighting about?” Dean turns to Sam with a concerned look on his face, “Are you okay? Lemme see your eye.”
There’s a knot forming in the back of Dean’s throat as he tries his best not to let his face reveal the panic he’s feeling. He glances at Cas and he can tell Cas is freaking out internally as well. The reporters have quieted down enough to allow Dean to answer.
“I’m pretty damn excited,” Dean smiles. “It feels good to be back on a stage like this again. This just makes me even more anxious for our tour coming up.”
“Catch you later, man,” Luke says, stepping aside to allow Dean to head out onto the stage.
“Tempranillo,” Dean says. “It’s a Mexican wine with hints of cherry, dried fig, cedar, and tobacco.”
“You didn’t force me, Dean. You got me thinking. I did this for me. For my peace of mind,” Cas tells him. “And if it just so happens to benefit you, well, that’s just a plus,” he says as he runs his fingers up Dean’s chest.
Just as Dean leans in to kiss Cas, there’s a knock on the door. Dean closes his eyes and laughs.
Cas attempts a smile, his face still burdened with sympathy.
They finally break apart to catch their breath. Dean is acutely aware of the fact that Jack and Sam are still in the barn with them, but in this moment, he can’t find it in him to care about anything else.
, Lee?” Benny chimes in.
Dean walks in and heads straight for the counter.
“When I saw you for the first time
Cas nods and pulls away.
“Yeah, well what if I’m tired of people counting on me,” Dean says as more of a statement than a question.
“Pictures? What pictures?” Cas asks, panic clear in his voice.
Dean works on this song, writing the chorus for what feels like only 15 minutes. He can’t get it right, it’s not flowing the way he wants it to. He glances at his watch and notices it’s 5:45 pm. Damn, he’s been working on this a lot longer than he thought, and he’s gotten nowhere. He sighs and lifts himself up from his chair, closing his song book and leaving it in his studio.
“It’s fine, Cas,” Dean shakes his head and picks up his utensils to actually eat his food. “It was a long time ago. All the really bad shit, I mean. Shit like this,” he points to his jaw, “I don’t let it bother me because I don’t really care what he thinks anymore, you know? I used to live my life trying to be just like him. Trying to impress him, to make him proud of me. But as long as I’m me, he’ll never be proud of me. I figured that out a long time ago, and I’m okay with it now.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean replies, awkwardly running a hand over the back of his neck, “you uh-, you wanna grab a table?”
“Alright, y’all. I have an early morning, so we’d better get going,” Sam says.
“Aw man, Deano, I was just pickin’,” Benny laughs, “Have a good night!” He screams into the phone. Dean hears him yell ‘woohoo’ at someone before the phone cuts out.
Castiel smiles, that seems to satisfy his disappointment.
“Castiel,” Bart begins, and Cas can already feel the heat rising on the back of his neck as he interjects.
They stop at the door to his room to come up for air. But as soon as Dean sees the flushed color of Cas’ cheeks and the ways his teeth scrape across his bottom lip, he goes back in for more.
The room falls silent, both Bart and Cas look at Dean sympathetically as he looks down at his feet.
“Damn, you know we’re just going to lunch, right?” Dean teases.
That's just started with that cover band
“I do want this, Dean. I’m sorry if, even for a second, I’ve ever made you feel like I didn’t,” Cas says, taking his hand under the table.
One of us sleeps good, and one of us hates to face the night
Cas nods, but he doesn’t say anything.
Dean stares at him for a moment. Something’s obviously off, but he’s not gonna go into it right here. He turns the key in the ignition and the Impala roars to life. He stops at a CVS to pick up some condoms and then they drive back to Dean’s house.
“I don’t either, but I don’t know how much longer I can keep hiding and sneaking around. I feel like I’m fifteen again and trying to keep my dad from finding out.”
“Damn, he’s really tryna distract me, huh?” He says as she pushes him onto a couch in a private room and shuts the door.
Dean leans down to kiss Cas and then he presses his forehead to Cas’ and sighs. He pulls back and looks at Cas.
“What?” Cas asks.
“Yeah, okay. I get that,” Cas says as he repositions himself to sit next to Dean instead of straddled on top of him.
“Yeah, uh, it’s a lot to take in. It’s definitely a lot of pressure too, but, uh, you know, we’ve been rehearsing for a while, so I think we’ve got it down pat. I’m not worried,” he lies.
“You slept at Benny’s?” Cas asks, crossing his arms over his chest.
“That doesn’t mean that it gets any easier, Dean. It’s okay if you don’t want to talk about it.”
“Fine,” Cas says.
“Why not? What’d you do?”
“Gone,” he manages to choke out. He takes a deep breath, the first one he’s taken since the empty took Cas. “He’s gone.”
Cas pulls away, wiping his eyes and clearing his throat, attempting to pull himself together.
“I, uh, covered it up with that cover up makeup shit,” Dean admits.
This lap dance has turned into more of a therapy session, but Dean’s not mad about it. In fact, he prefers it. He wasn’t really in the mood for this tonight anyway and it’s easier to talk about this with someone he knows he’s never gonna see again.
“How’d it go?” Sam straightens up, “I thought he stood you up.”
“Nah, man, s’cool. I’m leavin’.”
“It’s fine, I didn’t expect you to bring anything. I was thinking we could watch a movie, order pizza?” Castiel asks as he motions for Dean to move into the living room and onto the couch.
“Yeah but your idea of Thanksgiving dinner and mine are very different,” Cas teases.
“Been good, can’t complain,” Lee says, then he pauses for a moment to look Dean over as well. “It is
“Sammy,” Dean says.
“Uh, yeah. I stay with Benny all the time. He’s my best friend, Cas. What’s the big deal?”
“He did love you, Dean. I could feel it,” Jack says. Dean looks up at him.
Dean tries to enjoy the sushi burrito Sam insists on ordering for him, but it’s just too weird. Sushi and burritos should never be combined, and he tells Sam as much.
Cas spends most of the night at the bar, instead of clinging to Dean, so that Dean can enjoy himself. Sam and Jess sit with him for a while, but they’re a bit more used to this kind of thing than he is, so they end up making their way over to socialize with some of the guests.
“No, Dean,
“Nah, nah, nah, here, lemme see those,” Dean says, grabbing the plates, “you gotta heat ‘em up. If you can’t eat it fresh out of the oven, nuke it. You got any vanilla ice cream?” He asks.
It’s a piece of paper that looks to be printed from an email. The heading is titled
When they walk in, the bar erupts in cheers and congratulations. Dean makes his rounds and greets everyone while Cas hangs back with Sam and Jess.
Dean decides to show him just how sure he is. He rips open a condom wrapper with his teeth and rolls it onto his growing erection. He pops open the bottle of lube and squeezes it out onto his fingers.
“Where are the guys?” Dean asks him.
“Good to see you too, Colette,” Dean replies. “Cain in the kitchen?”
“Fine,” Castiel sighs, “see you tomorrow.”
“Hey, brother,” Benny says, welcoming Dean inside.
Sam steps in and brings Michael up to speed on the plan. Now that they all understand their parts, it’s showtime.
Dean wipes the corners of his mouth with his thumb before sucking it into his mouth to clean it off. He watches as Cas catches his breath, sitting back up to look down at Dean.
“You’re right, I’m being selfish. So, what’s the plan?”
“What? Don’t worry about it,” Dean says, putting his hand behind his back.
“Okay, Cas. I know this is your first time, so if you need me to stop, just say the word. I’ll try not to go too fast.”
Castiel huffs and surrenders, allowing Dean to walk with him out to his car. He stumbles a bit, but Dean steadies him.
Dean’s phone lights up with a text from Bobby:
“Oh, okay, well, uh, what kind of things? Mind if I tag along?” Dean asks.
“So, Sam and Eileen and the kids will be here around three. Claire told me Kaia doesn’t get off work until five, so they won’t be here until after that,” Cas informs him.
“Hey, you seen my shirt?”
Benny sighs as he puts down his sticks and walks over to Dean.
The bar joins him in singing the third chorus this time. He’s jumping all over the stage and putting his whole heart into this performance. This random performance on this 3-inch-thick stage in the middle of a fucking sushi bar, of all places.
Dean contemplates walking out the door anyway. Nashville is a big enough city, he could probably leave and get away with never seeing Castiel ever again. He almost does when he locks eyes with Charlie. The look on her face tells him to sit his ass back down and hear Cas out, so he sighs and sits.
Dean laughs as he unties the blindfold and pulls it away from Cas’ eyes. It takes a second for his eyes to adjust to the lighting, but when they do, he’s met with a romantically lit table for two in a forest clearing right off a pathway from the hotel.
Dean smiles and kisses him again.
“Well, lucky for us, we have a master chef at our disposal,” Sam says, wrapping an arm around Eileen’s shoulder and squeezing her into him.
“Hey Cas, it’s me. I know you’re not talking to me and I’m trying to give you your space, but I really hope you listen to this. I just wanted to check on you and make sure everything’s okay. I know this was a huge thing that you didn’t want your family finding out and I don’t know if they have yet, but uh, I just-I know you won’t wanna talk to me but you can always talk to Sam. Or, hell, any of the guys, if you just need someone who knows and won’t judge you. I’m here if you do end up wanting to talk though,” he hits the end call button and stares at his phone for a minute. He wants nothing more than to hear Cas’ voice right now.
Dean laughs as he walks up to Cas and kisses him through a smile.
Dean laughs to himself then looks up at Cas over the top of the paper.
Dean gets home and heads straight up to his room. He’s not in the mood to talk to anyone else, so he cuts off his phone and curls up in his bed for the rest of the day.
Castiel falls down onto the bed with Dean in tow, pulling him down on top of him.
“As promised, this morning we’re joined by none other than Dean Winchester! It’s good to have you back in the studio, Dean. How you been?” Storme says by way of introduction.
Where’s your hometown?
“I understand you’re hurtin’, boy, but I ain’t about to sit here and watch you drink yourself to death. John does enough of that for the both of you,” Bobby warns. “Now I’m gonna head back downstairs and load up the bus. I better see you down there in twenty minutes or I’m leaving your ass in Memphis, understand?”
Dean pulls up to Charlie’s 10 minutes early. When he walks inside, he heads straight to a table in the back occupied by a petite red head hunched over a laptop. Dean comes up from behind and covers her eyes,
******Spoilers for trigger warning******
“Shit, it’s already ten o’clock? Why didn’t anybody say anything?” He says.
Castiel agrees and stands with Dean for a few minutes before a cab rolls up. Dean helps Castiel get into the car and then climbs in after him.
“Tobacco?” Cas scrunches his nose. “I wouldn’t have expected tobacco to be put in a drink, or for it to taste like this.”
The party draws to a close around 11 pm. Dean and Cas are among the last to leave, only falling short of Sam, Jess, Bobby, and Jody. Sam assures Cas that they can handle the cleanup and that he should take Dean home.
Cas groans and tries to pull them back up, to no avail.
“Lay it on me, Winchester,” she says.
“What, um…what happened last night? Why’d it take you so long to get back to me?” Cas asks.
“Lemme see. My dad taught me this trick for when you burn bread. If you scrape away the black, the bread underneath will be good as new,” Dean says as he gets up and walks around the island to stand next to Cas.
“Dean! Happy birthday, man!” Luke says once he’s within hearing distance.
“Hey,” Dean says, putting his hand on Cas’ chin and turning his face up towards his own, “I’ll text you. We can plan another date soon.”
“Hey, Cas, it’s me,” Dean says back.
Cas lets out a breath that it sounds like he’s been holding since they arrived at the house earlier this evening.
“Yeah, I remember.”
“I’m always right,” Benny says back with a wink.
A stranger but when I saw you
“I have something I wanna talk to you about,” Dean says, looking at Charlie. “I’ve been wracking my brain and I just need another opinion or two.
“Had our first official date last night,” Dean says looking down, unable to hide the smile spreading across his face, despite the pain it’s causing him.
Dean smirks as Sam sneaks a glance at him. Sam has always been proud of his older brother, but not nearly as proud as Dean is of Sam.
Dean whips around to see Cas standing there, the moon illuminating the perfect features of his face.
“You’re not fine. Far from it, brother. I saw the trash bag full of empty liquor bottles, which I’m assuming Sam gathered up because, according to him, you had hardly left your bed in days when he stopped by. I guess that didn’t last, though, huh? Lee, Dean?” Benny steers the conversation back to the initial topic.
“Alright so I’ll let Luke’s manager know. Next on the list is...shit, prepare yourself for this one, boy,” Bobby says.
“Oh, come on, Dean. S’only one am. The night’s still young!”
“What?” Cas responds.
“Knock, knock!” Claire says, letting herself into the house. “Where’s my sweet Alma Grace?”
? I mean, you met the guy once and wrote a song about him. We were together for almost, what? Two years? And I didn’t even get
“If I answer that question, all it’s gonna do is disappoint you,” Dean finally says.
Cas responds immediately.
“Can you move your right knee a little more to the right, you’re, like, kneeing me right in the ass,” Dean complains, not actually bothered by the placement of Cas’ knee.
They walk over to a large armoire positioned against the corner of the room. Cas opens it up and reveals to Dean rows upon rows of movies, ranging from The Lord of the Rings to Caddyshack. Dean’s pretty sure he even catches a glimpse of a Nicholas Sparks movie here or there.
“Forgive me for sounding like an idiot, but what does this mean for his chances?” Dean asks. He glances at Sam and he see’s the question break him just a little bit, but he had to ask. He knew Sam wouldn’t have.
“I’m sorry,” Dean says, walking over to stand in front of Cas.
A few days go by and Dean hasn’t heard from Cas. He’s left him messages and sent him a ton of texts, but Cas is ignoring him. In turn, Dean is ignoring everyone else in his life.
“So, Dean, what are you feeling right now? First time performing at the Grammys, that’s gotta come with a lot of pressure,” a pretty, red-headed reporter asks him as she holds a mic up to his face.
As the band walks on stage and the crowd cheers, Sam, Cas and the rest of the guests get comfortable in front of the large screen to watch the performance.
“Hell yeah I was surprised,” Dean laughs. “Thank you for this, both of you.” He pulls them both into a hug and he feels Cas immediately tense up, but then quickly relax into the embrace.
“Alright, alright. Sorry. You know how people get,” Dean laughs, jogging out to the car.
Dean notices Cas tensing up and he tilts his head a bit in confusion.
“Gee, thanks, Sammy,” Dean responds, waving Sam’s hand away as he drags himself out of the bed and walks towards the bathroom.
“I know it ain’t been easy, brother,” Benny starts, speaking softly, “you can’t let yourself spiral downhill, though. You got a lot of people counting on you, Sam, myself, the guys, and Bobby included.”
“Maybe because he knew he’d have to leave you if he did. And I think he was worried about losing you because part of him never thought you would ever love him back,” Jack responds.
“What can I say, Sammy?” He winks as Cas walks out of the bathroom and whacks his chest with the back of his hand. “Ow, hey!”
One of us sleeps good, one of us hates to face the night
Dean sighs and rubs his hands over his face before looking Cas in the eye.
Dean laughs, not bad is an understatement. Dean’s never felt pleasure like that before in his entire life. He thought being the one to cause that sort of reaction was the most pleasurable thing in bed, but god was he wrong. So fucking wrong.
He waits for Cas to respond for a minute, but when he doesn’t, Dean locks his phone and heads home.
Dean mimics Cas and bites his lip too before leaning over and pulling Cas into a long, slow kiss. He’s glad it’s dark out right now because Cas is actually kissing him back. And fuck did he miss the taste of him on his lips.
“No, no, no, no, I don’t sing. But, uh, Dean, you should get up there! Sing us something off your album!” Sam replies, knowing damn well he’s putting Dean on the spot.
“Ow! What the fuck!” Dean yells.
“Whew, I need a glass of water,” MC says, fanning herself.
Dean smiles again, definitely enjoying this side of Cas. He shifts his hips a little as Cas inserts his finger. Dean tenses up and squeezes his eyes shut.
“Dean,” Castiel says flatly, “we need to talk. Can you meet me?” he asks.
Dean sits up, laughing.
“No ‘buts’, I’m glad it ended up working out for you. Are you gonna see him again?” Sam asks. Dean’s not convinced there isn’t some underlying doubt, but he moves on anyway, remembering that he texted Cas and hadn’t checked his phone since.
Dean stops and looks up at him. He’s going too fast, isn’t he?
“Why the hell not?” Dean asks, slightly annoyed. He still has very mixed feelings about this situation. On one hand, John is his dad. He’ll always have a soft spot for him. But, on the other hand, John and Dean didn’t necessarily get along when Dean was growing up. They still don’t. John never forgave Dean for ruining his image of having the two perfect sons. Dean has gotten to the point with John where nothing he does really even phases him anymore. He wasn’t surprised to hear John drove home drunk. He wasn’t surprised to hear John got into an accident. Nothing John Winchester does catches Dean off guard. He’s used to all this shit.
Dean rubs his face again, annoyed with himself. He should’ve just told Cas the truth. But, then again, it’s probably better Cas doesn’t know what a piece of shit his dad is. At least not for a while.
“Blue eyes? Who’s this blue eyes?” Gilda says, intrigued.
Dean hugs Bobby and kisses Jody on the cheek as he leaves to head back into the city. Now all he's gotta do is kill time.
“WHAT’D I FUCKIN’ SAY?!”
“How long have you two been together?”
“Friend,” Cas says, extending a hand to Colette.
“This past year has been…one for the books, to say the least,” Cas says as he turns to look at Dean. “The past two years with you have been the best years of my life, as long as we edit out that minor 6 week break.” Everyone at the table laughs. “You helped me find myself when I didn’t even know I was lost. I don’t think I’ll ever be able to show you just how much you mean to me, but,” Cas gets down on one knee as he pulls out a small box from his back pocket. “I’d like to spend the rest of my life trying. Dean Winchester, will you marry me?”
Bobby pauses in the doorway.
“No worries, we’re just glad y’all had a good night. You were really great on stage tonight, Dean,” Jess says.
“Oh shit, uh, hi,” he says.
Dean grabs his arm again to make sure he doesn’t fall.
“One bacon burger coming up. Dean Winchester, I swear to you, you keep bringing that boy in here, I’m gonna be in a grave quicker than he can decide what to order,” Ellen warns. Dean laughs, he knows Benny does it just to pick on her.
“Alright, I got some stuff to work out with the album release and press coverage. Get outta here ‘fore I make you sit and make phone calls with me.” Bobby threatens.
Dean is silent for a moment.
“What about our fans? What about all the shows already announced, all the tickets already sold?” Dean asks.
Sam sighs, but he doesn’t say anything else on the subject. They don’t say another word to each other the rest of the drive to Dean’s house. The radio is set to the Highway and the tail end of a throwback Tim McGraw song plays as Buzz Brainard comes back on the air.
And are you down to get outta here too?
“Dean,” Cas smiles against Dean’s lips, “it’s 2 in the morning, I’m tired. Let’s go to bed.”
tried.”
Sam sighs and rubs his forehead.
Dean looks at him, confused.
Dinner goes just about how you’d expect. Lots of conversation, lots of picking fun at each other, and lots of laughter. Even a couple chuckles from Bobby.
Lee watches with a grin as he rides Dean out.
Cas walks out of the kitchen in a flour covered apron to greet them.
“You have a point. But honestly, how hard can it be, Dean?”
“Fuck, I’m so-I’m so fuckin’-I'm so fuckin' close,” Dean whimpers.
“It’s okay, Cas. Next time just come right out and talk to me about it. I would never do anything to hurt you like that,” Dean says, looking Cas in the eye and rubbing a thumb over his cheek.
“Aw, come on, Dean, I wanna hear it,” Cas teases.
“S’nothing. I tripped yesterday and busted my face on the banister of the stairs in my house,” Dean lies.
“Need any help?” Dean offers.
“Nice save,” Dean smirks. “Go pick up your parents, I got this. Sam and Jess will be here soon anyway so if you really don’t trust my judgement, there will be two far more responsible people here shortly.”
The large house suddenly feels a lot emptier than it ever has before.
Chasin' all the wrong things most of my life
“Y’all were incredible,” Andrea says. “I love that last song you sang, Dean. The line about the wrist tattoo bible verse is so catchy, it’s gonna be stuck in my head all night.”
“It smells great in here. What are you making?”
“Alright, alright, enough,” Dean says as he pulls his hands from her eyes. She turns around and flings her arms over his shoulders in a hug.
“I don’t know, man,” Dean says, tapping a pen against the notebook in his hands, “I just don’t wanna be another artist who does a medley, you know? I kinda just wanna do two or three songs one after the other.”
Sam sighs again.
“Yeah, she is,” Cas smiles. How did
“Hi,” Dean says back, grinning from ear to ear.
“Mr. Winchester is in room 102 on the fourth floor. Here, you’ll need this visitor badge,” she says as she hands him a sticker with his name on it and the word ‘visitor’ written in big blue letters.
“And leave Benny with you two love birds? I can’t do that to him,” Dean tries.
Colette comes up to their table with their food. Dean and Cas smile and thank her and after she walks away, Dean continues.
Dean drives a few miles out of town and down a long stretch of dirt road. Bobby and Jody live in a large farmhouse with a lot of land just outside of Nashville. When he gets there, he walks up and knocks on the oversized door several times before Bobby actually opens it.
Cas glares at Dean, annoyed that he won’t acknowledge the fact that his hand is in a cast.
person I’ve ever
Dean turns the water off and dries his hands, getting blood all over the towel. He pops the top off of his beer and takes a long swig of it.
He pulls his hand out of the wall; it’s cut up and bleeding pretty badly. He runs it under the water to wash away the blood. As he attempts to un-ball his hand, an immeasurable amount of pain shoots through his fingers and wrist.
“This hasn’t been easy for me either, Dean! You’re the first man I’ve ever been with. The only person who’s
“Look, Dean, I know you’ve been having a tough time since…everything happened,” Sam treads carefully, “but you can’t let it get in the way of your life.”
He has an answer from Benny as soon as he gets out.
“5 it is then,” he says. He can feel how tense Cas is with his arms wrapped around him. “You okay? You sure you wanna do this?”
He walks in the house and sets his keys in the dish. Making his way into the living room, something on the kitchen table catches his eye.
“Yes ma’am, it’s a pleasure to finally meet you,” Dean says, reaching out a hand.
Dean pulls away and looks at Castiel, both of them panting.
“That sounds good, Dean. Let’s, uh, let’s do that.”
“Yeah, uh, speaking of jewelry,” Sam trails off.
Dean freezes as he looks over at him.
Dean removes Cas’ shirt and starts trailing kisses down his neck and torso. When he gets to the waistband of Cas’ boxers, he starts to tug on them with his teeth until Castiel stops him.
“No way, you watch this show?” Dean asks.
“G’night, Dean.”
“I know, I’m sorry,” he says. Cas stares down at their hands, avoiding Dean’s eyes. After a moment, he adds, “are you ever gonna be okay with this?”
Cas gets up and holds his hand out for Dean to take so he can help him up but instead, Dean pulls Cas back down on top of him and kisses him again.
Dean leaves the coffee shop and heads straight to the liquor store. He can’t show up to Cas’ dinner invitation empty handed. He walks in and browses for a moment before seeking out the help of one of the store’s employees. Dean’s got a taste for whiskey and finding the best brand in this store would be a piece of cake for him. But he’s not about to show up to Cas’ with a bottle of Jack. He needs something more romantic, so he opts for wine. Problem is, he doesn’t know the difference between sweet wine, dry wine, or anything in between. How can wine, a liquid, be dry anyway? It makes no damn sense. Luckily, one of the employees knows her stuff and finds him a nice bottle of Bordeaux. He buys it and then he’s off to his next stop, Bobby’s.
“It’s not a big deal, Sammy. We made out a little and he passed out on his bed. Not like I professed my undying love for him and he turned me down. Let it go,” Dean tries, even though he knows Sam is absolutely
Dean’s breath hitches.
“Number one, baby!” Benny yells as he wraps Dean in a hug.
On a Thursday before 10 o’clock
He looks at Dean who’s just as surprised as he is.
John ignores him, not taking his eyes off Dean.
Dean thinks for a moment. He checks his phone again and sees that he still doesn’t have any missed texts or calls from Cas.
“Oh, I think I’ll be just fine, brother,” Benny says, not helping Dean at all.
Jack turns to look at Dean, who’s staring down at his wringing hands.
Dean lifts himself up and pulls Cas’ hands away from his face and holds them in his own.
“A few good lines? C’mon that’s a little bit of an understatement,” MC says.
“Dean look at me. What the hell happened? We’ve been calling and texting you all morning. Didn’t you hear your phone going off?”
Cas’ face turns hot and he looks at Dean, biting his lip.
“I was just, uh, I don’t know. I just hadn’t gotten around to it. I guess word travels fast, though, huh?” Dean responds, grinning up at his brother.
“Yep, yep, I know. I’ll tell him. Okay. Okay. Uh-huh, okay. Yep. Alright, bye,” He says into the phone. “Alright, boy, we got a lot of shit to go over so get comfy.”
“Yep, c’mon. It’s amazing.”
“Did it work? Is he gone?” Sam asks.
“Okay,” Dean says and then Cas is gone.
They land in Lebanon, KS late that night. Rather than bother Cas’ parents, they decide to get a hotel room and reach out to his parents in the morning.
The bedroom door opens, and Dean hears someone enter his bedroom. He knows who it is.
“It’s late, but I really do want to explain things from this morning. Do you work tomorrow?”
Christmas morning, Dean wakes up to the smell of coffee brewing. He smiles and opens his eyes, jumping out of bed to meet Cas downstairs.
Dean smiles at her, then walks over to Cas and Cas greets him with a smile. Maybe this won’t be as bad as he’s expecting.
“I’m criminal law, Dean,” Cas says matter of factly.
“Harder, Dean!” Castiel says, his eyes still squeezed shut.
“This is beautiful, Dean. I can’t believe you set all of this up. I was with you the whole time, when did you have time to do all of this?”
Dean raises his eyebrow and bites his lip as he searches Benny’s face for a hint that there was any other reason. Benny notices this and his demeanor changes.
Sam and Benny stand there looking at Dean, at each other, and then back at Dean.
Dean attempts to hold it long enough to let Cas come first. He acknowledges him by squeezing his thigh. He sucks down to the base and swallows one more time before the back of his throat is hit with the warm release as he follows right after.
“Couple of days? Bold of you to assume getting fucked by Dean Winchester won’t leave its mark for longer than a couple of days,” Dean teases.
I had fun tonight.
“Almost, just getting a few more things,” Cas responds from the bathroom.
Cas moves back and positions himself in front of Dean’s hole, applying more lube to Dean and to himself.
“Dean,” A short woman in her fifties says as she comes out from behind the station and wraps her arms around his neck. “So good to see you!”
Tell me this, do you kiss on the first date?
“So, you busy today? I only have a few days off before I have to really buckle down and-“.
“Morning, sunshine. Want some coffee?” Dean asks, smiling at Cas’ disheveled look.
“This was fun, I should take you to lunch during the week more often,” Dean says, winking at Cas.
“Hello?” Cas answers.
Dean nods and leans over to kiss Cas goodbye, but Cas turns away from Dean and quickly gets out of the car.
“It’s fine. I, uh, I like talking about her. I could never really do that when I was a kid because my dad never wanted to. She was the love of his life, ya know? So, when she passed, he kind of just…fell apart.”
Cas gets up and holds his hand out for Dean again, almost deciding against it though to avoid a repeat of last time. But Dean grabs it and uses it to help himself up off the couch instead. He’s rocky on his feet, so Cas puts Dean’s arm around his shoulder and helps him up the stairs and into bed.
A pretty brunette woman wearing butterfly printed scrubs looks up at him from behind the desk.
Colette seats them at a table by the window, gets their drink order, and lets them know she’ll be back in a few minutes to get their food order.
“I mean he’s gone, Sam. And I-,” his eyes well up again. He rubs his fists into them and tries to stop the tears from falling, but he can’t.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says by way of greeting. His deep, gravelly voice hitting Dean in all the right spots.
“So, this guy, he the reason you’re stupid drunk in a strip club on a Friday night?”
He sits on the bed next to Cas, refusing to look at him. Neither of them say anything for what feels like forever.
“Maybe later,” Dean grumbles. “Y’all go ahead. Me and Cas are gonna explore the room for now,” he winks.
“That was really nice of him. He must have had quite the influence on your father,” Castiel says.
“Damn, Cas. This is-this is quite a collection,” Dean’s a little surprised at the number of DVDs in front of him. He’s always considered himself well versed in the movie world, but some of the movie titles he’s reading he’s never even heard of.
Dean looks up at the ceiling.
“Dean Winchester, everybody! Whose new album, Laps Around the Sun, hits stores January 9
“May I help you, sir?” The receptionist asks him.
Don’t hold anything back
“No, no,” Cas responds through gritted teeth, “I’m fine. Just give me a second to adjust.”
They stand there for a moment, breathing each other in between each kiss. Dean has his good hand still on Cas’ arm and he’s moved his right hand up to awkwardly cup Cas’ head.
He gets out of the shower and tries to dry himself off and get dressed with one hand. It’s nearly 2:30 in the morning, but he calls a cab to take him to the hospital.
“I said what’s this I’ve been hearing about a Grammy performance?” Sam repeats, crossing his arms over his chest.
“Yeah,” Dean says, voice still scratchy and deep from sleep. He clears his throat.
Dean laughs. He and Sam have known Bobby since they were kids. Bobby has always been the father figure that Dean turned to when his own father wasn’t there. John Winchester was an asshole and a drunk. In his defense, he wasn’t always like that. It wasn’t until Dean’s mother, Mary, passed away in a car accident when Dean was eleven that John turned to alcohol to cope. When John was drunk, he got angry. He would take his anger out on Dean. Dean would never let him take his anger out on Sam, so Dean was always the punching bag whenever John Winchester needed to hit someone. Thankfully, Bobby was there to offer guidance and acceptance when John wasn’t. It was Bobby that got Dean interested in music in the first place. Bobby convinced John to pack the boys up and move with him to Nashville nearly 15 years ago. He said it was to put Dean in the environment of music, to prepare him for the life, but Dean thinks it was more to keep him and Sam safe and still under Bobby’s watch when his job took him east.
“Pleasure is all mine, ma’am,” Dean responds with a wink as he shakes her hand.
“Good,” Cas says. “Well, let’s not spend the whole night in the foyer, come on in.
“Cas, please, only in the bedroom,” Dean half whispers out of the corner of his mouth.
“I’m sorry I didn’t call sooner. But, uh, we need to talk about what happened the other night,” Castiel responds.
“This last song isn’t on the album, but I’m pretty sure most of y’all know it anyway.”
“Meatballs, huh?” Dean laughs, “I’m a sucker for a good meatball.”
“So, uh-,” Dean hesitates, trying to find the right thing to say. He settles on, “why’d you wanna meet so urgently?”
Cas unbuckles the seatbelt and gets out of the car, Dean follows closely behind him.
Benny starts to stir, and Dean continues to panic. He begins pacing the room, searching for his clothes. He finds his jeans balled up on the ground, but his shirt is nowhere in sight.
“How about we meet for lunch tomorrow? I can explain everything.”
“You need to talk about it. You can’t just keep it bottled up,” Sam says.
“Cas, you can sleep here. We don’t have to do anything tonight if you wanna just go to bed,” Dean says back.
“Not anymore,” he says.
“Alright, boys, it’s showtime,” Crowley says as he stands and walks over to the door.
“Awesome, awesome. Alright, I’m gonna go see if the guys are ready. Almost that time!”
Dean sighs and tosses his bags onto the floor outside his laundry room as he heads upstairs. He’ll deal with all of it in the morning.
“Aces,” Dean responds.
Dean gets back to his house around 11. He doesn’t see Cas’ car, so he figures if Cas did stop by last night, he didn’t stay.
“Merry Christmas to you both,” Cas says, coming up behind Dean with two mugs in his hands. “Coffee?”
Dean’s a little drunk, so Cas insists that he drive, despite Dean’s multiple objections and claims that he’s sober as a judge. Cas tells him he wouldn’t let a judge in Dean’s condition anywhere near one of his cases which garners a pout and an ultimate sigh of resignation from the intoxicated singer.
“No worries. Was a long time ago, I was eleven.”
“So, I’m thinking that
“How is it?” Castiel asks, wearily.
“This makes me very happy,” Castiel says around a smile and a mouthful of pie and ice cream.
Michael glares at him.
Dean walks into the large, western styled farm home. It smells like Jody’s been baking all day, he closes his eyes and takes in the decadent scent.
“You thinking of doing what I think you are?”
Dean laughs as he falls back onto the bed.
“Hey, watch it. I am not old, okay? This one makes sure of that,” Dean says, rustling Alma Grace’s hair. She giggles and reaches for him to pick her up.
But I thought what the hell, why not?”
Cas convinces Dean to get on a plane, despite Dean’s countless objections, insisting that a road trip would be way more fun even if it would take longer.
It’s around 11 o’clock in the morning when Dean finally manages to drag himself out of bed. His head is pounding, and he feels like he’s going to be sick. He takes a few deep breaths, trying to remember what happened last night and the nausea passes.
Dean nods; he’s good with that. He’s been itching to get back on stage and play some of these new songs for everybody.
He doesn’t really care what Jess thinks on this particular subject, though. She has no idea the hell John put Dean through, so let her go on thinking Dean’s the shitty son. Hell, John already thinks that, might as well live up to it.
Once the sun has illuminated their front lawn, Dean heads back inside and puts on a pot of coffee. Cas walks out of their shared bedroom moments later.
“He went to go pick his parents up from the airport. He should be back soon, though.”
“Dead,” he holds the phone up, showing Benny the empty battery screen.
“We should clean up,” Castiel suggests.
“Well, he seems nice,” Lee says, breaking the tension.
“What’re you really doing here? Don’t you lie to me again,” Bobby warns.
“Would you like to watch something? I have movies and a DVR with a few things-“
Dean debates whether or not to go into this right now.
Lee cocks his head to the side and looks at him with a confused expression. Dean swallows hard and closes his eyes for a moment because the look reminds him of Cas.
“Alright then.”
They laugh as Dean goes around to sit in the chair across from her. His face falls a little as he remembers why he’s here, and Charlie notices almost immediately.
“Dean!” MC says in greeting, standing up to hug him.
The next month is rocky. Dean has unintentionally fallen into a routine with Sam who comes over once a day to make sure he’s still alive and that he’s eaten something, which usually, he hasn’t. He manages to pull himself together enough to make sure his band is able to rehearse the way they need to, but that’s about all the energy he has to give.
He leans over the counter and stares at himself in the mirror for a moment before turning on the sink and wetting a washcloth with warm water to wipe his face.
“Nah, I’m sure you won’t,” Luke says, clapping Dean on the back.
Dean laughs, “yeah…yeah he did. But whatever. I don’t care what he thinks.”
“Where’s Cas?” Sam asks, dipping his finger in the caramel glaze Dean had just set on the counter. Dean smacks his hand with a spatula before answering.
He pulls into the studio where the Highway records at about ten past 9. Fucking traffic. He runs into the studio and the receptionist directs him down the hallway and to the left, third door down. He looks through the window of the door and Mary Carlisle, Storme’s co-host, waves him inside.
“Nothing don’t worry about it. I, uh, I should probably get going anyway,” he says as he starts to turn towards the door.
“Thanks, Red,” Dean says as the little bell above the coffee shop door chimes. He looks over and sees Cas walk in, wearing a tan trench coat and a white button-down shirt with a blue tie that’s just a little bit crooked. “Here goes nothin’,” Dean says as he takes a deep breath, getting up from the table.
“Stop touching it, you’re going to mess it up,” Cas says, moving Dean’s hands out of the way so he can adjust it again.
“You don’t have anything to apologize for,” Cas says, still sounding a little hurt that Dean won’t tell him the truth.
“Sorry, what?” He asks, ripping his eyes away from Cas and taking a long sip to finish the fruity cocktail in his hand that Charlie insisted he try.
“Working. Album’s almost done. Just a few minor touches here and there and she’ll be perfect.”
Cas groans and reluctantly pulls himself out of bed to take a shower by himself.
“Damn, Cas. Where’d you learn to make sauce like that?”
“Hey, MC. Sorry I’m late. That damn Nashville traffic,” he says in his defense.
“He’s too busy for us common folk,” Charlie says.
“I, uh, I’m kinda freakin’ out a little bit, not gonna lie,” Dean says, rubbing a hand over the back of his neck. “What if I fuck this up, Bobby? What if I forget the words to one of the songs or if I trip or what if I-,”
“I’m-no, I’m not getting into it right now,” Dean says, refusing to look Sam in the eye.
“I’m really happy for you, Cas.”
“Have, uh,” Dean stutters. This is always a hard conversation to have with anyone and with Cas having never been with a man before, it may be something he’s never closely considered. “Have you, like recently, uh, you know…been tested?”
“Hey,” Dean laughs, “Never said I was in any condition to drive, either. Lemme get you a cab,” Dean says, smiling at the cute little pout Castiel probably doesn’t even realize has adorned his face.
“It’s okay,” he says again. “I’ve been a preacher for a long time. One of the most important lessons I’ve learned in all of my years as a man of God is that the bible is subject to interpretation. Sure, there are clearly written laws in the scripture, such as the commandments. But none of the commandments condemn homosexuality. And if we are going to quote the bible to say, ‘love thy neighbor as thyself’, then how can we, in the same breath, condemn some of our neighbors? I don’t mean to start preaching to you boys but…what I’m trying to say is that your mother and I love you for you, no matter who you choose to love.”
“He sounded off on the phone. I don’t know, Red, it just didn’t sound like he wants to meet for a coffee date. I feel like I did when Cassie texted me asking me to meet her for lunch and she ended up breaking up with me
“Woah, hey, Benny what the fuck,” Dean says attempting to grab the beer before he pours it out. “That was my last one, man, what the hell?”
“What is it?”
Then Dean breaks down. Cas wraps his arms around Dean and allows him to cry into his shoulder.
“Bart,” Dean smiles.
“Where are you going? Sam asks.
“Dean, you fly all the time. What’s the big deal?” Sam says.
“Oh my god, Dean! This is so great! See? You were all worked up over nothing.”
“Isn’t this a fast food place?” Cas asks, confused by Dean’s choice.
“I was kinda thinkin’ mine,” Dean proposes.
Dean still doesn’t say anything. He just sips his beer and stares at the television above the bar.
The text is opened as soon as it’s sent, and Cas responds with an eggplant emoji and the water droplets emoji, to which Dean responds with two peach emojis and a lotion bottle emoji. Who knew there was a fucking lotion bottle emoji! He laughs to himself and locks his phone.
“Dean,” Sam says again. Dean still doesn’t answer. “You know, you’re not the only one who lost someone. Jack and I lost him too and I lost Ei-,” he stops, on the verge of tears himself. He doesn’t say anything else, shutting the door on his way out.
Sam walks up a few moments later and just stands in the doorway of his bedroom.
The rest of the lunch goes just about as well as the beginning of it. Sam talks about work and about Jess and Dean continues to nod silently, never looking up from the table in front of him. Sam occasionally asks Dean a question, to which Dean typically responds with a one-shouldered shrug.
He takes a big swig of it and clenches his teeth, reminded of the blooming bruise on his jaw. He heads upstairs to his bathroom to tend to his injury.
“Well, it’s 11:30 so it is brunch,” Cas says.
game of pool, taking yet another $100 from the Brit.
Dean walks back over to the table with Cas in tow.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas says, gratefully.
“Oh my god,” Cas laughs, burying his face in his free hand.
“Yes, I’m sure. I just have no idea how they’re going to react.”
good to see your face, Dean.”
“I-uh, ‘m sorry. Just not really ready for that yet.”
“Shit,” he says, looking down at it. He wiggles his fingers and he’s met with a searing pain that shoots through his wrist. “Fuck!”
Cas laughs.
He locks his phone and heads upstairs to bed. He’s had one hell of a day, and it’s only gonna get busier from here.
“Does that ever stop being weird?” Cas asks Sam.
The man rolls over and rubs at his eyes. Once he realizes there’s a third man in the room, he stiffens and sits up to cover himself with the comforter.
Dean opens it to find Cas in a dark blue button down and medium wash jeans. He looks Cas over and bites his lip.
Dean’s interrupted by Castiel’s lips smashing into his. It takes him a second to realize what’s happening as Castiel brings him inside and presses him up against the now closed apartment door.
“Condoms,” Castiel breathes out, “drawer, ‘ver there.”
“Yes ma’am,” he says, a little out of breath, “I’m looking for John Winchester’s room.”
Dean turns to his band and motions for them to check their phones for the notes. He’s never even practiced this song with them, but he doesn’t care. He’s a little drunk and he’s hurting, so things couldn’t possibly get any worse.
“I woke you up at 7, babe. I’ve been with Bobby all morning, I just got back.”
Sam, on the other hand, isn’t. Dean always shielded Sam from the worst of their father. Sure, Sam knew John would get drunk a lot and that he’d get angry, but some of the shit John did, let’s just say Sam wouldn’t be outside his hospital room worried sick if he knew.
Dean smiles and ruffles Sam’s hair. He grabs his keys off the floor where he threw them when he entered the apartment and heads out.
“I didn’t mean to force you into doing that. So soon, I mean. There are other ways to...,” he trails off.
“We all got your back, Deano,” Ash says.
“Dean’s new boy toy,” Charlie says.
“Well I’ll be damned,” Jody says as she comes down the large staircase in the center of the foyer, “the man my husband hasn’t been able to stop talking about for months! If I didn’t know any better, I’d be jealous!” Jody laughs, “How are you, Dean?”
excited?” Sam asks.
“I told you my mom died when I was eleven and how my old man just kind of fell apart,” Dean says, not so much asking as much as reminding Cas. “Fell apart is sort of an understatement. He, uh, he pretty much lost everything after he lost her. We bounced around a lot that year to different apartments in Lawrence because my dad couldn’t keep a job. Before Bobby moved us here, I mean. He just, uh, he started drinking and he, he never really stopped.”
“No…,” Dean discovers, a hint of worry spreading across his face.
Dean rolls his eyes, but he gets out anyway. He’s really not in the mood for this, but he knows Benny’s only trying to help, so he tries to have a good time.
Benny leads Dean up the stairs. Climbing these 12 steps feels like climbing Mount Everest. Maybe Dean’s a lot more drunk than he initially thought. After all, he had been drinking all afternoon as well. He decides it’s probably a good thing he chose to stay.
“Still with me, boy?” Bobby says, snapping his fingers in his face.
“No, fuck no, m’dad woulda lost his shit if he caught us like that,” Dean laughs. “He’s still-that’s a story for ‘nother day. No, the paparazzi caught us. ‘m kinda famous, so they follow me around sometimes.”
Dean loses it. He lunges at John, punching him in the jaw with so much force that it sends John to the ground.
“Cas,” Dean says, “what’d ya think?”
Sam stops by a couple days later and convinces Dean to go out to some sushi bar with him and a few of his lawyer friends. Apparently, this place is famous for their ‘sushi burrito’. Dean’s all for a mean burrito, but raw fish of any kind is a no go. The idea of cold, raw fish rolled into a giant burrito wrapped in seaweed is absolutely appalling to Dean, but he goes because he knows if he doesn’t, his brother won’t leave him alone about it.
Let's just drive until it's faded
“‘What do you mean?’ What do you mean what do I mean, what the hell do you think I mean?” Dean says to himself. Then he remembers Charlie suggesting Cas didn’t notice him leaning over to kiss him. Maybe he really doesn’t know what he means and maybe Dean shouldn’t even bother with it. But what if Cas is playing dumb. What if Cas knows exactly what Dean means and he’s just putting Dean through the ringer for the fucking hell of it.
“Yeah, well, uh, turns out he was just kinda freaked. Said he’d never been with a guy before and he had to try and wrap his head around it first.”
After everyone finishes their dinner and birthday cake, they all head home. Dean and Cas sit on the living room couch together watching a movie, Alma Grace asleep on Dean’s chest. Dean watches her back slowly rise and fall as she breathes, running his fingers through her hair.
“I’m good-I, I’m good, Cas. Keep-keep going.”
“Mmm,” Cas hums, his eyes still closed.
“That was good ‘ole throwback to 2004 with Live Like You Were Dying. Now, I hope y’all are as excited as I am for tomorrow morning. Tune into the morning show with Storme Warren if you want to hear a live interview with Dean Winchester on the news of his new album! Dean will be discussing some of the tracks and their inspiration, and we might even get a little sneak peek! So, if you’re as fired up for this new album hitting stores January 9th as we are, then you don’t want to miss this interview!”
“Claire and Kaia will be here soon,” Cas says. “Why don’t we head into the den and put on a movie for the kids?”
“Yes, I saw you lean over,” Cas continues, “but I didn’t just ignore you for the sake of ignoring you, Dean.”
What the fuck? Dean immediately dials Sam’s number and he picks up on the first ring.
“It’s Christmas, boy! I can’t see m’kids on Christmas?”
He opens the door five minutes later, turning to walk back to his bed as Benny follows behind him.
“Anyway, uh, y’all didn’t invite us here for me to kill the mood with a sob story,” Dean breaks the silence.
“Already done,” Bobby cuts him off. “You’re in no position to be performing right now. I don’t care if the album sales go down the crapper, your health and overall well-being comes first.”
“Oh no? Anything I can do to ensure that it does?” Cas teases.
“Are we eating out here? It’s a little cold,” Cas says.
Dean quickly pulls his phone out of his pocket to call Cas, who picks up on the second ring.
“Uh, no. No, you’re not wrong,” Dean says, “I do that sometimes. Shit happens and then…,” Dean trails off. He doesn’t even know if Cas liked it. “I write,” Dean finishes.
“I love you,” he says.
All of the guys have eventually made their way over towards the stage to throw some ones at the performers while Dean stays back at their table. He’s about four whiskeys in when a tall woman in hot pink stilettos stops in front of him and smiles.
“Penny for your thoughts?” Bobby says as he puts a hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“Yeah? How’d I sound?” Dean asks, trying to mask the panic settling into the pit of his stomach.
He considers spreading out on the living room couch to watch some reruns of his favorite medical drama, but he decides against it. He has to be up relatively early tomorrow for the interview on the Highway, so he cuts the lights off and heads upstairs to sleep.
“I remember but I thought I dreamt it,” Dean says, letting his face fall into his hands. “Fuck.”
Dean turns his head and looks Castiel in the eye. He doesn’t know what’s going on right now. Castiel looks sincere, but he barely knows him. How would he know what sincerity looks like on his face? Maybe this is pity. Castiel pities Dean because Dean misunderstood the situation and now-
Sam doesn’t say anything about it though. He follows Dean down the stairs, noticing the bags sitting outside the laundry room that Dean still hasn’t unpacked from the tour.
“You sure about that?” Dean chuckles.
Once the steaks are done, Cas helps Dean bring the rest of the food outside and they sit down to eat.
“Okay, Cas. I understand that.”
“Dean!” Sam’s voice snaps him out of his daze.
Dean swallows, not saying anything else.
“That’s good, I guess. You, Benny, Crowley, and Ash got any gigs coming up?”
“It’s okay, Dean. I understand,” she says as she gets up off his lap. She helps him up and they walk towards the door.
Dean rolls his eyes as he smirks at Cas’ wild theory.
“You’re staying the night at his house, leaving clothes over there, he gave you a big fuckin’ kiss on the cheek when he got to the party, Dean, I-,”
Cas still looks concerned. He obviously doesn’t believe Dean, but he can read the expression on Dean’s face that’s begging him to drop it, so he does.
After staring at it for a while without really adding anything other than erasing and re-writing words, he sets it down and rubs at his face. Writer’s block is a real bitch.
That little ringing buzzing good-for-nothin' phone in your hands
“Dean, I’m gonna-, I’m, I’m so close,” Castiel says, practically whimpering.
“Alright, alright, enough of that. I’m gonna go grab another beer,” Benny winks as Luke Bryan and a pretty blonde woman walk up to them.
“Who’s the one with experience in this department, Cas?” Dean challenges back, “you may know where to aim to please a woman, but I know what I’m aiming for to please a man, too, and trust me, I’m hittin’ home-runs every damn time.”
Adam smiles at him and then at Sam. And then he and Michael are gone.
“I’ll send ya the address.”
Dean breaks away from Cas’ lips as he reaches down and squeezes some of the lube out onto his fingers. He rubs it around Cas’ hole, and Cas startles at the cold touch, despite Dean’s attempt at warming it up.
He gets back in the car. After asking the driver to take him home, he doesn’t say another word.
They play a few songs off of the album and then Dean pauses before the next song and speaks into the mic.
Dean feels like he’s been sitting on the floor of the dungeon for days. He glances down at his phone on the floor between his knees; it’s only been barely an hour. He has four missed calls from Sam, but he can’t find the energy to pick up the phone and call him back.
After fifteen minutes of Dean going over the thousands of reasons why he thought they were, in fact, not ready to be parents, Claire informed him that this little girl was brought to Jody by a young woman who decided she wasn’t cut out to be a mom. Jody brought her home and they all agreed that putting her in the system would be cruel and that the best thing for her would be to go to a good home. When Alex suggested Dean and Cas, Jody got on the phone with Sam that night to make sure they’d be willing. “Merry Christmas, old man,” Claire said to him before putting the baby in his arms. “Don’t say I never did anything for ya.”
The next morning, Dean comes out of his bedroom and heads straight for the kitchen.
The Roadhouse is only a few blocks from the studio, so the guys decided to just walk. None of them planned on being sober enough to drive home anyway, so leaving their cars in the garage at the studio sounded like a better idea than leaving them in the open parking lot of the bar. They walked in at about a quarter to 10 and were greeted with loud music and even louder voices.
His knuckles are bruised and bloody. He walks into his bathroom to run his hands under the faucet.
“You’re not gonna fuck it up, boy,” Bobby cuts him off. “You’re a natural born performer. You’ve been performing in front of people since you were in diapers. You know those songs like the back of your hand, you’ve rehearsed them countless times. I’m sure you could probably sing them in your sleep at this point.”
“No, no, no, no, no, Cas. I do
Cas slides his hand up and down Dean’s shaft, thumbing over his slit every so often sending waves of electricity through Dean’s entire body.
They all head downstairs and Benny starts cooking while Sam and Dean sit in the living room.
“It’s getting a little late, Cas, I should probably get going,” Dean interrupts.
He remembers sitting down next to a handsome stranger and drinking with him. Drinking a
“Happy birthday,” Cas says back, kissing him again. “Come on, let’s get cleaned up before this dries.”
“This is your car?” Cas asks as he walks up to the open window.
“Okay, so, I took Cas to lunch with me, right? We went to Cain’s, talked a lot and whatever, the lunch went well. I bring him back to his office and lean in to kiss him goodbye and he turns away and rushes out of my car. No explanation, nothing. What does that-like, why would-” Dean trails off, looking at both of them, hoping they’ll get what he’s trying to ask.
“He, uh,” Dean starts. “He said that the one thing he wanted, he couldn’t have. But that he didn’t need to have it, just feeling it, just saying it was enough,” tears start forming in the corners of his eyes again. “That’s uh, that’s when he told me that he loved me.”
“You’re drunk too. S’fine, m’fine,” Castiel pants as he presses his lips to Dean’s again.
“Yes, what’s going on? What happened? Why’s dad in the ICU?”
“Surprise,” Cas says when he gets close enough for Dean to hear him.
“I mean, dude’s been staying with me since Christmas, right? He’s maybe gone home
“Yeah, yeah, go on, ya idjit.” Bobby responds.
Dean purposely doesn’t correct him. He’s openly bisexual, one of the only queer artists in Country music, but it’s not a huge deal. Making it a point to correct Ed could spark a number of conversations that Dean just isn’t really in the mood to have right now. So, instead, he thanks him for the compliment and just sort of nods along to the conversation the rest of the night, posing for a few pictures and signing a few autographs from fans before he and Sam head out.
“Let’s just go back out there, finish the show and then we’ll go out and have a good time and help you forget all about him. Sound good?” Benny says as he takes the beer out of Dean’s hand.
Dean can tell his name rings a bell in her head by the way her expression changes. However, she doesn’t ask for an autograph or freak out or anything, which Dean appreciates.
Benny walks right over to Dean, grabbing his face in his hands and planting a big, sloppy kiss on Dean’s cheek.
“So, then how’d it happen?” Cas says, obviously not satisfied with Dean’s initial answer.
“I dunno, uh, Cas might be at my house,” Dean says.
“Excuse me, ma’am,” Dean says, turning on his charm.
“I’ve always wondered where I went wrong with you,” John says. “Never did grow a pair. Never learned how to be a real man. It’s no wonder you turned out to be a fag.”
Dean laughs too and says, “look man, I’m not usually one to judge, but pineapple on pizza? I mean that’s just not right! That’s, like, devil shit. An abomination. A disgrace to all pizza connoisseurs ever, it’s-,”
A few minutes later, Sam walks up to Dean.
Dean throws on is favorite boots and heads out the door. He gets to Cas’ building just before 5 and Cas buzzes him up.
When they reach the old, abandoned barn, Sam begins setting up the spell. In an instant, Michael is standing before them.
Dean remembers the coffee Cas made for him and he walks back into the kitchen. He takes a big swig of it and then immediately turns to spit it in the sink. It’s ice cold. Fucking perfect.
“I hope so. See, my dad is over there in one of the ICU rooms and, well, no one’s really telling us anything. They won’t let us in the room and I’m just trying to figure out what’s going on,” Dean spins, throwing a little extra twang in his speech for good measure.
“Faster, Cas,” Dean moans.
Cas smiles down at his feet and rubs his hand over the back of his neck before looking back up at Dean.
As soon as they walk in, Dean is startled by a loud “SURPRISE!”
Cas’ face hardens as he looks around to make sure no one heard what Dean just said.
Nothing.
Dean laughs and makes his way into Benny’s kitchen.
Cas sits down at the kitchen table and opens up the newspaper that Dean brought inside. He pulls out the comic section of the paper and lays it down across from him at the other end of the table.
Dean stands up and kisses him while everyone else shouts ‘happy birthday’.
“I’m not going home. Come on, we’re gonna go get lunch,” Sam says back.
“How did this happen? Who took these? I didn’t see anyone who shouldn’t have been there, did you? Was it one of the waiters? Oh my god this can’t be happening,” Cas is shaking as thousands of thoughts run through his head.
“Dude, it’s barely 10 o’clock,” Dean says, “live a little for fuck’s sake.”
Lee lets himself fall down onto the bed with Dean standing over him as he fumbles with the buckle on his jeans. The cast and alcohol combo really isn’t doing him any favors.
“Let’s get you upstairs, come on.”
When he gets in the impala, he texts Cas back,
“She said she had to process it, which is why she didn’t reach out when she first saw the news. But then she said she just wants me to be happy, she doesn’t care who it’s with,” Cas says, smiling at Dean who’s smiling right back.
Claire laughs as she plops herself down on the couch, reaching out for Kaia’s hand to pull her down with her.
“That was fuckin’ incredible!” Benny screams.
Dean doesn’t answer. He just walks to his room and shuts the door.
“Don’t need ‘em, just you. C’mere ‘n listen to this.” Bobby responds.
“I’ve told Dean he is not allowed in the kitchen for the rest of the day,” Cas says.
Castiel finishes cooking and goes to pull a chair out for Dean to sit. Dean laughs and jokes about how it’s one of those corny things guys do in movies, but Castiel insists on it, so Dean lets him. Then Cas goes into the kitchen and comes back with two small plates of salad. He grabs the bottle of wine Dean bought off the counter and looks at the label.
“What, you mean gay affection?” Dean says, not taking his eyes off the tv.
“Dean,” Cas says, sternly.
So, I know your favorite beer
Dean laughs and runs his hand through his hair. He walks back into Cas’ room and pulls out a pair of sweatpants he finds in a drawer. He brings another pair out and throws them at Cas.
He runs his hand through his hair and makes his way back over to the table. He’s unsteady on his feet, leaning on chairs as he walks. He pulls his wallet out, throws some cash down onto the table and moves towards the door.
“I’m fine,” Dean assures him, “I called you, didn’t I?
“Wow, man, the stories I’ve heard about you,” Benny says as he reaches a hand out to Lee before remembering what he walked in on and quickly retracting it.
“Please don’t touch me,” Cas says, punching the code to his building into the keypad. “I can’t do this right now.”
He gets to John’s room a few minutes later and he’s met with Sam sitting outside the room.
Cas isn’t taking no for an answer and as much as his assertiveness is turning Dean on, he’s really not keen on the idea of bottoming.
“I’m sorry,” Dean laughs, “I mean, c’mon. It was right there, I just...” he trails off, noticing that Cas isn’t taking it as lightly as he is. The smile fades from his face.
“It’s not, it’s just as fucking terrifying as all the other times. But this time-,” Dean cuts himself off as Benny and Andrea walk up to them. “Hey, Ben. ‘Bout damn time!” He says, changing the subject.
“You okay, Cas? I can pull out if you-,”
Cas’ face falls a little.
“Dean, I have to wear a suit,” Cas says.
Dean laughs and pulls Castiel off of him, bringing his hands up to cup his face.
Dean looks up at his little brother.
Dean offers Cas a fake smile and a nod. He’s so not giving Sam Cas’ number so that they can end up all buddy-buddy. Absolutely not.
“Ha, yeah maybe,” Dean says. “It’s been a pleasure guys.”
14 hours. That’s how long Dean and his band were in the studio today recording and preparing for their new album, Laps Around the Sun. They finished the last track on the album around when the clock hit 9:30. Bobby Singer, their manager, decided it was time to call it quits for the night and send everyone home. Dean’s guitarist, Crowley MacLeod, suggested they all head over to the Roadhouse for some burgers and a few rounds before the night ends. That sounded like a pretty damn good idea to Dean, considering he hadn’t eaten in probably 12 hours.
“You okay?” Cas asks him.
Dean gets back to his hotel room and immediately heads for the mini bottles. He makes himself a drink and sits down on his bed, closing his eyes as he downs it in one gulp.
Dean and Cas break away from the crowd towards the end of the bar. Once they’re seated, Cas leans in so Dean can hear him over the loud music.
“Dean,” Cas says, slightly annoyed.
!” Storme presses an applause button and introduces the next song, clicking the ‘record’ button off.
Dean grins against Cas’ mouth and continues kissing him, hard. Cas reluctantly pulls away so he can focus on finishing Dean off.
“Merry Christmas, Dean,” she says as she offers him a side hug, looking less than ecstatic to be here.
“Damn, dude. That’s rough. When’s he supposed to be here?”
Cas leaves Dean standing there outside of his building. He doesn’t know how long he’d been standing there staring at his reflection in the door before the driver honks the horn, snapping him back to reality.
Cas gets back to the house with his parents around 12:45. They both give Dean big hugs while commenting on how amazing it smells. The entire day is filled with love and laughter and damn good company. After they’re all filled up on the Thanksgiving feast, Dean brings out pie.
Cas kisses him back, tasting the whiskey on Dean’s breath.
“Maybe, but did you really want to stand there and explain to her that we’re,” Cas lowers his voice to a barely audible whisper, “sleeping together?”
“You wanna watch a movie together downstairs or something? I bet the cinema channels have a lot of the newer movies on there that we can rent,” Sam tries.
“I missed you too,” Cas says, pulling her into a floury hug. “How are you two doing? Staying safe?”
“Your family not coming here?” Dean asks.
“Mmm,” Lee says, and then he pulls away to meet Dean’s eyes. “Are you sure? I couldn’t help but notice you’re not exactly, uh, clear headed at the moment.
Dean nods and rubs his face.
“I know this is going to be really difficult to hear, but…,” he looks at Dean who nods and squeezes his knee. “Dean isn’t just my friend, he’s my boyfriend…I’m gay.”
“Number one on the charts, Dean,” Bobby says, trying to hide his smile.
“Hang on, Cas. We’re gonna figure this out,” Dean says, reaching for Cas’ hand. Cas pulls it away and bends over to collect his bags from the floor of the car.
“Nothing. I’m just…nothing,” Cas smiles as he takes a sip of his wine. “This is really good. What was it called again?”
“Bareback it is then,” Cas responds, proceeding to unbuckle Dean’s pants.
They stand there breathless and panting while the water washes away all the evidence.
Benny makes a poor attempt to look around the room for it.
“I will never get tired of that,” Cas says as he wipes himself off with a warm washcloth.
Before Dean can respond, Cas pulls away and grabs his trench coat off the coat hanger by the door. He opens the door to leave but turns to Dean before walking out.
Within minutes, they’re both sound asleep.
“Christmas with the Winchesters,” Dean says. “Merry fucking Christmas, y’all.”
As they’re walking back to the viewing area, they’re met halfway by their guests.
Castiel laughs and apologizes. He ultimately decides to stay the night and they both head upstairs.
Dean laughs and walks over to take the movie out and put it back on the shelf while Cas gets a couple of bowls out of the cabinet.
“I do, I like being able to bring bad guys to justice,” Cas says, proudly.
“You feel like coming over?”
“Wait, what?” Sam and Dean say in unison.
“Mm, sorry,” Dean mumbles, blinking several times to try and wake himself back up.
“Lee, huh?” Benny says as soon as Dean shuts the door.
Cas laughs again and tells Dean he’ll work on it.
“I’m sorry, I just want us both to be safe,” Dean says, sympathetically.
Castiel cuts the pie and puts two pieces on plates and brings them to the table.
“Shit, sorry Cas, I didn’t realize. Look, I just got your texts, I wasn’t ignoring you. My, uh, my dad was in an accident. I’ve been at the hospital all day with Sam,” Dean says to his defense.
Dean’s slightly taken aback by the way Cas’ demeanor changed when she asked who he was. He’s not sure who he was going to introduce Cas to her as because he’s not sure what they are yet, but the way Cas cut in to say ‘friend’ has Dean slightly offended. He’s pretty sure they’re past the friendship stage by now.
“I know usually by the time we get to the bedroom, we, uh-,” Cas starts.
“What the hell happened last night after you left the strip club?” Benny asks him, a look of concern spreading across his face.
“Adam is gone. What do you need me to do?” he says again.
“Hm,” Dean gets up and walks over to the unfamiliar patron.
Sam doesn’t say anything, he just waits for him to continue.
“It smells great in here, Dean,” Jess says, closing her eyes and breathing it in.
“About 11,” Dean says.
“Right! Sorry, this is Cas. He’s my-,” Dean starts to introduce him before Cas cuts him off.
Without skipping a beat, one more stroke sends streaks across Dean’s chest.
“Nope, but I did expect it to buy us a little time,” Dean says. He looks over Chuck’s shoulder at Michael and Jack, hands joined together, the both of them glowing white, hot light.
**TW / Homophobia and Abuse when John and Dean get into it in Sam's apartment.
“It worked,” Michael says. There’s a shift in his expression. “Thank you.”
“I know, Cas. I promise my lips are sealed from here on out, until you’re ready.”
Heated, Cas looks Dean’s bare chest up and down before lunging forward and crashing their lips together. The force knocks Dean back a step, but he doesn’t break away from Cas.
Dean follows Sam up to a restaurant called Tazza. It just recently opened, so Dean’s never been to it before and he doesn’t really know what to expect. He’s just hoping it’s not another goddamn sushi bar. He cannot handle another monstrosity like the sushi burrito.
“Always want you to stay,” Dean says, still not looking up from Cas’ chest.
Dean flops onto one of the beds the second they walk in the room. They’re sharing with Sam and Jess. Benny and Andrea are sharing with Crowley, and Ash and his wife, Lydia are sharing with Bobby and Jody.
“I’m John Winchester,” he says with a sloppy grin, reaching a hand out to Cas.
“No condom,” Dean confirms with a smirk as Cas grins and climbs back on top of him.
“Sure, Cas. What do you wanna know?”
Dean furrows his brow and reads it out loud.
“My answer is yes, but only if yours is too,” Dean says.
“Thank you, Dean. You look nice, too.”
“Oh, nothing. No, Dean, I’m happy for you, really.”
Dean works on his jaw until he’s convinced the bruise was never even there. Damn, who knew he was so good at applying and blending makeup.
“Fuck,” he says, sighing again.
Fuck. Dean runs his hand over his face again. Cas thinks he’s mad at him. He dials Cas’ number and he picks up on the third ring.
“I’m not a big wine drinker, so, uh, I wasn’t really sure what to get. Lady at the liquor store said this would be good with almost anything,” Dean says, hoping he didn’t screw up the drink of the evening.
Castiel looks at Dean sympathetically. Of course he wouldn’t want to talk about this. Castiel feels guilty for bringing up the topic of his own mother.
“I like that idea,” Crowley agrees. “Everybody does medleys. It’s so…overused.”
Dean laughs, “I’m just being a pain in the ass.”
“Nah, we’re headed to bed too. Goodnight y’all,” Dean says.
The spaghetti is amazing. The sauce was great on its own but paired with the pasta and cheese Castiel grated on top is like heaven in Dean’s mouth.
“What? People applauding when Dean walks into a room? No, no that never stops being weird,” Sam laughs. “But, then again, I’m his brother. I know things about him that no one else knows which make it impossible for me to see him the way other people do.”
I don't think you know what you're doing to me
Dean gets back to his house around 3 o’clock in the morning. Stumbling into his room, he drops his clothes to the floor as he grabs the bottle of lube he keeps in the dresser by his bed. He closes his eyes and pretends Cas is the one getting him off. When he’s done, he reluctantly opens his eyes to see what he already knows, that Cas isn’t there. He cleans himself up and goes to sleep.
“I’d just like to make a quick toast before we eat, if I could?” Cas says with a glass in his hand. The room goes quiet while they wait for Cas to start. “Dean, knowing you has turned my world completely upside down in the best possible way. We’ve been through much together, you and I. But I wouldn’t want to do this with anyone other than you. Thank you for being the light at the end of the tunnel. I love you, happy birthday.”
“I know you are. I'm sorry,” he says as he kisses Cas’ forehead. “C’mon, you wanna go out and explore?”
“Yes, yes, of course I’ll help you pick!” Cas says. He sits back in his booth, taking in the news. “I’m really proud of you, Dean.”
“What’d I miss?” Dean asks, instinctively going to put his arm around Cas’ shoulders before remembering they’re in public and reaching up to rub the back of his neck instead.
“Lay it on me,” Cas says.
He smiles at her and squeezes her arm. He and Charlie may joke around with each other a lot, but he knows she’s always got his back and she knows he’s always got hers.
“Hi Kaia,” she says before shyly burying her face in Claire’s neck.
Dean doesn’t answer.
“Mr. Novak, as per your request, this email contains your test results. We tested over blah, blah, blah, your HIV test came back negative. If you have any questions please call us at…,” Dean trails off. He smiles as a wave of relief washes over him.
He puts Cas down on the bed and grabs at the neckline of his shirt, pulling it over his head. He begins to unbuckle his pants, but Cas moves his hands out of the way and does it for him. Their lips meet again, and Dean manages to wiggle out of his jeans without actually touching them.
“Neither had I,” Cas says back. “We’ll take it as slow as you want. I’ll go easy on you,” he says with a wink.
“Alright now that the congratulations are over, we’re looking at doing a few benefit concerts and award shows before the big tour starts in August. Bart thinks that keeping people in suspense for 8 months ain’t gonna bode well for sales,” Bobby says.
“She’s beautiful, Dean,” he says in awe.
“I’ll tell you what, you handle the bird and leave the sides and dessert to me,” Dean says, pulling a bag of apples and a few eggs out of the fridge.
The waitress comes back five minutes later and sets a large plate down in front of him. A burger the size of Dean’s head sits in the center of the plate, accompanied by two strips of bacon, two sausage links, a pile of hash browns and an egg. Holy shit this is a lot of food, but Dean’s starving and he knows the burger will make his headache go away, so he digs in.
“Rough morning?” The cab driver asks.
After a moment, Dean has a steady rhythm going of pulling out and slamming back into Cas and the look on Cas’ face is actually euphoric. He begins stroking Cas’ cock to the same rhythm and Cas’ moans, loud.
“Thank you, Dean, so do you,” Cas says as he steps aside, allowing Dean to come in.
“Morning,” Dean mouths to Bobby, who acknowledges him with a nod and a finger telling him to hang on a minute.
this entire time, and that was just to get clothes and shit,” Dean says, pretty much just thinking out loud at this point.
would make a pretty good medley. And, Dean, I know you said you didn’t really wanna do a medley, but why don’t we rework it and see what you think?” Ash suggests.
“There's a number on a phone that one of us erased
“Gee, thanks Sam,” Dean says to himself.
“Oh no, no I
is the only reason they’re late.
“Half an hou-,” Dean starts to ask as the line goes dead. He pulls the phone away from his ear, “see you in half an hour, Cas,” he says to no one.
“Thank you, Cas,” Jess says, sweetly.
“Maybe next time,” Lee winks. He strokes himself a few more times until he comes between their chests.
“Uh, yeah, I mean it, uh,” Dean stutters, struggling to word his answer in a way that won’t make him sound like a love drunk idiot over some guy he just met and hasn’t heard from since. “I, uh, I’m not in a relationship, let’s start there.”
“Look, Cas, I’m sorry. I thought you were into it, I read the situation wrong. Won’t happen again,” Dean interrupts, turning to face the window.
“In reference to what?”
Castiel leaves and Dean makes his way back over to Charlie’s table in the back.
“I-wow. Dean, this place is beautiful,” Cas finally says.
“Dean actually, before we get into that, I just wanna say something,” Cas says.
“What? It’s just a cardigan, Dean. It’s perfect brunch attire,” Cas retorts.
He reluctantly sits up in his bed and rubs his good fist into his eyes before looking up at Sam.
The bathroom door opens and Cas comes up behind him.
“I heard you on the radio earlier today,” he says.
“Who are you talking to? Of course I do. Those two foods have more than one function,” Cas teases.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean starts, “I, uh, I missed you last night.”
Everyone at the table is silent for a moment before Sam finally speaks up.
“Thanks man,” Dean smiles back. “Oh hey, I’m really looking forward to the Cancun shows this summer.”
“Why didn’t he tell us about this?” Sam says, looking over at Jack.
“I said nothing. I have some case notes to go over and then I have to head into my office for a bit. I really have to go,” Cas answers back.
“Yeah, well, I’m the reason ya got most of ‘em so I got it. Don’t worry ‘bout it.”
“Pleasure,” she says, reaching out a hand.
“If you overreacted, then go over there and fix it.”
“It’s a client I’m defending on a faulty drug charge. Nothing major, but ya gotta start somewhere, right?” Sam says, bashfully.
Dean smiles down at him. It’s a sloppy, drunken smile, but it’s genuine.
“Brunch,” Dean scoffs, “I hate that word.”
“Yep,” Cas says, refusing to look at Dean as he shrugs out from under his arm. He gets up from the bar and walks towards the door.
“Dean let it go, please. Just ignore him,” Sam pleads.
“You know, I got your message,” Cas says.
He gets off the bed and starts to undress. He needs to go to sleep before he does something even more stupid than trying to call Cas.
“I know,” Cas says. He’s silent for a moment before he says, “When you told me about your dad, I had no idea…I didn’t realize it was this bad.”
“What?” Dean says, bashfully.
That’s all the text says.
“I’m not going anywhere,” Cas promises.
Dean obliges and Cas flips through the channels, landing on Dr. Sexy. He sets the remote down and eats a spoonful of ice cream.
He pulls his phone out of his pocket and sees a new text from Cas.
“One and only,” Dean says looking down at his beer that he’s twirling around in his hand.
Dean pulls away from Cas’ lips and throws his head back under the water.
The nurse doesn’t seem to be buying it, though. She stares at him for a moment and then looks at her computer screen.
“Guys, careful!” Sam shouts after them.
The woman pauses for a moment as she pulls John’s file. She furrows her brow and then looks up at Dean.
“How’s my favorite old guy?” Claire retorts.
John turns towards Dean, raising his fist and connecting it with Dean’s cheek in the process.
Cas obeys and thrusts a few more times until he releases inside of Dean.
“I’m good, Dean. Happy birthday,” she says, pulling him in for a hug.
Cas looks down and wraps his hand around Dean’s cast.
“I don’t even know what to say right now. This means more to me than either of you will ever know,” Cas says, his eyes red and puffy from the tears.
“Yeah, I do, ‘cause damn,” Dean says, grinning.
A combined look of shock and excitement quickly replaces the annoyed look previously occupying Cas’ face.
“You heard about that, huh?” He says, failing in his attempt to hide the smile creeping up at the corners of his mouth.
The curtain closes and Benny, Crowley, and Ash all crash into him in a giant, awkward hug.
“He what?” Sam says, sitting up in his seat.
“You think I haven’t tried talking to him, Sam? I’ve texted him, I’ve called him, I’ve shown up at his fucking apartment. He won’t talk to me. There’s nothing I can do.”
Cas puts a finger under Dean’s chin, forcing him to look up at him.
“Nothing,” Cas says. “Just admiring you.”
“Am I-
The rest of the interview is mainly about the album and any tidbits they can manage to squeeze out of Dean. He’s having a blast, as usual, laughing with them until his sides hurt. As the segment nears its end, though, Storme takes a detour and catches Dean completely off guard with questions about his personal life.
“Can I put something together in the studio and see what you think, at least?”
“I, uh,” he sighs and gives in, “I wanted to know if Jody made any of her famous apple pies today. Got a date tonight and I wanna bring one,” Dean admits.
“What deal? What the hell are you two talking about?” Sam asks.
“Fair enough,” Dean laughs, “you been in Nashville long?”
Dean wraps his fist around Lee’s erection and tries to stroke him to the same rhythm, which proves to be exceedingly difficult with his non-dominant hand. Lee grips Dean’s shoulder hard, digging his nails into his skin. He knows there’ll be marks there tomorrow, but right now, he can’t find it in him to care.
“Hey! What about me?” Alma Grace asks.
Dean pushes inside Cas and Cas arches his back up in response to the stretching heat now occupying his backside. He squeezes his eyes shut and purses his lips.
January 24th, 2027.
“Dean, I told you I wasn’t ready to tell people,” Cas says.
…,” Dean trails off, glancing down at his feet again.
“Not hungry.”
“What?” Dean says when he notices Cas’ eyes are glued to him.
Dean walks back out into the kitchen and looks for a coffee maker. All he finds, though, is one of those hippie dippie single cup brewers. He rolls his eyes and tries to figure out how to make himself a cup.
Here goes nothing.
“Rise and shine, Deano!” Benny yells as he walks straight over to open up the curtains.
**Spoiler for a Trigger Warning**
“You okay, kid?” Dean says.
didn’t do anything, Sam. I left my number on his kitchen counter, but I guess he just wasn’t into me.”
“I really do have to go, though. Work,” Cas says, unenthusiastically. “I’ll see you tonight, though?”
“Your father is bleeding internally from injuries sustained in the accident. Unfortunately, due to his inebriated state, we aren’t able to operate right away without risk of complications. Over the next couple of hours, we’ll keep him in a medically induced coma in order to prevent further irritation or injury. Once his blood alcohol content is low enough, we will operate,” the doctor explains.
“S’all in the past,” Dean replies. “Hey, uh, you doin’ anythin’ right now?”
“Dean, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean-,” Sam starts. Dean raises a hand up at Sam.
?” Dean shouts, completely caught off guard. “Why the fuck would you think that I’m sleeping with Benny?”
“Wait,
When they finally come up for air, they’re both breathing heavy.
“I’m gonna visit the rest of my family. My parents, uh, they don’t really keep up with pop culture, so I don’t think they have any idea yet,” Cas says.
“How do you explain the pictures?” Another reporter shouts above the rest, who've started back up again. Dean turns to look at them again as Bobby shoves him into the car.
Dean sighs. Sam’s right. He lost Eileen and Dean’s being selfish cooping himself up in his room while Sam and Jack try to find another way to defeat Chuck.
Flipping your hair, baby, I swear
“In a room full of people in the business? Yeah, word travels fast, dude,” Sam says back.
He jolts out of the bed, starting to panic. Why were he and Benny in the same bed? Nothing happened, right? Benny’s straight. He wouldn’t have let anything happen…right?
“It’s my mother’s recipe. She always cooked dinner for my family. This was her infamous spaghetti and meatballs recipe that she made every Monday night. I thought it was only right to make it for us, since, you know, it’s Monday and all,” Cas says, looking up at Dean hoping he doesn’t sound like a total sap.
Dean sighs and turns to look at him.
“Yeah,” Dean says as he pushes the garage door opener and pulls baby inside.
“Oh, yeah, of course,” he responds.
Cas pulls the bread out of the oven and it’s so charred, Dean wouldn’t have been able to tell it used to be bread if it wasn’t for the loaf shape.
“Damn, man. I think this is probably the last thing I expected to pull up to when I was on my way over here,” the man says, in awe of the large house.
“Alright, alright,” Dean says, “here, you pick something.” He hands the remote to Cas, forcing him to look away from Dean to choose something from the channel guide.
Dean smiles at the ground and then up at his brother before signaling to the bartender that he’ll have another drink.
The three of them make their way further into the crowded restaurant as Benny walks up to Dean and hands him a whiskey on ice.
Dean is grinning from ear to ear. He’s never had this much adrenaline running through him at once before. He feels like he can do anything.
“That’s awesome, Cas,” Dean says, squeezing Cas’ hand.
John stumbles but he catches himself before falling over.
“It’s fine, Dean. I get it. I wouldn’t want to force you to risk something like that,” Cas says, looking Dean in the eye.
Cas moves over to the other side of the bed and grabs the lube and a condom. They’re in the bedside table drawer now instead of across the room. Dean smiles at the change in location and sits down on the bed, his back to Cas.
“Breakfast for sure,” Sam says, “I’m starving.”
Yeah, what makes your world spin around and around?
“Nah, Raising Cane’s spelled C-A-N-E is. This is actually my buddy’s place,” Dean says.
**TW / Homophobia and Abuse when Dean tells Cas about his relationship with his dad.
The music starts to play as Dean walks back up to his mic. He closes his eyes and starts to sing.
“Party starts at 5,” Dean raises his voice a bit so he can be heard from inside the closet. “I was thinking we could probably get there at, like, 4:30 or so, just to see if Bobby needs any help.”
Sam is silent for a while. He doesn’t know what to say to make his brother feel better. He sort of understands, but at least Eileen knew he loved her. He doesn’t actually know if Cas knew.
“This wouldn’t be a date with that fella you were hung up on the other morning in the studio, would it?” Bobby asks.
Dean swallows nervously but he agrees.
“Thanks,” Dean says, nervously.
“Cas?” Dean asks.
“Guess who?” Dean says in a high-pitched voice.
Cas watches as Dean scrolls through the small gallery of pictures. Each picture gets more and more suggestive starting with pictures of them eating dinner and ending with pictures of them kissing on the beach.
Dean doesn’t say anything. He just continues to swirl his straw around in the glass of water he was forced to get because Sam wouldn’t let him order a beer.
Girl, let's lose it, tonight
Dean closes his eyes as he lets the water run down his back. Cas watches him adoringly and then he leans in to kiss him.
“Were you surprised?” He asks.
Dean watches as Cas’ eyes shoot open, his pupils blown wide with pure ecstasy. Cas moans loud and tenses up as a white ribbon spreads across his stomach. Dean finishes him off, and then proceeds to slam into Castiel a few more times before he comes as well.
“You boys Mr. Winchester’s sons, I presume?” The doctor asks them.
“What, no snide comment about that one?” Dean manages through clenched teeth.
“My father loves movies. He used to take us to midnight screenings all the time. Trips to New York to see plays on Broadway, he really loves the theatrical arts,” Castiel says.
Dean nods and joins his band at the door. He’s as ready as he’s gonna get.
“Well, uh, the inspiration came from….life. As cheesy as that sounds,” Dean laughs, “I mean there’s not much to say without spoiling anything. But I am really proud of this one. We’ve worked really hard on it, spent 12 to 15 hour days in the studio making sure she’s perfect. The release is a long time coming.”
The waiter comes back a few minutes later with two plates in hand. The meal looks to be a steak dish that the waiter refers to as carne asada. It’s paired with rice, beans, and tortillas. For dessert they have churros. Dean asked for chocolate sauce and ice cream because, even though it’s not traditional to eat them with ice cream in Mexico, that’s the way he’s always had them.
Dean turns around so he can look at Cas face to face.
“It started off a little bumpy, but I’m going to his place tonight. He’s cooking dinner.”
Dean grabs his jacket off of the bar stool in Cas’ kitchen and heads towards the door.
Mornings fucking suck. When Dean decided to become a musician, he fully intended on sleeping in late and being up all night. He forgot how much other shit went into being an artist.
“When we all got back from Mexico, there were pictures of Dean and Cas on a date all over the media,” he says to Benny. “Did something happen with Cas?” He asks Dean’s back.
John scoffs and stumbles out the door, Sam follows behind to lock the chain at the top of the door.
“Alright, alright, enough hating on my pizza. We’ll order two, you baby,” Cas says as he sticks his tongue out at Dean.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel greets him. Goddamn, Dean never gets tired of hearing Cas say his name. It just does something to him and makes him-
“Yeah, yeah, I, uh, I vaguely remember that part, but, um…,” Dean searches for the right way to phrase this next question. When he doesn’t find anything better, he just comes right out and asks, “why were we sleeping in the same bed?”
“If we’re just going back to the hotel, I think I’d rather stay and watch the show again. If that’s okay…,” Cas trails off.
“Where- son of a bitch,” Dean sighs as he closes his eyes and remembers leaving his car in the parking garage of the studio to make sure he wouldn’t drive home drunk. He groans as he pulls out his phone and dials the cab company again.
“Alright, well, regardless, you need to eat something. Come on,” Sam says, pulling Dean up and out of the bed.
“Haven’t seen you ‘round here before,” Dean says.
“So, this relationship,” she says between kisses, “were you together long?”
Cas smiles, relieved that Dean isn’t going to make fun of him and glad he actually shares this guilty pleasure with him.
“I don’t know about you
“I’ll explain later, I don’t want you to be late to work though, it’s kind of a lot,” he says.
On his way out the door, he realizes he should probably bring Cas flowers, right? It’s a date, of course he should. He checks his watch again and it’s a quarter to seven. He can make it if he speeds.
Dean spins them both around so now Cas is pressed up against the counter. He puts his hand under Cas’ ass and pulls him up so that Cas now has his legs straddled around Dean’s waist. They stand there like that making out before Dean walks them towards Cas’ bedroom.
“Dean, it’s not even ten am,” Benny points out.
“Case notes,” Dean scoffs, “sure. Whatever, Cas. Look, this really hasn’t been all that easy for me, so if you don’t mind,” Dean points to the door, “I’m sure you can see yourself out.”
Cas laughs. That doesn’t surprise him one bit.
“Sammy,” Dean starts before he pauses to think about it for a moment, “it was a dream come true. I’m telling you I don’t think I’ve ever felt a high like that in my entire life. It was surreal for me too.”
Dean takes a deep breath and closes his eyes, rubbing his hands over his face.
Dean sets the pie and wine down on the counter as he sits. This is so awkward. The first night they met was less awkward than this, even when Dean had to struggle to keep the conversation going due to Cas’ presumed disinterest.
“Aces,” Dean says as he drops his face into his good hand. He feels like shit both physically and emotionally and now his hand is throbbing on top of that. It’s really just not his day. Hell, it hasn’t even been his month.
“Are you sure, Dean? I don’t have anything here and I work in the morning.”
“You’re going to do great, Dean,” Cas says.
Dean thinks for a moment.
“I was just about to tell Cas about that time when you were 14 and I walked in on you when you were d-,”
Cas looks at him for a moment, debating on whether he should say anything at all.
“Oh, it’s Benny’s. I couldn’t find mine this morning, so I borrowed one of his,” Dean says, looking back up to Cas’ face and smiling.
He doesn’t wait for Cas to respond, he jogs back into the dressing room and hunches over the counter staring at himself in the mirror.
Dean drops to his knees and starts stroking Cas’ cock, thumbing over the slit and spreading precome along his shaft with every upstroke. Cas throws his head back and locks his arms behind him to keep himself up.
Dean pulls into the hospital parking lot about twenty minutes later. He runs into the emergency room and heads straight to the front desk.
“You ready to go?” Dean says, with a noticeable smile in his voice.
Cas comes downstairs half an hour later, showered, dressed, and ready to go.
These past few months have flown by. Dean and the band have been all over the country performing at various award shows and benefit concerts, as well as doing radio interviews and guest appearing on talk shows. It’s been crazy, but worth it.
“Not to worry, Dean. I get it,” Bart starts before Naomi walks into the room and announces that dinner is ready.
They’re shuffled to a stage with a giant curtain closed in front of them. They move everything into position as they hear Alicia Keys announce him:
Dean leans in to kiss Cas, going slow as to make sure he’s okay with it. He is. He leans forward enough for their lips to meet and their entire table cheers. Cas’ face turns hot but he’s smiling. Dean laughs and jokingly tells them to fuck off before digging in to his dessert.
He gets up and walks over to the bar, stopping halfway there to debate whether or not he really wants to do this right now.
Dean stares at the ground below them. He doesn’t say anything else.
“Fuck,” Dean mumbles into his hands.
He pulls up to Green Hills a few hours later, once Sam gets out of court. He texts him and tells him to meet him outside of the Macy’s.
They pull into Dean’s driveway a couple hours later and Dean heads straight inside and up to his room.
“No, you’re not. What’s bugging you?” Dean pries.
“What can I get for ya, hun?” A short, plump woman with red curly hair and stains on her apron asks.
“He pouted, like the two year old he is, but at least he’s staying out of the kitchen. He doesn’t trust my cooking skills, however.”
Call me 216-357-1967
“He, uh,” he struggles with his words. “He’s not a happy drunk. He used to throw me around a lot. Not Sam though, I-I wouldn’t let him touch Sam.”
“Hold on a minute, brother, back up,” Benny interrupts, “are you
One of us moved on, one of us got stuck
Castiel wants to ask about Dean’s mother and why she wasn’t included in this impromptu relocation to Nashville, but he thinks Dean would’ve mentioned her if he was comfortable talking about her.
Castiel pauses for a moment, reading Dean’s face. His eyes are squeezed shut and he’s biting his lip. So hard, in fact, Cas thinks he might actually make himself bleed.
“Not here. Why don’t we go back to my apartment? I’ll cook something, we’ll have a real date,” Castiel suggests.
“Hey, gimme a minute, alright? Lemme say bye to everyone,” Dean yells over to him.
Dean and Cas find Sam and Jess a few hours later at the after party. They’re leaning up against a back wall being nauseatingly cute.
“I need to explain, Dean.”
“Oh, like you’re any better? M’fine,” Castiel says as he pulls his arm out of Dean’s grip, almost knocking himself over in the process.
Cas sighs and puts his face in his hands.
“Dad, I don’t want a lecture from you about how I’m going against God and how I’m going to burn in hell for my choices. This is who I am and I-,”
Charlie’s right. Dean had nothing to worry about after all. This went a lot better than he’d anticipated.
“I’ve been asked to perform at the Grammys this year,” Dean exclaims.
He collapses on top of Dean, smearing come between their bare chests.
Tonight, we can jump in, fall into somethin’
He reaches down and starts to jerk Dean off, leaning in to kiss him softly. Dean’s not in the mood for soft though, so he reaches up and takes a handful of Cas’ hair and presses his mouth against Cas’. Cas opens his mouth and allows his tongue to enter. Dean scrapes his teeth across Cas’ bottom lip and draws a low moan out of Cas’ throat.
Just when Dean was starting to think he hadn’t read the situation wrong, Cas drops an atomic bomb. He starts laughing, getting up from the table,
Dean wakes up around 8:15. He’s got a kink in his neck that aches as he sits up straight. It takes him a moment to realize where he is. When his eyes adjust, he realizes he’s in Cas’ apartment, on the couch in the living room. Did he sleep here last night? Of course he did. How else could this be explained? But where’s Cas?
“Jody has us check in with her regularly while we’re on hunts. I think if we’d tried to go longer than two hours without at least a text, she’d send a search party,” Kaia reassures him.
They enjoy their meal and then move back into the living room to open presents.
“A date, huh? Come on in, boy.”
“I met someone last night. Thought we hit it off, but I haven’t heard from him,” Dean sighs, “it’s not important. Let’s just get this track fixed.”
“Tell me what happened,” Sam says again.
“Oh my god!” Jess screams as Sam runs over to her.
They all pile into the limo waiting out back and Benny whispers something to the driver.
They stand there for a moment, making out under the hot stream until Cas reaches down and wraps his hand around Dean’s half hard cock and begins to stroke him.
“Yeah,” Dean laughs, “yeah he’s a good guy. My best friend…Hey, Lee, listen,” Dean sighs.
He runs his good hand through his hair and steps out onto the balcony to get some air. Benny joins him a few minutes later, putting his hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“Did you do all of this?” Dean asks, grinning widely, looking from Cas to Sam and then back to Cas.
“You can borrow something of mine, s’fine,” Dean says, letting his eyes fall closed again.
“Alright, you two. Enough flirting. I need a beer,” Dean says as Sam shoots him a look. He smiles proudly, succeeding in already annoying Sam within the first five minutes of his arrival.
“Hey, Deano, mind if I tag along?” Benny asks before Dean walks out of the building.
“It wasn’t a mistake,” Dean whispers as he pulls away, just enough that he can see Cas’ face.
When Jack brought Cas back, it was without his grace. Cas didn’t seem to mind other than that he had to get used to human needs again. On occasion, he still complains about having to eat and sleep to survive, but otherwise he doesn’t mind.
Dean blushes and smiles down at his feet.
“Up and at ‘em,” Benny says, pulling Dean’s bedding down to the posts.
As the day goes on, Dean still doesn’t hear from Cas. He and Benny decided to call Ash and Crowley over to get some work done.
“Alright, cool,” Dean says, looking towards the empty closet. “You even unpacked your clothes yet?”
Dean waits for Cas to relax, and he does after a moment. Dean slowly starts to pull out and push back in, carefully watching Cas’ face for any sign that Dean should stop. He doesn’t see one though, so he continues and picks up his speed.
“Cas? It’s Dean,” Dean says, wearily.
“Mornin’,” Benny says in the middle of a yawn.
Cas doesn’t answer right away. He just stands there, still with his back to Dean. Finally, he sighs and turns around.
Dean stands up and pulls a box out of his back pocket, then he joins Cas on one knee and opens the box without a word.
“Are you taking me somewhere secluded so you can kill me? This is how I die, isn’t it? I knew I should have told someone who I was going to Mexico with so they’d know who to look for when they find my body,” Cas teases.
“So, what’s this mean for you? And for me, I guess,” Dean asks, cautiously.
Cas walks out of his bedroom ten minutes later wearing an outfit identical to the one he wore the other day to the coffee shop. His tie is backwards again, and Dean’s tempted to fix it, but it’s kinda cute, so he elects to leave it.
“Maybe if you talk to him, he-,”
“What’re y’doing?” Castiel asks him.
Dean starts pounding into Cas’ ass harder than before and Cas is almost screaming with pleasure at this point.
Castiel leans in and kisses Dean. And then he kisses him again and again and once again they’re pressed up against one of Castiel’s doors making out. Seems like this is their thing now.
Dean smiles and slides into the booth next to Sam as Brady gets up and grabs a chair from a nearby table to pull up to the end of theirs.
“I ‘ppreciate what my buddy over there’s tryna do, but really, ‘m okay. Actually, just gettin’ outta a relationship so…” Dean trails off. He’s having a hard time processing the rest of what he wants to say when he realizes she’s swung her leg over his lap, straddling him.
“You got one,” Dean says, furrowing his brow. “Got
“Seriously, Dean,” Castiel chuckles, “Lets wash this off before it dries.
with him and he didn’t even have the decency call you?”
“Yes, I’m sure.
“Well, I’m about to be a bigger pain in your ass so I won’t hold that against you,” Cas says with a shit-eating grin on his face.
“Hey, Dean, what’s going on, is everything okay?” Cas asks as he walks into the dressing room. Dean doesn’t answer, he immediately grabs his arm and drags him into the nearest bathroom.
“Okay baby,” she says as she straddles Dean again, “you just let me know if you want me to stop, but remember, I’m here to please you.”
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean says, his eyes squeezed shut.
“You alright, brother?” Benny asks him.
“I feel like I’m gonna throw up. I don’t know if I can do this,” he says, looking more worried than Cas has ever seen him before.
“Oh, you think so?” Cas asks.
“I’m exhausted, Cas. Don’t worry about it. We can just sleep,” Dean assures him.
The song, Life Changes by Thomas Rhett, ends and Storme welcomes the listeners back to his morning show.
“Talk? We need to-are you fucking kidding me, Cas?” Dean fires back.
“Fancy,” Dean replies.
“Nah, I don’t,” Dean says, disappointed by this sudden realization.
“Good morning, sweet girl. You hungry? Daddy made your favorite!” Dean says, smiling at her.
Dean wakes up to his alarm blaring at 8 o’clock. He has to be at the Highway studio by 9, so he reluctantly pulls himself out of bed and into the shower. He steps into the searing hot stream of water and immediately relaxes. He hadn’t realized how tense he was until the heat hit his body.
“Good,” Castiel laughs, “my mother’s recipes never fail me.”
“Y’all excited?” Dean asks by way of greeting, placing his hand at the small of Cas’ back.
“What’d you wish for?”
“Yeah,” Cas says, shyly. “It’s kind of interesting.”
“You too, Lee,” Dean says, stepping aside to let him in.
“What the fuck are you doing here?” Dean asks him, anger beginning to set in. How dare Cas let himself into Dean’s home after what happened.
Surprisingly, Dean feels somewhat relieved after telling Cas all of that. It feels like a weight has been lifted off of his shoulders and it’s one less thing Dean has to hide from Cas. He sighs and looks down at his plate.
“You know, I heard that song you did in that bar last year. How’d you end up here after
“I hope y’all saved room for dessert. This is Mary Winchester’s famous apple pie. So good, it’ll make you wanna slap your momma,” Dean jokes.
The next day, Dean tries to call Cas several times to talk, but Cas sends him to voicemail each time. He refuses to leave things how they left them, so he gets in his car and drives over to Cas’ apartment.
“No,” Dean says, half serious.
Sam and Jess arrive moments later, taking the liberty of letting themselves into Dean’s home.
“After he left my apartment, he drove. He got into an accident and he’s, uh, Dean it’s pretty bad,” Sam says, on the verge of tears.
Dean rolls his eyes and responds to the text:
Sam and Jess get up from the table and say goodbye to everyone. Benny decides that he’d better go too, and he calls a cab, claiming he doesn’t want to burden Dean with bringing him home. He knows it’s more so that he doesn’t have to leave Cas, which he sort of appreciates.
They get to the Roadhouse a few minutes later and head straight inside to a table in the back where Sam and Jess are already seated.
