"I tried to take him to hospital of course but he refused. I simply had to let him take his time. He lay in that bed for two weeks, face down. He barely slept and when he did the nightmares plagued him, even worse than they are now. I could do nothing. Not even touch him. He was never the same, there was no one else. Only during his drug days did he even consider anything remotely sexual again and that was only for the drugs. Sebastian ruined him in one way, and made him in another. He owes his deductive science to Sebastian, the reason he became so paranoid of people that he had to know every little detail about them. I despise him with every fibre of my being, and so does mummy."
John swallowed hard as he took in Sherlock's pale form, blood slowly pooling underneath him as the the staff fussed about, recording down his vitals on a chart, preparing the necessary surgical tools and ripping Sherlock free of any clothes that could come in the way of saving his life.
Mary was a regular face in 221b now, although sworn to utmost secrecy about the true nature of her companionship with the residents of 221b. "We don't know anything for definite yet, best not get their hopes up." John had said over tea on her first visit and Mary had agreed. Quick and witty, her place in their partnership formed quickly over the eight weeks before her first ultrasound, an event that fell spectacularly close to The Wedding ("Why do you always use capitals when you write about it John, it's not really supposed to have capitalization in that context-" "With your mother and Mrs Hudson planning, you're lucky it's not all caps") which just added to the buildup of nervous energy. Sherlock was practically vibrating when the day actually arrived, from the moment he'd woken up he was buzzing about the flat, fiddling with this and that until John made him sit on his hands. Mary arrived, donning a pair of big sunglasses and a floaty top. "Come on the you two, taxi's waiting!" Secrecy at this early stage was important to them all. It would put Mary in danger if people knew she carried their child.
John sighed and downed another pint, shaking heavy raindrops from his hair. There was no escaping the revelation that had shaken the very foundation of his life. In truth he had known since he was a teenager that he was bi, but women were his poison of choice. But then he'd crashed into Mike and now... "Sherlock bloody Holmes" he muttered darkly into his rapidly emptying glass. At first it had been un-noticable, after all John had his dates and women offered him them all the time. Yet after a while the whole thing would sour and they all said the same thing: that he was in love with Sherlock. Denial only gets you so far and when Sarah had sat him down and gone through all the signs with him, there was no hope for denial anymore.
Holmes senior raised a condescending brow and seemed to reevaluate John, his steely gaze completely unnerving, but John held his ground. The soft exhalation he received in return for his request was a dismissal if he'd ever received one. Mr Holmes took the paper with pursed lips and spun on his heel, pausing for a moment in the entryway and then looking back, the oscillation in the doorway seemingly just as confusing to the man himself as it was to John.
With the Christmas party due to begin in two hours, John made a small detour to the staff lounge on his way to check on a patient, just to make sure that everything was still in order and that none of the food had been feasted on in secret. He was especially proud of the batch of roasted potatoes he had cooked himself in the small staff pantry just before. It had been a long time since he cooked for anyone other than himself so John could only cross his fingers in the hope that he did not land anyone, or himself for that matter, in the same A&E as patients themselves, albeit with food poisoning.
Up to this day, he was grateful for the “protection” his brother provided him with, but he had never explicitly expressed his gratitude to his sibling. Sentiment and gratitude are the two things Sherlock Holmes never excelled in, after all.
He groaned in frustration and flopped into the chair in defeat, pulling out his phone and texting John.
John woke up yelling once again and rubbed his eyes. Another day. Sometimes he wondered why he even bothered, everything was so dull and lifeless that he might as well be too. He stared at his blog for a while and then went out, deciding that fresh air was the best way forward. On his way through the park he crashed into Mike, who smiled strangely at him and dragged him to . "Sherlock Holmes meet John Watson." John could see that Sherlock was beautiful, his hair dark and curled, pale skin, angular cheekbones. He noticed that no matter what he did not lock eyes with him, averting his gaze to every other part of him bar his face. "Afghanistan or Iraq?" those three words had him hooked and when Sherlock gave him an address for a flat they could share, he didn't think twice about it. Of course he'd go.
Sherlock was a bit fed up now. Obviously he hadn't been listening when they'd been explaining what he had to do but this was getting a bit ridiculous. "Why on earth do I have to walk down the aisle? I'm not some sort of blushing bride Mummy, Still not your daughter." Mummy sighed at him over the top of a glass of champagne and orange juice while Lawrence (his hairdresser from childhood) faffed about with his still wet hair. "I know you're not my daughter, you made the fact quite clear the one time I tried to put your hair up when you were barely able to speak. You're walking down the aisle because that's what you do at weddings, one waits at the altar, the other walks down the aisle. It's all about pagentry and traditions darling, besides it's not like I put you in a white dress and veil. You're much more suited to walking down anyway" Sherlock spluttered indignantly and Mrs Hudson patted his arm "with your physique and such you'll be much more graceful than John would and that's the simple truth of it. Back to what we were saying. You'll walk three beats after Oceana and Archie which will mean paying attention to..." He'd stopped paying attention at all and Lawrence bless him turned on the hairdryer, effectively drowning out his mother and Mrs Hudson. A few moments peace was lovely, neither woman had stopped yapping since they'd arrived, at least Mrs Hudson had brought tea and some breakfast, the time it took to chew and swallow had been all the respite he'd gotten from the barrage of sentimental drivel and demands. The relative quiet gave him time to just be and he couldn't help but think that in five short hours he'd be standing in an empty gazeebo for three beats before walking down that bloody aisle. To John.
’  This Doctor Watson fellow was clearly under the impression that they were acquainted, and more than that, had such certainty in their relationship (whatever it was) that he had felt comfortable all but holding Sherlock's hand all night.
Greg plopped himself down on the stool across from John and waited for him to acknowledge his presence. " Alright Greg?" Greg laughed slightly and gestured to John "Pretty sure you're the one that needs to be asked if they're alright." John smiled. A quick look to the men sitting a few tables down and two new pints sat on the table in front of them, courtesy of the "young chaps down there." Lestrade winked slyly at them and turned his attention back to John. "So. Out with it. I haven't so much as heard from you in a week. What's up?" Contemplating lying for a minute, John groaned and spilled the beans. Greg nodded and looked sympathetic.
It had begun to snow softly by the time they reached Baker Street, and Mrs Hudson had long since gone to sleep, leaving them to raid the pantry themselves.  John lit the fire in the grate, watching out of the corner of his eye as Holmes laid tea on the table, eyes straying oh so slightly over to him as he bent in the orange glow, breathing life into the embers.
- to come home to, had left him depressed. He was lucky that St. Bart’s was still willing to take him in - on the basis that he was only allowed to undertake minor surgical operations due to the intermittent tremor in his left hand. Said tremor had mostly been absent since he met Sherlock Holmes.
But Sherlock simply held up a hand. “No. Something happened, that much is obvious, and I’m certain that it was important. You’ve been avoiding me, and yet checking in at every opportunity. You almost ran out of here the last time we spoke, but you called Lestrade to keep my mind busy, something you would only have known to do if we had talked about it before. Even now,” he ran his eyes over John, noting the nervous tugging down of his sleeve, the way his eyes were drifting from Sherlock’s own to his lips, his arm, and back again. “You’re practically screaming it at me. So, sit there, and tell me. Everything, John. I’ll know if you don’t.”
"That," John breathed "I was not expecting." Sherlock smiled softly at him. "Not friends. Friend.I only have one." And when John kissed him right back Sherlock couldn't help but hope they finished this case soon. He was done being afraid.
"I... you may, of course, cover yourself if that is your wish but I... I am quite happy to have you bare for there is much I would like to do, to you, with you, for you...entirely your decision of course. Just to kiss you is more than I had ever hoped for... Sherlock?" As John's intentions became clear, explicit as they were Sherlock could feel his knees going beneath him, and John, ever watchful, caught him before he could fall, a pleased little smirk fighting it's way onto his face.
The first thing John saw when he opened his eyes was a mop of dark curls nestled snugly into his shoulder, as if it, as if he had been made for this exact purpose. He stared for a while at the bare back his arm was under. It was pale and skinny, but still muscular enough to exude a strength. It was peppered with small scars. He sighed, not wanting to ruin the moment with his questions. He swallowed them instead, saving them for another time. "Morning Sherlock."
John strolled down the corridor as if he owned the place, a trick he had learned very early on in his friendship with Sherlock. If you act like you're supposed to be there, most people don't question it.
Greg squeezed past dancing couples with two drinks in his hand and smirked at the scene that lay outside the door he passed, Holly sitting on the couch outside staring indulgently at Molly who was gesturing wildly, clearly telling some sort of story. "They look pretty cute together. Explain to me again how you knew she'd go out there?" Greg asked as he handed the second drink over to Mycroft. "I might have given her a little nudge out the door..." he said contemplatively and Greg laughed "Not literally though, right?" he said jokingly. Mycroft just looked at him as if he had something on his face. "You're actually quite funny Mycroft Holmes. Especially when you don't know why." He'd actually had to wipe tears of mirth from his eyes.
for him, enough that he was seriously considering the idea of telling him that they, as far as John could tell, were soulmates.
"You two! Come on, no time to explain - Mary's having the baby! Let's go let's go let's go! There's a car waiting for you."
For the second time that day, John was incredibly thankful to his secondary school french teacher, Madame Guillard, for forcing vocabulary about travelling down their throats. The plane journey (private, discreet, incredibly lax about passengers getting each other off. Repeatedly.) had ended with a little elderly french woman ushering them into a taxi that would "allez rapidement à la gare" and a four hour train journey inland later they were standing in Bourges train station with an incredibly French man, complete with moustache and a baguette for them.
Lunch, in all it's extravagance went off without a hitch. To the general shock of the party, Holly pocketed her phone for the duration of the meal. "The study I think, for presents." Orabelle smiled languidly and everyone rose and made their way through the house following her lead. The study was cozily decorated with holly and mistletoe, and a reserved looking tree twinkled with lights in the corner. Greg sat first in the leather armchair next to the fire and patted his legs at Mycroft who blushed so minutely no one outside this room would ever have noticed. Trying to maintain his staunch exterior he strolled, hands in pockets, to Greg who was grinning widely and settled across his lap, legs dangling over one arm. "Cheeky" he whispered into Greg's ear as everyone else found a spot: John sitting on the couch with Sherlock sprawled across the floor between his knees, and Mummy and Holly opposite himself and Gregory on another couch. Each had a stack of presents, and the childlike glee on Orabelle's face was as unmistakable as it was contagious. "The simplest way to do this would be to put each person's gifts in front of them so if you would be so kind Holly as to do mine at the same time as yours, I'm suddenly feeling quite lethargic." There was movement then as Holly quickly made the rounds with John doing the same and both picking up gifts from Greg and Mycroft to shuttle back to the awaiting parties. John was honestly quite touched by the whole thing, he barely knew Holly and yet they had exchanged gifts like they were already family. "Shall we?" Orabelle asked with a cheeky grin and tore into the wrapping paper on her first gift.
He'd never really been big on rules. School had offered up its own set of challenges and he had sharpened his tongue to a razor's edge on the backs of bullies and refined his technique until the first cut was to the bone. Somewhere along the line he had softened his blows again, probably when everyone finally decided he was better off left alone, to something more irritating than soul crushing. A confession is more likely to be made when a suspect is too frustrated to keep their story straight than when they're sobbing about their deepest insecurities. Goading suspects into confessions was a skill of his.
"Greg and Mike have been looking at me weirdly all afternoon and I don't know, it just seems like they know about us or something." The words were only just out of his mouth when the two walked in side by side and called to them over the noise of the evening meal.
"End of the year. Easier that way. I'm sorry, how did you know that?" Sherlock's eyes lit up. "Top corner of a pamphlet in your bag about army schemes to pay for tuition. Obviously you're not a particularly wealthy man or your parents would have sent you to a private school so they probably can't afford to pay for college and you have ambitions. Add the fact that you're accepting a punishment along with a gang of footnallers you apparently captain based on the jersey number I would think they'd be a bit less friendly towards you if they knew you intended to first stop playing and second go abroad and get shot at." John blinked at the onslaught and for a fraction of a second something crossed Sherlock's face, and John didn't like it. "That... Was amazing. Truly amazing." Sherlock's turn to looked stunned. "That's not what people usually say." John frowned. "What do they usually say?"
"Let me do this." He murmurs into the hollow of Sherlock's throat and Sherlock let's his head droop to rest on John's shoulder, surrendering himself fully. With all the care he applies to everything he does for Sherlock, John lifts him slowly, following Sherlock's hips with his own gentle thrust, taking both of their pleasures into his capable hands. He has to readjust his own position only twice before he starts to hit Sherlock's prostate on every thrust, their gentle pressure building up to, Sherlock knows, an orgasm unlike any he's ever experienced and it's all down to John and just how much he loves him and always will love him, a fact that Sherlock is reminded of when John's hand slithers between them and beings to stroke in time with his thrusts and Sherlock can feel their rings pulling him closer and closer to the edge.
John picked up the mug gratefully and sipped it, the hot liquid cooling him down considerably. Sherlock took this as the moment to plunge right in to conversation about their relationship. "John, do you consider us to be a couple? In the conventional sense. By that I mean.. I mean usually from what I've seen in your previous encounters there's more... involved than what we've.. and I'm just wondering if that's something you wanted? Or if you had even thought about it? Also on the same topic, do you think this" he gestured between them "should be a public relationship? I have no qualms about it but if you feel uncomfortable I should warn you that Mycroft will certainly be aware of us regardless of your stance on the matter." He poured the words out in a stream so fast it was almost impossible for John to keep up. But he got the gist of it and nearly choked on his tea. He was still spluttering while Sherlock sat, obviously waiting for a response. He was not as embarrassed by the conversation as he had imagined himself being. In fact he was quite proud at how smoothly it had gone.
John had been unsurprised when he was taken to a helipad and flown away with two men in black at his side. Obviously Mycroft had a case for Sherlock and his penchant for kidnapping the two of them had taken a more dramatic turn. He had interrupted what could have been a very interesting skype chat once he had gotten back to the car. Bloody interfering man. John couldn't help but wonder if Sherlock was cooperating because he knew very well how he could get if he felt that he had been wronged in some way, especially by Mycroft. John was shown into Buckingham palace which was a shock and a half. It was the sight that greeted him after that which gave him a heart attack. Sherlock was seated upright on the couch for once which was good but as far as John could tell he was only wearing a thin sheet. John sat down on the other side of the couch and crossed his ankles, waiting for Sherlock to explain, but they just sat in silence for a while. "Sherlock are you wearing pants?" he asked unable to contain his curiosity. "No." Their eyes met and they burst into a fit of giggles. They chatted a bit after that, with John expressing his inexplicable urge to steal an ashtray and Sherlock laughing along with him, face crinkling up into a genuine smile. They waited a bit more and Mycroft and a liaison finally arrived.
"Would you stand for a moment Holmes, there is something I'd like to see." He stood with little hesitation and waited as John circled around him, humming softly and occasionally muttering under his breath. "You cut quite a figure Holmes, did you know?" Sherlock shrugged, complimentary speech was not freely given in society, one could only compliment oneself or use compliments as part of a business strategy. It was quite nice.
It had been a hectic day but Moriarty was in custody now with enough proof to put him behind bars for life. And if he wasn't, well, Mycroft would see to that. They could go home again, one night away had been too many. Sherlock was euphoric and took the stairs to 221b two at a time. Nothing could bring him down, not when Lestrade had made Anderson and Donovan grovel for his forgiveness which - of course - he graciously denied them.
Mr Holmes was silent. His gaze momentarily dropped to John's thumb where it had unconsciously begun rubbing his inner elbow before flickering back up to the doctor's face. “We'll see.”
“I have made arrangements for my brother to continue his treatment at a facility elsewhere. I can assure you that his
To her credit Mary seemed the calmest of them all, giving a few of the more vicious glarers cheeky winks and making others choke on laughter as she mimed giving a very enthusiastic simultaneous hand and blowjob, so focused on the act that she didn't notice two heads turn to watch her. When she did, she paused midmotion like a child caught stealing biscuits and John couldn't hold his laughter in, his hearty chuckle the catalyst for an outbreak of laughter among the many spectators and some indignant sputtering from the people the show had been aimed at. They were called soon after that .
As far as internationally guarded secrets went, it was one he had unearthed quite simply at the tender age of 9, even then having trouble with seeing things that he shouldn’t have.
Ah. The light would be filtering through velvet curtains then, was Sherlock supposed to perform? Likely. That was fine, he had no problem showing off.
“Fine. Right as rain. Now if you'd kindly sign off my release papers, I'd be out of your hair before you know it.” Sherlock huffed.
While they had wanted to have some of their other friends there on the altar with them, there had been no way to choose fairly between the four most likely, John had picked Greg just because he was closest with him but Sherlock was rather close with all three of Molly, Mycroft and Mrs Hudson. In the end Mrs Hudson won out, but they had agreed that Molly and Mycroft would be their signed witnesses on the licence, involving all four. Mummy had organised herself to give him away, thus meaning that the whole family was a part of the proceedings. All Sherlock really cared about was the fact that John was the one waiting for him at the altar.
"I'm going to get some peace and quiet, can I get you anything?" Sherlock asked sarcastically, gratified by the falter each intruder on their contented silence experienced at his words.
A/N: I am so sorry this has taken as long as it has, my only excuse is that school has been crazy and I haven't had a minute to myself without a book or a score in it for weeks. There may also have been a bit of self recrimination to blame; I did start writing small pieces of this more than once but I was just not happy with it, still amn't sure of it tbh. But I think (if my cacullations e right which who knows, maths and I have never really gotten on) that this chapter pushes the word count over the 100k mark, so I'd like to thank each and every person who reads this for every second of your attention to this story. Every follow, favourite and  kind word have been appreciated 100 fold and I hope I can keep your attention. Thank you all~S
While the Moran case was interesting by it's own merit, they knew the culprit and his main motives. All they could really do was wait to see where they could catch him and then do that. Not exactly worth missing quality John time over. Sherlock almost recoiled at the thought, he sounded awfully dependant. John wouldn't mind. Back at Baker street he took the steps two at a time, long legs barely whispering against the steps in his attempt to preserve the silence.
The projection froze on the final image and Greg stood in front of it. "They say a picture is worth a thousand words, and I think this picture says it all. John, Sherlock, to a lifetime of happiness and surprises, of giggles at crime scene's and doing things your way, of two am calls to the emergency department and a cup of tea on the side of the road while we wait for your flat to be safe for people again, to sacrificing yourself for your friends and seeing to the heart of the problem, to being yourselves and finding love in the most unlikely of places, here's to you both." Sherlock raised his glass along with everyone else and was surprised to find himself feeling rather... touched by Greg's speech. Clearly the man had put a lot of work and time into it, and he had articulated himself rather well for once.
"That's it. We're taking a holiday. Tomorrow, wherever you want to go, but we're taking a bloody break." Sherlock nearly collapsed on the couch when they closed the door of the flat "Ok John. I'm feeling run down myself, perhaps a holiday is what we need. Nowhere too out of the way, preferably foreign. Pick, pack, we'll go." Clearly Sherlock was more affected than he let on, and while it was good that he felt he could show John he was vulnerable, fallible, if he'd known then John would have protested that last call out more. The lack of argument would have been cause to go in and of itself so John, after a shower, shave, tea and dinner, sat down and texted Mycroft who sent a courier with two tickets to some place he couldn't name and fully stocked suitcases. He'd flopped into bed shortly after closing the door.
"Anything you want. I trust your judgment, I know you'll only ask for something you know I can give. So, think about it, I'll be in the kitchen when you're ready." John smoothed a hand gently over his back before he went, hoping the gesture conveyed the fact that he was a bit worried about his best mate and would like to help, if he could.
John heaved a heavy sigh. “Sherlock. Why can't you let someone else take care of you for once? Do enlighten me. You've chased everyone else away when they showed the slightest intention to help you.”
alright Clar?" he asked, pulling her into a tight embrace. "Perhaps we should get her off her feet John. The chances that she might faint are rather high, obviously hasn't eaten in the past 24 hours and her pacing only stopped a few minutes ago due to some dizziness. Sherlock Holmes. A pleasure to meet you." he added as an afterthought, squirming through the gangs of people to find three empty chairs in a secluded corner of the room, right next to a hidden window. When everyone was seated and John had miraculously acquired tea and biscuits from an overtly flirtatious nurse (He had his hand on Sherlock's thigh the entire time to be sure that he wouldn't get 'pouty' later) Clara began answering their questions. "We came in yesterday and they took her in about four hours ago. A doctor came earlier to tell me she was in critical condition and that's when he asked about the eggs so obviously I called you. He said he'd be back within the hour to get my answer and seeing as you're here... I don't know John. I don't know what's going to happen to her. God I'm terrified that she might not come back from this. We only just got back to where we're supposed to be, everything was going so well... We should have had years. She's an idiot! I swear when she wakes up she's going to have a very angry girlfriend to answer to." Clara cycled from one emotion to the next with such speed that Sherlock was left behind at worried and only caught up to angry after a few moments of silence.
“The game is up Mr. Ricoletti. We both know that you're responsible for Emilia's death. Running, no matter how fast, isn't going to change that.” Sherlock called to him, daintily sliding forwards using the rain slicked surface as a means of moving further across the bridge without taking an obvious step.
"Erm... for the most part. You still had your boxers on, naughty git, and he only looked for a second before-" Mycroft flopped his head back down onto the pillows and groaned as Greg laughed.
“Ah. John wasn't kidding about you. I'm afraid I can't do that as of yet, young man. An overdose is not something you can pretend never happened,” the doctor said.
In fairness to Henry, it did take quite a lot to surprise Sherlock Holmes, and knocking him out entirely was, Sherlock would grudgingly admit, mildly impressive. Particularly if, and Sherlock rolled gently onto his other side to take make sure, he had managed to knock both himself
While John had been prepared for a huff of some sort at his brother's arrival, Sherlock merely giggled and hiccuped slightly, gesturing to John to lean in as he had something to say. John, ever obliging and undeniably curious, leaned his ear down to Sherlock's mouth. Still giggling he whispered into the offered ear, hot breath blowing against it. "Guess what John? *hiccup* I know something you don't" John raised his brow "You always do Sherlock" Sherlock shook his head "No no no no, this is good, you'll want to know this." John smiled accommodatingly at his partner and leaned closer, until they were cheek to cheek "Alright then tell me" he muttered and Sherlock smiled, he could feel it. "Lestrade, and Mycroft, have" a most immasculine giggle erupted from Sherlock "they fancy each other, but Mycroft thinks Lestrade is straight and Lestrade thinks Mycroft wouldn't be interested in him in a million years! Mycroft has fancied him for years, and now Lestrade is looking for an opportunity to let him know that he wants to snog him every time he sees him" John gaped at him, wondering if either man knew how oddly similar to John and Sherlock they were. "Seriously!?" Sherlock nodded vigorously. "Also Mrs Hudson has taken a liking to Angelo and Molly was recently asked on a date by detective inspector Dimmock." John moved back and turned to watch the friends they had invited (they hadn't invited anyone) as they interacted and tried to be a bit more observant. There by the window was Mycroft, staring rather openly at Lestrade as he laughed with Molly and dragged her over to talk to him, cheeks just minutely flushing as he shook Mycroft's hand. Beside them almost were Angelo and Mrs Hudson, wrapped deeply in conversation about cooking.
Sherlock's hand was quivering slightly, the gun clenched tightly in his fist pointing directly at Moriarty. The sound of "Staying alive" blasted into the air and Jim looked almost apologetic as he picked up the phone. "If you're lying I will skin you" he yelled, walking away. No sooner had he left did the snipers disappear.
Mycroft turned to face him. "How did you feel about him?" he asked, puzzled slightly, he'd made jokes about a happy announcement but he had no idea why, it was just to rile Sherlock up, he never actually thought John was anything more than a friend to Sherlock. "Seriously? The two of you are so... so ignorant of some things it's unbelievable. How can you not see it? I loved him! I loved him through it all and I couldn't tell him even when he was standing on that bloody roof. Does that make me a coward Mycroft, the fact that I was happier to love him in secret and keep him than tell him and risk him leaving? He died without knowing that someone loved him, that someone could know all about him and his mad plans and experiments and still love him all the more for it, without knowing any of it! I could have said it on the phone that day, I wanted to, it was just waiting to spill out." Mycroft patted John on the back gently. "No. No it doesn't. And I think, if what you say is true, he would have known, in the end, he would have heard it. He knew John. He knew." Mycroft whispered. He could only hope that Sherlock did know.
John shoved his hands under the tap and scrubbed away quickly, wincing at the angry red of his soulmate mark on his inner elbow and trying his best to ignore the stinging pain that was starting to spread from his arm to the rest of his torso. He needed to focus if he were to save Sherlock's life - his soulmate - once again.
“We'll see what happens, I'm sure it'll come back to you. In the meantime you should get some rest, give your body time to heal itself. I'll be back to check in on you soon enough.”
"Sherlock? Are you asleep or thinking or dead, because I was planning on ordering in and if you're dead that'll be really hard to explain to the delivery man. Indian sound OK to you? Sherlock?" John asked again, wiggling his foot gently with one hand as it dangled over the edge of the sofa. The contact, while innocuous and friendly, lit something in Sherlock's chest alight, the warmth of John's hand travelling right through him. Sherlock opened one eye and nodded his agreement before slipping it closed again, relishing the two soft pats John bestowed upon the arch of his foot as he moved off to place the order.
The plastic on plastic slap of a tray joining his own jolted him out of his head and back into the canteen. “Alright Mary?” he asked politely, hoping she wouldn't start the same conversation as Paula had earlier on. Apparently saying ‘You could just find his number John, There's nothing stopping you from having a more…
Sherlock glared and took John's sleeve, gesturing towards the door. "They're aware of our arrival, knowing mummy their in the drawing room." John mouthed drawing room to Greg who just nodded. He had lived in the place for over a month now and still the upper classness of it all seemed ridiculous. "Lead on then Sherlock" and with that Sherlock took off at the same superhuman pace he always did, leaving Greg and John to jog along on his coat tails. "Probably a good time to mention that Mycroft calls me by my full name" Greg blushed a bit and John just smiled "I figured he would, Greg is just not his style" Sherlock had paused at the front door and held it open for them, closing it deftly after them. The hall was dark reds and mahogany, filled with statues and portraits that were lavishly expensive. John could tell that this was unsurprising to Greg from the first second. "So how long have you been living here?" Sherlock smirked at John, pleased at the deduction. John's stomach always did somersaults at that little smile of approval. "Little over two months now yeah, it's been... Well it's been different." they were making there way slowly towards the twin staircase that wound elegantly above their heads.
“Ah yes. Busy assessing the therapeutic half-life of cocaine, you mean? Need I remind you that she is not aware of the other hobby you indulge in besides your consulting duties?” Mycroft scoffed.
Holly giggled behind her hand at the conspiratorial glance Orabelle afforded her across the breakfast table. The two of them had been up for quite a while, after it became increasingly apparent that they couldn't drown out some noises very effectively at all. Four debauched men trundled into the dining room in various states of dress, Sherlock wrapped snugly in a thin duvet, John donning a festive fair isle jumper and pyjama bottoms, Lestrade shirtless with plaid bottoms and Mycroft in only a misbuttoned shirt and trousers. Each sat down and grabbed at toast or cereal, in Greg's case coffee and a banana, and soon the only sound was the clink of knives and cups hitting saucers. Orabelle smirked, looking at the grandfather clock across the room. "You lot took your time" she remarked, and Mycroft's eyes might as well have come out of his head when he saw the time. "Twelve?! This... this is the latest I have gotten out of bed in my life!" he said, utterly scandalized. "Actually My, there was that one weekend where-" Mycroft held up a threatening hand "If you wish there to ever be a repeat performance you had better think verycarefully about finishing that statement Gregory." A tense silence fell, and it was John who broke first, sputtering until his laughter exploded forth, and then the rest of the table had to join in. "S-sorry" he gasped between chuckles "just, Your face Greg I can't! I have seen puppies who haven't pulled that look off!" Greg gave a half smile and responded amiably "If you'd been there John, you'd want it to happen again too." With that a low hum of conversation resumed, and the staff were already setting up for lunch by the time everyone had left the table.
Sherlock Holmes had been brought up to avoid eye contact with anyone who hadn't found their soulmate, for fear that he might inadvertently find his own. It was difficult enough, in his line of work especially, but he could not afford the risk a person joined to him would bring. Also he found people in general infuriatingly dull and rather dim to boot, having one of their altogether normal eyes tattooed on his skin was an affronting thought. He did not have friends and he did not want any, a soulmate would bring an abrupt end to that. He was fine on his own. He told himself that every night he spent alone and awake in the darkness.
Greg watched as the other couples danced away. He and Mycroft hadn't danced together at all, but both of them had been in constant demand. He'd had a great conversation with Wills and Kate at the bar about England's world cup prospects, and had even been asked on a few dates that he had to decline for obvious reasons. It had been a great party, a lovely evening truly, but he was finished messing about now, really he was. This drink was the first interaction he'd had with Mycroft all night and he was not letting that be how their night culminated, a quick drink and a few words at the side of the dancefloor. They'd had years of that already, enough to last a lifetime. Flicking his eyes to the clock Greg smiled. Ten to midnight. "Dance with me." "What?" Mycroft spluttered. "Mycroft Holmes will you dance with me?" Mycroft frowned and nibbled on his lip. "Gregory you know why that's not a good idea." "I do." Greg nodded, putting his hand on Mycroft's waist and easing the glass from his hands, setting it down on a table. "I just can't quite bring myself to care. If Sherlock and John over there" he jerked his head in the direction of the couple who were laughing as John attempted a particularly outlandish move that landed him against Sherlock's chest "can dance together like utter fools all night, I think we can have one dance." Regardless he was leading Mycroft bodily into the fray, stopping when they reached a semi crowded area and dropping to an exaggerated bow before tucking his hands around Mycroft's waist. He wouldn't have missed the shy smile that bloomed across Mycroft's face for anything in the world.
Greg had to admit, the swim trunks he was wearing were maybe a tad bit loud. A bet with Sally had meant he'd ended up buying skin tight purple ones- much to her amusement at the time in the shop, but wearing them now in the Italian sunshine he had to admit he fancied himself in them. He looked pretty damn good in the plum shorts, and he'd even convinced John to get a pair of his own in solidarity (OK so maybe it had been after a few pints and he'd made John grab a pair then and there otherwise there was no way he'd have agreed to what he had done), but his were a camouflage pattern and as a completely impartial third party Greg could honestly say he looked bloody fantastic in them too. They were allowed preen, at their age it wasn't often that you still had the body for clothes like those and with all of their scars and war wounds (literally) combined they were lucky they were  still standing at all.
In the moment, it wasn't so bad. It didn't hurt at all now, the sinking was comforting in a way. It was bizarre how the physics at the bottom of the Thames was so different than you'd expect. Take the direction of gravity for example. Completely backwards. Up was most definitely down.
Molly had to hand it to her, they were beautiful. White gold for Sherlock, Gold for John, Two medium diamonds stood raised on the top of both rings, and a tiny diamond filled the gap between them. "Wine Mary?" Molly offered as she poured herself a glass. "Oh, no thanks, I'll stick to water myself. Detoxing." Mary replied and opened her mouth to continue when a voice announced Sherlock and John.
Of all things John hated the most, it was being caught off guard. This was no surprise, seeing as he had spent most his adult life sweeping for unseen enemy and praying hard appropriate cover was nearby for he and his team if they were to be ambushed by gunfire, or worse, an aerial bombing.
"Who was it about?" he asked watching as the slow creep of pink coloured John's cheeks. He coughed a little and looked away before responding "You" he said softly "Was what you wrote..." he didn't have to say it. "Yes." Sherlock answered. John shuffled a bit and smirked. "Sherlock?" "Yes?" And he leaned into his face, tongue across Sherlock's lip instead and Sherlock opened his mouth, giving John all the permission he was asking for, and groaning into his mouth as his hands wrapped possessively around his back and neck, pushing their bodies together. In minutes later he had a lap full of John and his neck was being licked and sucked by him while he moaned wantonly into the empty bus. "I -ughhh- take it this means we're -oh- together?" John slid back up to his lips and surged into him "If that's what you want" Sherlock smirked and nodded, allowing John to go back to ravaging his mouth.
The gash was long and wide, but not too deep. That was all John could think while he spent twenty minutes sewing Sherlock's side back together. The sheen
"Right" Greg whispered "I was sworn to secrecy so you'll have to find him on your own. He's on this floor somewhere at least so no stairs. Goodnight and good luck." He watched as John began to make his way down the corridor and then went back to his own room where Mycroft was already sound asleep. John walked on when he heard Greg's door close and focused hard on listening to every little noise coming from behind each individual door. Alarm clocks ticked on bedside tables, children and adults alike babbled in their sleep, pages turned, sheets moved, curtains blew, a glass of water was picked up and put down again, lovers whispered quietly to on another, one by one he eliminated each room, needing only a few seconds to be certain the person behind it wouldn't be Sherlock. At the end of the long hall there was a turn he hadn't expected, hadn't noticed until he'd had to catch himself before falling and the wall had gone on for more than was necessary. A light snore that sounded uncannily like Orabelle greeted his ears and John knew he'd reached the right place. A few silent steps later he pressed down the handle to a door and stole inside.
John lifted himself up until Sherlock could see his torso and rubbed his fingers across it, gathering what Sherlock had left behind. With a small grin he put his fingers in his mouth and sucked them clean. Sherlock's eyes were wide. He lay back down, teasing a hand through Sherlock's hair. They were both sticky with sweat and other things. John got up and strolled towards the ensuite, turning on the shower. He gave Sherlock the most innocent look he could muster when he popped his head out through the door. "You know what would make this shower much more fun?" Sherlock was already halfway across the room. He swept John into his arms. They could shower properly later.
Softly at first, waiting for a response. He pulled away, eyebrow raised inquisitively. He stared for a moment and moved in again, kissing John harder this time, and after his initial shock John was incredibly responsive, pulling the lapels of Sherlock's coat, wanting him closer. Sherlock's brain was firing signals everywhere, saving this new information in the special John room of his mind palace.
Sherlock, when faced with these dreams, could do nothing but wait out the agony. If he happened to be in a drug den when the dreams attack, the first thing he’d do upon awakening is to rummage through what little possessions he had with him at that time and proceed to jam the solution into the hollow of his elbow once more, just so he’d soothe the ache and bid a temporary, if needed, goodbye to the howling tempest that was his brain.
Sherlock nodded sharply and trembled as he pulled the leather from its clasp. John planted a soft kiss to his chest and began to open Sherlock’s, mouth dry as he felt his trousers hit the floorboards moments before Sherlock’s did the same and both men stepped out of them. Clothed in just their drawers there was nothing John could do but touch, eyes flicking between face and chest and the unbelievably arousing sight of Sherlock’s cock outlined in his drawers, the damp spot at the head begging for John’s mouth. Their lips met again and as they pressed together John was incredibly aware that there was but a single layer of fabric separating their erect members.
Before Mycroft could reply however, Sherlock had exited the sleek black car and stepped onto the paved driveway that ended at the doorstep of his childhood home. It was a sprawling area with a well-kept front yard and an even bigger yard hidden behind the house. It was a sea of white everywhere Sherlock could see due to the thickening blanket of snow and he took a moment to breathe in the unpolluted air of the country.
Greg was cold. Bloody freezing actually, as polar winds swept through London with malice and carrying frost to boot. He'd decided long ago that weather, unless extreme and dangerous to his person in general, would never be an acceptable excuse to avoid exercise if he had the time. Since he didn't have work and he wasn't sure if he had Mycroft, he had plenty of time to run. The extensive grounds of Mycroft's home were perfect for it, idyllic forest trails and stony lake front were rather picturesque running spots. It was good to clear his head after a case, and right now his head was filled with anxiety about the state of his maybe nonexistent relationship. He sighed wearily, watching his breath as it curled away from him in smoky tendrils of warm air. He sighed again, it would be really nice to get a week where everything was easy and straight forward for once. Snorting at the ridiculously low likelihood of that ever happening Greg kept his pace up in time with the music blaring in his ears, loud enough to drown out his own thoughts. Ever since he had started working as a beat cop he'd taken great care to exercise as often as possible, the stamina and general fitness were reward enough without even thinking about the physical benefits, and he'd developed a routine that was the same now as it had been years ago, but with some different music choices and new scenery. The forest flew by him as he ran, leaves and twigs cracking underfoot. If he was honest, which he was, he had to admit that the main reason behind his impromptu burst of activity was the absence of Mycroft in the house. It was, after all, Mycroft's home, and at the moment it seemed as if he'd driven the other man out. Not that it would have changed anything if he had, because it was not possible to do anything in the house without thinking of him, Greg hadn't slept in their bed the entire time Mycroft had been away, it was too cold, too quiet without him there. Yes, they'd both had their fair share if nights alone but this was over a fortnight, and communications were down between them, leaving Greg feeling the cold on all fronts (he wondered absently when the other side of the bed had become the empty side in his mind.) Steeling himself for the very real possibility of a callous casting aside by Mycroft was more difficult than he'd anticipated, he mused as he stretched at the lake front, admiring the low blanket of mist that hung over the still lake while warming down. It was a bit shite, but he resigned himself to the fact that the situation was not going to change until Mycroft came back to confront him and probably kick him out. God this was going to be awkward, he could only profess to having truly loved about three partners in his life, a girl he'd dated in Uni, his ex wife and now Mycroft. The girl he'd dated in Uni had simply emigrated to India to teach and never returned, and his wife had been a fiasco, constant work and her tendency to stray just crumbled what had once been a wonderful relationship. Mycroft… They'd just barely begun seeing each other after Sherlock and John finally got together, and apart from being naked, in riding gear or clad in pyjamas Greg hadn't even seen the man out of a suit, but he was invested in this whole heartedly, and now they would part without Mycroft ever knowing that he loved him, regardless of whether he wanted that love or not, and they'd gotten so close too. Greg shook his head as if that would somehow dislodge the thoughts and images flitting across his mind and hopped twice on the spot before sprinting off, heading back to the house to shower.
is to say that I love you" and he pushed Sherlock back onto the bed. It was a great deal of luck that ensured Greg Lestrade never heard a peep, though the neighbours had banged on the wall repeatedly, the cadence of Sherlock's moans and shouts just didn't reach the upstairs room, and if they had, he was dead to the world anyway.
Quiet again aside from the sounds of the sea and the cicada's song. "I'm not... good... at this sort of thing. I don't eh... don't usually see it until it's shoved under my nose... but you... you really do care about me that deeply. I... I don't know... I should say something right?" Sherlock babbled and John turned to him for just a moment, placing a finger over his lips, inwardly revelling at the small inhalation the move elicited.
Moran. The name was heavy on John's tongue, bitter tasting and solid. It pressed down on his lungs, constricting his breathing until he remembered that a panic attack was not something one wants to happen in front of your best mate and partner. Not exactly appropriate to freak out over a dead friend either. He almost laughed at the ridiculousness of the situation. John hadn't had a panic attack since he had met Sherlock and yet, The name. Even the name was enough to incapacitate him completely, shoving him headfirst into a terror. Breathe Watson, breathe. Same techniques as ever, yet it was impossible to breathe, not when the taste of blood in the air was mixed with sand. His PTSD had been triggered by this before, but never so acutely. Quietly he staggered to the wall and slid down it, sticking his head between his knees.
" he gasped, reading and re-reading the irrefutable evidence before him. "Why didn't you tell me?" Clara looked bewildered, but there were tears in her eyes. A part of her already knew. "I didn't want you to worry because I have a plan." John frowned, swallowing down his shock and sadness at this news "Harry there's nothing you can do to change this, it's not going to get better" John said calmly. "I know" she soothed "I know. I'm dying, every second we sit here talking about it
Sherlock froze instantly, scene after scene overwhelming him. "No no no no Sherlock it's ok I'm here I'm fine calm down, breathe for me, in, out, copy my rhythm, in, out, in, out." John's chest expanding and contracting against him was grounding to be sure, but falling into his rhythm was proving difficult, and the fact that objectively Sherlock knew he'd soon be hyperventilating if he didn't match it wasn't helping. Eventually however he managed it, focusing on the solid body against his own. John continued to rock gently back and forth, waiting for calm to fall once more. "I asked if you wanted to talk about it, not relive it. You don't have to do either if you-" Sherlock cut him off.
Two more steps and they were there, and Mummy was kissing his cheek and nestling his hand in John's before walking back to her seat, and all he could do was hold on tight to that hand and stare into John's face and wonder how the love and happiness there could possibly be for him. "You look unbelievable" John whispered as they turned to face the altar, erected so all would be beneath a pair of blossoming trees that had somehow grown into each other to form one. "Dearly beloved, we have gathered here today to witness the..."
,” was heard from nurse Amy, one of the unlucky ones to have encountered Sherlock on the night he was brought in.
He could no longer feel his fingers, his joints were locking up and his remaining oxygen  leaving him in rapid mocking bubbles, out his mouth and nose. He wasn't sure what he would have preferred at that moment: the agonising pain of the stab wound at his side or the almost calming numbness overriding his body. It was almost warm. The surface of the river, rippling with movement, was no longer within reach as he was pulled further into the depths of the Thames.
In the end Sherlock didn't have to text Mycroft because the man appeared on John's armchair miraculously when Sherlock returned from his room. "I'd say I was surprised but you always appear when John gets the shopping. Is it on the off chance that he brings home cake?" Sherlock asked dryly, plopping himself down onto the couch. Mycroft gave him a look "I hear John has fully recovered from last week. I came to see for myself but apparently he's not here." Sherlock glowered at his self satisfied smirk. "I'm thinking of proposing" he said casually, though his stomach had tied itself into a very irritating knot. Even still he craved the approval of his brother. "Proposing what?" Mycroft asked, and Sherlock was dumbfounded once more by the strangeness of them both just as he had been when The woman had supposedly died. "Marriage Mycroft. Proposing marriage to John." The carefully constructed mask Mycroft wore shattered and his eyebrows flew up in surprise. "Really?" Sherlock nodded. "Congratulations brother." Mycroft shuffled in his seat and Sherlock restarted the flow of information he would usually get from people. Dark circles under eyes: late nights, Slight movement of neck: Slept on uncomfortable surface- couch, Mused hair: worry. Problem with Lestrade, caused by Mycroft. Most likely due to being closed off and resorting to insults or indifference to protect own feelings. "We deserve good things too Mycroft, there's nothing wrong with wanting them." Mycroft smiled wryly at him and fiddled with the top of his umbrella. "Thank you Sherlock. Now tell me your plan of action." And he did. By the end Mycroft was smirking and had made arrangements for the first part of his plan. "I'll have an assistant bring them round to you when John is otherwise occupied.I'll bid you adieu then Sherlock. Be in touch." and he slunk off, the door just about closed when Tony, Edgar's grandson arrived. With Sherlock's assistance they maneuvered the table upstairs and settled it into the familiar spot. He was gone almost as soon as he had arrived, and Sherlock sat back, content that his plan was in motion, and texted Molly, telling her he'd be in the morgue tomorrow. He was going to get that advice one way or another.
A\N: Guys I'm sorry its been so long, school work has been crazy and I haven't had a moment to breath recently but I'm not abandoning any of my fics, the updates may be spaced out but I'm working on them whenever I can, so thanks for sticking with me and I hope you enjoy this one! ~S
“Cacophonous? Do I detect a hint of the morning crossword?” Holmes jested, an answering grin lighting up his face as snow covered boots were removed by the door and hat and coat forsaken. He had come back.
John laughed and shook his head, rooting through the piles of paper and wood on the desk and pulling out a small chisel, stood up, knocked a small corner off the lid he'd been carving when Sherlock interrupted and set the thing back down before leaning back against his desk with a wry grin.
Molly though, sweet, intelligent little Molly knew better. "I wore yellow for luck, apparently it's nice for weddings because of that but I wore it for you because... because you look sad when he can't see you and you're thinner now than I've ever seen you, and I know heart ache when I see it. You can do this Sherlock Holmes." For her, just because she knew him almost as well as John (not really, there was no comparison) he dropped the façade, showing how tired he was, the bags under his eyes, his gaunt cheeks, his dead eyes. "Does it go away? This... I don't think I can live like this." he asked, staring at John's retreating back as the tables began to be cleared away. She gave him a weak smile. "Usually? Yes. For you... I don't know Sherlock but I get the feeling it's going to be a while..." Sherlock nodded, grateful for the absence of platitudes. "I composed a piece to perform for hi-them. I don't think he'll even hear it. Look" Sherlock pointed to John, standing with Mary's hand in his "See how he looks at her, like she's all he wants to see for the rest of his life. He won't hear a note, not anymore." Molly's hand slipped into his and she gave a watery smile. "If nothing else, I'll hear. I'll hear every word you play for him." He squeezed the soft hand in his and walked up to take his spot behind the music stand. The floor cleared until it was only the Watson's standing in each others embrace, waiting for him to start.
“My brother is not in the habit of taking care of himself, despite my best efforts. I don't doubt that he will have a return visit - whether or not that will have anything to do with his current problem remains to be seen. Some mountain air, perhaps, will…clear his head.”
Don't worry, he'll know it's there, see we'll walk you down together, I'll snog Sherlock under the mistletoe which he will breathlessly point out afterward, Mycroft will look up, you'll look up, then he'll look at you and you'll look at him and that is where all that courage will have to come in. -J
Every second of silence was torture, another coin in his fountain of melancholy, and then he began to play, squeezing those first notes out, weaving the story of himself, alone and unsure of what his life would be, and then changing as a second set of notes came along and changed the pace, not quite on the same page at first, but suddenly they were and the music swelled, sweet and warm and hopeful, flowing to passionate and full, finally he'd seen everything his future could be with John by his side, and it was beautiful, but a note of discord slithered into the music and it became darker, and two suddenly became one, lonely and aching and raw, desperate for the other half of the tune to return, but knowing it wouldn't. The final note rang through the hall and the crowd that had watched a young couple's first dance applauded and smiled and laughed.
Maybe he should have said something to Sherlock. He should have dropped a hint at least, or tried to find out what Sherlock thought of his soulmate mark, if it mattered to him at all. It would still have been too soon to drop the ball and mention what he saw. The man was so unpredictable that John was now having doubts that Sherlock would readily accept John's claim and be willing to explore their (somewhat a relationship) relationship further.
A heart stopping, soul wrenching kiss, chaste and warm and terrified still, giant hands cupping his face and so desperately loving him sort of kiss. John was overwhelmed by him, by the desperation with which every part of him tried to show John that Sherlock wanted to be his even if Sherlock had never given any clear indication. He was shaking against him, and when they finally broke apart, John rested his forehead against Sherlock's and coaxed him into opening his eyes with a thumb sweeping across his lips, his cheek, his jaw. For this, he wanted his full attention.
. Curls fully loosed, his rose flush high on his cheeks, mouth kiss bitten and plump, the eclipse of his pupils in eyes that shone with wonder and joy and desire, John loved him. Loved him more than life itself. He hoped that this tender feeling was evident in his gaze, as he took Sherlock’s hand and tugged him upwards, each step a step closer to what would become their sanctuary from the paranoia of the London streets. He could see it, a future in secret, certainly, but a future where they could spend their years together without fear of being exposed in this room.
“Oh, hey, Sherlock, glad to see you've finally woken up,” John said, an anxious squeak escaping towards the end of his greeting, trying his hardest to wipe the sleep from his eyes. “How are you feeling?”
"Sherlock, listen, I don't know what exactly is going on with you but if there's anything I can do, anything you need from me, just say the word alright?" John said tentatively to his back as he lay curled up in the couch. It was as if he could see the moment Sherlock's ears pricked up, his interest piqued.
, the pièce de resistance, he had no way of ever contacting him again. This had been his second chance, and he had completely fucked it up. People didn't get third chances in this life.
"If I had known that you... that you loved me as I have loved you... I do not know what I would have done. I am not sure I could have taken it." He trembled, half bare in the light of the fire and John couldn't stand it, to see him so uncertain even with the knowledge of his affections. Slowly he moved his hands upwards to cradle the sharp lines of his face.
He'd pushed Sherlock away, left their tenuous relationship -whatever it was- on a decidedly not -pleasant note when they'd last spoken and then poof, he was gone just like that, mysterious brother figure disappearing into the mist alongside him.
John carded his hands through Sherlock's hair, pleased that he'd not really fussed when John had casually suggested that he would be better off asleep. He was of course, and while he drifted on the couch John was left to pack in peace for the both of them. "Presents are in the back of the wardrobe." Sherlock slurred against the cushions and sure enough a handful of wrapped gifts were sitting at the bottom of it, and John wondered how he'd managed to miss them. With a snort at the thought of Sherlock going gift shopping, he packed those tightly among suits and shirts and closed the suitcase zip with the satisfying sound of metal teeth joining together. Maneuvering Sherlock from the couch down to the car when it arrived was easier than it should have been, the man was so light it was difficult to reconcile the fragility of his body with the rest of him. Again John's mind flashed to thoughts of him as a porcelain doll, beautiful, fragile and pale, angelic in the snowy evening light. Sherlock curled like a child against him, a scene that caused Mycroft's eyebrows to all but fly off his face when Henry opened the car door for them and John slid inside, rolling Sherlock onto his lap for the sake of both of their comfort. John
Molly Hooper was not the kind of girl who just slept - physically slept, with people for the sake of it. Call her old fashioned (everyone did) but she felt there was something unbearably intimate about sharing that with someone, your bedroom; your most private spaces, your escape from the world, you, in your most vulnerable position. People never suspected but if Molly had a one night stand (everyone does at some stage) it was carefully constructed and played out as planned, no exceptions. It would be a shock to anyone that knew her to know that Molly was the one that left in the middle of the night, and she never allowed those men into her home; in part to keep her private life to herself but also to make sure she could leave. Her heart was a fiercely guarded thing, a lesson she had learned to follow long ago.
Sherlock stormed off in the direction of his favourite hideaway spot from when he was still a child. It was actually more of a broom cupboard tucked away at the end of one of the least used corridors in the huge house. Sherlock was small as a child so he had fit perfectly in the tight space. It was where he would hide when he got bored with the many tutors his parents presented him with, and it was also where he would lash out his frustrations when other boys he came across started teasing him about being a
“Hmph,” Sherlock huffed before turning to bury his face into his pillow. “I changed my mind. I don’t want you here unless you have my release papers on hand. Off you go!”
We're just glad there's Setlock to distract ya'll from our horrendous updating schedule. Isn't slow burn fuuuuuunnn? :p
John was a bit surprised. OK, ridiculously shocked. The fact that Sherlock wanted to sleep with him, literally or otherwise, was not something he'd expected. The man was a demon because he was sleep deprived? And now he wanted John to witness and facilitate him during one of the most vulnerable activities he could imagine, he trusted John to do that for him?  The answer was damned obvious.
“John.” He choked on it, the relief of Wats- John’s continued affection a soothing balm for the nerves he had torn to shreds all afternoon waiting like a pirate to receive judgment. Last night had meant something, the risk they had both taken, the way he had felt, the way he still feels (his soul is ravenous for this man.) Even to his own ears he sounded wrecked, a far cry from the humour of only moments earlier.
Trust his brother to get himself into mischief on the day of his child's birth (contingency plan D: early labour coming into play. Unexpected.) and end up entirely uncontactable, and in the back of some criminal's van. Married life had changed very little about Sherlock and John, that much had become increasingly clear over the past few months. "Yes, as soon as we have a pin on them, send whatever we have that's fastest. Gregory will be on hand to provide a gentle amount of police escorting, but one can never be too careful when it comes to childbirth." Mycroft ordered, affecting nonchalance while Lucia smiled brightly at his side. It wouldn't do for his other employees to see in, but Lucia knew how to read him, and his excitement was palpable to her.
Granted it was just food, but that was one of the few things he could do for Mycroft to thank him for everything. It was nice to see him eating something home made, and it was all reduced fat to help with his diet. Pulling up to the door it was clear that Mycroft wasn't home yet. Greg wandered to the kitchen and started dinner, Italian food was a favourite of theirs. He was just grabbing some plates when he heard the door open and the distinctive clack of Mycroft's umbrella on the hardwood floor.
When John got home from the airport (he'd insisted that Sherlock not go, even though he'd only offered to be polite) he said nothing, but Sherlock could tell, he could always tell, and he knew that if it had been him and Mycroft at that airport, he would be a disaster, and they weren't even close. Baker street was rather subdued that night, Sherlock lay back on the couch with John wrapped in his arms in the almost entirely dark room. "Clara decided she'd go too, with Harry." Sherlock held him closer "You follow me on cases." John did, he followed Sherlock into nearly certain death over and over to keep him safe, watch over him, so he wouldn't be alone if he did get hurt. "Thanks." John muttered into the shoulder of Sherlock's shirt, closing his eyes and trying to sleep as Sherlock ran a hand up and down his back. And if, during the night, John was restless and shaking, or if Sherlock could feel the tears that would never see the light of day, neither said anything. He simply held tighter, and hummed melodies into John's ear for hours and hours on end.
Brothers parted ways at the door, Mycroft slipping past him to get to his place, leaving Sherlock to go in alone. The gazeebo was positioned so he wouldn't be able to see a thing until he stepped out of it, Mummy's idea no doubt, and was packed with a line of people already when he arrived. Little Archie as page boy and his cousin Oceana as flower girl chattering happily in the corner, Lestrade and Mrs Hudson arm in arm to the left, Mummy at the very edge with her face stuck out to talk to someone outside, a voice he couldn't distinguish over the general babble of the congregation outside, and a man with a camera snapped a photo here and there before darting away. Sherlock almost thought he recognised the man, but dismissed the thought, he couldn't be sure without seeing his face and that was firmly glued to the other side of the camera.
"That was brilliant. Absolutely brilliant" Sherlock shook his head to clear his ears but he had heard right, this man had said he was brilliant. Something in his stomach was very warm all of a sudden and he smiled at the other man. "That's not what people usually say." The other looked at him with puzzlement in his face "What do they usually say?" Sherlock grinned, the first true smile he'd given in years "Piss off." The army man laughed loudly at that, the chuckling noise adding to the growing warmth in his stomach. "You were right, the army,the orders, the party , the phone, my divorcing alcoholic sister though. Harry is my sister" Sherlock cursed a bit under his breath "There's always something! Sister of course!" The other man just smiled and shrugged "I'm still very very impressed. Iraq, by the way." He said, once again facing out to admire the city. Sherlock could definitely understand that sentiment. London was the only place on Earth he wanted to be, it's packed streets and big Ben were staples of his existence and he didn't like to think that he would ever be away from them too long. He did love London. "I'm John by the way, John Watson." Sherlock rolled the name about in his mouth. John Watson. "Sherlock Holmes." He extended his hand and stared as John took it, the feeling of their palms touching sending millions of electric shocks up his arm and all over his body. John removed his hand and Sherlock had the urge to take it back within his own, rub his thumb across the knuckles and then... But he didn't. Instead he stepped closer and John leaned into him so their bodies were resting against one another.
"My palms are sweaty and while I'd like to hold your hand, this is the next best thing. Problem?" He asked, cheeky grin firmly in place.  Mycroft planted a soft kiss on his cheek.
There was a slowness to Sherlock's thoughts that pointed strongly at something like chloroform or maybe rohypnol, but how would he have ingested.... Sherlock's train of thought trailed off. If this was how it felt to be normal, Sherlock didn't wonder at the fact that the Yard was incapable of solving of crime: Their brains were like warm paste... Wait...The Yard! He should definitely text Lestrade, Sherlock reasoned, Or maybe Mycroft, rummaging in his pockets for his phone, that way someone would come and pick them up, probably with some of those ridiculous shock blankets. He delved deeper into each pocket, his suit jacket, his trousers - Nothing, only some lint and the silk lining. He clearly had underestimated Henry Long, because without a phone, with no idea of where they were, pretty much no brain power to work it out, and John still unconscious, Sherlock was in trouble.
"Here we go" muttered John as he stood facing the elderly man who had introduced himself as Father Martin Harte about ten minutes beforehand.
He listened to the detective inspector before voicing his affirmative and promising to arrive at Lestrade’s office within the next twenty minutes. Spinning on his heel, Sherlock draped his dressing gown on the arm of his chair, threw on his new coat and swept out the door.
." His heart broke for him as he stumbled over words, the burden he had carried and would carry, this truth of himself that could never see the light of day, a cruel irony against a man obsessed with finding the truth. That was nothing compared to what his heart did when his Christian name spilled from his mouth, or when he finally met John's gaze and he could see such fear in him that the level of trust it must have taken for Holmes to reveal this secret, a secret that could see him imprisoned, ruined, castrated, was unbelievable.
John's hands clenched his curls and he returned his mouth to Sherlock's with new vigour. John started thrusting in time with Sherlock and soon they were both shuddering in anticipation. John moved his hands around and stroked Sherlock, it was only a matter of when he came and John had decided that he would hear his name from Sherlock when he did. Picking up the pace he felt Sherlock harden beneath him and moved his mouth to Sherlock's neck. He bit the skin covering his Adam's apple just as Sherlock began to come. "John!" It was strangled but the cry sent John over the edge too. He could feel the release and his eyes rolled back as they collapsed against each other, moaning slightly. John gave Sherlock a sly smile as he lay panting on the bed.
Sherlock's heart activity held steady, everything looked good, but his body showed no signs of stirring. Lestrade and John would exchange reassuring words and leave the private room to focus on anything other than the sleeping consulting detective for a few hours more.
"So, tell me everything I should know about this ball" Sherlock contemplated that for a second. "The Autumn ball my mother hosts has been a Holmes family tradition for six hundred years now, give or take a few years. It takes place at the manor just as all the leaves on deciduous trees change colour. All members of the Holmes family, various gentry and successful people will have been invited and all of them but myself will usually attend. Children are also allowed to be brought to the Autumn ball, it's the most harmless of all the balls that are thrown, and some people do like to present their children to the masses. The ball starts with an hour of socializing followed by the actual dancing part of the evening." John shook his head a little and smirked "You are so upper class it's unreal" Is it an insult or...? "that's a compliment by the way, I quite like it" John winked at him and cleared the table away, wiping buttery hands on his legs. "You will have to wear a suit and tie" Sherlock added. He hated ties, they were so restricting, only useful for choking someone to death. He heard John chuckle "As long as you promise not to choke Mycroft to death in front of your family" Sherlock smirked. John knew him very well indeed.
John rolled his eyes in fond exasperation and opened the front door, wafting delicious scents out into their noses. "You're lucky I'm too happy to be that concerned about the issues I have with you stealing crime scene photos. As for Archie, I trust your judgement in this as in everything else. If you say he's ready, he's ready." Sherlock was still genuinely touched each time John voiced his trust in the detective, he trusted him completely and had done since the day they'd gone on their first case together. John had trusted him enough to believe he wasn't a fake, enough to take his hand and bloody run like hell from the police, enough to put his heart in Sherlock's care, enough to lay his life down if needs be, and wasn't that something wonderful? There was so much he wanted to say, but nothing was coming out until he stopped trying to say all that sentiment wrapped stuff and softened his expression into a small smile. "I'm happy too." John's hip bumped against his own. "I should hope so, after all we're getting married in the morning. Ah, look here comes the hen party." Sure enough Mummy and Mrs Hudson were rushing down the hall to meet them with big grins on their faces. Sherlock caught John's eye and they both burst into laughter.
"Shhshhshhh stop thinking. You were incandescent love, but now I think we both could use some sleep. Come with me, we'll deal with everything else tomorrow, right now I just want to feel your skin against mine and know that this is real, this is our future no matter what happens. To everyone outside of that front door you will be Holmes, the most intelligent detective I work with and occasionally write about for the paper, and though I might wish to claim you in front of the entire world, none will be the wiser about the nature of our relationship. Even if the worst does come love, the ends of the earth, prison, God himself couldn't keep me from you now." And Sherlock, wrapped up in a blanket of his arms and soon after in his sheets, believed him.
“Oxygen deprivation, to the degree Sherlock has experienced it, can have some lasting effects. It's possible that there won't be any at all, but we have to be prepared for the reality that Sherlock may experience any of a broad range of mental difficulties when he wakes up.” Lestrade paled and flopped back against the wall, mouth hanging open in some grotesque parody of words that refused to form.
Sherlock did not come prepared with presents for anyone, however, considering that he had been busy with the case and did not expect to be seeing his family for Christmas. His parents waved it off with a tight embrace from each, his mother simply saying “You're home for Christmas. It's enough of a present for us darling,” and in return, they presented him with a heavy, decidedly-not-small box complete with ribbon on top.
He'd been careful not to allude to anything all day, although the temptation to watch him puzzle it out had been immense. In fact he'd barely acknowledged the date at all, a small gift of a new shirt and tie from Mrs Hudson forced him to say happy birthday but apart from that he'd been studiously ignoring the significance of the day.
He cleared his throat "So Callum how old are you?" Callum held up four fingers, eyes trained to the floor. "Wow, are you sure you're only four? You seem so much bigger than a four year old. Do you have any brothers or sisters?" John inquired lightly and was relieved at the slight shake of his head, even if it dislodged the thermometer somewhat. "That's cool, I bet your parents spoil you rotten" There it was again, fear. Over whelming terror. Now he was worried, the first one he could write of as a fear of doctors or injections but that was blatant. He was afraid of his parents. There was a loud beep and he looked at the numbers, reading the high fever in an instant. It looked like Callum had the flu, but he wanted to do a full check up just in case. Better safe than sorry. "Callum can you take off your shirt for me, I want to listen to your heart and lungs properly." The boy stiffened beside him and looked up with tear filled eyes, bright brown orbs that made John feel horrible. "I... I'm not supposed to. Daddy says it's against the rules." John braced himself for what he was about to see. "It's okay Callum, you can show me. I won't hurt you, I promise." The slip of a boy bit his lip, clearly torn as to what to do. "Just do what he asks Cal, you'll be in trouble if you don't" finally the girl at the door chimed in and clearly Callum didn't want to be in trouble because he unzipped his jacket carefully and held his arms in the air. Gently John tugged his t-shirt up and over his head, holding back the grimace at the sight that revealed itself. His entire left side was covered in bruises at various stages of healing and his arms were no better, the outline of two hands molded into the soft skin. What he really payed attention to were the protruding ribs and flat stomach. "Callum" he began, so softly that the only person who would hear was the boy "when did you last eat?" He looked confused, like John was some sort of alien to ask. "Last week. If I'm good and follow the rules Daddy might give me more in a few days." John felt sick, so much so that he had to close his eyes and compose himself for a minute. "You can put your
Sherlock went perfectly still for a minute, using his extensive knowledge of London to find a shop,giving John the chance to stare at him for a bit. He really was like a marble statue, and if he didn't have clothes on there was no reason people would think he wasn't one besides his hair. It amazed him still that they were together. "Got it!" That was it and they were snaking through the streets, dodging through crowds of people and cars, twisting through back alleys until they were deep into the heart of London town. These streets were quieter, cobbled, the whole place had an air of olden times, like it had been transported straight from the Victorian era to the 21st century. It was breathtaking, and the people who roamed the streets were dedicated, they all knew precisely where they were going. Sherlock seemed at ease, more so than he did almost anywhere else. The winding street eventually opened out into a shop lined avenue and Sherlock turned in, pushing through the door of a nameless building. John followed tentatively, blinking hard as his eyes got used to the dark of it after the brightness of the street.
“Oh, you mean Dishy McDrips on your floors? He was soaked through, poor bugger, heard he jumped in the Thames after Holmes. Last I saw he was getting some dry scrubs, a coffee, and a warming blanket, try the next corridor along.”
The first five minutes in the café were awkward, with Sherlock staring at Mary and Mary staring at Sherlock, the odds were really not looking to be in their favour, but sure enough after Sherlock finished the spewing of everything he'd deduced as had become his custom, Mary had laughed and offered her hand for him to shake. "Mary Morstan, I always knew you'd look better without the hat. I also might have read your blog before coming here." Both men's eyebrows had risen at that "I liked the essay about perfume. Ash... not so much." Sherlock's lip twitched upwards as he shook the offered hand. "Sherlock Holmes. I told John people read my blog." and that had been that, ice broken.
“That Holmes kid? Nah-ah, don't give me that look! You've been quieter since he was discharged last week. More lost in your thoughts, to the point that I'm beginning to wonder if we're ever gonna get to end of this surgery right here,” Paula smirked, glancing down at the patient on the operating table.
Sherlock grimaced as his mother made a beeline for them and grabbed John's hand. "Hello mummy, this is John, John this is my mother Constance Holmes" Mrs Holmes surveyed him with piercing eyes and nodded vaguely. "Yes you'll do quite nicely. I think I might like you Dr. John Watson, after all you did convince my son to attend. Speaking of attending Sherlock you know you must dance with your aunt Isabella, she does get so offended if you don't. Come along, John will be fine I dare say" John smiled reassuringly and patted Sherlock's hand as he was dragged away.
"Ah... sorry about that." He said as John methodically stretched his hand and cracked his knuckles back into position.
"Thank you Miss Hooper, if anything interesting comes in, well you know where to find me." She scurried off down the corridor and Mike lead the way through to the workshop.
Sherlock felt a hand slip into his and squeeze tightly. He squeezed back, as stupid as it was, now that they were on the cusp of this moment he was bloody nervous. "You ready?" she asked as she rolled the wand along Mary's abdomen. John, already hand in hand with Sherlock took Mary's hand in his right. Three sets of lungs held their breath. For a minute, nothing. And then "Thumpthump,thumpthump,thump thump."
“Now who does that leave?” John continued, face slowly turning red with exasperation. “The doctors and nurses here, right? But no, your brother had to be himself and scare everyone off. He didn't quite manage to chase me away though, so yes, I thought, hey, you know what, I might be his only friend while he's here, so why not make it so he only has to concern himself with the one person he actually tolerated, who’d do anything within his means to ensure Sherlock was never lonely or in want of anything? You tell me now why I can't possibly sacrifice my time to be that friend? Or are you that mistrustful of those who only wish the best for your little brother?”
Greg gripped his gun as Sherlock opened the stairwell door and stepped soundlessly downward, avoiding every creaking step. Greg followed in his footsteps, hoping that the rest of the plan went as smoothly as this had. Sherlock had thought up five scenarios that ended in the gruesome death of one Sebastian Moran but none of them were feasible with Lestrade there. Even using John's gun would be frowned upon, but hopefully he'd turn a blind eye because it was John who had been injured. He wondered what Lestrade would say if he found out about the true identity of the Cabbie's murderer. At least Sherlock knew John. At the time John had known next to nothing about him and yet a man had died for even attempting to harm basement was even colder than the rest of the building and the windowless rooms all connected to each other. Sherlock flicked off the torch, mapping the compound in his head instead. John would be in the last room.
The good doctor -in all honesty, the only doctor he could stand to have around- had abruptly left his bedside without a word the other day. That same night, Sherlock was moved into a private room on another floor, left alone to sound his frustrations into the still, lonely air.
John cracked an eyelid and burst out laughing at the sight that greeted him. What had started out as a game where they were trying to guess what name was on a post it attached to their heads had ended up with the two of them scribbling on each other like they were eight years old, getting in the bath with no water, pretending to be pirates, deciding they were hungry, reheating some left overs and then, clearly, falling asleep in them. Sherlock was lying staring right back at him with hair full of pasta and a face full of sharpie. "I trust we're never speaking of that again?" he said, voice hoarse from shouting down a man who'd contested his knowledge of ash at the fourth club they'd gone to. John grinned "Which bit? The bit where you danced around Mycroft calling him a chicken for not trying new things and pushed him into the writhing mass on the dance floor? Or maybe the part where you, Greg and a few people we bumped into from the yard did body shots? Or could you possibly be talking about the part where you decided the girl who was, I admit lazily, dancing around a pole in a cage was doing it 'wrong' and you shoved her out, stole her heels, popped them on, got in yourself and showed off some pretty intense skills on that pole?" Sherlock made a face like he was trying to forget and nodded furiously, which made John giggle even harder as pasta shells fell out of his curls. "Whatever you want dancing queen. Now, to the shower, and then your Mother's."
The surprise on John's face when he saw the place full of his friends was priceless, and he turned to Mrs Hudson for an explanation whom simply nodded her head in Sherlock's direction, and suddenly he was surrounded by John, crushed up against him for a few brief seconds, just long enough to get a whiff of his hair and feel the heat of him sear to his bones. It was over before he could react himself, arms hanging limply at his sides blinking owlishly at the gesture as John moved into he room to greet his guests. Sherlock swallowed the lump in his throat and realised quite abruptly just how far gone he truly was.
than before) against the wall of the canteen a few hours later equated to a goodbye. It had, in a way, been a goodbye.  John had been shot the next week and James had to deal with his grief in the only way he knew how - fighting harder. John, at least, understood that.
He'd swear he could feel Sherlock's puzzled gaze on the back of his head as he fled. Walking briskly towards the empty waiting room at the end of the corridor, he then slumped heavily into a chair.
It was crystal clear to him now what had happened, and he wanted to cry. Clearly Sherlock had come back for him only to witness the whole mistletoe debacle and get the entirely wrong impression. John didn't even
John had to work, even though there was a case on. "I can't just leave them hanging Sherlock, not again. At this rate I'll lose my job because I'm always coming when called. I love the cases, I do, but I kind of need a steady source of income to, you know, live?" he explained hurriedly, chewing on jam covered toast and pulling on his jacket. He did seem genuinely disappointed that he couldn't go with Sherlock today. Sherlock was not feeling better because he felt guilty. Nope, not at all. "Go then, but this one is interesting, At least a seven." Sherlock finally spoke from his curled up position on through couch and he could almost hear John's responding smile. He listened to the footsteps bringing John over to him and smirked as he planted a quick kiss on his cheek. "I'll be back this afternoon, it's only a half shift really. Text me if you're not home and I'll meet you okay?" John added unnecessarily, Sherlock would be texting him through out the day and they both knew it. Sherlock rolled over to face him and kissed him gently "See you later John." John grinned and walked away "See you later Sherlock."
Sherlock thinks to himself as he watches, waiting to see whether John moves his hand down again : Coffee, or does not : Call. When he doesn't move an inch, Sherlock smirks to himself.
It had been months since everything had settled, months since John had finally been able to come home. The fragility of those first few weeks had only been broken by Sherlock’s birthday, and John’s oddly touching (but then again, Sherlock would have found just about any reminder that he was still
John got up, taking the opportunity to stretch and pop the few stiff joints in his body from earlier. With a determined air, he strode along the corridor to the nurses’ station, keeping his eye out until he spotted the man he wanted to see.
The staff he knew that were around (Helen, Tony, Andrew, Cathy, Marie, Dan and of course, Mary) were equal parts grouchy and jovial, bickering and joking playfully with each other as the day wore on. Even the most hard hearted of people couldn't help but crack a grin as Dan belted
As much as he loved his current job as a A&E doctor, John craved for more. He wasn't getting any younger, and now that the army was no longer an option, he was burning with the need to occupy his lonely self with a worthwhile distraction. Preferably one that provided a constant stream of adrenaline
Against all odds, John was having a fairly good time. Yeah, he was working on Christmas day with next to no staff and patients few and far between, but those that did arrive were generally very apologetic about the burn/cut/idiocy that had brought them to A&E in the first place so he couldn't really complain.
John could only shake his head minutely. The feeling of seeing someone dear lose themselves in a poisonous lifestyle only struck too close to home, with him having an older sister who preferred to drink herself into a stupor every other night. The phrase ‘you can't save them all’ whirled around in his mind, always did when these types of cases came along - he couldn't help thinking first of Harry and his inability to change her and then of the countless other lives he'd witnessed be  destroyed, or worse, ended, by addiction. This man was just a few of years younger than he was, and even though he was used to this story, it left him feeling a little heavier as he walked away, leaving instructions to call him when (it was
Mycroft paused for breath, and Greg waited in silence, feeling fear creep up in his stomach as he realised where the story might be going. "In public, Sherlock was nothing. Less than nothing. Sebastian would physically recoil at the sight of him, call him a freak. Sherlock, for the life of him, could not figure out why he was doing that. He had no idea what a relationship was supposed to be like. He never questioned it which was ultimately his downfall"
Each step was executed to perfection certainly, but there was none of the depth of emotion that the music had in the movements. The transitions from White swan to Black were almost unnoticable, as if he didn't quite know how to portray seduction in the blatant manner the Black swan would have and somehow even with John right there at his disposal he ignored the fact that this was a pas de deux, not instructing as to what John would be doing at any given moment, just dancing. Perfectly, but without that sparkle that made a good dancer great. He finished and John rubbed the back of his neck. "Maybe try to just... Go with it. You don't have to calculate every blink, just feel the music, the depth of it and go again for me." Sherlock gave a wooden nod and repeated what he had done before.
“I could think of no other way to spend the rest of my life than with you as my closest companion, a friend and lover all in one infinitely undeserved blessing.” Tentatively Sherlock encircled John’s sturdy hips in his hands and held him close.
Sherlock barely registered that John was moving him, propping his torso up and shimmying back against the wall before pulling Sherlock against him, sitting with Sherlock between his legs and holding him, soothing himself more than anything. John knew he shouldn't have left for the relief trip angry, but Sherlock had been ignoring him. The lack of mobile coverage in Somalia had been a struggle, but useful too. John couldn't imagine he would have been able to avoid telling his flatmate that he was in love with him via text just to avoid the turmoil he had gone through not knowing if it was all one sided. He had come home early to do just that. To tell him. "I love you Sherlock, even if you don't love yourself. I'm here. I will always come back. Always." He whispered into the dark curls against his shoulders. "I will fight for you" he murmured, knowing that it would be a fight to contain this relapse. Sherlock had was still out of it, John could almost see his mind working."Most importantly, I will wait." John wiped a stray tear off his face. And he waited.
"That" Sherlock growled and pointed at the lipstick stain on John's cheek "is the problem." Sherlock pushed John's head back against the wall. "No one but me gets to do that. If I have to mark you I will. You are mine. Understand?" Sherlock hissed, teeth grazing over John's back Adams apple. "M." Now his tongue was flicking tentatively over the skin "I." His lips were sucking hard at John's neck, making him shudder and cry out sweet nothings into the night "N." Slender fingers threaded their way through blonde hair and tugged lightly "E." Soft pink lips met his, the hungry movement contrasting the softness perfectly. "MINE." Sherlock snarled and all John could do was gasp and nod because Sherlock's hand had slithered into his trousers against a wall in an alleyway and dear lord they were going dancing again.
"Aside from that. Nerves are quite common. I hear you're to make a speech." Sherlock nodded and looked unsure of himself for just a moment and Mycroft, being a Holmes, took that second and read all he was supposed to in it. "Worry not brother dear, you'll already be legally married by then, nothing you could possibly say that would change that. Enough of this, we're made of sterner stuff I think. Come along, I want to see the suit I des- had tailored for you." They rose and Sherlock gave his brother a rare smile "I'd recognise that stitch pattern anywhere, no matter who does it or what it's on I always see the knees of my school trousers." He was glad Sherlock turned away when he did because he needed a minute to compose himself. Damned weddings and their sentimental folly and heightened emotions.
Anywho! Your comments and criticisms are always appreciated, With that I say morning (or goodnight or good afternoon depending on where you are...) ~S
Fouetté - A whipping movement in which the body turns in the direction of the working leg as it passes in front or behind leg.
You two will be the last to leave, Sherlock says so anyway, and hopefully you'll have mustered your courage by then because you'regoing to need it -J
To most people the little trinkets he had stashed would seem like just that - trinkets. They would not understand why the red dog collar was worn through by a small thumb, or the reason a small paper airplane made out of sheet music for Les Mis had been glued to the underside of the lid. How could anyone see the value in the scratched lense of an ancient magnifying glass, or the small collection of drawings and childhood scrawl that made up his first foray into the world of deduction? Or understand the purpose a matchbox and a box of Marlborough reds -both empty - could have in a box like this, full of the memories of a childhood that ended far sooner than it should have. His first win at a science competition, a bee preserved in amber, a birthday card he had meant to give, but didn’t end up giving, a series of coded messages.
“Extraordinary as always, Sherlock. Tell me, do you have any… gaps in your memory? Any period of time in the last month or so that you can no longer recall?” They were silent as Sherlock considered this for a moment or two.
. There was a replica of this box inside his mind palace of course, - and he had filled it with more objects of significance to him in there -but the physical act of opening it, smelling that familiar scent, they calmed him, soothed the raw edges of him like almost nothing else.
John grinned slyly "Well at least I know what we're getting them for Christmas" Sherlock took on a look of confusion. "What on earth do you mean John?" John looked from one man to the other and smirked "We're getting them each other!" Sherlock rolled his eyes and seemed to have sobered considerably. "I am all for that John honestly, anything to make them as happy as I am with you. He may be my arch enemy but I do not begrudge him, them, any happiness they could find together, but how, exactly, do you plan on doing that?" he said seriously. John just tapped his nose and pointed to the doorframe. "Mistletoe." Sherlock smiled proudly at his doctor and kissed him softly, the briefest flutter of lips, before motioning him to take charge of the plan. John whipped out his phone and tested Greg.
A/N: When I started this story I didn't really expect it would go this way but what can ya do? The pov can be a bit confusing but hopefully you can kind of tell who's telling what.
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply briskly, of course he was alright, what else would he be? But was forced to close it again when the words refused to come out. In his pause he could feel the concern building in his Dad, the confusion he was feeling evident on his face (he had made a promise long ago not to hide behind his masks here, and sometimes he tried to keep it.) So when he finally did answer, it was only a surprise to him to realise it.
he love John? He had barely managed more than a single civil conversation with the man, and they were so different on so many levels, but there was emotion there, attached firmly to the idea of John being something for him to unravel, to strip bare and put back together again. John could do that for him too, he already seemed to be remarkably astute at reading Sherlock, and maybe he would be amenable to Sherlock's affections.
“I don't want to lecture you any more than you want to hear my lecture, but seriously Sherlock. I'm sticking my neck out for you around here and drugs, of any sort, really jeopardizes this position for us both.”
Sherlock could only glare at him. There were a million other things he would rather be doing at that moment, and conversing with his brother was not one of them. Neither was wasting his life away confined to a hospital bed. He had a case to investigate and suspects to tail. He was simply not fond of asking his brother for help, but needs must, and he simply had to get out of the hospital as soon as possible.
“Exceptional” Watson interjected “As always Holmes, truly exceptional.” He would be remiss in his duties as assistant if he did not pay the compliments that had come to define their friendship, and it would be a grievous falsehood to deny that he himself derived pleasure from the reaction his attentions received. The flush that overcame Holmes’ face at each ejaculation was very comely, and served as a reminder that despite his attestations to the contrary, the detective did indeed possess a great many emotions.
"Well, first there was a bit about how this is an extreme reaction, and perhaps I said something along the lines of understanding the want of revenge but that butchering another man in this fashion--" Holmes leapt to his feet and grinned, clapping his gloves hands together.
Christmas arrived startlingly quickly, dropping onto the residents of baker street with a soft whisper of snow and the smell of mulled wine wafting upwards from Mrs Hudson's. Harry's death meant that John was the last of the Watson's left, and that realisation brought an unprecedented level of melancholy to the holiday season for him. "It's silly I know" he'd sniffed into Sherlock's shoulder during one of his weaker (mildly tipsy) moments "but I'm missing the stupid fights, me telling her off for being an idiot and her giving out to me for being such an interfering bastard." Sherlock, having avoided Christmas with the family for the last six years, knew that he was not going to get away with that this year, not now that Mummy could show off his new relationship. The society types that the Holmes family dealt with wouldn't read anything as trivial as a blog, so their knowledge of his engagement was likely to be nonexistent. As it was he got the feeling that John would prefer to be around people this year, anything to take his mind off the sibling he'd lost. Sherlock couldn't deny that he understood the way John was feeling. Loath though he was to admit it, if the same were to happen to Mycroft he'd be devastated. Mycroft had been integral in his young life, the only time (apart from now) that he could remember being truly content. Certainly they argued, and out-doing the other was a pastime that they had down to an art, insults were a given, but beneath it all was a fierce loyalty and kinship that meant they would protect each other - always (Well, almost. The Moriarty debacle was a black spot on the record but in honesty Sherlock had forgiven it already.) He soothed John whenever he deduced his love needed the comfort of his presence, proud that he was the only thing that would make John's shoulders relax, the person he would sink back against or clutch tightly.
Wordlessly Sherlock sank into the couch. John cleared his throat before pouring the drinks and handing one over. Sherlock downed his and felt the burn as it slid down his throat and watched John do the same. "Ok. I've been thinking that we probably shouldn't be doing everything in front of a camera especially for the first time, so we should probably start out here and then move to there when we're both a little more comfortable right?" John looked at Sherlock for affirmation that he wasn't alone in thinking this would be difficult enough without involving a camera from the get go. "That seems logical, what do you propose we do then?" John moved slightly closer and angled his body into Sherlock's. He put his hands softly on Sherlock's cheeks, moving their faces closer to together. "This" he whispered, closing the distance between them and planting his lips on Sherlock's. It was a shock at first but Sherlock began to move too, nipping softly at John's lower lip and running his tongue along the seam. John opened his mouth happily and Sherlock was tasting him, Tasting what John would taste like.
For a man of perfect eloquence, Sherlock found himself at a total loss of words, until with a guilty heart, he stepped forward into his parents’ embrace. He had not been an easy child to raise, always hard-headed and finding himself losing friends more than he was gaining them. Yet through it all, his parents have provided steadfast support and constant love and it is with this coat that they have come to terms with the man Sherlock has turned out to be, flaws and all.
John handed Greg his glass and set the other two within reach of Sherlock and Mycroft before taking the bottle out of their hands and starting on Sherlock's back with a practiced hand.
"Do I look different to you?" John asked Sherlock as they sat side by side at dinner in the rec hall, close enough to talk privately but not close enough to be suspicious. Sherlock raised a brow at him.
His mother was the first to go. No note, not even a goodbye, and she was up and gone one random morning. John wasn't sure if his mother ever loved he and his sister like he thought she did, if it was that quick for her to abandon them. By that point of time, Harry had already been a lost cause, caught dabbling in underage drinking. She would be gone from home days at a time, leaving John to bear the brunt of his father's frustrated, drunken antics.
John is much less careful with his own disrobing, tearing waistcoat and shirt and shoes until they stood, chests bared and hearts racing. With gentle hands, John reached out for Sherlock’s hand, leading it to his belt and reaching for Sherlock’s own. “Alright?”
"It's just how it is I suppose. They were all raised to be big players in the world, most of them since before they were even born had their whole would mapped out for them and the constant learning is the path they take to get to their ultimate goal. I'd say they are bored and half of them are probably just as lonely as Sherlock was. Mycroft got the brain-mouth filter, that gave him a chance at least to make friends, Sherlock didn't and he couldn't learn it so in the beginning he really just didn't understand why everyone he ever met hated him... It makes for a lonely life if you can't learn to make your way in this family. Their parents are all constantly busy and though they have siblings in most cases it almost makes it worse because then it's a competition to be the best and get some little bone thrown to you from your parents. It's bad, but it's just the way it works for most of them. When Sherrinford and Aurora get here though you'll see the eh, grey sheep of the family. Sherlock can't be beaten for that black sheep crown. Greg?" He'd already begun to move across the room before she'd even finished speaking. Seeing as all the Holmes' were already ignoring him, he might as well give them a reason. Greg crouched down next to the two five year olds, twin boys with big brown eyes and chestnut hair and began to speak.
John waved goodbye to Greg and Mycroft as they walked to the guest house , leaving him alone with Sherlock at the door to the villa. Hand in hand, they moved through the house in silence, John leading them both through darkened room after darkened room and out the back of the building to the pool that overlooked the city, shining blue from its depths and inviting them in. With no fanfare, John toed off his sandals and stripped his t-shirt away, holding his audience of one utterly captivated.  Once the shorts were gone and he was naked as the day he was born, John turned to give Sherlock a little smirk before diving in quietly and swimming leisurely to the other side.
"Remind me to tell you again how fascinating you are John. Fathomless depths." Sherlock smiled as John strode onward toward the door, the door that sprung open to reveal Lestrade, who had pretty much never looked happier to see them.
“Mind explaining to me why three quarters of my nursing staff are in tears right now Sherlock? Because I’m having a hard time understanding why you felt the need to antagonize the people that are trying to help you.” Sherlock scowled up at him and gestured at the mainly unconscious patients surrounding him.
"Anything? You're willing to give me free reign to ask anything I desire of you? Are you sure that's wise?" Sherlock asked archly, face still stuffed in cushions. He wasn't wrong, but John was fairly certain that Sherlock wouldn't ask him for something that he wouldn't be willing or able to give.
"And who knows" she chirped as she pulled the zip closed on the last bag. "Maybe it'll be a handsome fellow who'll snap you up!" Sherlock raised his head from the cushions just to give a withering glare and Mrs Hudson chuckled. An experience to say the least.
Sherlock did not like flying. At all. That's not to say he didn't appreciate the complexity of the invention of a contraption that allowed humans to cover great distances through the air, he just didn't enjoy the reality of hurtling through the sky in a metal deathtrap with two or three likely incompetent people piloting it. He  avoided it at all costs, but this case had been an important one for a good friend, an only friend, and how could he refuse to help her when she needed him? The 14 hour journey to Florida had been awful, but tempered somewhat by Mrs Hudson's calming presence at his side. The return journey however, was going to be an unmitigated disaster, as evidenced by the two hour delay and the fact that a hoard of friendly American tourists kept giving his whiskey the side eye even though he'd produced an id for the bartender that proved he was 24 and old enough to drink if he so chose. They also assumed that Mrs Hudson was his mother, a story she wasn't denying and he wasn't bothered to get involved with.
He kissed him, warm and languid, slipping both of their bodies free of clothes that had become a cage, trapping both of them in their most put together selves, the pieces of their truth they shared with the rest of the world. This softness, this care would never see the light of day in London, but here, here it could breathe again.
Sorry in advance for how hard it's going to be to figure out who's speaking towards the end of the chapter but there was nothing I could really do...
The door closed with a quiet pop and soon after Sherlock's phone chimed in with Irene's voice. John pushed himself up and off of Sherlock with a shudder "First Anderson now that noise, there are some things that I just can't do to you with those images in my brain. " Sherlock laughed and propped himself up "We have all day for that and I'd be much obliged if mine was the only face you think of while you 'do things to me' and for the record I don't have a preference, either way is fantastic" John winked at him knowingly and handed him his phone. After reading quietly Sherlock snorted. "It's from Lestrade. A heads up would have been nice Sherlock, I did not need to see that. Though the look on their faces was priceless, I got a few photos of them for you, wedding present maybe You certainly have a way with shocking people, but congratulations to you both and I better be invited to the wedding. I'll loose the baboons in your stead just this once. And next time you're 'busy' (I realise now what you meant) just don't pick up the phone. Please.-G" John groaned and covered his face with his hands "I won't be able to look him in the eye for days!" He groaned, flopping into his armchair and pulling out his phone with a reluctant sigh.
Sherlock said nothing, did nothing, if John didn't know better he'd have said the man wasn't even breathing. As fast as his legs would carry him John was across the room, pulling the switch and blinking hard as the brightness burned after so long in the dark. When his eyes adjusted, Sherlock was halfway out the door.
With that, Greg rung off and started texting Mycroft to check the CCTV for his wayward brother and his husband. They couldn't have gotten far.
Sherlock could feel the fact that John thought he was beautiful, each soft caress of his stomach, his hip, his arms the kisses, hot and lovely that peppered his back as John pushed into him, leaning against the wall of the shed in an approximation of their first night. If kissing him was electric, having him inside of him was like an explosion, completely overwhelming but for the fact that John was holding him, pressed against his back and anchoring him to the earth with his hands and his breath and his unrelenting pursuit of Sherlock's pleasure. He loved him, had loved him for what John said felt like forever, would love him for what actually was forever, and though Sherlock wasn't quite sure why that was, he knew undeniably that he loved John too. When he came it was to the sound of John's carefully whispered love confession in his ear and the knowledge that John wasn't far behind.
John stares at the man before him, then at the offending papers, and back again. The uppermost piece of document contained the name of an institute John had not heard of in his lifetime. One word stood out though.
When he eventually returned to the outside world John was on the verge of waking. Noiselessly Sherlock glided to the kitchen and turned on the kettle. Mrs Hudson had snook in while they had been in bed because the fridge was bursting with food. John had a particular liking for her stews so he selected one of them and heated it while stirring the tea. Sherlock was glad for the second time that day that they had gravitated to his bedroom over John's. While he had good balance, he did not want to test that while carrying a tray laden with hot things up a stairs. John yawned and stretched out briefly before wincing almost imperceptibly and rolling away to make room for the other, who left the tray down on the bedside table. Sherlock stretched out beside him and then pulled the tray between them. "I get tea and everything! Ladies and gentlemen you have the privilege of witnessing a historic event, the great Sherlock Holmes has made me tea, and this time he hasn't tried to poison it! You haven't right?" John laughed, addressing a nonexistent crowd. "It was for the case John! Besides it wasn't the sugar anyway and I remember it being coffee. Now eat the stew Mrs Hudson made, it should be the correct temperature at this stage..." In the blink of an eye, Sherlock had one pale finger immersed in the bowl of stew, the next second it was in his mouth with all the juice being licked off.
"Holmes. Sherlock Holmes." Watson tossed his rag on the desk in the corner and threw himself down onto a chair, gesturing for his guest to do the same.
John looked down at the man in his lap with a question in his eyes. Sherlock gave a small nod and John began. "Well when we got home there was a case already waiting for us and that was our first port of call. Do you want to hear about it because it's not particularly pleasant..." John trailed off and it was Mrs Hudson who encouraged him to continue. "The whole story dear" and he kept going. "Right, well basically the murderer was killing people who used to be in my platoon in Afghanistan. Sebastian Moran was his name and he had a grudge against me. Anyway seeing as we knew who the killer was we couldn't really do much else except wait for him and I was exhausted so Sherlock brought me home and put me to bed before leaving to fill in paper work for Lestrade. Moran arrived while he was gone, knocked me out and took me to a closed mental hospital basement. He set up some cameras, hacked the feed into cctv for Mycroft and Sherlock to watch and er... Took out some of his frustrations on me we'll say. Sherlock figured out where I was and he and Greg came, killed Moran and brought me to hospital. We stayed there for a few days and then went home again when I realised Sherlock had destroyed our table. Again." Sherlock beamed innocently up at him and he chuckled, stroking his cheek.
