By the way Dean stared back at him, eyes pinned to him as if Cas was his next meal, he didn’t think Dean minded.
“Very poorly, if I remember,” Cas replied, “I couldn’t even help realize that it was Gadreel in Sam’s body.”
The door to the bar slammed open, causing Dean to jump back in an instant and retrieve his beer bottle from where he placed it off the ground, a move performed so eloquently that this incident must have happened to him before. When the patrons stepped out of the bar, they were met with a smirking Dean wishing them a good night and a flustered Cas who for the life of him couldn’t control, well, anything. He didn’t know how Dean was relaxing against the wall when just a few moments before they had almost been…
Cas responded back with a: “Thank you again and make sure to wash his hands. They get sticky very fast :)”
“—better it looks on me!” Jack was just finishing his play-by-play of Cas’s comment when he arrived at the counter. Jack’s face just reached over the counter, so Matt grabbed the candy dish displayed by the register and handed it to Jack instead of having him try hopelessly to reach it. Jack picked a bubblegum flavored lolly pop and continued his one-sided conversation as Matt couldn’t get an edge in wordside with Jack this exuberant. Cas knew he would be conked out in the back of the Impala as soon as they hit the road. “Can you believe that?!”
“Very much, yes,” Cas replied earnestly, and watched greedily as the tips of Dean’s ears turned pink. He was cut off by his viewing experience when Dean leaned forward and hid his face into the crook of Cas’s neck, lipping at his collar-bone and letting out a satisfied sigh. Cas knew they had more to talk about, they had a kid to talk about, but for now it was nice. He put an arm around Dean’s waist and drew him in, feeling Dean’s bare chest against his own and grounding him into the present. Dean continued fiddling with Cas’s hair, and he could feel Dean smile.
So now he had very vibrant and expensive products, but Cas still didn’t know what to do with them. The backside of them merely spouted off information on their ingredients which he already figured out when he tasted them earlier and… okay he’s not going to go into tha—Anyway.
So, shorter hair as to not add extra square footage to where flames could flick and spark off his son’s body, very much agreeable to Cas.
“Okay,” Cas replied, watching as Dean’s shoulders finally reclined down from his neck, “I won’t. But Dean,” he stressed, “I don’t have much of my grace anymore. How can I be of help to you and Sam here?” Dean looked affronted by Cas’s question.
“I do have to ask though,” Dean started again, content against Cas’s shoulder and looking drowsy again, “why do you care so much about your hair now? I mean, don’t get me wrong. It’s fucking awesome, splendid, my fantasy come to life. But, like, does it mean something to you?”
“It just “hit me” as you say, that I fell in love with someone absolutely incredible and someone who is so much smarter than what they give themselves credit for.” Dean’s eyes widened at that, and he couldn’t hide the flush of scarlet fast enough across his face even when hiding from Cas’s eyes. Cas gave a small laugh.
“I don’t have any “holy goodness or whatever” going on,” Cas quipped, gaining a small smile from Dean when he used his hands to showcase the quotation marks, “I’m just me, someone who cares about your wellbeing and happiness and wants things like everyone else.” That was a lie; Cas just wanted one thing.
“I wanted to say, firstly, how much you mean to me and Jack.” Cas swallowed, fiddling with the lip of the popcorn bowl on his lap. “Everything you’ve done to allow me and him to stay means—it means quite a bit actually.” He gave a self-deprecating laugh, cutting it off quickly and still not meeting Dean’s eyes, instead looking over his shoulder. “With, with both Heaven and Hell wanting to kill one or both of us at some point and telling me that I can stay despite and my fading grace and the watering can and—”
That said, Cas had asked Dean for assistance in obtaining a satisfactory outfit. It was both an actual, serious request and also a way to wear Dean’s clothing again; he missed the simple fabric and the way Dean’s clothes smelled like Hennessey and a warm autumn night. Dean had spluttered and walked in circles for a few minutes, berating Cas for not having been shopping for any other clothes except sweaters, before Cas apologized verbally (and inwardly apologized for playing Dean like this to get what he wanted, just for the night) and Dean seemed to lose whatever fight he had started with. He had left Cas in the kitchen area where they were with an order not to move (in which Cas deadpanned ‘I’ll just wait here then’) and returned ten minutes later with a few flannels to choose from and a pair of jeans.
Cas hadn’t had anything to wear to a bar establishment; the last time he had gone they had been in the middle of a case and therefore suits and ties were acceptable with them trying to blend in as agents. This time they were closer to home and everyone would call Cas’s bluff if he wore a suit and pretended to be an agent. They saw him too often at the local honey farm with Jack to think he could be that tough, and they were right.
But for once, Cas thought, as he felt strong, cold hands wrap around the base of his throat and a faint poison trickled into his skin, as his eyelids rebelled against his wishes and closed, and as the barn he had found coordinates to for locating the djinn shuttered from the storm blowing across the Midwest, that one particular phrase aptly described his predicament.
Dean’s breath shuddered, his head tilted downward and hands grasping the countertop. Cas couldn’t see Dean’s face, but he knew to allow Dean to take in everything he said; Dean had a well full of emotions, more even, that a bucket and rope could never reach. Cas wanted Dean to feel safe, to protect him while he worked through his tirade of thoughts.
They made conversation well enough too, simple sentences strung together which amounted to nothing more than Cas thumbing through his notes at night more and more on how to start the conversation not just about what happened at the bar but also what this meant between them—if it meant anything. Cas was worried, though; Samandriel had once said that he had too much heart, but Cas always assumed he didn’t have enough. No one could ever fulfil a quota for how they should care about one another and the world; that was the beauty of free will. Everything was endless and all consuming. But this time, he thought Samandriel may be right; Cas was hung up with this feeling six ways from Sunday while Dean never spoke of it. Cas thought maybe since he had pushed away from Dean that that was that and Dean would move on and thus deliver on exactly what Cas was worried about happening.
“Cas, I have to be honest. I’m not there to actually check, but yes. I would go with wavy and medium hair thickness.”
Over the next two weeks while Dean was gone Cas tried out the different hair care products; he switched from a lavender scent to a vanilla, which caused him to be hungry at 2am, and swung back around to a simple peach scent. Since Cas looked at his hair everyday while brushing it, he didn’t really notice a difference, but Sam had commented on how well it looked. Previously, he had made Sam promise not to tell Dean about this, much to Sam’s amusement and confusion as to why not. “I want to fix a mess I made by myself without roping in Dean’s help and his unhelpful comments,” Cas had said.
Sam, who would be an excellent help, was currently on a case somewhere in Nebraska; and Jack would report anything back to Dean since those two were thick as thieves (which Cas actually loved but that’s not the point). Cas sighed, thinking that he should have asked Gabriel about his hair care before realizing that they only saw each other in the middle of apocalypses so maybe Cas’s priorities were in order somewhat, but that still didn’t help the issue. He was just resigning himself to a night of infomercials to see if anything useful would come up as well, and to see if they had started selling the glass ornaments for the holidays, when his phone went off. Cas grumbled, he had important things to do and the last thing he needed was to be connected to the inter—oh.
Dean brought his attention back to Cas, kissing him chaste then speaking on his lips. "Loved up Sex Gods eh?"
On Sunday he dropped Charlie off to Sam’s to bring Lisa out on a date. He needed to get over Cas. This was a step to doing that. Refocus his energy on others. Benny was too attached to Cas and mainly involved fucking. Fucking men led to thinking about Cas. His date with Lisa was a
“Only the best for my two college boys,” Mary’s voice called out from inside. She came into view, standing in the sitting room with her arms open waiting for someone to fill them. “Well Dean, aren’t you going to give your Mom a hug?” she asked.
Cas waits while Dean settles down then shuffles back, pressing his front along Dean’s side. The duvet keeping them apart. He sees Cas is shivering. Without thinking too hard about it, Dean lifts an arm for Cas to sneak in under it and rest his head on Dean’s chest. It’s nice, real nice.
He was ready for whatever Gordon to going to throw at him. He needed to get away from this drowning feeling, this cold numbness he found himself slipping into. Ripping Gordon’s face in half would help with that. Anger would put a fire in Dean he needed. Gordon was in on drug charges, wasn’t like killing people was part of his job, unlike Dean.
“Brave, not stupid.” His voice sounded less threatening. Dean turned his head, tried to get a look at the Russian behind him. He couldn’t see enough of him to assess what he was like and Dean had a worrying feeling burrowing its way inside of him that wouldn’t be resolved till he could look at the Russian.
Cas didn’t bring it and neither did Dean. That didn’t stop Dean from thinking about. He thought about it at work, in bed, in the shower, sitting on the bench in the park pretty much any free time away from Charlie he got he was thinking about Cas’ sultry voice and how Dean had jacked off to it. Even looking at Cas made him hot under the collar more than usual. It seriously was not a good way to be in a pre-school playground. Dean had been pretty much celibate for the last four years and Cas had to go and ruin it and
“For fuck sake Cas,” he sat down on the edge of the bed, elbows on his thighs, digging his fingers into his hair. “She knows, ok, she just…knows and I’m freaking out over here.”
Cas hit the guy, again, again and again. After the first blow his two men didn’t even need to hold his hands down, he was unconscious. The guards didn’t move, pretended not to see because Cas had that kind of power in here. Cas stood back up. Fist bloodied. Balthazar pulled a cloth from his pocket for Cas to wipe his hand, like he’d just eaten a taco and got some grease on his hand, not beat on someone to within an inch of his life.
It doesn’t take long for Dean to realise that Cas likes it when he uses his strength to hold him down. He lets out little yelps, his eyes go big, his mouth slack, he knows these signs are telling Dean he likes it and Dean picks up on it.
Cas asked. Images filled with what he wanted, exactly what he wanted, how he wanted it, where and when over and over. He had already cum that night and yet his cock still twitched with interest.
“Yes,” Dean cried out. “Fuck me, just,” he leaned into whisper, quiet enough just for them and not their building audience, “Cas, c’mon baby, I need you to fuck me,
Cas shook his head, bringing Dean in to kiss his worries away and replace it with the only thing he had for the man in front of him. Love.
“It was an accident.” He tried to explain. Claire, with her set of icy blue eyes that could only match her Father’s glared at Dean for the swear word.
The next time Charlie waited till Dean got to the door before knocking, well, she waited till his foot touched the bottom step and then knocked, correction, banged, with both hands in fists.
Christ, Cas needed to go to confession for having a voice that sinful. Dean felt that in his bones it was that deep, penetrating his skin and muscle. He found himself slipping under Cas’ voice, hooked on it. Cas asked a question and for some reason Dean needed to answer him. Compelled to.
How did Dean know? Because sometimes studying got too much for him and he needed to do something to get rid of the stress ok? Orgasms helped take the edge off. He tried his usual porn outlets, watching some good ole busty Asian beauties or curvy blonde girls with bouncing tits but he couldn’t get to finish line with them. The only thing getting him there being the videos on that gay amateur website. It was how he found that video that led to that night in the bathroom.
“You’re working too hard.” Cas says, he puts a scrap of paper in between the page he is on to save where he is in the book. Dean knows he works too hard. He’s making more than enough money to cover his rent and maintaining Baby between Bobby’s and the Roadhouse. The thing is Dean doesn’t do being alone very well. He can do an evening here and there, a full day max, after that he needs people around. Not necessarily to talk or interact with, he’s happy just sitting in a bar by himself as long as there’s people around.
He was coming up short but then again Cas was never one to pay attention in many classes. History included. There were vague recollections coming back to his endorphin filled brain, something about choosing a moment in history that tended to be forgotten about and presenting it to the class. He hadn’t expected it to be a group project though.
“How are you feeling?” he asked tentatively, keeping his voice clear and void of suggestive undertones. The hand he wasn’t using to hold himself up he used to touch Dean’s face, caressing his cheekbone and under his lip.
“You son of bitch.” Dean cursed about to step out of the line, go after the asshole when his brother pulled him back in by his top.
“Oh my God, you’re so sweet, thank you! We’re just by the pool table.” She beams a smile at him. She’s cute, any other occasion he’d be inclined to make a pass on her. He doesn’t feel it tonight, hasn’t felt it in a few weeks if he’s being honest. Cas and his blue eyes ruining Dean’s insatiable appetite to flirt with anything that has a nice ass and a pretty smile. It’s like no one else even gets on his blood pumping anymore.
“Not enough if his heart is still beating.” Dean tightened his jaw. His hands were in fists on the table.
It made no sense. This was Cas. His best friend Cas. How could the meek little boy who showed up in his dorm three years ago with an oversized trench coat and an encyclopedia about bees clung to his chest turn him to putty, make him feel things no one else ever managed to. He felt like his heart was going to explode from his chest and the only destination it had was in Cas’ hands.
“Can we talk?” Dean asked. He pulled up the chair from the desk, turned it around to straddle it. Now a bit closer to the guy he can see some of his tattoos. A rose wrapped in barbed wire was the nearest one too him. The hand he lifted up to Zachariah had a skull on it with sharp canines. Prison tattoos.
“I anoint you Commander of Cookies.” She said it so seriously that Dean had to cover his mouth to not break the game. His shoulders jittered though, giving him away. “Rise Commander.”
He drifted off hoping that in the morning things wouldn’t go back to the way they’d always been, that they’d wake up and be something else, something more. Cas was done being Dean's best friend and he hoped Dean was too.
Dean stopped counting the days after the fifty, with a loose screw in his rickety bed he would crave the days into the wall similar to the others who had stayed in the Empty. Once he reached fifty, he stopped seeing the point. The days were molding into one. Winter meant the days were short, the nights were long and when the sun went down Dean felt it dimming his soul. The tiny window he couldn’t see out of was his only solace.
gays. Sober Cas would carry that to the grave. Few beers Cas was more open to these darker sides of him.
“Don’t say things like that.” he shook his head, not believing this was real. That this was happening. So long he thought about it, dreamt about it and he thought he lost all hope of ever getting it when Cas friend zoned him. Never thought he’d have Cas praising him on his couch, have him pressing himself to Dean’s side as much as he could.
Dean pulled his mouth to the side and hummed. Learning something new every day it seemed. Also new information that Cas frequents the website their video was posted on. Whatever it was on, all Dean knew was the most popular ones and he can’t remember there being such things as threads. Though when Dean’s on a porn site he isn’t looking much further than the search bar and the first two pages of results.
“Dean, your mouth.” Cas says in an exhale like he’s been holding his breath up until this moment. Dean feels that in his dick.
The three of them walked on, talking final exams and summer plans. Dean’s bruises forgotten about. They spotted Ash by the library, waving at them. Dean nodded his head.
“Dean?” he’s been asleep, his voice filled with slumber. Dean doesn’t respond, reaches for his keys, the right key this time and attempts to open the door. He needs to turn the handle with the key at the same time. His hand is searing now with the pain with what he can only imagine is a shard of glass still in it, but he will be damned to ask Cas for help.
Cas sat on the edge of his bed, hands on his face, irritated by something. Dean spotted the dried blood on his right hand. He hadn’t even cleaned it properly yet. The stains on his fingers still there from hours ago.
“You sure you don’t want somethin’ stronger than a beer? Your friends will be hospitalized before you even get tipsy man.” He adds ice into the glass as he talks. He feels Cas’ eyes on him, pushes him to add some flare and moves around the bar to get the vodka and rum. He turns the two spirit bottles upside down in one hand to fill the glasses.
“You first Sammy.” Dean said. Sam called out his inmate number for Crowley as Dean waited patiently. Masters was leaning against the rail near the body wash, playing with his part, eyes landing on Dean heavy full of desire. Dean shook his head, deciding to turn to not face him. He wasn’t interested, not in Masters anyway.
“I hope it doesn’t take someone pulling you from your chair for you to have a day’s rest Jessica.” He finishes with. Castiel stands knowing she most likely has lecture to attend to with it coming up to the hour. She follows, standing from her chair and gripping her bag pack strap tight.
A new Russian arrived into Purgatory two weeks after his big brother was tossed into the Empty. His name was Gabriel and it didn’t take much for Sam to realise that this guy was Cas’ equal in authority. He was nothing like Castiel, overtly charismatic and brash though equally as violent when provoked. Sam soon found himself getting extra servings at mealtimes, he saw the way the Russian looked at him as he sucked on sweets he never seemed to be too far away from. He started going to the library during Sam’s work detail. Admittedly he was a good distraction for Sam. The thoughts that his brother was still in the Empty, that his Dad was dead seemed to fade away whenever he was around Gabriel. When he inevitably pushed Sam into the mythology section of the library and climbed him like a tree, Sam didn’t try to stop him.
Big mistake. Cas reacted quick, taking Dean’s wrist, twisting it and pushing him chest first into shelf that was stocked with tins. He grunted on the impact of the metal shelf digging into his chest. Cas pressed him in further, twisted his hand up till it hurt.
The Russian came back just as count was being called. They stood outside the cell. Zachariah clicked them in, and they were locked inside for the next hour while the guards changed.
It took two more days for Cas to get the editing done on the video. He attempted it the day after he and Dean watched it and failed miserably, too clouded with memories and the feel of his fingers in Dean’s mouth, the next time he had taken a cold shower beforehand which seemed to help. Only half the video could be uploaded, once Dean called out Cas’ name the footage couldn’t be used.  Not that Cas minded, it seemed almost too personal of a moment anyway. He liked that it was never going to be seen by anyone else, just him and Dean.
after all. Might as well check up on how well its performing, comments, suggestions, the advert in the beginning of it and well Cas’ hand on his dick too, he supposed he should check that out too. For future possible porn videos of course.
The Russian leaned back, collapsing onto his bed in such a thud the whole bunk shook. Dean missed the weight of him immediately, felt empty somehow. He thought Cas would have stayed though mutual orgasms between celly’s rarely ended in cuddling. Dean needed to remember that. He went to their toilet, grabbed some paper to clean himself off, brought some over to Cas who took it quietly and wiped himself up too.
They drove in silence the rest of the way there. Dean pulled into his childhood home before dinner and he honked his horn, announcing their arrival. He spotted his baby brother leaping down the stairs and running over to him just in time to open his arms up for a hug. It winded him a little. He forgot how much Sam tended to grow these days, almost as tall as he was now and only 17 years old. He had more growing to do too which scared the crap out of Dean.
Rufus walked back across the yard to his gang. Bobby sighed, coming over to Dean to give him a talking to no doubt. Dean kept his head low between his shoulders, trying to catch his breath back.
“You’re not like anyone Cas.” Dean says and means it. He lessens up the grip of Cas’ jaw, moves his hand to run through Cas’ hair softly. It’s a sweet gesture and Cas hates that he likes it.
He was mid description of the third attendee to his orgy when Dean stumbled into the kitchen, arm slung around some girl, looking equally if not more drunk than Cas felt. The girl laughed hysterically at whatever he was saying, arms secured around his waist. Dean wasn’t that funny, especially when drunk, not that she’d know. She wasn’t even that pretty.
“You think you could read me one after?” Dean asks. Castiel looks up from his plate surprised by that question. Reading one of his stories to Dean sounds more intimate than what happened in the lift, if that was to be considered intimate, erotic maybe more of the adjective to use. Castiel’s stories, that collection in particular are about him at the orphanage. His progressive resentment of religion and all it had to offer him as a child. He wasn’t sure if he was comfortable reading those stories aloud to anyone let alone Dean. Castiel even pulled it from print, wouldn’t let a second edition be published.
“No surprise there.” Dean stacked the dishes on the dryer. Cas came into view beside him, leaning against the countertop, arms folded over his chest. He was wearing what looked like an old college jumper, worn out to a dull navy. The words Stanford across the front of it.
He finds him sitting on a fallen trunk, hunched over himself, arms wrapped around his knees. He looks small and broken. It aches Dean seeing him like that, seeing that he made Cas like that. The anger drains from him.
He hung up before he gave the guy a chance to say it back. Dean buried his head in his hands, cursing quietly to himself about how idiotic that was. After a few minutes of horrifying embarrassment, he half debated messaging Cas to apologies. Though he had nothing really to be sorry for. It was Cas who said the whole suggestive slightly dominating comment. Yeah, Dean was fine. It was only as big as Dean let it be so if he was cool then it was cool. He downed the rest of his beer and hit the hay.
When he had finished warming up his hand, Cas diverted his attention to Dean’s ass. He clocked at Dean was looking over his shoulder. “Don’t remember saying you could watch.”
After a moment or two Dean shuffled, distant sounds of elastic bands snapping, and a belt being fastened. The bed moved. Cas turned onto his side to watch Dean. He ran a hand through his sandy hair then pulled at his face like he was still reeling in what had happened, what is happening between them.
Dean and Cas were back to normal after that. Any phantom feelings from those two nights were slipping away from Dean’s short-term memory. He was glad about it. The whole
His finger stroked inside of Dean, a spot he had yet to explore making Dean see stars behind his eyelids. His hand dropped, head hitting the pillow as he took in what Dean could only assume was Cas hitting his prostate over and over. Dean’s legs started to shake from the onslaught, and something told him Cas was only getting started.
He read out the recipe to Cas and Cas followed. Dean gave up leaning on the counter, legs getting tired and jumped up on it while Cas whisked the sugar and butter together. He didn’t protest for Dean to get down, so he stayed.
After his orgasm he had spent the remaining time trying to understand the site better, how to monetary side of it worked and also delving into the comments left by those who viewed it. From his extensive data collection, the consensus was they needed to hear that straight boy howl. Who was Dean to deny his viewers?
“Hello Charlie, Claire is in the sitting room if you…” she darted in under his arm before he could finish the sentence. Dean took the other two steps up to the front door.
“You’re not that much of a dumbass Cas, you can’t be,” Dean pushes himself off of the counter, he looks defeated. If Castiel could just figure out why. Castiel doesn’t know how to respond to that. His brain is trying to piece together what could have happened that has created this response in Dean. He’s coming up short every time.
Not that he was in a bad mood. He wasn’t, he was on edge, a little jittery and anxious about this conversation. He hoped Cas was on the same page as him but it’s hard to tell really. Dean wanted Cas, wanted him in lots of different ways, positions, scenarios etc. Keep the friendship, add sex to it, lots of great sex to it and maybe throw in some time away from the kids in there too. Nothing serious, nothing official just two friends with some seriously sexy benefits. It would keep things light between them and they’d cross other bridges when they came to them, if they even came to them. Dean was still hesitant as ever in letting someone meet Charlie in that way. The risk was too high and the possibility of it going south was always there, even with someone like Cas.
Dean’s fist was so tight he gave himself white knuckles. He hopped up onto his bed and tried to calm himself down. He dug the heel of his palms into his eyes trying to get the words “pretty mouth” out of his brain, trying to get those looks the AB were giving him out of his brain. Trying to not let Zachariah rile him up any more than he already had.
It’s not like Castiel would even know what to do with that kind of information on Dean. He isn’t shall he say, experienced in dating having been on a total of zero dates. A blur of hookups through college when he found freedom didn’t leave much of a memory on him either. Dean looks like he knows how to date, how to flirt, how to kiss, how to use his hands in all the ways Castiel likes to imagine ever since seeing him in his overalls that day. He would have risked ruining his white shirt for those hands on him.
He knew he only had a minute, two, max before the guards signaled for everyone to get down and break up the fight. Dean needed to make this count if he was going to turn this ice into heat. He went for Gordon, jabbing him in the side, getting Gordon to wince, distract him enough to pull a move Cas had done on him when they fought. Dean dropped and spun, letting his leg knock Gordon off of his feet.
Dean moved closer, drawing saliva into his mouth to take Cas’ cock, knowing he liked it messy. Dean put a hand on Cas’ cock to hold it in place for him, the other taking a grip of Cas’ thigh. He started like last time, licking a strip from the base to the head. He was rewarded with an earnest groan above him, spurring him on. The taste of Cas’ filling his senses, something slightly salty and completely Cas. Dean wrapped his mouth the head, sucking on it to get more of that taste out of him. His tongue lapping over it.
Something warm bloomed inside of Cas. He tried not to fight it for now and lay back down beside Dean, a little closer this time.
His current erection enjoyed that very much. Fuck, he was gonna do it. He paused the video, put his beer on his desk that was closer to reach than the side table and shimmied his sweats and boxers down…wait, shimmied his sweats down, leaving his boxers on. Yeah, he’d mimic Cas’ movements. His dick throbbed at that idea.
Dean pulled his keys out of the ignition and was about to get out when Cas stopped him. He tugged Dean back and his lover went, falling back onto his lap. Tired green eyes looked up at him. Cas ran a hand through Dean’s hair then caressed the side of his cheek.
He was glad for the Autumn chill. Meant the fists he was making were hidden in his jacket pockets. The fake smile had dropped.
thing. He whisked her away pretty sharpish, not really even giving Cas a proper goodbye or wishing him a good weekend. There was some guilt in there, and he’ll probably hate himself a bit for it later but for the time being he was glad to be away from those blue eyes.
Cas let go of his grip, watched as Dean reached in to feel Cas. His cock twitched in Dean’s grip, hips rolling on their own accord chasing Dean’s hand. He pulled it out to get a better look at it, pink and throbbing alongside Dean’s.  “This ok?” he asked stroking it with a firm enough grip. It’s how liked it, hoped Cas did too.
When Dean pressed in Cas forced his hands to grip the bedsheets even though they sorely wanted to grip onto Dean’s shoulder because he needed to ground himself to something if he was going to be able to survive this. He couldn’t breathe, couldn’t do much except fist the sheets and hold on.
Cas moved, moved with every muscle he possessed building up momentum till he was fucking Dean with enough force the bedhead started to hit the wall behind it. Dean held on tight as Cas drove himself into Dean, each thrust a new noise escaped him, noises he didn’t even know he could make, too fucked to care what he sounded like, whatever it was Cas seemed to appreciate them.
“What?” that catches Dean off guard yet again. The guy tilts his head the slightest then his eyes move over Dean’s body like he isn’t even trying to be subtle about it. Now Dean really feels like an animal. He can feel the back of his neck heating up because it isn’t every day some suit and tie trench coat wearing man checks Dean out like that. He’s used to truckers, waitresses, you know, people like him. People like this guy do not check out people like him.
“Let’s hope they don’t kill us for this.” Dean mustered up some courage, bravery, stupidity, whatever he needed to stop this and dove towards the weak link. He swooped past the guard without much backlash.
“I admit it is strange but perhaps we should take it as a compliment. Meg has high standards when it comes to sex and we appear to have met those standards.”
Did he? Was this love, actual love? At a younger age, Dean thought love and infatuation went hand in hand, one in the same. The older he got, the more he thought it resembled sharing a live with someone, the apple pie life, settling down. That’s what he thought love was with Lisa. Compromises, sacrifices for the other. It didn’t work out that way. With Cas, it wasn’t about infatuation or compromises. He didn’t need to give up a part of who he was to be with him, if anything he had been more himself in these four walls than he had been in a long time and Cas accepted it, craved it, wanted it more than any other version of Dean he could concoct. With Cas, he was safe and seen.
He knew he was being bossy, kinda sassy and downright needy but fuck it, he didn’t care. He needed this like half an hour ago. Deciding to take matters into his own hands, literally speaking he grabbed his semi over his trousers. Cas dropped his eyes to it. Fuck he loved that kind of attention from Cas. Rolling his hips, he watched Cas’ mouth slightly part like his breath got caught in his throat.
He told Gabriel to make himself scarce when he got back. Gabriel didn’t need to be told twice, already grabbing the keys to his car and teasing Cas to not do anything he wouldn’t which if he really thought about it wasn’t much. He went for his run, ran till his lungs burned and then ran some more, throwing up just shy of his back garden and he tried not to think too hard as to why he did that. His shower was cold, but he needed it to be and when he got back to his bedroom Dean was sitting on the edge of his bed playing with his hands, jacket and shoes already taken off.
was he right. Cas was a demon, or an angel, freakin’ something out of this world entirely, a celestial being sent to ruin Dean with his mouth. He was filthy, downright obscene as he ate Dean out. He couldn’t get enough of Cas’ tongue, how it pressed in making Dean squirm and Dean pushed back into it wanting more and more till Cas had to physically hold Dean down by his hips to keep him in place. He’d be bruised from his grip. He didn’t care, he loved it all, loved that he could feel Cas’ spit slide down his ass and touch his balls there was that much of it, loved that he could hear Cas’s quiet Russian babble and groans as he buried himself in Dean like being too far away from Dean was an impossible task for him right now.
Cas didn’t want to get into it, couldn’t get into it. Even if counsel from his friends might help him, he could never break the trust between he and Dean. Trust that Cas exploited last night. He couldn’t handle these feelings, not when drunk. He left the other two, in search of something or someone to help him forget.
They were driving to Dean’s home. He promised his brother he’d stop by, spend some time with him. Lucky enough he and Cas got along so he didn’t have to bear the thought of leaving Cas for a couple of days. They had spent the last month driving around the country and somehow the thought of two days apart didn’t sit right with him.
Cas nods, taking the pad and tearing it out for Dean to have. Dean holds it for some time, just looking at it and Cas isn’t sure why that is, but he doesn’t press it. He goes for a shower to leave Dean alone with his thoughts, his eyes similar to those in the drawing he did.
“Especially with a Russian in your back pocket keeping you pretty eh?” Dean tapped his neck earning him another eye roll from his little brother. He looked over at the Russian table. Charlie playing cards with them, smiling, laughing along with them. It was weird.
Dean was, completely consumed as to why Cas missed count, missed their lock in and somehow returned unscathed. How Zachariah had counted him when he wasn’t there.
Cas ran his hand back down Dean’s head, nails digging in as he went, and Dean was crumbling with each breathe he took. The Russian knew what this did to Dean, knew that when Dean was angry, he played with his hair and the last time Cas did this Dean was a mess, falling apart bit by bit from the touch of his hands. Cas knew how to play him.
“Dean?” Sam noticed his brother was drifting away. Dean blinked, his vision was blurred, eyes glassed over. He sniffled, shaking the memories away. “You ok?”
Dean laughed at that, louder than expected. He turned his head towards the stairs behind him to hear if it woke up Charlie up. It didn’t. An earthquake wouldn’t wake her.
Dean took his top off, hoping that would be answer enough. A smile found itself on the Russian underneath him, his eyes skated over Dean’s chest landing on each bruise Cas had made on him the day prior out in the yard. He propped himself up on his elbows to get a closer look, a hand gently reached out to touch the bruise on his ribs. Its deep purple in a circle the size of his elbow. Dean’s breath hitched. Muscles contracted from the touch.
Dean shifted his attention, joined his brother at the table. He shimmied out his coat and hat. Sam clocked the cup on his tray, raised a brow and pulled the side of his mouth up, like he was insinuating something.
Dean let out a burst of unexpected laughter. Cas used a variety of animals instead of swearing words to describe people who got on his nerves. It was imaginative and another reason Dean found himself completely hooked on the guy. Cas smiled quietly at Dean and it warmed his insides.
“Cas.” He pleas. Cas doesn’t reply, shakes his head making Dean frustrated, more frustrated than he already is when he’s around his neighbor. He knows how to press Dean’s buttons.
The shock of it almost made Dean swear. “You little…!” he shook his head, getting the snow off of him. He could feel it still resting on his eyelashes. Cas and Charlie were laughing at the show. Dean glared at them, reaching down to grab a lump of snow and hurling it at them, catching both Cas and his daughter in the snow spray.
He steps into Dean’s space, close enough to get a look at the smudge. Its soot, easier to get off than oil. He doesn’t really think next, rather just ends up doing, bringing his thumb up and rubbing it gently along Dean’s neck where the smudge is parallel to his jawline.
“No, I haven’t told Gabriel.” They don’t share things like that. Their friendship doesn’t involve that kind of conversations unless Gabriel specifically asks which is rare. Gabriel gave up on asking about Castiel’s crushes some time ago, if Castiel wants to call Dean that. It seems a bit juvenile for what he really feels for his neighbor.
“Yes.” Castiel admits. Its’ not as if he can lie when his name is on the cover. The only book he published with his actual name. Jimmy Novak is what he usually refers to himself as when he has published other collections of stories. Dean comes across into the kitchen with it still in his hand flicking through the pages.
“Yeah, I was in the Empty for a few days, so didn’t recognise you was all.” Dean replied trying to keep his voice neutral. Don’t show weakness, don’t show anything other than neutral and angry.
“Those fucking Nazis, why can’t they just fuck each other? There’s enough of them to go around.” he kept his voice low. His tone tensed.
“Fine, such a spoil sport,” Meg tugged on his arm to make sure he heard the next words to come out of her mouth, “But be careful my angel ok? He might be up for moving some furniture around with you on the internet but that doesn’t mean he’s ready for the real world to see how you make him feel.”
He went to the bathroom, soaking a cloth in hot water then went to get a cold glass of water, knowing he’d need these for later. His insides simmering with desire at the sounds of Dean undressing in his room, the bed springs compressing and the audibly heavy sigh of the man occupying it. He wouldn't have thought in a million years that this would be how things unfolded for them, how one simple need to pay the heating bill had sparked this between them. How they went from watching movie marathons to Dean waiting patiently for Cas on his bed, ready to receive a sexual punishment and
did he ruin it.  That part of his brain had been asleep and now it was awake and alert and hungry, so damn hungry for more of it, more of Cas.
“Easier, yes. As much fun? Unlikely.” He wasn’t going to get this phone back this way. If Dean wanted to play, he could oblige. How easy it would be for Castiel to kiss Dean’s neck right now, just below his ear where he remembers Dean liking from the lift, to take that smug look off of his face and replace it with something Castiel is dying to see again. He resists.
During the week he worked at the auto-shop with Bobby, nothing changed there. Bobby still as grumpy as ever. Some nights he’d take a shift at the Roadhouse too though mostly he worked there Friday and Saturday when business picked up. The ivy league kids loved the place. A run-down dive of a bar was ‘hipster’ apparently. Last time Dean worked there it was full of old vets and alcoholics, now he was serving up more shots of tequila than ever before. Some girl asked him for a slippery nipple one of the nights and he handed her a cold beer instead.
The wave calmed down. He leaned his head on his elbow, trying to take some deep breathes before more came up. A glass of water appeared in his view.
Neither of them can remember what they were fighting about when they put their clothes back on and walk back to the impala hand in hand.
“This ok?” he asked. The Russian nodded, kissing behind his ear all soft and sensual. It distracted Dean till Cas’ finger brushed against his rim making him gasp in surprise. God it had been so long since someone touched him there with their hand. Then Cas pressed in and Dean let his head fall back to the wall behind him to let out a raspy moan.
It’s Tuesday, late afternoon, Castiel is in his office reading and replying to emails from over-eager students wanting to check the criteria, wanting to check what did Castiel mean by this comment, wanting guidance on how structure the essay. Each one as painful as the next, half of them involve re-directing the students to administration or the library support team. The side of his job he wishes he didn’t have to do. He regrets turning down a doctorate assistant though the idea of getting one who Castiel could stomach for most of the day was slim. Naomi took his one, now she had two running around after her.
Dean scrubbed his teeth ten times to be on the safe side of not having too much of an herby mouth for his date, hook-up, sex sesh, whatever it was going to be. He hadn’t really thought to ask. All he got was a time. He dressed somewhat nice, one of his better blue flannels with a non-worn out pair of jeans. Sam was leaning against the doorframe in spare bedroom as Dean tied his boots up.
“Here I have a spare…” Cas shifted Claire onto her other hip with ease. The slight show of strength did not make Dean’s stomach tighten. Nope. Cas took a piece of paper from his coat pocket, handed it to Dean. “Claire made them.”
A hand went around his stomach, pulling him closer. The tension in his shoulders relaxed almost immediately but he was still pissed.
Cas took a step back into Dean’s space, using the back of his hand to tilt Dean’s face up to him. Dean didn’t fight it, needing to rip this off like a band-aid, just get it over with. The sooner Cas broke it off, the sooner Dean could try to get over him and every fantasy he had. Cas didn’t want him. Of course, he didn’t. Why would he? Dean was nothing and Cas was everything.
“It’s Ben.” she answered the phone to her son and walked off a bit for some privacy. Dean took a seat on a nearby bench and took his phone out to check his own messages. He had one from Cas. God, he could not get away from him even when he tried. He refused to acknowledge how his whole being enjoyed seeing his name on his screen.
“Thanks for the laugh,” she took a sip of her coffee. Dean could smell it and could do with one himself. “Dean, right? You’re Charlie’s Dad?”
They’re enveloped in one another, Dean has his legs wrapped around Cas’ waist pushing him in as far as he can go while Cas moves his mouth down the side of Dean’s neck, below his ear in that sweet spot that probably made some pre-cum come out of him if he was being perfectly honest with himself.
Cas kept his distance the days following their interaction in the storeroom. They were in always in close proximity to one another but the touches, the kisses, the everything else was non-existent. It sucked and Dean was back sleeping in his own bed. He tossed and turned for hours suddenly hating the space in his bed, used to being pressed up against a warm inked body. He had hurt Cas, and this was Cas showing it. His silent treatment.
“I want you naked, on your back in the middle of my bed,” Cas kissed him chaste, then stepped back enough for Dean to move. “Go.”
“You sounded so beautiful Dean when you came for me.” Cas’ voice so close to Dean’s ear, so real and not slightly distorted from being on the other end of a phone line.
He was still hesitant leaving Cas, he wanted to stay, he wanted to talk about what just happened, where do they go from here, was this about to change everything. He dragged his feet towards the door to where Cas was with his hand on the handle ready to open it up.
Dean was back in the cell before Cas this time, rare enough thing to happen. Sitting at the desk they shared staring a piece of paper for the last ten minutes trying to figure out what to write on it. So far, he had,
Cas turned his head around, pulling his hood down to see Dean standing half in and half out of the diner, hand on the door looking about as pained as Cas felt right now. Why was he talking to Cas? Why was he drawing attention on a busy street? It unnerved him.
He put one hand behind his head to lift it in order to get a good view of Dean, not wanting to miss this moment. “Lick along it with the flat of your tongue till you reach the top, then back down.”
“Fine, whatever.” He huffs and walks into his dark flat, makes a beeline for the sink. Cas flicks the light on, knowing which switches are which given their flats are identical.
He replaces his finger with his mouth kissing Dean sweet and soft, tongues passing with no skill or much enthusiasm, just the touch of each other feeding something other than sexual. Eventually the sticky becomes crusty and he breaks the kiss.
His sudden fear was null and void when he remembered his new armor in the form of a certain Russian mafia member. Dean replaced his shocked expression with a slight smirk.
It took him most of the summer to finish it. Not a traditional tree house but it was made of wood and in a tree, so it counted. He made it lower to the ground, about six feet up and it wrapped around the old willow tree they had in their garden. The low hanging branches gave it a mystical feel that Charlie loved. It felt like her own castle to rule, she even decided to name the garden Moondoor and she was the residing Queen.
When he gets to the basement, he hears humming from the laundry room. Its Dean, his neighbor. That humming is hard to forget especially as Dean continues to park under his window and Castiel can hear it in the mornings as Dean leaves for work and late at night when Dean returns home from where ever he’s been. He debates going back upstairs and doing this another day. He’s running low on shirts though.
Dean had saved his number as Assbut in Castiel’s phone in the basement. He has yet to change it back rather enjoying the sentiment of it. That their once argument has now become a joke between them. He is enjoying a lot of things about Dean really.
“I would ask for a story, but I don’t want to fall asleep on you again.” another yawn comes out of him. Damn he is exhausted, putting on the laundry might have been a bad mistake. He can feel the weight of his body more than usual, feel his head wanting to pick a side and drop.
“I’ve received plenty, I know the basics,” he knew more than the basics. He knew the whole freakin’ instruction manual on giving blowjobs. “So, what’ll it be Cas? Book, or blow job?”
“That would be appreciated.” Cas takes two drinks, one in each hand even though Dean could carry them on a tray for him. He doesn’t object, just takes the other two glasses and rounds the bar to follow Cas towards the table he’s sitting on.
A few days later Dean woke up to a message from Cas. They hadn’t spoken since he said goodbye the day before Thanksgiving. Today was the first day back at pre-school for the girls and they couldn’t avoid each other any longer. Not that Dean was necessarily avoiding Cas, just the realisation he wanted this man in more ways than sex and telling the man were completely different things.
“Thanks Dean but we’ll be fine,” Anna stands, she’s steadier on her feet. “We’re staying with Gabriel down the road, though Castiel is going back to his place and if you’re his neighbor...”
The way his eyes crinkled at the sides when he pieced together that Jess was one of Castiel’s students, how he looked so relaxed around his friends and swayed his hips slightly holding the door up for support. How he knew how to press Castiel’s buttons already having only met him a total of three times including their confrontation at his front door. He’s playful, borderline childish at times and Castiel refuses to find it endearing.
“Fuck.” Dean cursed. He walked back into his cell, climbed onto his bed and pretended not to care. Pretended it didn’t matter that Cas had gone to Masters instead of coming back to the cell, that he was fine with Cas getting his rocks off with someone else, that it really was just a transaction, a debt that needed paying, that Cas just wanted to play with him then he was done with him. He pretended so hard, so fucking hard that the pain in his chest was from the beating he got and not down to the feelings he had for the Russian.
“You’re so hot,” He found himself saying for some reason. Words that weren’t his, but Dean used them often on him. It earned him a whine from Dean, and he smiled, finding the encouragement to add more words to this moment. “Look at you, taking my cock so well, fuck you’re so tight.”
him. An actual kiss filled with such beautiful desperation. Cas’ exams were torture since it. His mind kept hovering back to that moment and any theory or references he had stocked away were sidelined for a few seconds as he indulged in the memory of Dean’s pliant lips against his. He would be surprised if he got above a 70 in any of the last remaining exams he had.
Whatever it was, it was making the AB guys loosen their grip on Dean’s arms. Loosened them enough for Dean to get out of them but the shiv was still in Alastair’s hand. He couldn’t chance it. It might be a guard, he had to stay where he was.
He turned off his bed side light and spent another half an hour convincing himself that everything was going to be ok.
“I got five minutes.” He leaned his head in, they tilted in unison and closed the gap, lips touching. It was sweet and slow. Dean could still taste his cum on Cas’ tongue which made him sigh contently into the man’s mouth causing a stir in Cas to delve his tongue deeper, let Dean taste more and more till he wasn’t really sure who’s tongue was who’s anymore.
He feels Dean’s warm skin under his touch, feels where the sweat has clung to it from his manual job and the short stubble grazing his thumb. Castiel pictures Dean’s stubble grazing other parts of his skin, would it burn, would it leave a mark, questions he sorely wants answers to. He could write a poem alone on how Dean’s teeth hold his bottom lip in place, voluntarily gagging himself from Castiel.
The lift is small, three people max could fit in or two Sam’s if you’re being technical. He presses 3 and the doors close. Him and the guy ride the lift in silence. It’s awkward, super awkward, like being in the dentist waiting room and your phone battery dies awkward. Dean wants to talk to the guy, he’s chatty, he doesn’t do well in silences, but something tells him this guy aint so chatty. Or maybe aint so chatty to people like Dean. Dick.
“Not a chance buddy.” Dean says. He shoves Cas away with ease, using his strength that Cas equally loves and hates. Hating at this present moment.
Dean woke up to soft kisses peppering the side of his face. They made the hair on his skin stand to attention, especially the one Cas planted under his jawline. He loved those ones, exposing more of his skin for Cas to get at.
He nods his head, brushing his face against the soft fabric of Cas’ shirt too embarrassed to say it out loud.
“Yeah, yeah I heard that story but this,” he waves his hands over Castiel. “This is more than a student seeing you in your pajamas so what gives? Your boss giving you trouble again?”
Cas wasn’t entirely sure what to do next, eyes seeming to drift back to Dean, freckles more pronounced under the bright bathroom light, cheeks flushed and breathing labored. He was about to ask if they were ok when Dean reached out to run his thumb along Cas’ bottom lip. He parted them on reflex, thumb slipping in an inch then slipping out to bring it to his own mouth to taste. The same gesture Cas did the night before.
“I’ll eh,” Dean scratched the back of his head, suddenly embarrassed about whatever the hell just happened. “See you later for count?”
The hand under his chin moved, a thumb rubbing along his jawline, the sensation of his stubble grazing against Cas’ skin was soothing. He had always been a tactile person, as much as he fought against it, not wanting to show that side of him it was there living under the surface. Dean leaned into it, seeking more of it from Cas if he was willing to give it. The touch stopped him from running away with his thoughts and feelings.
“Seems straight forward enough,” Cas put the paper down and pulled his laptop from under his pillow to pull him a search engine. “We can do it on Stonewall. It’s not in the school curriculum, not readily known about unless you’re a part of our community.”
“I gotta—” Dean moved off the bed with pace, darting to the door and leaving it wide open as he crossed the living space to his own room, slamming the door shut behind him.
“Jesus – Cas – fucking hell.” He heaved, feeling Cas finger move further inside of him. Dean arched into it, wanting more.
Dean huffed, in the darkness he couldn’t see it clearly, but he would bet that Dean was pouting, his pink lip jutting out in a slight frown. He gave Dean a bruising kiss, catching that pouted bottom lip between his teeth and tugging it hard. It earned him a despairing whine.
“Trust me sweetheart, I’m all good.” He lied. He brought her in close, kissed her forehead because she was short enough for him to do that. She was stunning, she was sweet and funny, and every other adjective Dean could think of to describe a perfect person to date except Dean didn’t want to date. He wanted to indulge.
“Yes, Naomi, she is still micro-managing me.” he lies. Gabriel puts his hand on Castiel’s knee. He looks around the empty kitchen before leaning in to him.
That does it for Cas. He pulls at his hair in frustration then storms out of the car, slamming the door so hard it vibrates the whole car. Dean follows, not letting him get away that easily from this.
“How else was I supposed to interpret you calling me insufferable and an inconsiderate asshole?” Dean asks. His voice is curious, not angry. Small steps. Castel continues, “I’m not really what you might call a people person. It takes me a while to get used to someone, to understand someone and for them to understand me, so when you gave me the pie I…”
The guards dragged Dean from the Empty and towards the exit door he thought he’d never see again. He was out.
“Easier said than done.” Dean replied. He moved his hands under the pillow, settled his head down onto Cas’ pillow that smelled like that crappy shampoo they were all given to use, cigarette smoke and something else chemically Dean put down to be whatever they used to make Angel Grace.
Eventually Dean notices the way Cas’ skin bumps at certain points on his thighs. They’re faint but they’re there. On closer inspection he sees the way the skin looks brighter than the other, how the hairs on his legs have stopped growing there. He runs his thumb over the thin lines.
“It aint over yet,” he bounced his brows suggestively. “Three more days and we are making the most of it.”
Dean slings the tea towel over his shoulder, sits the shot glasses on a tray and walks out from behind the bar to the pool table to serve up the drinks. The four girls are sitting around a table having a whale of a time. All tight thin clothes and exposed skin.
Balthazar got off his chair, walked over to Sam and pulled the neck of his top down, exposing the dagger tattoo piercing his neck. With a clearer view of it, Dean could make out two drops of blood coming off of the end of the knife.
“Can you move?” he asks. Cas tries. He can buts its difficult, more of a wriggle than actually being able to get himself out of Dean’s restrain. “Good.”
In the farthest point from him Dean could see the Russian’s on a bench, playing cards. They kept to themselves unless provoked, no one fucked with the Russians, ever. People who came up against them, didn’t last very long in Purgatory.
“Number six on the straight friend thread.” His friend sounded proud of himself, the slight turn up of his mouth also letting Dean in on how Cas was feeling about their little video. Living with Cas for three years Dean had picked up on Cas’ tells and quirks. Most people thought he was stoic and emotionless. They just weren’t looking close enough at the guy.
He loads his whites in one, shirts mainly and his darks in the other. When they’re both on he slides down to the ground and takes out the papers to read. Dean is still there, sitting on top of a free machine dangling his legs out of the corner of Castiel’s eye. The urge to look at him is there, his strong jaw lined with stubble and lips he makes a point of constantly wetting like he isn’t aware he’s even doing it. No, papers, he needs to read these papers.
When he heard the lock sliding into place and the guard disappearing from the view. Dean took Cas’ attention off of the book and onto him by getting into the bed, sitting on the back of his knees between Cas’ legs. Cas’ cold blues peered over the book. He didn’t move though, didn’t put the book down. Dean pouted jokingly.
“You sound incredible.” He let slip. He could have kicked himself, probably would have if Cas hadn’t responded in the way he did. Telling Cas earned him a louder moan. The man was trying to kill him – God – his voice sounded so wrecked.
Cas nodded understanding what Dean was saying. Receiving a blow job from another guy was not something a straight guy would immediately jump to though words like that in Cas’ sultry tone made it difficult for Dean not to picture Cas with his mouth around his dick. He’d be eager, Dean knows how Cas responded to him before, the enthusiasm and the sheer drive to illicit sounds from him. Dean could build up to fast if he let himself.
“No way!” he is surprised. Castiel nods. “If I had known that I would have taken you somewhere a bit nicer than the diner across the street from our apartment building.”
“Yeah, I guess.” Dean shrugged. The guy was good looking, rugged. Dean preferred stubble over beard but his brawn was definitely something Dean liked. He ticked the brunette and nice eyes boxes too.
“Dammit Charlie,” Dean stepped in under the bars and wrapped his arm around her stomach to hold onto her while she let go. “I told you not to go up that far.”
The muscle started to ache less, that pain slowly turning into relief and then Dean started to feel a whisper of arousal. When Cas pressed both his hands down onto either side of Dean’s spine it pressed his cock further into the mattress, getting him hard. When Cas moved it to lighter touches, goosebumps cascaded down his back and it was getting difficult for him to stay quiet. The sighs were getting that bit louder, that bit longer as his erection swelled under him.
Crave him different than he had before. He always had an attraction towards the guy but ever since that night Dean got out of the Empty and whatever the hell was happening between them Dean was finding himself being pulled into it, pulled into something that resembled feelings.
“Kevin is manning the fort for me,” he says. He looks like he’s waiting for Castiel to say something, nothing comes out. “Last time you came to me to hide from the world we were back in that hellhole and Lucifer was trying to burn your stories.”
Castiel takes the money from Sam and wishes him a good day. He glances over to the amount of product left on the shelves and in the display unit. At a rough estimation he has another hour of this before he can retire to his apartment for the rest of the day.
Right, of course. When they had phone sex and Dean was being turned on. He could tell Dean was lying with his voice, now he had the visuals to back up his claim that Dean was lying through his teeth. He shifted uneasy under the gaze of Cas.
He stared up at the ceiling, counting the seconds after the lightening to see how close it was. It was what he and Sam used to do as kids. Count the seconds till the thunder came and that was how far away the lightening was to them. This was close, Dean only managing to count to five or six at most before another loud rumble of thunder rolled in.
Gabriel sat beside Sam, every so often whispering things in his ear and making Sam smile like a sixteen-year-old girl which made Dean want to hurl in Cas’ lap but apart from that it was actually ok.
Dean didn’t have a work detail on Saturday giving him more free time than he usually had. He hated the weekends, hated free time. It wasn’t like he could do anything with it, not anything useful anyway unlike when he had free time when he was a free man. When he got to take road trips, shoot some pool with Sam, get wasted, sleep with something that had a pretty smile and watch the sun come up in his car.
“My pleasure as always,” he clinked his cup against Cas’ “Say where is your extra limb?” Balthazar lifted Cas’ arm, looking underneath it for something not there.
“Assbut I think you called me.”  Dean points to the note. “Never been called an assbut before.” That gets Cas to look up at him. The pink on the tops of his ears starting to appear.
“Thanks.” He smiled back then let Charlie whisk him away in the wrong direction. He didn’t have the heart to tell her, so they were definitely going to be late to the party.
“Seriously guys,” he said mouth full of its sugary goodness, “You didn’t have to get me a freakin’ chocolate bar.” It was rec-time they were hanging outside Sam and Charlie’s cell like they usually did. Dean’s cell being up on the balcony meant he didn’t have much space to hang outside of it, down on the ground floor there were tables to sit at.
He sat with them at yard time, walking out with Cas wasn’t that bad. Dean had half expected Cas to make a spectacle about it. He didn’t. He acted normal, nothing out of the ordinary as far as Dean could tell other than telling Dean to sit beside him at the table which he did. Sam and Charlie were already sitting when he joined them.
“Look right there,” Dean sat beside him on the bed, pointing to the letter. “They’re thanking you for killing that son of a bitch.”
It had a been few days since Cas tried to slit his throat, nothing more had happened since. That didn’t stop Dean from thinking about it. He thought about it at work, in bed, in the shower, you got the drift. Cas’ hands left an imprint in his brain, on his body. When he ran his own hands through it, it just never satisfied him. He never thought he’d be seeking out the hands of a Russian gang member on him but damn, he kinda was, not that he’d ever admit that aloud, ever, to anyone, not even to the Russian and his magical deadly hands.
“I can assure you, once I know how to make it up to Dean we can go back to our usual meetings.” Castiel clarifies. Jessica nods hearing him. She thinks on it, eyes scattering around Castiel’s office. It’s not big, or lavish. A simple wooden desk, computer, pens in a mug with the old college emblem on it from when he was a student there, scraps of paper in an old shoe box and a wall of books, papers and folders. The only pictures on the walls are his degrees. Four of them lined up in row.
“Coming out is personal,” Cas touched Dean’s face, “I would never force you to do something you didn’t want to, as long as I get to enjoy you behind closed doors I can wait for a while.”
And sure, sometimes Dean did want more and sometimes Cas would piss him off so much he didnt want to see that smug Russian face for a month. This was their love and Dean wouldn't have it any other way because the night that he fell was the night that Dean finally accepted who he was and he's been alright about everything else ever since.
Sam had pushed Gabriel back further away. Gabriel was shouting in Russian at Cas and trying to claw his way out of Sam’s grip though it was useless. Sam had him locked down.
“One filled bucket for the pretty boy.” Balthazar’s voice came before his body did. Dean let his top drop from his grip in time. He stepped through the door carrying the bucket, steam from the hot water rising above. Dean took it off of his hands, ignoring the comment about being a pretty boy.
People’s orgasms faces shouldn’t look that delicate. They shouldn’t. Cas shouldn’t be reacting to the ways he was either. It wasn’t like him. This wasn’t like him. He was going into unchartered territory and it scared him. He needed this to be over. He needed to get what he wanted and get out before Cas found himself drawing heart eyes and etching their names into desks at school.
“Alright, four times. You’re done kiddo.” He said defiantly. Charlie huffed into his shoulder but complied. They worked on deals, bargains, bribes and that worked both ways. He knew how to get her to do things just as she knew how to get him to do things. Charlie had Dean buying her the coconut shampoo she loved for the small price of not leaving her building bricks everywhere for him to step on. He hated coconut but it was worth it for the sake of his feet. Lego were the devils work. Two peas in a pod Dean and Charlie were.
He heard Dean calling him something expletive. Cas ignored that too, deciding to shower quickly. He washed away the sweat off his body, running his hands deep into his muscles to loosen them up after the surge of adrenaline. He fought the urge to touch himself, that would only prolong the shower and he didn’t trust Dean to be left alone in his room for any longer than necessary.
Or at least what Dean thought was a look, it was actually to kiss his cheek. The tiniest of kisses, if Dean blinked, he would have missed it except Dean didn’t blink. He felt it, Cas’ dry slightly chapped lips from the cold on his face. His whole body froze for a second, registering what happened. A kiss he had wanted in the confines of their cell, was in the open for everyone to see. This was what it was going to be like, Dean had to get used to it. There was nothing behind it and yet everything behind it. Cas doing what he wanted which in that moment was to kiss Dean’s cheek. Cas could do that.
“I’m sure Claire would love to have her best friend for a sleep over too,” Cas offered. “You might need the whole night to get your memory back if it’s been a while.” A smile made its way onto his face. Dean scoffed at that suggestive tone.
Benny told him during lunch that Garth, his old celly, topped himself when Dean was in the Empty meaning chances were, he had a new celly to go back to once lunch was over.
“What?” Dean turned his head to his friends. “I heard Cas say something about how Uriel needs to know his place a while back to Balthazar, figured that meant he was his boss.” He shrugged.
Dean moves then, breaking from his mouth and peppers Castiel’s jaw, his neck, his chest in kisses as Castiel attempts to get his breath back. He feels Dean suck on his collarbone, pulling the skin into his mouth in such an obscene fashion Castiel lets a curse slip out.
It wasn’t till Dean was in bed that his phone starting vibrating on his bed side table. It was Cas, checking in for his after date debrief because that was apparently a thing they did now. Slightly buzzed Dean answered.
Cas punched him back quickly. He learned how to punch from Dean in first year after having to deal with some homophobic assholes in their building. Although it stopped the assholes from bugging Cas, it didn’t stop his friend from then turning his new skill on him. He wanted to say he regretted showing him but the look on Uriel’s face was totally worth every bruise he got from his roommate since.
He couldn’t take it anymore. It was too much. Dean rose up off the bed, hands scrambling for Cas’ face, bringing him up to him, needing him close for some reason. Their foreheads touched. “Make me cum Cas, please. I need to—"
appeared below the message he sent. The breath he had been holding let out audibly then three dots started to do the Mexican wave on his computer screen.
“I didn’t give that order Dean,” Cas said. Dean raised a brow. “When Balthazar threatened your brother’s life, when you…” he didn’t finish that sentence. Dean knew where he was going with it. When Dean basically threw himself at Cas. “I didn’t know that’s why you were giving yourself to me. I would never force you into anything like that even if I want it.” The Russian ran a hand through his hair with frustration.
“Shut up Meg,” Dean said, shoving his friend whose face was dangerously near his crotch. Cas pushed himself up, balancing himself with a hand on the back of the couch. He shook his head, looking like he was about to hurl. “Don’t you get sick on me man.” Dean slapped his face playfully.
“Yes, I have eyes Cas.” Dean sassed. Cas nudged him with his foot for the comment. This was clearly their new thing, the nudges, not that Dean was complaining, he started them. Instead of taking his foot back, he let it drop, leaving it balanced against Dean’s boot.
“When I was in my final year, I was in the library. Mid-terms were burning me out, not that I’d let on that was happening. I spent every waking moment I could in there till one day, in the silent section a friend of mine comes barging in calling out my name…” she listens as he speaks. Castiel recanting the time that Gabriel, who was never a student had managed to sneak into the library to take Castiel away from his books. Castiel refused, standing firm in his stubbornness. His mid-terms were imminent, and he wasn’t prepared. Similar to Jessica, the knowledge wasn’t going in anymore as much as he willed it. They had caused such a scene, Gabriel literally pulling Castiel out of his chair kicking and screaming that security were called. He was banned from the library for 48 hours. It was the 48 hours he needed to give himself distance from his work, see clearly and rest.
The guy stepped to the side. Dean pulled the flesh inside the bottom of cheek into his mouth. He was never going to win with those guys. He resisted hitting the guy in shoulder with his body as he passed.
He maneuvers Cas into the passenger seat. Cas hand reaches out for him almost afraid that Dean is going away somewhere. That look of panic across his face, eyebrows furrowed. The same look when Dean left him in the bar.
He buys Cas some ice cream, mint chocolate chip. Cas wipes Dean’s vanilla ice cream off of the side of his mouth and tastes it on his thumb. The memory fades away.
“Meg won’t tell anyone, if that’s what your concern is about.” Cas assured him. “But we are on the internet Dean. I’m sure there are lots of people on campus who watch gay porn, maybe even watch our videos. I picked a more under the radar site for some element of secrecy, but it still traffics of a few million people a day.”
She was only a few meters of ahead of them when Meg turned to Dean, hand on his chest to stop him from moving away from her. He gulped, unsure where she was going with this. She seriously scared the crap out of Dean most of them. How her and Cas were good friends was beyond him. Rising up on her tippy toes, Meg whispered into Dean’s ear, “You might want to tell your bathroom stall hook-up to hide his marks better.”
He walks up to them, a little unsure of himself. Dean is all smiles slapping the space beside him to sit down. He’s got his khaki jacket on, grey t-shirt on. Castiel knows he’s been at the auto-shop, the tiniest mark smudge over his eyebrow. His fingers itch to rub it off. He refrains.
“C’mon Cas.” He moved one on his hands back to get a hold of Cas’ cock, already wrapped up and ready to go. Cas responded to the touch by pushing Dean further into the bedframe. It made him smile knowing he was just as responsive to his touch. “Get this inside of me.”
“You’re an author, that’s pretty freaking cool,” He says genuinely. Castiel doesn’t know how to respond to that, compliments are not what he’s used to. He turns back to the pot to stir as it begins to bubble. He adds the parsley. “An angel’s falling,” He hears Dean read the title aloud. “A collection of short stories from renowned award winning story teller Castiel, award winning seriously Cas?”
The curiosity was getting the better of him, so he leaned in and lowered his voice. “Well? What’s the word? Are we getting any views or whatever?”
His cock looked good on camera. It wasn’t as pixelated as other amateur videos could be. Dean could see his head coming out from over his foreskin, could see the pre-cum slip out and Cas’ thumb catching it to rub over his head. Christ, his cock looked good in Cas’ hand. He remembered the hand, its sure movements and strength, how it wrapped around without any trouble because they were bigger than a girl’s hand. Girl’s had a hard time joining their fingers and thumbs around Dean’s cock, not Cas, fitted around like it was made for holding Dean’s cock, made for jacking him off.
“I’m – fuck…” Tidal waves of pleasure washed over him as Cas pulled the orgasm from him. He could feel Cas faltering too, their orgasms aligning, cumming at the same time only made his orgasm that much better. Cas’ sinful noises were in his ear, his brutal thrusts slowing down to a grind. When they’d both spent as much as they could from each other they collapsed in a heap on the bed, limbs and cum and sweat all thrown down onto the sheets.
Dean didn’t need to be told twice, he moved quick, almost too quick, his hand having to reach for the side of the couch to steady himself. The copious amounts of alcohol running through their system turning things a little hazy.
The exam went as well as it could. Dean wasn’t after top grades, all he had to do was pass to get into the police academy. A degree was needed, the grade on that degree they didn’t seem too concerned about. He and Jo were discussing the exam while they walked through campus. The sun beating down on them. He stripped his shirt off, tying it around his waist.
He had to keep his head down and his neck in. No more slip ups, no more attitude and no more letting his anger show. He needed to be more like his brother, not rise to it. Easier said than done. That was hard when the Aryan Brotherhood were making it their mission to make Dean uncomfortable since the guard decided to point out his mouth in front of them. They passed the cell, eye fucking Dean, another reason to be glad of the security detail courtesy of his new celly.
,” he knows how that name winds Castiel up, not that others would know that of course. “bring…” he points at Dean not knowing his name.
Work detail had been a ball ache. The manager wanted he and Benny to take the bird shit off the roof of the maintenance sheds like anyone was going to able to see on top of the shed anyway. Manager put it down to Shurley’s orders and there was nothing she could do about it. Her hands were tied even though they had started yesterday on making some new fences that needed actual replacement, a real problem they had but no, Shurley wanted Dean scooping up bird shit off the roof of sheds so that’s what he had to do.
“Nah, see Dean the addicts were the distraction. Whoever wanted to start the riot used the addicts as a decoy. It was a cover.”
Dean needed to buy her a star in the sky as thanks for ending that phone call. He flipped over onto his side, thinking of what to send back. Cas bet him to it.
I’m so close.” He stuttered out, head sliding from his elbow due to hanging low between his shoulders. Cas reached out to get a hold of Dean’s aching cock that had been neglected for far too long. He whined at the touch, at how there was so much Cas he couldn’t really keep up with it. He let himself open an eye to see Cas’ hand around his cock, like it was made for the man.
“Dean!” A girl called out from the audience. People erupted in agreement. The guys nudged Dean’s shoulders to get him to do it and his reluctant coy behaviour faded away to sheer determination as he stepped closer to the girl’s body. His cheeks flushed from the alcohol.
Cas went back into his bedroom, reopening the email from PayPal. Three hundred dollars from giving two hand jobs. The thought of becoming a male escort currently seemed alluring. Not that he would be any good at it. Perhaps if it didn’t involve any talking. Men found Cas attractive till he spoke, then their interest dipped. Most of his hookups happened during a drunken state as he felt looser, could embody that part of himself that liked to take control without much reservation or concern. Cas tended to be drunk two, three times a week which usually meant he was sexually satisfied most of the time. Emphasis on most of the time. Recently his hook ups were not as satisfying as they once had been. The lack of connection itched away under his skin. The only thing that had changed in his life to lead to that being Dean.
He brings Dean around back, tells him to watch the step as they walk into the kitchen. Dean looks around while Castiel brings forward what pies are left from the back. Gabriel keeps them in warm space so they can stay fresher for longer. Dean isn’t saying much. Cas is usually trying to get Dean to stop talking, he puts it down to unfamiliar surroundings.
Castiel worked in the kitchen which meant he was gone early in the morning before Dean managed to see him and he didn’t see him for rec-time before dinner either. When they were back in their cells for lights out Castiel just read his book, kept to himself. It was peaceful, not what he had expected. The other Russian remained outside till the cells were locked. Even if the guy was there to protect Castiel, it gave Dean some peace of mind that no one would be trying to come in. He didn’t need Gordon or some AB looking to start something with Dean.
“How drunk are you man?” Dean crouches down beside him, hand on his thigh. Its warm, Dean’s whole body is warm and nice and Castiel appreciates it in so many ways. He notices Dean’s laughing. “I mean good to know you think I’m warm and all Cas, but I personally think hot might have been a better description, but I’ll take what I can get.” Castiel blushes, his internal monologue is slipping out into the world, something he has spent years mastering. The tequila is definitely lowering his inhibitions like Balthazar said.
His feet were moving before his brain kicked in. Walking, to jogging, to running to get to the center of the yard before the Russian got to Sam. He wasn’t quick enough. Dean watched as the Russian squared up to his little brother, smile so wide, threatening and taunting. He couldn’t hear what he was saying, just that whatever it was seemed to have pressed a button on his brother. Sam shoved the Russian with all he had. The Russian stumbled back, laughing and dove back in, his fist colliding with Sam’s jaw.
Sweet as Heaven was Gabriel’s bakery. He claimed the name was a big F you to the orphanage. Irony was always lost on Castiel.
“Deal us in.” Balthazar said at one point when they were finished with their conversation. Sam shuffled the cards, handed Cas, Gabriel and Balthazar a pair each. The urge to peak at Cas’ cards was there. He resisted. It seemed Cas didn’t have that same sentiment, leaning over into Dean’s space for a look.
“Ostav’ nas.” He said in Russian Dean presumed and the guy outside left without another word. Now that was some power. Dean might have been impressed if he wasn’t slightly shitting himself on the inside.
“Going to need more than a damn shrug Bobby. I live with the guy. What we talking here, rape, murder, rape and murder?”
Dean was this close to slamming this Russian into the bars behind him. Another Russian came out of his cell, walked away without looking back. Cas came forward then from inside the cell and put his hand on the guy’s shoulder.
He had enough alcohol in his system to head into the sitting room to join the crowd of bodies. The music loud enough to almost drown out the shouting and those singing along to the lyrics. He let the strong base work its way through his chest, loosening up his limbs and letting the alcohol do its job, reduce inhibitions and concerns.
He doesn’t even know if Dean is attracted men. Castiel thinks probably not, Dean’s a mechanic then he feels guilty for having such stereotypical hetero thoughts considering he himself is gay. It wasn’t like people go around with it written on their lapels what they are into. It’s hard to gauge, especially for Castiel. He’s not good with people in real life. Books, stories, words he can relate to people there. Outside of those pages he seems far removed from them. His sheltered up bringing he attempted to blame for it. Gabriel ruined that hypothesis. He could understand people like he understood sugar.
“Please.” Cas handed him his empty cup. He turned to lean against the countertop, watching Balthazar scoop whatever concoction Gabriel had made into the cups with the kitchen ladle. It was bright orange, almost fluorescent.
“I still feel like a major douchebag. How many apology pies you think you’ll need for this fuck up? Four? Eight? Eight pies and I’ll do your laundry for week to make up for it.”
“Idle hands are the devil’s work.” Crowley said like he had been listening in on this conversation since it began. Dean looked over at the English douche and took a chunk out of his chocolate bar unwavering his glare.
“Your dick wouldn’t be getting any if I didn’t help you out Dean.” Cas retorted. That was unfortunately true. He typed away, pretending to be Dean to Benny, setting up a date during the week. Not ten minutes later Cas handed back the phone. “There, Wednesday 6pm, his place. You’re welcome.”
He mulls over Dean’s question. Yes, he’s asking for this. All he does is take from Dean and Dean allows it. His thumb moves to Dean’s mouth, runs the pad of it under his bottom lip. He can see it drying. He takes so much but for this he wants Dean to want it too. Not to want it after it happens, or during it, he wants Dean to want it before it even begins.
“What he trying to fatten you up?” Dean joked. Sam didn’t respond, kept on walking to the end of the of the line to take his cutlery.
“Reading you a story,” His voice is calm and collected, as if Dean hadn’t just shouted in his face about how he felt minutes ago. He doesn’t understand. Dean doesn’t get a chance to object. Cas starts reading.
“Sam?” he replied groggily. He tried to lift his hand up to his face, block out some of that light when cold metal pressed into his wrist. Dean was handcuffed to the bed. Turning his head towards the voice he saw his brother lying beside him in another bed, arm in a sling, face bruised, gauze on his eyebrow covering stitches. “You look like crap."
Dean wanted to say he woke up content and he did, for all of five seconds then he remembered who owned the warm body pressed against his back and more importantly what that warm body did to him last night.
“Yes Dean.” Cas replied. Voice wrecked. Dean smiled at that, liked to know Cas wasn’t as cool and collected as he tended to be in these situations, that it wasn’t just Dean who was falling apart. The times he had thought about doing this to Cas, to imagine what Cas would look like was nothing compared to the real thing. Cas’ blissed out face, his mouth open and slack, teeth and tongue on show as he let Dean jack him off, giving himself over like it was as easy as breathing.
Dean went from not wanting to leave his kid to not wanting to leave Cas. They had an epic morning, slow sleepy kisses that turned into slow sleepy hand jobs then more making out under Cas’ incredible shower and to top it all off Cas made him pancakes for breakfast, with bacon.
“I think I’m adorable.” Dean replied playfully, reaching his own hand down to mimic Cas’ movements, losing his hand in the midnight of Cas’ hair. Those bright blues smiling up at him. Dean had spent so long calling them cold blues, they weren’t though. Dean knew what cold was, the Empty, that was cold. Initially he chalked Cas’ eyes down to being like a Nordic sea when the more he looked at them, they seemed to be from warmer climates.
The slow realisation of what he’d have to do to sell this was creeping its way into his mind. Images of following Cas around, sitting at the Russian table, losing any sense of autonomy he had. Sure, it wasn’t like Dean didn’t want Cas. He did, just not like
“Like you said last night, who would believe you anyway?” Cas smirked. Dean liked the Russian’s smile. The tiniest lift of the side of his mouth was endearing. A smile he never saw outside of these four concrete walls they shared. His façade quick to drop when he alone with Dean. It made him think Cas trusted him.
Dean let his head fall back onto the soft covers, staring up at the ceiling as he felt Cas begin to suck a mark on his lower abdomen. He couldn’t watch and listen, couldn’t feel and talk. His free hand went to tug at his own hair, trying to not buck his hips, trying to let Cas do whatever he wanted because
“I can do what now?” Dean asks. He must be too tired, has to be. Cas did not suggest Dean sleep fall asleep on him here in the basement of their apartment building.
Right yeah, why did Dean care? Feelings, that’s why. He crossed his arms defensively, as if that was going to protect his heart from the outside world, from Cas. He attempted an air of pissed off in his voice, praying that Cas would buy it and not question why Dean tried to stop a fight, why he then went searching for Cas to make sure he was ok and then proceeded to give him a once over like a damn housewife. There was no one around, there was no need to act like prag, except Dean wasn’t acting like one, at least not the “acting” part.
His brother wasn’t having any of it though. “Don’t do that to yourself Dean, don’t beat yourself up over this. Gordon deserved what he got.”
Dean keeps his distance after that. He brushes past Castiel in the hall, takes the stairs instead of the lift even if Castiel is in it. He even see’s Castiel in the basement doing his laundry and turns right around to go back upstairs. His jaw and shoulders never looked tighter to Castiel. The relaxed and happy Dean is gone and Castiel misses him. This Dean is angry or at least when Castiel is around him. Castiel tries not to pay much attention to the fact that Dean still keeps his music down in the evenings.
“Why’d you… you stop?” Cas said, slurring parts of his speech as his body picked and chose where the remaining liters of his blood flowed to. Cas had a vague recollection of the dream; him being part angel probably helped with him not fully succumbing to the poison, but flickers of a fantasy still played in the back of his mind. He opened his eyes part ways, bleary eyed from the change in light. Cas caught the last glimpses of Dean’s expression—an open, aching relief while staring at Cas—before it shuttered into a more neutral, angry look.Dean stood and started pacing.
“Cute.” Dean shifted, moving so he could indicate that he was shrugging his shoulders in bed, that overachiever, before settling back down. “Or, you know. Maybe you just wanted to do something simple and kind for yourself, and have someone validate that yes, you can and should do things without always putting others first.”
“Yes, you absolute tease. I fuckin’ like you. Now, please come here,” Dean spluttered out, a mixture of reverence and exasperation intoned in his voice, and Cas looked one more time to see Dean’s pupils blown wide before answering Dean’s prayer without the use of a single, understandable word.
“Bud, my brain was kinda working on auto pilot. I’m—I didn’t really want that tonight, or have for awhile. We have Jack to think of.” Dean’s eyes finally met Cas’s, and Cas squinted at the man beside him, consternation prevalent on his face.
Dean had leaned in closer now. Cas could smell the faintness of alcohol on his breath and the scent of his leather jacket he wore, his eyelashes fluttering as the wind continued to flow past both of them, breaking and reforming around them like they were one. Cas could count the number of freckles on Dean’s face, a sight more breathtaking than the stars he had just been looking at, more beautiful than the creation of said stars all those millennia ago. His eyes didn’t know where to stay put on Dean’s face, so they didn’t; they wandered the planes of Dean’s jawbone, past his chapped lips and up to his forest green eyes, a place Cas called home for what he saw in them. Cas hadn’t meant for his eyes to roam so freely, but he wouldn’t apologize. Not for this.
Dean’s face lit up with exasperation and impatience; Cas thought it was a good look on him. “Dumbass,” Dean all but growled before finally, finally dropping his unopened beer and grabbing Cas by the collar of his sweater (one Dean had gotten him when he first moved in, a bee buzzing along through a few tufts of grass), pulling him to meet in the middle and their their lips crushing together.
It could be loosely compared to what American’s felt like when viewing everything they could indulge in on Thanksgiving, but this was years in the making. Cas was starving.
All of this was to say he would take on the apocalypse, replay the tumble from on High to Earth, and donate another liter of blood to the local motel bathroom rather than figure out what hell to do with all of these hair products.
Cas felt the vinyl type seating beneath him, and the distant sound of a scissors brought him back from his memories.
Cas cupped Dean’s face in his hands, his thumb sliding over his jaw. “You deserve this because you are righteous in every sense of the word. And I deserve this too.” Cas surmised, a flutter of excitement in his stomach when Dean smiled at him. He knew he could be happy with just living next to Dean, adjacent to him for however long he was allowed—he had done it for years. But he wanted to have this as well, this simple action of loving the kindest and most extraordinary human being he had ever met. He didn’t want his self-doubt to destroy something achingly beautiful, he didn’t want Chuck or any other higher being to have power over him or his loved ones.
So when those patrons finally drove out of the lot and Dean all but smashed his bottle against the ground to corral Cas against the wall again, Cas laid a hand on his shoulder and lightly pushed. Dean’s eyes widened, but stepped aside instantly and allowed Cas to walk past him and into the bar, knowing he wasn’t in the right space to hear what Dean would say to his proclamation and not knowing if he could handle the answer he didn’t want to hear.
“Umm, I don’t think so. He does have a GED and give ‘em hell attitude!” Jack responded, causing Cas to choke on apparently some really thick air and Matt to bark out a laugh.
“Mine?” Cas pointed to himself, and quickly put his hand down when he realized that yes, Matt did say him. “Jack.” Cas turned around and pulled out the keys to the Impala, giving them to Jack in his un-lollied hand. “Could you get in the car for me, this will be super fast.”
Cas could hear Sam choking over the speaker; he wondered if he caught him in the middle of his supper, though it was 1:22am. Maybe a snack; Sam did enjoy rabbit food at all hours of the day and Cas couldn’t judge. He once ate raw hamburger off the floor but that was a spe—
“You deserve everything,” Dean responded in kind. They drifted for a bit after, comforted by the simple fact of being in each other’s orbits. Cas fell back to sleep with a prayer settling in his mind from Dean.
The lady on his left whispered something to him (or said it in a normal voice, as it was quite loud at the counter), placing her hand on his shoulder right where Cas’s handprint had resided for so long. He felt an ache in his chest, a string almost at its last thread about to be fully spun out; Cas didn’t have the fortitude to shoulder that tonight. He could allow himself to live in a blissful dreamscape that him being with Dean was still possible, he had earned that. Still, he watched for Dean’s reaction; he stumbled a bit with his sentences at first despite Cas’s thought that he would know the woman wanted to flirt, and then replied back in a low, sensual voice and was accompanied by laughter via the lady. Cas resigned himself to a common but still heartbreaking outcome he knew would come of this, and grabbed his water and Sam and Eileen’s drinks, leaving Dean there none the wiser the angel had left.
Crush. Cas was Dean’s crush. Cas stared at Dean, while the man himself looked befuddled as to what exactly Cas was caught up on. They had got it wrong; they had got it both so, so wrong. Cas had been friends with Cupid and still couldn’t tell when two people were apparently each other's crushes.
“Ready,” Cas responded, allowing Dean to do an obligatory check to make sure he had succeeded in properly dressing himself as a human; it also allowed him time to look at Dean without a mirror between them.
“The color.” Cas coughed, clearing his throat. “It looked good on you.” Dean’s cheeks flushed scarlet, and he quickly found something to do with his hands, grabbing a few books and placing them at random on another stack. Cas realized he had made Dean uncomfortable, but he still managed to parse out a “thank you” for watching Jack. By the look Dean gave him, they both understood the hidden meaning. Cas took his leave before his nerves got the best of him, so he was just at the junction of the doorway when he heard Dean’s reply.
Cas’s brain was flashing error as all his thoughts were thrown out the window, said good riddance to, and said window locked tight. Cas was left with the feeling of Dean’s lips against his own, plush and chapped and Cas’s instincts, human or angel or just his, finally kicked in. He responded in earnest, pushing back and reaching up to grab onto Dean’s forearms, distantly hearing the bowl of popcorn fall off his lap as Dean pulled Cas into his lap and muffled a groan into Cas’s mouth. Cas’s sweater neckline was loosening from Dean’s forceful hold, so Dean let go before immediately grabbing onto Cas’s hair, pulling at the curls and electing a moan from deep inside Cas’s chest.
“Dean,” Cas replied with a narrowing of his eyebrows, “I am an angel of the lord. I had the duty to make sure no one stepped on thee fish. There were more important things at hand.”
“Cas, look at me.” Cas met Dean’s eyes, his hands on either side of Cas’s face, and one thumb rubbing absentmindedly against his cheek. “You are not just a fling. That statement cannot coexist with you in any sense of the word, much less how I feel about you.” Dean’s eyes moved back and forth, catching Cas’s gaze over and over until all he could see was a hope in Dean’s eyes that mirrored his own.
“Dad! Please don’t do that again,” Jack mumbled into his shirt, and Cas lifted him up into his arms, promising he wouldn’t. He looked at Sam, mouthing a ‘thank you’ for taking care of Jack while he had been out, but Sam merely waved him off.
“No. I just,” Cas faltered on what to say, then took the words that many say in stressful situation to heart and thought ‘fuck it’, and, well, he did, “Could I sit down? I wanted to talk about something.” Dean’s face morphed from conversational to wary, but he patted the couch seat next to him and Cas ambled over and sat cross legged across from him. Dean smiled faintly at Cas’s seating arrangement but schooled his face into a neutral party once more. “I—” Cas could feel the same itching feeling he had during the bar scene, and realized this was harder than any challenge he had ever taken on during his consciousness.
Cas had been overwhelmed before; exhibit A to D of times Castiel, Angel of the Lord, thought he was well and truly (pardon his language) fucked. Miraculously, and with a couple plays with the King of Hell, he had managed; his fall was not a saunter vaguely downwards, but a hard hit in which only his perseverance kept him alive; the apocalypse came and went with a few liters of blood lost and normal, banal humans not knowing anything of the sort (which was the goal but a little recognition would be nice); raising a child after being back from the dead had been surprisingly easy, stepping into something he hadn’t known he needed until he took Jack for ice cream and watched his face light up as he requested more and more sprinkles; and his absolute and unending love for Dean Winchester, well, Cas had thought that was the cherry on top for Cas being Fucked, but apparently there was something worse.
Making his way inside Cas vividly remembered why he hated going to bars; it wasn’t the patrons that were bad, nor the food and libations served, but the weighing mess of watching Dean flirt and leave with someone that drained Cas mentally. It had been almost a year since he last went to the bar; Jack had been a handful and sensitive like any other five-year-old, and Cas wanted to make sure that he didn’t seem like an absent father (it tended to run in the family) toward his son. Plus it was a convenient excuse to play against Dean, and Cas was usually too exhausted to wait up and wonder (worry) if Dean was going to be home or not. But this time Cas said he would come because Sam and Eileen had managed quite a feat of a case… and Dean had unknowingly asked Claire to babysit Jack before Cas could use him as an excuse.
Cas answered it with a leg slotted between Dean’s own and a mumbled “yes” ghosting through the air, a promise not needed to be written down as it lived in them both.
“Sorry!” Jack said, not even trying to act apologetic. Cas raised one of his eye brows, and Jack huffed and closed his eyes once more, whispering something under his breath. When Cas hesitantly looked into the mirror again, he breathed a sigh of relief; his hair was normal again.
Dean’s shoulders stiffened, and he set down the knife he was using to chop carrots (they were having chicken noodle soup) before answering. “Yeah,” he said slowly, not knowing exactly where this conversation would lead to, “they’re okay. Didn’t know what happened to them and when they woke up we were already out of the building. They chalked it up to drug use since they all frequented the same places, so I let them believe it after I got them checked into the hospital.” Cas nodded; that would make sense why nothing came up in the papers.
It was nearing the end of Dean’s trip, bound to return back to the Bunker, when Cas started to feel nervous. He understood on some level that, yes, he had changed something about himself and Dean’s opinion wasn’t that important, but he also realized that he wanted Dean to notice. Cas just didn’t know if he would. He knew Dean probably had other things on his mind before noticing Cas’s hair progression, and other people he found more interesting—Dean flirting with the bartenders whenever they went out was a given. Not that Cas found that bad to do. No, just… Cas’s eyes would inevitably end up straying to his half empty plate of appetizers before making his way outside to look at the stars, not needing to see Dean’s potential lovers just yet. See his day being kicked out of the Bunker play behind his eyelids.
Jack’s haircut had undoubtedly begun, if the copious amount of hair on the tiled floor eyes he could finally see again had anything to do with it. Matt had met Dean before, and he had an uncanny knack for remembering faces and hairstyles, so he knew what Jack had asked for. Cas and Dean had talked to Jack about what length they thought he should consider for his haircut; it was summer, bound to be sweltering and muggy, but other than that they didn’t care what Jack did. Him asking for a haircut like Dean’s shouldn’t have surprised him as much as it did; Dean had been teaching Jack how to style his hair, and for a four year old his hair looked better than Cas’s did even on one of his good days. It was probably a good thing he chose Dean as well because of the fire hazard his longer hair had posed, literally.
Cas felt more prepared this time than before, for obvious reasons. He had disposed of the orange shampoo that had turned his hair purple (no, he didn’t understand either), and had matched the different types of hair products to his own. He now realized how odd it must have seemed to Matt when Cas had just started grabbing products Matt suggested and not actually reading the labels but Cas would give himself a pass.
Jack, for all unintended purposes, thought Cas’s hair was a riot. Cas had already his hands full (literally) trying to scrub out the color and now he had the added bonus of his son wanting to put said color in his hair; Cas wasn’t against it, but he wished to only have to deal with one thing at a time. To be honest Cas didn’t want to show Jack his hair due to his slight telepathy they had found he had when Dean started to bang his head against the wall when he kept on hearing a voice plea for dinosaur shaped chicken nuggets during lunch time one day. If Jack knew about it, then he could possibly tell Dean and Cas didn’t want to know the jokes which would emerge from that. So he compromised with his four year old son/aforementioned past God and told him if he didn’t tell Dean then he could pick out any color he wanted for his hair—proper hair coloring.
“You never answered my question.” Cas’s lungs indulged themselves with a few lungfuls of air while pushing Dean down from chasing his lips; there would be more of that later, soon, quickly. Fuck. “Does this mean you like me as well?”
“As someone who does this professionally, I can tell you with 100% truthfulness that you look better than Dean.” Matt allowed Jack to sneak another lolly into his pocket before taking back the candy dish. Cas handed Matt the proper payment and tipped the man extra for keeping up with Jack’s unfiltered joy and seemingly endless questions about everything between hair to how he thought whales used their hips underwater.
“That is fair Sam. Thank you,” Cas said, appreciating Sam’s help, then: “Wait, what did you say about Dea—” The phone beeped, and Cas looked down to see that the call had ended.
“Dean. I’ll be fine. Promise.” Dean shuffled on his feet for a moment, before reaching out and grabbing Cas’s shoulders. Cas let out a small umph before realizing that Dean was hugging him, a new occurrence. Cas usually had to instigate the hugs, but he didn’t mind this at all.
Jack squinted at Cas, tilting his head in a motion perfected to his own. “I am exploring.” Jack held up his fingers as he counted. “And I’m learning; the garden, cooking with Dean, all of that!” He smiled, one of his front baby teeth missing, and Cas reached across to take Jack into his arms and cocoon him against his chest, feeling his broken wings wrap around them both to protect this moment. “Besides,” Jack continued, pulling away from Cas so they can talk face to face, “Mom told me you would keep me safe! You did. You are my dad—and you make really good honey.” Cas laughed at that last part.
“He’s a good kid. He learned from the best.” Cas thought Sam meant Dean, since they spent so much time together, until he realized that Sam ment him. He didn’t know how to respond to that, realizing that somewhere along the way he and Sam had become family as well, but he didn’t need to worry. Sam nodded his head with a smile and an acknowledgement before going to clean up the kitchen and Cas followed suit with Jack.
“What—what do you mean about me not liking you?” Cas questioned, his voice eliciting a whole cacophony of displeasure at Dean’s statement and causing Dean to furrow his brow.
Cas was just wondering how long he could reasonably stay out here until he started to feel the wind chill through his (Dean’s) flannel when the door to the bar opened. He expected another patron to walk by, but instead Cas found himself standing shoulder to shoulder with another patron; he could tell who it was by the very rhythm of their breathing, the steadiness of their heart rate that Cas could still instinctively pick out despite his fading grace.
Chuck was a fool to give free will to humans, Cas believed, to allow them to create so much havoc and tragedy but still come together to protect one another and say ‘you are worth everything even if you believe in nothing. I will believe for you until you can carry that banner with pride.’
“It’s all good.” Dean waved Cas off, not able to look Cas in the face, and turned around to lead the way out.
“Dean, you can be in a relationship and be a father to Jack, if that is what you are worried about.” Cas felt his lungs tightening with every word told to Dean, but Cas knew, he knew, that Dean deserved to be happy and have what he wanted. Dean would always be a father to Jack, but plenty of children had split parents (not that he and Dean were ever together, of course) so it wouldn’t be uncommon or cause an issue for Dean to be with someone he loved.
The whole scene was still a bit of a mess (no pun intended). He couldn’t remember how long he had been under, but judging by the relatively decent state he was in it wasn’t that long. If he dug his talons in far enough back he could faintly remember Dean storming in like the Horseman of Death. Cas knew he needed to thank Dean for saving him, but a small part of him was worried that if the chance came up Dean would realize how insignificant of a role Cas could play now and send him packing, again. He sighed and finished changing out of Dean’s clothing, missing them right as they came off.
Their relationship had never been strained, but that conversation had seemed to finally help cement who they were to one another and not Cas believing that Jack was staying through some obligation.
Cas froze instantly, his brain analyzing that this was finally happening and Dean had cheated out of his answer, which was rude, and didn’t some movie say all thoughts froze when—
“It’s not my fault that you just decided to actually wash your hair properly. I know it was you stealing my shampoo, hun. You ain’t subtle.”
“I love it,” Cas replied and reached to mess up Jack’s just done hair. Jack squawked and ducked out of the way.
Along the way his hair had gotten curly as well, a few locks falling over his forehead and almost tickling his eyes. He was happy with the results for such a short time frame, though his leftover angelic grace probably had something to do with it, and Jack seemed to be too, as it allowed him to change hair colors in return for not telling Dean.
Now it was Dean’s turn to fidget, grabbing an unopened bottle of beer and rolling it between his hands. “Yeah, I do. Look, I know you want to make this as painless as possible with both of us raising Jack despite you not liking me very much, and we’ll make it work. We always do, right?” Dean raised his lips into half a smile, but it didn’t look real. Cas’s brain was still filtering in what Dean had said because he was staring at Dean’s lips when his brain reached the “not liking part” and he stopped breathing.
“I mean when you pushed me away? At the bar?” Dean’s response read like questions, as if he was remembering the night wrong, then: “yeah.” Dean laughed, a hollow sound ringing through it. “I know I would remember when my crush pushed me away before I could kiss them.
“Probably had to urinate after all those fluids,” Cas mused and continued on his hair care quiz he was currently taking.
“I—.” Cas couldn’t get the words out, his body both completely in tune with Dean’s location and body heat and in chaos with his own thoughts. He had always controlled himself by the thought that simply being around Dean, being alive with Jack and creating a family without explanation, was enough, and it had been—it had sufficed through so many turbulences. But one can only contain a wildfire for so long before either smothering it completely or running out of its path. Him saying it was the added spark to kindle the dying embers, to stop him from worrying how Dean would act if he told him and put his mind at rest finally. Cas had thought about this though, where he would tell Dean; it didn’t have to be special in societal terms, he thought, not in the way of a fancy restaurant or dressing up, but instead special to them.
“I can tell you that he’s not killing any that didn’t deserve it, but when we talked this morning he told me he was hunting a shifter in Wisconsin.”
"Cas...made a deal..." Dean looked more in pain recounting that fateful night to Sam than ever before. "I said 'please don't do this, Cas' like my life depended on it, but the Empty was there and he shoved me out of the way and let it take him willingly."
A sob louder than Dean would ever let out in front of someone escaped. He sat heads in his hands, shoulders shaking, breath hard and irregular for a while. Inconsolable.
Without the haze of alcohol, the loss stung in a way Dean had been avoiding. All encompassing fear and sorrow. His lip quivered as he sucked in a tearful breath. Mandy tentatively placed a hand on his shoulder, and drew him closer and into a hug. They remained like that until dusk.
“You’re going to have to open the door since I won’t be able to hear you otherwise.” The door opened wide. Dean was fuming and crying. Eileen’s expression and mood softened.
"Dean, think about it. Our parents fell in love because of a cupid. Eileen and I weren't a choice. I mean now yeah but—"
“It’s Mandy! Jesus, you can’t even keep a first name straight!” She got off of him and began dressing quickly.
“We’re not ‘galavanting’, we are working to get your attention. We are a little short on angel grace these days, so you’ve got to come to us. We want to get Cas back.”
“Shut up!” Sam yelled, “we can do this the easy way or the hard way. Easy way is you do what we ask and we leave you alone. The hard way is…well…” Eileen flashed Ruby’s demon blade. The demon flashed his black eyes, his temper flared.
“A little? Dean, look,” he gestured to the full trash can, “you won’t deal with losing Cas, instead you just keep drinking, sleeping around, and hiding away in your room! You need help, because if we’re right, he can’t come back to this,” The last word Sam looked Dean up and down and shook his head in disappointment.
“Sam, this is the fifth crossroads demon we’ve tried and had to exorcise. I don’t think this is working. They won’t help us.”
“I didn’t come here to exchange pleasantries, tell me, why is your brother and his lady killing my loyal subjects?”
Sam finished getting everything and walked back to Dean's room in record time. When he entered, Dean's eyes were shut and he was leaning against the back of his bed, lamp still on. He was relieved to see his brother asleep in his own bed even if his position was surely going to result in neck pain tomorrow. Sam placed everything on his table and went to turn off the lamp. When Deans hand stopped him.
“How I felt?” Dean paused and wondered. “I don’t think so and I didn’t get a chance to tell him. Things were...cut short.”
“Took it from the demon in Indiana the other night.” Tonight would be fun. Sam grabbed two beers, opened the tops and the two celebrated a win for a change.
a/n: This chapter took me a long time to write because of crippling depression but nevertheless I persisted. I hope you all enjoy it.
“And why, then, would I? Don’t you think if Jack could save Castiel he already would’ve? Or Jack would listen to your prayers? You have tried praying to him?”
“Cas, I mean he was Cas you know. If you saw him, you’d never even think twice about him but he was one of the best people I ever fought with…” Dean pulled out his phone and began searching for an image. He stopped when he found it. It was of Cas beaming, nose scrunched. His eyes shone with joy. “Here,” he passed her the phone and pointed at the screen, “You’d never think he’d be so lethal, but he was. I never felt scared fightin’ with him by my side ‘til that night. He just, he always surprised me. Then,” Dean sighed, “Then he had to go and save me...”
Something clicked for her, her eyes opening slightly wider in realization, “Oh... did he love you?” There was something about Mandy that was refreshing. Maybe it was because she was a stranger and didn’t judge him, but around her, in that moment it was easier than ever for him to be who he truly was. Despite his hard exterior, he looked up at the stars and tears welled in his eyes, he nodded yes. Then he felt the back of her hand gently tap the back of his, passing the cigarette into it. He lifted it to his mouth, the warm smoke filling his lungs. He hadn’t done this since he was a kid, before he had to sit in school for a DARE class. Something about those blackened lungs stuck with him and he swore up and down he’d never smoke again, but that was before he lost Cas. She lit another of her own.
Although Sam had questions he decided that they could wait until the morning. In the meantime he was needed with his brother. He gently coaxed Dean to his feet, his be other swaying from a combination of alcohol, loss, and exhaustion. When Dean was steadied, they began the slow walk down the hall and to his bedroom. Sam pulled a pair of flannel pajama pants, a t-shirt, and Dean's favorite grey robe and set them on the bed next to Dean.
Dean stared at the empty glass, a bead of whiskey clinging to the bottom. The bottle across the table from him was empty.
“Watch this!” Sam took a long drag, held his breath, and then blew a smoke ring, Eileen beamed at Sam and clapped her hands with glee. She motioned for Sam to pass it, and taking a drag herself, she brought Sam’s close to her face. Opening his mouth to kiss her, she slowly let out the smoke, and Sam inhaled it and closed the distance between them. Kissing Eileen felt like coming home.
He threaded his fingers with hers and pulled her on top of him. To be with her and free of any spell or Chuck’s meddling was nothing short of miraculous. It felt better than anything Chuck had ever done. Here she was, strong, warm, beautiful, so fucking beautiful and she was with him by choice. There was no doubt that what he felt for her weeks earlier was only a glimmer of the very real feelings he had. Their kissing continued to deepen, getting more and more desperate.
Dean sat at the bar signalling for another round. Upside down shot glasses lined in front of him. The bartender finished pouring a drink, and leant forward her low cut top exposing more than a little bit of cleavage. “Another?” She spoke, Dean licked his lips and leveled a smouldering look at her. Meanwhile, two girls eye him from a distance.
Chuckling out the smoke, “Fork and knife pizza? I know I don’t really know you but like you’ve got to have better standards than that!”
Next chapter has Charlie. I guess its a little au in the sense that i don't accept her death so the charlie we get is the charlie we love not the other verse charlie. XD
"Cas has been back and forth between the Empty and here a few times." The younger Winchester was ever the optimist.
On one unremarkable night while Sam and Eileen were on a job, Dean repeated his ritual, except this girl, with the short dark hair and sky blue eyes nearly stopped him dead in the water. Somehow she convinced him to dance to a song and she did everything right. She went shot for shot with him, had a dry literal sense of humor about her and an angel wing tattoo on full display on her back.
A/N: The next chapter is already mapped out so hopefully it doesn’t take that long to come out. Bonus Rowena will be back!
“We think we can break him out.”  Eileen stated. Rowena scoffed, “It is a long shot, but you’re magic has done crazier things.”
“At least for you, if you die, you go to the same place,” Dean spoke softly into his drink. Her phone rang. Dean continued to sip staring at his glass, searching for the bottom. She stood from her seat, “Hello?....Really now?....Uh-huh,” after hanging up the phone she turned to Dean, “it appears that I am needed elsewhere. A queen’s job never ends. As always, Dean, it’s been a pleasure.”
The weight of this topic is not lost on me, nor is the environment in which it was written in. If you or a loved one is struggling due to loss or due to the COVID-19 pandemic, help is available for you.
‘I ruined him,’ he thought. ‘Cas you LEFT ME! You always leave me. You left me like my mom left me. Like my dad left me. Like Sam left me. I told you don’t do this! I didn’t want you to leave me! I wanted you to stay! And you fucking left me AGAIN!’
“So... if it’s not your brother, then…” she stopped, gears turning, and then she got it, just above a whisper she spoke, “Castiel?”
Sam silently picked up his brother's clothes off the floor, fishing in the back pocket he pulled out his phone and plugged it into the charger, and shut his bedroom door. Lamp light pouring through the empty space between the door and the floor.
“Wanna talk about what happened?” She didn’t judge him. Something about her reminded him of Charlie.
"That's ok. I'm going to make you a PB & J anyways. You don't have to eat it if you don't want it but it'll be there if your stomach changes its mind." With that, Sam left Dean's room. After a few steps he paused and pulled out his phone. Eileen had called. Rather than video her back, Sam decided instead to text her:
“Nope. That was me.” Dean was colder to her than he had intended, but truthfully he just wanted to be left alone.
“Well we have to try. I’ll give Dean a call and let him know we are going to grab another case while we are out here.”
It was Dean's drunken reply that startled Sam the most, "No, Sammy, I loved him loved him." A tidal wave of pain and emotion washed over his brother's face and tears filled his eyes. Tears that Sam thought would never stop flowing.
She threw her head back in laughter while Dean took a drag from her last cigarette, “Special? I don’t think he was necessarily special unless you call eating pizza with a knife and fork special. But he did make me laugh.”
Hot bitter tears fell and an anger filled him. Behind that was frustration, fear, love, pain, loss, everything. Anger was the only thing he could hang onto and so he whipped the glass clear across the room shattering it against the brick wall. Then the bottle. Then the lamp. Then the chair and a second and a third and a fourth. The framed photos of founding Men of Letters crashing down. Finally he flipped the table and it slid against the rubble. His body screamed in the release of all that tension and his breath became faster than he could catch. His balled fists pounded at his thighs, his head hung and face twisted in pain.
Sam walked into the main room of the Bunker late after a night with Eileen. The table was covered with alcohol, photos, and research books. He spied his brother folded on the floor in a fetal position, using a whiskey bottle as a pillow, with stains from tears silently shed earlier that night on his face. It hurt to see his brother in such a state...so lost... Eyeing the photographs, one in particular stood out, it was of Dean, Jack, and Cas in the Impala taken on a whim by Sam one afternoon on the road. His heart panged with loss, and tears began to form in his eyes. Another minute locking eyes with Cas and Jack, and he was certain that he would be in the same position as his brother was now. Out of sad and nervous energy, Sam began cleaning up bottles and sopping up pools of spilled liquor. He cursed himself as two bottles clinked together causing his brother to stir.
“Um hmm? I believe you were looking to meet with me?” Rowena’s voice startled Sam so much he practically threw Eileen off of him.
Then beyond any of his will he wasn’t staring up at tonight’s Mystery Woman, but he was getting lost in someone else’s ocean eyes. He was surrounded by sweat, muscle, and the scent of ozone mixed with a musk that reminded him of a church. Dean’s eyelids fluttered shut and his breathing became irregular. Imagining his mouth falling agape, sucking in a breath and panting out a gravely, “Dean.” Just as he does each night in his dreams like a ghost. It is enough to send Dean nearly bursting, and in his delusion he panted out a very real, a very outloud, “fuck, Cas, yes.” He was met, however, with a sound of complete disgust, and the very real image of Mystery Woman.
Sam had assumed that the other Winchester brother was oblivious to these feelings, surely Cas was. They were so blatant that only those who felt them were in the dark. They were always too close to see. Except for when they were on an extended "break" either due to heaven, Purgatory, or plain idiocracy. During those times, Sam often wondered when Dean would finally spill and admit he was in love with his best friend but it never came. He worried that with Cas's death Dean would be lost to the pits of his own despair. His own version of the Empty on Earth. Dean being Dean refused to speak of it. Not even a whisper of the sorrow that he wore so clearly on his face and carried on his shoulders.
Dean nodded listening, his face drawn of all joy. He looked up from his now empty glass. She offered him a second, “I’m good...I’m not even sure I got a chance. Maybe ten seconds.”
“I leave one Winchester drunk to find another higher than a kite tartin’ around with a hunter. How the Winchesters have fallen. Samuel, good taste in women,” Eileen smiled, Rowena continued,
Ripping her hand away, “Stop! Just stop! I’m done.” Dean stopped himself from yelling and continued, “I told you what I know, you’re just going to have to go talk to Sam. Wherever the hell he is.”
“bad taste in weed. This room smells worse than a Dave Matthews Band concert. Now whatever the two of you have cooked up, won’t work. I’ve seen your brother, he doesn’t need more magic or demons, he needs therapy.”
"I should have fought for him. I should have followed him into the Empty. I should have done something." Dean was mercilessly hard on himself. "I didn't even have the nerve to say 'I love you too'. I couldn't even give him that. He gave everything to us. To me...He saw things in me that I only dreamed of being. I loved him. I knew I loved him. I've loved him for years and I didn't tell him...I didn't tell him," and a quiet calm fell on him. Dean allowed Sam to hold him through his sobs. Almost like a prayer Dean continued so quietly Sam could barely hear the repeated
Rowena stood at the entrance to the Bunker debating with herself on how to best get Dean’s attention, then she decided to do the most sensible thing, call him.
He lifted his head and shouted pointing up at the ceiling, “You hear that Cas! Castiel! Do you hear me? I hate you! I didn’t want you to leave and you left me! You left me to deal with life without you in it! And I hate you because I can’t hate you! Because I can’t stop loving you!” His voice cracked and the inescapable tears fell, “Fuck!” He rubbed his face, yawned, and walked away shaking his head. He’d clean things up tomorrow.
“That’s some heavy shit.” She said, Dean nodded again. They stayed like that talking for several hours casually talking and opening up to each other. She gave him space to be sad and reminisce without being sad herself.
"I-I know, Dean..." Sam let out a small sigh. He was helpless against Dean's grief. It was the first time he ever heard his brother say how he felt out loud. It was obvious to Sam, and everyone else for that matter, early on, when Dean and Cas had begun to grow close, that they had something more than a "profound bond" between them. Possibly it was the way the angel's eyes would linger just a little too long on Dean's face, or how Cas would stand just a little too close to his brother. Maybe it was the way Dean would straighten up at the sight of Cas, the same way that he would when around a particularly attractive woman. Perhaps it was his unyielding faith in the angel. No, it was far simpler, it was the fact that those lingering glances were returned with a certain sparkle in Dean's eye that no one else, not even Lisa, could bring out.
She nodded, “Sounds like a saint,” and Dean gave a nod in agreement. “What branch were you two in?” He thanked his lucky stars for her assumption.
"Why? If anything we have more help on our side." Ever hopeful Sam Winchester couldn't help but want to try. Fighting through the grief was somewhat second nature to him.
“Last I knew this was for you.” He turned his head. It didn’t matter what she looked like. She was not Cas, but she was here and that was enough for Dean. Tomorrow night it would be a different face with him on the dance floor and then in the back of a random Men of Letters car. And no matter the girls, none erased the nightmares he faced at night. The nightmares that left him feeling hollow. Nightmares that weren’t nightmares at all, but always ended with him and Cas.
Dean was reeling. Are you fucking serious! Dean resisted the urge to destroy more of the library than he already had and managed to clean the rest of the space up, and then walked to his room and slammed the door shut.
“I remember when I first held Fergus. He was perfect, but I knew I was bad for him. I couldn’t care for him like he would need. I was too selfish. Too power hungry. Then when I met him again it felt like the universe had said, ‘now is your chance’, but I missed it. I missed the chance to be his mother, for him to be my son.” Tears filled her eyes. Rowena desperately missed her son, there was no use hiding that. She would never get to see him in his afterlife in the Empty.
"That's because Cas is—was an angel. Strict no human policy remember? I've read every book in here forwards and backwards searching for weeks. You can't summon the empty on Earth. Especially not us."
“Hello, Dean, have a minute to chat? I am outside the door, be a dear and come let Auntie Rowena in.” He debated with himself, but ultimately made his way to the bunker’s entry way.
"Get changed. You will feel a little more comfortable. I am going to the kitchen to get you water and tylenol. Have you eaten?"
It was barely dawn when Sam and Eileen returned to the bunker to find the mess. Rowena had promised to meet with them the following day at a nearby cafe.
A soft and sad groan escaped Dean's mouth. Sam took that as his cue to leave and come back for the next round of bottles. This routine continued for a week with new bottles each night and the stacks of research books growing taller. While Sam was cleaning up things on this latest night he was too tired to pay attention to his steps and his foot kicked his brother's boot a bit too hard.
"No Sam." Dean's voice turned from sorrow to serious. "Chuck said that every time Cas and I followed orders. In all the other worlds Cas never fell from heaven. We never became best friends. We never..." he trailed off his tone returning sorrowful. "The only thing that was real in this entire world was Cas and I. And I let him go like I always did. This time though he's not coming back, Sammy, and I gotta live with that. Everyday."
It was a long shot, but the demon actually agreed to get their message to Rowena. The pair had skipped town fast enough that the demon wouldn’t be a problem for them. At the motel, Eileen began digging for something in her bag, after finding it a wicked smile flashed across her face.
“AA and therapy? Really?” He waited for Sam to back down, when that didn’t happen, “Go to hell, Sam.”
Sam racked his brain for something, a lyric from a song or a profound quote on grief that he could say and help ease some of Dean's heartbreak but he found nothing would suffice. Sure, they had lost friends, family, even Sam had lost the love of his life more than once, but when you've had such a profound loss like that, there simply are no words that can console the soul.
“Tell all crossroad demons that they are not to make any deals until I am back! Get out! Leave me now!” Rowena’s temper boiled over, as soon as the underling left her chambers she quickly left.
You are wanted, you are loved. I am thankful that you have taken the time out of your life, wherever you are to read this story, and I do hope that one day the skies will clear for you too.
“Sam, Cas is in the Empty, the only one who has any power there is Jack, and I haven’t even heard a whisper about him since you beat Chuck. Have you?”
“Are you friggin serious right now?” Sam blinked in response. “I’m drunk not stupid. You’re telling me that you’re cooking up some way to bring him back without me?” Dean scoffed and began taking steps backwards. He was hurt.
Mandy got out, lit a cigarette, and leaned against the car, Dean finished dressing and joined her. She offered him a drag which he quickly waved away.
Being back in Purgatory exhausted him, between going back to work, keeping an eye out for Gordon and asking to be Cas’ prag, Dean was bet. All that time in the Empty reduced Dean’s energy to nothing, even after the night of cuddling with Cas and the nap he took during rec-time Dean was still about to clock out for the night before 10.
Being an orphan, it was easier to live on the streets of Moscow than with the nuns, so he left and started pick pocketing to survive. One day Cas ended up pick pocketing the Pakhan, though he didn’t know it was the Pakhan at the time. The Pakhan, Michael, didn’t take too kindly to a ten-year-old taking his wallet undetected so he got his men to lift every orphan they could get their hands on. Cas admitted it was he who had done it, not wanting the others to get hurt for something he had done. Apparently, that intrigued Pakhan and he made an offer with Cas, to start working for him, to join the Bratva.
Dean hadn’t brought it up and he brought up the last one. Now that he thought about it, Cas brought up the first one. Did that mean that Dean had been waiting for Cas to bring it up? Some unspoken game that he fell into he didn’t recognise till this moment.
out of safety, paper, paints, cups with water and different shaped sponges arranged neatly, for now. Claire was holding out two tops, they looked like Cas’ that were covered in paint splatters.
Dean nodded. He sucked his bottom lip into his mouth, fighting back the noises. Cas felt Dean’s body starting to convulse, his orgasm building and building and Cas let go completely, not letting him have it.
Cas was awake, unsettled beneath Dean, tossing and turning making the bed springs creak. He remembered Cas telling him he didn’t like storms. The only thing that scared the Russian ironically was the weather. He was a thinker, a strategist, he worked rationally (well, whatever he constitutes as rational) and somehow weather was what made him quake in his boots. Sam had that fear too when he was a kid, though he learned how to deal with it when he grew up. Dean would help him out. He could help Cas out now if he wanted to.
“I didn’t mean to…” he didn’t know how to finish that, hoping his tone portrayed he had no intention of trudging up old memories of him and his ex -husband buying this home. They had bought it before Claire was born. A conscious choice to buy a family home, a family Claire didn’t have now for whatever reason.
Zachariah came up to him, expecting an interrogation as to where Cas was, a snide comment or a jibe at his physical appearance Dean was ready for whatever the guard threw at him. He wasn’t expecting though for Zachariah to click twice, as if Cas was standing beside him and just walking on to the next cell.
Dean regrets the pie. Cas might not even like pie then again, who doesn’t love pie? Pie is an American staple, its pastry and sugary tangy filling and as the bakery name says sweet as heaven. He couldn’t shake the guilt of blaring his music loudly, Cas having to embarrass himself in front of his student and Dean doing nothing to help the poor bastard out. If anything, Dean made it worse calling him professor even if he meant it has a flirty joke.
They quickly scampered off the bed, reaching for clothes and removing any evidence of what just happened between them. Cas caught Dean before he unlocked the door, kissing him before they had to hide away from the world.
The waiter comes back with two mugs and pours in the filter coffee. Castiel notes that Dean takes his black, no sugar like him. They’re quiet while they look at the menus. Castiel knows what he’s having, he has the same thing each time. Forest berry pancakes. They order, Dean asking for the maple and bacon waffles, extra bacon and a side of hash browns. The silence comes back again. Castiel bridges the gap first.
It was empty, everyone already heading down to breakfast. He made quick work searching for his clothes in one of the dryers, not wanting to prolong being down here any longer than he had to, and he couldn’t miss breakfast. He needed his food.
At the playground Dean’s phone buzzed with the tutorial for the braiding. It was pretty quiet for a Tuesday, so Dean was sitting on one of the swings to keep an eye on Charlie as she tried her luck on the monkey bars. They were at a slant, so Dean told her to where she had to hop off of to not get too high. If she had it her way, she’d climb to the tallest one, then crack her ankle on the jump down.
“A superhero hiding in plain clothes.” Cas interjected, face full of pride in his get out clause. Dean chuckled. Well played, not having to dress up and yet dressing up enough for his daughter to think he was dressing up. A win win for everyone involved. Dean might need to steal that idea too though he wasn’t opposed to dressing up. He still had his costume from Halloween in the closest. He and Charlie went as Woody and Jess from Toy Story, even brought Sam and Amelia’s dog Riot along with them trick or treating pretending he was Bullseye.
Cas sat back on his knees, continuing to pump Dean’s cock while he dipped his fingers into the opened tub of lube beside him. He pushed out one of Dean’s legs with his kneecap and Dean seemed to get on board with what he was doing, widening his legs for him.
With Cas’ voice taking over his head, Dean rolled his hips a bit, letting Benny know he wanted something silently, hoping the guy picked up on it. He did.
Charlie came running through adults and into the sitting room. Claire, the Tran kid and others he didn’t recognise followed. There was a loud bang. “Charlie?!” Dean shouted.
They left without saying goodbye, not wanting to draw any attention that they were skipping out before the cops came which was unheard of when it came to Dean and Cas. The walk back to their apartment was fuelled with drunken electricity, they stumbled over each other, limbs brushing, and Cas couldn’t wait to get Dean back to their place.
The guy is quiet as he uses Dean as a support system to get him out of the bar, around the back to Baby. Dean’s got Cas’ jacket in one hand and Cas in the other, arm wrapped around his waist to hoist him up every few steps.
Dean and Cas celebrated their end of exams with heading to their favourite dinner to inhale copious amounts of food before going to Gabriel’s. They hadn’t been in ages and even treated themselves to more expensive side’s courtesy of the money from the videos. Dean got chili cheese fries and Cas got dirty hanger fries, along with their burgers and milkshakes they were going to have drink twice as much as usual to feel anything.
Zachariah didn’t let anything out, just motioned for the guard to grab Sam by the shoulder and hoist him up off the bench.
The cocktail alcohol and arousal were making Cas get ahead of himself. He needed to remember Dean was new to this, not only new to being with a man, but also a slightly tabooer side of sex. He decided to not agonize Dean any longer, stripping himself down to his boxers and climbing up Dean’s body to check in on him.
Castiel steps back, gesturing to his apartment. Jessica told him not to give his cards away too soon. Dean can’t help himself to take bait apparently. Dean doesn’t move.
Dean deduced he must have replaced Uriel, the last head of the Russian gang in Purgatory. The way the others reacted to him, drawn to him, waiting on his every move before they make theirs. Like he was the engine and the other inmates worked around him.
The Russian looked pleased. He brought his messed hand up to his mouth to taste Dean’s cum. One finger at a time he cleaned them while Dean caught his breath back and returned to earth. The walls he used to protect himself in Purgatory were back up and fully operational.
