Sherlock frowned, annoyed by the prospect of not knowing something. “I can think of at least five different things that you could mean, but none of them match my deductions about your current behavior, so…”
“I take your silence as a complement,” John said, chuckling. “I think we successfully turned off your big brain, hm?”
It started simple like any normal day with Sherlock, if anything to do with that insane git could be called “normal.” John was sitting in his armchair and trying to read some crappy crime novel, unsuccessfully. His crazy friend seemed to be doing his best to annoy the hell out of him. John was almost at the end of his rope. Sherlock’s antics so far had included conducting some experiment that left the table and one of the chairs half burned and covered in some weird goo. Their flat now smelled like dead fish and ginger snaps and John deliberately ignored the mess in the kitchen. He knew that Sherlock wouldn’t touch it, but he wasn’t going to clean it either, at last not now. Sadly, this was a game that John always lost.
John couldn’t tell, but still he stalked towards his friend, almost predatory, and leaned close to Sherlock, looking down at him. It was nice change of positions, since Sherlock normally towered over him and John constantly needed to tilt his head up to look in the eyes of this tall git. Sherlock eyes were still intently on him, his pupils dark and blown. His breathing also seemed to have picked up. John chuckled inwardly. Sherlock could be good at hiding his feelings, but some things just weren’t meant to be hidden.
“I…” Sherlock bit his lip and drew back, avoiding John's eyes. “If you're doing this just because I'm pissing you off…”
John smiled. He didn’t mind the arrogance in Sherlock’s tone; he knew it was just a defense. And a poor one, at that.
“No, it’s not,” John answered, frowning. “It’s dependent on your transport, as you put it. That’s why you’ve taken drugs.”
John just smirked at the sight, then stood up, feeling his joints crackle. He wasn’t so young any more. There was a white sticky substance quickly draining on both of them and John could really use a shower right now.
“What? Sherlock, no…no…look at me.” When Sherlock still refused to meet John’s eyes, John brushed his cheek and tilted his head up. “Sherlock. Look. At. Me.”
“You OK?” John asked his partner, still feeling boneless and a little like his limbs had turned to jelly.
Sherlock’s voice was small and breathy, and it was the last straw for John. He leaned down and pressed his lips to Sherlock's. The man beneath him froze, surprised, then began to clumsily move his lips, matching John movements. John smiled slightly, not stopping their kiss and reached down with his left hand to thread his fingers through the soft curls. Sherlock moaned, parting his lips slightly, and John took advantage, slowly licking inside this gorgeous mouth. The first touch of their tongues took them both by surprise. Sherlock shivered and a little whine escaped his mouth as John drew back, breathless and giddy.
Sherlock looked a little lost but he obeyed nonetheless. John wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s, guiding it gently around both of their cocks. The sensation of their cocks colliding, rubbing against each other was too much for them both and they moaned in unison. John took another deep breath to compose himself and began a slow pace, leading them both. He quickly increased the rhythm, as it was obvious that neither of them would last long.
“What are you talking about, John?” Sherlock finally asked, sitting in his armchair across the doctor.
When long fingers wrapped around his cock, the doctor drew back, quickly catching Sherlock by wrist. Even slight stimulation now could make him come and he didn’t want that, not right now. He had a better plan.
“You are like a precious gem, Sherlock,” John whispered, reaching up to kiss Sherlock’s deliciously full lips. This kiss was even better than the previous one. Sherlock was always a quick learner, but this was the first time that John really appreciated that.
John sighed and put down his book. With Sherlock like this, he couldn’t focus on reading. The thing was he was close to his boiling point, but leaving in a huff to leave his mad flatmate to his antics was out of the question. It was raining cats and dogs outside. Rain wasn’t really something unusual in London, but it was a bloody storm with lighting and thunder and so much water that someone could actually take a shower out there. Although actually showering out in the rain was a crazy idea. So John couldn’t leave. But maybe, just maybe, he could find a way to shut up this brilliant mind before him.
His mind clearly not in a state to deduce anything, John just smiled and took off his boxers, finally freeing himself from the tight wet material. He was already painfully hard and imagined Sherlock was too. John glanced at him and noticed the uneasiness on his face.
“All right, just…” John stopped and thought this over. If he was wrong, what he was planning could destroy their friendship and push Sherlock away…but he wasn’t wrong, was he?
That thought made him remember his own state and he glanced down, finding Sherlock in a similar situation. A tight bulge was plainly visible in Sherlock’s pyjama bottoms, complete with a wet spot of precome. In the position that John was sitting, their cocks were almost touching, but not quite. John couldn’t resist and palmed the tall man though the material. Sherlock moaned loudly and his hips twitched of their own accord.
“No cigarette for you, Sherlock,” John said, not even looking up from his novel. “And you better pray I won’t find any drugs…”
“Engines can be turned off, you know?” John said, casually looking at the burning logs in the fireplace. He started the fire earlier, thinking that it would be cold. He was right apparently.
Sherlock obediently fallowed his partner to the bathroom, for the first time in his life wishing that there wouldn’t be any case for a while.
If, as he expected, John was being given a lift back in his brother's car he'd be here soon. Sure enough less than twenty minutes had passed before the alpha (no trace of a limp) walked in the door.
John turned him round and walked him backwards towards the bed. Crowding him onto his back and straddling his hips, leaning over to claim his mouth again. He reached up blindly to open John's trousers and slide his hands inside his underwear grabbing handfuls of muscular arse with a greedy moan.
‘Is this yours sir?’ The policeman was holding out an almost professional looking digital camera in a bright pink case.
By the time Sherlock came back with a box full of papers he was deciding on dinner and cursing that he'd bought neither cereal or bread for the following day's breakfast. Sherlock immediately upended the box on the living room floor, documents sliding in all directions.
‘No, course not. So do you know him from work or…?’ John watched Victor closely for a few seconds his eyes were following them carefully . Following
There was no ripping though, John undressed him with the care of a well trained valet. His hands steady as he removed jacket and shirt. Pausing behind him, hands on his still clothed hips to press lips to the back of his neck. 'These feel a little tight.' John whispered against his ear. , pressing a hand to his zip and pulling it down, the cool air shocking against his cock now only covered by a thin layer of cotton. Two fewer layers than lay between John's arousal and the back of his own thigh.
'Stale washing and sour milk, she's been gone three days. Soon Lin Yao.' He gestured at the name badge above the bell. 'We need to find her.' He said, walking swiftly, ignoring John's question about him sounding croaky.
John's grip on him was gently possessive as they both finished. The alpha licked across the surface of his scent gland and murmured something about the taste of raspberry. Sherlock settled, ready to wait out the knot. It took him a few moments of stroking the length of John's back to realise.
‘Now I realise he'd known he was ill for a long time but then it felt like Sherlock had brought it on. I asked Sherlock to leave, broke up with him.’
‘Nothing. Just left a little message.’ Sebastian swiped the secure door open to reveal a vandalised painting, a line and a squiggle below in bright yellow.
'Hardly, he wanted me to do some boring job for him.' The alpha continued to absently stroke his hair, the pressure pleasant against his scalp.
The endearment, the ‘love’,would normally have irked more but he let it go. When you're desperate to be knotted is not the time, after all, to get into how patronising you find pet names. Anyway part of him, a tiny but somehow growing part, preened at the sentiment.
‘Very good.’ John said, sitting a little straighter. Almost forgetting the indignity of his flagging erection.
He didn't normally shop in these places, even if he wanted the over -attentive staff and vanilla scented fitting room he couldn't afford it but Sherlock had insisted.
‘Do you need me to stop?’ He said, chivalrously. It would be torture for him to stay still,less still pull out but he wanted this to be the best it could be for John.
'Bloody right it did.' He arched into the touch instead and Sherlock moved his hand to John's hair. He realised he didn't really want to talk about it.
'Do you think? We've been working on it for a couple of weeks...' Lestrade looked doubtful as he nodded an acknowledgement to John.
He'd had the presence of mind to call Anthea and Dimmock, the inspector's reluctance understandable given the circus debacle.
‘Hi.’ Matt croaked, mouth obviously dry. John reached for one of the bottles and opened it before handing it over.
'I know what you need love, I just like to take my time with you.' John said entwining their hands as he finally closed his mouth around the head of Sherlock's cock, moving his tongue in a way that made the detective moan deliciously but John knew from experience didn't take him much closer to coming.
Later he would realise there was no sense of an act of force, only surrender, on his part, as he bit. Flooding his mate with semen as he gave in to his own orgasm. As he came back to awareness he tasted salt as well as the ferrous tang of blood and he realised he was weeping.
John shot back. Sherlock looked surprised for a second and John realised they may be too early in their relationship to start teasing about fancying other people.
'Certainly, Captain John Hamish Watson of the fifth Northumberland Fusiliers and then my brother practically
'Its like the British library in here.' John said as he surveyed the room. Moving a pile of paperbacks so he could sit on what Sherlock had come to think of as John's chair.
Sherlock had taken the drive and plugged it into his laptop. He shook his head. 'We haven't the software but I recognise the file type. Camera feeds.'
He went to the door, unsteadily leaning on the frame as he opened it. The sight of the alpha, bearing a weathered khaki rucksack and a Tesco bag, took him aback.
‘So, when-when you say you’re concerned about him, you actually are concerned? John paused behind him but he kept going, slowly.
'You know this mark? Every foot soldier bears the mark-everyone who hauls for them.' she said, a deep tiredness seeping into her voice.
They slipped down lanes and dodged between cars. A final cut through an overgrown courtyard and they were back on Baker Street. Dashing through the front door and shedding coats before leaning against wall at the bottom of the stairs. Getting their breath.
‘Yes, and he’s probably also disaffected with the whole business if he’s developed - an attachment.’
That, Sherlock realised, was an interesting, appealing thought. He didn't as a rule. Outside his heat physical desire was largely dormant but there was something about the idea of John thinking about him…
'Have sex? What do you take me for captain?' Sherlock clutched his chest in mock shock. Before they could talk further John was enveloped in a bear hug by the bride groom.
'He needs to scent you John. You are supposed to be engaged.' Sherlock was rather pleased with the momentary tense silence he created.
‘It's not that I don't take it seriously John, Mycroft does too. What they did to you-’ Sherlock's usual smooth professionalism fell away for a moment. Replaced with anger and perhaps a little shame.
'Sorry to bother you at the moment.' Greg said walking into the flat, careful to be submissive to the other alpha. The couple though we're pleasant enough. Literally wrapped in each other, they never lost contact as they sat on the sofa opposite Greg and Sherlock. Pressed together shoulder to knee, fingers entwined.
Some primal part of him was appalled at the idea of John coming with him into potential danger, wanted to forbid it.
John was on the verge of laughing as they made their way in past the now unwatched cameras and up to the safety of the first floor. Sherlock abruptly terminating the call. They heard the guard curse loudly as he sat heavily back at desk to find a dead line.
'Cellar's down there.' He said pausing a moment as he fiddled again with his phone. Just as John was wondering why he was bothering to tell him this an external door opened further down the corridor. Joe gently pulled John back out of sight. Two more bouncers appeared arms firmly round the shoulders of two omegas, one female one male. They led them in and through another door that seemed to go into the body of the building. They weren't just guiding them John realised, they were holding them up. He briefly caught a glimpse of the male's eyes, gone, just like Greg had said. The patchouli now made sense, without it the brothel would be obvious to anyone in the street, let alone the club.
‘Fine.’ The detective said with obvious reluctance. John went upstairs on the pretext of getting a coat but really to shove the gun into his waistband.
Ten minutes later Lestrade was walking him out through the cordoned off site. He had hoped the case would occupy him for hours or, better still, days but now he had no reason not to go home where he knew that he was likely to lie on the sofa with John's forgotten (wonderful smelling) scarf bundled on his chest. The same way he'd spent the last two days.
This was the time he'd remember he realised, still only half awake as John moved against his thigh. The bite had made the first time too raw, too instinctive to recall in detail. This time he would store away in the room, the library in fact, he has set aside for his mate. An echoing space in his mind he knows he will fill in years to come.
'I should have thought that was obvious, I was restless, I thought being closer to your scent might relax me. That is why you're in my room isn't it?' Sherlock said, tossing his head to swallow the painkillers.
John stood beside him.' So, there was something I wanted to show you. Tell me if it's taking a liberty.' John handed Sherlock his phone. The screen was showing a draft blog post, titled
John should have realised. Getting overheated had always been one of his first symptoms , ever since he presented. Now he was looking he could see the beginning of glances of interest, curiosity, from people nearby. While it was common enough to see a teenager being escorted out of a public place by anxious parents due to an unexpected heat. It was unusual for an omega John's age to go into heat in public. He was embarrassed for a moment then decided that was ridiculous. He'd been shot at, actually been shot. This was nothing.
Thanks to everyone who is reading this and has already left comments! I'm so excited and am trying to make this as light-hearted as possible! Keep reading! Keep telling me what you think!
Sherlock's head snapped up, rolling his eyes in only a way he could. Of course he had to talk to her, that what he's been thinking of since she'd been thrown to the ground. The only difficult part was finding the correct words to say. Sorry didn't seem to fit the mold and it wouldn't exactly mean anything since she would have no recollection of what he was apologizing for. "Thank you for your brilliant as always advice, Greyson." Sherlock said, lips dripping with sarcasm and frustration.
The walk back to the motel was tedious (now she was starting to sound like Sherlock). She tried to gauge what Sherlock’s reaction would be. Outraged and disappointed were two options. He would tell her how she should know better and how he wasn’t worth it, but he was worth it to her. And maybe he would never understand that, but he would at least have to try. At least a little for the ten months she had left.
There were three things the William Sherlock Scott Holmes was aware of: He was stupidly in love with Joan Watson, that the decomposition of a dead body began right after death and she couldn’t remember a single thing about him. In some world where everything worked out perfectly, Sherlock would know how to express his feelings and have the opportunity to do so once he figured out how. But he didn't. So he kept quietly  to himself, living as if nothing got to him.
Sherlock’s heart threatened to burst. He had focused on rebuilding his fragile partnership with Joan, diligently, over the last two weeks. It was a lot more difficult then he first imagined. He was so accustomed to being himself around her and having her integrated into his lifestyle that he hadn’t even realized how much he really depended on her. “Joan, before we move-“ He stopped speaking when he noticed her with a stack of sticky notes and a pen, scribbling something onto it. “What are you doing?” He asked.
“There was a time, when everyone was after me, to such an extent, that you had to help me fake my death. And as everyone in the streets, and in the press, and the autorities themselves were chaising me, and even when holding in his hands proof against me, specificly made for him, when all proof pointed at me, he somehow stood by my side.
The dog handler set the animal free, and it takled the two men, biting into the arm with wich Doc was fighting John’s full-body grip.
“well. For that I’m not sorry. It was complicated, but I cared for her. And I wanted to form a family. And I got Rosie”
“No, no I wasn’t. You’ll have to find something else to apologice for, starting for those two years of dead silence”
Molly tried to say something, but she didn’t find words in time, and, (as she was a civiliced creature and would not snarl at him) she slapped him again, hard, with the back of the hand.
“A long and relaxing bath with bubbles and music, unhealthy dinner and a cupcake the size of your head”
It ocured to him he may need sleep by now. He had nothing better to do and wanted to be fresh for the investigation…
“And I hope you are doing all you can to find John’s eh… kidnapper, and the killer of our six victims who had his face. …Unlike the press says”
Had he really spent them high? Wait, that was not usually a problem: he could manage a case better when he was high. Why hadn’t he figured it out jet!?
Sherlock tried to remember the last thing he had said to John. It was irrelevant, but somehow it was important, and… No.
No longer mourning, his vacations forgotten, and feeling nearly ten years younger, Lestrade jumped onto Sherlock’s tail like a hound dog willing to kill something.
“I!!” He snapped at the face of the girl, who had walked up to him, a young man behind her. “…Will not be making any declarations, specially to a pair of rookie reporters who came in here lying to my land lady. OUT”
The one next to him was trembling, croached to one side and lookingdown as to get as far as possible of an off-screen threat.
Maybe John was dead and the video was just to play with him like the rest of the case. Maybe it had arrived late and John was already dead. Maybe it was not really John, but a double who had studied his behaivour and was sending a false clue…
The D.I. had told her she was the best at standing up to Sherlock or jumping right into a mess with him. Up until now she had just jumped in. Never held back, or told him what she felt.
“Stop it! Stop shouting at me! It’s useless. You’re not dead anymore and I’ve got ten months left. It’s not as if I was going to live that long anyways. Say thank you and move on. Or don’t even say thank you. I just don’t want to spend the next ten months being shouted at. Please.” Her words were softer towards the end of her small speech. Joan’s heart ached. How was she supposed to mange any of this? His irritable mood would pass. She would just have to wait him out. Hopefully he would get over this sooner then not.
She was quickly reminded of why she joined the army; because her father had, and the fact that she couldn’t move back in with her mum. He was her best friend before his he had passed, and was also a veteran. Joan had figured he would be proud of her. The night she remembered about him, she had cried herself to sleep. There was the distant sound of a violin in the background. When she woke up from nightmares about things she hardly remembered, but were still awful images, she had a feeling the music was Sherlock's way of calming her down. When she looked around the flat the memory of a violin would come to her. Not Sherlock, but his sound.
might she add, how the murderer used an icicle to kill the man, insinuating that he had to keep it cold and couldn't have been keeping it too far away from where the murder had been, and soon enough found his lodgings/hide-out. (Joan also found out that Sherlock hated to word ‘hide-out’).
When she finally decided to open her eyes. She had to shield them with her hand. Bright unnatural light filled the room. It was painful to say the least. Her head felt as if there was a tiny construction crew building a skyscraper inside of her skull. And then she noticed people. Who were these random people? She didn’t have a single inkling of an idea.
There was a moment of reluctance before she answered. Too many emotions were brewing inside of her right now, too much had happened in recent and she was truly unstable. “Deal.” Joan said, chin held high, despite what she was feeling on the inside.
He rolled his eyes and tutted at her, slowing his pace a bit. Eventually, they made it out of the building, which they were being chased around. The goal was to lead them on a wild hunt, buying time for Lestrade to get his force outside so he was able to arrest the crazy bastards and finish the case. Everything was going fairly smooth, that was until one of the mugs that was working with the serial killer grabbed Joan by her hair and pulled her to the ground. Hard.
“So, any plans?” She asked, scrawling down where the kettle was on a brightly colored sticky note and placing it on the cupboard door. She leaned her elbows on the table, looking at him. He wasn’t paying the slightest attention to her. “Sherlock!” She said loudly, maybe a bit more loud then she had meant to be.
A wicked laugh erupted from Irene’s mouth, one that made Joan feel as if there was the slight dripping of ice cold water running down her; the chill all consuming. “Darling, darling, darling. You don’t let go of any grudges, do you?” Irene asked, looking tall, lean and classy, but still a fiend. Joan wanted to lunge foreword and wrap her hands around her throat, her fingers digging into her windpipe, as if that could crush her somehow.
“Shut up. Just kiss me and get it over with.” Joan responded, her words spitting venom. Without hesitation, the taller demon had her hand on the back of Joan’s head, her lips a slight brush before they were fully pressed against the smaller’s, lips moving, Joan’s remaining still.
Then there was black. Everything turned to black. The last thing Joan Watson remembers is being set down on a cot. It was also the only thing she remembered, that and her name.
Sherlock didn’t say that he knew her loss of memory, amnesia, heartache was hard. Of course it was hard. There were no words to explain how he would feel if all the information stored in his head suddenly went away. He fully blamed himself for Joan’s case, but held too much pride to ever say that out loud. “You’re being dramatic.” He commented, stalking over towards the bathroom, retrieving the first-aid kit and then walking back toward Joan.
The dark haired man looked at her, his grey-blue-green eyes sad. Well, his face wasn't sad, it was a small infliction of his features that contorted the shadow of mystery that seemed to be permanently on his face. Joan somehow knew that that meant he was sad. "How did I get here?" She asked, her voice coming out in a croak. She must not have used it for a day or two. The throbbing in her head was still there, but it was dying down. She must be hooked up to some sort of pain killer. Most likely morphine.
“Top cupboard, to the right.” He said. Sherlock had his mobile out, texting furiously, the clicks of the touch-screen keyboard filling the quiet flat. Joan sighed and set the pill bottles on the kitchen table, before finding the kettle right where he said it was. She filled it with water and waited.
Joan stood in the cool, autumn air for what seemed like half an hour, before there was any sign of a demon. And when one did show, it wasn’t exactly what she had in mind.
"I called Harry." She said, not looking up from her medical journal. She had called him this morning and her brother was...Not who she remembered. But the Harry she had known and had grown close to was one before the war. This wasn’t the Harry who would take hits from their mum for her, at least not anymore.
She raised her brows daringly. Only she would be able to get away with that look pointed at him. “Oh, yes you do. I’ve known you for two weeks and-“
When he would stay with her during the day, he would deduce the nurse that chose to walk in at that moment, displaying his deduction skills to her. He would tell her their entire life story without asking any them a single question. At times it seemed a bit rude, but altogether it was just magnificent.
Sherlock’s glare let down a bit, but not all the way. “Fine. We’ve got work to do.” And with that he turned from her, letting up his arm across her chest.
Sherlock solved it quickly, taking only a few drawn out moments to collect the data needed for his deductions. After he figured it out, he explained to everyone else, very
“Joan, “ Called a deep, rumbling voice that could only belong to him. She kept her back turned, a tiny glare pointed at the tile on the wall of their kitchen, trying not to relish in the sound of his baritone vocals.
“Oh,” She said lamely. Her gaze dropped his. “I think I need to sleep.” And with that she rolled onto her side and shut her eyes.
Mrs. Hudson wasn’t home, most likely at the shop. He was halfway up the stairs, taking them two at a time, when he heard Joan shut the door to the foyer. She was behind him in no time. At least her limp hadn’t come back, but he did notice the slight tremor in her left hand. Most likely from being cooped up in a hospital for two weeks.
Oh my gosh! I've been sitting on this and rewriting it forever. I'm not entirely happy with it, but I feel as if it's been too long. Comment what you want to see and just things I could fix! Thank you all for reading this! Turns out there are quite a few of you!
“Liar.” The shorter muttered, her gaze moving from him and towards the kettle, filling it in the sink and then turning it on. He stood there, unmoving as she dashed about, making tea, not meeting his eyes again.
He watched her with a calculated gaze as she absorbed all the information he had just given her, minimal as it was. "I have a flat mate?" She asked. Joan rubbed a hand across her face and met his gaze again, it being oddly intense for such a good-natured woman. "Are you my boyfriend?" She asked, not missing a beat.
"You'll have to excuse the Freak." Said the woman. "I'm Sally Donavan, Detective Sally Donavan." There was a bit of amusement in her voice. Joan wondered what could be so amusing and was off put by her Bond-like introduction.
Her eyes fell to the youngest man in the room. She felt like she had seen him from somewhere before. His face was so familiar. He had dark curling hair and sharp features. He was utterly striking. Why on earth would he be in her hospital room? Joan didn’t remember knowing any beautiful men. "She's awake." She heard the older man say.
Joan follows after Sherlock. The pair was currently being chased by a bloody murderer and his accomplices. "I will kill you if they don't do it first!" She shouted at him, falling behind a bit. His legs were so long and hers, well, not so much. Sherlock had to be at least six feet tall and Joan barely made it to five-two. You couldn’t blame her for lagging.
Sherlock knew some demon or devil was out to get him. His face didn't move, but a blush was very much visible in the harsh lighting. "No." He said sternly. Obviously her assumption of being in a relationship with him came from the two sharing a flat together, but it still put butterflies in his stomach like an idiotic school boy. He quickly surpassed all those feelings. Now was not the time.
, it said. Sherlock would have said more, but the cab rolled up to Baker Street. He tossed a few pounds towards the cab driver before getting out. He didn’t wait for Joan to open the door and walk inside.
Joan picked up her pen and wrote something down quickly. Go and investigate a murder with your flat mate you don’t remember? She thought of her options. Sit at the flat, bored and alone or look at dead bodies with a handsome smart man. Dead bodies seemed more appealing.
“You were supposed to let me die, you idiot!” He shouted at her, his face incredibly close to hers. Joan’s never seen so much emotion from him before. Part of her heart was broken, wishing she could take it back, but she couldn’t and she really didn’t want to anyways. Without Sherlock she was just a broken half. He may not be conventional, but he was hers.
The cases ended up being rather dull. Or at least that's what Sherlock had said. He seemed to have a sort of ranking system for cases (not finding it fitting to leave the flat for anything but a six) and the one they just went on was a mild five. Joan, on the other hand, didn't seem to think that at all. It was a brilliant spiraling tale of how a man was found dead with a stab wound, no weapon and soaking wet even though there hadn't been any bad weather, or rain.
“I, uh, apologize.” He began, realizing a ball was beginning to roll and he had no idea how to stop it, and he didn’t like not knowing things. “For all of this. There are many things I don’t know how to do. And being a best friend or whatnot for you is one of those things. You mean more to me then any other human being has. I don’t do sentiment well, but I’m trying. Hopefully I’ll start to do it a little harder.” He admitted, grey eyes locked on the back her head, almost admiring the braid she had it in.
Okay friends ! So, I'm still working on my other stuff, and more chapters should be coming out quickly, but here we go. Please comment, because it helps me write more, if you want more.
There was a lot of groaning in the cab on the way home about how the case was so simple and he needed something more involved. Joan didn't find it simple at all, far from it even. She found his deductions to be all the more interesting on an actual crime scene then the stories and blog post that she was informed about in the hospital. No matter how queer or odd Sherlock came off as, she now fully understood her attraction to him. He drew her in with a magnetic force that only he could muster up somehow. Joan was never a follower before; no, in fact she was always Captain. His gift and talents amazed her, but didn't excuse his poor behavior, which she scolded him for occasionally.
The crossroads was far less dusty then the other ones she had visited before. This one was more earthen, even pleasant. The dark surrounded her, her china-blue eyes, searching around her before she knelt down on her knees on the patchy road, digging a small hole, dirt building up under her finger nails, which were chewed down to the nail beds.
Joan didn’t quite expect to see what she had when she walked in. Sherlock had broken at least one of the lamps in the room and was in the process of attempting to punch a hole in the drywall.
Sooner or later Joan Watson had become less confused. It had been two weeks since her pummeling from the thug. Her head hurt less, besides a few headaches every so often, and she was learning more about herself too. She had been in the army; a decorated captain, serving as a doctor. She wound up getting shot in action after three years in Afghanistan. After that, she was discharged and living on an army pension, which couldn’t have been much. Nightmare plagued her from a war she barely remembered. After the army and being discharged things became much more clouded. She had listened to Sherlock tell her about their first cases and had him read her blog to her out loud, while she lay in the hospital bed.
Sherlock met her early that morning. She had gotten dressed and pleated her hair (the doctor had told her that was a good idea, just incase she was having any trouble with her motor skills), waiting for him. “Ready?” He asked, looking her up and down. She would have thought it promiscuous if she hadn’t have gotten to know him over the last two weeks. She gave him a small nod, making sure she had the pill bottles and instructions the nurse had given her.
“Joan, I’m not lying. I got you the cups, didn’t I? And I also want to say…” What was it he truly wanted to say? His mind was travelling in five million different directions and he was finding it a bit difficult to keep objective on this one thing, this singular person who mattered so much to him. He needed to help his small flat mate any way he could, but obviously she wasn’t taking any help anytime soon.
Sherlock could hear the massive sigh that Joan let out, sending a shiver down his spine, and it was a little dramatic, even by his standards. “Say it then. Tell me I’m screwed up and look at me as if it’s my fault that I can’t remember a damn thing.” She spit out at him, banging a mug down on the counter, sending shards of ceramic outwards in a miniature explosion of controlled rage. She let out a hiss of pain and he automatically knew she had cut herself, or embedded a piece of ceramic into her hand.
Without a word she made a move as if she was going to look back at him, say something, anything, but instead walked the rest of the way up the stairs.
“Plans? As in cases, yes. Lestrade just texted me. He has a kidnapped boy and a murdered father. Care to join me?” He asked. Joan raised an eyebrow at him. He didn’t seem off put at all by the idea of going out and investigating a murder at the drop of a hat. He seemed to notice her gaze. “That is if…you’re feeling up to it. I can hardly expect you to jump right back into running around London with me. You were just discharged from the hospital today.” He added quickly.
"Why are you telling me this?" He asked in his smooth, deep voice, turning his attention back to the strings of his instrument. Joan huffed a sigh, shaking her head. She had trouble figuring out what was right to tell him and what she should hold back. He was open about his brother with her, so should she be with hers? So many rules and checks and balances and...And her relationship with Sherlock Holmes was like an acrobatic act, flying around and trying to grip at something, sometimes slipping on the bar. She supposed before she was at a loss for her memories she had a tight grip on the bar. Now she just constantly felt like she was fumbling, about to fall into oblivion. It was a terrible feeling, but also an exciting one, which also frightened her.
Those words made Joan anxious. The thought of not having much time left, letting the things she spent her life killing take her own, was repulsive, but worth it for this cause only. “Ten years.” She began, knowing it was a long shot.
"Yes, well I'm Sherlock Holmes, your flat mate. It seems you've had a nasty blow to the head and have forgotten about everything, but that's okay. I'm here to help you." His heart hurt, seeing the very confused look on her face. He knew pleasant was the only way to go about things, introduction wise. And being blunt about her situation might help the comprehension of the entire affair.
It felt odd reading something she wrote about her and her…flat mate? She felt as if the memories wanted to meld back with her mind and body, but they just didn’t
The doctor had told him that it was highly probable that her memory would come back, but it would take time. Her brain had been jostled around in her skull when her assaulter slammed her to the ground. That obviously wasn't safe. He blamed himself for not paying closer attention.
“Sherlock!” Joan called, shutting the door before taking a timid step foreword. He turned swiftly, his green eyes filled with fire, and possibly self loathing. She had to keep telling her self that
"Why are you in my hospital room? Who are the rest of you?" She asked. The Detective Inspector gave the younger man a look. He bent his head of dark, luscious curls down before sweeping out of the room, coat billowing around his feet like a cape or a robe.
Joan bit her bottom lip, the small blonde shaking her head. "I suppose I'm not going to anymore then." Joan bit back.
Sherlock cut her off promptly, his heart dropping into his stomach for the second time today. “Two years. Two and a half years.” He wanted to look away and get angry and throw a fit. Why must it have been Joan? It was so stereotypical of the universe to pick on people in such ways.
There was a bit of commotion, from what she could hear. Every sound made her head pulse more. Her head was slammed into the ground once more, unceremoniously she might add. Then she heard a body fall to the floor and then hands were on her. Larger hands. She was being lifted- it was Sherlock. A groan left her lips as she leaned against him. She tried opening her eyes, but winced at the bright light of the sun.
The terse fall air was beginning to bite at the exposed skin of her face and ears. She shoved her hands into her pockets for the rest of the walk back, hesitating once she made it to the door. If she entered, she knew he would possibly verbally attack her, maybe even physically. Sherlock wasn’t the sort of person that handled someone risking his or her life, or in her case giving it up, for the other. But the truth of the matter was that he was just better then she. When push came to shove he handled the work well, better then most, if not the best, maybe besides Lestrade.
Another complex situation was Sherlock and their relationship. She couldn’t amount it to anything. He spoke of their past encounters as something endearing and sentimental, but then when he would do something or attempt to show any signs of comfort, he came off as cold. This just left Joan more confused then before. He would always look at her with those calculating grey-blue-green eyes as if she was a fact in a textbook that seemed to state that the sky was pink. Those moments gave her some of her worst headaches.
The pair made it to the flat, Joan taking a seat in what she ad been told was her chair, flipping through a medical journal. That was something she remembered, the practice. Medical school and everything before that was a constant in her life. Her days in the army were coming back, along with those nightmares and the awful things that had happened and she had done.
Once outside he hailed a cab for them and opened her door. She slid in quietly, flipping through the contacts on her mobile. She didn’t know half of these people. “221b Baker Street.” Sherlock told the cabbie. She dropped her mobile in her lap and looked over at him.
“Ten months. You will have ten months. Is that a deal, Miss Watson?” Irene asked, looking far too smug then was suitable for any demon to be sending someone to hell. Joan resisted the urge to snap her neck or exercise her on the spot. That wouldn’t get anything done. She would be back at square one, hopeless, and distraught, like she was four months ago.
He paced in front the window that looked into her room, looking up once or twice seeing her talk to Lestrade and Sally. After a few moments, Lestrade walked into the hallway, a troubled look painted on his features. "You've got to go talk to her."
She finished what she was writing and placed it on the back of her mobile. “The doctor said it would be good. To write things down that I learn, so I can remember them easier. Like…” She lifted up her phone and showed the note to him. It said:
Taking one last glance at the picture, she placed it into the box, shutting it. The picture was one she had taken two years ago of him in some funny hat (he called it a death Frisbee).His expression was the same as any expression he wore, disinterested and distant. Joan had had an old polaroid camera, shook out the picture and kept it.
Joan licked her lips out of habit and moved towards the cupboard to get the kettle, slamming it down on the counter just a little too hard, making her self jump. She could hear rustling from the sitting room and had a feeling Sherlock was coming to help her. With what she had no idea.
He read the messages as he shrugged into his coat, immediately changing back out of it, out of all his clothes once he had. He casually redressed in denim and a slim grey coat.
The awkwardness of the cab journey was cut through by anxiety about what they were about to do and John replaying the way Sherlock had said captain in his head-but that could wait.
‘Obvious. The garden was a mess, overgrown, yet we have one very clean, new cut on the digitalis plant. The house is a mess too. Washing up piled in the sink yet it has the cleanest plug hole in London. The omega obviously prepared the solution but then poured it away. Maybe he was disturbed or lost his nerve either way he was clever enough to realise that he had to make sure it was gone when the police came after he stabbed the alpha.’
John looked at himself in the mirror, adjusting his tie while his mate primped behind him. Sherlock met his eye and frowned.
Dimmock, who had been scribbling hurriedly in his notebook as Sherlock spoke, looked up, expectantly. 'So, where's the pin now?'
Sherlock pulled his thoughts back to the case. He was banking on the murderer panicking at the text, trying to respond in some way. He settled in to wait while John paced.
They were shushed by someone in front of them and fell into watching the escapology act. A masked man was chained up and had to free himself before being impaled by a crossbow. The mechanism controlled by a weight that dropped, slow and menacing, on a rope from the roof.
Lestrade, with a resigned sigh started to ask questions and took out his phone, presumably to call the local police.
'Does he bother you? I mean, are you feeling really aggressive or anything? The doctor did say you might...' John's brow was furrowed and the look was too clinical for Sherlock's liking.
The office was then virtually empty. Lucy diligently looked things up on databases as requested while Sherlock sifted through crime reports, witness statements.
Jason's eyes shot to John who smiled innocently, Sherlock had found the sore point without any information from him. It was always a pleasure to watch Sherlock make bastards like Jason squirm.
‘As a doctor you should know that knotting too early is..’ The alpha cut him off, looking horrified.
Sherlock sat back on his heels and looked at the wrecked omega spread below him. 'Can I?' He said, licking his lips.
John was still looking things over when the omega appeared beside him, silent on bare feet. Wearing only a pair of military issue shorts.
John had just finished telling a (slightly edited)version of the story of a particularly hairy evacuation he'd been involved in on his last tour. Their table, a mix of Graeme employees including Joe and Richard, were lapping it up but now the meal was cleared away John's corrupted scent was attracting attention. Excuses were starting to be made to walk behind his chair and discreetly sniff.
He let the thought drift off as one of John's hands moved from his hair. Gently moving down the length of his throat, ribs, belly before slipping between his thighs. Sherlock let his legs fall open, he was wet and ready to be taken but the alpha liked to tease him. Circling his sensitive opening with a feather-like touch until he gasped and wriggled his hips.
‘Not that we could tell. He was, well, Sally had to wait for them to finish, put it like that.’ Lestrade replied. ‘What are you thinking?’
The timeline of their engagement was carefully mapped out. Where they'd met (in a supermarket) and how long they'd been together (nine months, but only openly since Greg's divorce became final). John's own history, work and so on, matched the cover story other than the last few months. There were also copies of parts of the Yard's Graeme file, his business interests (legal and otherwise) and his surprisingly normal private life. He'd been bonded for the better part of eight years to Melissa, a childhood sweetheart. John put the papers away to read properly at home later.
The alpha paused, looking at the floor. ‘If you're sure.’ Sherlock waited on him to look up and nodded emphatically. Dropping the sheet and moving back to sit on the edge of his bed. John chewed his lip, looking at him.
John glanced, with a little regret, at the receding figure of the bridesmaid. All soft curves in slinky green satin, before grabbing the remainder of his drink and heading outside. Shutting the doors decisively behind him, he stood as if to take in the cool night air.
'That's that sorted then.' John said getting up from the table and squeezing Sherlock's shoulder. He moved away, as if to go to his room but then stopped and slowly turned.
‘No-I wasn’t- I just wondered if you could use a little help from an old soldier?’ John smiled hopefully. Perhaps the evening wouldn’t be a complete washout after all.
'So come to bed. This'll kill your back anyway.' John made to get up but was stopped by a hand on his wrist.
'Yeah thanks it's... thoughtful.' One of the adjectives he'd never have thought to use in relation to Sherlock Holmes.
'We just wait then?' Sherlock bounced out of his seat and paced to the window.The work always made him twitchy but normally it was pleasant anticipation. This was horrible.
They left the shop and got into a cab, travelling into a part of town John was unfamiliar with. It had the look of somewhere halfway to being fashionable, like most of London seemed to these days, the shop windows advertising organic this and artisanal that. Sherlock ignored all this and headed straight for an alley off a side street.
'Ok, I'll take this one then-and thanks. You didn't need to get me anything. It's just not something I'd have done, left you in hospital on your own.'
‘Who have you been talking to? Lestrade?’ Sherlock knew that their caseloads had crossed over in the past but less so since Lestrade had moved to work at headquarters.
Richard smiled at this. 'They still use the same layout. Postcodes, money in, money out. Of course there's only three postcodes in that book.' That lot are too thick and set in their ways to get used to a better system.
'Ideal, your pheromones should be mostly calming. All I'm suggesting is you take him home sit with him. Maybe sleep in the same room.' In John's exhausted state Dr Sloan seemed irritatingly cool.
John ran himself a bath. The omega called him as he waited for it to cool. He passed on Greg's message and promised they'd talk more at the charity dinner. Joe sounded calmer than earlier, resolute.
With effort John kept his hands pretty much to himself. Though this was a date, it was decidedly a first date. He wanted Sherlock, with his admitted inexperience, to lead this, to show him he was sure. He didn’t have to wait long.
Alphas would say all sorts when they were inside you. Sherlock had been called a slut, a whore. He'd been told he was loved and everything in between. He didn't have the time to consider it further.
Sherlock went out into the street. The sharp city air felt like a slap after days in the flat surrounded by the fresh green alpha scent. He raised his arm to flag the empty cab that was approaching.
'Yes but something...something is wrong here.' Sherlock moved around looking at the area from different angles before snapping a couple of pictures with his phone. He then propped one crutch against the wall, pulled out one of Lestrade's stolen warrant cards and pounded on a door. It was opened by someone in chef whites and the detective disappeared inside for not more than five minutes.
'Of course it took a long time for any Of the police to trust me enough to let me on a crime scene.' Sherlock said sipping the coffee John had insisted on buying when Sherlock had bought him a first class ticket back to London. To Sherlock it hadn't seemed particularly generous. He simply wanted as much of John Watson to himself for as long as possible. 'So, where are you thinking of moving to?'
Hotels that were happy to cater for a heat. Usually levying a small extra charge for laundry and an exclusively beta staff. Websites that catered, safely, for casual arrangements, while discouraging those who were really looking for a bond.
The first time during a heat was invariably quick. It always seemed as if his body (and the alphas for that matter) has completed the act before his brain caught up. This time was no different. It was as if John had barely started to move, a confident, easy, roll of the hips, before Sherlock felt the pressure of the filling knot. He felt himself open further, drenched, as his body prepared. Instinct held him stock still when he felt the alpha press the knot against him with purpose.
John settled back into the car and started again on the text to his sister. He had just pressed send when Sherlock returned.
There was twenty minutes of nothing happening except closely watching the feed from the camera. The conversation between Lestrade and Melissa looked intense.
‘Sort of , made very clear to me that there was lots of money and herself on offer if I could help her out. We never quite got to what exactly with but what you said to Sally was right. She's got all sorts on Jim, so she says, enough to put him away for years.’
‘Yes, we do. I have his address.’ Sherlock is grateful that John has decided to drop it for now. He had no shame or embarrassment about how he manages his heats but now is about the work and it says something that John understands that.
‘A bit of research.’ He said, snapping the laptop shut. John nodded and he had the suspicion that John had a fair idea what he’d been looking at.
interested then, good. I usually go for three days but best allow yourself four. I don't like to use condoms so naturally I'll have clean results to show you and I will expect to see yours. Obviously I use hormonal contraception. I have your number.’ Sherlock nodded at the phone that now hung limply from the alphas hand. ‘Problem?’
‘Go home Greg.’ John said, realising this was the second time he'd said that to Greg recently and the alpha had looked like he didn't really want to go. John also realised in a flash of inspiration why Melissa had picked the alpha out, it wasn't that he was skint or due to retire, it's that he was lonely.
Searching for reports of similar crimes was part of his usual process but he hadn't expected to find one
A possible pregnancy. Sherlock wondered if it had been deliberate or an accident. Then, out of nowhere, he wondered how John would look pregnant, how he would feel about that. The thought was intrusive but what struck him in that moment was how little anxiety it gave him.
They drove back to Baker street in late afternoon traffic. Mrs Hudson sat in the front, complaining about the roadworks and Lestrade talked a little about what was happening with Graeme but John barely took it in. He wanted to grab for Sherlock's hand but the size of the back seat meant the gesture would be obvious to the others.
‘No they don’t, I’ve been calling you captain all night but you never told Miss Adler about your service, I saw.’ He disappeared into the bathroom and continued to talk through the open door. ‘It’s the haircut, the way you stand, then there’s the injury. Shoulder, shot most probably. Your medical discharge explains why you’re short of cash. The suit, the shirt, all bought when you were a good deal better off, say two years ago? Hardly worn though. You had little need to wear smart civvies in the army and with your injury and subsequent PTSD…’ William emerged from the bathroom, eyeliner repaired. ‘Sorry that was a little personal-probably.’
‘She’s out there.’ Sally said, peering discreetly through the glass. ‘They asked for volunteers to come in.’ Sherlock moved to stand beside her. ‘Third in from the lift dark hair.’
The alpha stroked and kissed down his belly to where he was beginning to harden again. Rolling on to his back, John pulled Sherlock on top of him. Tugging his hair to hold him in position while they kissed.
‘No, you're right. I know that's what you did. I'm fine.’ John waved the comment away.There was a pause in which Sherlock failed to correct the past tense and they began walking again.
The scruffy box containing the Graeme evidence was sitting, pride of place, on Lestrade’s coffee table. Sherlock lifted the lid. It looked tedious but it would be just the sort of thing to keep him occupied till Graeme made a move - or John's heat started.
‘He could look at you and tell you your whole life story. You’d come down to breakfast in the Formal Hall and this freak would know you’d been shagging the previous night.’ Sebastian gave him a lecherous glance.
'Not let-I want you to. Half the times I looked at you today your eyes were on my arse, you were hypnotised. I thought like this you'd be able to touch me exactly where you want to.
‘I'm in shock, and I just caught you a serial killer, more or less.’ Lestrade looked at him and sighed, the inspector knew it would be easier just to let him go. Was accustomed to him losing interest before the boring stuff of paperwork, building a case got going.
' No- and I've done some things that were...but not this.' When he turned back to face John he struggled,to look at him straight, the sheer rawness in his damp eyes was unsettling.
'I could smell you two from downstairs. Don't get me wrong, I'm happy for you, but I don't see how it's going to work for tonight.'
John thought of the omega Sherlock had mentioned last night. 'No.' He said a little too brusquely. 'I mean Mrs Hudson is going to be around and Greg Lestrade will look in. If you try and smother him it'll only make him more likely to do something stupid.'
Sherlock had the immediate sense there was little to find as soon as they got inside. Two pieces of worked oak were mounted on stands, paper plans pinned to the wall behind annotated in several colours. The tools were neat, everything put away apart from a couple of chisels, a pen and blank notepad. A half full paper cup of coffee (from the attached shop), sat to one side, mould beginning to bloom on its surface.
‘Wait.’ Sherlock twisted the sheet in his hands. John paused, a jumper, absurdly, covering his modesty.
|Sherlock soon caught sight of a young man running for the nearest exit down a narrow passage in the scaffolding. He made after him deducing as he went. The lover. A gym-maintained physique, probably how they met. No suggestion of martial arts or combat training-good to know in these circumstances. They quickly ran out of passage. The man faced Sherlock.
‘Sergeant Donovan’s just been explaining everything, the two pills. Been a dreadful business, hasn’t it?’ John furrowed his brow, shuffled. The alpha was many things (
'I want this..you.' Sherlock said, his usual eloquence gone as he shifted between John's legs and ran fingers reverently along his inner thighs.
The alpha sounded incredulous but he complied. Sherlock had planned to send the text himself really but for some reason he took the opportunity to test John Watson. The doctor, with a little grumbling, typed exactly as Sherlock dictated.
'I was taking my little brother to the doctor when I saw this.' A familiar eye, A5 sized, powder blue paint, was drawn beside a clinic sign. 'I didn't understand it until I was waiting for him to come out and I saw ...'
He had spent most of the more lucid parts of his heat vaguely fantasizing about the detective. There was something in the way he handled the violin, the intensity he brought to his work. Something that had been compelling since they'd met but now, with biological compatibility in the mix, was a lot more complicated.
‘Anyway, tan fading, hair growing out, that tells me you must be discharged. There's shoulder pain, a tremor - so medical discharge. The tremor isn't at all obvious you know, I only noticed because you look for it yourself, constantly checking your grip.’ Sherlock finished with unexpected gentleness.
John was taken aback. He’d seen Sherlock turn on the foppish public school charm before but only ever in pursuit of a case.
After the lunchtime visit to Sebastian John had gone to work and Sherlock back to the flat to consider, absorbing himself in pictures of the crime scenes and of similar symbols which he pinned to the wall. He couldn't find the meaning and it annoyed him but otherwise he'd had a bit of luck.
He thought about staying up, getting on with something useful but decided, sod it. He was going back to bed. He inserted himself back into Sherlock's arms and was soothed to sleep within minutes.
'That's when you started suppressant?' John asked, leaning forward in a fruitless attempt to catch his eye.
Things generally had taken a turn for the better in the last few months following a rough spell after he left the army. He was getting regular locum work and was in a decent enough flat for the rent he was paying. Then there was his flatmate. The eccentric 'consulting detective' and his work kept John's life interesting, that is to say, just dangerous enough. More than that, Sherlock seemed to find sex, procreation and therefore John's omega status unspeakably dull - which made things easier.
The flat was chaos. Lestrade sitting in his chair while Donovan, Anderson and the others gleefully pulled the place apart. ‘What are you doing?’ Sherlock said, though really he already knew.
‘ I’m pretty sure you could search this flat all day, you wouldn’t find anything you could call recreational.’
'Together?.' Sherlock said glancing up at John knowing the sparks of desire in John's eyes were mirrored in his own.
'You know all the times I've been to scenes like this, had it drummed into me about. contamination and I only just stopped myself covering him with my coat.' Lestrade said.
Like this the knot was less of a sudden shock, it crept up on him. Almost one nerve ending at a time. He closed his eyes letting the bliss and relief of another orgasm build slowly.
Sherlock stopped sharply, turning to the alpha, backing him against a wall. ‘John I have been doing this for years. There are a large number of alphas who have
'I wouldn't be a surrogate anymore.' John broke in gently. He liked Matt, he wasn't against the idea as such (though the army would be) it was just he knew it was a post-heat glow talking. 'You need to let this settle I think.'
‘You thought I was going to attack you? That’s just lovely.’ John spat, though he knew that buying sex didn’t exactly give him the moral high ground.
' Something similar gets used in the prison service, a last resort for very violent alphas. They keep it quiet for obvious reasons. The stuff he's been taking is probably a bit more refined but we have to assume he'll still get some of the side effects.'
He then found himself at a bit of a loose end. Neither of the books he'd brought appealed at the moment and there was nothing on telly. He opted to get out his laptop, a bit of a more qthorough read of the press articles on Graeme might be useful if he was needed again. Staring at the blank search engine box though he typed in a different name, Victor Trevor.
He sat in his chair with the suppressant and syringe balanced on his knee and suddenly thought about how John had felt in his lap that night. Vulnerable and in control all at once. He tried to brush the image aside. John could do better than a virgin alpha who got addled by pheromones like an adolescent. He began to prepare the syringe, hands shaking, when his phone buzzed.
‘As I said, I worry about him constantly. A burden i'd be happy to share Dr Watson.’ John just snorted in laughter before jogging to catch him up, he was close to laughter himself.
'I thought - Victor? When you said you'd never spent a heat together. I didn't realise..' He stopped the motion on John's hip and visibly withdrew.
'Gin and tonic was it?' Sherlock said, waving to the barman as they reached the bar that overlooked the dance floor.
‘That all sounds a bit nuts Sherlock, frankly.’ Greg looked doubtful and Sherlock could all but read his thoughts.
‘So, was it all the sex you found so interesting or was it something he did while you were out on a case?’ Molly looked at him pointedly.
‘That would be lovely.’ His sister cut him off with a mischievous smile and Sherlock stepped into the kitchen, John followed.
'I will be, I knew there was a reason I avoided fieldwork.' Mycroft said, as he took the mug shakily.
A lot of dialogue from ASIP had been cut for this, or swapped round. Let me know if it doesn't make sense.
John sighed and shuddered against Matt's shoulder as he emptied himself inside the omega. Matt having already spattered the floor below them. It was laughably undignified.
‘Ooh, I like this bit. ’Cause you don’t get it yet. But you’re about to. I just have to do this.’ The cabbie was buzzing with excitement as he placed two identical bottles containing apparently identical pills on the bench.
‘Colleague.’ John had corrected his deliberate ambiguity with an eyebrow raise and a firm handshake while Sherlock noticed a flurry of things. ways to make Sebastian notice how smart he was. How well he was doing at this.
The black tramway was one of those half abandoned industrial sites that only the homeless, criminals and Sherlock seemed to bother with. He slipped in through a side door that swung carelessly open. The burst padlock hanging limp. If confirmed what he had already realised, he was expected.
'No it's fine.' Sherlock replied quietly, knowing they'd never be talking like this if they were eye to eye.
‘I suppose the reason I'm telling you all this, plying you with scotch, is to make clear I'm not interested, not anymore. I suddenly realised how it looks, me coming back home like this and inviting you here. I'm glad it seems to be working out for him.’
'Not sure. I've not much family, I was thinking Northumberland. I've a couple of friends there and in Scotland so...'
There has never really been any doubt he would go with the man, a deeply unremarkable beta (apart from the serial killing). Divorced, didn't see his kids,
‘Tell me you didn't feel something? I don't mean the sex. I'm a doctor with a big cock I should be able to service a heat.’ Sherlock laughed at his bluntness and John smiled. Reaching across the table to take Sherlock’s hand. Sherlock let it be taken, to stretch out this moment before he had to disappoint John. Let him down gently. He looked so
It was a classic body dump location. Waste ground at the side of a canal. Not in the canal though - so this one was meant to be found.
The capsule fell forgotten from his hand as he clambered over another bench to the window. Expecting to see a Met marksman in the building opposite, a mess of blue lights and uniforms below but there was nothing, the place deserted.
‘Look Sherlock I can’t let you talk to them directly, they’re not strictly speaking in my custody, I’m calling in favours keeping them here. If you could have a look at the property, at them give us something to work with, neither of them are talking.’
‘What about health-wise?’ Mycroft said, a little more hesitant. ‘Are you prepared for…’ His brother, an alpha who ran huge swathes of government with ruthless efficiency, was actually blushing as he stumbled over the word heat. Sherlock took a mouthful of his own tea, let him dangle for a few moments.
‘There. They've held that place for longest- their first. Why? It's a typical terraced house, there must be a reason.’ Sherlock mused.
'It will likely arrive with little warning after this, best to get food, water and things sorted.' The doctor looked at him carefully. 'If you're not sure I can give you some information...'
'Look, can I ask-' John jerked his head to indicate they should step away, not really having to fake any of the nervousness. 'A friend of mine, someone I served with, suggested you might be able to help with um...security.'
‘What was he like then?’ She said, backing away, moving across the room to her own workstation. ‘This last alpha?’
‘I didn’t order a taxi. Go away.’ He snapped, immediately feeling guilty. John went to the door to talk to her.
‘Wait.’ Sherlock said hurriedly swallowing a mouthful. ‘You said you always do this the same way, different omega, hotel?’
John gave him some advice about suppressant side effects and they stood in silence for a while. Drinking tea and eating the last of the biscuits.
, his parents. She was realising just how common he actually was. He'd got so far on being Dr/Captain Watson but now he'd explained his background. Well, breeding will out, that was the expression.
You don't need to do this.’ Sherlock said, already relishing the prospect of something warm and starchy.
He made his way from the hotel through a no mans land of car parks and litter strewn underpasses to the where Lestrade was set up. A multitude of police cars and vans had taped off a large area and staff at nearly businesses stood at their doors to watch the spectacle.
The detective sighed as if the whole topic bored him. 'I get erections occasionally if that's what you mean.'
‘There really is no need for nerves. ‘William said, voice and eyes soft as the hand moved down John’s belly. If this had been a date John would have been hard already. Would probably have been getting there just from following that lovely arse up the stairs.
'Look here.' Sherlock tapped a varnish tin which contained a pile of cigarette ends. An upturned crate sat alongside. 'The top few are dry. It hasn't rained to any degree since the day before we found the body. He was out here the day he died.'
'Let's try and get you more comfortable.' Sherlock said softly, looking at John with a sort of awe. He grabbed a handful of tissues and cleaned John's semen off his stomach before pulling a couple of pillows onto his chest and encouraging the wiped out omega to lean forward, gingerly shifting his legs to make it easier. He finally pulled a blanket over John's back.
She'd been emailing contacts and seemed confident of getting at least a bit of freelance work before long. They'd spent the rest of their time together leisurely, watching old films and going for long walks. Clara even came to visit, John making himself scarce for a few hours. Love, he knew, had never been the issue.
He unfolded it with shaking fingers. A beautiful copperplate hand, fountain pen, expensive heavy stationary.
‘I’m hoping long term to identify variables that affect the duration and intensity of heats. Personal interest but it may have some clinical use.’ Sherlock was a little defensive perhaps. He'd never been asked to justify the thing before.
‘Yeah, nothing. They're too smart for that. We know where they are, Jim and Melissa. Birthday party, someone they know from years back. Haven't moved all evening apparently.’ Sally suppressed a yawn herself.
The corridor was widening out and various rooms led off. As they moved further on there were offices and staffrooms, rosters pinned to the wall. Sherlock glanced in through a couple of open doors. All was quiet until the smell started to change to food as they neared the kitchens. Then they began to hear hisses and clatters, shouting.
‘Don't you bloody dare.’ John moaned breathlessly, rolling his hips up to meet the alpha. Definitely not much refractory period. The rough tone of command in his voice
'Close...' John gasped, the leather creaking as, his hips started to jerk instinctively. Sherlock increased the pace his tongue working expertly along the underside of John's length and around the head. John came in a series of bitten off moans. It was the first time he had came actually inside Sherlock's mouth but the detective seemed unperturbed. He discreetly turned away from John to spit into a wad of napkins which he must have lifted at the party.
John had thought about it too. He was under no illusions about what would have happened if things had just gone slightly differently that night.
‘Would you like me to undress you captain?’ William was curling his frame around John snakelike as lips brushed against his temple.
The next couple of hours were a bit of a daze. They cleaned themselves up and John heated the soup Mrs Hudson had left. They were curled together on the sofa, John beginning to idly wonder how soon the fabulous smelling alpha beside him would be ready for another round, when a text from Greg reminded him that they did ,actually, have something to do tonight.
‘If you've been abstinent for a long time an orgasm is bound to be intense.’ Sherlock said, trying to sound detached. From what he'd read and what John had told him the doctor had been close to death at one point and laid low for months after his wound.
They'd only found out a few days ago. It was the morning sickness. Army food and sharing a fridge with Sherlock had shown John to have a cast iron digestion so when he was sick two days in a row within weeks of his heat he realised he needed to do a test. John knew that one day soon he'd wake up in a cold sweat with the realisation that, fuck, they were going to be parents but for now they were just delighted.
'If you're looking for your pills you'll have to give it at least another hour.' John said rinsing suds from a plate.
‘You're lovely.’ John said simply. It seemed to be his favourite adjective.Hands skimmed down Sherlock’s arms.
John saw the conflict in Sherlock’s expression. Sherlock craved contact with him, that much was clear, but there was also a hesitancy.
‘Yes now.’ John put on his look that entertained no argument and gestured to the kitchen at the end of the room. Sherlock followed reluctantly.
He opened the door as quietly as possible. Sherlock must be having what counted as an early night for him given it was just past one. The flat smelled faintly, but not unusually, of melted plastic.
'George was always the alpha I wanted to be.' Lestrade finished. A silence settled, Greg was clearly finished talking about this. A change of subject seemed to be called for.
John tried not to imagine Sherlock scenting him, the intimacy of skin on skin, of being claimed. He attempted to think of it in medical terms. The instinctive response to invasion of perceived territory by another alpha. It didn't mean anything real.
John held Sherlock's hips still as he carefully eased himself inside. The wash of relief was instant and Sherlock moaned, his mind unable to focus on anything other than the single point of sensation. The sound was echoed by John and he felt the alpha shiver against him.
' I spoke to someone yesterday that I used to work with who's in CID there. Made out I was being investigated for something and I was trying to get a feel for the internal affairs people.'
They heard the rhythmic step of the CO approaching and scrambled to their feet. Muscle memory pulling them to attention.
Tension was obvious in the line of Sherlock's shoulders under his shirt as he gripped the side of the sink. John got up to reach out for him and hesitated. He suddenly longed for the easy physical contact of their previous simple relationship. When he'd think nothing of reaching into Sherlock's jacket for his ringing phone.
‘Succinct.’Sherlock said with a satisfied smile. His face smeared with the eyeliner John was probably now wearing too. Now I know why I let you write the blog.
‘Oh. Glass of wine?’ John said, something to say while he got his head wrapped round Sherlock propositioning him.
'Whatever you want-of course. Perhaps- for your shoulder.' Sherlock fussed with the pillows so there was no strain on the old injury.
‘End of Baker Street, there’s a good Chinese stays open till two. You can always tell a good Chinese by examining the bottom third of the door handle.’ He owed John at least one meal. Though the Chinese didn't let him pay either.
He suddenly found his own exhaustion overwhelming. He pushed a couple of hardbacks to the floor before lying down heavily.
'John Watson and this is Sherlock Holmes. You'll have to ask Sherlock really he is the one insisting on something older.'
As Sherlock shifted in his seat John suddenly became aware that the detective had been neglected. He unconsciously licked his lips as he looked at the strained fabric tenting the front of Sherlock's trousers. He glanced out of the tinted window, nearly home.
'OK-I'll ask. How did you know he was married? Tan line on the ring finger?' Molly said as the door clanged shut.
'We have time. We've hardly moved in ten minutes - must be the roadworks.' Sherlock looked at him, eyes dark with arousal, hand already releasing John from his underwear.
John felt sort of privileged to have heard the story, Sherlock gave so little of himself away normally. He had long assumed the detective had some sexual history, he was too attractive, too curious to have entirely avoided that aspect of life.
'Two tickets for Holmes to collect please.' He said to the attendant at the desk, distracted by his train of thought.
‘Any number of things Sherlock he's not on call for you - showering, sleeping, having sex?’ John said, his sister collapsing into fits of giggles as if she was fifteen again.
Sherlock had expected the case as with so many others to force him to move quickly from one place, one aspect, to the other. Those sorts of cases were exhausting but exhilarating.
'Don't get me wrong it would have been nice if one of the omegas mother suggested had fitted the bill. Unfortunately all they had going for them was, well, a dowry. Old fashioned term but that's what it amounts to.'
