“Then it will be your decision if we make adjustments or discontinue them altogether,” Doctor Dieter explained. “Although I would hope you would choose to do the former. All I ask is you try these medications for two weeks before you give up on them.”
Sherlock gave a shudder at John's commanding tone, his lashes fluttering. He was all the way in the living room before he paused and turned back. “I printed out a standard contract. It has a list of hard and soft limits to choose from as well as punishments to be selected. It also had space to allow it to be tailored. Will that suffice in place of the paper?”
John’s mouth broke out into a wide grin as he waited for their lover to react. Sherlock just stared at the piece of plastic, unblinking.
John had wandered the streets for hours. His limp had come back and was quite pronounced. Every few blocks, he had stopped and swore profusely before continuing on his way. The rational part of his mind had kept telling him Sherlock hadn't meant what he had said, but it hadn't been very loud. Until now.
“I. Am. Bored,” Sherlock declared again, and then he started working on the zip. When he got John's jeans unfastened, he started mouthing at the doctor's cock through his pants.
“You did that for me?” John asked in wonder. For Sherlock to have turned down cases for him... It was overwhelming. “Thank you.” He tipped his boy's head back, then bent down to kiss him. He delved deep into Sherlock’s mouth with his tongue, then nipped at his bottom lip before pulling away. “God, Sherlock. I want you. I want to fuck you so hard.”
One quick diversion to the toy table, and the doctor returned with ankle cuffs and a short chain. John quickly spread the sub's legs and cuffed them to the legs of the table. He connected the chain to Sherlock ‘s collar and attached it to one of the hooks from the table.
Light flooded the container, blinding the two men momentarily. They blinked a few times before their eyes adjusted and allowed them to see both Mary and Mycrof stood in the doorway.
John felt like he had been slapped. “You do realise you just put me in with a rapist,” he said, his voice shaking with hurt and barely controlled wrath. He didn’t wait for a reply. He didn’t trust himself to keep calm. The doctor stalked to the door, slipped on his shoes and his coat and stormed out of the flat. It didn’t matter that he was wearing pyjamas. He had to get out of there before he did or said something he would regret later.
“He was no trouble at all,” she said sadly as she gathered up her things. “What I wouldn’t give for a nice chemical explosion or a nice fire.”
They sat next to each other at the table and ate, Sherlock grasping John’s hand and holding it the entire time. It felt good to be doing so again. His other issues could just sod off.
The DI came with a cry of Mycroft's name on his lips. He clamped down on his Dom's cock hard, driving him over the edge into orgasm as well.
Sherlock sniffed. "She needs stimulation." He picked Rosie up and began stripping off her chocolate covered clothes. John had already drawn a bath in the kitchen sink. "You like my gifts, don't you, bee?" Sherlock asked the little girl who giggled with excitement. She knew a bath was coming and she loved bathtime.
"That's the Sherlock we love," John said, smiling. "So..." His tone grew more serious. "You... enjoyed that? What we did?"
“Easy. Easy,” inner John said, holding his hands up and making a calming gesture. “It's just me.” He gestured with his head towards the door. “But that’s not.” He eased his hand towards the small of his back and pulled out his SIG. “He won’t get in here. I promise you. This is your safe place.”
“What?” Sherlock asked innocently. “I merely deduced that the two of you would have had time to discuss my proposal by now and would have arrived at the logical conclusion.”
The detective gave a shiver when John slipped the blindfold on him. Suddenly his other senses were heightened. He could feel the heat of his Dom's breath against his skin.
“That would be fine if you had only nicked them the one time. Let’s say forty then.” John rested his palm on the smooth white arse and rubbed it almost absently. “I expect you to count each blow and thank me for it.”
"That would be fine." Sherlock dragged the blanket from the end of the sofa over and spread it across both his legs and John's.
“No, Mycroft,” the former assassin said, I am going to find my husband and Sherlock. After that, I am going to find whoever sent that email and deal with them.”
They enjoyed one another, their emotions fueling their lovemaking. It wasn’t slow and sweet, but hard and fast. When they were done, they were both exhausted and fell asleep in ine another’s arms.
“Please, sir, let me come. I need to come, sir. I need it so badly. I can only come for you, sir. Please. Please, please, please.”
John sat next to his friend, deciding to let Sherlock take the lead. They sat in silence for quite some time. Finally, the detective began to speak.
“No need. I see Mycroft has sent a car. We’ll be home soon.” John started for the car, gesturing Sherlock to go in front of him.
The doctor stood there a few moments, his left hand clenching and unclenching, then he calmly collected the box of case files, nodded to the stunned DI and walked from the office himself. He'd go home and hopefully find Sherlock there. When he did, he definitely wouldn't shout at him. Definitely. No matter how much he wanted to.
John shook his head. “I don’t know.” He heaved a breath. “You shouldn't have to go through something like this again.”
Sherlock shook his head violently. He hadn’t called John an idiot. He had said the world was full of idiocy. That wasn’t the same thing at all. If he could only explain...
“You’re collecting the additional pension for being wounded in action,– of course you’ve got a therapist.” Sherlock smiled his fake smile. His deductions should put this Dom in his place.
“A fact of which I am already aware. Their abduction was captured on CCTV, but my people lost them.” The government official’s voice expressed his displeasure at the fact.
Mary stared at an email that had come to her phone. She had already read it twice and now had it memorised. Still, it held her attention. There was a photo embedded in the email along with a name and address. That wasn't what kept drawing her eyes. Instead, she was focused in the clear threat to John and Sherlock: if she didn’t kill the man in the photo, they would die.
Greg stood swiftly. "I'll give the two of you a few moments alone." He exited his office and closed the door behind him, then he stood there, arms crossed, standing guard.
Slowly, Sherlock seemed to relax. He leant back against the headboard and let his eyes fall shut. His fear had faded to something manageable. Now his guilt was at the forefront of his thoughts. “John...” To his horror, he felt tears welling up in his eyes. He had cried far too much in recent weeks and he loathed it as much as he hated himself.
The Dom asked it in such a firm, confident and commanding tone that Sherlock had to fight to keep from falling to his knees. He lifted his chin and tried to sound haughty. “I’m a consulting detective. Only one in the world. I invented the job.”
"That's fine," the doctor breathed as he kissed Sherlock on the jaw. "I'm looking forward to it, actually."
Finally, it got to be too much. The bedroom inside his Mind Palace was almost ready to explode with sexual tension. The detective begged off, claiming he had to meet John, collected his samples and fled the morgue and Barts altogether. Hailing a cab, he flung himself into it and heaved a great sigh of relief. If he could just make it home, he could take care of his predicament before John got home and the doctor would never need to know.
John pressed a kiss to Sherlock's lips. "See. You already know the answer to your concerns in your heart."
“Yes, not only the chase, which I know you enjoyed, but the brainwork was satisfying as well.” Sherlock hesitated, but John was in a good mood and it seemed like the proper time to broach the subject. “Do you think Mary ever misses it?”
Lestrade had started calling Sherlock and John in on a regular basis, something that went a long way in and of itself to help Sherlock heal.
Sherlock whipped around as a hand fell on his shoulder, only to be brought face to face with Inner John.
John kissed the top of Sherlock’s head, it was the only part of him he could reach, and resigned himself to being used like a teddy bear for the next several hours. It wasn’t a bad prospect. Not at all.
“That's complete bollocks,” John said, offering his hand, palm up. “I've forgotten about it. We can’t let it keep standing between us.” He wriggled his fingers. “Please.”
The next morning found Sherlock glaring down at his caged cock. He was sat on his hands to ensure he didn’t touch the loathsome thing. He knew if he did, there would only be more trouble to be had. As tempting as it was to try to remove the thing, he didn’t want to risk John's ire.
The detective brought his hands back around from behind his back and grasped his cock. He ran his thumb over he slit to collect the copious precome, then he started slowly pumping himself, using it as lube.
Mycroft's words burned through Sherlock's apathy in a flash. He sat up and spun around to glare at his brother, spitting out, "No! I won't subject myself to some idiot digging around in my mind! And they'll want to drug me. You know they will. They always do. They'll want to slow my brain down until it feels like mush."
Adjusting himself in his trousers, John nodded. “Alright. Yes.” He wandered over to the nearby table and looked at the variety of toys on offer. He selected a ball gag and a pair of handcuffs. He wanted to keep things simple. They could properly explore the dungeon’s potential later.
Sherlock flopped down on the sofa, his scowl softened by the sight of Mary playing with Rosie. Soon, there was a soft smile on his face though he would have denied it.
Sherlock couldn’t believe he had entered into a contract, even with someone as clearly remarkable as John Watson. John, however, was grinning broadly, clearly chuffed.
The doctor laughed. "Lovely, that hair of yours is just right to me, but we're getting off topic. You are the only loving, caring, and, yes, gorgeous madman we want to be the father of our next child. How could we let all those wonderful genes fall by the wayside?"
Mycroft took Sherlock's anger in stride. “Whatever you are talking about, I am sure I only did what needed to be done.’
“Hold on, pet. Hold on. I promised I would make feel like you’d been split in two. Do you feel it? Tell me.”
Sherlock lay on his bed in the middle of the night, staring at the ceiling. Each day that had passed brought their family one day closer to trying for another baby. He tried to imagine another baby in their flats, one that was a mix of him and Mary. It made him smile. It wasn't something he had ever expected, having a child that shared his genes.
“Yes.” Sherlock threw himself down on the sofa. “I’m working the case as... a favour.” He paused. “He needs closure, something I hope you can appreciate.” His eyes fell shut. He hoped John wouldn’t ask too many questions about their ‘client’. He knew the truth would come out eventually, but he wasn’t ready for it to happen. Not yet. He would explain everything to the doctor when he had more information... when it was easier.
I have to ask, are you taking care of yourself? Are you eating? Are you getting enough sleep? I worry about you. Sorry, I know you deplore repetition.
As John selected a programme, he relaxed into the cushions. "Oh, I forgot to tell you. Your appointment is day after tomorrow at one. You're lucky. They had a cancellation." As soon as the words left his mouth, he felt his friend go stiff. "Sherlock?"
John cleaned up his boy with him still hanging on the cross, then he carefully got him down. He slung him over his shoulder in a fireman's carry and took him into the bedroom. Placing him on the bed, he rubbed arnica cream into the chaffed flesh where Sherlock had pulled at his bonds.
John chose to walk most of the way home, taking the tube only a short portion of the journey. As he walked, he thought about how he would feel in Sherlock’s place. It was impossible to know, really. He wasn’t the one who had been raped. The closest thing he had experienced was how he had felt after he had been shot.
John fell asleep first. The sound of his quiet, steady breathing soothed Sherlock. He listened to it until it eventually lulled him to sleep.
Over the next several days, weeks, and months, Sherlock improved. He saw his psychiatrist at regular periods and actually listened to him. True to his word, he did nothing that truly alarmed John.
“Are you alright?” John asked. He was unprepared for the eruption of venom that spewed forth from Sherlock's lips.
Without a word, the government official sat in Sherlock’s chair. He didn’t look his usual pompous self, he looked tired and defeated. After several moments of silence, he spoke, “I feared it would come to this. I had hoped... Foolish of me, I know.”
“Whatever.” The next words that came out of Sherlock’s mouth surprised even him. “Come with me to see Doctor Dieter again?”
Rosie's one year birthday party had been a success. Mary and both the dads had been there, of course, along with Uncle Mycroft, Greg, Mrs. Hudson and Molly. Now all of the guests had left and there was nothing left to do but to clean the flat and the chocolate icing covered Rosie.
John gave a start at the clang coming from the container door. He wished he had his SIG with which to greet whoever was on the other side.
“Oh God, yes.” John was anxious for a bit of action and, truth be told, he wanted to see the sub at work. He had a feeling Sherlock Holmes could get himself into no end of trouble.
The doctor rushed to the bathroom door and pounded on it with his fist. "Sherlock are you okay?" Without waiting for an answer, he started to open the door, but Sherlock beat him to it.
Mrs. Hudson didn’t blink. She just took Rosie and the nappy bag. “Do be careful, dear,” she said, worry clear in her voice.
“That was brilliant. I know I already said that, but I've missed it. It’s been too long since we had a case like that.” John reached over and took the detective’s hand, squeezing it.
The moment Greg got home, he was slammed up against the wall by Mycroft and pinned there with his hands above his head, he hadn't been expecting it, but it was more than welcome. “Mycroft? Sir? What's brought this on?”
John wrapped and arm around Sherlock's shoulders. "Hey, it's alright." He rocked his lover slowly. "Mary and I have considered that possibility. Doctor. Nurse. Remember? When we thought you might be willing to be the father, but wouldn't want to have sex with Mary, we investigated fertility clinics. We asked about this very thing as well. Any one of them can test your sperm. If there's a problem, we move to plan B and use artificial insemination. There are things they can do to increase the odds in the event there's a problem. It doesn't have to mean the plan is a no go, love."
“How the fuck should I know!” John snapped. Why was it up to him? It wasn’t fair. No, what wasn’t fair was Sherlock getting raped, he told himself guiltily. God, he hated this. “Sorry. Sorry. It’s just hard.” He pinched the bridge of his nose. “I'll stay here and try to keep him from leaving the flat. But if he’s determined...”
Sherlock looked thoughtful. “I think I need to do this alone. It’s something...” He trailed off at a rare loss for words.
Sherlock didn't look as though he was going to comply, but after several long, drawn out moments, he put his feet back on the floor and put his hands in position. After several tries, he finally felt the hand over his diaphragm move and his other hand stayed motionless. “It doesn't feel natural,” he complained.
So far, Sherlock had simply followed orders. Now, though, he stood to his full height. It was clear to see that he was fully himself again. He met John’s eyes with a mischievous grin, causing the doctor to smile back in anticipation.
"Tell John what?" the doctor asked. He had entered from the bedroom and was leaning against the doorway. He had an amused look on his face.
Looking around the dungeon, John's eyes fell on a fucking machine. He grinned wickedly, delighted at his find. After all, he didn’t want Sherlock to get bored whilst he explored the dungeon.
I will relieve your concern. I am still clean, though the drugs call to me daily. I am, unfortunately still being monitored by all of our ‘friends’.
On the fifth night, Sherlock got out of bed after another one of his nightmares. He paused after he got out of bed. “John, is the offer still open?”
Sherlock felt restless, almost bored, even. He hadn’t felt like this in a long time. He went over to the cold cases Lestrade had left for him and pulled one out. He could at least work on it whilst he passed the time waiting on his appointment.
The door slamming didn’t cause the detective to panic, but it did jar some sense into him. He replayed his words to himself and cringed. He started to fetch his phone to send a text apologising, but decided against it. John needed time to cool down and he deserved an apology in person. He doubted he’d be gone long, considering he was still wearing his pyjamas.
“Are you sure she can be trusted?” Williams asked. He accepted the Brandy and took a sip. It helped to soothe his nerves.
In the cab, John casually reached over and cupped Sherlock’s bollocks. He played with them for at bit, enjoying the pink flush that tinged his boy's cheeks. “I’m proud of you. You did everything I asked of you.” He dragged his palm along the length of Sherlock’s growing erection.
Eyes drifting shut, the doctor was surprised when Sherlock's hand worked its way into his pyjama bottoms and pants and grasped his cock. “Sherlock-“
The doctor stepped in and closed the door behind him. “Thank you.” He crossed over and tangled his fingers in Sherlock’s curls. “I don’t believe it. When did you find the time to do all of this?”
“Or it could be enemy of Mary's. Again, for leverage.” He didn’t have to see the doctor's face to know what expression he was wearing. It would be grim.
Once the sedan began moving, Mary started filling them in on the events of the last several hours. As she told the story, she was amazed that so much had happened in less than a day.
“And later tonight, I will pleasure myself while you watch. You won’t have permission to touch me or yourself. How does that sound?”
Beside him, John relaxed visibly. His relief was so great he felt tears prickle in his eyes. He blinked them away, not wanting Sherlock to see.
Sherlock’s eyes went wide and feral. He broke away from the doctor’s grip and shoved him back. “Don’t you dare touch me,” he hissed, voice dangerous and low. “What makes you think you have the right? All you want to do is paw at me. I can see it in your eyes when you think I’m not looking. You want to have sex with me just like him.”
The detective ignored him and continued outside where he stopped and stood in the rain. “Leave me alone, Mycroft. Don't have me followed.” With that, he walked into the night.
The detective hummed happily as he extracted John's cock from its confines. He didn’t give the doctor time to think. He swallowed him down, stroking his length with his tongue.
Smiling, Mary tucked her phone away. She went and checked the fridge. There was the bottle of champagne that she remembered being there. The boys might want to celebrate. Since she knew she was pregnant, she would abstain. She put the wine on ice and got out two champagne glasses, leaving the lot in the kitchen, then she settled in the living room to wait.
Anthea appeared in the doorway. “I would prefer you didn’t shoot,” she said, pressing the muzzle of the gun against the second man's head. “Raise your hands,” she ordered, taking his weapon as he complied.
It was difficult not to laugh or show admiration for his sub's skill, but what Sherlock had done was wrong and he would have to be punished, but first... “Do you do that often?”
Doctor Dieter smiled. “It will feel odd for a while. You've been in fight or flight for a long time. It's going to take patience and practice before breathing that way feels right to you again.”
He lay there, grinning up at Sherlock. “That may be one of the most insane things I have ever done.”
The government official smoothed out the paper and read it. He heaved a sigh, then thought for a moment. “This is what we’re going to do.”
Mary appeared from the kitchen carrying Rosie. They both greeted him with smiles of their own. "What is it?" Mary asked, her tone full of curiosity.
Sherlock had fallen a few steps back, feeling sickened and wanting to flee from her attack. For his part, John had been stopped from striking Sally, officer or not, female or not, by the timely arrival of Lestrade.
John chuckled. “Patience, boy.” He shifted one of the clamps into his left hand, then with a practiced motion, placed it on Sherlock’s right nipple. His boy mewled in pain, his cock giving a twitch of excitement. John quickly did the same with the other clamp, letting it bite down on the sub's left nipple.
“I’m sorry the case wasn’t what you had hoped for,” Mary said, standing and leaving Rosie to play by herself. She kissed John, before sitting next to Sherlock. “But maybe I can take both your minds off of it for a bit.”
“Oh hush, Sam,” chided Joyce.  “Love is love.  I’m proud that old bed saw some real action.  Whoever it was, I hope they come back and enjoy themselves.  As for mysteries, though, I’m fine with Willow Cross remaining famous for nothing more scandalous than our spa and service.”
Sherlock closed it and turned to him.  “Yes,” he said.  “The author makes it sound incredibly complicated.  For some people it’s considerably less so.”
Eventually Mycroft asks them to think it over, which John promises to do.  Sherlock simply says nothing.  When Mycroft crosses the room, however, to retrieve his coat and umbrella, Sherlock brings the instrument to his mouth once more.  Every step Mycroft takes gets a comical “OOOM-pah.”  Sherlock matches his brother’s pace as he leaves the room, conjuring up images in John’s mind of a bass drum following a sumo wrestler.  OOOM-pah.  OOOM-pah.  OOOM-pah.  It’s completely puerile.  John can’t help but smile.
“Person, not people.  Do keep up.  And that is the question, now, isn’t it?” said Sherlock, not even trying to disguise his distaste for the officier.  “The motive?  Revenge.”
John reached for the other strip on Sherlock’s chest.  He tried very hard not to look at the color and texture of his skin, at the constellations of freckles and moles here and there, at a flat nipple right in front of him or the trail of hair that started just under his navel and disappeared into those black pants...
best,” Sherlock quoted, and then his face rather quivered, his lips doing some sort of simultaneous smile-frown thing that John would remember for the rest of his life.
However, just because the doctor was branching out didn’t mean that he couldn’t be shocked by unusual or particularly kinky sexual behaviour.
Against his better judgement, John used the shampoo, praying that he wouldn’t go blind or break out in hives.
“A bit...smoked,” John says, trying to make light of the situation.  They smile at each other as they stand in the sitting room.  Sherlock is overwhelmed by fondness and relief.  “Oh,” John says, reaching into his jacket pocket, “I’ve got something for you.”
The two women staggering with the weight of a room’s worth of pillowcases, duvets, sheets, towels and valances had worked at Willow Cross longer than almost anyone else.  Both local villagers, Joyce--good natured, if prone to unsolicited advice--was entertained enough by the antics of the guests and staff, whereas Sam had worked at Willow Cross since she was 15 and made no secret of her desire to see the big world outside.  Despite this, she’d hated every second of her single visit to London, confiding to Joyce that it was “overwhelming, overpriced and over fookin’ rated.”  Navya liked them both, although they were strictly workmates.
“Seems he’s well known around here.  It’s going to get us what we want much faster.  And the faster you solve the case, the faster I can relax.  Just go with it, Sherlock.”
“You’re always so kind, Harriet,” he said sarcastically.  He lay on his bed, feeling very tired and small.
without his gear and weapon.  If he had one still, he’d have packed that, too.  A water bottle, a basic first aid kit, and a packet of M&Ms would have to do.
This chapter is rather light as it is a transition chapter. John will let his Dominate side show more in upcoming chapters.
“Oh, Gregory, It’s all in good fun I’m sure. But now, I believe Doctor Watson brought my brother here for a reason. Perhaps we should let him get on with it.”
She bore it with patience that she hoped would last through delivery of the baby. If it didn’t, she might just kill her partner. Even thinking it in jest made her flinch and feel queasy. She still hadn’t forgiven herself even if both Sherlock and John had forgiven her. She resolved right then that she would be patient with him even if he started measuring her cervix.
“You know better than that.” Sherlock’s expression had softened. There were few people whose intelligence he respected, but Mary was one of them.
The banking case turned out to be lacklustre. It only took two days to capture the criminal who had enacted an old scheme. He had been siphoning off the fractions of pennies left over from transactions. The amount had added up quickly.
“It’s not likely.” Sherlock pounded on the metal doors and shouted for several minutes to no avail. He was starting to feel chilled. He went cautiously over to John and sat by him, pulling him into his arms. “All we can do now is wait.”
Doctor Dieter noted that the detective hadn't agreed to anything. Not yet. “I would like to prescribe you something for your anxiety. Two medications, actually. The first, you would take daily on a long term basis. The second would be something you would take only when you felt the imminent onslaught of a panic attack. It is, however, addictive, so I would ask you to use it only when absolutely necessary.”
"And if it did, you wouldn't admit it." Mycroft sipped at the tea he had made. "Go back to MatchDs. Find a Dom. There's one interested in you. If you don't, I shall be forced to take matters into my own hands"
John's left hand clenched into a fist. He knew it was pointless trying to talk to his friend right then: he was too angry and Sherlock was too high. He looked at the box that lay on the bed. Inside it lay the vial with just a bit more liquid in it. He snatched it up. “Is this all of it?” he asked, using his captain's voice.
The doctor scoffed. “Some protector I turned out to be. I wasn’t there when he needed me.” He glanced at the clock on the wall, willing it to move faster.
Leaning forward, John took Sherlock’s cock into his mouth. At the same time, he brushed over his boy’s prostate, both actions causing Sherlock to buck up into his mouth. John used his free hand to hold Sherlock down by the hip and worked to bring him to the brink of climax. As he swirled his tongue around the head of Sherlock’s cock, he continued to massage his pet’s prostate. When the frantic sounds Sherlock was making devolved into pants and moans, John pulled off and stilled his fingers which resulted in a frustrated ‘Fuck' from his pet.
The doctor held Sherlock until the shaking stopped. “Are you okay? Sorry. That’s a stupid question.”
Mary rubbed her belly. “Don’t worry. Your fathers will be back soon. They’ll have a grand time.” She went to check on Rosie. The little girl was fast asleep. The former assassin placed a  hand in Rosie’s blonde curls. “Sleep well, little one.”
Sherlock was stood in the doorway. He looked extraordinarily bedraggled. His clothes looked like they had been slept in. No, they looked worse than that. Sherlock’s hair was limp and he was sporting two days worth of stubble.
You are a good man. Dangerous? Yes, but never to me. You say I would be better off had we never met. I say I would be dead. Apply your deductive skills to the man I was when we first met and you will see it for yourself.
When John came back, Sherlock took his tea with thanks, then scooted closer to the doctor after he sat down. He didn't really want the hobnobs, but since John had gone to the trouble to bring them, he nibbled on them. Eventually he rested his head on his friend's shoulder once again, enjoying the brief moment of peace.
“How could I possibly be bored with Mary around. I have data to collect about her pregnancy. She and the baby change every single day.” Sherlock looked genuinely puzzled.
Quietly, Sherlock took a seat in his chair and simply watched John. He wanted to take some of the pressure off of him. He felt incredibly guilty for what he was putting John through on a daily basis. That was going to change. Things were going to be more like they had been this morning. He was going to see to it.
John stared at her, words failing him. How could they just abandon him to his thoughts and fears, to the siren song of drugs. “You don’t understand...”
John grinned. “Alright then. Let's move this to the bedroom.” He couldn't wait to get his hands on Sherlock’s body. Luckily, he wouldn't have to.
Sherlock watched as his Dom backed up and stood in front of him. His eyes bulged and he instantly regretted being in trouble when John started removing his clothing. He was going about it slowly, in a teasing manner, clearly determined to wind his sub up and it was working. As each inch of golden flesh was revealed, the detective's cock strained against its confines even more. Sherlock let out a groan of frustration when John finally stepped out of his pants and stood before him, naked. He wanted to touch and be touched, but knew it wasn’t going to happen.
He didn't want to think about what had happened, let along talk about it with some stranger. Why had he succumbed to sentiment even if it was for John's sake? The doctor could leave anytime he chose and get away from the madness, from Sherlock, and he should. No sooner had the thought crossed his mind than he began to panic in earnest. He'd never make it without John.
Lestrade looked around the bullpen, his gaze stern. "Get back to work. There's nothing to see here." To John and Sherlock, he said, "Come on, let's get to my office." He led the way, trusting in the doctor's protective instincts to drive him to get Sherlock behind a closed door. John did just as the DI had hoped and guided Sherlock to Greg's office. The moment they all entered, the DI closed the door and adjusted the blinds so no one could see in. "You don't have to say anything, John. I'll make sure she's off my team. That was the final nail in the coffin." Greg turned around to see the doctor standing beside Sherlock, holding his hand. He had to look away from the sight, it touched him so much. Without another word, he went and sat in his chair, moving papers around, giving them whatever time they needed.
“In addition to your breathing, I can see you're very tense. I want you to try to relax,” the psychiatrist requested.
John stroked his pet’s cock a few more times through his trousers, encouraging the arousing feeling to grow. “Of course, you weren’t very gracious about any of it.” The Dom pulled his hand away and rested it primly in his own lap.
Sherlock dreamt each night of the ginger-haired man and each night John woke him and spoke to him soothingly. The detective never managed to back to sleep after his nightmares. Instead ,he moved to the sofa in the living room and sank into his mind palace, trying to tear down the door that blocked his memories from him.
With great reverence, John moved closer to Sherlock. He reached out with shaking hands, intending to unbutton the detective's shirt. “Is this okay”
“Fuck!” Mary swore. If whoever had sent the email to her could get to Mycroft then they were likely to have quite a few resources themselves.
"Oh, Sherlock, you already know." John, laying on his side, reached out to tuck Sherlock's curls behind his ear. "You're a father to Rosie, just like I am. You were there for almost everything except the conception where Rosie is concerned."
The Dom recognised the fact. He pushed Sherlock further, until he was completely under, then he told him, “Come for me, pet.”
"Yeah," John agreed. "They'll be best mates and argue and fuss and make up again. It'll be wonderful."
“Just think about it. How would it make you feel if your roles were reversed? I’m not saying to leave him along for hours right away. Start small. Leave the flat for 15 minutes. Give him some space, John. See how he handles it.” The timer went off and Ella set her notebook aside. “I’m afraid that’s all the time we have for today. I’d like to see you next week.” They both stood. “And John, make sure he keeps seeing his counsellor.”
The former assassin dialled Mycroft, ready to berate him for not informing him he needed to talk to the men. She would have a talk with them about it later.
In the meantime, he had to find another way to advance his case. His memories were locked away too completely for him to access them through his Mind Palace. For the little bit, he contemplated the problem, going so far as to map out the minuscule bits of information he had on the wall over the sofa. Two hours later, the doctor finally returned, just as Sherlock had predicted. The detective was stood, waiting for him, in the middle of the room staring at the crime map.
The next morning, Sherlock woke much later than normal, having slept the remainder of the night dreamlessly. He lay there looking at the ceiling, feeling nothing short of relief. When he heard a snuffle, he turned his head to look at John who was still sleeping. John’s face was smashed into his pillow and drool was escaping the corner of his mouth. The image made Sherlock smile. He wished he dared to reach over and wrap an arm around him. There were so many things he wanted to do with John. It made him all the more determined to heal.
Sherlock bowed his head. “No, sir.” He was such an idiot! He had given up an evening of serving John for the prospect of a quick wank.
Mary chuckled as she started collecting the wrapping paper and bows and chucking them in the bin. Looking over, she caught John's eyes and tilted her head, mouthing, "Now?"
John shook his head sharply. “What? Do you want me to say I get angry? Fine. I do. He’s Sherlock for Christ's sake. Shouldn’t he be getting over this?” It wasn’t fair to demand that, he knew, but... “Nothing affects him, not like this. He shakes off broken bones and stab wounds like they’re nothing. It’s all just ‘transport' to him, so why is he getting worse instead of better!?” The bitterness and anger in John's voice shocked him and he looked down, feeling ashamed of himself.
The sub's knees went weak. It was only Mycroft's grip on him that kept him from falling to his knees. His cock had already got hard in his trousers, and he was aching to be touched.
Mycroft sighed to himself. It was time to broach a subject that no one other than himself would dare bring up. "John is a good man. I have come to value his presence in your life, not merely for his steadying effect on you nor simply for his medical skills. He has become your dedicated friend. I couldn't have hoped for more." He paused to see if his words would garner a reaction, but they failed to elicit a visible response. "John is burning himself out, trying to help you. I see it in his eyes." At this, Sherlock's shoulders shifted. "You need to take some of the burden off of him, baby brother. You need to see a psychiatrist."
“Yeah, stupid question,” John acknowledged, rubbing the back of his neck. “You should probably try to get some more sleep.” He started to stand.
“You’re not meant to. That’s why it’s punishment. Now finish what you started.” The Dom looked pointedly at Sherlock's cock which was protruding, unbound, from the harness. “I won’t say it again.”
Mary didn’t hesitate, she kicked in the door, pistol drawn. She immediately locked her gun sight on the room's sole occupant, a small, weaselly-looking man. He reached for his own gun.
With a sigh, John scrubbed at his face. He needed to go back to the flat and make sure Sherlock was alright. He never should have grabbed him like he had. Now he felt guilty – he had helped bring about Sherlock’s outburst.
“He agrees with you,” Sherlock said, suddenly feeling defeated. All he wanted to do was hide away and try not to think about Bigelow and what he had done anymore. He stepped towards the door.
Mycroft greeted Williams, hand outstretched. “Your performance should have convinced anyone watching of your death.”
Mycroft nodded his approval. “This Watson might be just what my brother needs. Of course, I shall have to interview him myself.”
“I’m hurt, Mycie. But to the point. You need a decent operative. One that is better than what you currently have in the Home Office. Mary needs something to keep her mind occupied. Do something about it.”
"Alright. Okay." John held his hands out in a placating manner. "I won't say it. It obviously matters to you. So..." The doctor fell quiet and waited for Sherlock to calm down.
“That's an excellent question.” Sherlock stood and started exploring their prison. “We seem to be inside a shipping or storage unit.” No light came through the locked doors and it was extremely cold inside.
The detective blinked a few more times, looked about the room, then his eyes settled on John. Slowly, but not slowly enough to raise the Dom's ire, he began to undress. The first the to go was his Belstaff which he hung up in the cupboard. Sherlock slipped off his shoes and socks, then placed them under the chair that sat in the corner.
“Tomorrow, I’ll need you to see if you can dig up anything on our suspect from that time period. I know our description is weak, but maybe we’ll get lucky.”
John slapped his thigh. “Stop that!” He grasped the detective's cock and started pumping it, his grip firm.
Futilely trying to relax, Mary told the cabbie their destination. She leant back in her seat and closed her eyes, only opening them when the cab came to a stop.
When Sherlock managed to prise his mouth open, John was left holding the block of soap. It had been bitten nearly in two. Both men stared at it, surprised.
John slipped Sherlock’s coat off of him, then he removed his jacket. He ran his hands over the front of the too tight shirt that had been distracting him since meeting him. The straining buttons gave way beneath his fingers and soon the shirt, too, fell by the wayside. “Stand up,” John ordered, his voice husky. The moment the sub complied, John made short work of Sherlock’s trousers and pants, letting them fall around his ankles where the sub toed them off along with his socks and shoes.
In the bedroom, Sherlock hadn’t been oblivious to his brother’s visit. He hadn’t heard the exact words that Mycroft had exchanged with John, but he was confident he knew their nature. The other two men were planning his life and how to control it. He wouldn’t put up with that from his brother nor would he put up with it from John. His life was his own and no one else's.
Sherlock, forgetting for a moment about the cuffs that bound his wrists, tried to embrace John, but couldn’t. “Oh, god,” he groaned out loud as John began to move inside him. It felt so good, like he was being torn apart in the very best of ways.
“There are three distinct possibilities. It could be someone trying to get us out of the way whilst they commit a crime, in which case we might be released eventually. It could be an enemy of Mycroft using us as leverage. Or...” He trailed off.
The four of them made their way to Mycroft's waiting car. Both John and Sherlock sighed appreciatively at the heat that enveloped them.
Sex with John was the beginning of his true healing, but only because it was an affirmation of their love. When things got dark, and his fears resurfaced, the doctor was there by his side.
When you jumped, yes, it nearly broke me, but you had good reasons for what you did. Instead of hitting you like that, I should have listened to you. I don't mean in the angry way that I did that night. I mean, I should have really listened. I don't know why you gave me another chance after that, but I am grateful you did.
Looking down at his left hand, now balled into a fist, John took a deep breath, then let it out slowly. "You've always been circumspect. You've never said anything outside of these sessions that I've told you..." He looked up and met her eyes directly. "Why I'm here... It can't leave this room. Not ever."
“Then call me Greg, please.” The DI turned towards the man in the suit. “This is Mycroft Holmes, my Dom.”
“You know very well why I phoned,” Mary said, exasperated. “You should have told me you needed to talk to John and Sherlock.” Her stomach lurched at the ensuing silence.
Taking his tea with him, the doctor went up to his room for a bit of privacy.. He set his tea down on his dresser, then pulled out his mobile and the list, then he dialled the number of the psychiatrist.
"See! You've embarrassed me in front of Lestrade. Stop treating me like an invalid!" His face was twisted up in fury as he stood. "Don't follow me," Sherlock shot at John, then he stormed out of the office startling Greg.
Seeing that made both John and Mary smile. The detective’s habits were much healthier nowadays, although he still required little to  no sleep.
Despite the sub’s tone, John found himself impressed. “How can you possibly know about the drinking?”
The detective rewarded him with a vague smile for his efforts. "Thank you, John," he said, wriggling his fingers.
John didn't berate the detective, just let out a sad sigh. "Come along to the kitchen. Lets get you patched up." He led the detective to the kitchen and encouraged him to sit, then he fetched his kit and sat next to him. "You know, if you want to practice boxing, I highly recommend gloves and a punching bag," he said as he picked glass out of Sherlock's knuckles.
“What do you think you are doing?” the doctor asked, his voice stern as he stepped out of the kitchen.
Sherlock nodded. When he stood, he and John stood together, not releasing their grip. They bid Doctor Dieter farewell and headed back out of the office, then towards Baker Street.
John didn’t get his wish. It took another two hours before they were moved. John breathed a sigh of relief as he sank onto the hospital bed. He noticed that Sherlock was stood in the middle of the room, looking oddly undecided. “What?”
When John returned, he had a bottle of lotion he’d found in the bathroom. He sat down next to Sherlock and unlocked the cuffs setting them aside. As he began to rub the lotion into his sub's bright red, aching arse, he spoke. “Of course, your punishment isn’t over. You still have to return the handcuffs and apologise to Lestrade.”
“What?! No! I’m angry with the bastard that hurt him. I’m angry with myself that I can’t fix this for him. I’m angry that...” John shook his head, unable to continue.
His Mind Palace had always been a place of refuge for him in the past, but he had only visited it a handful of times since the events on the underground. Those few times, he had tried to ignore the slimy, odiferous debris that littered its halls, the memories that refused to be deleted or even filed away. Now, he wanted to reclaim his Mind Palace, not that that was something he had discussed with his therapist.
Sherlock listened intently to the voice on his mobile, making the appropriate responses when necessary. All he wanted was for the woman to get to the point. When she did, he smiled broadly and rang off, not waiting for another word. His feet were already carrying him down the stairs to C. "John! Mary!" he yelled as he burst into the flat, still grinning.
The whole thing felt incredibly fragile and it didn't escape John's notice how much Sherlock had to trust him to sit like this, especially in such a distraught state. He didn't utter a word, not knowing what he could possibly say to offer comfort. Still, he was willing to sit there for hours if need be. He'd do anything for Sherlock. Anything.
When they stepped onto the lifts and the doors closed leaving them alone together, John reached over and brought his boy’s head down for a kiss. “You're doing really well, Sherlock. I’m so proud of you for doing this without arguing.”
The detective licked a stripe along the underside of John's cock, then he closed his mouth over just the head. John groaned, wanting to fuck up into Sherlock's mouth, but their relative positions prevented him.
“You served your country well in Afghanistan until you were shot and sent back here to London. Of course your therapist has diagnosed you with PTSD, but her diagnosis is happily rubbish. You have a reputation for your sexual prowess across three continents, but you’ve never been in a committed relationship,” here Mycroft’s eyes shifted to the collar his brother wore, “until now. And you have decided to seek employment in your chosen profession. I assure you, you will have no difficulties there.”
John turned back halfway, looking at Mark with a raised brow. "Why not?" There was an undercurrent to the situation that he didn't understand. "What's wrong with this sub?"
During the cab ride to NSY, Sherlock sat as close to John as he could, holding his hand in a tight grip. He didn't look at the city passing by as had always been his wont, but stared at the back of the cabbie's head as if he didn't trust him. Jeff Hope hadn't affected him in any way, but clearly his recent ordeal had made him distrustful of strangers.
Mark glanced back over at the female matchmaker before answering. "Coming here was his brother's idea. The sub says he's not truly interested in obtaining a Dom. He thinks they're... boring."
Sherlock looked dumbstruck as he tucked in his shirt and fastened his trousers. When his Dom had pulled him from the incident room, he hadn’t expected anything like this. He had braced himself for a fight that never came. As he returned to the incident room, he was so lost in thought that he didn’t notice the sympathetic look on Lestrade's face or the smug look on Donovan's. Instead, he concentrated on the crime scene photos, his eyes drawn to the victim's right hand. “Idiot!” he shouted in a moment of clarity, and twirled around. “It was her cousin.” Why hadn’t he seen it before? He answered himself: because he had needed John to make his mind stop for a minute and he had done that indirectly in the bathroom.
“Yes, although by that time they were in their early twenties and didn’t engage in any of the children’s activities.  However, Henry specifically recalled seeing Sally's sisters, but not her father.  It seems they accompanied Gloria, and Miles stayed behind, unsurprisingly.”
Sherlock blinked lazily, as if his eyelids were not quite getting the message to reopen.  John found Sherlock made the most adorable faces when he’d had a bit to drink: sometimes he squashed his lips together or tucked his chin down to his chest which had the effect of making that long neck comically fold in upon itself, making him have six extra chins.
“Not exactly, but let’s say so for the sake of this argument.  Look, John, I’m not proposing marriage.  Just a flatshare.”
John thought of his own small and dingy childhood home.  Holmes Hall was grander than anything he’d imagined as a boy.  “Fine then.  Do you have any better ideas?” he asked, propping himself up on his elbow.
.  His thumb found a place where the pages didn’t quite meet; he opened it.  There, inside, was Sherlock’s rose, flat and brittle.
“I don’t know.  ‘Watching’ sounds creepy and voyeuristic.  You could have said, ‘keep me company,’ instead.”
John shouldered his bag without too much pain or difficulty, and she ushered him to a waiting black sedan before joining him in the rear.  The car pulled out.  They followed a small, winding road into little village containing little more than a market, post office, and church before turning down a lane flanked by stone walls and dense hedges.  Sheep grazed along the road until the farms turned into moorland.  His companion was taciturn, absorbed with her phone.
that object.  He would also maintain that had he known the outcome he would have said no when Mrs. Hudson asked him for a small favour.
“Need more data,” the detective eventually announced, abruptly swirling around and abandoning his introspection.  “Molly,” he began as he collected his belongings, “where do you get your, oh wait, of course you don’t.  Not with your stagnant social life, frankly awful taste in men, and obsession with cats.  Probably not appropriate to ask anyway, never mind.  John, give me your phone.  I have to make an appointment.”
“Come here, you,” John whispered, and turned to his side so they could kiss.  Sherlock liked kissing far more than John had originally thought he would.  Clearly Sherlock was no novice, and he learned what John liked and disliked immediately.  Cunning deductions and rapid-fire insults were not the only things that Sherlock could do with that mouth: his plump lips were made for nibbling and sucking, his teeth for gentle nipping, his tongue for gliding, thrusting, teasing.  His kisses now were already urgent and wet, the way they were before John usually gave up trying to hold back and began seeking orgasm in whatever expedient way they could think of.  Sherlock
“I’m sorry,” he apologised, turning over to his side away from John.  “I hadn’t meant to get so carried away.”
Lestrade knew enough to leave it alone.  “So, um, you two, eh?  ‘Bout time, really.  What’s next for you?”
Sherlock bent his head around to shoot John a look of exasperation and annoyance.  “John, I am asking as politely as I possibly can in my current state of arousal to kindly put your fucking dick in my arse and get on with it.”
how to find a prostate.  I have very talented hands, and you have a gorgeous arse.”  He squeezed, causing Sherlock to moan above him.  “Budge up.  Where’d you put that oil?”
“Colleague.  Partner.  I’d be lost without my blogger.”  He smiled, a little sideways smile that twisted the corner of his mouth.  John wanted to kiss it.
“I did,” she said proudly.  “Well, I commissioned it all, right down to the music and scented candles.  I figure if someone’s going to pay good money for an experience, he or she should have
John finished eating and texted Navya, who was going to arrange a distraction for Melissa that would allow John to, hopefully, slip into Lillian’s office unseen.  Appointments changed on the hour, so by ten past, all the therapists would be engaged elsewhere, and Navya swore that she could get Melissa hooked on an internet chat about her date.
“...but I wouldn’t know because I’m the great Sherlock Holmes and my body is merely transport for my glorious brain...”
“You know, when you said that, about the bed, and we were in the doorway?  I was thinking about sex.  With you.  There.  Add that to your memories.”
Mr. Chapman lived in a little terrace right at the end of Burnett Thwaite’s main street, across from the co-operative grocery and not far from his antiques shop.  John liked the look of the cottages, with their old stone masonry and steep slate rooftops.  Ivy clambered up a few of the exterior walls.  John thought the village looked particularly quaint in the summer, and while he would never want to live here permanently, he reckoned it would be a good place to visit.
Unfortunately, his week-long attempt at pornography-based research was less enlightening than he’d hoped.  His first attempt was cut short by Mrs. Hudson needing help with rearranging her furniture, and his second by being called into work.  The third time, when he actually started opening videos and watching them, he was perturbed at the ages of the men -- way too young, in his opinion.  It wasn’t the least bit sexy.  The fourth time he actually considered looking up the production company and asking whether the bottom needed medical attention after the thorough rogering he’d had by a man with a cock the size of a cricket bat.  The fifth, sixth, and seventh times all led him to the same conclusion: most of the men in the videos were freakishly huge, their penises bordering on monstrous.  Their partners, however, seemed to not only come away from the encounters without anal fissures, but they actually seemed to be having a jolly good time being reamed by input that was considerably larger than the normal output.  It was disconcerting.
“Really, Sherlock,” John had said, flopping defeatedly into his chair, “I mean don’t you ever want to just, you know…”
lips like that?  John wondered what they’d look like wrapped around his cock.  Gorgeous.  Fucking gorgeous.
Maybe it was foolish to think that they’d ever be together romantically, he thought that night as he lay in bed, staring at the ceiling.   What they had was good.  They loved each other.  They were fast friends.  It was enough.  Wasn’t it?
“I meant what I said, earlier,” continued Sherlock.  “I want to taste you.  I want to suck you off.  But right now, I think...”  he swallowed, “sex.”
Greg thought about that.  “It rather is, though,” he said at length.  “It’s his house, his garden.  His brother.  His father, too.”
ever see them.  I’d like to know more.  What you did when you were younger, what it was like living here, exploring around.  It’s a child’s dream, growing up in a castle.”
John shrugs.  The wine is good: Sherlock never selects anything but the best.  “Maybe you can convince him to play ‘Wonderwall’ and we’ll all chime in.”
Sherlock kept knocking right until Owens flung the door open, and then he simply walked in and went right to John, embracing him in a dramatic hug.  John sputtered and tried to keep his balance.
“So maybe he pressed it, as Maggie has done, in a book.  Or used a flower press.  He could have had it freeze-dried, I suppose.  But if he were trying to keep it secret, he could have bought silica powder and dessicated it.  Or just hung it upside down for a while, like drying herbs.  It would be pretty dusty and brittle by now, though, unless he kept it under glass or in a box somehow.”
He stood there for a moment, awkwardly bouncing on the soles of his feet, before setting his bag down.  It smelled old; not the mouldy mustiness of neglect, but rather of woodsmoke and furniture polish, worn velvet and old books.  The foyer was painted a warm brick red, and thick oriental rugs covered the dark wood floor.  Although the day was dreary, plenty of light spilled through the tall, elegantly draped windows.  To his left was a staircase that curled up and out of sight, and oil paintings in gilt frames -- originals, not prints -- covered the walls.  A long sideboard rested against the back wall, above which hung a massive mirror flanked by two incredible pieces of taxidermy: an elk and an antelope.  A glass container held forced bulbs of amaryllis, their red and white petals reflected in the shine of the mirror.  An ancient-looking chandelier hung from the beamed ceiling, and a stately grandfather clock kept time in the corner.  Hallways branched off to the left and right; peering down one, John could see something resembling a formal sitting room.
“But you didn’t leave the flat?”  Sherlock hadn’t, John was sure.  A line of worry appeared between John’s brows.
for a while.  Sometimes they talked for hours; other times, they just sat together in Regent’s Park, doing nothing in particular except existing side-by-side.
John sat in front of the fire, processing what had just happened, before retrieving his laptop.  He opened his blog, changed the settings to private and wrote:
John giggled.  He wasn’t sure if Sherlock really was very tipsy or if he was just so exhausted that he’d gone loopy.
John could count on one hand how many times Sherlock had ever said anything of a personal nature about sex.  His curiosity overcame his fatigue.  He opened his eyes again and stretched.
, my John kissed me and I could hear the locks to at least five rooms in my mind palace break and fall to the floor.
“You’ll have to water them rather a lot at first if we don’t get daily rain,” said Molly, taking off her gardening gloves and wiping sweat from her brow with the back of her arm.  “But they should do well here.  And they self-seed, so they’ll come back again and again...even when we’re gone.”
“Experimentation is fine, if done in the right way.  Let me be very clear on this, Sherlock.  If you start publishing data on what my diet does to the chemical composition of my semen, we’re done.”
“Then keep talking.  It’s best if you don’t think about it.  Stare at the ceiling.  Recite the periodic table or something.”
John takes charge of building a fire in the large inglenook hearth while Sherlock potters around, checking this and that, before retrieving the glasses and a rather nice claret.
“I’ve been your keeper for the better part of two years, Sherlock.  Nothing new.  Now,” he said, “I’m going to enjoy my dinner.  You’re going to attempt to behave like a normal human being.  And you’re paying.  Don’t forget your bag.  I’m
“It’s difficult being the most intelligent person in the room.  Add to that a general dislike of social interaction and unusual interests and you have a target for all types of bullying and torment.  Sherlock learned that if he simply refused to feel, they couldn’t hurt him.”
“Glitter,” said Sherlock, shutting his laptop.  “Exceptional forensic evidence.  I just purchased an eBay lot of 48 eyeshadows in ‘excellent used condition’.  Rather dodgy, selling used cosmetics, but they will suit my purposes well.  Do you know there’s a distinct difference between glitter and shimmer?”
“My father wasn’t stupid.  He wouldn’t have climbed up it if it wasn’t, and the police ruled out equipment failure.”
I love him the way I know to love, with my mind.  But there’s more there, and there always has been.  Eventually, even the hardest metals meet a boiling point (Tungsten, 5660 °C) and I have melted.
“What’s so unusual about this ‘Fountain of Youth’, then?  Sounds like a standard spa package, from what I can tell.”
They arrived just as the MC was announcing teams; John and Sherlock took their awaiting chairs.  Mike quickly introduced his wife, Margaret (call me Maggie), Jenny from the micro lab, and Sanjay, who worked in paediatric oncology.  John sat next to Jenny, whom he noticed right away was not wearing a wedding ring--good man, Mike.  Sherlock shook hands and exchanged pleasantries, for which John was thankful.
After one particularly raunchy bout of flatulence (at this point in time it was really rather unclear whose was whose, given the miasma now permeating the vehicle), Sherlock gave up on his phone.  He muttered something about being surrounded by children.
“He says it’s like nothing else he’s ever experienced, euphoric even, which is why he’s so keen for me to investigate.  He says there’s a waiting list.  Something’s not right.”
Watson stood to see better, morphine in his hand, when the round hit him in the shoulder.  Right next to the fucking vest.  A second to realize what had happened and then searing pain in his leg.  Next thing he knew he was lying next to Smith, who was decidedly NOT going to be all right.  Not with the team’s only medic lying flat on his back with two significant wounds.
“You got that out again, too?”  He’d never hidden it from his daughter, that version of his former wife on what was likely the happiest day of her life.
Sherlock was completely nonplussed.  He swung a chair around, sat in it, crossing his legs, and smirking at his brother a moment before addressing Mr. Leybourne.
He pulled out his phone several times, not knowing exactly what to do with it.  Eventually its battery ran out.
“Oh God.”  John breathed out as Sherlock lifted up a bit only to come back down and move his hips in a slow circle.  “Your arse, Sherlock.  Jesus.  Move back up a bit, yeah, like that.  Can I touch it?”
I once concluded that if humans had such things as souls, they would surely reside within the brain.  That is the site of all the action, anyway. The rest of the body slugs along, a meat puppet for the cerebral puppetmaster.  Matters of the heart?  Nonsense.  Yet is is the chest, the thoracic cavity, that home for the workhorse of the body, that aches when we experience grief, loss, depression.  The brain may be the ringleader but the heart is the stage: it houses the lion tamer (courage), the trapeze artists (trust), the clowns (mirth), the performing animals (loyalty), the bearded ladies (lust???).  John is no lady, but his beard, the thought of it scratching my thighs, my bum, the tickle of his whiskers against my perineum makes me...
“And now we come to my great-great uncle Ridgewell Holmes.  Caused quite a stir when he broke off his engagement to Eugenia Wellington.  As it turned out, Uncle Ridgewell was madly in love with Eugenia’s twin brother, Earnest.”
He hears the shower running before he even opens the door.  Sherlock’s likely been rummaging through someone’s rubbish again.  Sighing, he hangs up his jacket, makes tea, and waits.  A few minutes later the water turns off and Sherlock wanders out.  John blinks.  It’s the first time he’s seen his flatmate in a state of undress, and he’s shocked by what he sees: for as lanky as Sherlock is, his musculature is well-defined, from his arms down to his flat belly.  A slight smattering of hair dusts the centre of his chest; John can see it still curled, still damp from the shower.  Sherlock’s mop of hair has been towelled off, but his curls are in complete disarray, and a few droplets of water drip from the ends to land on his collarbones before rolling down that expanse of chest and abdomen before being absorbed by the towel that looks barely held together at his groin.  His hips frame his navel, under which a trail of dark, tightly curled hair disappears under white terry cloth.  John recognized Sherlock was good-looking immediately.  The detective was unusually beautiful, in nearly an alien way that made him all the more enigmatic.  But now, mother-naked with the exception of his towel, Sherlock revealed himself to be a fine specimen of man.  A small part of John is jealous.  The other part is appreciative.  He isn’t gay, of course, but how could any human not appreciate physical beauty in another when it is so blatantly on display?  That is what he tells himself, at least.
“Stubble burn.  I’m told it’s not all that comfortable.  Some girls like it, though,” he said absently.
John squirms a bit.  Surely one is not supposed to have conversations with one’s daughter about  intimate relationships.  He and Sherlock have danced around it for years.  It’s reached a lovely equilibrium at last; they are fast friends, they share silence and space and even hug.  They don’t tell each other they love each other because it is an acknowledged fact.  They have never kissed, although John would be lying to himself if he denied thinking about it.  He thinks about it more than he should.  Sherlock is family.
“Two.  And no more.”  John handed Sherlock two patches, which he promptly unpeeled and stuck to the inside of his forearm.  He closed his eyes and inhaled deeply and looked like he was in the throes of ecstasy.  Then he collapsed in John’s chair in front of the fireplace.
The week following the Case of the Skewered Scotsman, Sherlock occupied himself with an experiment while John explored a hypothesis of his own.  Unwilling to use his laptop (which Sherlock still frequently borrowed when he couldn’t be arsed to get his own), he began investigating his newfound interest in bottoming by watching gay porn on his phone (which Sherlock never borrowed as his own model was a later upgrade).  He’d seen it once or twice before while drunk and found that it wasn’t necessarily the specifics of the videos that helped get him off; rather it was just watching --and listening-- to people fucking, regardless of gender, that aroused him.  His imagination would usually take over from there.  He didn’t ever search specifically for certain acts, and he had his old standby hetero porn, a collection of 20 videos or so, that were familiar and reliable.  It was time for something new.
The waiter appeared with the bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon John had ordered.  John didn’t bother to taste it, but looked to Sherlock, who approved the vintage with a nod.  He hadn’t expected Sherlock to want a glass, but he accepted.  When the waiter reappeared, John ordered the steak he’d been craving and was surprised when Sherlock--who hadn’t glanced at the menu--asked for monkfish.
“You taught him,” John huffed.  “Fantastic.  How well, Mycroft?  Is he even capable of loving someone?”
, the head of his penis having fully passed that tight ring of muscle, and moments later, he was fully sheathed.  John had never had a panic attack from joy or lust before, but right now, he was close to hyperventilating.
Sherlock stood there, stupidly, for once in his life unable to come up with something witty or clever.  “Oh, go and sit down, Sherlock,” said John, preparing himself for damage control.
His shoulder ached and he felt more worthless than ever.  Back in his room, he took out his anger on the resistance band (evil blue bastard!), and when he still felt like shit afterward, decided to take advantage of the pool.
His phone pinged; Sherlock was in.  He breathed a sigh of relief and hoped Sherlock was able to find what he was looking for.  John moved closer to the cottage until he was right at the edge of the property.  He had always appreciated the postman’s impressive flower garden every time he cycled into town, especially the hazy, fairy-tale quality it had in the early morning mist.  But beyond that, he’d never noticed the hen house partially behind the stone house or the vegetable garden off to the side.  Clearly Owens spent considerable time working outside when he wasn’t delivering the post.
“I’m not used to...feeling...so much,” he acknowledged.  “I’ve never wanted anyone before, not like this.  It’s troubling.  I should be researching, but my thoughts just circled back to you and I found myself unable to concentrate.”
“I know you’re not most people, but touch can be very healing.  I’ve seen coma patients respond to the touch of a loved one.”
There’s a brief round of applause following Sherlock’s rendition of “Good King Wenceslas” before he begins on “Silent Night.”  Jeanette stands to refill her wine glass and indicates John should join her; he does.
“Telogen, John.  There are between 100,000 and 350,000 hair follicles on the human scalp alone.  A person loses between 50 to 100 hairs a day as certain follicles go into their resting cycle.  You know that already.  We live together and neither of us is particularly fond of hoovering, so collecting your body hair was insipidly easy.”
“Hi,” said John, not really knowing what else to say.  Sherlock jerked his head, indicating John should come in, then slammed the door rather spectacularly behind him.  “So, um.  I assume you’re staying?”
Sherlock flopped down in the bed again, pulling up the duvet and wrapping his arm around John’s waist.  “Because I look good in them.”
“I think you should accompany me to speak with Mrs. Sandhurst,” said Sherlock.  “I think she’d be more forthcoming with you present.”
As it turned out, they played Cluedo instead.  They sat in the library, the windows thrown open to let in the cool night air, drank Glenfiddich, and had a playful argument about whether or not the victim killed himself.  Sherlock declared the entire game illogical, and after two whiskies apiece, they had abandoned the original characters in favour of more interesting versions of their own devising.  Sherlock turned Miss Scarlett into a drag queen, and John established that Colonel Mustard was a war criminal.
“You like horses? I love them!” exclaimed Lestrade, much to Sherlock and John’s surprise. “My uncle used to own a riding school, and we’d spend the summer holidays exercising the ponies. No dressage though. Bit public school, that.”
“It wasn’t?”  The little line appeared between Sherlock’s brows.  John decided that one day, he would kiss it.  Hopefully sooner than later.
, but the offensive golden behemoth that is currently reclining in Sherlock’s chair piques his interest.  Sherlock himself is sitting at the table across from him, polishing the removable mouthpiece.
“Can you come this way?” John asked, running his hands over Sherlock’s back again.  He wanted to reach around and pinch his nipples, but Sherlock had now shifted forward, bracing his forearms on his legs.
“What on earth did you do to yourself?”  John leaned against the door frame and pictured all sorts of disasters: skin lesions, chemical burns, glass splinters - for all he knew,  Sherlock had got himself beaten up.  Rarely did Sherlock complain of pain; he could probably simply will it away like he did with hunger and fatigue.
“I believe I may have done once during a somewhat tense set of negotiations with the Taliban,” Mycroft replied, linking his hands behind his back.  “But I really must say that this is impressive.”
There are some words Sherlock Holmes simply should not say.  “G-string” was one of them.  John’s brain went completely offline and the the words
John lay there in bed, trying to fall asleep and failing spectacularly.  His mind was still awake, lingering on the different events of the past year that brought him to his current lot in life.  Now he was supposed to say goodbye to it, and it was proving harder than he’d anticipated.
“Pity.”  She didn’t sound sympathetic in the least.  “There is a stream to the side that wraps around the very back, and formal gardens to the west.  You’re allowed on the entire 60 acres, and there’s a motorbike if you want to ride.  The east wing is currently closed due to renovation.  The pool and sauna are on the ground floor to the south of the ball room. There’s internet access, but it’s patchy and only works well in the library.”  She pocketed her phone as the driver pulled up to the house.
Who knows what he told the young woman at reception, but he was apparently ushered behind the black velvet curtain that partially concealed the salon proper from the waiting area.  John could see black leather reclining chairs and lights reflected off of mirrors beyond.  The whole place had a modern vibe, catering to London’s twentisomething mediafolk; bamboo flooring, exposed ceiling beams, simple yet posh decor.  Several framed articles hung on the wall, proclaiming the salon’s accolades from women’s magazines.  A flat screen television the size of a small sofa showed slides of supposedly stylish cuts and colors.  Somewhere above him, satellite radio filtered through the sounds of blow dryers and women’s idle chatter.
Sherlock was burying himself under the duvet, working himself slowly down John’s body, that wicked mouth alternating between sharp little bites and tender tongued kisses.
He turned.  Sherlock had put the goggles on and pushed them up.  His hair stood out comically around them.  “Yeah?”
“I can tell by your expression that you’re thinking I’m here to chastise you for either your renovation of the garden or your relationship with my brother.  Quite the opposite, actually.  I wanted to give you my thanks and offer you congratulations.”
Thanks to the usual suspects for betaing and cheerleading.  Love you guys!  And thanks to all the readers who have left such nice comments.  I can't believe it half the time.  Thanks so much.
John had managed to suppress most rational thoughts for a good deal of time.  It wasn’t initially difficult -- it’s hard to think of much at all when the object of your sexual fantasies has his tongue in your mouth -- but during one breathing break John’s brain switched back online to this particular thought:  I am kissing Sherlock Holmes, and the world is still going around.  It was only then that he opened his eyes and found he had to refocus them.
Sometimes I lie on the sofa, thinking, with my hands on my chest, fingers steepled under my nose.  I sometimes only pretend to wash my hands, after.  Then later, I lie on the sofa that way, thinking, after we’ve had sex, after I’ve had my hands on his cock, in his mouth, up his arse.  They have a particular smell afterward.  I think about the compounds that create that heady aroma.  It’s a ripe smell, a very human smell, of sex, semen, sweat, and shit.  Us.  Together.
five doors -- and one of them was hidden.  There, in the middle of the hallway, where the third door should be, hung a giant tapestry.  Cautiously, John approached it and ran his fingers over the cloth.  In the light of his torch he could see some bits of a medieval scene -- a woman with a cowl, a man with an ox.  He found the edge and as quietly as he could, extended his arm underneath it.  Ah ha!  His fingers met a wooden door frame.  Heart pumping faster, John insinuated himself behind the tapestry, felt for the handle, and slowly pushed the door inward.
Sherlock scrunched his eyebrows and scowled.  “I give you an opportunity to ask me anything and you choose to ask about my taste in dessert?”
It was the hair that did it.  John’s scalp has a particular smell, one that I equate with home, of comfort and physical well-being.  Of tea and rain and testosterone.  It’s a very human smell, and it makes me salivate.  The longer his hair gets, the stronger the smell is, and while he looks smart with a close haircut, I can’t say that I’m not a bit disappointed when he returns from the barber.  (I took his hat once.  I gave it back.  Eventually.)  As embarrassing as I find it, I have fantasies about John’s hair.  And I know he likes mine.  I do have nice hair.  He’s even said so.
John rented a tiny bedsit in Croydon that hadn’t been updated since the early seventies.  It was spartan and cramped, and the alley behind it was usually noisy until 3am most nights.  Sometimes the fire escape rattled, sending him into a panic.  On days that he actually got out of bed, he roamed around town, walking aimlessly, trying to get his leg to cooperate.  His hair grew long, the bags under his eyes became more pronounced, and he didn’t regain the weight he’d lost while in hospital.   He didn’t phone any of his pre-military friends, and didn’t attempt to make new ones.
“Give me a second here,” John replied, mirth seeping into his voice.  Sherlock was always impatient when overstimulated, and he only swore when seriously hurt or now, as John was finding out, aroused to the point of desperation.  John usually ambivalent to power play in the bedroom, but just seeing Sherlock on hands-and-knees, arse in the air and all but demanding to be fucked - well, perhaps John could consider obliging a whim or two sometime in the future.
Sex was closely linked with emotion for Sherlock, John realised.  Selling Holmes Hall had been extremely difficult for Sherlock whether he would admit it or not; no wonder he was so keen for physical contact.
“He’s had friends,” Mycroft continued.   “As well as several... dalliances... during his university years. But I can count on one hand the people he’s ever loved.  Our mother and father, me, although you’d have to torture him to admit it, and that dog.  The fifth, John, is you.  So when I offer you my congratulations, I mean it most sincerely.”
“The paperwork was, let’s say, expedited.  It is occasionally beneficial to have a family member in government.  That, and Sally Donovan.”
The doorknob turned, the door opened, and John was met with a nearly-naked Sherlock.  John couldn’t help it.  The laugh bubbled up from somewhere deep inside him and he choked on it when he saw Sherlock’s eyes - the man was truly distraught.  This was so not how he pictured seeing Sherlock’s body for the first time.
“Three,” said John loudly, standing over Sherlock’s prone form.  He was lying on Mycroft’s leather sofa, feet propped up on the arm.
All of Sherlock’s senses were phenomenally honed, but his sight was by far his keenest, most reliable way of accessing information.  And he didn’t want to use it?  John suddenly understood.  He’d seen Sherlock afraid before, his eyes wide, his brow sweaty, his lip curled in shock and revulsion.  In this moment in which he’d taken the words of an advice columnist quite literally, he was terrified of its outcome.
Our first sexual encounters were fumbling and awkward and so full of emotion I nearly wept on several occasions.  Did on one, actually.  It was embarrassing and raw and horribly confusing.
“How many opportunities are you going to have to enjoy this place without having to share it with less entertaining and substantially poorer-looking company?”
John tried to keep his diaphragm from spasming in mirth.   “Good Lord, Sherlock, are you waxing yourself?”
“Excellent,” said Mycroft, slipping the paper into his briefcase.  “I’ll be heading back to London this evening.  Please keep your mobile on overnight in case my assistant or I need to get hold of you.  Is there anything else you require?”
Sherlock frowned, and picked a flower of his own, turning it this way and that.  “That’s a completely ridiculous way of determining whether or not someone has romantic feelings toward you,” he said at length.  “First of all, it’s faulty.  The result is solely dependant on whether there is an even or odd number of petals; in other words, simple mathematics.  Furthermore, the number of petals a flower has is not necessarily determined by species or genetics.  This daisy may have 24, and that one 25.  You could also change your results simply by beginning with ‘he loves me not’ instead of ‘he loves me.’”
He held his brother’s eyes for what John thought was a small eternity, before the younger Holmes sighed and made a face.  Mycroft must have interpreted the expression favourably, for he smiled and nodded as if to say “you’re welcome” before sauntering his way off the veranda, umbrella tapping on the flagstones, presumably to find Leybourne.
A cursory search through Lillian’s desk showed nothing out of the ordinary, and John knew he couldn’t hack into her computer, so he didn’t even attempt it.  Instead he tried to find the container he’d seen earlier.  In the poor lighting, he’d barely seen it, but when he opened Lillian’s small personal refrigerator, there was no mistaking what the vessel had been: a small coolbox.
“But there was more than that.  Jealousy.  Hurt.  You looked like you were ready to step into battle.  For me.  I saw it there in your face and I was distracted.”
John felt a little electric zing travel up his spine and down his legs, and his cock twitched in approval.  “Well,” he said, feeling a little lightheaded, “By all means, be my guest.”
Well, that was surely interesting.  It might not be so bad, after all.  John suddenly had a mental image of Sherlock’s hands tied above his head with one of John’s best work ties, and he added it to his rapidly growing fantasies-that-must-happen.
“I don’t believe I was specific with the exact method of penetration,” Sherlock said, a blush beginning to spread up his neck and over his cheeks.  “You must be skilled at digitally finding a prostate.”
Sherlock was indeed up and occupied, complicated chemistry apparatus bubbling away on the kitchen table.  He hadn’t washed or dressed, opting instead for his dressing gown over his pyjamas, hair sticking out from under safety goggles as he wielded a pipette.  John smiled fondly at him and set the box down, which interrupted the detective’s thoughts momentarily.
How John managed one-handedly to carry the tray up to Sherlock’s room without spilling anything was a minor miracle.
“All the things you were, you daft git.  Still am, a bit.  Like it’s too easy.  Like there’s still something I don’t know, something absolutely ruinous, and this whole thing will explode on me and...Jesus.”  He pushed at Sherlock a bit then, laughing.  “It’s too early for deep shit.”
“No.  My guess is that he wore DMs for years.  When he wore out one pair, he’d replace them with another.  If these are indeed the shoes worn by the person who killed my father, they would have been nearly three years old, so the soles were likely at the end of their lifespan anyway.  The risk of keeping the boots compounded with his fear of getting caught; hence, he threw them in the pond.”
“It’s hot,” announced the detective in an uncharacteristic display of obviousness.  The heat had made his hair frizz more than normal, and he looked uncomfortably warm even in his short-sleeve shirt and linen trousers.
John returned to the room, grabbed his computer, and brought it down to the library where he could think easier.  Staring at that gigantic bed would
He’s not sure.  He stopped mourning Mary years ago.  It’s hard to mourn when you’re exhausted and angry about being exhausted.  Does he consider himself still married to her?  What does it mean to be widowed?  Legally, he’s single.  He doesn’t much like the thought of being married to a ghost.
Mrs. Hudson shook her head, oblivious to John’s sombre mood.  “Sherlock isn’t really what you’d call a people person,” she said.  “It’s not that he hates everyone.  He may say he does, but that’s simply untrue.  He just has...very specific tastes.”
On an impulse, John rose from bed and dressed in jeans and a T-shirt.  He decided it was time to do a more thorough investigation of the house, namely the east wing that he was beginning to doubt was really closed for renovations at all: he hadn’t seen a single builder since he’d arrived.
“And this is the hydrotherapy bath..”  She led them past a circular pool where two older women and a man well into his seventies were chatting and laughing as the strong jets worked their shoulders and backs.  John wondered whether or not it was safe for people that old to be in such hot water.  Lillian beat him to it.  “Ten minutes for those over sixty,” she said quietly.  “And no longer than half an hour for everyone else.”  John nodded.  That sounded about right.
His legs are shaking.  “We were...being broadcast...oh God...live on BBC News...everyone could see…”
After gardening, John showered to cool off, washing the dirt and sweat from his body.  He hadn’t seen Sherlock since the incident with the drug-dealing barman (John had yet to think of a catchy title for his blog entry) and wasn’t really sure what to do about his recent revelation.  It was confusing.
housekeeper”) before making his way back to his room.  He took his time getting there, this time paying attention to the artwork and knickknacks adorning the walls.  The place was like a museum; it would take him days to see it all.
“We’re a completely motley crew, Har.  I mean, the landlady’s a bit of a nutter who’s got a secret stash of pot growing in the greenhouse, the gardener is a burnt-out copper, the manager is a right bitch, the girl who does the horses has better conversations with animals than with people, the owner carries an umbrella and walks around like he has a stick up the arse, and now the security guard-- that’s me, by the way-- can’t even shoot a pheasant if his life depended on it.”
to the center of his chest.  Sometimes they just had quick and dirty sex - the kind that was impromptu and perhaps done mostly clothed and sometimes even during cases, if Sherlock could turn his brain off for a bit and divert the blood flow from one head to, well, another.  Those were fun, improvised romps that usually left John feeling pleased with himself and Sherlock wired with newfound energy.  But when they were like this, together, at night, in the relative safety of their own bedroom, with no pressing cases, Sherlock found himself willingly giving into feelings he once considered foolish, pointless, and stupid.  Now, as he watched John’s face, Sherlock’s heart unfolded, uncoiled, and stretched itself against his consciousness, singing as it blossomed.
“You’ve never…?  Never mind.  It’s something we used to do as children. It’s a game.  You pull the petals off, and whatever you say last determines whether or not the object of your affection returns your feelings.”
psychosomatic) he noticed his whole body had relaxed but not in a sleepy way.  He felt revived.  A bit blissed out, but revived nonetheless.
John kept at it, gently, holding Sherlock’s legs open with his hands.  Under his tongue, he could feel the tight muscles begin to relax, and he added a bit more pressure, occasionally tucking the tip of his tongue just inside the opening.  It wasn’t long before Sherlock was bucking his hips and thrashing about and then unwraping his legs and pushing John away a bit.  John sat back on his heels and wiped his mouth.  His face was covered with oil and spit and he probably looked a right mess.  Apparently, this didn’t bother Sherlock in the slightest, who sat up, cupped John’s face between those large hands, gazed at it adoringly for a long moment, before kissing him again.  With tongue.
Sherlock looked at John, really looked at him, and for the first time John could see something more there, something beyond the genius, behind the precise logic: Sherlock had loved his father.  Maybe not in the same way that most young boys do (John surely had enough residual anger and resentment toward his own), but he had loved him.  And more than that, he was convinced, without a doubt, that his father had been murdered.  John was fully inclined to believe him.
“I’ve got to go,” he said abruptly, and disconnected the Detective Inspector in typical Sherlock fashion.
“Sherlock, where did you...”  For one scary moment John wondered if Sherlock had surreptitiously gathered his hair while he was sleeping.
It wasn’t long before their bodies simply couldn’t wait - a slow rhythm of rocking hips at first became a gentle but steady thrusting.  John felt sweat form on his brow.
“Sally,” said John softly, “If your father killed Sherlock’s father, wouldn’t you want to know?  Wouldn’t he deserve justice?”
“I was a bored child with a father who loved to garden.  They weren’t all that keen on animal dissection, but plants and flowers were bountiful and innocuous.  Most of them, at least.  There was that one time with the mushrooms…”
John hesitated.  He really didn’t feel like explaining things to Mrs. Hudson, and he hadn’t thought of a good enough story.  He was a horrible liar.  “I’d really not bother Mrs. Hudson,” he said cautiously.
John continued to twirl the flower before pulling off one creamy white petal, then another.  “She loves me, she loves me not,” he murmured to himself.
, somehow.  Using his fingers seemed to be too medical to start, and he still had Sherlock’s taste on his tongue.  Sherlock had told him earlier that he was brave.  Might as well prove it.  “Here,” he said, sliding off the bed and trying to pull Sherlock’s lower half with him.  “Put yourself - here.  Yes.”
“I love you,” said Sherlock softly.  John could feel the sandpaper of his chin brush against the skin of his back as he spoke.  “I love you so much.  Sometimes I simply cannot believe that you return the sentiment.  That you want me to touch you, that you want to touch me.  That you honestly want to live with me.”
Sherlock shrugged, then sighed, and turned so he was facing the garden.  “This is yours now.  All these are yours.  To do with as you wish.”
“Good morning!” she said, dark eyes twinkling as she shook their hands and joined them.  “I trust you two are enjoying yourselves?”
Sherlock turned the key and the sound seemed to resonate within John, announcing the end of one phase in his life and the beginning of the next.  And while he didn’t generally like confinement, the locking of the door also seemed like a promise, the promise of having Sherlock to himself, without interruption from the outside world.  It was a gift of sorts.  He was thinking for a minute until one of those decorative pillows hit him in the chest.  Sherlock was flinging them about the room with gusto.
They sit in silence for a while, the fire crackling and popping between them.  They’d chatted all through dinner; now, they sit companionably, enjoying the complex flavours of the vintage wine.  John realises Sherlock is the only person he’s really been able to do this with: just sit, in silence, without any need to say anything.  Just enjoy each other’s company.  There are no expectations.
Sherlock smiled fondly.  “Your mimicry skills are improving,” he said.  “One day we may even be able to improve your acting”
Willow Cross is loosely modeled after Hoar Cross Hall Spa Resort, which, obviously, I have never visited.  I've taken great liberties with it, but if you'd like to see what's in my mind as I write, look here:  http://www.hoarcross.co.uk/
Sherlock gave John a look.  “He feels it is his duty to protect me from myself.  I suppose, however, he’s relented a bit.”
Mary purchased for him and went back to his cheap aftershave and deodorant combination, which suits him much better.  In fact, I prefer him that way, sans expensive fragrance, except when it is
They stood there on the precipice, catching their breath and looking down on the grisly scene.  The suspect-cum-victim was one Robbie Kerr who had been harvesting unwitting bird-watchers and hikers with homemade traps for several months in the Galloway Forest Park.  Kerr lay face down, the pike having gone straight through his side, tearing a hole in his jacket.
“So, how are you feeling?”  Sherlock thinks John looks wonderful, so very handsome now that the offensive moustache has been shaved away.
He dug into his jeans pocket where Jenny had written her phone number on a serviette.  He held it in his hand for a moment, then opened his fingers and let the rushing wind take it.  He wouldn’t be needing it after all.
“Crime forensics, mainly.  Most forensics experts are idiots.  So far I’ve specialised in dirt, which is like a fingerprint in and of itself, aquatic microbiology, pollen, explosives, poisons, ballistics, animal hair and dander, and perfume.  I have a blog, if you’re interested.”
About half a mile from Owens’ place, John slipped off his bike, took a knife from his pocket, and gouged his front tire.  Sherlock ditched his own bike behind the ivy-covered stone wall that ran alongside the narrow road.
struck a loud and resonant chord with his limbic system.  He mentally filed it away with other ‘phrases that shouldn’t but actually do sound extremely sexy when said by Sherlock Holmes.’  He was half tempted to haul Sherlock out of the water and go at it right there on a lounger.  That was, of course, the moment he realised they hadn’t brought any towels with them, and their clothes that they’d left in a heap by the pool’s edge looked as if they had received a thorough soaking from their earlier water fight.
When I can breathe properly I replace my cock (still rather turgid) with my fingers and finish him off with my mouth; I swallow him down and leave him panting.
John wondered what the hall would be like in the autumn, when the air was brisk and harvest ripe, or in the winter, when the wind whipped across the moors and fires roared in the fireplaces.  He would like that, he thought.  He and Sherlock, in front of a blazing fire, snuggling up for warmth with a nice brandy, maybe.  Then taking everything off, watching the flicker of firelight on Sherlock’s pale skin.
The first time he hears it he thinks the world is ending. That’s at least the message his brain relays to his muscles, and he nearly falls out of bed.  It’s 4am, and from downstairs there is a deep yet strident blast of a horn.  John sits up, rubs his eyes, and tries to calm his racing heart.
“Right then,” said the barman, shaking out his knuckles.  He turned and saw John.  “Oh, look,” he laughed.  “You.”
“Stamford liked you. I didn’t know you could be charming,” said John as they were seated at a small, quaint trattoria, the owner of which Sherlock had apparently “helped out” in the past.  It seemed that he’d done a fair bit of “helping out”.  John wondered if it was his way of restoring order to the universe for every lab he’d ruined or person he verbally eviscerated. He’d deduced several passers-by on their walk from the hospital to the restaurant, and while John was suitably impressed, he was also struck by the flippancy in which he ticked off their faults, vices, and secrets.  “I’m not being cruel,” Sherlock tried to explain when John called him on it.  “Just stating what I see.”  His cold, calculating deductions seemed incongruous with the semblance of congeniality he’d put on earlier at the lab.  John found himself wondering if maybe there wasn’t something accurate in that antisocial personality disorder diagnosis after all.
“When I was seven our family went to the Dorset coast for a summer holiday.  It was pleasant.  I enjoy swimming.”
, please let me know.  Here’s my card.”  She scribbled her mobile number down on the back before handing it to John.  “You know, I re-read your blog this afternoon.  Seems to be that Sherlock Holmes doesn’t leave the flat for anything other than a good puzzle.”
“Well, if he were here  now, I’d ask him who ruined the bed in the honeymoon suite.  Whoever they were probably broke the bed springs too, for all I know.  He’d know right away.  Probably enjoy embarrassing someone, too.”
Sherlock wasn’t lying.  No wonder he agreed so readily.  “No,” said John, trying to sound serious.  “No, no, no, absolutely not.”
He grabbed his clothes from where he’d left them in the changing cubicle, slung his towel over his good shoulder, turned around...and ran directly into Sherlock.  Where on earth had he come from?
“Greg Lestrade.  Mrs. Hudson told me you were on a bit of a walk.  But the place has been pretty quiet as of late so it’s a bit strange to see someone new.  Good to meet you.”
John was happy.  So simple, really.  They’d returned to London, without fanfare, just the two of them and familiar routes and the comfortable feeling of returning home.  And if their hands brushed
“Friends?”  She snorted.  “He doesn’t have friends.  He uses people to get what he wants.  He’s a master liar and manipulator.  I’d stay away from him if I were you.”
“Yes, love.”  He was.  He was watching a fine sheen of sweat form on Sherlock’s back, watching the muscles of his arms stand out as he gripped the chair, watching the hair on the back of his neck begin to dampen and curl.  He was most definitely watching the place where their bodies were joined, quick glimpses of his own cock as it was once and once again lost into Sherlock’s tight heat.  “I’m watching.  Jesus.  I wish you could see this.”
John looked up to see Sherlock run a hand through his hair - a gesture of exasperation.  “You’re always embarrassed when we share a room.”
Something about “tight arsehole” made Sherlock squirm and, if one was looking very, very closely, there might have been a blush briefly creeping up his neck.  But (thankfully) no one was paying attention to him.
John was fairly sure the door wouldn’t be behind an ancient rosebush, but the rest of the wall was hidden by ivy and decorative shrubbery.  “Do you ever prune the ivy?” he asked, hoping to get something out of Lestrade.
He dug in his backpack and retrieved his kit, found an antiseptic wipe, and did his best to clean a small area of her thigh.  The damn colour was
Sherlock smoothed his expression, the line disappearing from between his brows.  “Yes.  But not now.”
Sherlock laughed then and flopped back onto his back, looking rather smug.  John could see the outline of his erection under the sheet.
“We think,” said John, speaking for the first time, “that maybe there was someone who wanted Mr. Holmes out of the way, or maybe was frightened of what he might know.  Is there anyone you can think of who disliked him or had reason to wish him harm?”
However, that didn’t mean it was underused.  The spa colleagues  -- largely female -- congregated there during breaks, and had to pass through the space to reach the utility room which housed washing machines, dryers, and the massive linen closet where spare bedding lived.  And everyone had to help with the laundry: it was an enormous job.  Leybourne had insisted that a commercial housekeeping service would be too costly, so he’d invested in three industrial-sized washers and dryers that were in constant use from morning till night.  At the end of every shift, at least eight pairs of hands attacked mountains of clean tablecloths, napkins, sheets from the spa, pillowcases, sheets, and duvet covers.
It was hot cycling into town, and the usually dark and cool pub was just as warm as the air outside.  It seemed as if the denizens of Burnett Thwaite all had the same idea: Mr. Chapman and Mr. Campbell sat playing chess at a table, both of them drinking Guinness.  Mr. Collins, the butcher, had met his wife Sue for dinner, and a dozen other locals had come together to complain about the heat and cool off with a drink.  Jackie Metcalf, the landlord, stood behind the bar, washing glasses.  John and Lestrade took a seat at the far end of the bar, ordered some crisps and two pints of Stella.  They analysed Leeds United's disastrous season while they drank and cooled down before Lestrade wiped his forehead with a serviette and said, “Mycroft told me.  About the garden.”
John woke up to Sherlock gently shaking his shoulder.  He blinked, took a deep breath, and attempted to dislodge a kink in his neck.
.  The article was entitled “Ask Dr. Rami -- a Q and A with London’s leading counsellor for gay men.”  Sherlock had closed his eyes and steepled his hands under his nose.
John abandoned the wall of beauty products, sat down in a ridiculously comfortable black leather chair, plucked a brochure from a rack on the table, and began reading, half-listening to the girls’ conversation as they checked in with the receptionist.  A hen night, yes.  Manicures, pedicures, and facials and massages.  Second floor spa.  Champagne and chocolate.  The brunette shot John another look; he smiled and nodded back, and then they, too, were swallowed up behind the curtain.
He tried again later that evening, and this time managed to dismantle the weapon, clean it again, and reassemble it without a single tremor.
“Well, let’s take a look,” said Mr. Chapman when he’d finished chuckling, unfolding the paper and laying it out on the table so both he and Mr. Campbell could look at it.
John dived again and again, searching, until he actually did find it, laden with stones.  He brought it up.
John must have been looking either shellshocked or deep in thought, for Sherlock approached him.  “I’m fine, John.  Let’s go.  I’m in a hurry.”
John heard the trickle of water before he saw anything - the place was as dark as a tomb.  He shone his torch from wall to wall, seeing a bit of greenery there, a cupboard there, but couldn’t make out much from the small beam of light.  He stepped into the room, shut the door quietly behind him, and fumbled for a light switch, flicking it on.
They rode the next few blocks in silence, John trying very hard not to think about whether or not body hair - a very male secondary sex characteristic - would have any impact about his attraction to Sherlock.  He’d imagined his flatmate naked, sure, but the imagination has a way of making everything hazy and perfect-looking, like film does.  No one was perfect under his clothes; John knew that for a fact.  What would happen if they did cross that line, if one day those near-kisses, those infrequent but warm, friendly touches, an arm around a shoulder, the thumb spending more than a fleeting moment across the nape of the neck, and they tumbled out of their clothing and into each other’s arms?  Would John’s hitherto heterosexual body balk, his mind rebel, his libido take off screaming down the hallway at the sight of all that hair?
By the time he made it back in, Sherlock had opened the parcel -- a thick envelope -- and was leafing through its contents.
Changed and clean, Sherlock unlocks the case and lifts the gleaming instrument.  He holds it to his chest and feels a profound sense of relief.  He’s home.
John scrolled through the advertisements for flats in London.  There was nothing he could afford on his own, and he sure as hell was NOT going to stay with Harry long-term.  He’d only been with her for a week and he had nearly had enough.  She was sober, at least, but a sober Harriet’s reservoir of sympathy was only so deep.   She constantly reminded him to do his exercises, nagged him about eating, and talked about making a “household chore” list as if they were sharing a student flat.
“Mmm.  Agreed.  Although it’s not recommended to use oil-based lubricants with condoms or silicone-based sex aids...oh.  Oh, that’s...nice.”
“Sherlock,” he said, giving up on his unpacking and coming out to the sitting room.  “You’re hogging the chest of drawers.”
He could hear  Sherlock no doubt saying something brilliant, slipping on someone else’s persona as easily as his coat.  It was unnerving - the man could have made a career of acting.  The problem was, whenever Sherlock actually got when he was after, he discarded the act immediately, and that was when the problems usually began.
Barbara’s eyes had gone wide.  She couldn’t speak.  Without waiting for an answer, John jammed the pen into her thigh.
Sherlock stopped the bike on a lawn that had been turned into an overflow carpark and took off his helmet.  John did the same, but Sherlock was making no move to actually get off the bike.
“Your lips, Sherlock.  Jesus.  I had no idea you could…” he trails off, and Sherlock smiles, happy and smug.
“Not that I can tell.  If she’s doing something untoward, she’s covered all her bases.  She was not the least bit nervous that we would discover anything out of the norm.”
Without his new friend around to occupy him, John spent his free time tinkering with his blog, which had suddenly gained a small following.  He wrote up ‘A Colourful Case’ and created a link to Sherlock’s website, hoping to generate a few clients for him.
Thanks to Bettyswallocks for the British betaing.  I find the subtle differences in phrasings and idioms a continual source of amazement.  Fascinating.  Canolacrush wields a whip while betaing, striking out my convoluted passages and sometimes awkward phrasing.  And Scullyseviltwin let me know that this chapter was not too fluffy or sappy (soppy, says Betty).
“And,” he remembered, “no fucking incest shit.  Had this girl once that called me daddy.  I’ve seen too much...just no.”
Between the business with the Woman and the nightmare in Dartmoor, John and Sherlock take on a case that keep them on their feet for days.  John manages to kip here and there, dozing off on the black leather chair in Lestrade’s office or simply falling into the dreamless sleep of the exhausted right there in the St Pancras Library, his head face-down in the files.  Sherlock, though.  If Sherlock sleeps, John doesn’t catch him at it.  He keeps whirling along, hands flapping, mouth running a mile-a-minute, relentlessly pacing, do keep up, John!  Sherlock struggles; the answers evade him.  He gets angry with himself, launches into tirades, sits for hours, arms covered with patches.  As always, he solves it.
you, John.  I chose you as my friend.  I chose you as my flatmate.  I’ve chosen you as my lover.  Decisions that were not come by lightly, might I add.  To be honest, John, I’m not even sure loving you is a choice anymore.  I’ve given you my heart.  I can tell you I’ve been assured by many people that I don’t even have one.  It was mine, and mine only, and I have never once wanted to share.  Until you.  You’re more than adequate; I never settle for anything.  You are exceptional.  He stopped talking and swallowed hard.
She expressed her sadness when Sherlock told her that Holmes Hall was going to be put up for sale and recalled enjoying her employment with the Holmeses.
John shut the door and nearly tripped over a stack of small packing crates.  “Jesus,” he swore, looking around.  With the exception of the packing crates, Sherlock’s room was as bare as he’d ever seen it; even the paintings on the wall had been removed, every book absent from its space on the bookshelves.  All of Sherlock’s belongings had been packed up; stacks of cardboard boxes four or five tall turned the room into an obstacle course.  A veritable blockade stood between him and the bed.
“Nope.  None whatsoever.  Hey - do you know why Molly calls him ‘Mr. Considerate Lover?’  Thought that was a bit out of order.  I mean, the poor girl’s a bit socially awkward, but that’s a bizarre nickname to give to a corpse.”
“Mycroft, please.”  He smiled, a smarmy thing that John instantly disliked.  Mycroft Holmes looked like a man who was used to getting what he wanted without anyone making much of a fuss.
“Any significance?”  asked John, taking a bite of falafel wrap. “Victorian flower language and all that?”
.”  He thought about the fine dusting of it over Sherlock’s thighs, the dark nest between his legs, how he had run his fingers over it, through it.
“Oh!  That.  I was trying a new technique.  It’s meant to replicate the techniques indigenous Australians use to play the didgeridoo.  It’s very difficult.  It takes a lot of lung power.  But it’s oddly calming.”
“Luck has nothing to do with it.”  He flung his legs over the side of the bed and handed the mobile back to John.  “How’s your brother faring?”
.  Just a bit, not even the entire head.  Fantasy Sherlock was beginning to get impatient.  “People do this all the time,” he rumbled.  “This is what I want, what I need...just relax and let me…put...it...in...you...”
Five minutes ago, however, Sherlock entered Willow Cross’ honeymoon suite with a distinct frown.  His eyes, darting around the room, taking in every detail as he did every time he entered a new space, took on a vaguely horrified look, and he turned promptly and locked himself in the bathroom. (John didn’t even bother how he knew which door led to where - there were several.)
“No, wait.  I…”  John blushed, a pinkish tinge blooming across his cheeks which were by now sporting a good day’s worth of stubble.  “You.”  He sat up, taking the muff from Sherlock and kissing him softly on the mouth.  “On you.”
John decided then and there, his tongue poking at the slit, that he really enjoyed performing oral sex on a man as much as he did to a woman.  Well, to Sherlock, at least.  He was going to need to practise a bit, find a way to relax his jaw, and then his throat, but there was plenty of time for that.
Meanwhile, Sherlock was putting his brain through a regular workout, attempting to identify Thames river crossings between Kew and Tower Bridge by reference to the chemical composition of sludge and silt at each site.
Lestrade picked up his jacket from where he’d hung it over the back of his chair and shrugged it on.  “You staying?”
John taught me to listen to my heart, to pay more careful attention to the needs of my body.  I am a slow learner, but he is (usually) patient, and when he is not, it is usually because I have little experience with relationships (true) or have behaved selfishly (more often true).  I must emphasise that John has not
Eventually, hot and sweaty under the covers, John had moved away from Sherlock’s side, only to be found again by long arms and legs, and for a good hour or so they rolled around, both half asleep, trying to figure out the logistics of the thing.
But as John looks at Sherlock now, sitting relaxed across from him, he realises that while those adrenaline-filled days were filled with the vigour of a budding friendship, they were often tumultuous and sometimes ugly.  He still feels Sherlock’s two-year masquerade as a dead man as one of the great tragedies of his life.  It wasn’t until after Mary’s death and the nightmare of Sherlock’s sister that they’d found themselves back on solid footing.  This, whatever they have now, he supposes, is what they had always been heading toward.
Sherlock’s nervous system lit up like a Christmas tree and his penis, which had been lying there flaccid, twitched in interest.  So much for science.
“I don’t usually like to be touched,” said Sherlock one day after John had casually touched his shoulder.  Sherlock was sitting at his computer, back ramrod straight, reading an online chemistry journal.  John had put his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder to reach past him and grab his phone, which Sherlock had purloined – again.
“I know.  It’s just that...sometimes I just look at her and see Mary.  And I can’t tell if that’s a good thing or not.”
“I believe I should ask your blessing,” says Sherlock, sitting primly on the sofa next to John.  He’s doing a decent job of hiding his nervousness, but John knows better: Sherlock loves Rosie, he wants her to approve.
“Oh no.  But I should say Mycroft is right.  You will enjoy yourself, that is if we don’t make a mess of it.”
He removed the muff from John’s hand (it was getting sticky now, anyway), discarded it somewhere on the bed and promptly forgot about it.
John smiled to himself.  But it was fleeting.  Sherlock sometimes just seemed like too much of a...a machine...to be able to give him what he really needed in a relationship.  Because John had needs, legitimate needs, besides the ability to get on with one another, to have interesting conversation, to simply enjoy one another’s company.  He needed sex, but more than that, he
“Oh my God!  He must have gone off at least six times!  And this is just one sheet - they went through three sets!  One man couldn’t possibly do that in a weekend.”
“Cocaine helps me think.  Clarifies patterns, speeds up the process.  Everything coalesces, crystallises, tessellates.  And when I want to stop thinking, heroin.  Ice on an inferno.”
“Too bad it’s all locked up.  Probably a bit of a liability, though.  Probably really unstable.  Sherlock?  Wait, what are you doing?”
John didn’t get better.  He was shot in late August.  By early October he was expected to walk without a limp and to have regained most of the range of motion in his arm, but the three weeks he spent at Headley Court in rehabilitation were fruitless.  His shoulder refused to cooperate and the tremor in his left hand that flared up when he was angry or stressed, which was most of the time.  He hated everyone in the ward without a legitimate reason.  He did his physiotherapy with a clenched jaw. He had even earned himself a special note in his defence patient tracking chart that designated him as “difficult” and “angry” and “having trouble adjusting” to his injury. The blue rubber resistance band he had to use during physio endured a great deal of verbal punishment for simply existing.  His sister, Harriet, visited exactly once after he ignored her attempts of offering comfort.  Despite the Royal Centre for Defence Medicine’s attempts at maintaining a “military atmosphere,” John had flatly refused to make friends.  He didn’t even know where the rage came from.  At night, he sweated through his bedclothes and woke his neighbours with his nightmares.  He was diagnosed with PTSD and depression.  Eventually he stopped swearing in favour of silent self-loathing.
“I don’t know.”  Sherlock grew contemplative and went to stand in front of the windows.  John let Sherlock take a moment for himself before he joined him.
This is for Wearitcounts (Sherlockedup), who also has a fart story, and who promised me that I posted mine, she'd post hers.  Hold her to it, folks.
“FOR FUCK’S SAKE!” he yelled to his empty room before kicking a chair for good measure.  It skidded across the floor and toppled over.  Feeling profoundly defeated, he dropped into the remaining upright chair and put his head in his hands.  That didn’t go at all according to plan.
“No.  She’s proud.  I would be highly surprised if she were performing medically unsound acupuncture.”
Mr. Chapman’s wrinkled hand reached up to touch his throat.  “No.  July’s my month off.  Too hot.  But these are snazzy, aren’t they?”
Starting at one corner and working his way around seemed like the best idea, so he chose a sunny spot close to garden door, spread out the tarp, tried to find a position that wouldn’t trouble his leg, and started weeding, every once and while consulting the pocket guide to gardening he’d brought with him to make sure he wasn’t digging up anything important.  Simple grass seemed to be the most obnoxious and pervasive interloper, and he had to hack at it with a weeding fork until the clumps loosened and he could pull them out by the roots, a task that was nearly impossible in Lestrade’s borrowed gloves.  They were too big, so eventually John pulled them off and found his bare fingers much more adept at the task.  Three hours of solid labour later, his shoulder aching, the spot he was working on still looked fairly unkempt, but the different plants were finally discernible and a mound of pulled-up weeds lay wilting sadly on the tarpaulin.  He was momentarily bothered as to what he was going to do with them.  Lestrade would surely notice if his compost heap was suddenly filling up, so John decided the far corner would have to do for a makeshift compost pile for now, and he dragged the tarp across the gravel path to dump it.
John masturbates nearly every other day, which he knows is normal enough (more if he’s had a crap week at the surgery) and definitely a healthier way of relieving stress than drinking. Tonight, though.  Tonight was a disaster.  He might need a wank
“Put your clothes back on,” he said after indulging in another brief but enticing lip lock.   “We’ve got to get back down there.  You sure you’re OK?”
“Well, if anyone can manage this place properly, it’s you, love,” said Joyce.  “You’ve got a good head on your shoulders.  About time that silly bugger Leybourne took notice.”
Above him, Sherlock moaned.  “Touch it,” he whispered.  John tried to ignore the ache in his balls as he mouthed at pebbled nipple, inching his fingers closer to where Sherlock wanted them.  It was an awkward angle and Sherlock was working hard, keeping himself raised on one arm while holding their cocks together between them.  “John,” Sherlock groaned, breath heaving in and out.  “Now.  Touch it.”
The breakup hurt, but as all hurts generally ease with time, John got on with his life and added another continent on which he had enjoyed the company of women.  He still loved easily, enjoyed flirting, loved having a good time.  He wasn’t as much of a Don Juan as some of his squad made him out to be, although he could boast, if he wanted to, about his unusual ability to attract a lover.  He didn’t particularly like one night stands, although he had his share of them. No one ever entered relationships while deployed under the pretence that it was actually going to end in marriage, kids, and a house in the suburbs.  Hell, you didn’t even know if you were going to live another week, for that matter.  Murray knew what that felt like.  He knew that sometimes things happened in the heat of the moment, things you didn’t talk about, things John didn’t even want to think about.
John held him, smiled, and kissed his worry away.  Sherlock would never feel embarrassed about his feelings, those precious feelings, not on John’s watch.  “I know,” he whispered.  “I know.  That’s love, Sherlock.  Love.  You’re supposed to feel that way.”
The lamp over the doorway casts a golden glow onto the lovingly restored wattle and daub exterior.  It would be a fine home.  Rosie’s voice echoes in his mind:
“In fact,” Sherlock continued, “she’s likely to be on duty now.  You should go and talk to her.”  His voice suggested he leave immediately, and the poor man looked to Mycroft for guidance.
“Mmm.  Not today,” John said, extracting his finger and giving the soft hairs of Sherlock’s cleft a bit of a pet.  “Umph.  Up.  Can’t breathe.”
He might as well stay.  If anything, he could chalk it up to an adventure.  Big house in the moors, mysterious owner, strange-but-friendly housekeeper.  Not too far away from Leeds; he could commute.
Poppy seed?  Sherlock’s mind races.  Poppy seed.  Poppy seed.  Is it a code?  Is that what John says when he can no longer control his carnal urges?  It is a type of kissing Sherlock is unfamiliar with?  His brain reels.  Poppy seed, edible, from the poppy flower, papaveraceae, distinctive red flowers, WWI, Flanders, remembrance, sleep, papaver somniferum, banned in Singapore, opium, sweet, sweet morphine, no wait, not that, definitely not that...
“He says he doesn’t,” Sherlock said bitterly.  “But how could he not?  He came from Cambridge right away.  I told him my concerns, that our father wouldn’t have fallen, and then I cursed mother for moving him so I could have seen exactly how he fell.  Mother was so distraught she didn’t want to hear any of it, enraged that I would carry on my ‘stupid obsession with crime’ to our own father’s demise.  Privately, Mycroft begged me to solve it.   He knew I could.  I I thought for days, sat through my father’s funeral in a trance, trying to think, trying to make sense of it, and every time coming up blank, roadblocks everywhere.  Logic, clouded by my own sense of loss, guilt.  I couldn’t solve it, John.  The death was ruled an accident.  Mycroft cut down the plum tree with an axe and locked the garden and I haven’t been near it since.  And there it is.  The dirty Holmes family secret.”
It was the first time Sherlock had said it aloud, and John’s heart swelled, full of emotion and overwhelming joy.
Sexual intimacy with Sherlock had a somewhat rejuvenating effect on John as well.  People he’d known for years were asking him whether he’d been on holiday, or whether he’d “had some work done”.  Hair cut?  Lost half a stone?  John would laugh and give his standard (and honest) answer: he’d been getting more exercise.  He was also the subject of a sometimes frightening devotion by Sherlock, and after a few months of being routinely worshipped in bed by an eager and attentive lover, John had good reason to walk with his head held higher and smile a bit brighter.  Dr. Watson had rediscovered his mojo.
“Essentially, yes.  If you’d like to do some basic maintenance I certainly wouldn’t be averse to it.  Most of the west wing has been renovated already, but there are a few projects that remain to be completed.  The east wing is off limits due to construction.  Lestrade does most of the outdoor work, but you’re welcome to tackle a project or two.  I’d like you on for at least the months of March and April.  It may not be necessary for you to stay on longer, but you may stay longer if it suits you.  If, of course, you find better accommodations elsewhere, you are welcome to leave.”
John marvelled at the new technology; it had been so long since John had been in a proper lab, and everything looked so new and different.
Owens poured John a glass of water and opened a can of Heineken and brought them both to the small kitchen table.  He, too, sat, running his thumb across the top of his can of lager and looking uncomfortable.
“Nonetheless, I find myself concerned about your reactions what I say or do.  For many years I simply could not afford to care about others’ opinions of me.  It’s part of being a Holmes, I think.  Both my brother and I do not form friendships lightly.  If at all.  Caring about others is like static.  It muddles the mind, obscures truths, blurs boundaries.  But, as you have so eloquently stated, emotion, I’m realising, is not a pathology.”
made a date for Sherlock and himself, one that was looking more and more like it wasn’t going to happen.  Up until then, he hadn’t realised how much he had been looking forward to sharing his company over a meal; somehow, a good steak and a fine glass of wine seemed unimportant without a certain someone to share it with.
“Quick, John, unbutton your shirt,” said Sherlock, tucking his phone back into the pocket of his coat.
“So.  When exactly were you going to tell me that your drug addict brother is holed up in the east wing?  Because the picture is much clearer now.  How fortunate you found me.  A former soldier and a doctor.  Just what your brother needs, eh?”
, he told himself as he pulled off his vest and wiped himself.  He owed himself four months’ worth of orgasms, and if it meant he behaved like his fifteen-year-old self, so be it.  No harm done.
Sherlock opened his eyes and examined his arm without moving his hands from their steepled position under his chin.  “Yes.  It’s a three-patch problem.”
Sherlock made a noise of agreement as John finally pulled the belt free and went to work on the buttons of his trousers.  “You are much braver than I am, John.”
“Now Sherlock,” she said after a few minutes of small talk.  “You and I both know you don’t do social visits.  What would you like to speak to me about?”
My betas put in a stupid amount of time with this chapter.  It was probably the most difficult thing I've ever written, in terms of mystery, and I wouldn't have been able to do it (well, at least) without their help.  Just two more chapters to go, my friends.
It was such a vulnerable position, really, thought John as Sherlock licked at him, to be on your back, legs splayed apart, your bits and bobs in someone else’s mouth.  And Sherlock’s no less; his mouth was the most dangerous part about him.  Capable of so much pain in the form of cutting insults or too-honest and ill-timed deductions, it was also a brilliant mouth, one from which poured forth fascinating monologues and incredible facts and sarcastic rejoinders.  One which kissed John with exceptional skill, one which tongued and sucked and bit in all the right ways.
John keeps a picture on his phone.  It’s password protected as best he knows how, and sometimes, when he’s away at a conference, his hands shake a bit as he tries to key it in.  He’s tired and lonely and horny and misses home and the man in it.
Sherlock stands, deduces.  John’s home, and he’s staying.  Sherlock’s heart beats in his throat.  He swallows to calm himself down.  “I suppose,” he acquiesces.  “You’re…” he nods toward John’s bag, unable to actually speak the words.
Navya felt her face heat.  It appeared that whatever John Watson had referred to as “complicated” when she first met him Friday was apparently no longer complicated.  It would only be a matter of time before the rest of the staff realised exactly who stayed in the honeymoon suite, and when they heard this juicy bit of gossip…
Sherlock had remained quiet for most of the tour, but something Lillian had said had piqued his interest.
Sherlock shook his head.  “It happened in the morning.  He didn’t have one yet when he’d come to ask me to join him.  I told him I was busy, but he implored.  I refused.  So he would have gone to his garden, chosen something that suited him for the day, put it in his buttonhole, and begun his work. It’s what he would have done.”
John had managed to talk the administrator of Barts’ research wing into letting Sherlock have uninterrupted access to a lab once a week on condition that he signed in and out, didn’t blow anything up, and made a list of the supplies he used so they could be restocked.  He was not, however, allowed unsupervised time in the mortuary, at which he sulked about for a week before John finally lost his patience and yelled at him to be grateful that they even let him touch the electron microscope.
John pursed his lips, not answering, and picked another daisy.  “I thought this wasn’t your area,” he ventured at length.  “Chatting.  About relationships.”
“Move,” he whispered, and climbed between those long legs.  He found the bottle, where it was spilling a bit onto the sheets, poured more into his palms, and began on Sherlock’s upper thighs, rubbing oil into muscles and over tendons, over the tender skin where leg joins body, before leaning down and pressing his face into Sherlock’s groin.
The massive hall stood on its hill, proud and majestic, while the orgiastic colour spectacular at the finish line rioted on below.  He could almost imagine the original earl of the manor’s ghost standing on the front veranda, looking disapprovingly at the defilement of his estate.
The man on the audio proved to be distracting.  The voice wasn’t close enough to Sherlock’s, and he didn’t want to feel rushed.  Pulling the earphones out with slippery fingers, John figured he would just imagine a scenario himself.  He was a bit of a writer, after all, and he knew Sherlock better than anyone else did.
“Sherlock Holmes!”  came a familiar voice through the door.  “I trust you’ve had an eventful evening.  Now get dressed before I come in and collect you.”
Sherlock scrunched his eyebrows together.  “I think you may have broken my brain,” he said with mock-seriousness.
“Oh!  Sorry.  Molly.  Molly Hooper.”  She made to stick her hand out, remembered that it was dirty, and abandoned the shake in a strange, shy, finger-waggling wave.
Mycroft took another sip of his tea and stared out the window for a while.  “When Sherlock was five,” he said finally, “he spent the entire summer pretending to be a pirate.  He turned a laundry basket into a boat.  Father bought him an Irish setter named Redbeard.  Mummy fashioned my brother an eyepatch, and he loved nothing better than plundering my bedroom and terrorising the gardeners.  It was his last carefree summer before he started school and the world was introduced to his particular brand of genius.  I still see him that way in my mind, sometimes.  All hair and skinny limbs, waving a wooden sword and telling the flowers to walk the plank.”
As it turned out, Sherlock had miscalculated that his longer reach wouldn’t necessarily mean an easy victory.  They’d raced the length of the pool and back three times, and John bested him every one.  John hadn’t counted on Sherlock’s playful response to being thoroughly trounced, however, and he’d been taken aback when Sherlock turned on him and dunked him under the water.  It was juvenile and absolutely welcome.
There was Sherlock, leaning up against the bar suggestively, speaking quietly with that dick of a barman.  It wasn’t a Sherlock John had ever seen, either.  No, Sherlock had transformed.  His entire posture had relaxed.  He had a curl to his lip John hadn’t seen before, and he kept running his hands through his hair, touching his own arms, thighs.  John’s gut roiled when he realised what was obviously happening: Sherlock was…
Settling back in his chair, John realised that Sherlock hadn’t actually told him anything.  He should leave it alone.  They didn’t chat about sex.  Let it go, he told himself.
After a few minutes of simple, gentle touch, Sherlock shifted behind him, took his arse in those big hands, parted the cheeks, felt with his nose and lips along the cleft until his tongue found what it was looking for.  John sighed into the pillow, shivering not from the chill but rather from the still-illicit feeling of Sherlock’s tongue against his hole.  It was filthy and perfect, and from somewhere under the blankets, Sherlock groaned too.
“It’s not a deal breaker,” sighs John.  It really isn’t.  Annoying, yes, but not irritating enough to make him go back to that sterile bedsit where the only thing of interest was his illegal firearm.  “Go on then.  Impress me.”
Molly laughed.  “She might be.  I think there’s a nest around here somewhere.  She’s probably making sure you don’t bother her babies.”
It was another hour before he could fall asleep again, but eventually, the lull of the rain and the comfort of the bed --or maybe the promise of comfort and company-- won out, and he drifted off to a dreamless sleep.
“Yeah, but how did you know it was me?” John asked, ignoring the fact that Sherlock likely knew all of his mastrubatory habits. “Maybe someone else was looking at it. You couldn’t have known that I was looking at all that crap.”
“Yeah.”  John looks pointedly at Nina.  Rosie chooses great friends, if he’s honest about it.  Rosie’s decision-making, however, leaves much to be desired.  “I remember last time.”
Sherlock’s eyes are shining and John’s heart is in his throat.  “Take care of her for me,” says Sherlock as he holds out his hand.
“No, I mean me.  From you in my mouth.  Didn’t know that was possible,” he said as John reached up to smooth the back of neck, the damp curls there.  “Used to think about it,” he added.  “You’d be sitting there, watching some horrible drivel on the telly, all relaxed, your legs open and feet together, and I could have just crawled over to you and put my head in your lap.  Breathed you in.  I love the way you smell, John.  The way you taste.  You
She thought, but shook her head.  “I’m sorry.  That name doesn’t ring a bell.  If you think of something else you want to ask me, though, do please call.”
to be touched.  He came up for air, wiping his mouth a bit on the back of his oily hand, before he was bodily hauled up the bed and soundly kissed, Sherlock’s mouth hot, wet, and still tasting of smoky whisky.
When he got out, Sherlock had thankfully abandoned his project and now sat in his chair, laptop balanced on his knees.
“It would be a good job for you, making deliveries,” John teased.  “You could deduce everything.”  He lowered his voice dramatically.  “What did Mrs. Granderson order from Agent Provocateur
Who knows how much Sherlock’s brand cost - John didn’t see it here, but knew it was salon-issued.  John didn’t dare ever use it.  Sherlock would know.  He could probably determine how many mL were left by sight alone.
John thumbs it.  He looks.  He never takes it off.  There’s silence as Rosie adds three teaspoons of sugar to her tea.  She takes it exactly like Sherlock does.
“What?  You’re saying all of this” - he waved his arm over the body - “was...how recent?  Wouldn’t he have showered or something since then? Lemon?”  He was vaguely aware that he was spluttering.  Watching your flatmate nearly lick a corpse will do that to a man.
that man - interrupted us.  In an instant I am back in that warm, wet space, my arms full of John, his lips on mine, his hardness against my belly.
Finding his jacket, John pulled out the box of acupuncture needles, went to sit at the table in the big bay window, and spilled out its contents of ten blister packs of twenty needles each.  These needles were small, nearly two inches long.  Each was tipped in red (color-coded for gauge thickness, he’d read earlier) and encased in a plastic tube.  John was familiar with needles, but he had never examined acupuncture needles before.  Curious, he opened one and tested its sharpness with the tip of his index finger.  He frowned, thinking, before getting his computer.  A quick search on YouTube yielded hundreds of acupuncture demonstrations.
John knelt there, trying to absorb everything he’d just heard.  Behind him, Sherlock was still, back to the room.  For a time, the world was just three men in a flimsy bubble of pain and memory.
“You left it at Angelo’s,” supplied Sherlock.  “Your limp was psychosomatic, by the way. I don’t think it will trouble you again.”
Terror uncurls from the middle of his gut as John sees Mrs. Hudson is alive and well.  He’s felt like this before, during the firefight that resulted in his shoulder wound.  A bone-deep panic coupled with a startling revelation.  Then, he’d been panicked about his mates who were falling left and right and realising he was shot and likely going to die himself.  It’s a horrible sense of deja vu, but this time, the panic comes knowing that Sherlock is in imminent danger and John isn’t there to protect him, and the realisation that John loves him.  Some people compare these types of emotional outpourings to the opening of floodgates; John will later think of it as a detonation, as if someone put a bomb inside a glass building and eighty-million shards of truth pierced him from the inside out.  For with that knowledge came the certainty that he was doomed, that this was the end, that Sherlock had done something irreversible.
John responded instantly, the muscles of his arsehole twitching in anticipation.  Sherlock had taught him how to relax there, how to prepare for penetration, and while he took a bit more preparation than Sherlock did, he no longer needed more than a few minutes of foreplay and gentle touch before his hole loosened enough to take fingers or cock.
At university, when he carefully undressed his lovers, mapping soft skin with his fingertips, kissing dips and curves, exploring wet and secret places, he easily shrugged aside the student of science and let his heart (and cock) take over; clinical assessment tucked away for a while.  He learned the female body quickly and completely, and while he wasn’t exactly promiscuous, he had the pleasure of discovering he enjoyed many types of women’s bodies.  (His sister once told him once when he was home for a holiday that he didn’t care what type of car he drove, as long as he was driving.  It was a poor analogy, but John supposed it was true).
, completely relieved.  She looked like a drug addict.”  John glanced at Sherlock, who was picking lint off his trousers.
It’s a good thing that we kept the upstairs room.  I’ve been told I make quite a lot of noise while being enthusiastically buggered by the most attentive lover in London.
motorbike?  The Kawasaki?”  John felt uncomfortable knowing he’d been riding around on something of Sherlock’s without his expressed permission.
Sherlock embraced him again.  “Thank you,” he said by way of answer, giving John a sad smile before retreating to his room.
They lay together, panting, sweat cooling on their bodies.  Eventually Sherlock went to retrieve a flannel from the bathroom.  After a quick wipe-down he climbed into bed once more, this time with John as the bigger spoon.
John read until his eyes were bleary -- everything from acupuncture to Zen meditation -- and when he realised that Sherlock was likely going to be up all night doing whatever he was doing, John took his clothes to the bathroom, brushed his teeth, and changed into pyjamas.  He had wanted to sleep naked, but with Sherlock’s earlier behaviour and the case preoccupying his mind, he thought better of it.  Maybe tomorrow night.  Battle plan, Watson.  Case first, Sherlock second.
