His cheeks flushed with an uncomfortable heat when he saw the type over it (he couldn’t read the actual writing so quickly, even enhanced), something about someone having a crush on him? His brain wasn’t focused on it.
It was frustrating, of course, being quite in love with someone who seemed to have no interest whatsoever in reciprocating any such feelings. But John made the most out of it — Sherlock wasn’t going anywhere, and just being around him when he wasn’t being irritating was enough.
“Yes.”
Although trusting of Rosie and her decisions, he wanted to meet Leo and see whom it was she seemed to be falling for. (Despite not even her knowing it; he knew the signs. She looked exactly like John when they had first met when talking about Leo.)
Her face visibly lit up. “Really?”
Based off of this headcanon (https://grumpy-swoop.tumblr.com/post/157922875751/unilock-prompt?is_related_post=1)
“I love you too!” And then the door shut.
“Now get some sleep.” The excitable blonde nodded, and kissed both of them on the cheek. (She had to get on her tiptoes to reach Sherlock.)
John half-smiled. “Harry asked me to paint her nails every night until she learned to do it herself. I’m sort of an expert.”
They spent the rest of that night in the school’s courtyard, breathing in the honeysuckle and moonlight, John leaning into his boyfriend’s warm side, allowing the music he made to permeate his brain, leaving a soft static in his ears.
And there he was, sitting calmly on his bed with toxic fumes wafting through the air. There was a large burn on the wall, still smoking, and a smaller one on the closet door.
If John stepped forward as well, they would be mere inches apart.
Clara laughed and slipped into the living room, taking a seat on the couch. “It’s fine. I’ve gotten used to it.”
It was nice. Just not perfect.
He took John’s chin with his fingers and got extremely close, close enough for John to be able to pick apart the individual specks of color in his eyes. “Hmm,” he hummed. “I have … yes! I have the perfect shade for you!” He climbed triumphantly right over the coffee table and into another room, before energetically walking back with a small bottle clutched in his fist.
“Oh, get out of here,” the young man snapped. “I’m not going to get anything else out of you today.” He waved a hand at his sibling dismissively.
“Well,” Sherlock began, his voice a slow, smooth baritone. John held his breath, waiting for what may come out of his mouth next.
“I see you’ve taken it upon yourself to buck the norms, brother mine,” Mycroft said, looking disdainfully at Sherlock.
He was staring at the ground, face and neck so red John could practically feel the warmth radiating off of him.
Even though John was still awfully confused as to why Sherlock’s mood changed so abruptly the last time they had met, he was thrilled that they were meeting again. The video Sherlock had posted had become wildly popular within the hour; his channel had exploded with the demand for a second one, which led to Sherlock’s summoning five minutes ago.
Sherlock waved his arm aimlessly in John’s general direction, then walked out of the classroom slowly. He bumped into several people on the way, but didn’t pay them any mind. They weren’t important. Right now it was just Sherlock. (Well, and John. The John in his mind palace.)
“People actually believe you’re this much of a prick?” John said, smiling.
The stranger raised his gun and shot.
News spread around the school about the boy who liked John Watson and the person in love with their lab partner and their budding conversation.
He’d never say it aloud, but it was kind of nice having someone next to him. The two weren’t even touching, but the reassurance that he wasn’t alone was enough to scare off the nightmares for ten hours.
With steady fingers, Sherlock uncrumpled the paper. His heartbeat jumped into his throat when he realized what it was.
Mike had known that something good would come out of this stupid Anonymous Confession Wall, and now he had proof.
“Love you!”
“Um, yes, they do,” Sherlock said, shaking his head quickly.
“Hello. The name’s Sherlock Holmes, and this is my,” Sherlock paused momentarily, a flash of uncertainty in his eyes, “… friend, John Watson.” He glanced at John nervously, as if unsure the label fit.
In the most indirect way he could think of.
“26. 25. 24…”
“So, what’s the lab?”
The boy slowly stood up and moved over to his wardrobe, opening the doors and crouching down to throw open the lid of a heavy trunk nestled at the bottom. He pulled out a soft longsleeved shirt and simple black pants, very plain compared to the clothes he wore just moments ago. He pulled them on swiftly, then laid on his stomach to pull a pair of soft brown boots from under his bed. He tugged them on and laced them up quickly.
“Wh — ”
~Lucinda
Sherlock seemed to be paralyzed, which was exactly how John felt right now.
John broke away first, but only because the nail polish bottle was about to tip over and ruin Sherlock’s papers.
He’d get there, eventually. No matter how long it took.
“Wait,” John paused, looking at Sherlock. “What do we have to discuss? I thought we were just meeting to … meet.”
Sherlock smiled at her, making John smile.
“Well, would you like to invite him over for dinner sometime?” John offered. Rosie turned a little red.
He realized that although he wasn’t the most socially involved at the school, Sherlock knew what was going on. What those messages said.
The bright red eyeliner pen resting next to the laptop drew John’s eyes. He picked it up and rolled it around in his hand absentmindedly. He had never really messed around with makeup, except for one time in grade school where he had worn blue eyeshadow and pink gloss for a week on a dare. He’d always been a little nervous to try.
Maybe it was that Sherlock, at this school on a full scholarship and getting paid well for his research, had the means to buy new clothes, ones that were actually his size.
“You’re not my fashion advisor, only moral support. Which I don’t need,” he yelled through the door of the dressing room.
Perhaps a tablecloth would be more practical than moving all of his science equipment into his bedroom.
“And,” Sherlock continued, having moved onto a more interesting topic, “she met someone. In her … calculus class. No, right outside her calculus class. She … dropped something … no! The flower fell out of her hair, and he picked it up. But … she was already gone, and so he pocketed it. And … yes! When he saw her in calculus, he gave it back to her!”
“Perfect,” John declared, pulling back. Though the makeup job was far from it, the adjective still applied. “You’re done!”
The boy paused to stick his head around a wall, looking around warily. He moved forward cautiously.
“He may not accept, but just so you two know: it’s definitely a possibility,” she said, pointing the butter knife at them.
“That’s not what people normally say.”
“God help me,” Sherlock added.
The last thing he’d expected was a response.
“Oh, brilliant, and you’ve been keeping it next to the sugar,” the blogger muttered, pulling out the little bottles. “Scarlet, hot pink, or sparkly purple?”
“No problem,” John said, staring up at the taller man (who seemed at a loss for words). They both paused and just looked at each other for a second.
He left the table then, sifting through bottles in the cabinet to try and find what Sherlock was requesting. He smiles and shook his head at himself as he realized he’d never question Sherlock, even when he was dealing with dangerous substances.
It was entrancing, and John found himself several nights a week falling asleep or waking to the peaceful melodies making their way out of the man’s living room window.
The bell rang again, letting John know he’d definitely be late now, even if he ran, so he stuffed the flyer in his bag and jogged up the stairs.
~Lucinda
In chemistry, their stools were so close their shoulders were touching.
John crept silently through the dark passages ringing with electrified noise and sound effects, his eyes wide in the twilight warzone. A light blue glow emanated from his flashing vest, displaying his team colors. The small, glowing screen topping the large plastic gun he gripped with both hands read:
Gave him something to hear besides the rush of his own heartbeat.
John kind of stared after him, wondering what he’d done wrong. Every time he tried to convey some fraction of his feelings to Sherlock, he seemed to either not notice them, or ignore them. This was the most direct he’d been in a long time, Sherlock had
He drew closer, and read what it said.
John was beginning to wonder if his teammates would ever figure out who wrote the messages. Even though he wished they’d asked his permission before making such a big deal out of someone having a crush on him, it didn’t make any such difference.
“I’ll be right back,” the man said, turning and bouncing back to the kitchen.
“Thanks,” Rosie said. John knew it would have come out sarcastic, but she was pale and worried.
“John Watson,” John replied. A small smirk made its way onto Sherlock’s face at the statement, which, John realized, he already knew from his Twitter handle. “Nice to meet you in person.”
One morning through a mouthful of toast and marmalade, she blurted out that she was going to invite him over.
“I’m not his date,” John said automatically, brow furrowing. Sherlock said nothing, only looked at John expectantly.
Sherlock was struck by how enchanted he was with this man when he smiled. His face lit up, and the only word his brilliant mind could think of was
Sherlock always seemed a little surprised whenever John showed affection, especially around other people, but John was working on that.
Sherlock’s playing slowed and stopped at the question. He whirled around, his dressing gown twirling after him. The light from the window cut a dramatic figure, which, John supposed, was Sherlock for you.
“What?” Sherlock said, looking back at the mirror. “I don’t see anything.”
confessed his undying love for someone who would in no universe reciprocate any such emotion.
“4– Game over!” declared the woman’s voice.
His Twitter fans were beside themselves with some video a blonde had posted on YouTube. He rolled his eyes and clicked on the link people had been sending him. He had multiple recordings scheduled for today, and he wasn’t eager to get distracted by some ridiculous little home film of a cat on a Roomba.
When the boy didn’t reply, John contemplated shooting his vest from behind, but he had a feeling that wouldn’t end so well for him. This kid seemed like someone you wouldn’t want as your enemy, even in a game of laser tag.
“Yes, obviously. Good luck on your exam.”
Sherlock strolled from the bedroom into the kitchen at that moment, putting on the kettle and then the coffee maker.
It had taken a bit of practice to get used to palming a cock that wasn't his own, but John had managed famously. Pulling Sherlock on top of him after he'd yanked them both down to the bed he unfastened his belt and trousers and slid his hand inside.
"There, done." Sherlock said. "And posted. With that I'm shutting down otherwise the notifications will destroy my battery."
"In the past I have been a stupid and wasteful man, but I like to believe I've learned better. I've no intention of wasting a chance with you. Though, I must warn you, I'll likely be rude, thoughtless, I'll unintentionally step on your toes or feelings and the work, our work will still take precedence during working hours..."
We both thought it was a pretty good list and something I should try and remember it in the days ahead. There are going to be days where the benefits aren't all that apparent. Maybe the clear-headed (or what passes for clear-headed) John Watson of today can help the bleary-eyed, craving ravaged John Wason of tomorrow.
"Sherlock, yes...you feel so good. Please, please just like that."
John had then placed his foot firmly but gently against Sherlock's crotch and stifled a laugh as his eyes had gone wide.
She asked me if I wanted her to try a strapon once.
After a restless and largely sleepless night, John had gone down to the Holmes kitchen for breakfast but found only the parents. He wasn't exactly sure that he wanted to make up, at least not just yet, but he'd figured they'd feel one another out. See where they stood with the sun up. That, apparently, wasn't going to happen.
Sherlock sighed.
"Be a good boy and do as I said. I can appraise your wardrobe later if that's what gets you going."
Sherlock's features immediately softened and he offered the smallest of smiles in return.
feared and thinking back to what Molly had said, how Sherlock had looked in the kitchen and how he'd looked days ago, thin, pale, eyes rimmed red, it made perfect sense.
"I hardly give a whit what people think about me."
"Shit!" He swore before turning fully to Sherlock. "Wait...what? Why would you say that?"
"He's my best friend. We were separated by necessity so he could get better. He appears to be on the correct path."
John reached for his wallet to pay the check but Sherlock waved him away with a hand gesture and the former relented. They'd need to talk about finances at some point.
"How so?"
He'd answered the next day to say he was sorry but he wasn't going to be able to make it but hopefully next time round. Duck had been understanding and as it turned out hadn't been able to make it then himself. His trip had gotten pushed back...to this evening it seemed.
be by yourself because I'll be there, right?"
It was his own fault. This had been going on since last year and he'd done absolutely nothing about it. There were days where his toothache was a manageable twinge, a pain that made itself known every now and then especially when prodded by something hard or cold. But mostly, undisturbed, it kept to itself. But other days, days like today, it was hysterical. Screaming at every little thing, every inconvenience. The best he could manage today at lunch with Mike was soup and his mouth was even treating that like he'd opted for a bowl of gravel and glass.
"I'm so fucking sorry, Sherlock." He whispered. "I'm sorry, mate."
"I love you, Sherlock. I'm sorry for the things I said." He murmured before kissing him again. "Please, no more tonight."
I wouldn't. Paper after paper, bullshit column after column in the Sun and the Mail and the Telegraph and I never doubted that everything we'd seen and done was true. Why that part? They weren't listening to the phone they were only watching. So why that? Hmm? Why that extra nail in the coffin? Why that purposeful attempt to hurt me? To devalue everything we'd done together?"
John could feel Sherlock's eyes on him, the deductions the
His friend was still asleep when he arrived and try as he might, he couldn't tempt him to eat.
"I..."
"Is it true you were on meth? Or was it smack like Sherlock?"
"Is there something wrong, John?" She asked.
"Is there anything else? What were you going to do with the gun?"
He truly didn’t want to delve further into that at the moment.
"Hmmm?"
"Your daughter...you...?"
John was in no hurry to hang up but as the sunlight slowly infiltrated Sherlock's bedroom and as his mates blinks became slower and eyelids heavier he knew it was time for rest.
"Do you always have to be such a harbinger of doom and gloom?"
John looked up just as Sherlock re-entered the room followed by their two friends.
Alright, maybe that was a bit dramatic.
As Sherlock had predicted she was sound asleep before he was even halfway finished. John raised the blanket over her small frame and gave her bottom a little pat.
Sherlock inhaled through his nose and then nodded resolutely. He'd arrived before John had and was seated comfortably when he'd entered. For a moment, just a flash he'd felt nervous, wondering if they'd been talking about him before he'd gotten there.
"Just like that?"
"Fighting, is that what you call it when he hits a 10-year-old so hard they go flying across the room."
John hadn't expected this, certainly hadn't seen this inclination coming but with Sherlock there on all fours in front of him, pretty arse in the air he wanted to do only one thing.
"13 inches." He said with clear distaste.
"How are the meetings going?"
"That's absolutely normal. That should be the impression you get when you speak in the AA meetings."
"Mama! Mama! MAMA!" On the last word, she threw Bumbly to the ground in anger and waved her small arm.
reading for you." She joked. "Just look through it when you get a chance. It's supplemental and some of it is situation specific but it may help you."
Sherlock sighed again.
"Yes, well, hadn't you better open your gifts?" Sherlock said cutting her off.
and the sensation burst across the back of John's neck causing goose pimples to prickle and rise. "I'll always come for you, John Watson."
"No, they're not pleased, they don't like you and they don't approve. I think they want the privilege of saying no to an invitation. Should I give it to them?"
always tried his best. And she hadn't told him every secret as they'd vowed to on their wedding day. He'd been furious with her and furious with himself. But over time that fury had dulled and dissipated and now he realized they were just two people, trying their best, stumbling quite a bit along the way. But still working and trying, hand in hand as they had started.
"I know, I should. I'm sorry. I..."
Dear Molly,
Duck looked stricken, his eyes going wide, his mouth falling open a bit.
"Why does Mycroft insist you leave a note. No, I know why. What incident brought it about?"
“Keep your hands on the wall but turn your head and kiss me.” he ordered. These commands felt daring and dangerous and yet John seemed far more willing to comply at this point. He did as he was commanded, turning his head and craning his neck to be kissed as Sherlock corkscrewed his hand up and down his cock.
"I just...I don't care anymore, Sherlock. I wake up, I got to bed, I wake up the next day and it all just bleeds one to another to another. It's not just depression, it's not just being sad. I don't have any interest in my life anymore. I don't care." He said and his voice cracked.
Grudgingly the detective did as he was commanded.
It was a minor victory and as John was starting his reply to the email he felt vindicated.
"You're not listening to me." He said raising his voice. "This is urgent, this could be a matter of life and death. I need to make a call."
He drifted back to sleep happy and content, imagining himself and Sherlock as old men, still having their verbal sparring matches, still disagreeing, still being utterly flummoxed by each other but in the end, always in the end, coming together, mending, fixing, healing.
"Tread lightly, mate."
"Why must we cloud things with euphemism?"
"Safe travels to you both." She responded before adding. "Oh, John in the chaos of my office I almost forgot. I have a few things for you." She rummaged through a nearby box and came away with several books and more than a dozen photocopied bundles stapled together. "Some
"I'm excited by you too. Could we just snog more? Get used to one another."
"This film is dross."
"Funny you should ask that, we just spoke before I came out here. Yeah, she agreed to come." James replied.
He wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of eye contact.
"He thinks you're killing me."
The driver went to the back and removed two suitcases and hurried ahead of the passenger. He gave John a nod of acknowledgment as walked past him up to and through the doors.
It was nice. He didn't laugh much anymore.
"Yes, I'm fucking angry." he said louder than he meant to. "Sorry, sorry..."
Pulling away before either was satisfied John sank to his knees. He opened Sherlock's legs wider and without preamble took him in his mouth.
Finally the door unlocked and opened.
"Yes, we'll have to keep you up to the neck in cases, won't we?"
"We should get some rest, don't you think?" John asked after Sherlock had yawned for the fourth time.
"I can contact my parent's lawyer, he can draw up papers and go ahead with the sale if you like. I'll handle everything that needs handling."
He didn't want less and he was afraid of more.
He wasn't quite stupid or mental enough to truly believe she
"Avoiding the topic at hand. Would it matter if I were real or a figment of your imagination or if I were a broom that you danced with so long as I doled out good advice."
"If...the need arises?" What once might have made him bristle now just made him laugh.
He gave an especially hard "thrust" and Sherlock dropped his head back on the pillow, his curls fanning out just a bit. As Sherlock extended his hands to put each one on John's arse cheeks, John snaked his hand between them, stroking their cocks together as he gyrated against him.
"I slept a little on the plane." He said coming out of the bathroom, his clothing neatly folded his arms. He was wearing a t-shirt, trousers and that well worn and consequently impossibly soft dressing gown. Placing his clothes atop the suitcase Sherlock then headed to the bed and sat down.
"I'm fine. But all the more reason to get me an account. That way the messages will get funneled to me and the real cases should get to you. I'm also going to come off private on Twitter. Might as well give them multiple targets for their vitriol."
Sherlock hated hopping into bed with him when he was high so John held off on taking anything before he got home.
"We have never been what you might call friends, John. But I have respected you, your limited talents and your place in Sherlock's life. You had value to him and so you had value to me. When you lost your wife and your grip, your value to my brother held steady but for me it began to depreciate. It now sits at zero. I do not care if you choose to take your life. I do care if you choose to take my brother with you. This is your opportunity to right what you have wronged."
John had given his fair share of massages in the day, though admittedly, most of them had been in an effort to talk a woman into sex, or at least make her more receptive to the idea. Still though, he knew how to do it, knew the points of pressure and release. He hadn't known about the sacrum trick that Sherlock was an expert at pulling, but in the interim, and certainly before offering his services tonight he'd done reasearch. A lot of research.
"Hello...Nell." He cleared his throat and tried to clear his head. "I'm sorry, I-"
"Because it's what people always asked about Sherlock. They always assumed we were at it."
Hi Sherlock,
"John, can I ask you to clear your schedule for June 15th, 16th, and 17th."
"Sorry, miles away." He said apologetically. "What were you saying?"
Jolting awake he answered.
"I have a bag packed and a car ready to drive us there waiting just past the gate. It's all arranged."
"John," Hanah said quietly. "To me, direct this to me, not to him. Not just yet. This is you and me, like always."
"He doesn't think that about me. He doesn't know any of the things I've told you. He's brilliant but he's a terrible liar, a ridiculous snoop and he can't keep quiet about something that's stoked his curiosity to save his life. If he had any inkling of this he would have said something."
"A little," John said with a nod. "Just go slow."
I felt such anger, such rage, I knew I wasn't doing a good job of controlling myself with someone who had clearly taken leave of their senses.
"I'd like to welcome Amy to our little group. Amy just passed the milestone of 24 hours sober. I'm going to give her her 24-hour coin and you all should give her a big hand."
Well, you listen to me: who you really are, it doesn't matter.
happy. Absolutely surprised and shocked but happy. I know it was the same for Mary too. We went on our honeymoon and were like We're actually going to do this, aren't we? Just dive right in. I'm totally not ready but yeah, let's!
Sherlock flopped back down and closed his eyes before edging his body over to allow John more space.
"There's stuff that you wanted to say but didn't say it. Say it now."
"You're an arsehole," John said. "And stop making me laugh. It sends all the blood to my face and makes it hurt worse."
"For the record, you can have the pin and stuff to my account, if you like."
He had to suppress his gag reflex as he thought of a plate swimming with greasy sausage and bacon, watery beans and wobbly fried eggs. He'd have rather died right then and there than spend one more moment imagining her setting a fry up in front of him.
With Mary, well, to people on the outside he hadn't known her that long. They wished him congratulations but there was always a hesitancy in their eyes, something just on the tip of their tongues.
"Well, I got a bottle of whiskey for the table. I seem to remember that being your poison. Am I right?"
“Ahh yes, the cock ring. We really must try that again.” Sherlock said as he thought back to that evening.
Sherlock was whimpering now, brows knitting together in concentration as John peppered kisses across his neck.
Hi Sherlock,
The question clearly unnerved his friend who took his usual defensive posture.
He could swear he could hear Sherlock's confusion over the phone. And why not? He was babbling uncontrollably.
A few soft moans from both of them later John gave his boyfriend a quiet warning.
Sherlock had apparently decided not to approach this tentatively and after a few test movements of his lips and tongue he took him as deeply as he could.
"Yeah, of course. I mean, I couldn't fancy you if I wasn't."
John silently made his way over to the door and lingered just to watch, just to drink him in for a last time.
It was the former who finally broke the pleasant silence.
"Yeah, every now and then. Actually, it was earlier. Why?"
"And your mother never accepts these offers?"
"Calm down, sweetheart. I'm working on it."
"What are you doing?"
"We're on no one's timeline, ok? I think we've proven that again and again. Things will happen when they happen. But yes, to clear things up completely I want to date you and I want that to lead to a regular, intimate sexual relationship between us."
The dream, well that was just an exaggeration, right?...His mind running riot. Mistakenly melding intimacy with sex. Like a bad translation of a foreign text, keeping the bare bones of the tale but missing the subtlety. But he didn't want sex, right? Of course not. He was straight. He liked women,
"Of course. I'll change and be right in." He said with an obliging tone that would have struck John as so odd months ago. Now, it just sounded normal.
"Hi." John said and it sounded absurdly inadequate. Not at all what he wanted to say.
"She wrote, "That was very rude just up and leaving like that. I wasn't half done flirting with you."
"I think you said it before, and thank you." John reached behind him and bunched a pillow up under his neck and head to prop himself up. "Did you sleep well?"
John opened his eyes and woke up...for real this time. Sherlock wasn't in bed with him and he wasn't preparing to give him a blowjob. He was, however, peering out at him from the bathroom, toothbrush in hand.
"No, really, Sherlock, I mean it. Thank you." John said as he kissed him again.
"Sherlock, maybe you'd best take him upstairs to bed. He could use a little attention." Mrs. Hudson said not unkindly.
"I could get two copies. We could read it together if you like. Our own little book club."
"Go back home, Sherlock. We're not going to do this now, we are really not."
Maybe Sherlock had gone as far as he wanted and had no intention of going further. Maybe sleepy, platonic kisses in bed every now and then was more than enough for him. Why shouldn't it be? What did John really have to offer after all this time? A broken down middle-aged man with an alcohol habit, anger issues, and a glaring disconnect when it came to his own sexuality. It was nonsense. What had he been thinking? Of course, his mate would be hesitant. Of course, he'd turn him down.
"Right here." Sherlock said pointing to a red box that said "Cash" fastened to a wall of the stand. "It's the honor system."
He texted Sherlock as promised after lunch ended but plans had changed as they always did and he no longer needed to meet him at the station. In fact, his partner assured him that they'd soon have the culprit in custody due to a remarkable turn of events that he was eager to tell him about once it was all over.
"No, we'll not be taking questions at this time," Sherlock said briskly. "But we thank you for your interest. Isn't it time for more cake?"
I guess I need to toss the script. Drop the mask. And all other things that I'd like to dismiss as euphemism though I know they aren't. I need to toss them in the bin except I don't know how. I guess that's what I'm here to learn.
"How could you possibly know that? Or is this one of those times where you didn't know but I just revealed it?"
"You know why I called."
"I...smart as a whip. I mean, she knows her colors and animals, she speaks clearly, gets her point across." John chuckled dryly and humorlessly but she just kept looking at him, studying him in a way he found both familiar and alien. Sherlock had studied him in the beginning but it had felt a lot less foreign, less probing. "What... I mean... would you like a number?"
"Why upsetting?" Hanah asked before he could.
He hadn't forgotten, exactly.
After a few moments, Sherlock began to hum something softly in his ear.
"That's not a penis that's a caber."
“Your hands are on my arse.”
Now, largely, he was untroubled.
"Ok, well off you both go. John, I'll be in touch and we'll set up our first Skype session soon. Best of luck to you both."
He kissed her temple as he positioned himself to stand up from the sofa.
I’m sure you know what this is, everyone knows what this is. I’m making amends to the people that I have wronged and I certainly wronged you.
One thing was for certain; he'd taken Hanah's idea of leaving the country and run with it. It was down on paper now which made it rather real and something that needed to be considered.
John nodded and almost didn't say anything. This had gotten so real so quick but he forced himself to reply with concern and empathy he really did feel.
"You want to know if I fancied him. If we were sleeping together."
"Yes, well...yes, that sounds...-" John chuckled behind him, listening as he struggled to get the sentence out. "That's...I'll place an order first thing tomorrow."
It wasn't just that the pain was lessening it wasn't even just that Sherlock virtuosity with his hands was not limited to the violin it was also the fact that somehow, without him even noticing John's cock was positively rigid.
"That's right you and look at your hair! Look how silly!" He replied and she laughed again. "Actually I'd like one of all of us."
. From a very early and impressionable age, you adopted the philosophy that only by making no mistakes could you be a good boy, a good man. That to do anything other than that made you faulty, broken and yes, even evil. I've been doing all the talking today, I want you to say something. Argue with me or confirm it but say something to this."
"I...have a de-gloved hand in the refrigerator," Sherlock replied breathlessly. "I'm waiting for some acidity results on that."
He glanced down at his body, wanting to see from this angle Sherlock's arm and where it disappeared between his thighs, wanting to see the twitch of muscles as they worked. He was instead, however, absolutely shocked to see that his cock was flushed, half hard and leaking like a sieve onto his abdomen.
When he started to buck against his finger John had the impression that it had taken even Sherlock by surprise when after a few firm pumps from John's hand he started to come.
"Don't shout at me sir, I'm only doing my job."
Not always there but sometimes.
"Yeah, I'd just like to have a minute or so?"
This was all moving too fast for John, way too fast and he had a ridiculous impulse to run out of the room. He didn't want this, didn't want to be so exposed. He had no idea what sort of question she might ask him in front of Sherlock or worse what she might ask Sherlock directly.
"I know, John. No need to explain. Hanah said we shouldn't just yet anyway. We're going to snog a little more and then go to sleep. alright? That's all. I expect nothing more from you that to have you lying by my side or in my arms."
"And you do an admirable job. A job that you did, regardless of an order from my overbearing sibling."
"Have a seat and I'll bring it to you. Don't get used to this though. I'm just feeling domestic today."
Duck smiled and gave him a small nod.
"No thank you, I think I'll sleep a bit longer. I'll thank you not to let me adopt this lazy habit when we return home." He stopped perhaps hearing what he had said. "When I return-" Realizing that didn't make things much better Sherlock shut his mouth entirely.
He kissed his neck, just below his hairline, little curls tickling the tip of his nose as he did so.
"Yes?"
We started kissing again, more passionately. I was hard and had been almost since we'd come in from the living room. Raising up a bit I removed my pants and we were finally cock to cock. He started to grind against me as we kissed. I wanted to see him, stroke him, taste him but I was getting close to coming again.
Sherlock caught him up on the latest trash telly he'd been viewing. John mentioned a book or two he'd been interested in getting from Amazon, a few thrillers, and mysteries.
After reading a few chapters of the novel nearest to him John turned off his light and settled down to sleep.
The doctor scoffed and sighed rather dramatically.
"Thank you and of course I forgive you." John said with a smile that Sherlock returned. Some of the uneasiness and tension seemed to leave the room and John took a deep breath to steady himself.
@ConsultingDetective221B Are you at hospital right now?
"Sorry?"
"Really?"
"I think that's common. Sometimes finding the meetings where you feel the most at home is the result of research and just plain old fashioned shopping around. If you combine that with being newly out of the closet it's natural that it'll take some time."
Why am I writing? I'm writing because she says it's a good habit. She says, what's the harm? She says it's not really going anywhere and that it's just as real as me talking to her. Mary is here with me now, simultaneously in every way that matters and every way that doesn't. I know, it's a hallucination brought on by grief and an unwillingness to let go. I know I'm barmy for talking to my dead wife who I've conjured up in my head. She comforts me. What's wrong with that?
He instantly hated himself for it. He didn't want to put him off, push him away. It was an old defense mechanism but why did he feel the need to be defensive against his partner. Fuck, probably something he needed to talk to Hanah about. Add it to the goddamn, ever growing list.
"Are you still in love with him?" Hanah asked.
As he waited to return his phone, there seemed to be a bit of a backup at the desk for some reason, he decided idly to head to Twitter.
"Maybe I deleted it." Sherlock added.
Sherlock is looking forward to me coming home. And so am I. I miss him, I miss our bed and our chairs. I miss his touch and his smile. Though I did get to see his smile today.
“Whatever armor you feel the need to wear out there," John began. "Let it come off when we're together, ok?  When we're home, in bed, in our flat, That is our space. Just yours and mine, alright? Our flat. Our bedroom. Our bed.” John inched closer to him, as close as he could before wrapping arms around his waist and pressing his chest to Sherlock's back. "Now...tell me what happened to you."
Again they nodded.
"Of course we can."
* Hold onto your butts.
"Fifty percent of them are about God. Half the steps, Hanah. Six out of twelve. It doesn't work for me. I'm trying to get out of it what I can but it just doesn't work. I say God bless you and God damn it and for God sakes and Mary and I were married in a church...when Sherlock fell I begged I said...Oh, Jesus no... But I don't believe. I've seen too many things, experienced too many things to believe in a deity, benevolent or otherwise. I can't pretend and I can't have it be the lynchpin of my recovery because I will fail."
"Is that all it is? Obligation?"
"I love you, Sherlock Holmes." He said softly before leaning forward to resume kissing his cheeks. He grazed the pale flesh with his teeth as he kept the movement of his finger steady and firm.
"You're not going to make me index my socks, are you?"
Right was somewhat of an understatement. Right didn't even come close.
He had an odd way of writing, couldn't exactly do it in a linear fashion. And though he was knee deep in the meat of the story by this point, he hadn't been able to come up with an opening. Until now.
"Your patience in the face of very little information is..."
"Yes, sir, just one moment." The clerk said as he typed in their information in the computer. "Sorry, gentlemen, we seem to only have one room. Must have gotten confused with the booking. My apologies. I'll see what else is available. Or maybe we can fit another single in there."
"Mate." Sherlock repeated, rolling the word around on his tongue and clearly finding it unappealing.
Waving a gun at Mrs. Hudson. Public accusing a man of being a serial killer. Being brought in the boot of a car and delivered to my doorstep on the brink of death. So bloody far down a syringe I'm surprised you even remember your name.
Sherlock blinked, opened his mouth and shut it again.
"See you tomorrow."
"No...I treated you like so much less than you are. It wasn't right for me to just let you get me off and then send you away."
"Better, love?" He asked quietly before rubbing his cheek against Sherlock's.
"That's where we're starting." She said firmly. "Take me back to when you met."
It could be from anyone, it could be anything and it didn't necessarily have to be bad. He was existing now in that space between what is and what could be and he was breathing deeply as possible lest the hammer drop any day now.
Seriously...what's to keep me here?
Oh God..right there...
"So, you're a virgin?"
Ah, so that was why he didn't finish it all those months ago.
"Graham Norton?" He asked.
. There are no superheroes here, nor are any wanted." She was addressing only Sherlock now and all John could do was look on. "Be there for him, talk to him, go to open meetings with him, help him focus. Offer him all the help you can, always and with open arms but remember he has to do the heavy lifting. Don't think you can do this for him, no matter how badly you want to, because you can't."
"Good. Then you'll eat breakfast in the morning."
"No pending work to do bringing the criminal element to task?" He said pushing ahead.
"Probably because I tried to kill myself a few days before winding up here." John said and for the first time in a while, he laughed at the absurdity of it all.
Sherlock was calling for him. He sounded far away. Impossibly far. And so John took off running, running and running and running asking; "Where are you, Sherlock?" "Where have you gone?" "I'm coming!. "It's ok, I'm coming."
"In the letter he wrote."
Early on he stopped telling Sherlock about any appointments he had and was sure to schedule them at a time that would arouse the least suspicion.
"Well, yes of course." He said his brow furrowing. I could see his mind working as he tried to ratchet his thinking down to ordinary terms. Just what was it dull John had assumed was happening. "What else could I have meant?"
John paused and thought.
They were fine.
The last time I wrote to you my wife was alive.
"Yeah, yes, spur of the moment decision. I'd always liked anatomy, done well in maths and science and one day I just said, I'm going to be a doctor."
I hope it was a painful death.
"So, what was it like in rehab? You gonna drink anymore, mate?"
"Didn't it just."
John frowned, thinking the flush was a fever or worse that he was upset.
"I was angry and foolish. I wanted to rouse you to anger or some sort of genuine emotion. It was childish and brutally short-sided considering. Forgive me?"
"Suddenly, yeah, I'm not exactly eager to be put on display. Paraded about. They have every right to judge me for what I've done and I'm...well I feel as though I'm about to pay the piper."
"I don't know." He said with a shrug.
"I didn't have my phone. It would have been a liability so I left it at Baker Street and got a burner."
He paused for the small wave of laughter.
"I know." She laughed. "I could practically see it on your face."
"But there's no music." He said even as he approached.
John agreed. It was as good a plan as any.
That one was hard to argue with.
"I really thought you were going to say no." And suddenly he felt nearly breathless.
"Very well." Sherlock replied as he relaxed into his arms. "I can't say that I mind it."
"Well, we'll be off. Best of luck." John said grabbing Sherlock by the sleeve and tugging him out.
Sherlock turned to him as they walked and John could read his gaze without seeing it. It was the honesty that was taking the detective off guard. It gave John both a surge of pride and shame, pride that his friend had noticed and shame that it was rare enough to be worthy of note.
"I say this with all sincerity," he began as he looked down at the sleeping child in his arms. "It was my pleasure."
At this, John flew into a coughing fit and Sherlock thumped him on the back with concern until he quieted.
"John, I think you know, without me telling you that's not the goal."
"When we first knew one another my father was. Now, I've inherited it and wound up needing it in a way I never imagined. It keeps me safe now, secure. I am grateful for the thing I tried to dodge for years. The only reason I'm in London is to tend to some business that cannot be conducted over the phone. But, back to the matter at hand. All those years ago you and I accidentally ran afoul of some very dangerous people. After they knocked you out with the butt of that gun I kicked you as hard as I could to get you to roll over. You were face down in a puddle and you would have drowned. They asked me why I did that. I explained and they said it didn't matter because they were going to kill us both anyway. I told them I had money. I told them I could get them whatever they wanted if they just let us go. Once I'd convinced them I wasn't lying we struck a deal. I told them I needed two weeks. Just two weeks to secure the cash. They agreed and they said if it took one day over a fortnight they'd take you and send pieces of you back to me bit by bit in the post."
"And you will, when you come and when you enjoy it. But for now...well, just a peek."
"They certainly would. It would be an..." He paused as he started to stroke him. "
She gestured to her right and Frank, the mountain of a bloke who'd been there when he'd checked in appeared with a less than cheerful look on his face.
What if he made another grab for the life he wanted? It wasn't so far out of reach.
"Now John is also leaving us today with 90 days sober. In celebration of that achievement please accept your 3 months sobriety chip."
"I can pay my own way and no, I'm fine, Mike, truly. I've just got a thing going on here." He said gesturing vaguely to his mouth. They were finally having the lunch that John had been putting off for reasons he couldn't pinpoint. Now that he was here though he was actually having a nice time when he wasn't forced to chew. He'd always liked Mike and his gregarious company. He didn't like that he'd forgotten that or rather allowed himself to forget it. In any case, they'd been talking easily now in the restaurant for a good half hour and John was nothing but relaxed and comfortable.
His website hadn’t been updated in ages except for one small thing.
The next morning he awakened with a jolt, the first reason being he'd forgotten where he was and the orientation of everything felt unfamiliar. This was followed fast on the heels of the sight of Sherlock looming above him, looking down.
"I'd really rather not have a penis injection of any sort so let's not go any further in that direction. And a suppository just isn't a good idea for the sort of sex we're ultimately planning. Not to mention, they're still medications."
I don't want this. I don't need this. Not now. Not ever again.
He answered the FaceTime and his sister appeared on screen.
"It's...do you know who Brad Pitt is?"
"Of course, you..you can't split yourself like that."
To John's surprise, Mike started to tear up. He hadn't known his friend to be the overly emotional sort but he pulled John into a sudden rough hug and mumbled his acceptance of the apology against his ear.
"Sherlock...love..."
. He'd let it go on far too long and it was, to quote the dentist, "a mess in there". He had the option to get the root canal today and come back later for the crown. Or to endure a lengthy arm-rest clawing process or root canal and crown but at least have it finished in one go. He chose the latter and hours later with a swollen face and a brutalized jaw he walked out of the office slurring like a cartoon drunk, prescription in hand.
"You're just sleepy." John teased and his bedmate made a little 'Mmm' sound of assent. "Thanks for taking me to bed."
"What did you think about that?"
your violin?"
"Yes, I guess so, yes."
"Because ...because he's emotional and erratic! Because he needs someone to look after him! Because I owe him! Because I broke his HEART!"
"You're in pain. You've been favoring your right leg and hip for some time now but you've been trying to conceal it from me. Don't play stupid, John, you know how I hate that."
"Yes, quite a bit. But it ended rather abruptly. And as for later on, well you met Sebastian Wilkes. He was a good sampling of the sum and total of my university experience so that ended any romantic prospects. But by that point, I felt I'd moved beyond the need. I preferred being alone. Which was good because people preferred leaving me alone."
Sherlock glanced at him with a look that John couldn't exactly read. Smug. Confident. And something else...something...
"Good God, no!" He said his voice hoarse and raw.
"I don't know how comfortable I'll ever be with public affection." He warned.
"Now, lie back and raise up. I again did as he asked. I was taking a lot of orders tonight and I didn't mind it at all.
The man behind the counter nodded, took the small piece of paper and retreated behind his computer.
"Oh don't be daft, John." She said turning away and walking ahead. He then started to push the shopping trolley after her.
And thank you all, so, so very much for reading.
I am an alcoholic and I realize it is important for me to admit that and acknowledge it at every turn.
"I'm happy for you, mate. I am."
"You said...at the flat...you said something about what we might have been. I thought you wanted this to be over."
"I didn't see much of you guys about, you know at the social events and such."
"I don't intend to shift my life to some great degree. Mostly because you encompass a very large part of my life rendering that unnecessary and I am grateful for that. I need to keep busy, I need my mind to be active I need to be presented with a puzzle, a chase, a quarry, a hunt. That being said," He began as he brought my hand down to his cock which I could feel, hard and erect through his trousers. "Do I feel bored to you?"
"Those backup bottles got downed pretty quickly though didn't they?" She continued.
He signed it, Love, “Duck”. Now better know as Major James Sholto. You never asked but Sholto means “Teal Duck” in Gaelic. I couldn’t very well go around asking people to call me Teal, could I?”
"I rang him before I rang you. He's keen on the idea, he said to bring her over and it sounds delightful. Those were his exact words; It sounds delightful."
"John, Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing?"
"We talked last night." John offered in return. "I agreed to move back home to Baker Street when my 90 days are up."
"I forget, you know?" John said. "That there's beauty like this. I wish I knew what this lake was called. Will you take a few pictures? I don't have my phone and I'd like to have something to remember this all by."
The light from the phone made it hard to see in the dark but he could make out Sherlock's silhouette. It looked as though he might have been carrying something in his hands but by the time he got close enough for John to see him properly, he knew that wasn't so.
"Shit..."
"I...hadn't..."
"I'd like that, Johnny."
John watched as Sherlock's head turned to him and he saw his eyes catch what little light was coming in the room.
He wasn't sure how to approach them, how to enter their group and thankfully they all came to him.
"Fuck off, it is not." He laughed.
"Never mind that, that's a boring story. Now, what's the word of the day, dear? Do you remember?"
"Hello John, Hello Sherlock. It's nice to see you both together again."
They were quiet for most of the rest of the evening. Not upset or unnerved but, as far as John felt, the sort of quiet that comes when you can be with someone and not feel forced to speak. When the silence is it's own comfort because it's something you share. Words are unnecessary, redundant. Because everything is alright.
Depression was an intruder that tried every door, every window, every lock, every single day of his life. He'd come into the kitchen and it was there, sitting at the table. He'd enter the loo and feel this crushing weight on his chest. He'd walk into their bedroom and suddenly barely have the energy to crawl into bed.
“I know it is, love. Enjoy it.” He said before returning to his work.
Eventually, despite both Sherlock and John's protests Mrs. Hudson efficiently took to clean up and not long after the place was back as it had been.
"I think she's tired." Sherlock said quietly as he headed with her toward the bedroom. "I'll just put her down."
He leaned his head back against the seat breathing heavily.
"Is it true?" She asked excitedly.
"Goodbye, my dear John."
"Ah yes, and you passed your time by drinking and fucking everything that looked at you sideways. Oh, sorry, every
"I'll keep you right." He said.
"My choice?"
"And I've only ever felt this way about one man." He continued.
The paparazzi scuttled aside as cameras clicked and flashed. A crowd had gathered round but all John wanted now was to get into the cab and get home.
"John..." Sherlock began and there was no mistaking that tone. Sherlock thought he was going to deny it, deny it ever happened. It was just this side of heartbroken. He didn't think for a moment it had been something romantic to his friend, that would be silly. Sherlock didn't do romance. But it had been a moment, an important and private moment between them and it meant something, even if John still didn't understand his impetus.
But I really think...alright, I really
"As recently as an hour ago."
"No, John. I'm shaking because I'm nervous."
"Bloody hell!" Sherlock swore and I put my hand to his mouth to silence him. It wasn't as though I wasn't thinking quite uncharitable thoughts myself. But we didn't want her to hear.
"This is how you always looked to me." He replied.
"Stop talking." John said quietly.
He lay there for a minute just breathing. Finally, he stood and turned on her faucet, cupping his hand under the flow of water to rinse his mouth.
"Hang on, a minute," John said softly. "How did you find me? Mycroft wouldn't have known and I didn't tell Duck."
And he didn’t, not for awhile, not for minutes on end. Not until he started chuckling gently against Sherlock's lips as he recalled something and then rushed to soothe him before his boyfriend got the wrong impression.
"Hot/Cold sweats?"
I felt strange. Not knowing my place, if I should stay or not, if he wanted me to stay.
"Brilliant."
"Ok, what's going on?"
"Mummy liked to call them chambers." He said.
"Course I meant it. I'm just having you on." He said dully.
"Mmmhmm."
He took a deep breath.
Sherlock felt it too.
Begs the question, did I care before and just not admit it to myself?
Sherlock made a soft sort of strangled noise in his throat and began to work his hand faster.
"Always?"
"Yes...I had the most erotic dreams." He admitted.
"How did it feel to see John again today, it's the first time in several months."
"No." John said. "That's not what happened."
The world grayed, then pinpointed and just before it blackened for what he assumed was for good, he did have a final thought.
That incredible and familiar warm feeling in the pit of his stomach was growing with each stroke of Sherlock's cock. His own cock was already leaking wildly onto his belly, hard and firmly and pressed between them. The friction felt good, the way Sherlock was moving his body felt good, the soft mattress and the smooth sheets and the breeze from the open window felt good. Everything around him and the warmth growing within him and the steady, lovely gaze from Sherlock's coolish-greenish-blue eyes felt better than good. And finally, he was there, right there even sooner than he expected.
"Th-thank you." He said with surprise before starting to dial the number.
"What was that?" John asked, trying to play dumb, something that always raised the ire of the detective. They were both staring at their laptop's, hard at work and he hoped Sherlock might be so engrossed he'd forgotten he even asked the question.
When they'd covered everything on the form, Dr. Vikram, who'd been nothing but accommodating all while treating John as both a patient and an equal asked if he had anything further.
"Yeah, as I understand it and can accept it now, yes, I was." He turned to Sherlock and was surprised to see unmasked jealousy there. He wouldn't have thought it possible. But then he recalled something Mary had said on their honeymoon.
“Can’t go any deeper, I’m afraid, love.” He said before kissing him. “You ok?”
Those things were dirty talk and John had discovered the posh boy,
"Mary" had been there, through it all, encouraging him to stay, to speak and he had. He had cajoled his friend and he had confessed like a guilty penitent to the hallucination of his dead wife.
"When I was presented with the gift of treatment I didn't want it. I wanted to finish what I had started. When I did accept it was grudgingly, angrily. And before I could be picked up to be brought here I found the nearest off license because there was no way I was going to enter rehab and not be pissed."
"You look very good, very healthy, in case I hadn't said it before I'm saying it now."
“Yes, ...sir.” He said emphatically
I should like it if you never went away again.
"She won't even know me, it's been so long but I'd like to maybe get to know her."
Patrick nodded but didn't smile.
I bridged over him, kissing his lips, pressing my form against his. I wanted to take time to explore this completely new body, all square jaw and muscles and broad shoulders. It was a shame and a pity to tear myself away from his lips but I did so just the same. I planted kisses along his jawline then down the pale column of his throat marking him as he'd done me. He groaned a little, clearly pleased with what I was doing and encouraging me to go on.
He raised his head looking at me devilishly giving one last swirl to the head of my cock.
"I thought you would be my partner!" He shouted.
There was flint at the end of those words and John wondered if they'd spark into a fire.
"Easy as pie." He said holding the tweezers unsteadily in his hand. "Sherlock...?"
"So, what happens? Why does it stop?"
She wasn't. So he didn't.
Sherlock made a small noise, a whimper that caused John to press a bit harder and in a teasing, testing way slip his tongue into his mouth. He felt his friend react with surprise but regroup quickly.
It wasn't the first time she'd said it and like all the other times he promised he'd mention it to Sherlock knowing full well he had no intention of doing so.
"Yeah, not much longer now." He said leaning back against the steps and setting his food aside. He wasn't really hungry but he did crave the company.
"I believe you meant to say all you wanted to say last when we last spoke. You meant for all us of to go about our day today not wondering where you were because you have strategically removed yourself from all of our lives. You meant for me to call this evening and get no reply. To call again and still get no answer. Then to rush over, see that ghastly note, break your door down and find your corpse, rigor mortis already well set in, some 20+ hours in, I imagine. That was your intention,
He wanted to feel that hand twitch. For there to be some sort of acknowledgment but there was nothing.
"Hello, John." They intoned.
In the backseat of the SUV, they sat on either side, still holding hands, finger intertwined together. They didn't talk much but it was a comfortable silence. Sherlock seemed to sense that John was in a contemplative mood and perhaps he was as well. John stole a glance at him occasionally in the car, on the plane and then in the car that would take them home. Each time he looked at him he smiled and when Sherlock caught him looking a brights smile lit up his face in return and he squeezed his hand. It was late evening by the time they arrived back in London and as they neared Baker Street John felt his heart rate shoot up.
John agreed and after slowly pulling out he tugged the pillow from underneath Sherlock so he could lie more comfortably.
"Are you giving me notes?"
"I asked if there was anything I could do." The detective had finally glanced up from his screen.
"Hmm?"
"What do you mean?"
Days and nights also ticked by slowly, painfully, steadily, like the beat of a leaky faucet tap.
John glanced at his friend.
Just to make sure.
"That's quite a bit going on. Quite a bit that's emotional."
He chose B and moved on.
John usually had his sessions in their shared bedroom or his old bedroom, laptop balanced on his thighs, earbuds firmly lodged. He never worried about Sherlock listening in, it just wasn't his nature. Still, their days of joint therapy, no matter how brief felt far behind them and for reasons he couldn't express at the moment, he was wary to repeat them.
It was the direct injection of the guitar signal into the mixing console and the fuzz pedal in The Beatles,
"Were
Those tears he thought he'd battled back in the kitchen were starting to rally.
"Thank you and life. Life got into me, John."
"Who John?"
“Did you ever speak to your father once you joined the military?”
"IQ test results before the age of 4 are historically unreliable. Absolutely useless. She should be at least 6."
And yet here Sherlock was, lying against him.
"So do I."
John relaxed in his seat as he and his friend began their pleasantries.
"Aye, Captain."
Sherlock glanced up at him and raised an eyebrow before extending his tongue and swiping it across John's fingertip.
angry that I can't have one drink every now and then."
And I am very sorry for the havoc and madness my alcoholism brought into your life and I ask for your forgiveness. I accept the responsibility for my actions including the fact that I may have lost the privilege of having you in my life. If there's anything I can do, anything to repay all that you've so selflessly given I would be more than happy to do so. On the other hand, if you'd rather I just stay away, I can do that too.
I bloody well nearly left the Hi off this one because I am a step away from wanting you to see it. You would think this is about the lies. The awful, thoughtless, cruel lies. You would think this is about letting me believe you were dead.
Mary; warm and bright and smiling. Encouraging. So encouraging.
"So when you arrived here is when they started back up?"
He thought about stopping.
"I never really thought about it that way." He said. "I wanted to serve my country."
He wasn't sure how even this could feel miraculous but it did and he wasn't even fully in yet. He wanted to plunge inside but he wouldn't dream of it. He took his time especially as he met with the same resistance again.
"Yes, as he never failed to remind me."
Maybe I am still a bit drunk.
"Thank you."
"It's a movie. And now as I have been promoted from best friend to boyfriend I can force you to watch things I deem important. And next on the agenda is
"Yeah! That's it. Hypnic jerk, I feel like just as I'm starting to relax a hypnic jerk occurs. And the only way to fight it off is to focus on you and not me."
"Um, yes, that was, I believe our last truly honest time with each other. There were moments of honesty over the months that followed but as time went on he closed more and more of himself off. After that it was just deception after deception."
With a bit of effort as it battled against the packed snow, the SUV pulled up to the building, idling in front. His iPod had abruptly died, due to the temperature or a faulty battery he wasn't sure but as he shoveled John heard the driver get out and circle round to open the door for the passenger in the back.
"Sounds like a smart guy." He said with a smile that hadn't left his face all evening.
"Mike put his neck out for you. He talked you up and he said you'd put all that trouble behind you. But it doesn't seem as though that's true. We can't have you seeing patients in this condition, mate. I'm afraid I'm going to have to let you go."
Sherlock smiled and John positioned himself just outside of his boyfriend's entrance.
Sherlock's hands moved to his waist but John could immediately tell it was less sexy and more appraising.
I can't put into words the amount of relief I felt when he kissed me with just as much passion as the first kiss. After a bit he slowly withdrew from me, pulled off the condom, knotted it and tossed it in the bin.
It was a pleasant memory and it still made John's cheeks flush even now as he waited inside Boots.
None of that made much sense to John but he knew that Sherlock, unless it was for a case (...apparently up to and including making a woman orgasm
Their positions during the night hadn't changed and in fact, his friend was still there heavily at his back.
"You wouldn't have lost me."
"And what was wrong with that?"
"It is a very lovely. It'll fit in nicely with the cocks you have displayed on the sill." His father insisted.
Sherlock grabbed his hand and started to quite merrily pull him toward the street.
"I agree. Speaking of which...not looking forward to you leaving tomorrow. I only get my phone at night but may I text you?"
Authors Note: Well...here we are, at the end of the road. I may...**may** do a soft, short little epilogue. But I'm not quite sure. In any case, this is essentially the definitive end of the story and I consider it 99.9% complete. :)
Like I said it's just me and Harry and we've never been close. So when I decided to propose to Mary, when I wanted to share that joy with family I came to see you. After inexcusable years of neglect, I came to see you.
"Yes, please." He said nodding emphatically.
When they finally broke apart it was only to quickly make dinner and retire to the sofa. Harry had said time and time again that Rosie could sleep through an armed robbery and a five-alarm fire but they kept quiet anyway. For John, it was worry about waking the baby but also an excuse. He loved this quiet time with Sherlock. Eating soup on the couch, limbs entwined, speaking barely above a whisper just because it was nice, the peace of it all was nice. Once they were done John picked up one of the novels they were working their way through and pulling Sherlock between his legs, his head resting on his chest he started to read.
"It would be my honor."
of Victor Trevor and then some years later the onset of puberty.
"I know you would. And I will. I intend to put that cock of your through its paces. But it'll do us no good unless you know what you like and want first. Stop stalling and get to work."
On the cab ride home his mobile began to buzz and removing it from his pocket he saw it was his sister.
"It's a cross to bear. But actually, I do have something I'd like to do today."
"I will, John. All my love."
"A night in then?" He asked with painful nonchalance.
"Is that what you found?" She asked with a raise of her brow. "Not always. Erus is harsh but fair. She sweeps away what needs sweeping.
Which is precisely what I've done. Read them all front to back.
Eventually, people began to thank them for having them over and make their exits.
But as surprising as Harry's presence was his eyes were riveted to Rosie.
"I'm fine, really. I got everything on your list-"
John walked away leaving the other man slightly agog.
"Sure there is." John said sliding his arm around his waist.
"That's Orion's Belt." James said pointing up. "That's about the only constellation I know."
"Because I'm the only dead person you trust. You've only ever truly trusted three people, John. Me, Sherlock and Sholto. You have kept your life very, very bare. Spartan, I'd call it. Never too many possessions or roots or obligations. You dreaded having coffee with Mike Stamford that day. You play things close to the vest and you live like you are bivouacking. Sherlock and I let you persist in this fantasy that you were subconsciously drawn to us but it's not true. My life was littered with hints that I wasn't giving you the full story."
Bored and sleepy. Just like he liked them. Perfect.
Oh God, but this was just what he wanted and needed. He wasn't keeping track of time exactly but he knew how long an album was and then another. The gloves were thick and at this point, his hands were about the only things on his body that remained warm. The legs of his sweatpants had darkened due to the wetness of the snow. His hair had still been damp when he'd come outside and now, despite a hood, he could feel that it was stiff and frozen. His arms were starting to burn from the effort, every few shovel fulls the winds would kick up and rip the air out of his lungs. He didn't know how much longer he could go on but he was making headway and didn't want to stop. Everything was numb and painful and alive and he wanted to scream and beat his chest and work and work and work until he had dug his way all down the side of the mountain, preferably all the way to a pub. His face felt numb and inflamed but still, he kept on.
"What about it?"
The conversation stopped. They were approaching the checkout lane and things had to slide back into reality.
“Who do you belong to?” He asked again emphasizing every word.
"What am I going to say? I'm not going to say anything."
“Earlier, during the “argument”, your voice was very convincingly elevated...when you demanded that I do something, make a move. I thought I detected real anger there. Was I right?”
John frowned. Even in his groggy state, he realized he had never heard Sherlock take such a conciliatory tone with his brother.
He was tired of talking about it, tired of thinking about it.
"You sound angry."
I hope you guys like it and thanks so much for sticking with me. Not much longer to go now. I would love to get this all done before 2018 starts...but we'll see.
"Was it just the heroin this time or are you on coke too?"
"Look who's using filthy euphemisms." John felt the unmistakable sensation of Sherlock's erection poking at him.
Do you know what I mean? Do you know what I mean?
"Do you really think people will care? I mean, I saw the red tops this morning at Tesco. There are much more salacious stories going on than a second fiddle returning from a dry out."
And I couldn't do it with you there.
"Then indulge me." He whispered into his hair.
I was hard too and as he instinctively opened his legs wider I instinctively started to move against him. Grinding our bodies together in an unsatisfying yet
"Let's see, points of interest. Four bedrooms, one Master. Two baths, one family the other private ensuite just off the master. It's been thoroughly redone in recent years so everything is quite modern, new plumbing, electrics, etc. Ground floor, first floor. Private drive, as you could see. There's a terrace you can access in the master. There's also a detached guest house or I suppose it could serve as an office as well. A garage fit for two cars. And an apiary in the garden out back."
"Because I lied to her."
"Before we end for today, how do you feel about Family Weekend? People should start arriving tomorrow around mid-morning."
"What is?"
"So considerate. I do have a small list if you don't mind."
John saw Sherlock perk up almost imperceptibly. Of course, of
"No, no thank you. Please, don't let me keep you up."
This is new depths even for me.
Let's see where it takes us, eh? You seem to think it goes deeper.
John looked at the text again.
"And what were they?"
"John, Neurofeedback?"
These were the times he tried his best to apply what he'd learned and ignored, or purposefully forgotten at The Location and what he was still learning now.
"John?" Apparently, Sherlock had stopped his earlier torrent of words but John hadn't noticed.
"You are rapidly approaching the point where you cannot pull out of this."
"Every day, I see that." He said gesturing at his left hand. "Every time I hold your hand, I feel it. Every time you touch me, it's there. This has nothing to do with Mary. I loved Mary. I grieved Mary. She was one of the few people I counted as a friend and a dear one at that. I still rend myself apart for my fault in her death. But I have tried to move forward, with you, always forward. But every time I take your hand that is between us."
"It's called "John"."
That was enough.
"All of that is music to my ears."
This seems like good news. #SherlockHolmes #John
He couldn't let morning chores slide, however. He
He was drunk. Absolutely fucking munted but if he was stumbling or slurring or veering he was hardly aware of it. He walked and spoke slowly but with purpose and figured he was hiding it all well enough. The truth was he didn't care. It didn't matter what they saw or didn't see. All that mattered was getting this over with and done right.
"John, you're such a cynic. Maybe I was just going to say; well done you. Congratulations and I'm glad you're happy."
meant Irene. That was why he'd never said her name. For a myriad of reasons it shouldn't be Irene, not the least of which being, she was a lesbian. And though he wouldn't presume to know what was best for Sherlock he would prefer he be involved with someone a bit less likely to be targeted by a terror cell or cause an international incident. Also, actually being interested in men might be helpful.
Sherlock stopped his movements and John watched as his hands gripped the edge on the countertop, his shoulders hunching in the process.
Had they been a normal family he might have sought out his brother for answers and help. He knew Mycroft would know. Mycroft, for better or worse, knew everything. But it would be a breach of Sherlock's privacy to ask. Plus, he didn't want to have that conversation with the elder Holmes.
"I can give you a ride." Greg offered and his voice sounded strangled and frankly like he'd rather do anything but.
For a moment everything, absolutely everything was forgotten and he only stared at him. Sherlock looked pale, there were circles under his eyes. He was still dressed impeccably as always in those finely tailored clothes that John never actually saw him take to get tailored. He never saw him buy them as a matter of fact. But everything else about him looked faded, dry, tired.
“Do you think it’s your nature to want to take care of people, John?”
"Alright, so you did know what I was going to say." He sighed.
"It was the time of my life." Sherlock replied with painful earnestness. "Better than I'd even dreamed. But you didn't have an...you didn't come."
"You can keep beating it but I don't think it's going to talk." He quipped.
Sherlock took the phone, popped off the back cover and placed something small inside.
"But it's
"Have I ever told you that you have Orion's Belt on your neck. Three freckles. Right here and here and here." He said punctuating each "here" with a kiss. Sherlock sighed pleasantly, his body growing a bit heavier against John. "I have always wanted to kiss you just here."
"Thank you for dealing with all this. We um...keep unearthing skeletons of mine, don't we."
"Of course we can. But this time I'm the one who gets to flirt."
James shrugged before pointing his second cigarette of the evening skyward.
"I know, it's to make it a bit easier in the long run. We need to stretch you out just a bit. Get you accustomed to the sensation. And you're going to need to breathe through this, mate."
"I did what I thought was right. You may want an apology from me but I'm afraid I've none to give. What I did, I'd do again. And now you have your answer."
"Desperately."
"What are you going to do?"
What a lovely no it turned out to be.
Grabbing a bar of soap he did a hasty cleanup, stepped out, toweled off and slipping back into his t-shirt and shorts tiptoed back to bed. He slid under the covers and lay as still as possible listening for Sherlock's breathing.
"You knew what today was. You knew this would happen that's why you reminded me I had your number." He said.
"Goodnight, Sherlock."
"I'm a man of my word too. If you can make me believe you would be better off dead then off you pop with my blessing."
"Well, if you're ready to go, I think we're all done."
"As you well know, intellect, at least the way we tend to exercise it as a family is not very...cuddly. What I am trying to tell you is they are just like me, just like Mycroft. You cannot get close to my parents. They are their own unit. They have their own symbiosis and they are a decidedly closed system." He said succinctly.
"Why does this issue always arise between us?" He asked with a shake of his head.
"I'm not that guy, the one who gushes and goes overboard about how happy he is and how everything is rainbows and roses and how he wakes up every morning in delighted, grateful, disbelief at his fortune. I'm not going to be the guy who regales you with details about how sometimes he feels like pinching himself everytime he walks by just to know this is real. So, as I am absolutely not that guy I'm just going to sit back, steeple my fingers and say; Cool. Things are cool."
"I'm sorry too. I mean for you, what you've been through, I'm sorry."
"Yeah, absolutely." He said without hesitation.
"Yes, love, I get it." John teased. "I was a dunce."
Sherlock looked unsure for only a moment before he nodded in reply. Elated, John pulled the blankets mostly away, stopping just at Sherlock's knees so that when he raised them his lower half was still a bit in shadow. Sherlock planted his feet against the mattress, raising up and using the leverage to remove the trousers. His cock sprang free, bobbing hard, delicious and John could just make out that it was darkened near the head with arousal.
"I never really thought about the number, you know?"
John frowned and knocked again.
"I don't want to join some little family parade where we all march off and I play a recital with my mute, murderous sister. Do you think I feel as though I have a choice? No, I know what you think. You think I'm a weak little boy peeking out from behind his mother's skirts ready to do her bidding. You think I'm a coward."
Neither of them, it seemed, could ever look at the other during these sessions.
"Yes, that's right. And you recall Sebastian Wilkes?"
Given their walk and their breakfast which only consisted of coffee John was famished and eager to sample whatever fare the Wotton House had to offer. He wasn't disappointed as they dined on Truffle Orzi Croquette for Starters, Duck with Pearl Barley, Mushroom and Peach for a Main and John opted for chips on the side which they shared. It was a glorious meal in a lovely location. They took a brief tour, John snapping pictures the whole time. Sherlock was indulgent, lovely and serene, everything John worried he might not be able to manage with such a long holiday hanging over his head. But damned if he didn't seem to be enjoying himself.
But he didn't say anything. Instead, he just pushed food around on his plate like Rosie might.
times
His anniversary came and went. "Mary" had long since gone mute, as she promised, and then vanished entirely. He tried to summon her up on the 18th of May. He apologized and pleaded but it seemed as if she were gone for good and he used it as a reason and excuse to drink himself into oblivion.
At the moment he needed to pull away just to take in a breath.
The gasps had now been replaced by the sound of mobiles snapping pictures and it only increased as Sherlock drew him in for a kiss. John smiled against his lips, kissing him back happily, deeply.
"Now," John began as he sat on the edge of the bed. "Show me where it hurts."
I'm just trying to make sense of my life these days and I know so are you. Having the remodel of the flat take over so many of our waking moments has been incredibly helpful. I needed something all consuming and I think so did you.
"Nothing at all. I just find it funny." At that moment Mycroft's mobile buzzed and he took it out to glance at it. "I'm afraid I'll need to cut this shorter than I would like. Duty calls. The car outside will take you back I've called another."
Sherlock was on his knees, wrestling the piece of furniture into submission and John seated himself on the floor cross-legged drawing the bags closer. He pulled out a white fleece blanket with green and blue stars and another that was orange with bees on it. There were a few children's books and a walking toy in the shape of a butterfly.
Their lips were smashed together in a kiss as he started to come, a groan bridging into a whimper as the feeling pulled him under. His rhythmic clenching around Sherlock's cock eventually dragged the other man along with him, his repetition of John's name mostly muffled and swallowed by their mouths.
"Want some breakfast?" John asked slipping both his hands in the morning mess that was Sherlock's hair. He let his nails graze his scalp, rubbing, massaging and sometimes tugging his curls gently. The response was immediate. Sherlock's blinks became slower and John was sure he was nearly on the verge of purring with contentment.
was not sitting well. Not at all.
. But still they came. Like ants marching in a row, one by one they came to "help".
"Do you think if Mary hadn't died that you might have felt like mending fences with her on your own?"
"There's no need to get angry," Sherlock said and John could hear the frown in his voice.
"Just ask." He said tapping his fingers on the arm of the chair.
"Absolutely." John replied.
But it wasn't a moment. It was actually a few moments before John heard the bed creak and a few moments after that he heard a slight rustle.
"John?"
"I think in AA our reach should exceed our grasp. This isn't to say we should be trying for the impossible or that we should ignore the daily steps and successes. But I'm a believer that this shouldn't simply be about rebuilding our lives. Sobriety should be about finding new purpose and new meaning in addition to the old. Alcoholism and addiction barrelled through and we allowed and helped it to ravage our lives. If our lives were, metaphorically, a self-contained little house, then this was a storm that blew through and leveled it to the ground. So, what do we do? We start to rebuild. And that's good. That's a big, hard job and it is to be admired and applauded, but, this is also a time to consider, do we want something more? Because if there is one benefit, one dark joy to be found in destruction it is that we can set out sights on constructing something new. So, do you have a new purpose? A new meaning? Is there something you'd like to try, something you'd like to do or learn or see? I don't want you to think in terms of big or small. And I don't want you to think in terms of something necessarily material. Now, I'm not saying a trip around the world wouldn't do everyone some good but I live in the real world, right here on this planet where we all have money problems and families issues and obligations. So, let's not focus on things like that. Let's focus on internal things, day to day things. Things that help to lift our spirit. Things that drive out the darkness. What's your new purpose? What's your new meaning?"
"Sherlock, look at you." Harry said affectionately and then, to John's surprise but apparently not Sherlock's, she reached out and touched his cheek. "You're practically glowing. I knew you'd get your color back once he returned. You look about ten years younger. But then John did say in his blog post that you looked like a 12 year old."
hand.!
"Perhaps a hallucinogenic isn't the best gift from one recovering addict to another but it's not for now. Look at the sticker on the back."
"That I did, my good doctor." he said raising his hand to signal a cab.
"Seriously? You took a look at the state of my marriage and my love life in general and you thought I could be...what? Your romantic sherpa?"
John returned to his laptop, ignoring his boyfriend and opened the email had been just about to dive into before.
I noticed he had shaved and his hair was looking much less unruly than it had been the night before. He was in his dressing gown a t-shirt and pajama trousers. For all intents and purposes, back to business, back to normal.
"What?" John squinted, not sure he’d read his lips right.
"No one confuses us with the philosopher."
John summoned his courage and raised his head to meet his mates eyes.
"Eh?" The driver asked.
He had had lots of sex. Varied sex. In several combinations and no shortage of positions. He'd had good orgasms and great orgasms. He'd had the kind that made your leg twitch, the kind that likely caused you to make a face you'd be really embarrassed of later. He'd had the kind that almost immediately put him to sleep afterward. He'd had the kind that made him shout and swear and keen and plead. He had been touched in just about every way he thought possible but had never, not
"Yeah, sure, why not turn a B&E into a nice sit-down?"
"I would not."
"What is?" His partner asked.
"If there's one thing you're familiar with it's terrible ideas." Sherlock replied but there was mischief in his eyes.
John laughed.
It's very late or very early. And I can hear Bach in my dreams.
while there was still a chance. Because that chance doesn’t last forever. If I wasn't careful it could be gone before I knew it."
"Yeah, um, hi, I'm John." He said before clearing his throat.
Some hours later a single tweet.
But there were already tears in his eyes.
I'm both ready and not at all ready.
"It's...
"That never happened." She insisted calmly but she wouldn't meet his eyes.
They didn't. But that was ok.
"Did what was best for her. What was best for the both of us. That's my job, isn't it?"
"Also in the-"
"Quite right. I need to get going. Will you be alright alone?"
"Johnny, I swear I didn't mean anything by what I said." Harry said softly and while he couldn’t hear it, perhaps regretfully.
"John, listen to me. Listen and look at me. Look me in the eye." She said calmly using what they had both called her "nurse voice". "You're crashing, right now, love. Your body chemistry is so out of whack it doesn't know up from down and you are crashing very hard. That's why these feelings are so strong right now. You know about the effects of hydrocodone and how it can nudge suicidal ideation, you know that. These feelings are not to be trusted. Do you hear me?"
"The list will be added to as need be as I imagine so will yours."
." He said after a moment.
"Drink some water. I know you're dehydrated. I'm going to go change as well."
But what truly wasn't good, not in the least was the fact that Sherlock didn't make a sound. Not so much as a word, though she was giving him every opportunity. Silent and preoccupied he barely even acknowledged the conversation and John felt his patience and his pain meds wearing thin. It wasn't even so much that he needed him to out himself in that moment. But to just say something. To draw the conversation in another direction. To provide some interference, some cover.
46, John, we're up to
He was speaking a mile a minute, his brain working almost a bit too fast for his mouth. As for me, I was out of words and instead I slammed my fist against the wall by his head as a warning. A warning for what I didn't know yet.
"I want you to be aware of something. It's about the language that you use. Clara = Saintly. Harry = Hellish. You do the same when you're speaking about yourself or Mary or your father. It's an incredibly binary speech pattern."
"Never. From what I can glean she is never even tempted. No, she sought to change the world through her children."
"I'm sorry I worried you. I wound up worrying a lot of people. I felt pretty touch and go there for awhile myself but right now, the ground I'm standing on feels kind of solid."
"Yeah, your good behavior points. I thought maybe you were saving them."
"Thanks." I replied, thrusting a hand into his hair, wanting to get a grip on those curls, those damned lovely romantic curls. I gave them a tug which he seemed to enjoy. In return he started to suck and kiss my neck, hard enough for me to know it was definitely going to leave a mark.
With each relaxing inhale and exhale the tension left his body until finally Sherlock was fully inside him.
He met with a series of doctors and answered their questions as calmly and professionally as possible. He knew he needed to do this if he was going to be taken seriously. He addressed them as colleagues. He explained his recent troubles, he admitted to a dependency on alcohol and swore that he was researching treatment methods. He explained that his friend, Miss Hooper in her concern for his safety has seen his weapon as far more than it was. He presented himself as what he was a medical doctor, veteran, a grieving widower, a father trying to piece his life back together. Sad, yes, well of course, but not someone who was in any way in the throes of incapacitating depression or harboring suicidal thoughts.
Though the memory of what he'd heard was something he tried desperately to block out, "Mary" was right. Sherlock knew. Sometimes John went back and forth on this, believing beyond a shadow of a doubt that he absolutely
After dessert and coffee, John professed to being tired from the long car trip and asked to be excused.
"I can slow down." He said and I nodded though I didn't know how he could go much slower. And yet he did. I didn't know how he could hold back his own orgasm. But he was.
"You like an outside force and outside idea to rage against, to fight against. One of the reasons you're having so many problems right now is because everything is internal. You've never battled that well, John." She said looking at him earnestly. "That's why you pick fights."
"Rosie," He said kneeling down. "How would like to stay home with Daddy and Papa all day and learn with us?"
John put his hand atop Sherlock's which rested on his chest, his heart beating evenly beneath.
"No, not at all. In fact, I found him quite...free. The time we spent in bed, not just the kissing and touching but the talking...it was one of the closest experiences we'd ever had. I don't know what I'm allowed to tell you." John said faltering. Something about continuing this without Sherlock present seemed indecent and unfair.
always been like this. This is who they were at their core, they only had to build on it.
"I missed you." She said. "I missed you so much."
But...
"Alright, I'm not sure you're in the right mindset for us to continue today so I'm going to let you go, but give you an assignment. I want you to write a letter that you're going to post to Sherlock."
"Good, that's quite good."
"Are you close?" He asked me, his words nearly muffled against my neck.
"I beg pardon?"
"It's implied, and then explicitly stated in the John Watson relationship fine print."
I ever want to repeat."
"No, I'd rather not. Please go on."
"Why have you and your sister never gotten on?"
His hips still moved erratically against me as we both shuddered against each other through a few final tremors. When it was over he was still atop me, both of us panting, here in the very real aftermath of what we'd done. I wasn't sure what was going to happen next, I was dreading it actually.
"Sex, excellent question. So trust is something you'll likely have to get back in
"Let's go with a picture." He said leaning forward. Sherlock took out his phone and John raised his hand in a wave and smiled as he snapped.
Sherlock was likely on the verge of saying something but a knock on the door diverted his attention.
There were other lies too. There were likely as many different kinds of lies as there were people on the planet.
"Who were you talking to on the phone just now?"
may have a hard time trusting them. There may have been ideas or buried facts or truths that have come up for you in your time here and you may be angry with them. You may not trust them or their motives. This can bring things to a standstill but it doesn't have to. Time for some hard truths. Not all relationships are meant to work, not all marriages are meant to stick, not all friendships are meant to last. But I encourage you to prioritize a return to trust, a new relationship, a new pact built on an old one. Even if it doesn't work, if you want it to work you still have to try."
Sherlock resumed his pace, faster now, making a beeline for his partner."John?...John...what.."
"Just one thing, I guess. This meeting, I'm worried I'll have no idea what to say."
"Yeah but..." He felt flustered but he also wanted to go on.
"I do indeed. I need you. Sometimes it hurts so bloody bad I can barely stand it."
"It's not as simple as she made it sound. I was also a writer during the day. But yeah, at night, my primary income was just running errands and occasionally working as a heavy."
Sherlock finally did as he was told, wrapping his hand around his cock and starting to stroke.
But to his shame, to his horror, he was feeling less and less about his daughter.
His eyes drooped, then shut but he didn't know he was sleeping until he was well into the dream.
"I know you've probably heard this in your meetings already but especially given your history I want to caution against jumping into a sexual relationship too soon."
"Oh...oh, wow, um...tonight, you said?"
"I can set it up as soon as you're ready. You have a doctor? I'd check you out myself if you like but they'd probably rather it was a stranger."
As Sherlock's voice started to climb higher John knew he was nearing his release and more than anything he wanted to see it, wrap his mouth around him and-
"My face. My dad had my face. And if this is the part of the conversation where you tell me I need to forgive him so I can move on and get better I think we've hit a wall. I'm not going to forgive him. I'm glad he's dead. Some things you do in life...they're beyond forgiveness."
John nodded slowly. That...now that made more sense. He should have realized.
I could feel some of the lube had messily spread to my thighs and slipping my hand between us I managed to coat my middle finger. Pulling my hand back I returned it to his arse, this time parting his cheeks and making the same slow circling motion against his hole as he had done for me.
"Always." Sherlock said quietly.
"Good. So...I think we should have sex. I assumed you would want to penetrate or be the top, as I believed it's referred to. However, as you also mentioned the purchase of Fleet's I may have misjudged."
"It's empty?" She asked.
No hat, no gloves, ill prepared for this weather.
"That was...mmm... incredible. John...mmmm...that was..." He couldn't seem to space out his kisses or his words evenly and John smiled as accepted and gave kisses in return. "I feel so...so..."
John hadn't thought much about it really. It was natural and practical. After Mary's death, after he finally began to find purchase on solid emotional ground, after Rosie had gotten a little older he tentatively stepped a foot into the dating world and then both feet. But nothing ever stuck. No woman ever rooted herself in his heart. Nothing seemed to flower there anymore. It was fun, going out, having a few, hopping into a new bed for a night. But it never got serious. He never stayed. And when they pressed for more he pulled away. For the most part, Sherlock still had his evenings, his mornings, his afternoons and everything in-between.
We'll talk about sponsorship more in depth later. While it is not essential it is highly recommended and again this is about trust. Finding someone you trust who can keep you on the straight and narrow, someone you can talk to when you're considering getting that drink, getting that high. Now, I'm sure some of you may be thinking, but isn't that what my family is for, my friends, my partner?
"You do the rest. Take your time. Take however much of me you want when you want. Just go slow."
"Nearest Tesco, please." He requested and was quickly taken to a location so close he could have walked. He exited the vehicle and entered the unfamiliar yet due to its predictable layout completely familiar store. Ticking off the ingredients from the recipe permanently fixed in his mind from many a childhood breakfasts with his sister he went from aisle to aisle grabbing the items for pancakes. 45 minutes later he was back in their flat and surprised at the level of relief he felt.
"You were going to ask me to talk to my brother."
future it's too much. I feel like the breadth of it all will swallow me whole."
Oh and as always, thank you all for your kind comments. You have no idea, really, no idea what it means to me to hear how interested you are in what I wrote or how you're enjoying it or that someone recommended it to you. Seriously, you have no idea. Sometimes seeing a review on this story can brighten up a very dark day. Not a lot of things are going right for me at this point in my life. But hearing that you guys are enjoying this is definitely high on my list. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
the end of the story, obviously. And while I promised only one more chapter or maybe two, I'm already up to over 17,000+ words and I'm not finished yet. So, I made an executive decision and decided it's just becoming too unwieldy to cram it into one chapter.
. It's time to let some of it go. Stop trying to rebuild on such shaky ground. Find something new and steady and solid beneath your feet. Perhaps you need to realize
"Why else would you have a bottle of lube that was a fourth empty, Sherlock, if you didn't have a toy. You're not the only one who can make a deduction."
, Mycroft..."
"You're serious?"
told her everything.
"I don't understand. This is when I was...when I was truly losing myself. You bought the ring then. You were going to ask
It was nearly ten minutes of virtual silence, punctuated by their breathing, slow kisses and nuzzling by John and the occasional "I love you, sweetheart." before Sherlock began to cry.
He says that if anything is to change that has to change first.
"It was a bad heart valve. Those things happen rather quickly so I don't believe he suffered." Sherlock nodded but didn't say anything. "At least I hope he didn't."
"You're welcome, love. Still hungry? I picked up some biscuits on the way home."
I humbly ask for your forgiveness for my behavior this last year and I apologize from the bottom of my heart.
"No, sorry, gotta get going."
For a while, he just stared, dwelling on everything in front of him that he didn't like. Everything he wanted to erase.
found it suspect."
"That's great."
"Scared?"
"I really like the taste of you, Sherlock. And you look absolutely wrecked." He said admiringly.
Sebastian?"
"So, just to clarify. Neither you nor Sherlock experienced an erection when you were in bed. Despite the fact that you've described it as..." She paused to look back through her notes. "Intense. Draining. Passionate. Emotional. Erotic. Dizzying-"
But maybe, now...
"Anyway, he wanted me to make sure that if something ever happened to him people knew that his sobriety was intact."
The second phase of sensate meant they could touch everywhere including the genitals and that was when John discovered he enjoyed nibbling on Sherlock's nipples and that Sherlock was pretty fond of it himself. It was also when they discovered that for all the attention Sherlock liked to lavish on John's balls, it wasn't even close to how much attention he wanted to show them. John came for the second time since they'd gotten together, limp but satisfying.
"Why did you have the gun?"
"Ok, good enough for the moment. Now, day 31, let's get started."
"You look better too, James." He said before raising his can of cola for a toast. "To better days ahead."
She nodded.
Hanah sighed.
He made to get out of bed then stopped himself and put a hand to Sherlock's forehead.
Hi Sherlock,
"Honey Bee?" John asked with a smile after they settled a little.
"Passion isn't love. Even I know that. What good does passion ever do anyone? Give me that man that is not passion's slave..."
"What?" John said, the smile growing to an amused grin.
"He greeted me with surprising warmth and after a short chat, I decided I just wanted to go home. I'd had enough reunions for the day and could stand but one more. I entered Baker Street and nearly scared Mrs. Hudson to death. But after she calmed she hugged me and fed me and hugged me again. As I ate in her kitchen she went upstairs to the flat and changed the bedding and made it presentable enough for me to have a decent nights sleep. I told her it wasn't necessary. I would have been happy to sleep on the floor, but she wouldn't be persuaded. I finished eating, cleaned my plate at her insistence and then headed upstairs. I bid her goodnight and went into my bedroom to get some rest. I thought she had gone back downstairs. It was quite late and I'd promised to catch her up on everything the next day. But I suppose while I couldn't hear her, she could hear me.  I was taking off my shirt and she must have heard...heard me whimper because she did something she never does. She came into my bedroom. Didn't even knock. I was embarrassed and angry and tried to shoo her out but once she saw-"
"Sherlock, I don't need to know how much it costs." He protested.
Sherlock was stripping down in bed right at that moment.
"He said he hasn't spoken to you in months. He said he calls you and you don't respond-"
"I didn't realize I had to give you the whole 'I can't help you if you don't tell me everything' lawyer-speech, John."
"I feel...this is going to sound so fucking egotistic...I feel like they know who I am."
Without another word she stood and left the house. It was so abrupt he didn't actually know what to do.
"I love you."
John didn't know what to say except that everyone's eyes on him, especially those of his friends felt incredibly shameful at this moment.
"You can pull your trousers down a bit and cover up if it embarrasses you." He said brusquely. "Now, show me where it hurts." He said and John couldn't help but note the softness of his tone at the last bit.
With Rosie in his arms, Sherlock approached and slid his hand down his back and then around John's waist.
"No, not joking. I thought you'd get on well. I figure you'd have complementary personalities. I also figured you'd make a good couple."
The sentiment and the kiss nearly made the tears start to flow. As it was, they only rose in his eyes, burning before he blinked them away. And like that, he was back where he belonged if not deserved to be. With Sherlock, safe and happy and sound and desired.
He looked at her, really looked at her for the last time.
John opened his mouth to say something, a few things actually but the two main ones being; 'Thank you for the compliment' and "You sounds like a proud dad.'.
"Is that why you ran off and left me?" She asked.
"Sherrinford. Truncated enough?"
"I..." Sherlock started to sputter. "That is an intriguing non-sequitur."
"I'm sorry, mate."
"What position do you want me in?"
With that, he stepped out and grabbed his toothbrush and toothpaste from the cabinet.
"Fantastic. But don't get me wrong. We're not even close to being done for today."
"I was sleeping around a little. So was Duck. No one steady, I didn't really have time. I also didn't really want the hassle."
"I'm not sure, I just...lose it.. Then it becomes more..." He gasped softly. "More about getting it over with."
"You know I wanted to do this on my stag night. Nearly did. You just sitting there all beautiful and willing. I saw you open your legs for me. You felt me put my hand on your knee."
I'd take that, I'd take it gladly.
"Got fed up to the teeth with you so I took a break."
Were it not for you the entire charade couldn't have gone on as planned, could it? Someone had to write the death certificate and I imagine that someone was you. I'm sure there was more, a lot more. But I've never asked how he did it. The night he came back I told him I didn't care and I still don't. I don't care about the magic behind the scenes. Not to mention the fact I know it's driving him absolutely mad that he can't spill the beans to me and be lauded with amazement and praise. :)
"Not at all." he said with a smile.
"Oh. Oh? Really...both of us?"
"That offers an explanation for him but what about you?"
Invitation received and accepted John started groaning as loud as he'd always wanted to, calling Sherlock's name hoarsely, reverently.
"I did find a minor diversion but it was unpredictable, ill-chosen and ultimately did not end as I had hoped."
"Yes, brilliant. Kiss me, beautiful."
He felt warm, deliciously, optimistically warm. It was happening, after so long, it was happening and he didn't care if it wasn't what he was used to or what he expected he just wanted it to happen and happen now. He finally wanted to say these words to him.
There were two people in front of him; a man was talking to a sleepy-eyed looking chemist while the woman directly in before him was nervously shifting from foot to foot.
"This is going to take me to The Facility?"
"Figured I'd play it by ear once I got upstairs. Maybe not tell you at all."
but after awhile it faded. I truly hope this will too."
John's mouth dropped open in surprise. He couldn't quite believe what he was hearing and he assumed he must have heard wrong as he sat down on the king-sized bed.
He was struggling with the whole scenario and had been since they'd begun a few days prior. It felt combative, it felt like poking the hornet's nest and his mind and body rebelled against summoning these spirits so vividly.
"Could I have done, John?" He replied and there was just the hint of bitterness to his words.
Mrs. Holmes smiled indulgently before reaching for a box of cereal.
"How did she react?"
Work was busy and he was grateful. He'd always rather a day where he was rushed off his feet as opposed to one that dragged. He chose a yogurt cup for lunch and kept up on the pill schedule and the combination did go a long way in making everything slightly more bearable. By the time the workday ended he was exhausted but had the throbbing somewhat under control. That being said, he could see now why this was usually stretched over more than a single appointment.
Both men stared at him but he only laughed in return. For a moment he wasn't sure if he'd be able to stop laughing.
"You're welcome." He replied. He left the room, dashed to his own, hurried out of his clothes, hopped into bed and began masturbating furiously to what he'd just witnessed.
John had also spoken to Sholto. It wasn't the first time since he'd walked out on him at the restaurant on that fateful night. He'd made sure to write to him a lengthy and heartfelt apology in rehab and followed that up with a call when he'd gotten home. Slowly they worked on mending what John had torn apart and he wanted nothing more than for his old mate to be there with him on that day as his best man. Happily, old Duck agreed.
"Um..yes, right down to my use of the word balm."
"I do. It's the least I can do."
"So," Hanah began. "To answer your question, John, I'm going to leave it to you. We can stop here and come back tomorrow or we can push on. I have some questions I'd like to ask Sherlock."
"I don't know." He lied before adding, "Yes."
"Well, I wouldn't have been pestering you to call Irene Adler... Jesus Christ, nights of passion in High Wycombe. You must have thought I was such an arse. Does Mycroft know?"
"Yes, and you can still always call me, day or night. That wasn't a one time only thing."
"Is that something you've found to be true?"
to open it.
John let out a broken sob before grabbing Sherlock roughly and hugging him, weeping openly against his neck.
“I’d like to talk a little more about structure,” Hanah said as he sat stiffly through another therapy session.
he said.
"The story then? That's what you want? The story. Fine, here it is. You never asked a lot of questions and I liked that about you, John. You never really asked where I came from I assume because you didn't want me to delve too deeply into your life. I get that. Haven't you wondered how I could manage to have a cook and a live-in nurse and security on an army pension."
"Well, I'd rather we not just go hunting down some random woman and invite her in if it's all the same to you."
After a week off it's back to work for me today. I liked the amount of writing I was able to get done these past few days but I'll be returning to my regular output for now.
Sherlock's eyes never left him as he came through the door. Finally, John swallowed hard, dropped his hood and met his gaze properly.
I don't know how many I need to say I'm sorry but I don't think I've said it enough. You must have been so frightened to find me the way you did. I imagine it's hard to get that image out of your head.
"Well then, what were you?"
He moved lower,
"So is that a yes?"
Then, just as clear as day John heard his daughter mournfully cry out; "Sherlock!"
I texted you but didn't get a reply so my therapist suggests I reach out to you this way instead. Either it will open the lines of communication or perhaps be the start of closure. Both possibilities scare me but obviously one more than the other.
"Then when you didn't like the website I knew I had to go even farther to impress you. I thought, I have to do something grand or he'll just walk away."
"Am I?" Sherlock asked busy on his mobile. "What does that mean?"
Hanah smiled but he knew it wasn't going to end there.
"Ah, Sherlock, your odd and brilliant friend."
"I can't fail in front of him again."
One of their last exchanges had been so average. Sherlock was both trying to pick his brain as well as spark some interest. He'd taken a picture with his phone and sent it. It was of a letter opened found at a crime scene.
"Yeah?"
"I missed a few weeks here and there but I tried to stay consistent. Children need constancy."
"Stuck, stagnant, trapped, bored.
"We've nothing in." The detective managed after a moment with what appeared to be great effort.
When they were out and about, running, chasing...it abated. In fact, he barely noticed it at all compliments of adrenaline. But once the rush had subsided and they were safely back home at Baker Street, as they were now, it came back hard and fast.
"That makes me sound like a monster."
"No, that's the thing. I'd forgotten about it and by the time that I remembered...well...we had already been in very close quarters. We were already in bed together by then. But the dreams are still there. The last time I thought about it in daylight was..."
"Ok, what if he avoided penile stimulation?" She asked.
"No, none taken." He said with a smile indicating he would save his best comeback for out of Rosie's earshot.
"And you?"
"Rosie, Rosie, love, it's alright. Did you have a nightmare? I understand. I'm here, Daddy's here." He said against her ear.
Had he been so long out of Sherlock's presence that his ability to pinpoint his moods? He didn't like that idea at all.
There was nothing in his words John could deny. And so he didn't.
"Let me get you a glass of water." She said and he didn't feel quite like arguing. He sat down at her kitchen table with a thump and she placed a tall glass filled with the cool liquid in front of him. His eyes drifted across her kitchen settling momentarily on the wine rack before he wrenched his focus away. He grabbed the glass of water and took two large, gulping mouthfuls.
"This wasn't to depress you but to prepare you but it does bring me to my next point. Like addiction, depression is not just something you shake off. Being here is how we address and parse it but we don't fix it. Depression can be managed, it can be overcome but it can't be cured, per se. You will always have depressive tendencies. Now let me explain why it's a good thing that you know that. If you left here, thinking you were cured you would be incredibly upset and confused the next time feelings laid you low. You might feel increasingly negative, disappointed with yourself, doubtful of the progress you made in here and perhaps even hostile toward seeking help again. I want to arm you with the knowledge that this can and will happen and that that is not defeat. Now, when you both came in this morning you were happy-"
"Good, good. And your partner, do you feel any pressure from him regarding your performance?"
There stood Mycroft looking ever so
Ok, enough of my whining. I'm off to bed!
"I think I spoke plainly."
"Ready."
"She is?"
“What bloke?” Sherlock asked but even to his ears, it sounded unconvincing. His mind raced back to the scene at the club. John chatting. John leaning forward. John smiling. John flirting. John, apparently getting the man's number. Yes, he’d noticed that exchange. But he hadn’t told a lie. He wasn’t angry. He was
This was, however, the first time it had been about him.
"What flavor milkshake?"
John smiled softly and nodded.
"Ok."
Of course, it was all an act.
Just as he said it, just as he spoke the words he looked up to see Sherlock standing there in the doorway. Silent. Serene. Listening. For a second it broke his rhythm but then he couldn't help but smile before continuing.
And not now either.
"I told him he'd wrecked Harry's life and she was only now getting it back together."
He didn't know what he was expecting. Some sort of public scolding or flogging. Maybe they'd make him give an apologetic speech for abandoning the group way back when. Maybe they wouldn't want him back at all. He didn't exactly want to face it but he knew he had to. But in the end, nothing more had happened than the aforementioned welcome back and then the meetings had begun.
He raised his head looked at me.
"I can tell. You purchase them, take them to a tailor and no doubt say 'I want them so snug that the buttons look like they're screaming as they try and hold on'. I want them so tight that people fear if one pops they'll lose an eye."
"I'm not." He said and swallowed. No turning back now. "I am fulfilled when you're here and empty when you're gone. The last part is what I'd like to change. When this first happened I didn't know what to do or what it meant. You have this image of yourself, this list of things you think you have all sorted even if everything else is in flux. Sexuality, who you want to sleep with...who you want to make love to, it's all sorted. It's done. You never have to worry about it again. And then something like this happens. I fancy you, Sherlock. Whether I can wrap my head around that or not, it's true and I'm not going to fight it anymore. I gave up fighting it intellectually about 4 months ago. I'm ready to give up fighting it physically as well."
He was less than two days in. He'd have to go at least another three before he could rightly call himself detoxed.
"I have very recently bet my life on far more dubious and tenuous theories. So, yes, absolutely."
She laughed.
"In the event of what? A backlash? Oh, God, you don't mean a backlash at all." Suddenly it all became clear just what he was getting at. Deducing wasn't always all that fun. "You mean of me leaving you."
"Elementary."
And as the two times before Sherlock's hand danced over his skin, loosening his muscles, prying firmly at his flesh.
"John, you're far too thin. Why a stiff wind could blow you over. Weren't they feeding you there?"
"I mean, you've been hanging about the flat because you're worried about me. You haven't left, not really since I got home. It must be driving you crazy."
"No, now see you're coming dangerously close to policing my addiction and Hanah said not to do that, remember." John had replied with a sneer.
"No." I replied, though I released any hold I had on him. He could have easily bucked me off and I wouldn't have argued. I wasn't going to force him to stay where he was if he wasn't a danger to himself and I certainly wasn't going to force him to...
"I think it was impulsive. But I don't want you to think I think impulsive is a bad word. It isn't. Impulsivity can be wonderful. Do you think it was a bad idea?"
Mary and Sherlock and I live exaggerated lives. Lives that stretch the boundaries of belief. It's all too bizarre and strange and mad. And I never invited anyone else into it. It was just the business of we three, that was all. I don't expect anyone to understand. What's more, I don't need anyone to understand. I don't need anyone to cosign on my forgiveness of my wife.
"No, you don't and that's ok. You also think it was an oddly out of place thing to bring up now and it took the wind out of your sails a little. I understand that. You don't have to get it now. You just have to remember it for later. Now, last questions; Who is John Watson right now? Who does he want to be?"
Sherlock ducked his head suppressing a small smile.
‘Well, everything was only about Duck. He was the leader of it all. Tall, ridiculous head of red hair, handsome. He’d say the most inappropriate things. Could get any bird, had everyone's respect. Not a bad student either, from what I heard, but he liked to keep that under wraps. He and I were the same age but he just seemed older, wiser, more together. I think I needed that, wanted it, maybe. I think maybe I was tired of being the older brother. I wanted someone else to do it for a change.”
The sandwiches had turned hard and unappetizing and they ended up placing another takeout order. They ate and talked quietly about nothing in particular comparatively speaking. Rosie awakened, John retrieved her and sitting on the floor they all played until it was time for Harry to leave.
"I..." he started to talk but seemed unable to force the words out. He looked at the bottle accusingly. He was trying to recall if he'd had more than he remembered. Bottles did tend to get lost, overlooked. This was all wrong. He was ruining it. If he passed out now then he couldn't do it tonight. If he passed out for too long the postman was bound to see the note on the door, call the police and he'd be back in the hospital again. It was unlikely that any slick talk would get him out this time.
"No, no I'll do it." He said reaching to grab it before Sherlock could.
"I like this." He blurted out immediately regretting it.
Instead, when they got into bed at night they'd kiss, exchange I love you's and John would turn on his side and go to sleep. Or at least try to sleep.
"Thank you, John."
"No one here is going to put you through the ringer, John. People come and go, unfortunately, that's the nature of the game. Sometimes they find a meeting they like better. Sometimes they relapse. Sometimes they find religion. Sometimes they think they can do it by themselves and sometimes, mercifully they're right. Most times they're wrong. And sometimes they come back to us. I'm glad you came back to us, John."
Sherlock laughed salaciously.
It had felt so good to come so close to sampling a swift death. Not the well. That creeping, slow moving danger had felt too much like his own regular life. The steadily rising water, the inevitability of it all.
In the end, he decided to face away but even like this, he didn't feel as though he were missing anything. When he was last in this bed he was all nervous, unhappy energy. Now, he felt completely different, relaxed, decompressed.
He narrowed his eyes briefly.
"That wasn't you." Sherlock said plainly. "I said I came because of the letter and that was true. I came here to see what exactly was happening to you."
"Everything alright?" Sherlock's voice intoned from the doorway.
The hand gripping John’s arse loosened once again but the beautiful creature before him, though silent had clearly entered a completely different realm than before. He was squirming beneath him but not with discomfort, it was needy, lusty, trying to figure out what position best suited him, what he wanted.
"Mmmhmm, come to bed."
"Mmmhmm."
"It was so quiet. Never heard a sound." She stepped closer and peered at him. "John, you look awful!"
Christ, Mary. Oh God, she was gone.
Ok. There. I did the work.
"John, please." He sounded surprisingly desperate and I turned to look at him.
It wasn't all sex. Not by a long shot.
They spent the next few hours together, taking a dessert of biscuits and tea to John's room and just talking. Sherlock caught him up on all the goings on with Lestrade and Janine and Mrs. Hudson, et. al. They stayed away from anything personal, anything about the two of them. They were rung out from the session earlier and decided to tread lightly without Hanah being around. That was fine by John, he was just happy to be here with him. Happy to laugh with him and to make him laugh. Happy with the warmth he brought to the room. He tried to hide his disappointment when Sherlock rose to go. He wasn't sure if they would hug before he left.
"I was suddenly unable to concentrate. I still kept on with the work but I found that my mind was sluggish, for me, at least. There were constant intruding thoughts I couldn't control. Which is to say nothing of Mycroft, the most intruding thought of all."
Sherlock mumbled something into his shoulder that he couldn't understand.
He pulled away just for a moment, just for air. Later he would wonder how far he'd intended to go. But it didn't matter because they could both hear Molly's footsteps on the stairs.
"I realize that. And I think that's just the reason we should tackle it right now."
Though he did enjoy preening for awhile, eventually, the attention grew to be too much for Sherlock. Their phones were ringing off the hook, emails seemed to be flooding in nearly every few seconds and there was a gathering gaggle of reporters outside. So, for Sherlock, "eventually" meant around 3 o'clock that afternoon just as John was returning from his meeting. Well, not his meeting. He'd had to go to a different one that was a bit out of the way just to avoid the paparazzi. He had, in a way, willingly given up his anonymity, but it wasn't fair to anyone else in any group he might make use of.
Getting up from his seat he gathered his sister in his arms. How long had it been since they'd held each other? Touched without some barrier, some deep seated anger they'd agreed to suppress just for the moment. Maybe going back as far as the journal entry she'd read. Or at least it sometimes felt like that.
"I know. So am I." he said a smile playing on his lips. "So, what shall we do now?'
"Can I move inside you, John?" He asked and his voice raised goose pimples on John's skin.
could have happened?
Sitting among the green tissue paper was a stuffed toy bee. It was fat and fluffy with a ridiculous smile on its face. He took it out of the box and she gasped as her face lit up.
"Please, yes, please. This time you top." Sherlock kissed his shoulder and he heard the sound of the lube popping open. "And I like this position. Can we do it like this?"
John thought of it as an even kiss. By that, he meant that no one especially initiated it or rather that they both did. Both their heads inclined to one another, both of their lips touched with the same tempered, nervous enthusiasm. Both of them wanted this at the same time.
I told you, that you are the best man I have ever known. And I meant it. But there's more. There are all the things people assumed about us. All the things people believed to be true. Would it be so bad if they were? Would it be so bad if they are?
Sherlock swallowed.
God, I'm actually drunk texting you. I am drunk texting a dead man in the middle of the night.
"Did it work?"
He'd been right of course. John had been prepared to launch into the litany of what he couldn't manage as well as multiple apologies but his boyfriend's words stopped and relaxed him.
"If only once." I said giving in finally, completely.
"I think it would be best if you were to lie on your left side. I'll need to sit on the edge of your bed. I'll also need better access to your skin. You don't have an issue with nudity do you?"
When all was said and done Pripyat was evacuated except for the remaining souls left to contain and battle the meltdown at the plant.
No, Sherlock, **stop** panic texting. I like the idea. I like it very, very much. Really, I do.
He missed the predictability of passing out.
"Absolutely."
Fine. He could wait.
Beyond Mary's murder Duck knew nothing about the annus horribilis that was 2015. He knew nothing about the suicide attempt. He knew nothing about the alcoholism. He knew nothing about his relationship with Sherlock.
There were the cases that moved at breakneck speed and the cases that
Sherlock kissed him, a kiss full of need and passion and John gave into it, his body relaxing. He felt wonderful and surprisingly didn't exactly miss not having a sort of release himself. Pleasing Sherlock brought it's own heady pleasure.
"Yes, I haven't had a drink since January 1st of this year."
"I would imagine so. So, how is life on the outside?" He said with a raise of his brows. Mycroft hadn't ordered, neither of them had and yet not ten minutes after they arrived there was food before him. A standing order, perhaps? John had no idea, but he knew châteaubriand when he saw it. His glass was filled with mineral water. He moved the sauteed vegetables around his plate before speaking.
He didn't look at them. He refused to look at them though he felt the cameras and the lights and heard their embarrassing and provocative shouts alongside the rapid clicking of shutters.
He didn't necessarily touch Sherlock more, or speak to him differently, he didn't worry or think about him more. In that respect, nothing really changed. All of this clued him into the fact that they had maintained this fairly high level of intimacy for years without even noticing. All that
I had a choice. I always had a choice. I could have left. I could have walked out of that house and sued for divorce and custody and never looked back. And I would have won because once anyone started peering into her past everything would, of course, fall apart. I could have left her broken, childless, penniless and homeless. I could have ripped apart her world with my bare hands. I will tell you this and I know it for a fact sometimes living is far crueler than dying and I could have done tenfold to her what she nearly did to Sherlock.
John expected an argument and waited with his arms crossed.
"Upon hearing of your return, there may be...undue attention. I feel the best way to mitigate this is to introduce you back slowly."
"You're an arse." John said good-naturedly as he opened the fridge and peered in again. Somewhere behind his partner's experiments, there had to be some food.
Sherlock was mostly silhouette, dark and beautiful as he shifted slightly beneath the covers. The outline of a hand disappeared and he watched him raise up slightly to slip his trousers down just enough.
For you new people...people with 2 days, 1 day, 5 hours I know you're looking at me and you're thinking "God, I wish he'd just shut the fuck up and sit down. And don't worry, I'm about to."
"I love you too. Stay with me tonight."
Some of them looked uncomfortable but I find that I don't care.
The nights they shared a bed, Sherlock in his or he in Sherlock's were the nights he slept the best. The nights alone were sleepless and filled with worry, second thoughts, and guilt.
"Yeah, yeah, ok."
"You're awake." He said sitting delicately on the edge of the mattress. "Hello, John."
Of course, if he thought too much about that he got nervous too. It had after all been over 2 years, nearly 2 1/2 since he'd had sex.
“Scarpered. Cupboard cleaned out, clothes gone, suitcase gone, everything. The only thing he left was a note, a gun and a pile of money.”
"Since we're laying secrets bare...I didn't need a flatmate." Sherlock said after awhile.
"And when you told him how did you feel?"
"You didn't warn me."
"Bring him in. Sherlock?"
"Well, I don't know what to tell you. There's a formula to these things. One first name from one person and the last name from the other. Or something like that. I suppose there are exceptions."
They had another session, not nearly as grueling as it could have been. And then when he was leaving she'd said something strange.
"I thought you were happy to have me leave. I wanted...to stay. I always wanted to stay."
He returned to his room, turned off the light and laid awake until morning, unable to sleep, to dream or to cry.
This place was expensive. Posh, secluded and expensive. The sort of place Her Majesty might come if the royal We were suffering from a nasty addiction. He immediately felt out of place.
"I think I might have considered it...for a moment at least. But I got frightened."
"Girlfriend? No, not really my area." Sherlock said, his voice rumbling up from his chest.
"Hypertrophic scarring." John scanned quickly to see if there were any close to the joint as those were most likely to cause issues regarding mobility. The injuries were localized on the back area though there were areas on his sides, near his ribs that had caught someone's brutal attention. The scars were thick, ropey, skin clearly showing that it tried to heal itself, was broken open again and again before finally coming together. "Signs of...infection. Cured now. Punct-Puncture marks caused by some sort of crude instrument, a nail? Perhaps a board with a nail in it. Clear indication of burn marks flanking each side. Various fading unidentifiable abrasions. Evidence of sharp trauma to the dermis, possibly going as deep as the underlying trapezius."
"Fuck me...right now? I'd walk over those fucking mountains like I was a Von Trapp if there was proof of a pub on the other side. Climb every fucking mountain. Ford every fucking stream. How much would kill for a hit?"
"I thought you were lonely. And while I couldn't see my way clear to ever placing myself in that position again I didn't want my bitterness to rub off on you. Sour you on a possible relationship when maybe, just maybe you were close. I just wanted you to be happy and if that nutty beauty would have done it then I wanted you to go after her. I've always, always only wanted you to be happy. I see now I was wrong."
John made as small noise in his throat but mostly remained silent.
5 missed calls from Duck.
"I get up, I pick a meeting, I come back to the flat, Sherlock and I have breakfast together, we go over a few cases the majority of which he's been able to solve without leaving home. "
Speaking of his cock...
"Yes, quite a bit."
Sherlock took a deep breath and reached into his pocket again.
"You thought what?" He asked flatly.
Telling Sherlock's parents was less dramatic than John had anticipated.
He slipped his tongue into my mouth, honestly something I'd never cared for up until that point. Now I was an enthusiastic supporter letting mine duel with his as I groaned.
"That was exactly my line of thinking as well. Sherlock, would you be opposed to joining us? This is typically the time where we encourage family and friends to become more involved in their loved one's mental health struggles and their sobriety."
We talked about relationships in group today. Relationships and sabotage. Everyone in my group has been through rehab before and there's something comforting about that; being surrounded by second or third timers. We don't have to pull any punches with each other and I think maybe we're more aware of our mistakes and pitfalls this time around. We also don't have to shine things up for the newbies which is a load off everyones mind.
You learn things about your own body in situations like this. For instance, when your best mate who you've fancied for years is penetrating you, the sounds you make are not the same ones you make when you're doing the penetrating. It was a bit higher, a bit more breathy and maybe a bit more out of control. I liked it.
And John did. And they even made it through three parts before he excused himself briefly to take his next dose.
"Then just a glorious stripe up your ribcage. Here and here."
"Ready for another?" He asked after a bit.
"I can't tell you how comforted I am."
She looked at him curiously before picking up the phone.
Sherlock had taken up his violin and John was in his chair, eyes closed listening to him play something mournful and lovely.
"Why is that?" He felt panicked at the idea which surprised him. He thought perhaps he'd have felt relieved.
They'd talked a bit more after that, about that bullet before circling round again.
"Oh please. You think I don't know? You think I'm unaware that you go inside and sit there for hours on end?" He inhaled deeply. "You seem content to leave the permanent status of your daughter up in the air. And every one of these examples has a common thread; commitment. You are unwilling or unable to commit to anything nowadays. Almost as though you're not planning on staying. I know I am not ideal, John. I know. I know I am likely not so tender or attentive or demonstrably loving as your previous partners were...as your wife was."
“Oh don’t be daft, John. There’s no such thing as ghosts. She’s waving at you.” She replied but there was something mischievous in “Mary’s” gaze that gave him pause. Still, he waved at Rosie who grinned and raised both hands in his direction. Had she
Sherlock cleared his throat.
Sherlock was a quick study and while John didn't think he had any bad angles he certainly knew how to accentuate his best. He knew how to pose in bed, how to hold his body, how to make John drop absolutely everything with just a raise of an eyebrow. He was energetic in bed, young, vibrant, excited and exciting. And best of all, considering his upbringing and some of the Victorianism's he knew could come part and parcel with the upper classes, he had no shame about their sex life, no hang-ups or holdouts about what could and couldn't be done in bed. Which wasn't to say they'd brought in the trapeze and bondage gear just yet. But, there was a freedom and an easy sensuality John hadn't expected to find beneath Sherlock's lovely surface. He knew and had known for a long time ago, that Sherlock wasn't cold, as so many had so long suspected. He knew he was, loving, sexy, slinky. He knew he burned steady and bright. He knew he was warm. But he had been a little pleasantly surprised to find out he was hot.
Regretfully he parted from his mate and slipped into the bathroom to shower and dress. As he was shaving Sherlock came in as well and John smiled as he saw his friends reflection in the mirror.
When her face appeared on his screen she was smiling and he, in relief, smiled in return.
Sherlock took his hand then and brought it to his lips and kissed it.
"There was nothing about him that would make me think he was gay or bi or anything but straight. But it was still the first time I'd ever felt that way about someone. I chased that feeling until I caught it again with you."
in the bedroom. Now, we'll talk more about this later but re-starting an intimate relationship with your partner won't just happen. It might take time to rebuild that bridge. You can't and shouldn't just hop back into bed. For those of you not currently in a relationship the recommendation is a year of celibacy-"
"He died...about a month ago now. It was his heart it just...did he tell you about his surgery?"
"No, um...let's just say I have a generous benefactor."
And he would tell him. The numbers stayed essentially the same. Enough to stop the pain of waking up, enough to stop the difficulty of going to sleep, enough to make it one more day. He would then translate that into bottle or liters or whatever his friend needed.
"John?"
"You felt honoured? I was the one who got the attention of the coolest kid in class."
. Could I interest you in some starters?"
"Nothing to talk about, really." He said trying to ease any sharpness that might edge its way into his tone. "Really, I am fine. This sort of stuff...I mean, look I've been roughed up a bit online before. What we do is public and it's part of the job. I'm good. No worries."
But nothing readies you for the sights or the sounds or the smells. The artillery fire is loud but it's not loud enough to drown out the screams of the guy next to you who was hit. Or your own screams. And the smoke is thick but it's not thick enough to block out seeing men and women reduced to hamburger meat because of one misstep on a roadside bomb.
"It's weird being in a relationship where I'm the open one." John said. He was standing in the kitchen pouring a glass of milk he hoped hadn't gone bad while Sherlock was lying on the sofa, fingers steepled, eyes closed in thought.
"I don't like to get ahead of myself but I think this needs to be said. If you're serious about giving up custody of your daughter which is a hasty decision initiated at the height of your addiction that I strongly advise against but if you're serious, you can. If you want to sell your home, you can. If you want to leave London, leave everything you know and start again somewhere else, healthy and clean and sober and hopeful, you can do that. It is absolutely in your power to make that happen once you leave here."
Though Angelo, who was delighted beyond words, brought a candle to the table at John's request to make things more romantic they didn't end up staying long. Moments later their phones started sending notification after notification until it was just one long sustained noise. Those pictures that had been snapped minutes before had made their way to Twitter. And all their followers, it literally seemed as though it were every single one, was @-ing them.
"I don't know if you're able to hear this just yet, John, but you are not responsible for the choices and decisions of Sherlock. I would tell him the same thing about you if he were sitting there."
And then he stepped away.
"Alright, John." Sherlock said quietly.
"You haven't been eating. We'll need to change that from here on out. We often skip meals and I no longer wish for that to be the case."
"That would likely do it." James said chuckling along.
"Beg pardon."
"I don't see how any of this matters." Sherlock replied affecting a haughty tone that John could see or rather hear right through.
"I found it very funny and some of the scenes quite familiar, especially the one that
"What happened with Mycroft?"
"No, you wouldn't." John said shaking his head. More of Sherlock's clever games. Clever clogs. But it didn't matter. John felt immune at this point. What he wasn't immune to was the man he deeply loved sitting so close but so far away. Why wouldn't he leave? Why wouldn't he just let him do this?
"Of course I can walk."
Funny how much they said it now, now that they were farther away from one another than ever before.
John heard a noise.
Disappointingly, the stranger turned his head away from John’s face.
“Well, of course. I live next door. We’ll grab a bite and start filming.”
As soon as Sherlock heard the door slam, he slumped down in his chair and covered his eyes with his hands.
He never made it very far.
John Watson was left-handed.
“Has that ever worked?”
“The livestream, John! You’ll be doing my makeup. God forbid we start late; the internet would have a conniption.”
“You’re brilliant.”
He emerged into the sunlight with an audible sigh. The boy gave his eyes a moment to adjust to the brightness of his surroundings before slowly taking them in.
He held out a hand. “Sherlock Holmes.”
No, it wasn’t John Watson.
“Well yes, John, of course I do math in pen. What’s your point?
The prince skidded to a stop outside his chambers, tucking his papers under one arm so he could reach the key hung around his neck and unlock the door. He ducked into his room with an audible sigh of relief and slumping against the ornate doorway.
“Just, just something in the hallway,” John finally answered, also averting eye contact. Sherlock was so smart, he’d be sure to figure out why John was acting the way he was. “Hey, don’t you need goggles? That could be dangerous.”
Until suddenly, Sherlock opened his mouth and blurted out, “Well, it certainly is convenient that I wrote the other messages, then, isn’t it?”
John snickered. “Like you helped at all.”
The thirty-second countdown had begun.
your lab partner. Why would you —”
(John wished he’d been there.)
Leo seemed to flush at that, but held out his hand to shake Sherlock’s own firmly. “Likewise.” Sherlock’s warm but icy eyes scanned him.
“Well of course she likes him. Didn’t you see the flush in her cheeks, the bounce in her step? No one looks that happy after school, and she’s had regular friends before. We’ve seen her after meeting them for the first time. She was happy, but her heart rate wasn’t elevated. No, this was something different. She’s never had a crush before, so we can assume that the effects are heightened by the novelty.”
He settled for switching.
But he sighed and patted his lap, resolving to give it his best shot. She perched there, the way she always did.
They’d already gotten started with the lab in chem, meaning his coming in late wasn’t a big deal, thankfully. He just nodded at the teacher and mouthed a ‘sorry,’ then headed for the desk that he and his partner shared in the spacious room.
John started laughing, harder than he had in a while. This seemed crazy, when he stepped back and thought about it.
“You’d think,” John said, staring in awe at his husband, “that after almost twenty years I’d get used to this — you got all of that from a five-second glance at her?”
“But you want to go inside.”
No one ever went in there, meaning no one could knock into the delicate vials or drop anything on the table or just somehow mess up the air with their idiocy. (Sherlock believed that was the sole reason the experiment he had been conducting during Anderson’s drugs bust didn’t work.)
John stopped at the door and turned around. “How’d you know I’ve got an exam tomorrow?”
Sherlock’s eyes darted away from John’s face, and he stepped away quickly, putting an amount of distance that seemed much too far after the entire video.
John swore his voice never rose above a murmur.
“Well, you’re the first person I’ve told this, but my heart belongs to somebody else,” John said, almost as quietly as Sherlock. Their eyes met for the first time, John trying his best to tell Sherlock through eye contact
Clearly, in this situation, the top solution was to sleep in the only other room in the house, as John had once seen that Sherlock had fallen asleep on the couch and ranted to him for thirty-two minutes about how bad that was for your muscles, do you want to have back pain, et cetera.
Sherlock had never asked for this.
“What can I get you and your date, Sherlock?” the owner asked, a wide grin on his face.
“Three point six seconds, not five.”
A patch of blond hair and one dark eye stared out at Sherlock from the greenery.
Sherlock had somewhat known that the experiment would go wrong.
Sherlock checked his watch and, upon realizing he was late, walked away without a word. John watched him go.
They suffered through the uncomfortably stiff conversation that followed until John said quietly, “Well, I’d better be off. I’ve got classes tomorrow.”
It had been the best day John had had in a while.
“I am,” Mycroft sighed, finally bringing his head up to shoot a sharp glance at Sherlock, “technically speaking.”
“Here, look at me,” John instructed, leaning in again.
John shut his laptop with a sigh and sat back. “And why is that?”
Dizzy with confusion and butterflies, John obeyed, trotting after him. “What’re you doing? We’re on opposite teams,” he called quietly as he chased after the stranger.
“Have you ever really wanted to kiss someone, but you can’t?”
“You wrote those messages?”
John smiled at the two, at how much softer Sherlock was around her.
“Do you … need my help?”
They pulled up to the cafe, and John climbed out of the car to see Sherlock striding out of the door the exact moment John himself exited the car. He smiled and waved before yelling over his shoulder, “Thanks, Harry!” as she drove away.
reserved.
News spread quickly around the school, especially that concerning everyone’s two favorite Unrequited Lovers.
It was nothing like last year, John noted.
But their Friday nights were always,
“Is this your way of asking me on a date, Sherlock Holmes?”
“Is this too much?” John breathed, squeezing his hand.
“Harry, Clara’s here!”
“John?” He sounded appalled. “No, this is not a braid. You’re amazing, John, at many things, but braiding is not one of them.”
John exhaled and stepped back from the door. “You should probably just come in, I suppose,” he said in a low voice. “When she says a bit, she really means another half an hour.”
Sherlock felt a hand on his arm and shook himself out of his mind palace. He hadn’t revealed that part of himself to anyone except Mycroft, and he didn’t need John thinking he was any stranger.
“Well, good afternoon, your highness,” Mycroft drawled, not sparing a glance at Sherlock. “How was your catnap?”
When Rosie came back in the door, her cheeks were flushed and her steps were bouncing.
“Here you go,” the server trilled, setting down a dish and two glasses onto the table before spinning away to take someone else’s order.
-Felix
“Mycroft claims I’m always trying to be masculine with the coat and the cheekbones and whatnot. As it is my duty to prove him wrong, I must do something that is perceived to be feminine by society’s current standards. When do you think Molly is free?”
“Yeah, it’s this guy named Sherlock Holmes. He’s pretty good.” Harry twisted her wrist slightly, her face close to the mirror.  “Done!” she exclaimed, capping her eyeliner and tossing it down with a flourish. “I’ll be back around twelve. Don’t wait up!” She flung an arm around John’s neck and kissed his cheek before grabbing her bag and rushing down the stairs.
it read it a messy blue ink. And in a smaller print on the back of the note was John’s phone number.
John, who had been in the kitchen cooking pasta and broccoli, heard the voices and looked over at Sherlock, who smiled back reassuringly, as if to say
It’s all useless.
He was so enamored with his shy but brilliant lab partner that he couldn’t care less about getting into trouble for not doing work.
He knew the anonymous writer was bi.
“I thought it was obvious.” Sherlock rolled his pretty eyes. “I’ll do your makeup. You’ve seen the Tweets, correct?”
It wasn’t a problem at first. John had given Sherlock a key after multiple instances where he had climbed in through the window, picked the lock, or just slammed at the door until either it or John gave in. He had become used to seeing Sherlock already in his bed on Friday nights, because Friday afternoons were his experiment days, and those always seemed to take it out of him.
a backstory.
Before Sherlock could call out, a voice from inside the door trilled, “Master Sherlock? Master Sherlock, it’s suppertime! Your parents are waiting!” Sighing, he turned and disappeared back into the palace, vowing to return tomorrow and investigate the blond hair and the dark eye.
Mostly insulting.
John looked over the street again.
And the only people allowed to use the chem labs at the school were juniors and seniors.
“17. 16. 15…”
And it had been written by a person using the wrong hand, their right hand.
“Nice shot.” John offered him a smile.
“What’re you fantasizing about?” John’s voice came before Sherlock could gather himself. He felt another flush making its way across his face when John saw him with the flyer.
“How — how did you do that?”
The beautiful sunlight was calling him.
“I’d like that, yeah.”
He forced his heavy eyelids up, sitting forward in his chair. Mycroft’s figure was bent over several pieces of parchment a few feet away at the large wooden table Sherlock hated so much. Heavy volumes and inkwells were piled and scattered over the scarred wood, worn from so many years of use. The table was surrounded by a tall forest of looming bookcases, overflowing to the point of danger of toppling at a wrong step. The soaring stone ceiling of the study was dark, as the heavy drapes were pulled over the windows and the only light source were dimly lit candles, their wax dripping steadily and the wicks slowly shriveling.
“Well, what are you doing?”
It was safe to say that John was speechless. He had never seen nor imagined himself with actually well-done makeup before. And he had to admit: he looked amazing. His eyes were both darkened and brightened by the eyeshadow paired with the jet-black liner, and his cheeks looked soft but sharp at the same time.
There was one more Sharpie scribble, and it was very near the small, irrelevant corner Sherlock had written his in, hoping to go unnoticed.
“Yeah.”
John looked up from his laptop at his daughter, who looked that mood of too-nervous-to-be-tired.
There were a thousand reasons why John’s attempts at contact were ignored, and his mind went through every one of them in detail.
And John was torn between watching the glances Rosie and Leo exchanged or watching Sherlock watch them; both were entertaining.
Sherlock just slipped his pen from behind his ear and fiddled with it, then leaned over the microscope again.
John watched in fascination. As the video played on, he discovered himself developing a strange interest in this handsome, obnoxious man. His sharp wit was making John laugh by the time the video ended. He smiled to himself as he scrolled down through the description.
Sharpie.
“What do they normally say?”
His eyeliner was bright blue, and the rouge on his cheeks was shockingly pink. His eyeliner was a wobbly, thin line going from the middle of his eyelid to his hairline. The lipstick had gone five different ways when John applied it (probably due to the fact that Sherlock had been shivering a little at the closeness of their faces).
His face split into a huge smile as he turned to his friend. “John, it’s beautiful.”
And he went into the office. It was busy, and he was all booked up with appointments. But he felt productive, and had enough free time to go out for lunch.
When John walked back in, though, the door slamming woke him from the light doze.
And suddenly it was getting harder and harder to write back to his friend, seeing as there was always a crowd of people surrounding the wall, talking about who the people could be.
“I’ll have some crisps, I guess,” John replied.
He looked around, hands in his pockets. Alone again.
John felt extremely uncomfortable, but decided to just bite the bullet and give Sherlock the truth as it was.
They’d be stunning, of course. Crisp in a suit or a gown and somehow just as gorgeous in pajamas with nothing shiny. And funny. And interesting. John Watson was someone who valued interesting things — he liked to collect strange objects he found, and wrote a backstory for them in one of his many journals.
John just looked at him blankly. Sherlock had never talked this much, especially to John. He had heard rumors, of course, of the one time Sherlock had raised his voice, apparently to yell at a teacher about how it didn’t matter what the Earth revolved around.
“Alright,” John said easily, “we hope he does accept, Rosie.”
Sherlock really couldn’t resist a challenge. And the reply to his message seemed to be smirking at him from that wall, as if it knew something he didn’t.
He closed his eyes, relishing the cool dark that resulted.
As the players rounded the corner, John raised his gun and picked them off quickly. The lights on their vests flashed and went out. Disappointed cries filled the small hallway as the stranger pushed past the incapacitated players and around the wall. John squeezed after him, looking around the shadowy hall. The boy on the red team was gone.
John Watson always had a Sharpie on hand if Sherlock needed one.
“Of course.”
However, it was put to ease the second a curtain shifted over in 221B Baker Street, and the windows flung open to reveal the man, in the normal crisp suit and dark curls and handsome face.
And that was the pausing point of their conversation. John hadn’t really known how to respond to that.
The two brothers worked in silence for a while, the only sounds being the rustling of parchment and pages and the scratching of quills. Sherlock stared at the lines of words until they began to blur. He tried his best to focus, but his attention always seemed to slip away.
“All right, you’re all done,” Sherlock announced, pulling away from John’s face. He picked up a mirror and held it up to John.
John tugged on the sleeve of Sherlock’s sweatshirt. It hung off him quite literally, with room for probably another whole person in there with him. “Do you even own clothes your size?”
“Thanks,” Sherlock mumbled when they were done.
“Bye, Rosie!”
“Man, she’s my sister and all, but between classes and her girlfriend, I barely see her any more,” John remarked offhandedly.
He offered John a cup of tea shyly, all amiability between them lost. John wondered what he’d done wrong, to make Sherlock suddenly so closed off.
“Good day, Rosie?” Sherlock said knowingly. Rosie beamed at him and nodded enthusiastically. “Go do your homework,” he said, ruffling her hair.
“I know.” The boy smirked and set off again.
He leaned against the counter and started running his fingers through Rosie’s thick blond hair, then carefully weaving the strands together.
“John, pass me a flower,” he ordered. John obliged, and Sherlock slipped it into the braid, then stepped back as the kettle started whistling.
John stared at him for a couple of minutes.
“Yes. Imagine living with someone who doesn’t pick up after themselves.”
Before he knew it, he was pressed against a wall, staring straight into the eyes of the stranger. One arm pressed down on his neck, pinning him. The other was wrapped around his wrist,
He moved over to the windows and threw them open, sticking his head out to feel the cool breeze on his flushed cheeks. He withdrew after a long moment and yanked off his shoes frantically, pulling his heavy woolen shirt over his head and kicking off his trousers until he stood in only his undergarments. He sat back on his bed, letting himself sink into the soft covers.
Evidently his viewers commented the same things on John’s video, making sure the boy knew what Sherlock was really like. The internet had chosen his soulmate. With a sigh, he logged onto Tumblr.
“Harry, who’ve you got in there?” he said, turning the doorknob and stepping in.
His breath gradually grew shallower as he let his doubts and fears take the place of his usual grim resignation. He clenched his clammy hands into fists in a weak attempt to cease their shaking.
Because that had just happened
Rosie brushed the strands falling out of her braid out of her face and swallowed the bread she was chewing before replying. “Leo.”
Something about the routine of his day made his smile stick and his steps bounce.
And, pressing replay on John’s video, Sherlock couldn’t say he was one hundred percent opposed.
The entire team was buzzing around Mike’s phone in the locker room at the next practice, and just seemed to disperse when John asked what was going on.
“Well, Harry’s going to freak out,” John said, remembering how much his sister loved his channel.
