Sherlock dug one hand into John’s hair – with his other arm still wrapped tightly around John’s middle –  while John clutched Sherlock’s jacket as if afraid he might otherwise disappear into thin air. With their mouths frantically exploring each other, Sherlock managed to push the door shut with one elbow and then let himself fall back against it, which John, correctly, took as an invitation to crowd close and push him against the wooden surface. The increased sensation of bodily contact this created, caused Sherlock to soon feel his erection strain against the inside of his trousers, and he couldn’t help grinding it against John for some relief. He could then feel John’s prick in a similar state, pressing back rock-hard against his groin.
This woman had been so incredibly brave. She had sacrificed her reputation and the last months of her
But the surprising thing had been that the stalker had turned out to be the aspiring boyfriend, Bob, not his flatmate Jack.
With special thanks once again to ewebie for providing me with realistic medical details for this part of the story!
When he told his therapist, full of emotion, that he was letting his daughter down, he mused that it was maybe because he did, in fact, feel rather guilty for every second he was letting someone else take care of her. But she’d only been in nursery for two weeks. Every parent probably felt horrible during those first days, he told himself. Still, he enjoyed exaggerating his feeling to his therapist just for the sake of it. Weird. He’d never really been one to twist the truth for no reason. Perhaps it was because there were so many other feelings he couldn’t talk about, so all he could do was transfer them onto something else.
Rose had obviously only been too happy to oblige, seeing as she’d been going on about Watson’s cuteness ever since the standoff with Jim at the Pool (where she’d been assigned to keep John in her crosshairs the whole time, so she’d had a great opportunity to unabashedly check him out for over an hour straight).
Held in place by a piece of glistening white foam, there was a comically bright orange plastic ring, with a little sticker of an overexcited cartoon bee on the wider part, where there was usually a diamond.
That evening, after an early supper, as Sherlock was putting the leftovers in the fridge, John walked up to him and hugged him from behind. “I think
“Which was undoubtedly a good start of getting back into the habit,” John smiled. “But we need to think this through. No rash decisions.”
John let the dough rest and breathed out a long sigh. “I realised I was suppressing my memories of her, because her death was so painful to me.”
Sherlock ambled over to where John was working, now alternately stretching the ball of dough and flattening it onto the work surface. He still looked a little weak, but not nearly as poorly as the previous few days. Same as Sherlock.
“If they found out it was you who did it, you certainly wouldn’t be fine,” he could hear Mary’s snarky voice telling him, like a little devil sitting on a cartoon character’s shoulder.
“We need to get you nice and clean for round two,” Sherlock said teasingly, in response to John raising his eyebrows in surprise.
After all the family had greeted one another in the secluded corner at the back of the restaurant, Sherlock purposely sat his brother at the head of the table, straight across from Mrs Holmes, so that he could clearly see everyone and he wouldn’t have to look too far sideways to sign with Sherlock or John, who sat down on either side of him at the long sides of the table. A high chair was found for Rosie and placed at the corner next to John, so that Sherrinford ended up sitting between Sherlock and Rosie. A rare smile crossed his face as Rosie let her cuddly-toy bee elaborately kiss Sherrinford’s arm.
“At it right now. Communication with France is proving a bit cumbersome so far, though. He’s having ferries, airlines, buses and trains checked now to see if she could have already travelled back to France this morning.”
, Sherlock wondered? He would have to ask John. He knew such things. He should probably get a new phone number, Sherlock mused, so they could text a little more safely – in case the Yard would ever investigate which numbers he was in touch with. Not that that was very likely, but better safe than sorry. So he decided to arrange that first thing this evening, and then he could ask John.)
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply, but John hushed him. “I don’t just mean about this. Actually, I meant something else entirely.” He sighed. “A year ago, we agreed it was important to have complete openness and honesty, after… after Mary shot you. But to me, that is
But somehow, it did appeal to him now. A little. Just to have a change of scenery. A different routine.
Sherlock tore his eyes away from the couple to look at John. Did he disapprove? Or was he just joking? No, he was decidedly beaming and Sherlock bit his lips to hide a smile.
“I won’t. I promise I won’t. Oh, Sherlock.” John hugged him tighter and rocked them both slowly back and forth. “Sometimes I forget how new all of this is to you.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said, sounding ridiculously relieved. “Yes, that’s right. Do you… do you know my name?”
Molly seemed upset. Naturally she didn’t know half the truth of what had really happened. Greg had impressed upon her to tweak the post-mortem report so that the angle of the bullet trajectory would be described a bit more vaguely, but she’d never been filled in on the reasons, or facts behind the request. The fewer people who knew, the better.
Once Lestrade and Interpol had been alerted, John and Sherlock numbly remained seated on the wooden bench, staring out at the sea.
Like a comic, he drew one scene per sheet, laying them all in a row in front of him as he finished each one.
“Sherlock, would you mind sharing what’s going on in that magnificent brain of yours?” John asked. “Feeling a bit lost here.”
Sherlock’s body. He still couldn’t believe that Sherlock was letting him do this. John was very well aware that it could potentially be extremely painful if Sherlock wasn’t completely relaxed.
“It must be Mrs Hudson,” Sherlock said faintly, feeling slightly embarrassed. He showed John the Twitter account, the sole purpose of which seemed to be to point out when Sherlock was being arrogant, misogynist or otherwise offensive. Just like he’d asked their landlady to do.
Although, to be fair, she did know quite a lot about him, but without him knowing that, of course. Not that any of that interested her in that way. Not like it did to Rose, who actually thought he was sexy and interesting. Nevertheless, a fake smile and strange accent had been all that was needed to make the idiot want to text with her.
(Sherlock had always assumed they were twins, although he wasn’t entirely sure. He’d seen little of the brother, who mainly stayed in the shadows and watched from a distance. Sherlock could still vaguely picture his eerie grin, from under his dark, bedraggled surfer hair hanging in his eyes. Seeing as they’d been approximately the same height, the girl was probably younger, though, Sherlock now realised. In their early teens, girls grew faster than boys, after all.)
John decided not to bring up the sibling with Sherlock just yet, now that he was struggling with more urgent matters. But he definitely would, once everything was back to normal. Which was hopefully before autumn set in.
It then occurred to John that he should probably write something on his blog about Mary’s death, because it might be strange if he didn’t.
He looked around, spotting two new art works of the cats: painted beams of sunlight reflecting beautifully off their fur and whiskers.
Of course, now that he thought about it, he couldn’t stop imagining it. In the middle of a male patient’s STD check. This was not good.
John took a hot mug and a filled plate to where Sherlock was sitting cross-legged on the sofa with his eyes closed. John knew better than to disturb him, so he just put the things on the coffee table in front of him, knowing that Sherlock would tuck in whenever he saw fit to come out of his mind palace.
John stared dazedly at the patch of curls his face was pressed against, unseeing. He had always known that Sherlock was damaged somehow, and he now very much blamed himself for never stopping to think,
When he finally snapped back into reality, he suddenly recalled the case and what needed to be done.
Strange things were happening in John’s stomach when Sherlock started to finger himself in earnest. Sherlock was so uncommonly beautiful, lying there on his back with his gorgeous long legs spread wide and this one incredible finger elegantly moving in and out of him while subtle noises of satisfaction escaped his throat.
John felt something inside him break that started to spread a wonderful warmth throughout his being.
He had to get away, fast, but his legs seemed to have stopped taking orders from his brain. Or maybe his brain had simply stopped working altogether.
Sherlock revelled in the feeling of their stomachs touching skin to skin and pulled John even closer to him.
John took a spring roll and lifted it to his mouth, but momentarily let it hover there in mid-air as he was trying to see a solution.
“Oh, the older one is a hag alright,” James said. “Thinks it’d kill her to say hello. Always walks straight past us without so much as a glance.”
Deciding not to bother with her for the moment, he entered the loo, leaning back against the door once he’d closed it behind him. He then slowly let himself slide down against it, until he was sitting on his heels, stretching his sore spine against the flat surface.
He’d always loved it when John thought he was brilliant, but now that Sherlock knew how deep those feelings truly ran, it elicited a more profound response in him as well.
“You look like you could use some calories,” Hannah said and winked, before disappearing into the kitchen. She came back with a large bucket of strawberry cheesecake ice cream and three spoons. “My secret emergency stock from the back of the freezer,” she said, with a broad smile, as she pulled the lid off the tub. “Ooh, and there’s chocolate raisins,” she said, turning around to go and fetch them.
Feeling the weight of him had a strangely comforting effect, while at the same time, feeling John’s cock pressing against his thigh, so close to his own and without any fabric between them this time, made Sherlock’s heart pound in his chest.
Images of vast lakes, wooden cottages surrounded by pine tree forests and elks strolling along dirt roads appeared on their screens as they surfed around various travel websites.
“Oh, I invited them. On behalf of each other. Neither of them can afford such a posh place, of course. Not yet, anyway.”
“It’s funny how everything started to look up significantly from the moment we got into a relationship,” Sherlock replied. “God must approve of that, then, it seems.”
One of the things he would never understand about women was why they freely chose to wear shoes that stopped all circulation in their feet. Or maybe he’d just chosen the wrong model. Either way, he was uncomfortable.
Sherlock curled his lips inward as he tried to assess whether this might be a case he’d be willing to take or not. At least the girl didn’t seem senseless or paranoid. He squinted at her for a moment before telling her to proceed.
“You’re probably right.” John sighed, letting his head rest in his hands. “Sorry, I think I need to lie down again. Headache’s getting worse.” He hesitated. “Can you wake me in an hour, so I can feed Chloe? That is, if you are able to stay up for a bit, to mind her in the meantime?”
He’d thought that more often in the past weeks, and it had actually been true in each case. It definitely looked like an upward trend.
He hadn’t meant to grab him quite that forcefully, but the truth was, he hadn’t known what Sherlock was capable of in that moment. And weirdly, the minute he’d released his grip, Sherlock had simply collapsed like a rag doll, completely unexpectedly. John should have seen it coming, should have caught him. But he hadn’t.
Then Sherlock started another drawing on a new page. He drew himself as a child, lying down with a blue rope around his neck. Again, he pointed at the empty space around him, and handed his brother the pencil, by way of invitation to draw the rest.
“Okay,” he said, finally. After a moment, he turned back towards Sherlock and the audience. His tone was serious when he spoke, and the adults in the room were starting to look a little uncomfortable. “Serial killers choose their victims at random. Surely that must make it more difficult?”
Sherlock turned to look at the man. In spite of little physical resemblance, he reminded Sherlock of Anderson at first sight. Something about his posture and his eyes.
“Dressed,” John repeated flatly. “Because... you would like to properly rip off my clothes next time rather than just my T-shirt and pants?” He mock-frowned.
The slide and pull of Sherlock inside of him was a little painful (as expected) and, hence, not a particularly pleasant feeling in itself, but it was
Mrs Holmes filed only two official complaints with the waiter in the course of the meal, which Sherlock afterwards assured John was a very good score, for her.
“Let’s have a chat with one of these gentlemen first,” Sherlock said, as they walked up the driveway. One man carrying a chainsaw (who was rather stunningly handsome, Sherlock couldn’t help noticing) was just passing them from behind on his way to the stables, nodding to them in greeting. “Good morning, sir,” Sherlock said jovially. “On days like these, it’s not so bad having an outdoor job, is it?”
to Sherlock that he still loved him. But each of those was as ridiculous as the next. How do you prove to someone that you really
She wanted to get to know him. To know the man she’d once wished was her brother; whose parents she’d wished were her parents. She had still been very young and very foolish then. Just a kid. She’d had no way of knowing how he was going to ruin her life. Or perhaps she had, and she’d just been stupid not to see it.
With a quick grin in John’s direction, Sherlock slowly got up and casually walked over to their table.
He quirked one corner of his mouth into a slight smile, as if in encouragement, as much to himself as to Sherlock.
Mycroft arrived punctually almost to the second, meaning he’d probably arrived much too early and had waited to enter, Sherlock realised, with an unexpected pang of melancholy.
John tried not to think about it too much. Not about sex in general, nor about if and how he could ever get intimate with Sherlock again. He was just not ready to consider those things yet.
After the slightly befuddled man had hung up from the call with his superior, Sherlock asked to borrow his phone to call back the girl’s number, which he’d managed to scribble down during the conversation.
Sherlock and John are both better enough to have shameless giggle fits again. Also, Sherlock finally tells John about his mysterious other sibling… and what happened with Redbeard.
“Oh, it’s way too weird for me. Go to the police; they’re really excellent at dealing with this complicated sort of stuff. Tell them I sent you; that ought to get a reaction.” He tossed her handbag towards her, which was strangely heavy, he noticed, then turned towards the kitchen. “Night-night.”
As soon as he’d said it, he was already forgetting what they had been talking about, exactly. It was as if his temperature was causing his brain to coagulate.
“Well, I’d better go, then,” Molly said, feeling increasingly uncomfortable. “Just wanted to let you know, is all.”
Naturally, it was no coincidence that the siblings had started going to the specialised martial arts school just around the corner from where Sherlock lived mere weeks after Sherlock had almost found Jim out; it gave them an ideal excuse to hang around the area, as they waited to be picked up after training.
“Well, I do. And it will probably fade away with time. All I’m asking is for you to give me that time, okay?”
“You know all those ads with half-naked, sexy women you see all over the city, wherever you go, or whenever you switch on the telly?” John said. “They can drive a man crazy. I know, because I used to be such a man. That incessant stream of images showing scantily-clad females used to turn me on endlessly. Incredibly frustrating and annoying. I spent half my life fantasising about models staring me in the face all over the place. But you know what? Not anymore. Now, I look at them and all I can think is: I have something so much better. I’ve got Sherlock bloody Holmes in bed with me every night, not to mention his amazing, perfect mouth doing all sorts of wonderful, unspeakable things to me on a regular basis. I’ve got all that I could ever wish for. If ten beautiful women would throw themselves at my feet and beg me to take them, I would still choose you, and only you. Because you are absolutely gorgeous and brilliant, naturally, but on top of that, you
He opened his eyes just in time to see John scrunch up his face and falter in his movements as he added more splashes to Sherlock’s torso and melted together existing ones.
John was now half lying on top of him, one of his legs between Sherlock’s, and looking down fondly at him as the dwindling afternoon light conjured yellowish-grey shadows through the flat.
He’d spent hours just staring at John in the dim light. At the equipment keeping him alive, which was shining its eerie, faint glow into the artificial twilight of the room. At the nurses carrying out all sorts of check-ups at regular intervals.
Looking down, Faith reached across and pulled her left sleeve down. Glancing up again, she stammered, “You never saw them.”
He hadn’t yet stopped being amazed that he could just kiss John like that. Swarms of butterflies erupted in his stomach every time their lips touched.
The next day, late in the afternoon, the doorbell to 221B rang in a fashion that indicated urgency, even panic. Sherlock looked up from his magazine and briefly locked eyes with John. Could either be an exciting new case, or a hysterical client who would require John to patiently convince them to leave before Sherlock resorted to less friendly measures to dispose of them.
“There is no case. I can tell you exactly who this was. Her name is Eurus Moriarty. Jim Moriarty’s sister. Well, if that is actually their real surname. Probably not. Anyway, you know who I mean. See? Solved.”
It was not yet dark when Sherlock was torn from his reveries by the unexpected sound of John’s footsteps on the stairs. They sounded ridiculously energetic for the time of day, but then again, so did his own heart the minute he heard them.
to end. Just to sleep, no more. Although he definitely didn’t want to have any such horrible nightmares anymore. Surely if he were dead, he would be safe from dreams, right? Nothing or nobody would bother him anymore.
you completely, Sherlock.” John looked at him one long moment with his lips pressed tightly together. “Like stuff that happened in your past.” He looked away at the floor. “Of course, I don’t need to know
. But nevertheless, John had vowed to never tell a soul, including Sherlock, as the man definitely never wanted to be with anyone in that way, John knew. And even if he did, it wouldn’t likely be with John.
All this time, Sherlock had pictured his middle brother as a madman, locked away like a wild animal, not capable of compassion, empathy, or any sort of intelligence. Yet reality seemed totally different. To Sherlock’s utter astonishment, Sherrinford had appeared genuinely glad to have Sherlock visit him. And those paintings… They were clearly made with deliberation and insight. As was the decision to give Sherlock this particular one. Although what his motive was, Sherlock could only guess.
There was no reason not to look into it, he thought, as he supported Chloe through her rhythmic little dance. He didn’t care what people would think. Not one tiny bit.
“Is her ghost, as it were, perhaps a positive presence in your life? Does she, I don’t know, comfort you, or give you advice, for instance?”
But still, one might rightfully wonder whether it was actually a good idea to move back in at this point. Wouldn’t it be wiser to first watch from a safe distance where this was going? For instance, John had literally no idea what sex with Sherlock was going to be like. He wasn’t even entirely sure what he wanted in that respect. Or whether Sherlock wanted sex at all. He’d always seemed a bit funny about the subject.
He was in the process of trying to find pornographic depictions in the shapes of the letter combinations inside the little coloured squares when his bedroom door opened to reveal a tray with tea, followed by John, who was carrying it.
Sherlock’s breathing became somewhat more shallow as he tried to picture himself and John in the various positions, wondering what John would be like during sex: whether he would be shy or assertive, gentle or dominant. Sherlock had felt John’s passion when they'd kissed, but he knew that John was not the type to push boundaries or be selfish. If Sherlock would just be able to relax enough, it had to be possible to manage penetration without too much difficulty. It
When his shirt was open, Sherlock didn’t take it off just yet, but started unzipping his trousers first. Once his fly was undone, clearly exposing the lace of his knickers, John must have sensed some of Sherlock’s anticipation in his breathing, because he suddenly looked up. Then his eyes widened and his eyebrows rose high on his forehead. Sherlock let his trousers pool at his ankles and shrugged off his shirt, revealing his bra, before gracefully diving into the bed next to John, smirking.
“Oh, lovely, thank you, Mrs Hudson. That sounds like a worthy cause indeed.” John took a biscuit from the plate, as he enquired, “How have your eyes been of late?”
At least that part seemed real enough. Although you could never really be sure, with this clever bastard, who also happened to be one of the finest make-up artists as well as one of the finest actors the London theatres had ever missed out on.
She raised her eyebrows. “Good and bad are fairy tales. We have evolved to attach an emotional significance to what is nothing more than the survival strategy of the pack animal. We are conditioned to invest divinity in utility. Good isn’t really good, evil isn’t really wrong, and bottoms aren’t really pretty. You are a prisoner of your own meat. All those complicated little emotions. I lost count. Emotional context, Sherlock. It destroys you every time.”
Sherlock rolled onto his right side to face John and pulled him close, hugging him tightly. He was amazed at the sensation of full-body, skin-to-skin contact and it sent a ripple of pure delight through him.
He hurried down the stairs, which was quite a challenge in itself, what with none of the steps staying in place. “Stop. Wait!”
Sherlock swallowed. “She lied. We do, in fact, have a sibling I’ve never told you about. But it’s a brother. And he has nothing to do with any of this. I will tell you about him, if you want. But not now. He’s not important right now. You are.”
Sherlock sank into his desk chair, fished his laptop from under the papers and opened it, determined to follow every lead he had to the bitter end.
John was sure he was in heaven: to see Sherlock beneath him, limp with abandon and preciously smiling with his eyes shut, his legs resting on John’s back, as John’s cock slowly sank into that beautiful, lean body. John was practically gasping for air. And when Sherlock briefly opened his eyes and looked up at him as if John were the only thing that would ever matter to him in the world, John thought he might cry for joy. The intimacy of it all was mind-blowing.
When Sherlock returned to the sofa with two steaming mugs, John’s sympathetic smile told him that John could see how uncomfortable he was.
As he stood in the middle of the room, feeling increasingly apprehensive, he heard the faint sound of the front door downstairs being unlocked. Then John’s familiar footsteps on the stairs.
John was gripping Sherlock’s shoulder blades tightly, fingers digging into his flesh, firm and real. “Jesus, Sherlock,” he mumbled, and then lunged in for another sloppy kiss. With his hands he seemed to try to hold Sherlock everywhere at once, restlessly caressing his torso and shoulders.
John closed his eyes tightly and let his head fall back onto his pillow. A dull thunder rumbled and lightning flashed inside his skull, but it was all fine.
John could tell that he was brooding on the mystery of Sherrinford rather than on how to eliminate Eurus. There was something soft and insecure in his features when he was trying to understand his brother.
Sherlock couldn’t help but chuckle out loud, properly amazed at what he was seeing. You had to admit the
Either way, the man Sherlock had come face to face with over a broken politician’s bust in Reading had been an unexpected individual indeed. Certainly not a Moriarty, no matter how good he might have been with disguises. Seeing as the man had been wearing a necklace with the letters ‘A’ and ‘J’ dangling from it in thick gold, Sherlock had from there on referred to him as “AJ”. His real name had later turned out to be Amit Joachim, and he’d never wanted revenge on Mary at all, of course. They were the best of pals. It wasn’t until he’d gotten shot in Morocco and his fingerprints were entered into the system that they’d started to get a glimpse of what he and Mary had been up to in the recent past. Versatile, indeed.
“I have thought so many times how easy it would have been to manipulate things if I’d had any bad intentions,” she admitted. “If I had wanted to sell secrets, and then cover the tracks. I’ve done it a million times in my head.” She giggled like a bashful schoolgirl.
Sherlock didn’t flinch. In fact, his lips parted surprisingly pliantly beneath John’s and their tongues touched more elaborately than they had before, sending shockwaves of goosebumps down John’s back.
John stopped in his tracks and gaped at Sherlock. “Jesus Christ, Sherlock, and risk me getting arrested?”
She pulled up the other chair and sat. “Well… Six months ago, a man called Evans was murdered. He was shot from a distance of three hundred metres with this rifle.” She took a stack of pictures from a large envelope and showed him the top one, which he briefly glanced at from the corner of his eyes. “There are three suspects, all brothers. Nathan Garrideb, Alex Garrideb and Howard Garrideb.” She laid out three photographs of the men on the bed.
She walked back into the main bedroom, where a chilly breeze blew through the broken pane. Once more, she scanned the room for anything unusual, other than the gun left behind on the floor.
Meanwhile, John lifted Chloe out of the baby carrier and put her onto his lap. She grabbed a pebble that was lying on the armrest and tried to put it in her mouth. “No, Chloe. No eating pebbles,” John warned her, carefully prying it out of her little hands.
There was only one small obstacle, if he wanted to say anything back, or ask any questions. Sherlock couldn’t for the life of him make any sort of realistic drawing.
Ever since Mary had handed John that pen drive with the unfamiliar initials A.G.R.A. scribbled onto it, that supposedly contained all the information about her past, he and Sherlock had been frantically trying to find out what she had done, who she had been. Pretty quickly, it had become clear that the memory stick belonged to some random student she had no connection with whatsoever. She’d likely just found it on the street that day and picked it up in hopes of there being some sort of material on it that she could make a profit from, one way or another. In a moment of inspiration, she’d apparently just decided to use it as a test to see if John trusted her.
“True. But he was seven. I mean… doesn’t it feel strange having a brother who you don’t know at all?”
-- No problem. Expect a delivery tomorrow. She’s in Bronzefield Prison. You need to make an online request for visits, entering her prisoner number: 078615. S
“Don’t worry about it, Mrs Hudson,” John said as he appeared from behind Sherlock, apparently having quickly finished erasing all the evidence of their previous activities.
Corridor by corridor and floor by floor they searched the derelict building, slowly but surely closing in on the source of the GPS signal.
Then John noticed a Thank You card sitting on the window sill. “So, did you make any clients happy while you were here – bored to death, undoubtedly, by my side?”
Sherrinford looked on with curiosity when Sherlock opened the first page and took a pencil in his hand.
. Months or years from now, any random day of his life, someone could look at the evidence and realise something was wrong. Reopen the case.
Ever since he’d learned about the horrendous incident, a few days ago, he felt overwhelmed with gratitude towards the nanny. He’d even contemplated sending her a special Thank You card or flowers on his behalf, sentimental as that may seem, but sadly, she’d passed away a few years later, Sherlock had informed him.
As John started to cut the cake into generous pieces, Mike Stamford came in, too. “Happy birthday, John!” He was carrying a present. “This is from all of us.”
. He generally refused to look at people, much less strangers. Which made it quite impossible for him to learn any of the gestures.”
“It will pass, I promise. But yeah, Sherlock undeniably has a magic touch with her. You definitely chose the right bloke.” She winked.
“No. No, of course I’m not okay. Malnourished, double kidney failure, and frankly I’ve been off my tits for weeks.” Sherlock squinted up at John, a smile clearly tugging at the corner of his mouth. “What kind of a doctor are you?” Groaning, he settled down on the pillows. “I got my confession, though, didn’t I?” He looked across to Smith, who amazingly managed to pull himself free of the police officer.
him to stop being his usual distant self, stating that John – being the emotional wreck that he’d been ever since the divorce – needed a friendly face, more than anything.
“Also, it is in fact time to get up and get ready to travel to your mum’s birthday lunch,” John added. He left Sherlock reluctantly squinting at the clock as he walked down the hallway towards the source of the now furious crying. Once in his daughter’s room, he took her in his arms and, after a quick nappy change, brought her back downstairs to prepare her porridge.
Also, there was no telling how long it would take for his slight, residual dizziness to disappear completely. It didn’t bother him much at home, but that might be different in a professional setting. He really shouldn’t feel so guilty about wanting to wait another week or two, he told himself.
It seemed that Sherlock was becoming a bit more like his arrogant, posh, former self, of late, which John actually didn’t mind terribly much, because it was more like the man he’d initially fallen in love with to begin with. And although John was happy to have seen him soften a bit these last few years, Sherlock had become decidedly too vulnerable and insecure lately, which had broken John’s heart time after time. Seeing him dash about more confidently and occasionally being haughty and rude again only made John smile, because it was like Sherlock had found the golden mean between what he used to be like and how he had grown to be later on.
Sherlock’s heart hammered in his chest. “Well, you must be thrilled to see us like this,” he said, trying to sound casual. He knew he looked like shit, after three nights of virtually no sleep. “You feed off of this, don’t you.”
“At least that was the last time he stabbed someone to death for their wallet and phone,” John said, his smile exchanged for grim earnestness.
Stupidly, he kept forgetting he was wearing glasses during the train ride to Holdernesse that Monday morning, and bumping his hand to their frame each time he wanted to lean his temple on his fist. He’d hardly slept. John had once more lain in bed with his back towards him, treating him like a brother rather than a lover. It wasn’t that he’d stopped being kind to Sherlock. On the contrary. John had spent the entire Sunday being extremely considerate and helpful, to the point where it had become quite annoying. So Sherlock was actually glad to have an undercover mission that took him away from home for a while. The earl had successfully insisted the building contractor hire Sherlock – or Dan White, as he’d decided to call himself – to assist his crew with the stable’s roof while one of the regular crewmen was at home sick.
Sherlock continued to struggle under him, sweat pouring out of his pores. The world was slowly starting to fade away now.
He picked up a stress ball in the shape of a deadly Mycobacterium – a gift from Molly for some occasion he couldn’t remember – and squeezed it till it disappeared altogether under his now whitening knuckles.
Sherlock sat and stared at Redbeard. Or rather, at the lifelike painting of him, made by the man who’d murdered him 34 years ago.
“No, not now,” John replied quietly into his neck. “Maybe later sometime, and only if you really want to, but not now.” He pulled back to look at Sherlock. “I think we were going a bit too far with our wanting to make up for lost time.” He smiled faintly.
As to being with a man, well, it was certainly different from being with a woman; but then again, it was different with everyone, so there was that.
As you may have noticed, there were various Easter eggs in this last chapter, which I wanted to include as a tribute to all the people who have tried to ‘fix’ the disappointing ending of BBC Sherlock, including its lack of LGBT representation, which to many came as a slap in the face after the makers’ scattering about so many hints of that nature.
They were trying to spare him, John knew. He should really be interrogated, just as Sherlock was being right now. But he had just lost his wife. His wonderful, lovely, sassy wife – an image he’d actively helped keep up in the past months.
“Wait, what?” Eurus had exclaimed. “Does he know your true identity?! How can you still be safe here??”
Sherlock cringed. “Not now, John,” he said quietly. “It’s okay, we’re safe. We’re at the hospital. Everything is going to be fine.”
“Four years,” Smith said, softly. “Well, that’s a long time, isn’t it?” He drew his lips back from his teeth. “Four years.”
John smiled back, still somewhat incredulous, and remained still as a statue, afraid to break the spell.
Eurus thought for a bit. She had always wanted to be in the other chair during a psychotherapy session.
“... over a week before I even thought of coming here,” John lied, enjoying the shouting more than he should, really, “you knew exactly where you’d need to be picked up for lunch?”
“Yoohoo! Are you boys decent?” Mrs Hudson’s voice rang through the upstairs hallway, only seconds after.
“She’s smart and confident and that’s why you were attracted to her. No reason to beat yourself up over that. If anything, I should have seen it. But I didn’t, either. She’s clever, John. It’s not your fault.”
When he woke up the next morning, his arm still on Sherlock’s chest, he gratefully drank in the sight of Sherlock peacefully sleeping a hair’s breadth away from him. He smiled at the thought that he would likely not soon get used to this kind of view. Then he closed his eyes again, not wanting to wake Sherlock just yet.
“Watson’s made an online booking at a therapist’s on Windsor Drive. Thought you might like to know.”
So that’s where John hid the tracker. And that is how they followed her every move, from the quiet of 221B. While Rosie pottered about contently with her toys on the living room floor, John would occasionally glance at his screen and say “Hmm… Norway” or “Oh, Poland now.”
Sherlock was standing next to him, naturally not leaving his side for even a second, and translated for his brother.
The sun seemed intent on turning 221B into a textbook example of the greenhouse effect. The stupid star was just too bloody close to this damn planet, Sherlock thought.
As they walked across the hall, up the stairs and down the dormitory corridor, Sherlock went over the options in his head. If the French teacher had abducted the earl’s son, he feared it looked very much like a sex offense, but if someone else had, it was more likely abduction for ransom. Unless the perpetrator had indeed first tried another window, which again made it look more like a pervert stealing a random kid. On the other hand, they could not entirely rule out tomfoolery; an innocent, though illicit, excursion of the boy himself, having gone out exploring in the night, perhaps stargazing, in which case he might just turn up when he got hungry and tired. Although to be honest, that would logically have happened hours ago already.
. Just stop it, whatever it is that you’re thinking,” John ordered. “It’s just… I simply need time to come to terms with this. That’s all, okay?”
Mr and Mrs Holmes seemed rather dumbfounded to hear their middle son’s elaborate descriptions and considerations about his art, which were all very well thought out and sensible, just as one would expect from a proper Holmes.
John was silent for a moment, apparently trying to solve some puzzle. “So I’m… your first?” he said eventually.
John sat back to give him some space and watched with restrained heavy breathing as Sherlock positioned the dildo and started to slowly push it inside.
“Finally! About bloody time, mate.” John slapped him on the shoulder. He was genuinely happy for them.
Meanwhile, he was frantically searching for a phone charger in the bag Mycroft had brought him. So far, he’d encountered a toothbrush and toothpaste, among various sets of underwear. As if any of those things mattered. “Yes, hello? Alice?” His voice sounded loud and hollow in the quiet of the room. “Hello. I’m still here. Can you hear me?”
“Very well. Nanny Forsyth said she saw Sherrinford making a slashing movement with Daddy’s axe – which we had explicitly been told never to touch, even me – repeatedly swinging it down at something on the lawn with all his might. She initially couldn’t see what it was. She instinctively shouted, because she was afraid he might hurt himself, but of course he couldn’t hear her. As she started to run towards him, he let go of the axe and moved over to you. When she arrived at the scene, she saw him sitting on top of you with his hands around your neck. She scared him away and he let go of you. You were unconscious. There were rope marks around your neck. Next to you, she found his blue skipping rope and the axe. About two yards away, where the garden steeply sloped down to a lower level, Redbeard was lying in a pool of his own blood. He had a wound to his chest, just above his heart.”
For now, it was more than enough just knowing that they felt the same about each other and no longer having to push away or hide those feelings. That alone made John feel as if he could fly.
At one point, three courses into their meal, Mummy very deliberately put down her cutlery and rested her chin in her hands, smirking. “You’re in love with him, aren’t you?”
When he came back in, Sherlock announced from his chair, “Molly will be here in twenty minutes. She knows this cake place that she will take us to. Greg will come as well.”
“There’s something you don’t know about me yet, John,” Sherlock said with a slight slur, not moving from his position lying flat on his stomach.
“God, we definitely have to try this the other way round some day,” John panted. “This feels so amazing. I want you to feel this, too.” He meant it.
Culverton was in the strange habit of periodically confessing his random murdering to friends and relatives while they were hooked up to some memory altering drug, so that afterwards, they never remembered a thing he’d told them. One time, right after such a session, his daughter Faith had started to take notes. Before she’d written down anything relevant, however, Smith had gently taken the note from her. He had given this note to Jim, challenging him to send it to Sherlock and see if he could solve it.
“No, I’ve never been there.” She looked puzzled. “Never known anyone who has, either, until Bob and Jack, that is. Well, except one uncle, who moved there when I was little, but he’s hardly been in touch since my dad died. But all I’m asking of you, really, is to just find out who my stalker is. A name is all I need. Well, and preferably some photographic proof. I was told you were good at shadowing people yourself.”
“Listen, er,” John said, “tomorrow morning, when I’m at work, Molly will come here to stay with you until lunch. Then Mrs Hudson will come up in the afternoon, until I’m back, okay? The day after, it will be Greg and Mycroft taking turns.”
“Well… to some extent. Not really. I’ve told him that. I’ve told him to stop putting himself in danger. To stop doing drugs.”
It wasn’t until she saw John sitting at the visitation table that she realised it was him. The glasses and moustache didn’t fool her for a second.
Finally, John continued, “I’m personally not particularly comfortable with the idea of anything up my arse either. I totally understand. It’s all fine. I just... I love you.”
“She’s out there, she obviously likes him,” the therapist went on, “and does he have the first idea how lucky he is?”
Only when Greg sat down next to John and asked him for his witness statement, did John realise that it must now be quite obvious to everyone who’d been in the flat that he and Sherlock were a couple now.
“Sherlock has not been out of the flat for a week, but he is now. It’s not looking good, John. I’m worried. He seems determined to take his frustration out on the world.”
“I should probably, um, stow this thing away somewhere secure,” Sherlock said, “before I drop it, or something.”
“Have you heard of that thing, in Germany?” Craig had asked Sherlock, after he’d helped him trace both the origin and the destinations of the busts in question.
With everything he did, he could feel a direct response on his own cock. When he planted soft kisses, John would tenderly run his tongue alongside his shaft. When Sherlock dragged his nose over the sensitive underside of John’s bum, he was rewarded with increased suction and some beautiful moans coming from deep within John’s throat.
“We used to be so close. The three of us.” Sherlock swallowed. It was essential that he got this right. Of all the times throughout his life he’d had to give it his all, this was the one time he needed to get it one-hundred-percent-right. For John.
He’d been quenching his nerves by scrolling his Twitter feed for the past hour, and liking the incoming birthday wishes.
When he wiped his fake persona off his face, he seemed to wipe away a layer of stress, as well as a bunch of frustrating memories from the recent past.
It was clear that he had enjoyed the film, though. John had always liked this sort of thing, endlessly going on about The Exorcist, The Omen, Shutter Island and the like, even though it was beyond Sherlock why, indeed. But he suddenly wanted to tell John he would watch the entire film with him, regardless. Just like they’d watched James Bond together – one of Sherlock’s fondest memories, with John giggling at every bit of Sherlock’s elaborate criticism of the extremely unrealistic storylines.
Sherlock thought of Irene, but she was safely out of the picture. He considered for a moment. “Janine,” he said eventually. She was in fact probably at Baker Street right now, waiting to look after him and give him his pills. It was her turn, this afternoon.
As far as dreams went, the following months had been like a nightmare. But just as you do in a dream, John had accepted most aspects of it as a reality, in spite of how absurd it all was.
They had coffee at Reading station and a muffin at Oxford, where they waited for a cab to take them to their final destination.
He was pleading, submissive, and it was an entirely new side of John that Sherlock had never seen before. Sherlock looked at him in wonder: this beautiful, amazing man who wanted to become his husband and who, Sherlock then realised, loved him unconditionally, as it appeared. Each time when Sherlock had doubted John’s love for him, he had turned out to have been wrong, and even though Sherlock had gone and pushed him away more than once, John had not budged or stopped loving him. And now they were going to tie the knot. Forever.
as well as miserable. Broken hearted. Sherlock could read it clearly in the small lines of his face now. All this pointed unequivocally in one direction: Mycroft did love someone, intimately. Someone he apparently couldn’t be with. Someone he hadn’t told anybody about. A married man, most likely, whom he saw only under strict conditions. Flawlessly arranged secrecy.
They manoeuvred through the kitchen and the little hallway beyond, until they’d reached the bedroom. Sherlock carefully helped John undress, focusing on ways in which John didn’t need to strain to keep his balance or exert himself in any way.
“Sure, Jim. What’s up?” Rose had replied, always chirpy and unconcerned, eager to do whatever was asked of her as long as it would generate some adrenaline.
Sherlock was mildly surprised when suddenly there was a client standing in the room. He hadn’t had any of those in a while.
Sherlock lifted himself from the sofa to stand next to John, as the earl said, “By the way, I heard from the DI that you found a box of Xanax of Edith’s behind the school this morning. So do you still think she has something to do with it?”
They lazily nuzzled each other’s necks as their arms encircled one another. As they lay there, peacefully, Sherlock considered how the human longing for intimacy could manifest itself in such different ways, the beauty and tenderness of this moment a stark contrast to what possibly could still be a sex offence being committed right under their noses against Arthur Beverly. He still cringed every time he thought of that possibility and tried to tell himself that the recently emerged facts did not at all point in that direction, what with the perpetrator taking the trouble to plant a false clue. Nevertheless, the worry was like a persistent knot in his stomach that suffocated his thought processes like a constrictor snake.
Not until three whole months later at least, a week before Christmas, when he’d informed her that Sherlock had invited the both of them to his parents’ house for the holiday.
“Or if he might be trying to find out who her friends are and which ones she trusts, so that he can somehow get to her or her money through them? But he could do that far more easily by just continuing to date her.”
There was clearly no point in denying. “Yes, well, I’ve been meaning to tell you, actually…” He couldn’t suppress a nervous twitch of his mouth as he spoke.
Rose had already married his love interest, and still Sherlock Holmes was coping relatively well. What was the baby going to add to that? It was no fun merely seeing Sherlock gradually wither away with heartbreak, as had been the case until now (and annoyingly slowly, at that).
Sherlock opened his hand and watched the silly googly-eyed stress ball resume its original shape in his palm.
Sherlock stared long and hard at John, his eyes suddenly very shiny. He cleared his throat. “John, I’ve been meaning to tell you.”
Sherrinford, still frowning, did not take the offered pencil, but instead, reached for a brown pencil and started meticulously tracing the blue rope choking Sherlock, to make it brown. Then he took the blue pencil and drew his blue skipping rope lying on the floor, some distance away.
The earl nodded in acknowledgement and sat. “I’m sorry to barge in here like this,” the man said, clearly uncomfortable. “It’s just that… I’m not very strongly convinced of the investigative capabilities of the police anymore.”
She could be pretending to be anyone right now. She could pose as a patient and walk into John’s consultation room any day.
They languidly nuzzled each other’s necks, hands sliding under T-shirts, and mouths finding yet new spots to plant kisses.
John thought about all the shoelaces that had existed in the world, going back to… what? The Stone Age, probably. Brilliant invention, really.
He opened the daybook on the desk, struggling once more to understand what it said. Besides deciphering the shopkeeper’s writing, he also had to figure out the meaning of the codes and numbers in and above the various columns.
“Oh, yeah, I can imagine. That’s really annoying,” Eurus had said, internally bewildered. She had considered to get up and leave. But she’d wanted to know about Watson. “And how are things with… John?”
Sherlock gave his first blowjob – which only lasted two minutes, because John practically came the instant Sherlock touched him with his tongue, and climaxed for real as soon as he used all of his mouth and applied the lightest of suction.
“Oh yes, quite sure. In fact, I’m rather hoping they will come out of the weekend as contented as we are, as a result.”
As he got up and took his umbrella, Mycroft seemed to remember something and turned back around to Sherlock. “Oh, by the way, I’ve decided to trust your judgment regarding Eurus and resolved to relieve Hannah of duty the day after the funeral. Daniel will stay on downstairs for another two weeks, just in case, but at least you two will finally have some much deserved privacy. Enjoy it.” He raised one eyebrow, smiling, and left.
“I made sure he would never teach again. Found out he’d committed plagiarism on his Bachelor thesis, so his teaching qualification was withdrawn. He became a bus driver. Got killed in a road accident.”
“Very good, actually.” A smile automatically crept into John’s face at the mention of his lover. “Although I’m not sure that I don’t have that problem you just brought up, just because we’re both blokes.”
When they arrived in Clapham, they hung up a couple of posters on unused doors and derelict walls, before heading to the location where Eurus was known to squat.
Sherlock was mainly happy that Sherrinford finally got some recognition and appreciation for his extraordinary self-taught skill.
Maybe it was good to take some distance from Sherlock. Get his life back on track first, so that he could see things more clearly and could make healthy decisions again. To make not everything in his life always be about Sherlock anymore.
It had taken Sherlock some trouble to look up its name – which had turned out to be ‘pick-a-back-plant’ – and to purchase one, but he felt he needed to give something in return for the painting he’d been given last time. Also, it was his way of opening a conversation without words. Of communicating, ‘I remember what you liked and thought you might enjoy having this’.
What would he tell Rosie, he wondered, when she wanted to know about her mum? What she had been like? How she died?
His gaze froze, unfocused, a quality of resignation descending over him. Then, pensively, almost inaudibly, as if he were talking to himself, or maybe to his insects, he said: “Yes, actually.”
He looked at her performance, at her palette of intense facial expressions and bodily movement, mesmerised.
“I’m looking for Westminster Abbey,” the lady said, “which is supposed to be near here. Do you happen to know the way?”
It was the one time he was glad for having a slight cold. He sniffed, “yes please,” and made a show of wiping his nose appropriately.
“I don’t have very long with you, so I just need you to tell me what you can see outside the plane.”
“I… I’m sorry,” he said, before turning and leaving, his posture like that of a puppet whose main supporting wire had snapped.
How on earth was he ever going to find out what happened that day, that so radically changed both their lives?
“It’s the most logical explanation,” John continued. “He’s probably madly in love with her. On the one hand, he wants to see her and begin a relationship, but on the other hand he does not want her to fall victim to the deal he struck with Jack, and he is sufficiently afraid of his friend not to break the deal. And Bob is determined not to let Jack succeed in seducing her, which is why he follows her to prevent him approaching her.”
John looked at Mycroft for a moment. “Sherlock’s not your only brother. There’s another one, isn’t there?”
One day – when, for some reason, he had some ridiculous flower behind his ear – John finally glanced towards her, on the bus.
“That was...” Sherlock couldn’t quite find either the words or the energy to utter them, and just settled for a heavenly smile that came completely natural in the moment and that he was sure would convey the same meaning.
John had actually managed to make Sherlock come just with words once: whispering both sweet and filthy things into his ear while kissing his neck – and subtly pressing his bulge to Sherlock’s naked cock as he was straddling him, but otherwise not touching him.
As he continued to stare at the motionless silhouette of the most important person in his life, his thoughts bitterly drifted back to the sick individual who had deliberately harmed John in this way.
They’d agreed to only take straightforward cases with next to no danger and minimal legwork, for the time being, and requiring as little interaction with strangers as possible, for John. (They were slowly practicing exposure to strangers at the shops, not yet at crime scenes.)
He was no longer sure which touches were welcome and which might not be. Which ones he did for Sherlock and which ones for himself. All the times he’d touched his lover in these past weeks, he’d done so under the naïve assumption that they delivered the same message he’d wanted them to convey.
She was a very pretty woman, in her mid-thirties, with short, blond hair not reaching her chin. She had big, sparkling eyes and a pronounced jawline. Not to mention a perfect figure. She was dressed, however, in a rather dull, oversized T-shirt and faded jeans. Basically, she looked like a Bond girl who was trying to look like an average mum.
On another note, I keep deciding to split chapters in two, increasing the total number of chapters even though I’m not actually adding new plotlines. Some scenes just turn out to be a little more wordy once I’ve written them down. Sorry for the confusion.
He sleepily thought back to the previous night and the way Sherlock had looked up at him with delighted serenity and hooded eyes, just before John had emptied himself into him.
“So, do you think they bought it?” John asked, his gaze nervously flickering over the interior of DI Lestrade’s office.
“You know,” John said, after a while, “in the middle of all this mess, what I feel really bad about?”
Initially, the rather impressive disappearance in the shop had been the main reason for Sherlock to be convinced that there was something more to this. He’d soon found out, however, that both Bob and Jack were gold traders, which explained Bob’s successful vanishing trick in a silver and goldsmith’s workshop. Probably a client he knew well. Sherlock would pay him a visit as soon as he had the necessary prop to give him a believable excuse to start a conversation about the supply of gold. Hopefully tomorrow.
From that moment, everything had changed. For both him and Sherlock. John moved back into 221B without a word to Mary. Sherlock had had to stay in hospital for several more weeks, where John came to visit him every single day. Often, he’d even slept there, in Sherlock’s bedside chair.
“Don’t worry,” she whispered, “your secret is safe with me. Both of them.” She smiled. Then, suddenly solemn, she added, “I hope you find little Arthur, soon. Please will you try your very best?” She looked up at Sherlock with big, pleading eyes and Sherlock nodded, muttering an excuse as he grabbed his hat and glasses and left.
in therapy, you know,” John smiled. “Back when I was still going to Ella, immediately after returning from Afghanistan.” John thought for a bit. “Sometimes it takes a long time before you can really see that other person’s side, and their personal motivations. Years, even. But you have to try. And you’re doing that now, which is a very good thing.” He nodded. “By the way, his approach didn’t exclusively have negative effects on you, you know.”
Meanwhile, Mycroft was working on his thankfully already rather decent command of British Sign Language with Sherrinford as they were coming in, being in the process of debating where to hang up their coats.
Maybe he should start putting a bit more effort into his blog again, John thought. Update more often.
Everything was alright. Literally, everything. They were publicly out and the world hadn’t ended. Together, they had solved all the adversity that had been thrown their way, and they had survived.
He continued: “Ever since, whenever it was exactly – after I met you – I’ve gradually come to realise that I’m not… actually… entirely...”
. John would knock him down if he had to. If Sherlock would pose a threat to someone, John would not hesitate to defend them. Even if it was Smith.
As the month of November was probably the least busy with tourists of the entire year, they had their choice of flights and hotels.
After their ways parted, John travelled back to London. He first went to take the medicine box to New Scotland Yard for fingerprinting, enjoying the impressed faces of the DI in charge and also Moore, who happened to be on duty. When he walked out into the now rather hot summer sun again, planning to hail a cab, he heard a familiar voice call his name.
After an hour of tossing and turning, and devising plans of revenge should she ever somehow come face to face with the little shit, she suddenly remembered.
John unhurriedly started undressing Sherlock – whose lazy smile indicated his approval of the proceedings – and then made quick work of his own clothes, after which Sherlock instantly conjured up a bottle of lube seemingly out of nowhere and applied the contents onto John with dazzling and delicious dexterity.
He tried to order his thoughts, but his mind had turned into complete chaos, like an indistinguishable blur of white noise, leaving him utterly unable to judge her intentions. (Which was rather ironic, seeing as he’d come here to learn exactly that: to trust his intuition and to mistrust people in apt situations and in apt situations only. That had been the whole point, for God’s sake. Was she just messing with him for that purpose?)
“Oh yes,” Sherlock admitted, speaking softly, “I did take some cases that could be solved quite easily without legwork. This card is from a very relieved mother in Canada. Her little girl called me from a flying plane while being abducted and I managed to deduce where she would land.”
Sherlock found out that he especially liked neck kisses while John touched him. And that John preferred when Sherlock pressed close to him from behind and nuzzled his hair.
“No, no, it’s fine,” John smiled reassuringly. “It’s just… still a bit of an unfamiliar sensation to me, is all.” With Sherlock between his legs like this and the electricity just now provoked by such a subtle touch in
John was about to approach him once more, but Sherlock suddenly seemed to have remembered some Very Important Thing he needed from the cupboard in the far corner, and darted away again.
“Yeah, fine,” John nodded, shame and guilt crawling over his skin for his stupid obsession with penetration, as he tried to smile and ignore his disappointment and frustration.
After Sherlock had hurled the gun into the Thames, he said, “’Taking your own life.’ Interesting expression. Taking it from who? Oh, once it’s over, it’s not you who’ll miss it.”
Although it must be admitted, that perhaps John’s threat might have helped to remove his last doubts.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows, looking back up to John, his mouth a surprised little ‘o’. “You want to go... home?”
John was sure he was in heaven: to see Sherlock beneath him, limp with abandon and preciously smiling with his eyes shut, his legs resting on John’s back, as John’s cock slowly sank into that beautiful, lean body. John was practically gasping for air. And when Sherlock briefly opened his eyes and looked up at him as if John were the only thing that would ever matter to him in the world, John thought he might cry for joy. The intimacy of it all was mind-blowing.
“Well, looks like it was Arthur’s mum after all, who waited here to meet him and lost this from her bag.”
John realised his mouth was hanging open and quickly closed it. Then, he casually shuffled closer to the building, so he could catch more of what they were saying.
“I think we very well might. And I definitely very much hope so.” John was smiling calmly, while inwardly, he was screaming ‘Oh, god yes, please be mine forever’.
Sherlock tried to focus on his surroundings: the layout of the room, which smelled of old curtains and citrus-scented all-purpose cleaner. Only one entrance from the hallway, and one emergency exit onto Kingsley Road, where some of Lestrade’s men stood loitering about, undoubtedly either pretending to smoke or actually doing so. Several others, Sherlock knew, were in the waiting area, posing as candidates for Horatio’s role. Meanwhile, Sherlock feigned having his attention on the men in front of him droning out their lines.
On the day of the baptism, he had been feverishly trying to solve a particularly ugly armed jewellery robbery in Colchester. It seemed she had been becoming more and more versatile of late. It didn’t even seem to be just about the money, although that was probably still her prime motivational factor – even when Magnussen was no longer there to extort any payments from her. Her other ‘drive’ was the one thing she and John had in common: they were both adrenaline junkies. But each in a vastly different way. He liked to help eliminate trouble, while she liked to create it.
As the three of them drank their tea in silence, John’s eyes were once more drawn to the paintings all around them – at least the ones he could see. They were so very intricately done, with lots of details, shining surfaces and complex shadows and reflections. Truly beautiful.
It was decidedly enjoyable being out with just the two of them again, Sherlock thought to himself, so he didn’t mind lingering a little.
John carefully shifted off of Sherlock, lying down on his side, while deliberately remaining pressed close to his lover.
“Oh, he’s been making so many paintings since he’s been in Wantage, you have no idea. We keep having to take them away in truckloads to the store room we’ve rented. Mycroft actually started renting a second one for him now, I believe.”
? Good thing I’m the only one in the world, then.” At that, he started softly kissing John’s neck, letting his hands roam down John’s front.
When one day, an innocent-looking ginger girl flirted with him on the bus, he saw the perfect opportunity. He needed someone else. Someone who wasn’t a psychopath, for once, thank you very much.
Sherlock seemed about to protest, opening and closing his mouth like a fish out of its water. But before anything coherent occurred to him to say, John took the last step to close the distance between them, putting one hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and the other around the small of his back, drawing their bodies close – to which Sherlock did not object. He then tenderly kissed Sherlock on his lips.
A certain melancholy in Mycroft’s stance betrayed his being only human, after all. His cold exterior seemed to have thawed, somewhat, now that he was in mourning over the passing of a long-term lover. A lover that nobody had known about – a fact which left him grieving all alone, without receiving sympathy from anyone except, possibly, Anthea, and which undoubtedly made it all the more painful.
When Ophelia number Two entered, he was less distracted by the quality of her acting, and more focussed on ruling out the possibility that this could be Miss Moriarty. Her jawline was similar, as was the position of the eyes, but not the shape. Make-up could do wonders, though.
Several times, John had put an arm around Sherlock in bed, but Sherlock had simply pretended he was already asleep even if John knew he wasn’t. In spite of what John had been telling him, Sherlock seemed convinced that John didn’t love him anymore. There was just no getting through to the bloody moron of a genius that he was. It was starting to reach the point of being pretty damn infuriating.
The fragility of the precious interaction he had been witnessing triggered Mycroft’s mind to present various worrisome scenarios, each of which urgently demanded a counter-plan. If Sherlock ever lost what he now had with John, it would devastate him – to put it very mildly. It was the typical cruelty of life to create something this terrifyingly beautiful and then take it away again.
Another memory popped into his head from a few months later: John not responding when Irene had implied to him she was in love with Sherlock – despite her usually not being into men like that –and telling John ‘
“As I thought. Hence, we need to try out how to plaster these things to sodding walls so that we won’t draw too much attention to ourselves being all awkward near her building. John, are you alright?” Sherlock quickly grabbed John’s arm, just in time. He clearly wasn’t steady on his feet and had been about to sink to the floor, despite their taking it very slowly.
“Er…” There is a short silence, which Sherlock apparently attempts to overcome by frowning very hard. Eventually, he tersely states, “Pretty much, yes.”
Without answering, she took an unused evidence bag from her pocket and, turning it inside out, she picked the paper up without touching it.
He swallowed. Thankfully, nothing about her reminded him of Mary. (Well, except her name. Sometimes he thought about having it changed.) Funnily, she had the exact same frown as Sherlock, though.
Even after two days, Sherlock already seemed to be improving, to John’s great relief. He was suffering withdrawal, of course, but the buprenorphine and Xanax appeared to be pulling him through rather well. He was still on a drip for most of his nutrition, because he only managed to keep a rather small part of his food down, as was to be expected for someone whose body was still adapting to functioning without heroin. But at least he was now getting all the alimentary compounds he needed to recover – from his wounds, as well as his malnutrition and the toxic drug effects.
Finding the name of the theatre group that was going to hold auditions for Hamlet turned out to be a rather bigger challenge than expected. Searching for ‘Hamlet London’ or ‘auditions Shakespeare’ led absolutely nowhere. But eventually, after a whole morning of frustrated google searches, Sherlock found the website of a small local theatre showing an image with an audition announcement for Hamlet in a corner of their “next projects” page. They would take place on 23 September at 7 pm. No need to sign up in advance.
John lay in bed, uncontrollably grinning at the ceiling. Sherlock had fallen asleep on top of him, effectively trapping him, so he couldn’t move. At all. The git. John’s girlfriends used to complain that he did that too. He could even feel Sherlock’s semen leak out of him, probably making a stain on the sheets. But he didn’t care.
As soon as he enters 221B, John is met with the muggy heat inside the flat. Sherlock is nowhere to be seen. His bedroom door is closed.
As Sherlock was recovering, he’d gradually filled John in on what he thought he then knew about Mary. How he was quite sure that she was Moran, Moriarty’s former right hand.
John gave him an open-mouthed smirk and huffed, then shook his head. “You meddlesome busybody of a genius.”
Eurus sighed, as she switched on the faint little night lamp in a corner of the furthest part of the derelict building, away from the busy street. She took the cheeseburger from the plastic bag she’d been carrying and sat on a broken chair propped against the wall, to eat.
While they slowly undressed each other, Sherlock purred seductively into John’s neck, “Although I can’t wait to taste and feel you for real, I want to do something else first.” He threw John’s last piece of clothing onto a chair and ran his hands playfully over John’s bare chest. “I’ve been practising, John. Do you want to see?” He suddenly seemed to have turned into a flirtatious teenager, slightly shy and proud at the same time. “I’ve been wanting to show you,” he added in a barely audible whisper.
Sherlock and John soon started signing to each other when Rosie was asleep and they didn’t want to wake her, or while one of them was in the middle of a phone conversation, or when for whatever reason they didn’t want to be overheard in public. (That last one, of course, at the risk of someone around them knowing BSL, but still.)
He cursed his own stupidity. He hadn’t charged it overnight, naturally, because he’d been at his parents’, and he hadn’t brought his charger because he hadn’t known he wouldn’t be getting home last night.
Sherrinford seemed at peace with the present, at least, marvelling at all the decorations, the traffic lights, the sky.
John rested his forehead on Sherlock’s shoulder, letting out a long breath of relief. “Wow,” he sighed. “You probably won’t believe me if I tell you I’ve been wanting to do that for a very long time.”
By the time Sherlock and John had brought Sherrinford back to Wantage and had themselves arrived back home that evening, they were absolutely knackered.
Strangely, sometimes thinking of Sherlock still made her relive the traumatic experience of her almost-execution in Karachi. The giant sword glinting in the faint light. His familiar eyes intense behind the black niqab all of a sudden. The overwhelming rush of adrenaline and relief.
He walked over to the window, closing the curtains before switching on the lights. The days were getting noticeably shorter. And colder.
“Is it, really? I’d thought, at six months… Yes, you’re probably right, Hannah.” Mrs Holmes was opening cabinets to fetch tea mugs while she talked. “That store is in Bristol, isn’t it? It’s almost an hour’s drive, but we have no choice, I think. Though, we were actually going to visit Sherrinford tomorrow, weren’t we? That’s three hours driving to and fro already. It’s his birthday.”
Sherlock shifted uncomfortably in his chair, not sure whether he should perhaps say something back. Tell John he was dreaming.
Although the experiment had been a rather efficient form of distraction, it could never fill the gaping hole that was John’s absence.
She started baking a cake the minute he entered the house, because that was what she’d been planning to do, for the church’s charity fair. She did manage to cheerfully ask if he wanted tea or coffee, before starting to whisk the ingredients together, but after that, her baking meant no form of communication was possible for the next half hour, because she claimed she could only do one thing at a time; not bake a cake and have a conversation simultaneously.
Sherlock moved to his side and scooted up a little, so they were at the same level. “Morning, Doctor Watson,” he mumbled, cheekily, only half-awake still.
Sherrinford’s exhibition opened the week before Christmas, at the art gallery where Janine worked. Another artist had broken their contract and Janine had only been too glad when Sherlock had called with his suggestion the very next day.
“What did she ever do to you, then?” said a third. “She was a bit weird, is all. Not unkind or anything.”
When the buttons were all finally open, John impatiently shrugged off his shirt, then looked at Sherlock again.
Sherlock scooted closer to John and kissed him. They wrapped their arms around each other. They hadn’t kissed like that yet, with full body contact, and it felt incredibly intimate. A whole different level of wonderful from their relatively chaste kisses at the hospital.
“Didn’t you once tell me,” John said pensively, “when you still thought she was a man, that one time she was really upset about being rejected for a certain role? Something Shakespeare?”
“There is sometimes great value in unconsciously made connections in dreams,” Sherlock explained, a little defensively, “as well as in what people have come to call ‘gut feeling’, which is really – in both cases – just a matter of your brain making logical connections between things you might not have registered on a conscious level, but which your neurons have nevertheless stowed away somewhere.
“Listen, ehm. Unfortunately I have to be off in about five minutes,” John said apologetically. “My shift starts at half eight.”
He wanted to do this right: he first had to find out what the legal possibilities even were, exactly, before asking Sherlock such an important question. But the decision to ask him had been made today, on this beach, and it felt momentous and wonderful.
Sherlock, however, had turned noticeably more quiet and withdrawn. Even though his mother had meant no harm, and Sherlock knew she couldn’t help it, her words had clearly still affected him. He took it with admirable dignity, John thought, showing his hurt only by his lesser engagement in the conversation, still managing to smile occasionally at the puns his father made. But he seemed wary, cautious, somehow. And John couldn’t blame him. The glimpse he had gotten that afternoon of how hard it must have been for Sherlock and his brothers growing up with their mother’s lack of perceptiveness only increased John’s sympathy for them. Sherlock had been enduring a lot to continue to be compassionate for his mother, John now understood.
. He also got rid of his bra and the silly flower in his hair, before quickly lubing himself up. He then leaned over Sherlock, planting his hands on either side of his torso and very carefully applied the lightest pressure to Sherlock’s arse for a few seconds, before he felt it open around him and he slid in easily.
Sherlock didn’t usually ride John, but now this was perfect; with Sherlock taking control, John decided to fully go with the flow and let him do what he wanted. He didn’t even push back up against Sherlock; he just underwent. Magically, it was as if every sensation was enhanced by not actively contributing to it himself. And it was scarier than he’d have thought.
“It seems he hasn’t, no.” There was a short silence. “He was very young, Sherlock. He’s no longer the little, angry boy who liked to torment his baby brother. I’ve been trying to tell you, but of course I respected your reluctance to… reconnect with him.”
Both he and John had seen very little of Mary indeed over the past months, which in itself wasn’t a problem, of course. But her way of vanishing without a word, and regularly even leaving the baby home alone, had been taking its toll on John, not to mention Rosie herself, while it somehow hadn’t managed to bring him and John any closer to their goal.
For the first time in years, Sherlock felt at peace. His withdrawal symptoms had faded into the background, and John was visibly recovering day by day.
What gave people an enormous positivity boost are the incredibly realistic and very in character "Contact"
As he took a bite of his cake, it occurred to him he might as well check if that security camera he’d planted at 221B the other day was actually working.
“Thank you! I got it from Ally, you know…” Charlotte’s face fell into a sad smile, from which seconds later, only the sadness remained.
He could hear John tossing off faster now, and Sherlock slowly realised that the accompanying slick sound was John using Sherlock’s semen as lube, which ignited a surge of fresh arousal in him in spite of his spent state.
Greg then turned to Sherlock, who was now sitting up respectably on the sofa next to John, and he frowned, incredulous. “Wait, are you
“Protecting her from his own flatmate and old pal, with whom he travelled all the way from South Africa to the UK?”
This whole episode also put Sherlock’s anxiousness about their current case in a different perspective. Sherlock was clearly exceedingly aware of what could happen to little boys at the mercy of ruthless men. It wasn’t that this thought had never occurred to John, but he simply hadn’t had any reason to dwell on it, seeing as finding the boy ASAP was already the highest priority. But he had now. And he did.
“But don’t you want some answers?” John asked. “Don’t you want to know what he’s like, now, as an adult? He’s still your brother, after all.”
out of reach, right under his nose the whole time, where Sherlock could theoretically walk up to him and touch him any moment he chose to. But an invisible veil had been draped between them, preventing either of them from doing so.
“Hmm. If you’re asking me on a date to a fancy restaurant, as I understand is the case, you should ask me properly, though.”
He fished his phone out of his pocket and thought about texting Sherlock. He opened their text history and scrolled back up to read the last couple of texts.
John felt his heart swell. God, how he’d longed for them to finally be together. Even though they already kind of had been, in so many ways but one.
He considered checking online if there happened to be any therapists near his work, so that he could go during his lunch break, when Rosie would have to be at nursery anyway. Which made him realise that he needed to contact the nursery they’d chosen and see if Rosie could start there earlier, assuming Sherlock and Mrs Hudson would not want to keep looking after his daughter on an even more regular basis than they already had, whenever he’d had shifts at the surgery while Mary had been gallivanting around the world with this AJ crook.
John hurried to the station to catch the 5.02 back to Marylebone and Baker Street. He’d texted Sherlock just before his last patient to ask whether he should get something to eat along the way, but Sherlock had replied that he had arranged for some Indian to be home-delivered.
(This is one of those things that back then made me think that Moffat and Gatiss knew what they were doing. Now, I see it as
“Thank you!” She instantly turned and walked to the rear of the car, making John frown. She unlocked the boot and opened it.
That instant, she heard the faint sound of glass shattering from the direction of Sherlock and John’s bedroom.
The look on Greg’s face in the doorway as John was appearing from below Sherlock on the sofa was rather priceless. His open-mouthed shock, however, quickly morphed into the widest smile they’d ever seen on his face and they couldn’t help but grin sheepishly back at him.
John let out a nervous giggle, which, however, faded quickly. Sherlock took in a deep breath just as John let out a long sigh. They glanced at each other, and then John very carefully took Sherlock’s hand in his. They continued to sit there like that for what felt like hours, staring out over the heath even well after the dark clouds started to release their superfluous water. Only when they were threatening to become drenched to the skin, did they leave the tranquillity of nature to quietly head back into town, back home.
In the next few minutes, the conversation seamlessly shifted from art to neuropsychology to the geological structure of volcanoes, as easily as most other people talked about the weather, or what their neighbours had been up to.
This was it. They were about to go to his bedroom and do it, Sherlock knew. He felt a strange calmness descend over him and he gently took hold of John’s hand. “Come on,” he whispered.
She carefully crept through the little corridor to Sherlock and John’s bedroom and listened at the door. All seemed quiet.
Ah. Might have gotten a bit carried away, Sherlock then realised. He tried to shake off the fantasy, deciding once more it was only for the best if it never became reality. He sat up, blushing, and attempted a smile, before starting to unbutton John’s shirt and trailing his hands over John’s chest. He planted a single kiss there, before reaching for John’s fly and undoing it in one fluid movement. He took John in hand and went on to kiss his mouth while tossing him off. He made sure John could do nothing but passively undergo it, which he deserved, after all, after a long day’s work, by keeping both his wrists pinned together on the armrest with his other hand.
Besides all that, she’d had a bit of a shock when this Sherlock bloke had gotten in touch last month, to tell her that John was in hospital. The network connection had been flaky for days, so she’d only received the message when John was already out of his coma. Hence she hadn’t had the chance to worry too much in the moment, but as the days passed, she’d started realising how she would have felt if the original message had reached her immediately: that her brother was in a bad way and might not pull through. He was still her brother, after all. Her only connection to her past. Well, him and Aunt Viv. They were the only family she had left.
There was something desperate about Sherlock, something John had never seen in him before. Almost pleading, submissive. And it was breathtakingly beautiful.
He took one of Mrs Hudson’s coats from the coat hooks on the wall and sighed as he handed it to her. “You’re suicidal. You’re allowed chips, trust me. It’s about the only perk.”
The CT-scan had shown oedema in his head, a slight swelling caused by the blow of the bullet. So they’d put him in a medically induced coma, in order to minimise the chance of brain damage during his recovery. By reducing the metabolic rate of brain tissue, the brain was being protected from more swelling, which could otherwise constrict blood supply and destroy additional brain tissue, the doctors had explained to Sherlock. But that meant John was intubated and ventilated, and there were several monitors continually showing all sorts of readouts that Sherlock could make neither head nor tail of.
After putting on his dressing gown, he padded into the kitchen and put the kettle on. When he opened the box of teabags, however, it turned out to be empty.
Sherlock had quite a vivid memory of just this one fragment, nothing more: his youngest older brother putting the blue rope around his neck and pulling, as he struggled for air… but was that memory even accurate? In it, he’d already been lying on the ground, flat on his back. He had no recollection of how he got there, what happened just before. Had they been fighting? If so, over what?
Five minutes later, the three of them were all sipping their tea peacefully, as the infant contently investigated Harry’s shoelaces from her realm on the floor.
The director exchanged a look with the others behind the table. “Alright, Jenny, start from ‘He took me by the wrist’,” he said.
He smirked, and checked his notifications. Just as he heard the shower being turned off and he was about to get up and tell John about Eurus, a retweet caught his eye.
“Hello, yes,” he said to a nurse behind the desk, “since you’ve got several empty beds on the ward at the moment anyway, I’ll be occupying the one next to the new patient who’s just been brought in, John Watson.”
By the time they arrived home, they were practically drowning in smiles and kisses and unable to stop groping at each other.
Surely his skin could melt any minute now. He had only been lying on the sofa back at 221B for as long as it had taken John to pour him a glass of ginger beer – with ice – but already the effect of the refreshing shower he’d just taken (primarily to wash the hideous hair gel out of his hair and get the eerie fake tan off his face) was beginning to wear off due to the increasing afternoon heat.
“At least she has relatively good timing, for once,” John jested, as he got out of bed and quickly put on some pyjama bottoms.
Meanwhile, Sherlock kept rolling his head this way and that, sometimes seemingly gasping for air as if his primary metabolic functions were struggling to maintain homeostasis. Frankly, Mycroft was quite grateful there was no audio, because he was reasonably certain that the sounds coming from his brother’s throat were fairly obscene, which he could tell mainly by the smug smirk on John’s face that was visible whenever he came up for air.
Luckily, there was still time for a proper shower and the removal of his neck tattoo and false missing tooth, which required almost as much time and attention as it did to apply them.
John’s eyes went soft and one of his hands gently grabbed Sherlock’s. “Are you listening to me?” he said. “I
“Janine, shall we go, darling?” Sherlock’s voice suddenly sounded from right beside him. John nodded, then cringed as Charlotte looked at Sherlock approvingly and somewhat flirtatiously. Sherlock, naturally, instantly picked up on this and flirted right back as he said, “So nice to get to know this wonderful little group.” He directed his comment simultaneously at Mia, who was only standing a couple of feet away, pouring a cup of tea. “Thank you so much for letting us pop by.”
He rested one hand on the railing, looking westwards to the London Aquarium. Where it all began… Or ended. He couldn’t really tell.
“Oh? Please enlighten me with your theory, then.” When clients had their own suspects, they were usually right and the cases rarely were worth his effort.
At the far end of the spacious room, a slender man sat in front of the large window, on a wooden stool covered in paint stains. He stiffly turned his head to them, his eyes widening at the sight of the strangers.
John stepped across to the chair by the door and picked up his walking cane. Turning back to the bed, he held it up. “So how… how does it open?”
So, just like John had served as Sherlock’s social compass, his guide and translator in the past, last autumn the roles had been reversed and Sherlock had been John’s shoulder to cry on, his true friend he could invariably confide in, and his indispensable giver of advice. John had desperately wanted his child and his life back, and Sherlock had helped him and been there for him every step of the way – even when he had been severely wounded.
“Ambulance?” Sherlock giggled apprehensively, appearing embarrassed. “I’m fine, really. I just haven’t had time to eat all day, you see, is all. I’m so sorry to have caused you all this trouble. Really.”
He couldn’t care less about the gloomy weather. Under his hands, he could feel the rise and fall of Sherlock’s breathing, now calm and slow. Very different from last night, he mused.
Within seconds, the smoke spread enough to set off the fire alarms. “Fire! Fire!” the earl shouted, looking at Sherlock sideways, clearly wondering what on earth they were doing. Sherlock had never denied loving a touch of the dramatic, and he could now feel anticipation rise like champagne bubbles in his stomach.
“No, it’s fine,” Sherlock managed. Thankfully, he’d had himself tested only a couple of months ago to eliminate any kind of contagion through needles that might have taken place when he’d been too doped to care during the foolish exercise he had undertaken last summer.
Sherlock found himself repeatedly needing to push away the thought that maybe it had just been the wine, that John would regret what had happened as soon as morning came.
Sherlock had gotten Culverton behind bars, without getting himself killed. Eurus smiled. Jim had won the bet, posthumously. Of course. He was always right.
. I’m like a pro at covering my tracks. Or rather, at not leaving any tracks at all!” And he’d smiled his smarmy smile.
“Looks like you’ve passed it to me and Chloe, too,” Sherlock mumbled. “I’ve stayed up with her as long as I could for her evening bottle. She’s in bed now.”
So Eurus had needed a new plan. It hadn’t taken her long to find a nice, perky wig, a striking deep red lipstick and a cute dress.
Naturally, the letter ‘s’ was still impossible for her to pronounce. And the ‘r’ was rather tricky to get right.
Sherlock started stroking him while he thrusted into him from behind as they both lay on their sides – something he’d never been able to do in their usual position. It was Sherlock’s hand-job that brought John to the edge in no time, and when he crashed down, it was with a force like he’d never known before. Coming like this, with a cock up his arse, was by far the most glorious orgasm he’d ever had and he was quite sure that all of Baker Street was now privy to that fact. Not that he cared. He was simply blown away.
. Come back when you’re married and no longer high on bloody sex hormones, for crying out loud. Go!”
John snorted. “You’re a total git, aren’t you.” His eyes smiled in a way that reminded Sherlock of their first year as flatmates and it made him want to kiss him on the spot, weird outfit and all.
He reminded John of that bloke from Crimson Peak. Tom Something. Quite good-looking. Just like him, Sherrinford had sharp cheekbones (no surprise there), wavy dark-blond hair, and piercing blue eyes.
The Georgian estate building where Sherrinford lived was surrounded by old beech and pine trees, which were softly rustling in the breeze. Several of the residents were sitting outside in their wheelchairs or wandering about the lawn for some fresh air. One man, who was transporting logs in a wheelbarrow, kept stopping to wave elaborately at everyone he saw, including them.
When he stepped back, he saw Sherlock look at him with an unprecedented and barely concealed fondness that made John want to melt into a puddle on the spot.
Molly had stopped touching and probing him and the ambulance was now taking several hard turns at very slow speed.
John lifted Rosie out of the car, baby seat and all, and carried her into the house. She giggled at the drizzle landing on her little face. John smiled at her.
John’s face broke into a grin. “Ha, you’re on!” he said emphatically, and pulled Sherlock into a kiss.
The three of them had been sitting around the breakfast table in their pyjamas, eating toast and crumpets with Canadian maple syrup.
That night, they put Chloe’s cot at the foot of their bed, so that she could sleep in the room with them and they didn’t need to climb the stairs each time her sore throat made her cry.
He should really stop making assumptions without checking, Sherlock resolved, once again, regardless of how good he was at them most of the time.
“Molly, I was wondering if you would still remember the Abergavenny murder victim,” Sherlock began. “The strangled greengrocer: tall, white-blond guy.”
’. That was much more important than a stupid marriage ceremony at any rate, which he wasn’t sure he ever wanted to put himself through for a second time anyway (regardless of what Sherlock’s mother seemed to think).
John stepped outside, just as a helicopter flew overhead. He looked at the expensive-looking red car, parked at an awkward angle outside the house, with rubbish bins lying on their sides near it.
A couple of days went by with Sherlock poring over the Abergavenny file again, taking all the crime scene pictures off the wall and putting them up again in a different composition, enabling him to scrutinise every detail quite literally from another angle.
Arnold was deaf himself and taught British Sign Language without speaking. Sherlock had initially not known this approach was possible, but it turned out that it was, which was ideal for the two of them to learn it simultaneously, without putting Sherlock at an unfair advantage.
His neurons fired away madly as John used his other hand to roll the condom down in one delicious, slow stroke.
Sherlock had loved the way John had become undone below him, moaning and whimpering as if he were in danger of dying of pleasure. It felt as if he suddenly had magical powers, being able to make John squirm under his touch like that.
They didn’t lean into one another on the sofa anymore. They’d hugged twice on John’s birthday, but not since. John took care of him, which was nice, but also meant that he treated him, well…, like a patient. More distant than before – although it was subtle enough for no one but Sherlock to notice, he guessed. It all went harmoniously enough and Sherlock wasn’t complaining.
– whatever that meant – feeling only the moment and nothing else, no past, no world outside this room (definitely the wine), and then stared at Sherlock’s mouth for another moment before adding, “What’s more…” He then felt himself leaning forward, bridging the final gap between them and gently grabbing Sherlock’s neck as he softly pressed his lips against Sherlock’s.
you think I will ever believe you or trust you again, Sherlock! This is just one of your schemes again, I just know it. Now get me out of here. I want to go home.”
Why did these outrageous thoughts keep forcing themselves upon him at every turn, when there was no use, anyway?
It was a moment before John found his voice. “No.” He shook his head. “I’m really sorry to hear that, Aunt Viv.” He swallowed. “I was so glad to have found you again. But what you’re suggesting is ridiculous. I mean, for heaven’s sake, what would your motive even have been?”
Mycroft pursed his lips, nodding slowly. “Yes, I do see what you mean. That was a very curious decision, certainly.”
When John’s hands reached the small of Sherlock’s back, he pulled Sherlock more tightly towards him, grinding his cock into Sherlock’s thigh, apparently desperate for friction.
After hanging up, he stared into space for a long time, trying to find alternative angles that would shed new light onto the whole situation.
“Yes,” Sherlock replied in a matter-of-fact tone, still handling beetles. He then frowned. “Well. Err... No. I mean...” His voice trailed off, sounding uncertain.
It wasn’t that she was afraid of dying, Vivian Norbury thought to herself. She had long known that the end was near.
Through the growing fog of her malaise, she suddenly remembered something. “Oh, I’ve been meaning to ask, how is your sister, Harry?”
John thought he very well could, because it’s what he had done, after all, but he wasn’t about to argue.
This was what she’d longed for him to do to her, so many times, in this very bed. She felt a little spike of anger at the memory of the previous summer. Sherlock had seemed so shy and unsure of himself where sex and intimacy were concerned. It had been irresistibly appealing, somehow, and had only made her yearning worse. Now, she saw that he was perfectly capable of making love; in fact better than many guys she’d slept with, by the looks of it. She’d known for a while now that he fancied men – or more particularly John – of course, but she’d never quite been able to picture what he would be like in bed with the right person.
Sherlock was squinting against the daylight, his wrists handcuffed together in front of him. He looked like hell. Unshaven, grubby. High.
Through his evolving relationship with John, Sherlock changed. And to his own surprise, he was happily aware of it. The effect that John had been having on him ever since they met, of making Sherlock want to be a better person, kinder, and less closed off to other people, was now accelerated through their increased intimacy.
He wondered if all the safety precautions were still really necessary. Was Eurus still shadowing their every move, or had she gotten bored and found a new project already? Just to be on the safe side, he texted Mycroft as well, to let him know where he was.
John opened his laptop and spent some time reading a couple of articles on a news website about David Cameron’s ridiculous plan to organise a referendum about whether or not to stay in the EU –
“Well, there just wasn’t…” Sherlock considered for a moment how to phrase this. “There was never anyone I felt consistently attracted to and simultaneously sufficiently comfortable with, before you.”
John had topped about two dozen times now, and had subconsciously been waiting for Sherlock to initiate a switched position, as he was stupidly nervous about it himself. Still, as much as he loved it when Sherlock was submissive and open as he was when John made love to him, John was also more than curious to see what his lover would be like if they switched. Also, seeing Sherlock so blatantly display his feminine side the other day had kindled a longing inside himself to do the same. Not so much in the sense of dressing up, as much fun as that had been, but more in regard to occasionally assuming a more passive role and handing over control in bed. (Not that those were inherently feminine things to do, necessarily, but that angle did evoke a certain notion in him.)
As soon as he’d finished his plate, he got up to grab his phone and gave John a quick kiss on the lips. “I’ll call you when I’m heading back.”
When they asked after her personal life, she even told them she had now finally found a local therapy group that had helped her stay off the booze for over a year already. That she and Natalya were in a good place – Natalya having finally landed herself a rather good job at a large chemical company, which was basically a hobby that she had next to her ‘real’ work at her own little lab at home, in the second bedroom, trying to make durable bioplastic.
Once she’d set the timer and finally sat down across from him at the kitchen table, she managed a tone that sounded both enthusiastic and uninterested at the same time. “Visited Sherrinford? Did you, really? How was it? What painting was he working on?”
Smith twirled a finger to indicate their surroundings. “I built this whole wing. Kept firing the architect and builders so no one knew quite how it all fitted together. I can slip in and out anywhere I like, you know... when I get the urge.”
Sherlock, the git, responded with, “Really? I correctly anticipated the responses of people I know well to scenarios I devised? Can’t everyone do that?”
“Ah, I didn’t know.” She momentarily wracked her brain trying to remember if she even knew about the existence of another brother at all. She decided to pretend she did, and smiled. “That sounds great, though.”
After the initial alarm of hearing those words had subsided, a relaxation set in that bordered on drowsiness, causing him to belatedly realise that John had gotten up into a half-sitting position and was spreading his kisses out all over Sherlock’s torso.
He was about to say it wasn’t really a therapist; she had just pretended so as to get close to him. But that would only lead to more questions. And the less people knew, the better. He didn’t want word to get out that Sherlock Holmes was looking for a mysterious, evil woman, who was good at disguises, since all sorts of folks would start muddling the investigation.
If only John had ever come this close, had ever leaned over him with such a hungry, excited look. Sherlock would certainly not have felt the fear and repulsion he felt now.
John opened the front door of the therapist’s house and silently stood aside while Sherlock, rubbing one of his wrists, stumbled inside.
That’s right: he’d said he loved John, after all, John suddenly remembered through the curtain of haziness in his head. That had not been a dream, right?
John realised he was probably right. Save for the occasional meal that John had managed to force onto him, no one could ever make Sherlock do or stop doing anything – least of all Mycroft.
Strangely, as he kept his eyes fixed on the wooden panel opposite the bed, it seemed to slowly swing open. Then again, the blue circles appeared to be moving all over the walls and his bed was floating around the room, so he’d better stop trying to make sense of what he saw, Sherlock thought, as he let his eyes fall closed again.
Once at the museum, Sherrinford stopped signing and interacting with Sherlock. He just looked. Looked and looked and looked, soaking in all the art, all the different art styles, colours, techniques.
? Bloody hell. He couldn’t help but grin in response. “Not my missus,” he said, shaking his head. “My boyfriend.” More chuffed than he cared to admit, he left the driver with his mouth hanging half open and turned to follow Sherlock.
John had been more aware of the risk of heredity and had struggled to a lesser extent. But still, the minute he faced trouble or emotional hurt, or fear, his first impulse always was to turn to the bottle.
Then a slow motion replay of the signs that had been used, with pictographs explaining their meanings. After that, another scene, of someone asking a train conductor for directions at a train station in BSL. Then someone ordering a cup of coffee.
Nevertheless, as he sat there between John’s legs, he kept adding more lube over his prick, whether to prepare for the act or to put it off, he didn’t quite know. The same was true for what he did next, after a minute or two. He inserted his fingers into John once more, to make sure he was still open.
Would Eurus Moriarty be clever enough to avoid going back to the same safehouse? She probably had a dozen of them.
“It would be a shame, after all,” Sherlock said, “to turn down a free gift from the Government. And I bet the suite has a jacuzzi.”
When the bottle was ready and Hannah made to take Rosie back from him, he instead took the bottle from Hannah and went to sit with Rosie in his chair, supporting her little head in the crook of his arm, so she could drink. “You need a rest,” he said to Hannah, his eyes still fixed on Rosie. The little girl’s closed eyes signalled her approval of having been given her milk, while she diligently sucked at the teat.
As their luxury room was considerably larger than the places they’d stayed at previously, this not only meant that Chloe finally had a proper play area of her own, but also that they had been able to put Chloe’s cot around a little corner, giving them some privacy in bed at last.
At first glance, it would simply seem Bob was obsessive about his potential new girlfriend, but it didn’t make sense that to Violet he had frequently seemed reluctant to meet again and cancelled their last dates, at least once with a false excuse.
Until early spring, it had mainly been a matter of looking after her and the baby in a very practical manner, which had been doable. But after a few months – which was a much longer time than they’d anticipated they would need until having her arrested– once Mary had started expecting physical intimacy again, he’d had to play along with that as well.
John’s heart was hammering in his chest as if it were trying to break free. As much as he wanted this, it scared the shit out of him all the same. He so badly wanted to get this right.
John plastered a smile onto his face and greeted her. “Hello, darling. Er, we were just leaving, in fact.”
He bought things for the new apartment he was soon going to move to, like a clock and a plant, as well as some new clothes.
He loved Sherlock and he loved nothing more than to make love to him like this: to have Sherlock look up at him expectantly from below, with his legs around John’s back as he pumped into him. It was the best feeling in the world, in spite of the guilt eating away at him. But Sherlock had asked him to do this, even though John didn’t quite understand why.
John Watson and Sherlock Holmes were walking down the Rue de Rivoli, towards one of the world’s most renowned art museums, The Louvre, in Paris.
Sherlock silently, slowly got up and placed himself between her and John. “Not everyone gets what they want,” he replied quietly. Then he gritted his teeth. “Not everyone
“Sherlock put on the deerstalker. As a tribute to Mary, I guess. Then I had to go pick up Rosie, so I left.”
Now, as his head began to clear, bit by bit, and he considered all the jigsaw pieces, he realised there was no way they fitted together into one coherent story. It started to dawn on him that Sherlock might have spoken the truth after all: that none of all that could have been real.
“Gradually getting worse, as expected.” John sucked in a breath. “She made Rosie a little teddy, though. Amazing, given how weak she is. She’s so kind.” John was silent for a moment. “And how are things over here?” John eyed the chaos of discarded clothes around him.
As he waits at the bar for their glasses to be filled, he once more considers his options with his flatmate. Some of those options fall in the ‘wise and sensible things to do’ category, and others in the ‘I don’t care and just want to get off with Sherlock Holmes,
She closed the report she’d been working on and walked from the office area into the morgue, two doors down the corridor.
John’s heart broke a little more when he saw Sherlock almost falling off the kerb as he headed for the ambulance.
“It’s alright, Mrs. Hudson, honestly; there’s no need. He’ll probably solve the case just by looking at these for less than half a minute; you know him.” He winked at her, a gesture that seemed to have a magical effect on ladies her age and one that he was never reluctant to use, and went up the stairs.
John turned to Mrs Hudson as she walked in, anger welling inside of him. “How did you get him in the boot?”
So they were having a nice, proper three-course meal. With Chloe thankfully fast asleep in her moses basket on the floor next to them, they talked and they laughed about nothing and everything.
The second time they visited Priory School, the grounds were bustling with pupils rather than police. The younger kids were playing tag on the lawn, while older ones sat under trees, quizzing each other in the shade.
Not ten minutes later, he found himself on the roof of the stables, from where he could rather perfectly oversee all activity while laying roof tiles.
John efficiently used his full weight on the scraggy robber, as he held him down onto the hard rocks, twisting his arms behind his back.
Of course, Greg regularly informed them of the progress on the case from the Yard’s end. He actually worked together quite closely with Mycroft and his team now. But they were only taking baby steps, it seemed. How two teams of professional investigators weren’t able to outwit one capricious woman with a taste for revenge, he would never understand. It was probably just going to be a matter of waiting till she struck again (or until she turned up at an audition for Hamlet) and hoping to catch her then.
John remembered the eerie high security prison with the screens showing Moriarty making train noises. The ridiculous, cruel assignments they had to finish in order to get off that ghastly island. The horror clown in the stately manor. And the well with the bones. Something with a little girl’s song and a garden full of fake Holmes gravestones.
Sherlock looked up at her, shocked. She’d teased him about John before, implied things in a tongue-in-cheek sort of way. But now she was dead serious. Her eyes were even sadder than before.
In reality, the name Hell stemmed from the Old Norse word for ‘overhang’ or ‘cliff cave’, John had read on Wikipedia. (He liked to look such things up rather than keep wondering.)
Sherlock realised he was stuttering a little, as he thanked her for everything. And John was decidedly more quiet than he usually was, and merely stood there nodding a lot.
Sherlock wanted to disappear into a hole in the ground. He’d texted her. Just an innocent, stupid text, symbolic really – not realising she’d deduce his bloody location from it.
The anticipation he felt throughout the rest of that day was completely lost on John, much to Sherlock’s ever-increasing annoyance. John was reading up on medical journals and would probably not even have noticed if an elephant had casually strolled into the room.
“I like your daisy,” she said, in the sweetest voice she could muster. That skill was at least one useful thing to have come out of theatre school.
Getting off with Sherlock was infinitely different from his last sexual experiences, with Mary; because those had been laced with a very different kind of passion – first grief (over Sherlock’s supposed suicide) and, later, outright hatred (for her having almost killed him for real). John had initially expected it to be hard to let go of those very unhealthy associations, but it wasn’t. Sherlock was Sherlock, and although John had wanted to strangle the man on plenty of occasions in the past, there was nothing but love and tenderness in their shared intimacy. When they were together like this, the world was safe and wonderful, and any worries they might have in their daily lives were utterly and completely gone.
EDIT 25 October 2019: Yeah, it's 40 now. (See notes at the bottom of previous chapter.) *wipes away tears*
“Yes, just brill. You?” Sherlock smiles at him, as if nothing is out of the ordinary. Casually and relaxed, he finishes his glass in one go and puts it down.
In the following minutes, Sherlock’s face was becoming more and more flushed, he repeatedly licked his lips and incredibly kept tilting his hips as if trying to reach even deeper.
Sherlock’s body took over as the larger part of his brain turned off, his cerebellum switching to an autopilot program he didn’t know was on there.
It was funny seeing Sherrinford be so in awe of these paintings, that were barely of superior quality to his own, Sherlock thought.
only essential for case-related stuff, but also on a personal level, you know?” He turned towards Sherlock. “I love you, and I want to keep loving you for a very long time. But for that, I need to
Meanwhile, at Holdernesse Hall, a letter was brought to the earl on a silver tray. Without paying much attention to the clumsy writing on the envelope, Beverly slit it open and absent-mindedly started reading the awkwardly formatted letter inside.
Whenever Sherlock wasn’t looking after Rosie, cooking dinner, or cuddling up with John (or Rosie) on the sofa, he was working on his Moriarty Wall above the fireplace. There were pictures, newspaper clippings, as well as his own notes, stuck to and around the mirror, connected with threads in various colours with different meanings. Sometimes he would pitch ideas to John and they would discuss hypotheses as to Eurus’s plans and how to thwart them.
“Freak alert!” she hollered. “Here he comes!” The sunlight bounced off her dark plaits as she ran backwards ahead of him, facing him. “I bet you’ve never even kissed a girl, have you? Ha! Do you wanna know what it’s like? Do you wanna kiss
and on the brink of losing control. It was a somewhat worrying but beautiful sight and it made Sherlock want to get to know more of this side of him that was now meant only for him.
“Our parents didn’t invest a lot of energy into raising us, other than arranging access to the best schools and then presumably assuming that the teachers did the rest,” Sherlock went on. “They never bothered to set any social rules beyond table manners to guide our behaviour. Never showed interest in how our day at school had been or discussed with us how we could perhaps try to resolve the everyday conflicts and struggles that children naturally face on a regular basis.” Sherlock sighed. “But Mycroft was more than happy to fill in and teach me the ways of the world. In his own, unique way.” He rolled his eyes. “And on top of all that, he would continuously tell me I should stop being so slow and think faster, be cleverer. For instance, whenever I asked him to play with me, he’d only consent to doing so after I’d have finished reading some voluminous book or, quite often, after an elaborate private lesson in deductions. ‘
One spring afternoon, two weeks into their relationship, when John had had an early shift, they were doing just that when they heard a brusque knock on the door. Since Sherlock had instructed Mrs Hudson not to let in any clients, with this narrowed-down choice it was quite easy even for John to deduce it must be Lestrade.
Sherlock let himself smile back at her, and, as they did a little eyebrow dance at each other, they both knew she knew exactly what they’d just done.
Sherlock was silent while they ate, his thoughts haphazardly jumping between the Moriarty case, sex with John, and what happened to Redbeard.
He wanted to turn away from Sherlock, felt it was what he should do, for his own wellbeing. Just like he had with Dad and Harry. But he couldn’t. He just couldn’t.
John scribbled down the name on a new page of his notebook. “Good. Craig. I know this must be difficult, especially as I may ask you some things that you have told the police already, but can you tell me anything at all about your partner, Steve, that could be relevant to his disappearance?”
share a bed with her, so I did, but that’s all. I slept with her literally, but not metaphorically, John. When I said I hadn’t done this with anyone before, I meant
He spent the following hours analysing Bob’s posts and comments on Facebook and Twitter, and looking at the information on his LinkedIn profile, on the website of the company he worked for, as well as that of his former employer, the college he’d attended and the Dungeons&Dragons forum where he was active.
For the next ten minutes, Sherlock worshipped John, and more specifically his arse hole, which John had given him permission to enter, by kissing every square inch in its vicinity. He didn’t care about hygiene, because this was
On Wednesday morning, they once more moved around each other awkwardly in the kitchen; John feeling the heaviness of Sherlock’s former secret still pressing down on him with the exact same force it had for three days now, while Sherlock seemed to have the single goal of leaving for Holdernesse Hall again as soon as possible and performing every action required to do so with utmost efficiency.
“The case,” Sherlock elucidated. “I predict there will be some discord between Violet and Bob tonight a little after eight at The Ledbury. We need to be there in order to ensure a happy ending.” He got into a half-sitting position and nuzzled John’s neck, adding, with some innuendo, “I think we might just have time for a shower.”
Sherlock nodded, stupidly standing in the middle of the room, a vexatious bubble of happiness gradually expanding in his stomach.
“Then we should do it again some time,” Sherlock heard himself say. It’s what he’d observed people often remarked after an enjoyable evening together. Which was most definitely what this had been.
After holding each other like that for a while, John noticed Sherlock’s breathing had slowed down. “Now the food is really getting cold,” John jested. “Let’s eat, shall we?”
The poor plant subtly waved its big leaves at them at an odd angle, seemingly in an attempt to remind them of its predicament.
John was apparently having similar thoughts, as he suddenly said, “So what was it that prevented us from telling each other how we felt?”
Sherlock no longer felt his too-tight, heeled shoes as he walked through the corridor of the theatre. Rather, it felt like he was floating on a cloud, gliding effortlessly, as in a dream.
“Your secret is safe with me, don’t worry,” Molly said. “Please let me know if I can, you know, help in any way.”
“Must be something comforting about the number three,” Sherlock said, pensively. “People always give up after three.” He raised his eyes to Smith, who stared back at him in horror. Sherlock’s gaze moved across to John, giving him a meaningful look.
The goldsmith, with raised eyebrows, started to say something about the collection date, when Sherlock turned around, wavering slightly on his feet as he clumsily made his way to the door, where he rather elegantly collapsed onto the floor.
“A witness report, of sorts. Of Sherrinford’s first crime scene. Second hand, though. I asked Mycroft to recount what our nanny said she saw.”
“Yeah, well, I’ve been in the same clothes for two days already and I wouldn’t want to chase my patients away by risking a third day,” he smirked.
Before he opened his eyes, however, he remembered. The pillow he was resting on, was a living and breathing
On the third day, they received a message from the one remaining Ms Borgias, stating that she was intending to give them an enormous reward for retrieving the family gem. It looked very much as if they wouldn’t need to work for money for a good while.
As Molly stared at the landscape passing by, her thoughts kept turning around in circles about this whole operation and the reason for it (poor John!).
Janine could feel her skin flushing as she suddenly became aware of their shallow breaths – which involuntarily stirred something deep inside her – and she smiled inwardly at the realisation that they were probably deliberately keeping it down for
After having let Sherlock frantically run around the flat for some time, looking for clues himself (and not finding anything the Yard hadn’t already documented) while John finished answering Greg’s questions, John eventually handed Rosie to Hannah.
They were both going to be in recovery mode for another couple of months. But since Sherlock had started recovering first, he reckoned he should be better first, as well.
The rest of the morning, Sherlock appeared to pretend nothing had happened. John, however, felt rejected in a way he hadn’t felt in a long time and he wasn’t sure why it meant that he was seemingly carrying a giant rock in his stomach.
She really shouldn’t have longed to have fun along the way, to try and get a role in a stupid play – which wasn’t even a paid part.
“He’s short-sighted, or he was,” Mycroft’s voice suddenly said. “His recent laser surgery has done the trick.”
Vivian had just gotten to the part where she was recounting the number of deaths The Peppers had caused at the Embassy that day – namely every living soul in the building, including all of the Embassy’s kitchen staff – when they’d suddenly heard the faint cocking of a gun from the direction of the tanks with the floating invertebrates behind them. The next thing Sherlock knew, he heard another gun cock and fire, and all of a sudden there was Mary, lying trembling on the floor, a faint trickle of blood seeping through her blouse.
enough.” She said the last words while obviously barely managing not to roll her eyes. “But he is seriously starting to freak me out, to be honest.”
He couldn’t help longing for numb emptiness, oblivion. He would be able to buy it only a few street blocks away, he knew.
He decided he needed some physical energy (or rather, biochemical) first, anyway. He went to find some biscuits in the kitchen.
“Alright, enough of this,” Sherlock said eventually, trying to school his features back to normal. “Let’s go home.”
And after another pause, “Well, except maybe things like attending social occasions you’d rather not go to, in which case I will simply drag you there by your ears.”
With many thanks to deaflock for letting me ask her a million questions about being deaf and for proofreading this chapter! And also once more to Mamaorion for the beta, as well as my long time betas mydogwatson and Jonathan, of course.
Then followed the deepest sleep he had experienced in a long while, with strange, intense dreams about donkeys, mountains, his parents, and his favourite aunt, floating in the sky.
If you happen at any time to spot any mistakes, however small (be it typos or whatever other sort of errors), please do let me know in a comment! (What can I say, I’m a perfectionist. ;) )
And the other mind palace scene, a.k.a. TAB, where, in the middle of the greenhouse scene, just after John asking, "As your friend – as someone who... worries about you – what made you like this?" and Sherlock answering, "Oh, Watson. Nothing made me", scrabbling claws can be heard together with a sound of a dog whimpering anxiously, or as if it is in pain. Sherlock turns his head in the direction of the sound, saying "I made me." And then, "Redbeard?"
“Thanks. I’d really appreciate that,” John said. “I think I’m too drowsy still to do it myself. It would be great if you could.”
(By the way, I have seen people call this an AU, but it really isn’t, as far as I’m concerned. It’s meant to be 100% canon compliant, that’s the whole point. The happy crime solving trio was just a false picture Sherlock painted during his witness statement to protect John, the hug scene we saw on the show was the version John told his therapist, etc.)
“Listen,” John said, his face more serious, “as much as I like getting it right when I deduce things, I really prefer to just be told what’s the deal.”
There were a million things to consider, a million approaches on how to catch Jim’s sister and eliminate her. Preferably with a little revenge. Or not so little.
John let out an audible breath and briefly closed his eyes, as a pained expression passed over his face.
He wanted to kiss Sherlock, hold him, tell him he loved him – but he just sat there stupidly on his knees, frozen, his whole body as stiff as his prick.
The side walls had white wallpaper, covered with trendy, pale blue circles. Opposite the bed, there was a large wood panel attached a couple of inches in front of the wall, curving over into the room at the top, with lights shining around the edges. A light near the bed shone on a drip stand.
“Oh, I can go anywhere I like.” Smith took a ring with keys from his trouser pocket, held them up and shook them noisily. “Anywhere at all.”
want to... get inside you, believe me. God, I can’t image a single thing that’s hotter,” he said, his voice slightly shaky. Then he exhaled slowly, steadying his breath. “But at the same time, if you didn’t want to do it, that would be
Greg grinned, unzipping his coat as he started for the stairs. He had long since gotten used to the unconventional methods of his consulting detective. Just then, he heard John calling “Sherlock!” in a rather desperate tone of voice, as if Sherlock were up to something awful again, which would be no surprise.
Also, it would likely work like a red cloth on a bull, should Mr Smith actually see the tweet (which he probably wouldn’t). Just in case he needed a little more encouragement in choosing his next victim.
Back then (Sherlock now shamefully realised), it hadn’t even occurred to him to share the information with Scotland Yard, obsessed as he and John had been with finding out what had happened in Tbilisi, while awaiting the right moment to catch Mary red-handed themselves.
Sherlock’s eyes shot back up to John, who looked as if he’d just swallowed a bee. The shock on his face indicated that he probably hadn’t exactly meant to say what he just did. Not because it wasn’t true, but because it was, Sherlock realised.
They were still standing almost as far apart as was physically possible while holding each other’s hands.
At any rate, John could no longer claim that nothing ever happened to him. And in his case, that was definitely a good thing.
“Well, …” she said, defensively, without finishing her sentence, seeming simultaneously puzzled and affronted.
“And if you want to dress as a woman,” John added, between kisses, “for whatever reason, or you just want to wear lace underwear, that’s actually completely fine with me. More than fine, in fact.”
Which now left him to wonder: what is love, even, if it could turn into hate after a few additional facts came to light?
“Well, the thrill is part of the fun, isn’t it?” Sherlock smirked, stopping to turn around toward John. “I wouldn’t want us to live boring domestic lives now that we’re...” He seemed lost for words for a second and then quickly averted his gaze.
to distract him slightly from the cravings, which could still be strong and overwhelming, at times. Especially when he felt bored or useless. Rosie’s presence made a big difference as well, besides the silly board games. It was exceptionally interesting and amusing to see the world through a little human’s eyes by observing her reactions to her surroundings. Gravity, viscosity, water: it was all new to her.
Sherlock was happy with his book on plant fibres that John had gotten him from A.Z. Fell’s antiquarian bookshop, and John seemed very chuffed with his engraved pen and hand-bound leather notebook.
Also, their innately different approaches and different sets of strengths and weaknesses were like two complementary colour palettes creating an entire rainbow of possibilities together, which made everything they tried to do so much more easy and comprehensive.
He’d spent the night staring at John in the faint light of his bed lamp, as he was sleeping right next to him. Lying in
Sherlock looked over at John, who looked guilty and utterly miserable. Ah, he should probably clear that up. “John, I… er… actually stumbled on purpose, when you let go of me, because I needed to end up in a hospital bed.”
Seeing as Sherlock was still away, and both Rosie and John were having a late morning nap, she decided to make some hot chocolate milk and take it easy.
Sherlock seemed to fiddle endlessly with the spoon in the honey pot before he finally spoke. “We’ve sat here so many times, having breakfast together, yet this time it’s totally different.”
After breakfast, he spent the remaining part of the morning trying on every single one of his lay-person disguises and all his wigs and fake noses, and throwing them all into a corner in frustration.
First, Sherlock took two pairs of latex gloves from his coat pocket, handed one pair to John, and put the other pair on himself.
Sherlock froze, his breath hitching, his body a tense bundle of muscles. John’s lips met with nothing but passive flesh.
Then, slowly, Sherlock turns his head towards him and opens his eyes, their mouths now only centimetres apart. John is aware of his own chest rising and falling more rapidly than usual. It is the only part of him that still dares to move. He stares at Sherlock, hoping his question is visible in his eyes.
Irene had in fact always insisted Sherlock should make a move, as she was completely sure John felt the same. Much like Janine. They both said John had been so clearly jealous when he’d thought Sherlock had been in love with them. (A ridiculous notion.)
How had she died, again? He tried to remember, but his memories started to fade and slip through his fingers like dry sand.
Also, topping had been different after this. More intimate, somehow. Maybe because he knew what Sherlock was feeling as John topped. And definitely also because he was finally rid of his nagging unease about not being on equal footing.
“I’m quite sure we’re looking at an abduction for ransom,” he said to John, “the clues to which need to be found closer to home. We’ll go to Holdernesse Hall tomorrow morning. Nothing we can do in the meantime. Will you text Beverly?”
With many thanks to ewebie, for letting me ask her questions about British ICU’s and to julzann for giving me loads of info that helped me to accurately describe John’s medical situation. I decided to take some minor literary license for the story’s sake, but overall their information did enable me to make the hospital scenes a lot more realistic.
It took every ounce of effort in his bones to control his thrusts, not to go too deep and too fast. With all his might, he focused on making slow, fluid motions.
Apparently, anything went in the US these days, and some idiot named Trump had announced his candidacy to run for President. She snorted softly. She vaguely remembered him from some sort of American reality show. As she stared at his picture in the paper, she realised he reminded her more than a little of the creep Sherlock had put behind bars a couple of months ago, Smith. Deceptively friendly eyes, masking a complete lack of respect for others.
That evening, in bed, John cried properly, sobbing into Sherlock’s embrace – the cracks in the metaphorical volcano having become wide-open crevices no longer keeping back anything at all – as his lover held his shaking body.
“That is odd, indeed,” Sherlock said. He thought for a bit. “And Mummy was actually in the kitchen when it happened? And she heard
His phone was in silent mode – save for incoming messages from one particular number, of course (although there had been fewer and fewer of those as well).
, a fungus that grows on wood, its name meaning ‘making tears’. Also known as dry rot. Sherlock took a snapshot while continuing to project his light beam from the side, not that Lee and his morons would likely be very interested.
Sherlock only blinked a couple of times, not opening his eyes to more than a slit. Not a sound crossed his lips.
One of Sherlock’s earliest memories suddenly found reason to come drifting out of his mind palace: his old bedroom floor covered with shards of eyepiece glass, with his culpable elbow hovering frozen in mid-air above the alarmingly glittering tableau, as hope of ever being able to use his beloved microscope again seeped away like blood from a dying man. Broken beyond repair. Hoping against hope that things could still be fixed.
Next, John had taken some outings to Regent’s Park to stretch his legs and help get himself back into shape. Daniel, the agent from downstairs, had accompanied him. Together, they’d also gone to Bronzefield to visit Aunt Vivian in prison twice. Sadly, as John rapidly got better, she rapidly got worse. It broke his heart to realise that she clearly had only a few weeks left to live. Then again, she was on borrowed time already, seeing as they’d given her three months in May, which was four months ago. She was incredibly strong and remained cheerful, but he could tell that her energy was dwindling ever more rapidly.
And the fact that John’s sister had, once more, come all the way from Russia to see John again and introduce Natalya to him, meant something similar for the Watsons.
He’d gone back to his old credo of Trust No One, which for once actually came in handy as an ingrained strategy.
Sherlock grabbed at Smith’s lower right arm and flailed weakly with his other hand, trying to dislodge him. He failed. He didn’t have enough strength, not enough energy…
John made Sherlock sit on the couch and put both hands on his shoulders, telling him to take some deep breaths. “Tomorrow’s the audition,” John said quietly. “And Harry is coming over in less than two hours. Let’s not waste any energy on finding other ways to catch her until after, alright? The Yard are already doing all they can.” John pointedly ignored Sherlock’s eye roll at that. “Now, would you like a cup of tea, my love?”
It was not just the dress, though. Even as Sherlock was still in the process of putting it on, something decidedly feminine had come over him: the graceful way he carried himself, how he elegantly moved his fingers, the manner in which he coyly tilted his head to check the mirror. It had made John’s mouth go dry and he cleared his throat – for the third time now. The tiniest hint of a smile played around Sherlock’s lips as he casually glanced at John in the reflection. John hid his lips to quench a grin. Sherlock, apparently, found this a reason to turn his head and slowly bat his eyelashes at John over the edge of one slightly raised shoulder, as he almost unnoticeably stuck out his bottom and let his hands dangle loosely from his wrists.
But there was also still Rosie. What to do about her? Even if Sherlock arranged security at her nursery, where would she stay the rest of the time? He briefly thought of Molly, or Mrs Hudson. They were Rosie’s godmothers and sometimes looked after her, he knew. But if one of them were to take care of her, there would still have to be added security in their home. Then again, wasn’t that necessary anyway? Wasn’t everybody Sherlock cared about a target right now, once again?
When she spotted a small piece of paper lying below the window sill, the size of a receipt, she bent down to look at it more closely.
I sometimes wonder if I should maybe explain some of my narrative decisions from my fix-it writer’s point of view every now and then?
“He took me by the wrist and held me hard; then goes he to the length of all his arm; and, with his other hand thus o'er his brow, he falls to such perusal of my face, as he would draw it.”
“Well, I think maybe it would be good for you to go and see him, now that you can decide for yourself,” John gently insisted. “This is a huge thing that happened to you. You can’t just push it away and pretend it doesn’t really matter. I’ve tried to do that sort of thing in the past and it doesn’t work, in the end, trust me.” John tentatively took Sherlock’s hand in both of his own. “Assuming he’s no longer dangerous, at least – seeing as other people visit him – I was thinking perhaps we could go and get to know him a little. Both of us.”
Mycroft reclined in his desk chair and stirred his tea, heaving a contented sigh as Anthea disappeared through the door with the five hundred page file he’d been working on almost non-stop for the past month.
“Honestly. There’s these two young fellows living next to me who worked for him in distribution logistics. They only recently moved here from South Africa.”
John felt a little uneasy as well. Usually, he’d feel confident that, if it were necessary, the two of them could easily overpower an aggressive lunatic. But John was still a patient recovering from a serious head injury, who couldn’t even walk or stand for more than two minutes without his cane.
“Thank you, Miss Smith. If you would be so kind as to write your contact details on this card, I’ll do my best to solve this little mystery for you. Oh, please do add also the last names of your South African friends, your Twitter username, your working hours and yoga timetable. Saves me a lot of trouble. And please ignore me if you notice me following you about London.” He raised one eyebrow while adding “Not that I suspect you will.”
“I told you not to carry your handbag on your left shoulder,” was all Sherlock had said when he’d found her on his doorstep, before stepping aside with a slight eye roll and a smirk to let her in.
On a hunch, Sherlock started googling the names of the artists in the contemporary wing on his phone and showing their pictures to his brother. “Look, this artist is Deaf also,” he signed, showing him a Wikipedia page. “And here, this one lives very near Wantage,” he pointed, standing next to a painting of a giant still life of a salad bowl. “Would you like to meet some other artists some time?”
“Let’s go to sleep for a week,” John suggested, once Rosie was in her cot. He collapsed onto the mattress next to Sherlock, who, however, gave no answer, as he had already dozed off.
Mycroft took in a long breath, clicking his mouse a couple of times until a window popped up with a live image of the familiar living room, with a clear view on the entrance door and the kitchen visible diagonally in the background. It took his brain exactly 0.2 seconds, however, to determine that the equally familiar appearance of his little brother slouching on the sofa, was accompanied by the entirely unexpected sight of a bare-chested John Watson kneeling between Sherlock’s legs and…
“I love you too,” Sherlock whispered, smiling back. He took John’s hand and interlocked their fingers.
As John’s mouth found Sherlock’s neck and scraped his teeth over bare skin, his hands, which had been holding Sherlock’s sides, started to slide down towards his hips.
After having changed and fed her and put her on her play blanket in the lounge with some toys, John made himself some strong, black tea and sat at the kitchen table.
Maybe he should invite Janine, Sherlock mused. Just to hang out, with a real person. She’d never condemned his drug use and was pretty indifferent about it. They tolerated each other rather well, in fact, which was something he appreciated. He supposed she was almost like a sister to him, even though they hadn’t known each other that long (and he’d once tricked her into dating him for the Magnussen case, but never mind that now.)
“I really want to,” John said, squeezing Sherlock to his chest. “God, I really do. But the past couple of weeks, I just couldn’t, I’m so sorry. I need you to help me get rid of this feeling of guilt, alright? Will you please… guide me?”
When the blue light flashed again, Sherrinford’s smile disappeared and he quickly started putting away the sketches and paintings. When the nurse came in and announced visiting hours were over, he was once more a façade of blank indifference.
After Arnold had pressed a few buttons, fast forwarding past the intro, a scene appeared on the screen of a young man walking through a park, looking around him uncomfortably, clearly having lost his way. He approached a passers-by and signed something to her. She smiled and signed something back. Relieved, the man turned right and found the park restaurant he had apparently been looking for.
Apparently, he’d closed his eyes at this point. Which shot wide open when John turned out to be smearing lubricant all over the condom as he dopily grinned up at Sherlock, enticingly biting his lip.
had appeared to be reduced sufficiently to finally start pulling back on the sedating meds. So they had. And not a day too soon, as far as Sherlock was concerned.
Looking at all his close family members together in one room like this, jauntily talking to each other in such a relaxed manner, Sherlock all of a sudden felt that the family bonds, which had been rickety for so long, due to
John thought it was admirable that Sherlock was able to let it go, regardless – and was glad that he prioritised him and Chloe now that they were going through a bit of a rough patch with her.
“For God's sake, Janine, stop gaping and close the bloody door. Go and make yourself some hot milk.”
be, by the end of the week. But still! Here’s some milk and sugar if you want it. Well, I’ll just leave you to it, then. Call me if you need anything, alright?”
“There were other little things, too,” Hannah added, a little hesitant, as she thought back to her time with the Holmeses. But Sherlock being a close friend, she had been considering talking to him and John about this for a while now, as she deemed it important enough. So she went on, “For instance, I was so proud when Rosie rolled from her back to her front for the first time, but they were completely uninterested, seeing as their favourite gardening programme had been about to start, which in their eyes was clearly more spectacular than that. And when, during my stay with them, I learned that an author my age, who I greatly appreciated, had passed away – which I told them made me very sad – Sherlock’s mother’s only reply was, ‘Well, that’s what people do, isn’t it? Some sooner than others. But even famous people die eventually, Hannah.’ Like she was explaining the world to me, rather than showing any sort of empathy. Not that I was that desperate for any, but her response did sort of stand out to me as rather odd.”
He opens the door, however, to Sherlock standing stock still in front of the window, looking out onto the street. Not sulking – his stance is relaxed, not tense. (And also, he does his usual sulking mostly in a horizontal position, while staring at the backrest of the sofa.)
The next day, Christmas morning, they felt even worse than the day before. The three of them formed a chorus of coughs and sneezes and were now leaving trails of used tissues in little heaps around the flat, like giant snowflakes among the Christmas decorations.
’. Three little green broken chocolate dragons were partly sunken into the layer of molten chocolate on top.
For instance, until last night, she’d been terrified that the little bee teddy she had been crocheting for Rosie might remain unfinished. She knew it was silly, really, but now that she’d attached its little wings, it was as if a huge weight had been lifted from her shoulders. It was done.
After his return, when it had been too late and John had already been about to marry Mary, Sherlock had nonchalantly stated he ‘preferred his doctors clean-shaven’. What kind of remark was
She walked over to where the client’s chair was facing the fireplace and sat down. “I can’t remember. I can’t remember who my father wanted to kill…” She looked down at her hands on top of her cane. “And I don’t know if he ever did it.”
Without a word, he stretched out one arm to grab the lube from the bedside table and handed it to Sherlock.
John swallowed. “You are incredibly beautiful,” he whispered at Sherlock’s sleepy face, running a hand through his messy curls. “You are amazing. You are everything I’ve ever wanted. I want to be with you for the rest of my life, you understand? No more women, ever. Just you. If that’s… alright with you.”
After having bottomed four times now, he still hadn’t experienced the ecstasy of prostate stimulation, and he’d never actually reached orgasm while doing it like that, but still he liked it, feeling Sherlock inside of him. It wasn’t something he would want every day, personally, but he definitely wouldn’t mind seeing Sherlock lose himself on top of him every once in a while. It was mainly the
As he looked around, John marvelled at the diversity of the people he was seeing here, and he admired the guts they had to just follow their fancy, to be unique. Cross-dressing was not just a hobby like travelling or football, which you could accidentally find yourself doing one day to the next without really ever having chosen to. These people seemed to have found something that they enjoyed very specifically, and John almost envied them.
Sherlock giggled. “Yes, definitely the best Janine. Although I personally like you better without the dress and make-up,
John followed them at a safe distance. They entered a supermarket in the next block, where they bought some groceries. Then they walked back to the flat again.
An hour later, after having arrived back at 221B and changing back into their regular attire, John gingerly sat down on the sofa.
He tried to focus his attention on random objects in the room – the dark blue floor-length curtains, and the way they were tied back either side of French windows – to stay in the present, to not let any more images from the past flood in. But it was no use.
“I most certainly did,” John said, lifting his chin with a grin. “For so many more reasons than that.”
The sudden shy but proud smile on John’s face was so genuine that it was crystal clear that he’d found his calling.
(“Jellyfish don’t have eyelashes, is why,” he imagined John dryly pointing out to him, had he actually said it aloud in his presence.)
So John not only bought a tree to hang stuff in, but also decorated the rest of the house with fairy lights, shiny silver stars and mistletoe – under loud, excited cheers from Chloe. Of course, he couldn’t resist throwing Sherlock meaningful glances whenever she did so, and thankfully, he quickly saw Sherlock soften a little at the idea of all that holiday ‘nonsense’. (In part also thanks to the mistletoe, which had been a strategic choice.)
John tightly held on to his empty glass, perplexed. His mind had gone oddly blank, unable to wrap itself around what had just happened.
Greg’s resolute tone of voice almost startled John. “No,” he repeated, in a much lower, but still very insistent voice. “That will only make things worse. We’ll see this through to the end. It will be alright. I pray to God, at least, that it will be.”
There were three beds, one to each wall except the one with the door. “That one’s Arthur’s bed,” the second officer said, from the doorway, as he pointed at the bed to Sherlock’s right. He seemed to have taken over Moore’s task for the moment. The bed was made, but by far not as tidily as the middle one, which clearly was the hospital boy’s. Probably done in a hurry. Or in the dark.
His attention snapped back to the present as the familiar computerised Underground voice announced his stop.
“This girl came to me three days ago,” he began, waving his hand in the general direction of her picture – obviously taken through a telephoto lens. She was pretty. “She’s being stalked. I shadowed them and found out it’s the guy she’s recently started dating, heavily disguised. His name is Bob. But weirdly, he’s been acting less and less interested during their dates of late, while she really likes him. Not an obsessive boyfriend then.”
John was wondering whether he should say something, but eventually decided that Sherlock probably didn’t want to talk about it. What was there left to say, anyway?
Moore gave Sherlock a scathing look as he spun around to head for the entrance once more. John, in turn, raised his eyebrows at Sherlock in warning, and briefly touched his hand as if to remind him that he would be right there with him and they would only have to endure the ignorant prick for a short time. Sherlock managed a tight-lipped smile at John, grateful that he was there. He realised that he was on edge not only because of the thrill of a new case, but also because he didn’t dare to think about the boy’s current situation. Every minute counted.
“Oh god,” Sherlock stammered. “Molly, thank you so much for coming here and telling us. I understand that none of this makes sense to you, but you gave us some very important information. Even though the body was not, in fact, Irene Adler’s, I assure you.”
“In that case,” he said, as casually as he could manage, “how about lugging some boxes tomorrow and help me move back in here with you?”
In Part II, Sherlock tries to solve two new cases, involving several disguises – one of which features cross-dressing – while at the same time he is learning what it’s really like to be in a relationship. Presumptions are shattered, and mainly for the better. However, shortly after Sherlock decides to propose to John, everything they have is turned upside down when John gets a shocking revelation…
He looked expectantly at John from under his brows, almost a bit timid, while absent-mindedly ruffling the dark curls at the back of his head with one hand.
It was an overcast morning late in August when John and Sherlock took the train from Paddington station to go and visit Sherrinford, having left Rosie in Hannah’s capable hands for the day.
Another two hours of googling later, he had learned that Violet’s uncle was terminally ill. And since he never married, his niece was in all probability his only heir.
He looked again at Sherlock’s face: his perfect cheekbones, which were now slightly sharper than usual, his dark curls plastered greasily against his pillow. At his violinist hands lying limply at his sides.
Eurus sighed, staring at their chest. Flat enough, they supposed, thanks to the new chest binder that had arrived in the post yesterday. Not that anyone would notice, seeing as Eurus didn’t feel like going out in the rain.
By contrast, Mary had just seemed… sweet. And funny. Confident. And sexy. Somehow, that had made him not question her at all. He’d genuinely thought they’d loved each other. Until he’d found out that she’d been prepared to quite simply destroy John’s life by having him lose his best friend once
“Oh, yes, good,” Sherlock replied briskly, with a sudden smile. “I mean,” he added, slightly more hesitantly and with all but a stammer, “if... if that’s what you want, it’s fine, of course.”
John looked a little pale. “This will definitely do the trick, yes,” he said, faintly, unable to take his eyes off him.
As they sat in their bed with their arms around each other, Sherlock felt his adrenaline and stress hormones slowly start to seep out of his circulation and become replaced by a heavy and exhausted feeling throughout his body. He felt utterly stupid, but very happy to have been wrong.
Had his subconscious been trying to tell him something? Something he’d already known on a level he wasn’t aware of?
Sherlock briefly wrinkled his nose in a smile. “But I said I didn’t mind if you came, even if the house was already full of armed people walking around. The more, the merrier, I always say!”
The feeling of being inside John was nothing short of spectacular. Sherlock’s glans was suddenly enveloped in warmth and equally stimulated everywhere at once. Low rumbles were escaping his throat as he carefully moved deeper, bit by bit, slowly sinking into his lover. His fiancé.
Back at the hotel, they haphazardly stumbled up the stairs, smiling and nodding innocuously at the receptionist, who watched them over her reading glasses and raised both her eyebrows at their hasty return.
A smile began to form on Sherlock’s lips as the realisation dawned on his face that John had in all probability just solved the puzzle.
“Oh, no. We still need to buy food!” John groaned, lifting himself from the mattress with one elbow.
Sherlock was bent over the desk, one cheek pressed to the wooden surface, his trousers half-way down his thighs, just like those of John, who was standing behind him, firmly gripping Sherlock’s hips and steadily pumping into him – head thrown back and eyes squeezed shut in delight.
“Listen, John is the only person I’ve seen make you happy in a long time, Sherlock.” She frowned, looking concerned. “You’ve got to give this a chance. Talk to him. Maybe things aren’t as bad as they seem.”
“There’s a little park over there,” John pointed, as they started walking. “Shall we sit on a bench to rest from our efforts for a bit?”
He trailed John’s lips with his tongue, the lips that had just spoken those words. He then moved on to John’s jawline, planting kisses along it, just because he could. When he arrived at John’s earlobe, he softly kissed that, too, before going back to his mouth.
When she stepped inside, he smiled at her in an attempt to hide his emotions, even though he knew it was futile.
“Also,” John added, “maybe we can train her to work with us, you know, trace scents and such. That is, if she wants to. We’ll just have to wait and see about that, of course.”
Instead, he carefully took his hand in his, and held it for a long time, as they sat together, next to the table full of drawings.
Outside the therapist’s house, the door of the red sports car opened to reveal none other than Mrs Hudson. Turning to John, she sighed deeply and walked over to him. “Oh, John...”
(Also, John had learnt that orgasms were ten times as intense with something up your arse, no matter which stimulus triggered them.)
Sherlock didn’t so much as look up at John, but kept putting tiny lidless boxes with pinned insects in larger lidless boxes that were spread out over their kitchen table.
“I’m sorry to hear that,” John said. “Maybe you should take some rest. Not bake so many things for the world at large,” he jested, even though deep down, he worried about her. She had always been in very good health ever since he’d known her.
“No you’re not. Come here,” John smiled tentatively, gently reaching with his hands for Sherlock’s face and guiding it closer to his own.
When Rosie was asleep, or was being entertained or taken care of by Sherlock, Hannah would sit at the little desk in John’s old room upstairs (which she now shared with Rosie), or at the desk in the lounge, in front of the window – with the net curtains always closed, of course. There, she would read novels in Russian, a dictionary at her side.
“You can also exhibit your paintings at an art gallery without selling them,” he clarified. “Then you get them back afterwards. Maybe you would prefer that?”
“Yes. But he was never able to learn sign language, or lip reading. Or any other form of communication with others, except the occasional drawing he used to make in his notebook to tell Mummy what it was he wanted. His limited mental capacities presented another difficulty. That, combined with the impressive tempers he used to display…”
That evening, after John had come home from his night shift, Sherlock had already been fast asleep, curled up like a cat on his side of the bed. John quietly took off his clothes and lay down next to him, studying his contours. The minutes ticked away as he lay there just looking, aching to touch him, to put his arms around him and hug the stuffing out of him.
“Dreams are hardly interesting for such a purpose,” Sherlock mumble-whispered, waving away the idea with a flick of his wrist. “
John had no trouble acting in character in the shop, slurringly ordering Sherlock about and talking slightly too loudly. Sherlock quietly told him to cut it out, as it only made him laugh, which sort of ruined the whole act. Reluctantly, John toned it down a bit.
In spite of the morning’s rather pleasant developments, John felt a little apprehensive as he walked from Russell Square tube station to the pub where he was about to meet up with Harry.
Sherlock opened his mouth without making a sound, as their eyes locked in a dark gaze which seemed to drown the universe. Their movements were like the tide of the ocean, flowing in harmony, while soft grunting noises expressed the primordial state of being they had slipped into: there was only their passion and love, nothing else in their consciousness. They were
As soon as he realised something was very wrong, John quickly pulled away and stepped backwards, hardly daring to look back up at Sherlock. His eyes fluttered about the empty space in front of his waist. “Oh god, I’m so sorry,” he stammered, hands in his hair as he started to turn away. “I don’t know what...”
There. That should definitively convince Bob, and indirectly Jack, that there was no point going through with their scheme, as the ship had already sailed.
The first time she had supposedly died, it had all been a setup, of course. Molly still remembered the night the body had been brought in. Christmas 2010. Almost five years ago. (A horrible evening for so many reasons, the least of which being the Christmas party at Sherlock and John’s getting cut short by that lady’s body having been found. Molly had been glad to get away, really, after the horrible way Sherlock had humiliated her with the deduction about her present earlier that same evening.) That time, the DNA records had been forged and the lady on the slab had only been a cleverly selected lookalike (with a conveniently bashed up face), fooling even Sherlock.
At that, they simultaneously gravitated towards one another, mouths slotting together, hands roaming over hips and backs, and carding through hair. Softly, gently, and without urgency.
The way John loved him, worshipped his body and made him forget time and space was still an astonishing, miraculous experience to Sherlock, which he couldn’t get enough of.
Sherlock’s eyebrows had shot up and a faint smile started to play around his lips as he stared blankly ahead.
A pained expression came over John’s face and he briefly looked away. “Well, as you know, she lives in Russia now.” He swallowed, visibly sad. “I haven’t seen her in… ages. She doesn’t come back to the UK very often.” Then he smiled and put a hand on Vivian’s bony knuckles. “But I spoke to her yesterday. She sends all her love.”
?” Sherlock repeated, all cheeriness gone. “If you don’t let me stay in that room, John Watson will be murdered and you will have your death for sure. I know that for a
He wriggled his bottom enticingly in front of John, which cost him more effort than it really should. Stupid flu.
Sherlock’s lips, meanwhile, were doing extensive physical exercise, until he finally got them under control and he said, “You’re not going to believe why I made this reservation three weeks ago,” he smiled shyly, not looking at John. “I was going to propose to you here.”
“It must be,” John said conspiratorially, “because we’re having breakfast at the ungodly hour of…” he checked the clock on the microwave, “… 1 pm.”
Not long afterwards, Smith was behind a breakfast bar, smiling to one of the cameras. Sherlock stood several metres away with his hands in his pockets, watching him.
To make it worse, every time John gasped around Sherlock’s cock in response to Sherlock’s teasing breaths over his arse, the cooling effect of John’s breath on his wet prick almost made him come.
Secondly, Chloe was being very excited while sitting on John’s arm and ‘helping’ with something in the kitchen.
Sherlock put the photograph further away from him and slowly picked up the second one. “Now, Howard. Howard’s a lifelong drunk. Pallor of his skin, terminal gin blossoms on his red nose... There’s no way he could have taken that shot from three hundred metres away. So that leaves us with Alex. Indentations on the temples suggest he habitually wears glasses. Frown lines suggest a lifetime of peering.”
He mentally scolded himself for sexualising what was a great friendship and lifted Rosie out of her pram. They’d arrived at her new nursery.
It was imperative for him to keep a weather eye on Sherlock, with the number of maniac criminal masterminds whose attention his brother managed to attract and who invariably ended up obsessing over him with their malicious plans. Although there was no need for Sherlock to know that Mycroft did this, of course. He wouldn’t understand his concerns anyway.
After the fireworks in his head had slowly fizzled out, he just dazedly stood there, leaning back against the wall, panting and feeling utterly sated, as the miracle that was Sherlock gently nuzzled his hairline.
John had never expected to ever move back here – or for Sherlock to outright admit that he’d missed him, at that – but he didn’t have to think about it for a second, now that Sherlock offered. This was the one place where he had been happy.
So instead of talking to caretakers and pupils, they ended up going straight to the local charity shop to get Sherlock a suitable outfit, namely some rather awful jeans that were slightly too wide and also not quite long enough, a dull black, long-sleeved T-shirt and some yellow-and-green sneakers. The Boots shop next door provided the hair gel and a comb to make his hair look quite horribly straight and greasy and also some skin foundation to give his face a bit of a tan.
John’s eyes were still scanning the screen, etched into a deep frown. “No; when you’re being an arse.”
“Oh, you had such a perfect little life. A nice family, a friend you always walked home with. What was his name again? You were inseparable. But I wanted to play too.”
The next day, after a late breakfast with smoked salmon and scrambled eggs, they started their Search. They walked around the town, between the white and brownish-red wooden houses, following Rosamund’s GPS trail along streets and backways.
He wondered whether Mycroft was still having CCTV feeds around the city monitored and would notice his little brother being utterly spaced-out.
Sometimes they played Cluedo. Sometimes Sherlock cooked three-course meals for John and Hannah and they would sit together at the dining table, simply enjoying each other’s company.
Seeing as John needed no less than two blowjobs to be cured of his erection that afternoon, Sherlock announced he would make John come at least twice also the next morning, before their visit to Hounslow, in order to avoid embarrassing boners during work.
With the numbers of pupils trampling all over the grounds during breaks on a daily basis, it was no wonder that the grove contained all sorts of evidence, but none that Sherlock could pinpoint as pertinent to Arthur’s disappearance. He noted the little heap of cigarette butts – Marlboro Lights – and the brands of various sweet wraps that he spotted here and there, but otherwise there were no clues to be found without thoroughly combing out the whole area. He decided to leave that to the officers that were already arriving to the spot. He turned to Moore. “Could you show us Mr Meredith’s room now, please?”
will no longer be followed around on the streets, which is why you came to me in the first place.” From the periphery of his vision, he noticed Bob’s eyes grow to twice their size.
Eurus contemplates her life (and her motive for shooting John), Sherlock keeps solving cases at John’s bed (which might sound familiar to anyone who has watched TFP…), and Janine is a good friend, making Sherlock finally fully acknowledge his feelings for John.
“She was so smart, and… she always used to help us,” Sherlock said, sounding appropriately taken aback. “With cases. We were always working together, having fun,” he huffed, forcing out a smile. “Like that time we tried to use a bloodhound to trace the burglar smashing the Thatcher busts.” He paused. “She was just wonderful. John loved her so much, you know.”
John had decided to come here again straight after work, in spite of Sherlock’s aloof behaviour the previous evening.
“I saw you take it! I saw you!” As he spoke, he pointed his right arm at Smith, brandishing the scalpel he was in fact holding himself.
“I just have to ration myself,” Sherlock could hear a voice saying, very far away, “choose the right heart to stop. Please, maintain eye contact.
He made a sour face, still not used to allowing himself to admit he was susceptible to the concept of amusement.
“That’s kind of you,” he replied. “But I don’t need them anymore.” No pills would be able to make him feel better.
“Oh, there’s an intern somewhere still working on that. Unsurprisingly, he can’t seem to find anything. But it’s a good exercise.” He smiled.
John helped carry one of Sherlock’s bags up the stairs, Rosie on one hip, while Sherlock took the other one. (Books, mainly.)
He heaved a long breath and looked at the work in progress currently standing on the easel. It was the rough outline of a landscape. Sub-Saharan Africa, by the looks of it.
If only she’d been able to stop Rose from starting to date the stupid doctor two years ago. But after Jim had died, Eurus had fallen into a dark depression, struggling for months, until she was admitted to Maudsley, where she had stayed until last summer. During that time, Rose had been faithfully trying to run Jim’s empire, which had been no easy task. It had taken her over a year before she had figured out why all her plans kept being thwarted:
“Jolly good,” Mr Holmes said. “So how does this sign language phenomenon work, then?” he asked. “I’ve never quite understood.”
When their kisses eventually slowed down, like a river reaching calmer water, they paused, looking into each other’s eyes, breathing each other in.
He could have texted, but then Sherlock might have decided to join him at Leverton’s on his way home and John apparently preferred he didn’t. He wanted to do this alone.
In the end, he resolved to stop making any effort to think, and stared blankly ahead – even though that only made him more aware of the pitiable state of his ‘transport’ and all its pains and cramps.
They’d never taken Rosie with them, though. The poor thing hadn’t had a breath of real fresh air since John had been shot, seven weeks ago. John couldn’t wait to take her to a park and let her play on the swings or on the lawn, investigate the bugs, acorns and pinecones.
First, he called John, who’d stayed at home with Rosie and Hannah (and two AFO’s from the Armed Operations Unit).
The combination of focusing entirely on John to monitor his reactions and the simultaneous avalanche of sensations in his own prick, made him feel
Chance had brought her to Europe all the way from New Zealand, where Rose had grown up on a farm with three older brothers, who had taught her how to shoot. Initially, she had just come to this hemisphere to travel abroad and have fun for a year. But she’d made some backpacker friends in Italy who’d jokingly decided to rob a bank. It had gone so well that they’d continued to do robberies across the entire continent and eventually also started to dispose of people who needed disposing of – according to other people, who were willing to pay them for it. The group had called themselves The Peppers (because they’d listened to The Red Hot Chili Peppers a lot).
John smiled in spite of himself, and for one ridiculous moment, Greg seemed about to shake their hands to congratulate them; then, realising this would probably be a bit of an odd thing to do, he settled for shaking just his own head in disbelief, barely able to contain his joy.
All of a sudden, a million ants were crawling through his stomach. He couldn’t stand it anymore. Even though he kept being overcome by a physically sickening anxiety at the thought of actual intercourse, at the same time he wanted it so badly that it was driving him mad. It was not just that he wanted it to be gotten over with so that he could stop obsessing over it. It was just so good to feel John pressed this close to him, to sense John – his steadfast, down-to-earth John – being aroused by
of his bad fortune by ending his own life, like Hamlet. Sherlock had seen it and had understood, and, without consciously deciding to, had given John a reason to live.
Then he sent the exact same message from Bob’s account to Violet, also deleting it from his account subsequently.
“Um, Mr Smith. Um, I’m-I’m just, er, wondering,” one of the nurses said. “Maybe this isn’t a suitable subject for the children.”
Once Rosie was all tucked up in the pram and they were in the fresh spring air, he texted Sherlock back.
As soon as it was sent, he deleted the message from Violet’s ‘sent items’, so as not to leave any trace of his actions.
John mirrored a radiant smile back at him. They had finally found a solution to the problem that had so very rightly been raised by Sherrinford.
After lunch, though, when John finally plonked down onto the sofa – a cup of tea in one hand and his newspaper in the other – Sherlock all of a sudden slammed shut the book he’d been reading and sprang from his chair to sit next to him. He pressed his side to the backrest and pulled up one leg so that he was directly facing John. He then rather elaborately pursed his lips before sucking them in, just staring at John, clearly anxious. He then looked around the sofa, as if trying to find the words there that he was looking for, his eyebrows travelling down and back up his forehead several times before he finally spoke.
“He’s never given away a painting before,” Mycroft said. “To anyone. And of Redbeard, no less. Interesting.”
“Seriously?” Sherlock chuckled softly, incredulous. He shook his head, letting this new reality sink in.
When he felt Sherlock’s grip on his hands loosen, John held him tighter, with the little force his muscles could muster, making sure Sherlock stayed exactly where he was – like a lifeline – while John drifted off again.
In the meantime, while she waited for them to confess their silly little feelings, she had another wonderful problem to occupy herself with. The Woman was apparently still around, waiting to be found…
. “Really?” He opened his eyes. “Makes sense,” he shrugged. It was usually a mystery to him what people saw in each other, but in this case the pairing intuitively seemed quite logical.
“Listen,” John said flatly, “I won’t be able to enjoy this if I’m not absolutely sure that it’s not hurting you and the only way to be certain is if you promise to
Just take off the saintly ‘st’ from ‘Morstan’ and you had the most deadly assistant to the most dangerous criminal in the country. Hiding in plain sight.
Should he apologise for having put Sherlock at risk all this time regardless? After the first time, it hadn’t really seemed to matter anymore. At least John had warned Sherlock to use a condom on
Sherlock pressed his lips together. “I guess I was just trying to be nice,” he said quietly, attempting a casual smile.
“So the French teacher, a Steve Meredith, forty years old, is our main suspect at the moment. His room is over there.” Moore pointed to the right. “Arthur’s room is behind this window right here, as you might have guessed,” the man smirked. Sherlock tried hard not to roll his eyes at the man’s poor sense of humour, if that was even what it was. “Of the two boys he shared the room with, one has been in hospital with appendicitis since Saturday and the other one claims to be a very sound sleeper and to have heard nothing. The ivy below their window shows clear signs of someone having climbed it recently.” As they walked towards the entrance of the building, he continued,  “A forced window has just been discovered to another boys’ room at the back, suggesting that the offender might have tried to take another boy first.”
John chewed his lip, trying to think of something ‘Sherlocky’ that he might have said. “He said, ‘In saving my life, Mary conferred a value on it. It is a currency I do not know how to spend.’”
Saturday dawned cloudy and wet after a nightly thunderstorm. John was still half asleep when he noticed he was chilly. He turned around to his other side and hugged Sherlock from behind.
John smirked wryly. “Yeah, it gets worse. In my dream, the ring I had for Mary was really old and ugly, talking about symbolic. Before popping the question, when Mary went to the washroom, I took it out and I kept rotating it in the light to make the three little diamonds sparkle, but they wouldn’t. They looked a bit like the worn glass you find washed up on the beach.” He sighed. “But the absolute pinnacle of the dream was, that once I recognised you, the first thing you did was make some stupid joke about moustaches, so I angrily grabbed your lapels and pushed you back onto the floor, ending up lying flat on top of you in the middle of an extremely fancy restaurant, he-he,” John chuckled hoarsely.
John, he then slowly realised, had started taking matters into his own hands and was pulling himself off furiously.
Sherlock stretched out an arm to grab the lube from the bedside table and tossed it at John in response. Then, seeing John’s reluctance, Sherlock added hesitantly, “Unless you don’t want to, that is.”
