“Hello?” he asked not recognizing the number.
No answer.
The pack house was nothing like Cas was expecting. He was expecting an actual house, not a lodge. As they drove up he had to keep himself from staring slack jawed.
“Bacon cheeseburgers with a glazed donut for the bun.” Sam deadpanned.
Taking a few steadying breaths, Dean stepped out and took one step after the other toward the doors.
“Don’t worry Cas.” Ellen rolled her eyes. “He was in the back away from the drunks. And whenever he had a knife in his hand I made sure Jo or I were with him. Otherwise, he was reading his books.”
“He never wanted to abandon his daughter.” Cas snarled. “He never questioned whether she was dangerous or not because she was his!”
“Yeah.” Dean smield, nuzzling the pup. “I’ll take you home, you and your mom, we’ll be happy now. I promise.”
Dorthy, an alpha, was one of Jody’s deputies and would come with her and Donna to the Road House, and that is how she met and mated Charlie an omega.
“I hope we get the chance to talk more,” Cas told him. “And thank you, for making my brother a better alpha. An alpha I always knew he could be.”
“Hey, there kid.” Dean chuckled, holding him close. “Whatcha been up to.”
“I know you don’t want to be too far from Jack, I get that, trust me.” Dean sighed. “But please, just, go with Sam tomorrow and talk with someone.”
“The trickster!” Jack suddenly cheered.
This began a new life for Castiel Novak. He did go to Sam’s college and was now taking classes for pre-med. His life consisted of school work, garden work, working a few shifts with Dean at the Buch and Sundance and spending time with his pup and Dean out on nature walks and at parks. Every now and then, he and Dean would have little date nights- whenever they could con Ellen or Sam into watching Jack. Eilleen would often just come up and steal the pup from them though, she and Jo would fawn over him. Cuddle and gush, buying him toys and feeding him sweets. It helped Dean and Cas and it made Dean happy that his pack loved his pup. Chairlie for some reason would verbally kidnap Cas whenever she could. If she wasn’t nerding out with Dean, Sam and Cas, or Cuddling with Dorthy she was talking Cas’s ear off about whatever she wanted while fiddling with her tablet. He didn’t mind, he liked the company while he worked.
“Um, I guess I’ll start with dad, what was he like.”
“If your room is as big as this, you must have splurdged for luxury.” Cas snorted.
“Don’t turn my pup into a trouble maker.” Dean groaned.
“We have quite a few bookworms in this pack.” Sam smirked. “So a library seemed like a good idea. Plus a few of us are still students, so it’s a good place to study.”
“We best go,” Cas said. “Before he breaks your brothers arm.”
“What happened?” Dean demanded, his alpha instinct starting to get agitated.
As everyone knows Supernatural ended a little while ago and its a bit surreal. This show has been such a huge part of my life since middle school. I'd love to hear about your own Supernatural journey and how this show has made your life better, even if it just something like you really like the show. Let me know.
“As you can see,” she petered off, glancing up at him. “I’m dying. The grace I took is fading. I have maybe a month left.”
Please enjoy.
Please enjoy.
Jack studied him for a moment before it clicked and he spun on his heel facing Dean who was holding his breath.
“Not to my knowledge.” Adam shook his head. “But before we go back, how about some food. I’ll buy.”
Dean’s phone began to buzz and he put his hand on it to muffle the sound.
“In a way.” Cas shrugged. “I do believe I’ve come to care for her through his memories. Some of them were hers. She wanted him to know what it felt like to be pregnant when El moved or kicked, so she would show him through her mind. It… it was intense for him an odd, but also ‘magical’ in his words.”
The pack was one of the greatest things to happen to him, a family that actually cared. He loved it.
“I’m not letting you die.” he snarled. “Not after I finally got you.”
"Do you even want to join my pack?" Dean asked, looking torn and hollow. "I left you, pregnant and at the mercy of your family with no way of getting a hold of me. I'm a poor excuse for an alpha let alone a mate. Do you even want me here now, around our pup?"
His grip tightened making her wince.
On cue, Dean’s phone rang.
Her grace was fading fast though, so he had to let her rest after the thirtieth day.
“It’s over.” Dean sighed, wrapping an arm around Cas’s shoulder.
Cas still didn’t look as sure, but the words did touch his heart and lifted his spirits as much as was possible in this gloomy time.
“Rowena.” he growled. “How did you get this number.”
“You look flushed.” Dean hummed, leaning down, pressing his nose into Cas’s neck. “You feeling okay?”
Cas wasn’t sure he would ever get over this.
At first, she tiredly smiled at him, but the second she got a good look at him her eyes widened.
“You mean more to me than anything in this world or any other.” she urged. “But this isn’t you. Not the real you.”
“Oh.” Dean gulped.
“I don’t know if he ever told you, but um… he’s my dad too. You’re my brother.”
“What else can she do?” Dean demanded.
“Dean stop.” she struggled a bit more.
Chuck and Naomi are arrested and placed in Jody’s cruiser, kicking and screaming, swearing to Cas and Micheal.
“Oh thank god.” Cas smiled, sitting up and digging into the food.
“So what you’re just going to move in?” Dean raised his brow.
“And what if we didn’t?” Bess asked, still holding Gertie close. “What if they come back? What if they take Cas?”
“Give him a moment.” She told him. “Let him be in his nest with his pup. Go call Micheal then go check on him.”
“I see.” she sighed, hands on her hips. “Well, your here now. And Dean has already made you part of the pack and of course we have room for Jack. But this is gonna probably piss off a lot of the pack.”
“This is where the garden was going to go, once you decided to start it.” he said, opening the gate to the little enclosed area. “I figured you wanted to plant herbs for your medical studies, and some flowers for the bees. We can also put a green house in the corner for all the plants that can’t be left to Kansas’s changing seasons. And over here,” he said, directing Cas to the little shed toward the back, leading the omega there and opening the door revealing a little lab of sorts. A desk, a table, and rolling chair. “Is where you can work on your remedies, so you can open that clinic you wanted.”
I hope you liked it.
“Um, I don’t know if you… I mean... John Winchester is your dad right?”
“I didn’t have a phone, and I was living with dad, do you think he would have let me take Cas on the road with us? Do you think I wanted that for him?” Dean shot back.
“Why didn’t you go to school? If I’m remembering correctly, you were like an honor student.”
“Cas-”
“Relax,” Adam growled back. “You may be my brother, but I don’t know you, so don’t get protective.”
BANG!
He stood there just outside the front door, all ruthless rage and righteous fury with half the pack at his back, snarling and baring their teeth. Dean’s hands balled into fists at his side and were shaking while he breathed deeply to keep himself from going off the deep end and just straight-up murdering them.
Or at least that is what they thought.
“Hello.” she said sheepishly.
“You need to go to your room.” Dean gritted. “To your nest.”
“Dean,” Cas looked a bit worried.
“So why did Chuck and Naomi come after Cas?” Dean asked.
“They seem to be avoiding a fight,” Sam noted. “What exactly did he say to you.”
Dean looked to her, then to the assembled pack members. They all stood ready for his orders. This was a direct attack on their pack. Intruders came and tried to take their packmate. For most packs, this was considered an act of war.
As he said the last bit, the bell over the door rang getting their attention.
“Good thing Ellen is such a mom.” Dean snorted, setting the tray of food down.
“As happy as I can be.” Adam smiled. “I’m studying biology and medicine, and theology so I can talk with Micheal about it. He seems to want to spread the word of the gods more than lead a pack.”
The man that entered was young, maybe eighteen, which matched up with the age gap between Sam and Adam. It didn’t sit well with Dean when he realized that his half brother was barely legal and mated to someone older than him, a good seven years older than the omega himself. The man was tall and lanky, blue eyes and sandy blond hair like Dean’s. He must have gotten his eyes from his mom since both Dean and Sam’s eyes were more green though Sam’s were considered hazel due to the gold and brown tones. He spotted them and must have recognized Cas from pictures or something since he nodded to them and made his way over.
“Well, he wasn’t entirely wrong. Got the state right at least.”
“How many pups did he expect you to have?” Cas laughed.
“Okay.” Jack said already lost in the pages of star battles.
“I…” she sighed, trying to figure out how to put into words what has happened.
“Please don’t use your knife.” she hummed. “It won’t work on an angel of the lord.”
They were now in the war room waiting for him.
“This has nothing to do with you-” but Dean cut Chuck off with another snap of his teeth.
“Daddy!” El cried running to his open arms.
Sam gave him a warning click of his tongue before nodding to the store.
“Dean?” Sam asked, completely lost.
“Dean,” Cas growled, suddenly up and backing Dean into the nearest bookcase. “I am not going to let you pull this righteous alpha crap right now.”
“You sure are feisty,” he smirked. “I love omegas like you, you would make the best bitch after a little training.”
“Calm down, little omega.” the alpha purred. “I mean you no harm.”
“I can’t.” Dean shook his head. “I wish I could. But the life I live now, Cas, that is no life for you. You deserve so much better. You deserve a lodge in the woods, with loved ones and with the biggest garden you could want so you can watch the bees. Not the backseat of a car and crap hotel rooms. I will get that for you, Cas. I’ll get that and I will come back and take you home. I promise.”
“Hello.” Jack said, putting up his hand in a wave.
“And what does my little angel want for breakfast today?” Dean asked as he carried his seven-year-old into the kitchen.
“I was helping Ellen, I got to help her cut lemons at the Roadhouse.” Jack smiled.
“Either that’s God or another rip in realities.” Dean snarked hoping to turn a tense situation into something less so.
She rolled her eyes before they landed on Cas.
Instead, she just took a deep breath and opened her coat. What greeted them was her usual outfit underneath only with a bit more pudge in the stomach area than she normally has.
The weeks that followed had Dean running around the town and bunker to make sure his family wanted for nothing. He would get odd foods for Cas and buy random bits of clothing for the baby whenever he saw something that caught his eye as well as toys and blankies. He could feel Sam chuckling at him every time he rushed past the younger brother but he couldn’t be bothered. The rest of his time was spent researching spells to put a Knight of Hell under for years on end. They for sure couldn’t go and ask Rowena now, not with Crowley hunting Castiel and the baby.
Soon enough she was a writhing murmuring mess on the floor, easy for him to hold and take.
“Oh don’t get him started.” Cas sighed.
“Things are really good.” he nodded.
Cas hadn’t been to school in a few days. Sam managed to get a few students from his classes to record the lessons and email them to him. And he talked to his professors to send him his assignments which they did. So he wasn’t falling behind. He spent most of his time in front of his laptop with earbuds plugged into his ears studying. Jack would come and read with him whenever he woke up before Dean came and took him out. His evenings were spent with the pack and his pup and his nights with Dean. Just talking. It wasn’t bad, but there was this constant stress of his parents hanging over his head. Plus he had been feeling a bit off since last night. He wasn’t sure what it was, but he couldn’t really focus on it since he had school and insanely entitled parents worry about.
With a snap of his fingers Cas’s light flashed out, her wings scorched the wall behind her and she slumped face-first to the ground.
“Yeah Dean, calm down.” Ramile jabbed.
“Yeah, sure Ellen.” Sam nodded taking the pup and rushing off up the stairs while his brother gave him a pleading look.
“Oh that is too good Deano.” he chuckled, calming down. “But don’t worry, I don’t need the big strong alpha to come to my rescue.”
“Like I’d miss the day that you announced you're mated to Dean Winchester. I mean you never stopped talking about him in school.” Gabe snorted. “And this must be the mini Dean.”
“You’re not.” Dean insisted. “Can I open the door?”
“Anything.” Dean promised, thinking maybe he was going to ask for Dean to take him away from here.
“I’m the one who gripped you tight and raised you from prediction.” she told him, standing tall.
Of course, they told him to go to the furthest reaches of hell and rot.
It’s what he loved about the omega. Even in the face of a strong alpha, the boy never backed down. He would go down with chunks of flesh between his teeth rather than roll over and accept his fate. That had intrigued Dean at first. Being the dumb playboy that never had to deal with the consequences of his choices, this omega never bent to his whims. Rather, Dean bent himself over backward to even be on the same level as Cas. He had finally managed it. Had finally claimed the omega's heart just as his was. And now he had to leave.
“Aye.” Rowena nodded, gathering her things. “Now, ef ye dorn’t mind, Ah’ll bae stayin’ at th’ bunker till Ah find a flat.”
“I’m not part of your pack.” Cas narrowed his eyes. “There is no reason for me to present my neck to you even though I’m an omega.”
Lastly was Charlie and Dorthy.
The whole pack was home, but out of sight and Micheal and Adam could feel it.
“Do you think they’ll still be there?”
“You don’t have a choice.” she shot back, throwing the first punch.
“Thanks for watching him.” Dean told her.
“My alpha is here!”
“Jack-”
“Chuck?” Sam asked.
Thank you again.
He kept his back to her, staring down into the bacon and eggs he was cooking up.
At first, it was just a ragtag group of disproportionally aged friends. But then it became so much more.
“Speak of the devil.” Dean snorted, putting the phone on speaker. “Adam, what’s up.”
Then came the beta Kevin. He was his brother’s friend really but would stop by the bar often enough to study. He liked the atmosphere, dorky little nerd he was. Still, he and Dean built up a good relationship through this. Now he was the record keeper of the pack and soon he would be a history teacher at a college.
“I’ll think about it.” he told the alpha.
"Dean I-"
“I was.” he conceeded. “But then I got pregnant and had a pup. School became less important.”
“Adam will call us.” Cas offered.
“Rest up angel,” he told her, tucking her in gently. “I’ll be back soon.”
That got a laugh out of Gabriel.
“Cas,” he called, ducking into the bathroom. “CASTIEL!”
“Yes I remember.” she nodded.
“Was that it?” Sam asked as he and Dean tentatively stepped in the spot where the box had been.
Dean stared at him for a long moment before giving a small huh.
“You need only to ask.”
“Were you studying medicine?” Sam asked, suddenly next to him.
"Jack, go and pack up all your things." The omega told his pup.
“Micheal, this is Dean Winchester, you probably don’t remember me but I went to school with Cas and Anna. Listen… things are a bit complicated. You probably know about me and Cas or at least that Cas was pregnant six years ago. The pup is mine. I found Cas and the pup and brought them to my pack. They are here and safe. But your parents… they just showed up today demanded that I hand over Cas so they can mate him off. Cas and I aren’t mated yet, but we plan to be. Cas is officially a part of my pack and I’m not going to let them take him. I don’t know if you know anything about this. But if you do, Just know I’m willing to fight for Cas. If not, please call me so we can talk. My number is (xxx)-xxx-xxxx. Please call me back as soon as possible.”
They wasted no time after that, rushing home to Cas to share the good news.
“Dean…” he started, not sure how to proceed. “I just had a thought. If the Novaks are anything like what I remember, then there is a chance that Cas isn’t there anymore. You know how they felt about omegas. There is a chance he was mated off.”
“Take the pups inside, get Sam and Dean, go now.” Cas told her, ushering all of them towards the door.
Cas followed, looking back long enough to watch as Sam plopped his pup into an armchair before going to his own books.
“Oh no.” Cas groaned.
“Watch me.” Dean shot back.
“Of course not, Cas.” Dean hissed back, ressisting the urge to snap his teeth. “I just want you to be happy here, and I know that you’ve always wanted to study medacine and open up a clinic that uses mostly herbal remedies rather than man made chemical meds. I won’t force you, but just…”
“He is our pup.” Naomi insisted.
“Sam…” Cas sighed looking back at his son who was laughing at something Dean had said. “He’s my life, everything I’ve done has been with or for him. I don’t know if I can leave him like that.”
“They even have the Star Wars books.” Jack cried, taking one off the shelf.
“What?”
“And the alpha with him?”
“Warm,” Cas mumbled, his head suddenly feeling fuzzy, a purr slipping from his lips.
Instead of answering, she simply smiled and let her power flow as her eyes glowed. Instantly Dean was filled with memories of Cas and the baby. Of when she found out and how scared she was. When she felt her move for the first time and how she was filled with overwhelming love. To now, how she could feel her daughter stir every time she heard her daddy’s voice.
Dean gave a dry chuckle at this.
“Yes ma’am.” Dean gulped.
Before any of them could dig in the room started to shake.
“Alright, bacon and eggs with a side of hash for me and the kid, egg-whites and a fruit bowl for the jolly giant, and a cup of coffee for baby in a trench coat,” Dean smirked at Cas who just narrowed his eyes. “Hope everybody is hungry.”
Jack and one other friend.
“Don’t you dare threaten us.” Chuck gritted. “We will not tell you again. Get your ass in the car right now. Your alpha is waiting for you.”
Dean tried not to feel the sting of the words.
Dean couldn’t be happier for his friend.
“Why do you need my daughter?” Dean demanded.
“Enough.” Sam called. “We can talk about ethics and such after we get rid of the mark. Because until then Cas and the baby are not safe.”
For five years they had normal lives.
“Take care of her.” alternate Dean begged. “She’s my world.”
“Yes there is, quite a lot actually.” she insisted.
“Charlie.”
The scent was as failure to the pup as ever, with this he knew for sure the alpha was telling the truth.
“Sorry.” Micheal coughed. “Old habits.”
But Cas cut her off, meeting her halfway.
I own nothing. Thank you Eric Kripke for creating such a beautiful story.
“You’d rather I’d be dead?”
“Whose?” Dean hissed out, praying for and cursing the answer he knew was coming.
“I’m worse than them.” Dean snarled. “How would you feel if you had done something like this to Jess?”
“What?” it took Dean a moment to process something that wasn’t words on a page.
“Dean?” Sam called as they followed him.
So he ditched Crowly and went hunting for his angel.
“It’s time for you to come home.” Naomi snarled, ignoring him as she came to stand at the bottom of the porch steps.
The air around her shifted at the mention of the omega’s name. The air grew bitter with anger and he could see she was fighting to keep back a snarl. He struggled to keep his scent-neutral and not retaliate against her reaction.
“Go to hell,” he told the all mighty with the most bite he had.
She now works as the pack IT and that of the two sheriff departments. But mostly she develops indi games that people can play for free.
He drove, leisurely through the back roads of… heaven. It was still weird for him to be in heaven. It was a relief, and he knew Sam would be here soon enough. That’d they’d get to live the lives they hadn’t on Earth. That everyone they cared about would be with them. And it was all thanks to Jack.
“Hopefully we’ll see you later.” Sam smiled, shaking Adam’s hand- they were not on hugging terms yet.
She looked up to the stairs then back to him.
“Morning.” he smiled pecking her on the lips before setting El in her booster seat.
“Sammy, just drop it.” Dean snarled. “I mean it.”
“Yeah.” Adam nodded, a serine smile spreading across his face. “It was awkward at first, but I took him out for dinner, we got to know each other better and now we....” the smile became joyous. “We’re good together.”
“Um…” Cas drew a blank.
Her eyes glowed a chilling white.
“What?” Dean bulked.
“No, Dean no.”
“Dean.” Bobby nodded, going to his mate and pecking her on the forehead. Standing back up to his full height he locked eyes on Cas and Jack. “And these must be our new members.”
Dean was waiting for them on the front porch, waiting tensely.
“Well maybe one day.” Cas hummed.
Last chapter will be out in a week.
“Not much.” he said. “I wasn’t sure where to start."
So Dean called all his friends to the Road House and proposed.
“I don’t exactly know how I know.” she told him. “I just do. She’s my little girl.”
“Bacon!” she cheered.
They followed the alpha into the lodge, then to the sitting room where Cas was waiting with Sam and Bobby. Eileen and Ellen were waiting in the library with Charlie and Dorothy watching Jack while he read his books.
“Tha- that’s why your mommy looks like that.” Sam jumped in getting the girl’s attention.
“I wasn’t there,” Adam shrugged. “I don’t know. This all happened after Cas left.”
“Been waiting for this for a long time, Cas.” he moaned to her. “I’m going to take my time.”
“Hey, little man.” Cas smiled scooping the boy up. “Were you good for Ellen?”
“So you’re happy?” Dean asked.
Last they heard she had gotten Metatron out of heaven prison so she could find her grace.
“And I don’t blame you for what happened six years ago. But you’re not wrong, things are different. I’m not sure how Jack will handle all this and it’s not like we can pick up where we left off. We need to reintroduce ourselves to one another. This is all gonna take time.”
“Yeah, pup, I’m your dad.” he said tensely, waiting for the explosion, possitive or negative, he was prepared for both.
“He’s not in there.”
“Enough to fill the whole house really.”
Hanging up he sighed, rubbing his face. He needed a drink. But that could wait. For now, he needed to check on his omega and pup.
Sam wasted no time bringing the child closer. Alternate Dean was tearing up at seeing the little one. He smiled as much as he cut lip would allow as she gave a little sleepy whimper.
Dean winced at the smell and let off his own calming one before kneeling in front of the boy.
“Hey, Dean, hang in there.” Sam told the other Dean bringing the little girl just a little closer so he could gaze upon her sleeping face.
She pouted letting the medallion fall against her chest.
“Whoa, mom, come look at all the books.” Jack called from a room ahead of  them. “There are lots.”
“Then we got my bar’s cook and fellow volenteer Benny and his mate and Sam’s friend Amy.” they waved to them before digging into their dinner- spicey spegetti, with a side of garlic bread. “Then our accountant and his mate, Crowly and Billy, plus his mom and her mate, Rowena and Catch.” they all nodded to him.
Cas looked at the room in a forlorne kind of way before looking down.
“That’s not-”
“And yours, Jack.” Cas smiled, rubbing his cheek against the boys and purring gently.
“Alright.” Dean shrugged. “You ready to go?”
Cas nodded, looking to his son.
“Nice to meet you El.” Jack smiled.
“Um… no,” Dean started, fighting the urge to wrap the girl in his arms, she was still dangerous. “Um, Cas- I mean mommy healed me up.”
Dean furrowed his brow.
“But you… But I…” the omega fumbled with his words, standing up on shaky legs.
“Yes.” the omega smiled.
“I like what I like.” Sam snorted.
He later got the tongue lashing of a lifetime from Ellen for slacking on the job, but he also gained a friend for life.
“Micheal.” Cas nodded.
The eldest Winchester barely spared them a glance as he stood and started down the hall.
“How about you little man?” Dean asked his pup.
“You have no right to deny us.” Naomi growled.
The world froze for just a moment.
“Dean-” but he was already taking off out the door.
“Hi, misses Novak, I don’t know if you remember me, I’m Dean Winchester.”
“Yes, it is.” Dean called after them.
“There is also a room for my mate, could be an office or a nest room. Whatever they need really.” Dean told him. “But the second floor also has-”
I own nothing, Supernatural was created by Eric Kripke.
Dean swept her into his arms and swung her around with a gleeful laugh.
“What if we locked him in this thing I read about, the Malec box? It’s nearly impossible to get out so he couldn’t hurt anybody.”
“Boys, enough chit chat.” Ellen called over. “Cas, you wanna help serve up some plates. I can hear the cars rolling in. Packs home.”
“Start from the beginning.” she told them, and they did.
“Why wasn’t he like this with Cas?” Dean demanded.
A look of forlorn agony crossed the angel's face as he rubbed the girl's back.
“Dae you hae any takers fur th’ mark?” Rowena asked kindly.
Thanks to his stint at the Road House, Dean was able to meet those who would soon become his pack.
"I'm sorry." Dean shook his head again, running a hand through his hair. "I didn't think this would happen. I had every intention of coming back for you."
After handing Jack off to Eileen and Sam, they followed Rowena to the altar under a big oak tree on the edge of the property. There were more flowers, some crystals- mostly rose quartz, amethyst, and bloodstone- and herbs for passion and love, cinnamon, clove, and rosemary. There was also a purple and white sash and a chalice.
She put up a hand, shutting the both of them up effectively.
Watching his alpha and pup playing and being happy together. It was more than he ever wanted. Waiting six years for this was completely worth it.
“Sure thing.” Jody nodded as she and Donna stepped forward.
“Well, she wouldn’t stop shooting at me so I had to rip this out.” with that he tossed a lump of muscle and blood in front of them making El scream.
Cas looked like he wanted to object- like he normally would when it came to poking around his friend’s mind.
It didn’t take long.
“So you’re going to be a lawyer?”
Well, not all, there was one thing missing.
“You’re with my parents, I find that unlikely.” Cas spat. “Who are you?”
Angels don’t gain weight.
“No way.” Dean finally let the growl loose. “We’ll see if we can’t get him transferred. If not, I’ll stay here and work wherever till he’s ready to come home.”
Cas only rolled his eyes.
“Those are Garth’s books, but I bet he’ll let you read them.” Dean assured. “Why don’t you and Sam stay and do a little reading before dinner, he needs to study anyway and I’ll finish showing your mom around.”
This time the pack didn’t stare at the Novaks through windows or from their cabins. This time they were in the sitting room. The whole pack glaring at the unwanted visitors who were now stomping their way into their home.
Now he had a chance to go after all those hopes he thought he had to give up on long ago. Now he may be able to open that clinic he wanted and dive into natural rememdies and healing and use his earnings to fund his pup's future. Now he had the support of a pack, a pack that supposedly had been waiting his arival for a while now.
“Jack, Dean, this is-”
“That’s bullshit.” Dean snarled.
“Son,” Chuck shook his head, furrowing his brow at his son like he was mentally challenged. “You never got permission to leave in the first place. By law you're still ours.”
“Really?” the pup asked, looking quizical. “Is that where we’re going?”
He kept his weight on her as he forced open her robe and started groping her breasts.
Turning to look over his shoulder, Castiel smiled at his fellow omega brother.
They drove around for what felt like hours before finally deciding to park and walk around looking for him. But that was taking too long too. In all honesty, Dean was thinking of calling it quits and picking back up tomorrow. They would have to find a hotel and a good restaurant, they might want to start now before places start closing up. But then it happened. The scent of honeysuckle and rainstorms caught him. He hadn’t smelt that in six years, but the combination didn’t fail to awaken his alpha instincts again and led him home.
“... okay, I’ll go.” Cas nodded. “I’ll try.”
“Gabriel.” Cas smiled embracing the man tightly. “I’m so glad you came.”
“Yeah, anywho, what I want from you is way more important,” Gabriel said, his tone changing, becoming firmer, more serious. “You have to promise me that no matter what state you find Cas in, you’ll keep your promise and take him to your pack and take care of him.”
“Daddy!” El cried, now jumping out of Sam’s arms and into Dean’s lap wrapping her arms the best she could around his shoulders. “You’re okay, the bad man didn’t hurt you?”
“Sorry, Dean.” Chuck sighed, stooping down so he was level with El. “But this is how the story has to go.”
“We made a home.” He told Dean. “Our home.”
“I’ll take her somewhere safe,” Cas concluded, glancing to Jack who looked sad but nodded. “I’ll keep her safe.”
“Then take me with you now.” Cas urged, his voice going from a warble to a near growl.
“Tae place th’ protection spell oan ay course.” Rowena snorted.
“Sorry.”
That only made Dean smile.
“Safe from what?” Sam asked.
“This is the emergency number of the Novak pack, if you’ve reached this number then it must be important, I’m a bit busy but as soon as I get your message I’ll call you back. Please leave your name and number.”
“That’s why you left with me that night. Why you don’t talk to dad anymore. So you could make yourself better for Castiel.”
“I love Star Wars, Obi Won is the best.” Jack smirekd.
“Because your sent is suffocating.” Sam chocked.
“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry Jack.” Dean hushed, petting his hair gently. “I wanted to make the perfect home for both you and your mommy. Find the best packmates so we’ll always be happy.”
“You had your chance, Dean.” Chuck told him as he stalked toward the sobbing girl.
“Just go.” Cas urged.
“What did Micheal do?” Dean growled.
“This one.” Dean told him, heading for the door at the end of the hall. “Do you want to see it?”
But would he have tracked him down after all this time just to claim a pup he never even knew about?
“It amazes me how smart she is.” Cas smiled.
"Dean," he started. "I've always wanted you."
“Cas,” he called through the door. “We’re not gonna let them do anything. Okay, you and Jack are part of this pack. I won’t let anything happen to you.”
“Sam,” he looked to his brother. “You may have to make arrangements with the school. If this gets to be too dangerous I want Cas to stay on pack lands as much as possible.”
“Actually he has every right.”
Flustered, Dean began to shake his head before she reached for his hand and placed it on her belly. Wonder became aw as he felt his daughter under his hand, moving for his hand. It was like she was reaching out for him.
Luckily that wasn’t the case.
“We need to talk.” she urged, now right beside him.
Cas scooped him up and continued his march up the stairs and to his room.
“Most of them would be willing.” Donna nodded. “We’re like another pack at the station.”
“We don’t want the pup.” Naomi rolled her eyes like Dean was taking too long to understand all this. “You can keep it, it’s yours anyway. We’ve only come to take our son back so he can get the money he owes us.”
“I will never lie with a demon.” she gritted.
He never had a chance.
“We don’t need to talk like that.” he shook his head. “You’re mated to my brother and I intend to mate yours. I think we passed the whole formal thing. Come in.”
Dean held up his hand, quieting the omega for a moment as Jack leaned closer.
“When I died, the mark turned me.” he informed, tilting his head to keep her eyes. “Is it that bad?”
It filled him with this sense of serenity.
Not here.
They sat in silence staring each other down, not wanting to be the one to back down. One sticking with his insitincts to stay with his pup, while the other, wants nothing more than his family to be happy.
“Dude.” Sam groaned. “Be happy about it later, you got to tell Micheal about this so he knows that things changed a bit.”
“Dean?” the voice that called his name was small, quiet, and reserved. “Are you really going to leave?”
“Not right now.” Cas shook his head.
Didn’t mean he didn’t want a house with walls and family. And the only family he had was his brother, Jack, and Cas.
Dean perked up at that.
“Now that I’m a demon, we can be together forever. I’ll never die, same as you.”
“No.” Sam urged taking a step forward only to pause when Dean tensed. “Dean, no. That… I wouldn’t wish that on our worst enemies.”
“You gonna be alright?” Dean asked. “Do you want to hold off on meeting the pack, I mean, we haven’t even really-”
He couldn’t say it out loud, not yet, but he knew, he loved her too.
“Don’t pay him any attention.” Amy snorted. “He’s just jealous he still has to wait to get his mate.”
Then that day came.
The two of them stayed up in Dean’s room for five days and rested for the last two.
“Yeah, which is why I’m hoping he’s still there.” Dean growled.
He went back upstairs, peeking into his room to make sure he wasn’t imposing on his mate. But he was lying peacefully in his bed. This had an odd primal effect on Dean. His alpha preened at the sight of his omega in his bed, surrounded by his scent and protected. Like Dean had made this den just for his omega. Cas was curled up in the center of the bed, wrapped around Dean’s pillow, his face pressed into it. Another primal reaction, his omega enjoyed being surrounded by his scent too.
“I hope.” Sam smiled.”
“So when will we know?” she asked.
“So Micheal has no clue about Naomi and Chuck’s visit?” Sam asked.
“Ah heard ‘at yer angel is bae’in hunted by mah son’s goons. As it turns out mah son an’ Ah hae had a bit ay a fallin’ out sae once again Aam oan th’ run. Ah need a safe place.”
Dean snorted.
“If you want me, come and get me.”
“There is nothing to talk about.” Dean hissed.
This got a chuckle out of Sam and a skip in Dean’s persona.
"Two of them, actually." Dean smirked. "And an accountant and a dentist. There are all kinds in my pack."
The next three years they spent fighting together side by side and growing closer. At first, Dean assumed it was just like his relationship with Jo, could be flirty but mostly familial. But as months turned into years he started to think she didn't feel the same. He learned after a while he began to understand that it wasn't that she didn't feel the same. Heaven had drilled Melania of anti-human relations into her so she was scared to act on her feelings. He wasn't going to push her. She would come to him if and when she was ready.
Then she sighed and relented her location.
“Yes,” Dean swore. “Gods of course I’ll keep my promise. I don’t care if he lost his face, I just want him safe and with me.”
“Cain.” Dean nodded.
“Cas, take El to the dungeon.” Dean told her as he and the other two hunters got their guns and moved for the war room.
“That’s what I thought.” he ticked. “Don’t pretend that what I did wasn’t awful. I don’t want Cas here ever again. I want her as far from me as she can get so that I can never hurt her again. I still have this mark, I can still become a demon. Or worse, maybe next time I’ll be human. So I want her to be on another planet if she can manage that. Anything to keep her safe from me.”
“You still love him.” Sam declared.
One way or another his daughter would be okay, even if he and Cas didn’t make it through this.
Thank you again.
“Hey there angel.” he gruffed out, putting as much gravel to it as he could.
“Soon I’ll learn to control my powers. Then I won’t have to wear this stupid thing anymore.” she said confidently.
“I know, I love you too.” Dean swore to hold her for one last time.
By the time El was ready to come to the world, they had come to this odd understanding and cordial ease with Rowena. It helped that she was a bit less evil as of late. And she was more than ready to bless El with the protection spell making it clear to both heaven and hell that Ellen Jo-Mary Winchester was off-limits.
“I was just wondering, I know it’s been a while, but if you wouldn’t happen to know where Castiel is these days?”
Next chapter is here. Hope you like it. Only one more chapter after this.
“I already asked Bobby and Benny to go get a queen size bed, it should be here soon, we know a guy. So at least you’ll have a place to sleep, and we’ll get the rest tomorrow. I bet you want a shelf for all your books.”
“Don’t make me force you.” he warned.
“Cas.” he called. “Hey, is it okay if I come in?”
With that he marched out and down the hall, unable to stop the tears as they rained down his cheeks.
“No.” Cas snapped, shaking his head. “You won’t listen to me, but you might listen to your own pack alpha.”
“Let’s at least get him up on a bed.” Cas offered, which Jack nodded to using their strength to carry him to the nearest cot making him groan and wake.
“Dean, don’t do this,” she begged, reaching for him. “Just stay with me, till the end.”
“Cain…” He had thought of over a million ways to say this, to tell Cain his plan. But the more he thought about it the more he realized that no matter how he worded it, he was still damning this man- demon or no- in a permanent hell. “I haven’t come to kill you.”
He seriously considered that choice, even going so far as to go to a random outlet store and pick out a completely different set of clothes for himself -- clean, pastel button-downs, khakis, a fucking bow tie. He put it all on one afternoon, already a few beers deep, and tried to come up with a whole new identity for himself. He’d become Dan Smith, a boring guy from Southern California who no one in their right mind would care to get to know, and he’d find some job as an accountant or some similar number-crunching bullshit. He’d enter into a mostly loveless marriage with some random, nice girl he met along the way. They’d never have sex, choosing instead to host barbecues and carpool places with other boring people. Dean would stop driving the Impala and cycle to work instead, to keep his heart healthy. He’d live a long life. He’d have a 401k and a mortgage. When he went to hell again, he’d say yes to Alastair’s offers to get off the rack right away, and slip into life as a demon without offering any more resistance.
“Is this Dean Winchester?” the voice on the other end sounded shaken and younger than Dean thought Micheal was.
“So what did he show you?” Sam asked. “What’s the kid’s story.”
“No, you can’t be.”
“Understandable.” Sam snorted.
This is when his pack started to come together.
“Pup, huh.” Bobby said, eyeing Dean then glancing to Cas. “And you’re okay with being in our pack, with bringing your pup into our pack.”
“Rowena, focus.” Sam called cutting off the brewing argument. “What do we need?”
“Alpha Dean.” Micheal nodded back respectively.
It all slammed into him, and he knew that is where her mind would go. He doesn’t have a good track record with these sorts of things. But still, something completely off-topic caught his attention.
“And we’re going to be the best of friends.” Charlie told Cas, bumping his shoulder getting an awkward smile out of him.
“She’s a Nephilim?” Sam asked.
“I called Micheal, left a voicemail. Hopefully, he’ll call me back soon.”
“It’s clear that this little act isn’t going to work unless you have all the facts,” Cas told them. “I’m going to share the memories I’ve received to make this all easier on us.”
“No. It’s slightly worrying.”
“Sure thing.” Sam nodded. “Cas, do you want to clean up or anything.”
“And other me didn’t try to kill her?” Dean asked.
The church itself wasn’t anything special.
Sam studied him for a moment before smiling and looking back to the road.
Or that was the plan.
“So?” Sam asked. “You two made it official.”
Yet, just like before it didn’t work, Cas looked to his Dean and shook his head.
“No, Micheal is coming too,” Dean assured. “But Adam wants to meet us first.”
“I’ll be okay.” Jack insisted. “I have dad, and Sam, and the rest of the pack. I’ll be okay. I want you to be happy. Please. I’ll be okay.”
Frantically Dean pulled up his sleeve only to find his forearm bare.
“Really.” Cas hummed. “I’m game.”
“Feel better?” Dean smiled.
“She’s more-” he started coughing again, this time the blood came out in a larger volume.
“Where did she take him?” Dean demanded.
Castiel chuckled, looking around at everyone, at his new pack, at his new family.
“Dean.”
“Cas?” Sam gaped where Dean could only stare.
“El,” Cas began. “This is your… cousin… he came while you were sleeping. He’s going to be staying with us from now on.”
Not at first.
“Mommy?” Jack came running to his mom as soon as Cas was through the door.
“Enough already.” the younger Winchester had enough with all this angst and aggression, he put himself between the door and Dean and squared his shoulders. “No matter what it was I won’t judge. Dean, you need to talk about this and get it out because it is eating you up completely. And I can’t help either of you unless I know what’s going on. So please, just tell me.”
“Cas,” Dean started, sitting across from the man.
Looking back at his family, he weighed his options before sighing.
The visions suddenly stopped as Cas took his hand away from the brothers letting them gather their bearings and sort through what they saw.
“Yay.” Jack cried.
“Dean,”
“Stow it.” Dean gritted. “You wanted to know, now you know. Don’t go throwing your sympathy at a monster.”
“What do you want me to say, Cas?” he demanded, facing her and throwing the spatula on the counter. “That it wasn’t me? That the demon me was this other thing and I’m not to blame for what happened? You and I know that is crap.” his anger had her shrinking back, but he couldn’t stop now. It had all bubbled to the surface and was now overflowing. “That was me, all of it. I was a monster and I did what monsters do. I hunted you down, and I forced myself on you.”- he was gonna be sick- “And I liked it. Hell, I enjoyed it so damn much that I couldn’t stop. There was not an ounce of humanity in me to stop me. Is that what you wanted to hear?”
It didn’t take long for him to set her up in his designated room, soon enough she was bouncing in her seat singing along with the theme song and cheering at Scooby and the gang’s accomplishments.
“Welcome home, Dean Winchester.”
“Mommy?”
Thinking to be just a little polite, at least in the start, Dean knocked on the door to the studio apartment and waited for his angel to answer. He knew it would be a shock for her once she realized. He also knew she would realize the second she saw him. And she most certainly did.
Jack knew that tone and did exactly what his mom told him. He grabbed Gertie around the waist and dashed for the front porch as the toddler screeched the whole way. As soon as he reached his mom and Bess the beta grabbed her pup and looked to Cas, confused and scared.
It had taken six years. Six long years, two of those were torture as Dean was forced around the country, hunting ferals and rogue alphas with his dad out of revenge for the alpha that killed his mother. When Sam and his dad had it out that night at the end of the second year, when Sam finally said he was done, Dean went with him. The Impala was already his by that point. He had enough as well. He didn’t want to hunt anymore. Didn’t want to live off of credit card scams anymore. He wanted to make his life better, wanted to get things ready for when he went back for Cas. So he started classes at a college. He had to fudge his grades so he could get in, then studied his ass off to get his liquor license and understand business management. He managed and started saving up money while working at a different bar, The Road House.
They both had changed slightly. Both were taller, and both had a bit of stubble. But otherwise, they were the same. Same style of dress, same kind eyes. Same whelming scents. It was like lightning striking the earth as their eyes finally met. A jolt went through both of them, making it difficult to form words or to even move.
They both snapped out of their trance, looking back to the boy as he came rushing up and latched himself onto Cas’s pant leg.
“And you just want to take him from that?”
Dean, had to look away from him to keep Cas from seeing the pleased smile he now wore at hearing that. It wasn’t polite, since it was his alpha more than anything else that was pleased to have his pup and prefered mate so close. Dean was just happy to have Cas on pack grounds, this just made it better.
Nodding, Cas placed his hand on other Dean’s brow. There was an intense look on both their faces as Cas’s eyes glowed blue and he extracted the memories and absorbed them into his own. He stopped when other Dean started to heave and convulse. Cas tried to soothe him, but the end was coming.
“Do you think he would want to? Especially after he gave in and killed all those demons. Give him the mark back and the first blade and you got the most unstoppable monster we’ve ever dealt with. Do you want that?”
“You were gonna let some ego-driven bastard break him.” Dean snarled. “You bitch. That is your son. How could you even think of letting something like that happen? How could you encourage that?”
“Get ‘im entoo th’ box.” she ordered. “Quickly!”
"This is why he was angry wasn't it?" Dean asked. "Because you were pregnant with my pup."
"How did you find me?" Cas asked, he and Dean were sitting on the bench while Sam took Jack to the swings.
Turning this time to their right, both men found Rowena beckoning them.
“How long is this going to take.” Dean demanded as Rowena set up the church for the spell.
Enjoy.
“Ramiel is your mate, we set up that meeting so he had a chance to approve of you.” Chuck told him.
Pausing, Cas turned to him, a look in his eyes that clearly said ‘are you kidding me, don’t ask stupid questions’.
“He isn’t going anywhere.” Dean snapped, seeing red. “I believe he told you that repeatedly. His place is here. He has school to attend and a pup to look after. He will not be going anywhere with you.”
“That must have upset my mother.” Cas snorted.
“And right next to you we got Charlie and her mate Dorothy.”
“Well, it’s um… complicated.” Cas coughed.
"Mother." Cas gritted as Naomi and Chuck stepped out of their car. “You shouldn’t be here.”
“My true form,” Cas said, bewildered. “She can see my true form.”
“Sorry,” he said. “I just don’t even know where to begin.”
“You are ego-driven, power-hungry sub-humans.” Micheal snarled. “And you are a threat to our new alliance.”
There was a tense silence, Micheal looking between his brother and the other alpha.
The resolve in her voice was infectious.
“He picked me up and took me to the nearest hotel.” Adam sighed. “We were mated that same night.”
“Don’t make me mount you on this wall.” Cas warned.
“What’s wrong?” Dean asked.
“We just needed some sleep.” He told him. “Looks like your breakfast is getting cold, you better eat.”
“Other faces?” Sam asked.
“This is pack land, and in between jurisdictions, meaning that law enforcement can do little to nothing when the alpha and packmates spill blood to protect their own or the land.” Jody continued where Donna left off.
She didn't say anything for a long while.
Could feel Cain.
He could do it.
“There is no way he would go along with that. That is a fate worse than hell. The maddening boredom alone. He won't go with it.”
“Still, you tell Bobby how you left your pregnant mate in Pontiak.” she snorted.
“Cheers.” Sam smiled raising his beer bottle, getting everyone else to do the same.
They would work it out.
Cas smiled, proud, and amazed with Dean’s speech. Sam nodded, knowing that if there was one thing Bobby slammed into their brains it was this. Their father lost sight of that. Most alphas, gone unchallenged or raised poorly forget this. But Dean, he took the words that Bobby told him to heart and believed them to be the absolute truth. Lived and died by those words.
“Dean.” she hushed. “I forgave you a long time ago. What hurt most is that you couldn’t even look at me. I know why, but it made me feel like somehow you were disgusted by me now. For being touched in such a way by a demon.”
“We did it Cas.” Dean smiled at his omega, holding him close. “We made the pack we always wanted.”
They faced each other for the first time in what felt like forever.
“Dean, calm down.” Cas hushed.
“You all mean so much to me.” Dean started. “You’ve been here for me all this time, and I could never repay that. But, this is something I want to ask all of you.” he paused wording his next sentence carefully, but in the end, there were no fancy words to say, he just had to come out with it. “Would you like to become part of my pack?”
There was too much going on for them to beat around this. They needed to talk. They needed to come to an understanding. They had a child coming. They needed to stand together in this.
Cas eyed him, confused.
What he wasn’t prepared for was the pup launching himself at him, wrapping his arms around his neck and burying his face in Dean’s scent gland.
“I’m not going anywhere with you.” Castiel snarled back. “I’m no longer part of your pack. I’m part of the Winchester pack. I’m staying here.”
His brows shot up to his hairline at this.
“I told him he should write a book about it. Maybe become a teacher and teach it.” Micheal sighed. “But he still feels like he has an obligation to the family and his father. It’s slow going, but I think I’ll get him there.”
“Es time.”
“You have to look after her.” he implored them. “You have to keep her safe.”
“People will get hurt.”
“How about with questions.” Sam offered. “You have to have some.”
“Hey there, I’m Dean, what’s your name?” Dean asked kindly, letting the pup get a good whiff of him.
“His father,” Cas said, now getting a little agitated. “My mate.”
“Cas?” Dean queried.
The bar owner, Ellen Harvel, she and her daughter Jo were both alphas with strong wills and took shit from no one. Ellen was mated to a turse old bounty hunter turned mechanic named Bobby Singer. The old alpha was actually how he got the job at Ellen’s bar. Bobby and John Winchester went way back. Bobby was the one who helped the salty hunter get into the life. Now Bobby was retired and worked at his shop. When Dean rolled around he directed him to Ellen who took him on and worked him like a dog.
And they began their lives anew.
“I’m taking you back to the bunker,” she growled. “Sam and I will bring you back.”
“Yeah.” Jack exclaimed, jumping up and down.
“She is not mine!” Dean roared again.
“Our packs are connected now.” Dean started, coming forward. “Adam is mine and Sam’s half brother, we have the same father. Then of course Cas and Micheal are brothers. With such bonds already established, we’ve decided to create an alliance.”
“Why didn’t you come down with me?”
That’s when Sam died.
“I didn’t do it.” Jack told them, shaking his head.
“They don’t have to be.” Sam insisted. “I’m not saying Jack’s are less important, that couldn’t be further from the truth. But you shouldn’t have to put your dreams away just because of that. And now you have a chance to work on them. We won’t mind watching Jack, it gives us all good practice for when the rest of us decide to have pups. Which I hope is soon so Jack can play with kids his own age. Plus he should be starting school himself soon. And Dean already figured that you’d either be in school or want to go to school. I’m sure he wouldn’t mind more time with his pup since he missed out on the first five years of his life.”
“I just…” she sighed, suddenly looking so tired and slumping into the nearest chair. “I need a place to lay low for now. But ultimately I need a way to keep my child safe.”
“My family is from a long line of traditional alpha leaders who believe themselves above everyone else.” Cas growled.
“Hmm.” she nodded, looking down at the pup who stared at the alpha woman with intrigue. “Hello Jack, you are definaitly the cutest little pup I’ve seen since mine.”
The first time Dean ever saw the Angel Castiel his first instinct was to shoot it dead.
As soon as the mixture touched his nose and skin, his roaring petered off and his eyes rolled back into his head.
Looking between his pup and the alpha Cas weighed his options. There wasn't much in this town for him and Jack. He was planning on homeschooling him and kept him at the store while he worked thanks to his boss being so cool. It was a merical that child services hasn't come pounding on his door. Leaving wasn't going to bring any bad. They didn't have friends besides his boss. Even she didn't really need him. She gave him the hours he needed but they were overstaffed and it pissed off the other workers. If he left it wouldn't hurt anything. Even his aunt left after he got his job. So his best chance was to leave, for him and for his pup.
“That isn’t-”
“Dean, wait,” Sam told his brother as he made to get out of the car. “Maybe I should go in alone.”
Two, go in and maybe he can help Cas and all will be well.
Thus bringing us to this moment.
“Not ‘at ‘at isn’t appealing, it won’t help meh in th’ long run.” She told them. “Controlling a child wit thes much power wood bae impossible e’en fur meh. Mah best bet es tae remain oan yer goood side an’ ‘at ay th’ child.”
“Thank you ma’am.” he murmured softly.
Watching his brotherly wearily, Sam knew this was also on Dean’s mind. His knuckles went white against the wheel and a snarl fought to get past his lips. Sam wondered how long Dean has been worrying at this.
And please share with me your Supernatural journey I'd love to hear about it.
Dean nodded, patting the omega’s shoulder respectfully.
Dean clicked his tongue.
He regaled Sam with the story, getting quite a few snarls out of his brother. When that was done, Sam called Jody and asked her to call around for anyone who matched Castiel’s appearance. They had an eight-hour drive ahead of them and they just hoped Jody found something before the time was up, otherwise, Dean was gonna lose it. Having his omega just out of his reach was torture. And after hearing about all that he went through after Dean left only made it worse. He just wanted the man safe with him.
“That’s different.” Dean gritted. “You weren’t raised by him.”
“I, I don’t think…”
Not when they could make them so much more.
On cue, both Micheal and Adam came from the back of the group, both glaring at the alphas.
Sam snickered at his brother’s antics while Jack just looked between two of his three dads curiously.
Looking up Cas says a man, alpha- judging by the smell he was putting off- greying hair and beard and casual clothes, sweater, and slacks. But what was odd about him were his eyes, they were an eery, almost glowing yellow.
“Where are you?” he asked, a slight demand to his voice.
“Yes ma’am.” Dean nodded, before looking at Jack. “Mom will be down in a minute. We’ll take you to the park, kay.”
“WE WON’T TELL YOU AGAIN!” Chuck was practically screaming, his face red, his eyes blazing with fury. “GET YOUR ASS IN THE CAR NOW, OR SO HELP ME I WILL KILL YOUR BASTARD!”
They all paused hearing the sound. Even Eileen froze as she felt the bunker shutter.
That was only the beginning of their journey.
He smirked against her and kept up his harassments.
“And you turned me back.” The tears were falling faster now. “You turned me back and now all I feel is sick. I can’t even look at myself anymore without wanting to punch the mirror. I want to throw myself into Lucifer’s cage and let him have at it because that is what I deserve.”
Dean nearly choked on his own spit at the question.
“We’re heading back to Kansas.” Dean told Sam when he settled in the driver’s seat.
“Are they gonna be mad at me like Ellen was?” Cas interuped.
“No Cas.” Dean snapped. “If you do that then Chuck will find you both and kill you.”
Castiel had never felt so… conflicted. He was happy to see Dean. So very happy. But also angry. Dean left him when he was in high school, pregnant, and with his insane traditionalist family who were planning on selling him off to an entitled egotistical alpha with no way to get in contact. But, of course, Dean wasn't even aware of any of that. So he couldn't be mad. Above all else, he was terrified. Scared that Dean won't want anything to do with him or Jack. Scared that he has moved on and was here to tell him so, or even take his pup.
He had someone he needed to see.
“You can touch me, Dean.” Cas told him. “If I am going to be part of your pack, scenting and touching is going to be common.”
“Exactly.” she snapped back. “That kind of behavior shamed our pack, so when Bartholemuel came to us we knew he would whip the boy into shape.”
Whipping around on his heels, Dean came face to face the father of murder.
“No, I haven’t seen Castiel for five years.” she gritted.
Cas looked back and forth between the alphas and his pup, feeling a little cornered but also like… shouldn’t he give this a shot? He’s got people to help him with Jack, most of them are parents, and if Dean trusted them enough with his pup...He could open that clinic, he could work and show his pup that no matter what his second gender he could be whatever he wanted.
“Wait.” Sam couldn’t help the chuckle that escaped his lips. “Other Dean got to experience pregnancy? He was vicariously pregnant?”
Dean wasn’t entirely aware of what he was doing, only knowing that he was getting close to something important.
The pack applauded as Dean drank from the chalice- a herbal tea meant to represent the will of the gods, all the elements in one mixture- then turned to press his lips to Cas’s and share the tea.
“What do you know about him?” Sam asked, wanting to get a good idea before he said anything too damning.
“Kay.” Jack smiled, dropping down to rush for the table and digging into his pancakes.
Cas looked stricken.
“NO!” Dean roared through the pain.
“Wait.” Jack suddenly realized something. “You said that Amara was never released in her world, meaning they never freed Lucifer and I was…”
“Why is there a ball happening in South Dakota?” Cas said. “The Hallmark movies with balls are usually in the rich, vaguely European countries. A ball makes no sense here.”
“Why are we making this salad if no one will eat it?” Charlie said.
“I do know you, Dean, and that’s very nice of you to say,” Cas said, but he was still looking out the window, clearly not focused at all. “But heaven will surely be after us now, if they weren’t already. We need to be careful.
“The plan is fine as is,” Cas said, pretending that it consisted of something more than “get drunk and hope for the best.”
“True form?” Dean said.
“You are more insolent than I had first thought,” the man said.
“Dean, that’s not what I meant by it,” Sam said.
With the presents under the tree, the tree did look a little more complete, as long as one didn’t get close enough to see that Dean and Cas’s wrapping paper was upsettingly religious, Charlie’s wasn’t actually Christmas themed, and Gabriel’s was just a series of sinister looking brown bags.
“Woah,” Dean said, holding a hand up. “
Dean was quiet a moment longer. “Go on then,” he eventually said.
Dean, beginning to feel seriously concerned by the lack of any escape route, decided to keep a dignified silence until he figured out what Zachariah wanted. It was currently seeming as though what he wanted was a punching bag, which was unfortunate.
“I came to Bobby's with this idea that I needed to tell you something,” Cas said. “But now --”
“Generally, we sleep,” Dean said.
“We’re cleaning out the upstairs bedrooms so we can fit everyone,” Sam said. “Gabriel has been helping.”
“I don’t know how the fuck you think you can help me,” Dean said. “You can’t magically erase hell, so what can you do to help? Nothing.”
Thank you, thank you all so much for being here. We figured this would be a good time to sit down with our Bachelor to get his thoughts on the journey so far, going into Fantasy Suites. Dean, how are you feeling? Do you have any idea who your final rose is going to go to?
(See the end of the chapter for
“After the ornaments,” Sam said. “Here, you guys take this box.”
“Yes,” Cas said.
SURELY YOU SEE NOW THAT YOU ARE THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN HELP ME DEFEAT LUCIFER AND END THIS NIGHTMARE. SEE HOW THIS FEEBLE BODY CRUMBLES.
Folks, it’s been a truly incredible journey so far, watching Dean Winchester, America’s most eligible bachelor, on his quest to both find love
Dean was just about to tell Cas to add another finger when the angel figured it out on his own, smoothly adding his middle finger.
“You okay, man?” Dean said.
“You are so frustrating sometimes,” Cas said. “I can’t believe you can’t see yourself the way everyone else sees you.”
And if he woke up feeling flustered that what had begun as a sex dream about Dean had accidentally transformed into a sex nightmare about Bobby Singer, well, that was his cross to bear.
“Drinking games are to get drunk,” Charlie slurred.
“Why would I kill Lilith?” Alastair said, unfolding his crossed legs and getting to his feet slowly. Dean wasn’t sure if it was his vessel or his demonic essence that made everything he said sound so disgustingly flirtatious, even things that shouldn’t be. “She’s my superior.”
stamp out the angels and bring in a new world order, one where we don’t need to constantly bend the knee to a father who couldn’t care less about us.
“Oh, and Dean,
“One second,” Cas said. “You have grease on your forehead.”
DEAN and CASTIEL, both in black tie, are sitting at an immaculately staged table, with beautifully arranged food, upwards of 100 scented candles, and lanterns hanging from the nearby trees. Dean is holding a heavily calligraphied CARD in his hand, looking puzzled.
Downstairs in the panic room, money was changing hands.
“Worth a look, for sure,” Dean said.
“It’s fucking one AM,” Dean said, intentionally making it sound like he had just woken up so that if it was a telemarketer they’d feel bad.
Dean suddenly felt himself hit something, something soft and yielding that gave way to break his fall, then snapped back up. Once Dean came to a complete stop, it curved gently to let Dean slide off, looking for all the world like a massive, black hand. Dean was deposited onto the ground just as the incorporeal hand blew away in the wind, taking Michael’s presence with it, if the palpable relaxation of the atmosphere and sudden silence meant anything.
“Gabriel!” he said, going to pull it down. “Where are all of these even coming from?”
“It looks great in here, guys,” Sam said, eyes lit up. He seemed more relaxed than he’d been in days, and Cas felt relieved that the dead mouse had been discovered before he came in.
“So, Dean,” Alastair said. “Have you told Sammy over there about our time together yet? Sam doesn’t seem to want to be my friend, but does he know that
putting his lips to Dean’s, uninterrupted this time, fully able to appreciate every little sensation, every tiny motion Dean made, every little caress. It had been years since Cas had last bothered to kiss someone, and he couldn’t believe he had forgotten how it felt, how effortless it was to pull another close to him, how it made him almost want to cry, not of sadness, but of relief. It occurred to him after a few moments that perhaps he thought he had forgotten how it felt because he had never quite felt
“So, that probably means Dean doesn’t feel the same way,” he had argued to Gabriel a few days prior, when he’d first come up with The Plan.
“It didn’t sound like you were,” Sam said. Dean didn’t like the prying way he was looking at him, as if he was seeing all the feebly constructed lies falling down and wondering how they hadn’t fallen down so much sooner.
God is missing…
“No,” Dean said immediately. “The angels don’t take orders from humans. They pulled me out for some type of heavenly plan.”
“I found Gabriel,” Cas said, apropos of nothing. “Two hours from here. We need to attempt to entrap him tomorrow, before he moves on.”
“Yes, sir!” Charlie said. Everyone else answered in less enthusiastic affirmatives.
“Are you sure?” Cas said. “It’s going to start snowing any minute.”
“We can get some,” Dean said cheerfully. The more tasks away from the house, the happier Dean seemed to be. Cas knew that despite his incredibly social nature, he sometimes needed time away, and being much more reclusive than Dean, Cas was more than happy to indulge him.
“How do you think I got us out of hell?” Cas said. “Time isn’t linear in the river, remember. I was retracting
Dean felt a massive jolt, as though he was flying through time and space, observing from high above. He saw Sam, but he wasn’t Sam at all, he was blank faced and yet still so strangely mocking, commanding an army of demons and angels with glowing halos and black eyes. He saw miles and miles of barren wastelands, the entire earth leveled and turned into a new hell, one with no distinguishing features and so much nothing it would drive you insane. He saw crumbling buildings, a church with only upside-down crosses, civilizations of people huddled together in the middle of the nothing, kept going only by the skin of their teeth. He saw Bobby’s head on a pike. He saw Ellen and Jo fighting a tide of demonic ghosts they couldn’t hope to beat back, getting overwhelmed by the assault and choking on black smoke. And he saw Cas -- a Cas who had clearly been broken beyond repair, a Cas with overgrown hair and too much stubble, a Cas who looked very human and very angry, asking Dean
“BE CAREFUL, DEAN WINCHESTER” Michael said, his deep voice cutting straight through Dean’s bones. “I CAN PROTECT YOU FROM MOST THINGS, BUT I CANNOT PROTECT YOU FROM MY BROTHER.”
He felt a sudden, somewhat unexpected pang for their years as roommates in college, when they slept in the same room every night, and Cas got to fall asleep knowing Dean was right there almost every night (barring the times he’d be out drinking, or with some hookup). Young Castiel had been in tumultuous denial about his feelings for Dean for nearly their entire undergraduate careers, but Current Castiel almost envied his younger self now, for his certainty that once they graduated college, his feelings for Dean would either magically disappear or come to light, resolving him of his Dean problem forever. To think he had once thought that Dean would just be a college-person in his life, one to think back on decades later but not one who would always occupy his thoughts so totally and completely. But embarrassingly, Dean had managed to become a life-person, while still not actually becoming
… You?
“I didn’t know that, Cas, that sucks,” Dean said lamely. “Talk about an absent father.”
Dean’s blood went cold.
“Bobby!” Dean called after him. “It’s really me, Bobby. I don’t know how to convince you that it’s me, because I barely remember anything from before hell, but it is me, and from what I do remember, you were like a father to me, so... I figured I should find you.”
“I was too,” Charlie said. “No offense, but I did not enjoy it.”
“Okay,” Cas said, once the door closed. “Should we do this?” He was swaying absently, and there was almost no light in the closet. It made the whole situation seem more illicit, and more inviting at the same time. Cas began to feel a little freer than usual. Who would know, or care, if he kissed this random, attractive friend of his, anyways?
“I feel like I’m a little kid who got sent to his room,” Cas finally said. Sam smiled.
“Is that everyone?” Dean said, taking stock of their haul.
Dean assumed that Cas must know about the demonic activity -- it was probably what the “work” they had for him was supposed to be. He supposed he was at least qualified for the job, though one had to wonder why the angels had gone to the trouble of getting him out of hell when there were plenty of hunters still alive who were also qualified.
will rub off on you and make God care about you?”
“How did I not know about this until today?” Cas said.
Cut to a shot of CASTIEL, walking through the Mediterranean garden, following a bumblebee, his trenchcoat flapping gently in the wind.
“You got me another present?” he said.
“It was Alastair,” Cas said, looking up and fixing Dean with an icy stare, as though he knew exactly how Dean was going to react to that.
“All right,” Sam said, kicking in the door. It came entirely off the hinges, falling back into the cabinets behind it.
“Angels don’t care who they smite,” Ruby said.
“I AM,” Michael responded. “YOU ARE MY EARTHLY FORM, AND I DO NOT INTEND TO FORCE YOU TO ACCEPT ME. YOU WILL DO SO WILLINGLY. YOU KNOW YOU WILL.”
CASTIEL
“Wait, you let Sam disappear?” Dean said. If he hadn’t felt awake before, he definitely did now. “Alastair got him?”
“Same,” Gabriel said.
. Castiel, his borrowed eyes so wide and pleading, seemed more sincere than anyone else he’d interacted with in his memory. Of course, it was still most likely that this was all a trap somehow, concrete-seeming evidence aside -- there was probably something about the whole situation that screamed “trap,” which Dean would look back on later and beat himself up for missing. But at that moment, it was hard to put too much stock into whatever that was.
“I understand why,” Cas said. He ran a hand through his mussed hair, then seemed to remember himself and surged up to kiss Dean. Dean was certain that Cas would be able to taste himself on his tongue, but that didn’t seem to bother the angel, as he licked eagerly into Dean’s mouth. Dean found himself unable to do anything other than let it happen.
“No, you say things you
“I’m telling you, it’s all about the smell,” Dean said.
“Never have I ever sucked a dick,” Charlie cut in. Everyone else drank.
The guy nodded quickly. He seemed scared, but not terribly surprised, at the way the encounter was going.
“Okay. Some kind of pagan god, then,” he said, rushing towards the study.
Sam was silent for a while. Dean was still too keyed up to care, blood coursing through his veins faster than usual. The audacity of Sam to believe that he could “help,” to believe that he could erase a hundred years with a simple talk -- Dean wanted to punch him in the face, but he couldn’t, because Sam was currently in northern California with a demon, a demon he trusted more than his own brother.
That's all there is, folks! A very happy holidays and a warm thank you to everyone who read this, hope you enjoyed it.
“God,” Cas said. “He isn’t in heaven, I am almost certain. So, he must be here somewhere.”
He ended up in a bar before he’d even really thought about his next stop. It was still light outside, and the bar was almost empty and strangely well-lit, not hiding any of the grime and grit of the place, but Dean didn’t care. He ordered and downed three shots in a row, savoring the burn in his throat.
Dean leaned in again, and this time Cas climbed on top of Dean, his body moving of its own accord, wanting to be as near as possible to Dean, to melt into one being. Miraculously, Dean let him do it, touching him right back, leaning back into the nearby snowbank and making a gratuitous mess of things as snow got everywhere. The blanket got tangled around the both of them, hardly doing its job at keeping them warm. Eventually, that became a problem again.
“Yeah,” Dean said, with a forced laugh. He didn’t really know how it was, but he wanted to. When he’d first gotten freed, he hadn’t spared much thought to the life he’d left behind, all effort put towards determining what was real and what was fake, but now that he was around Bobby, he was beginning to feel robbed. Evidently, Dean used to be a
The incident in which Dean and Cas had technically touched lips had occurred during their college days. It had been a house party, one of Jo’s, and everyone had gotten drunker than usual since it was someone’s (Victor’s?) birthday. At the drunkest point in the night, there had been a game of spin the bottle crossed with seven minutes in heaven, in which the spinner had to spend a completely unsupervised length of time in a broom closet with the spinee. By the time it was Cas’s turn, Jo and Victor had already spent around twenty minutes in the closet, and Charlie and Benny, about one minute. Cas took the bottle with the hope that he wouldn’t get Benny. He hadn’t really realized that he was in love with Dean yet, so about that possibility, he was remarkably blasé.
“I know all that,” Cas said, staring at his hands. He knew what Dean was, probably even better than Sam did. It wasn’t what Dean
?” Dean said, incredulous.
Angel blades are out, angel spears are in
“Oh no,” Cas said, realization dawning. “Oh noooo.”
The demons nearest to him turned around, looking at him with a mixture of confusion and malice. At a cue Dean couldn’t see, they parted down the middle, allowing Dean to walk right up to the bonfire where the hostages were. He saw that his father was standing with his back turned, murmuring over a boiling pot of something. There was a beat as he finished, throwing something else into the pot that caused it to spark wildly, and then he turned around.
“I’m sorry about this, man,” Dean said, reaching over the counter and slamming the guy’s head into the nearest wall. He let out an aborted groan and slid to the floor slowly, where he laid with his head lolled all the way back. He probably had a concussion, but one he’d recover from. Dean stepped over his body and took out all the money from the cash register, as well as the contents of his wallet.
“And you’re Dean’s brother,” Cas said cooly. “You seem awfully close to that demon.”
“You’re invited everywhere, Dean,” Cas said, leftover nerves making him a little afraid to say his truth. “I meant it when I said that ‘dating’ didn’t feel like the right word for what I want. I will do whatever it takes so that we’re in the same city, if you'll let me. I can move… or you can move… whatever it takes for us to be together.”
Over the next few weeks, Sam and Dean re-entered a kind of routine, similar to what they’d had before the fight, but with slightly less tension and secrets. There were still moments that Dean had no idea what to do with, moments where Sam seemed like a stranger, but he was mostly able to ignore them, chalking them up to after-effects of hell. He was able to keep the ever-present anger and frustration at bay, mostly able to act the way he knew he was supposed to, fighting the urge to burn his old self down and run away again. Mostly, he was able to act like the person Sam and Bobby had once known, hiding everything about him that had changed for the worse. And if Bobby raised an eyebrow at Dean’s infected pierced ear… if Sam heard one of Castiel’s newly reoccurring two AM visits through the wall... well, they at least had the tact not to bring it up.
“Ah, well, we figured it out eventually,” Dean said.
“Come on,” Dean said, dragging Sam through a break in the skirmishing angels and demons. He couldn’t tell who was winning the fight, but a quick glance showed that Alastair was taking on two of the angels himself, seemingly putting up a good fight, while the other angel was plowing through the lesser demons in a near-continuous burst of light and sound. It wouldn’t be long before either side remembered Sam and Dean, and they needed to be gone by then.
“Stand and fight, you fools,” Alastair yelled, sounding for all the world like his father had, whenever Dean had done something stupid and failed to take care of his brother. The third angel landed in front of Alastair, drawing a huge sword that sparked and glowed in the night.
“I don’t know if I believe that,” Gabriel said.
more obsessed with him? No, the real answer is to look beyond just Lucifer and Michael. Who else is powerful?
Castiel had gotten out in only a year when he’d been down in hell with Dean for at least five, but the angel fended it off by asking his own question first.
was in its place. Dean stared, but staring didn’t help him understand what he was seeing, because nothing he was seeing made any sense. He tried to focus on one thing at a time, but then that one piece would spiral out of his vision somehow and he’d be unable to make it out. He thought he saw a few pairs of bird wings in the top right of the mass, but then they spiraled into something he couldn’t make out, and then that became a catlike figure, and then a hive of bees which transformed again into another form he couldn’t hope to put a name to.
“So,” the guy said. “Where you coming from, man?”
“Oh,” Cas said in a small voice, knees buckling slightly. “I understand.”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” he said, after adding most of the ingredients to the golden bowl. “I need a drop of your blood.” He looked genuinely regretful.
“Fuck,” Dean said, slamming his hand on the dashboard.
“And I know it probably seemed rude that I didn’t kiss you under the stupid mistletoe,” Dean continued. “I know I should have just gone for the cheek or whatever. But Gabriel has been trying to force me to make some kind of move on you for the entire fucking time he’s been here, and I kept telling him I didn’t think you wanted that, but he wouldn’t listen --”
“Ooh, I bet we’ll need a lot of whipped cream,” Gabriel said. “And chocolate sauce? Hey, how do you make a dirty girl scout again?”
“I told you. A hunt in Tennessee,” Dean said. He lost hold of the knife, and it skimmed his leg, drawing blood. He barely felt it. “And after that I promised Cas I’d help him with something.”
“That was, admittedly, puzzling,” Cas said.
“Yeah, supposedly they’re much more powerful than a typical demon,” Sam said. “Antichrist lore is based around these children. According to Bobby, they’re very rare. They often don’t survive long enough to even be born, but if they do…”
“Do you remember Robert Singer?” Cas said. “Bobby, for short? He will know.”
And for years after that, nothing did.
“You know Dean, you always tease me about my relationship to Ruby, but I could say the same shit about you and Cas,” Sam said. “But I don’t, because I’m trying to be nice.”
wanted to be with you for years, maybe decades, and I never even asked you if you wanted to be with me. And I realize it was fucked up of me to not even consult you, you know? I’m sorry.”
“One night stand… all right,” Cas said. “I assume that means the sex occurs once?”
“It is a rule,” Dean said, laughing along, probably out of pity. “But most people do want to kiss me.”
No offense, Michael, but I’m not very happy to see you.
“I’m not bored at all. What was the other key thing?” Cas called after her desperately. He got up to follow her, but found his way blocked by Sam.
“Already?” he croaked.
“Castiel,” Dean said, nodding. “You look a little different.”
“No, I didn’t walk out,” Dean said. “An angel resurrected my body and freed my soul.”
It seemed inappropriate to ask what Sam approved of, exactly, so Cas just stammered out a quick “thank you” and accepted a truly baffling hug. Being friends with Dean for so long, Cas had gotten better at understanding conversations, but this was making him feel like he was a college freshman again, with absolutely no clue what anyone around him was talking about.
“Oh, they had a tradition in college,” Charlie said. “Whenever it’s snowing while they’re drunk, they go outside and roll around in the snow and behave like idiots. It’s very cute.”
“Dean,” Cas pleaded. “Did I not tell you that Lucifer had been freed? I thought I didn’t need to say that this is bad,
“It would be just like Alastair to use a freaking
“Lilith is
Anticipating a call from Cas, Dean kept an eye on his phone, but unfortunately the next person to call him was his brother, not Cas.
,” Dean said. “I wonder if this is why we hadn’t heard from him in so long. He must have been rebuilding Dad’s body. I mean, Cas rebuilt mine. It must be possible to reconstruct bodies, if you really want to.”
“Listen,” he said. “Lover Boy and Charlie are cleaning out Charlie’s room as we speak. Your room is next on the list. I’ve been slowing their progress as much as possible so that you might be forced to sleep in the same room as Lover Boy, but I can only do so much. We need to up the ante here. Did you bring any of the sulfur-based chemicals that I requested?”
“Uh,” Gil said, looking at the larger-than-life handprint that was burned into Dean’s left shoulder.
a good thing?” Dean said. “I’m sorry, I’m just struggling to understand why we’re upset that Lilith is dead and Alastair might accidentally get tortured to death?”
there would be a next time, assumed their two night stand might become a three night stand. He didn't know how to react to that.
Charlie nodded solemnly.
“Technically our lips have touched, so what if we not relive this story and just assume--”
“No, you dolt, it means that he’s even more of a coward than you are,” Gabriel had answered without looking up from his phone, as if it was so obvious that he hadn't even needed to think about it for a second.
Cas didn’t seem all too comforted by the sentiment.
“Yeah, of course. Gotta make Christmas morning interesting, right?” Dean said. “Anyways, what do you think Jo would want? And am I supposed to get Jess something?”
Cas barely had time to despair about the influx of people he was apparently going to have to deal with tomorrow, due to a call from Sam. He had reached the airport and Jess’s plane was landing any second now (early by twenty minutes, how nice), and the news caused everyone to simultaneously panic about the fact that they hadn’t even started on cooking or getting ready.
alarmingly messy, despite Sam’s escalating ferver. Castiel spent over an hour scrubbing the kitchen floor, which had a layer of crust on it that Cas had never noticed until he’d been forced to contemplate how a stranger might view it. It was unpleasant, thankless work, made only slightly better by Dean’s company. He kept up a relentless stream of judgements about this “Jess” character, who he had met a few times and liked, but was now clearly not to be trusted if he needed to
don’t know your brother like you think you do,” Zachariah said, surging forward to touch Dean’s forehead again.
“Does being drunk feel the same as being sober, except you’re sitting in an uncomfortable chair?” Cas asked, squinting thoughtfully.
“Yes,” Dean said.
They knew the town Alastair was in -- some middle-of-nowhere place in Missouri -- but the only clue they had as to what ritual he was planning, exactly, was a few minor disappearances. They beelined for the area, hoping to figure out more.
“Figures,” Bobby said. “You know, Sam’s been trying to bust you out for this whole time. I tried to keep him from doing anything stupid, but, you know how it is with that kid.”
Dean won’t admit it, but he was
Gabriel nods, and puts his fingers to Dean’s forehead. Fade to BLACK.
“He has to know about it?” Dean said, wary. Anything his brother got told would go straight to Ruby’s ears, and she could be passing information on to anyone.
“Well,” Dean said, smiling a little at the thought of being able to hunt demons again, to inflict some of the damage onto the demons that they had inflicted onto him. Last time he’d been topside, he’d always felt like the underdog in any given demon fight -- but let them try to fuck with him now. “I guess we got a lot of work to do, then.”
“Maybe they hid her body here?” Sam said, entering the trailer and picking his way through the rubble.
GABRIEL
The radio crackled on, then off, as Dean felt a familiar presence settle into the impala.
“Hang on,” Dean said, walking away and putting a hand up. “I know what you’re going to ask, and the answer’s no.”
Dean stretched, yawned, and rubbed his eyes.
Wide shot of Dean leaving the Fantasy Suite, looking smug and walking aimlessly around the garden.
Sam blinked. “You didn’t spend a century in hell,” he said slowly.
“Woah, spoilers,” Charlie muttered.
“Damn,” Gil said, after a couple of mostly silent hours had passed. “You sit like a rock.”
Bingo. He doesn’t actually
Cas had been alone with Dean a lot of times by this point -- they weren’t yet roommates, but they were still good friends. But none of those other times had been like this. None of the other times had seen them skirting around each other quite this obviously. Cas’s eyes adjusted to the dark enough to notice that Dean was closer than he’d realized, and staring right at him. Cas couldn’t help but stare right back.
“Last year at this time, I was drunk skiing in Utah,” Jo said longingly.
“And I you, Cas,” Dean said, his thumbs stroking Cas’s cheekbones. “Can I kiss you now?”
Before he could lose his confidence, Dean pushed himself away from the tree and strode purposefully towards the group of demons. Getting closer, he could see that there was a large bonfire in the center of the circle, but he couldn’t make out much else. He needed to get much closer.
“God. Just stop it,” Dean said, holding a hand up. He looked hurt. Cas couldn’t imagine why. “Can I at least say something first?”
“Not a demon, I guess,” Bobby said, pulling out a silver knife. “You want to do this part the easy way, or the hard way?”
“Cas is pretty,” Charlie said with a shrug.
“That's a shockingly sincere apology by your standards,” Cas said. “I forgive you, if you forgive me.”
” Dean mocked.
“The male g-spot is located by the prostate,” Cas said. “Is this what you are alluding to?”
in hell. Say yes to him, give him a corporeal body, and allow him to crush Lucifer and all of hell’s forces for good! You’ll be a hero, Dean, regardless of what you did in hell.”
“I’ll force them to,” Sam said. “For the tax breaks. And because weddings are fun.”
people hadn’t noticed his little scene and were still having a good, regular time.
He spent the rest of the afternoon and most of the evening following Gabriel at a distance, straightening all the haphazard garlands he was draping in places where people would
Jess looked up, as if only now noticing that the room had emptied out.
Dean was just about to attempt to pierce his own ear when he noticed that a strange, turtle-looking bald man had appeared across the table from him, smiling with his mouth closed in a twisted pantomime of kindness. The man’s gaze was trained on Dean, making it glaringly obvious that Dean wasn’t about to get out of this without Having A Conversation.
tries to make him.
“Well, I could say the same about you and Cas,” Dean said.
“We’ll have a white Christmas, mark my words,” Charlie said. "Just like in the movies."
Eye contact was finally broken as Cas looked Dean up and down. “Ah,” he said. He genuinely hadn’t noticed.
He claps his hands once, and GABRIEL appears at the edge of the garden.
“Alastair?” Sam said, leaning over to try to see.
“I guess it
But after that first, slightly antagonistic conversation, Dean had started being a little nicer to the archangel. Whenever Michael showed up, Dean either politely ignored him, or tried his hardest to get Michael off track, so they could talk about something besides the big “yes.” The truth was, it wasn’t horrible to have the company, and he was starting to believe that Michael
Sammy?
“I got it, I got it,” Sam said, while making it worse.
Of course, there were a slew of difficult moments, especially at first. Like the first time they went up against a demon, and Sam looked on in shock as Dean stood his ground, frustrating the demon’s attempts to fuck him over and throw him against a wall thanks to the protective symbols stolen from hell tattooed on his arms. There was the time that Dean forgot himself after a different demon got a little too close to Sam, and Dean literally scalped the demon in a furious rage before they could even question it. There were all the times Dean turned down food, and drink, and sleep, and Sam looked sadly at him, somehow surprised anew every time. And worst of all, there was the time Sam casually mentioned that his birthday had been the previous day and Dean realized that he had completely forgotten the significance of the day. Sam didn’t understand why Dean was so upset by that, saying that they never really did much for birthdays anyway, but Dean felt worse than usual for the next week.
“I’ve nearly found it,” Castiel said. “I will return to you soon. Keep your eyes out, and don’t draw unnecessary attention to yourself.”
Cas quickly steered them to a bookstore, where he was lucky to find a perfect gift for Sam almost immediately. The book on ancient Meso-American civilizations really couldn’t have been for anyone else.
“You can’t run for long, boys,” he said. “I’ll catch up. I always do.”
“Maybe a possession?” Dean said. “But it still makes no sense why they took her baby, too.”
“Nothing,” Dean said, choking on air. “It’s just… nothing.”
not because he remembered how cautious Bobby was but because there was still the faintest trace of hell on him, a trace that recoiled and screamed at the contact.
“I don’t know,” Cas said, turning away. “As I said, I’m not told much. As far I understand it, there were some complicated prophecies that had to be fulfilled before the first seal could be broken. But every seal after that was relatively easy. My brothers in the garrison did their best, but we didn’t even know about the seals until half of them were already gone. The last seal was Lilith’s death.”
have been a random fluke had Dean on the verge of thinking all sorts of dangerous thoughts.
“Good morning, Dean.”
raise you from hell just to have you go back,” Cas said firmly. He moved closer and bent his head, making eye contact with Dean. Dean wasn’t sure what Cas was hoping to find in his eyes, but it had to be something, because he was looking at him hard.
Dean chuckled a little, shaking his head. “I don’t know, man, sometimes I think I should try to do the white picket fence thing, settle down, be more like Sam… but that’s just not me. Don’t want to saddle someone else with my crap, you know?”
Castiel waited for Dean to take several deep breaths, turning his attention towards the ducks again. They had been creeping closer and closer to the angel, and now a few of them were at his feet, rubbing against them reverently in a suspiciously non-duck-like manner.
“Shit,” Dean said, peering in to see that the place appeared to have been ransacked completely.
“Why have you not gone to your brother?” he said. “I had assumed that would be the first thing you did.”
“Wait,” Dean said. “This isn’t happening
“Yeah?” Dean said, laughing a little. He steered Cas towards the bed, and felt grateful that they’d gotten a room with one big bed (Cas had claimed he wouldn’t be sleeping). Cas let Dean fall on top of him and press their lips back together, gentler this time, trying to show the angel that he had some technique beyond a desperate exchange of saliva. Cas matched his gentler pace, his hands wandering as if in attempt to touch Dean in every place possible. Dean indulged the urge, sitting back and pulling off his shirt.
The ground next to the fire began to split in an alarmingly perfect crack. Dean broke free of the demons holding him to pull his brother back from the growing cavern. Alastair noticed Dean had broken free, and moved towards him, but was halted by a sudden disturbance in his ranks caused by a blue, glowing body crashing into the wall of cloaked demons. Dean turned to watch and saw two more following, causing the demons to fan out in confusion.
Castiel had perhaps achieved the lowest rock bottom he’d ever hit in his life. Not only had he managed to get publicly and obviously rejected by Dean Winchester without even having the courage to speak his truth first, he’d also been deemed a worse problem than Gabriel, as evidenced by the fact that
twinkling mockingly at him.
“There it is again,” Sam said. “You said you were in hell for a hundred years before, but that makes no sense, Dean. It was ten months.”
“Yes, an angel,” Dean said. “He found me, and pulled me out.”
Cas abruptly reached out to grab his heavy, neglected cock, jacking him quickly, so quickly that Dean came in surprise within a matter of seconds. The angel wasn’t far behind him, stilling abruptly and breathing heavily. He pulled out and collapsed next to Dean, who swung a lazy arm around his torso.
Dean could find a case, but it seemed so futile. He went to a drugstore instead, buying a bunch of random shit his dad would have judged him for and angrily justifying them all to his judgmental internal voice. He pushed the pile of incriminating items at the pimpled kid at the register, daring him to say something, but the kid appeared too engrossed in his phone to care.
Cas, who had never once looked at Dean like he was a kicked puppy, visited occasionally, most often to point him in the direction of a relevant case. Usually, they were just simple demon cases. Once, he tried to convince Dean to leave a town that was about to be terrorized by the demon Samhain, but Dean refused to leave the town’s occupants to get smote along with the demon. Cas looked relieved by his decision. Sam, who was out with Ruby while Cas was in, was shocked and offended both that Dean didn’t bother to introduce him to the angel and that Dean had the nerve to talk back to
“What paper would I use?” she said. “Bobby’s old newspaper articles?”
“Perhaps the powers that be thought you would flee the scene if you knew you had to socialize,” Jo said. She had clearly never forgiven him for being an awkward college student.
Dean looked up when the door opened, letting in a cool
“You think he succeeded?” Bobby said. “You think this angel came from Sam?”
“Hey, Gabriel,” Dean called out. “Watch this.”
“I think it has character,” Charlie said.
“Thank you,” Cas said. And when he finished showering and slid into bed next to Dean, out of spite for Gabriel, he refused to be affected by it at all. He pretended that Dean was Bobby Singer --
“Back in my day, it was just a man, his saw, and a random tree,” Dean grumbled.
“Could explain why I’m barely worth a call these days,” Bobby scoffed.
“I think we’ve lost him,” Cas said quietly.
“I’m good,” Dean breathed after a moment. “Go ahead.”
“Implications of intercourse,” Cas supplied. “I’ve heard.”
“You really think Alastair is up to something big?” he finally said.
“I’ll see you tomorrow, Dean,” Cas said.
someone he would feel any type of way about sleeping next to -- and was pleased when he managed to fall asleep quickly and with minimal yearning.
“Hey, I thought you were a prude, Cas,” Jo said.
“Great,” Dean said. “Anything else we need to do to prepare?”
And as embarrassing as it would be to get rejected by Dean Winchester with all their old friends around, there simply wasn’t another good time to do it. It had been several years since they’d been in the same place for more than a week, anyways, and Cas knew from experience that trying to confess his feelings during a quick 4-hour catch up whenever Dean just so happened to be in Boston was always awkward, and tended to result in him uncomfortably bailing halfway through. The most recent time, he’d gotten so close -- he’d even said it. Dean had led him right there, and he’d still managed to chicken out.
“Who are you?” Dean asked, though he was sure he already knew the answer.
I HAVE NEVER LIED TO YOU.
things.
“Sometimes,” Sam said. “He’s changed, Cas, he really has. He’s not trying to be our dad anymore. He’s kind, and he cares about people, and he’s not afraid to show it. He has all these friends of his own… he doesn’t even really have a permanent address, you know, but he still has more friends than me. I didn’t give him enough credit for so long, but the truth is, he’s a very emotionally intelligent person.”
“No,” Cas said, training that serious gaze on Dean, now. Dean swallowed, hard. “The demons have raised Lucifer. All of those strange happenings were to break the seals of the cage that held him in hell.”
Do people seriously [BLEEP] on national television, with cameras right outside the door? That’s insane. We’re not doing this.
MICHAEL
“Why so tense, Cas?” Dean said, starting up the engine and pulling out onto the road.
any of the pain he was supposed to be feeling each time the needles pierced his skin -- he only registered the feel of the gentle vibrations of the machine. If anything, the feeling of human contact each time Gil wiped away the excess ink or pulled his arm a certain way was actually pleasant enough so as to render the experience positive overall.
“Don’t remind me,” Cas said.
They got into their respective sides of the bed, but Dean rolled over to Cas’s side immediately.
“We’re the
“No, he sent some guys,” Dean said.
“What can we do about it, Cas?” Dean said. “Why are you telling us about this?”
“Who says I’m going to hell?” Dean said belligerently. “I’m planning to go to Mexico, actually.”
“Come on, pay up Gabriel,” Sam said. “They did get together on the 26th, you can’t deny it.”
“Yeah,” Dean said. “Except… look at this one. A ten-month-old went missing.”
“He’s the last ingredient,” Alastair informed Dean. “We need his blood to summon Death, you see. Really very kind of you to bring him to us. I can always count on you, Dean-o.”
almost feel outclassed by him.
“I exist,” Cas said, voice tinged with a hint of dark humor. “Lucifer is an angel as well. If I exist, so should he.”
“You’re incredible,” Cas breathed, pulling back slightly to let Dean breathe. Dean immediately dipped back down, sensing that the other man was close.
“Oh, did you want some?” Cas said. “I apologize. I will get some more.”
“Wow, Cas,” Dean said. “I mean, you too, but maybe we need to work on lightening up your dirty talk a little.”
The guy wordlessly passed a pen over the counter, and added a few old-looking receipts after a quick glance yielded nothing in easy reach. Dean nodded his thanks and began drawing.
One more thing. Do
“Yeah, yeah, I’m your brother, and I thought we both were on the same page that we’re hunters, and we try to get as many of the bad guys as possible. Is that not the situation?” Dean said, pulling out the knife he always kept on hand and flipping it in his hand rapidly.
“That’s impossible,” he said slowly. Dean had closed the Sam-door in his mind the second his brother had hung up on him, knowing that thinking about him any further would only make him angry, but now that door swung open with a violence that left Dean mostly stunned and thinking much too fast. “I won’t let that happen. That can’t happen.”
not have just fallen through one of the minuscule slats in the wood onto Dean’s forehead.
Yes, so who’s left? Who just got let out of his cage?
“Okay,” Cas said, and then, for the first time in his life, he was leaning forward to kiss someone he was confident he actually
Dean had to admit she had a point there.
Listen, Dean, I thought it might come to this. My brothers don’t know, but there is actually a third option.
about this angel crap and didn’t tell me?” Bobby said. Sam looked sheepish again.
“He did create us,” Cas said. “But most of us never receive proof of his existence, beyond our own existence. We only have our faith.”
The audience makes sympathetic noises.
His phone had been dead for at least three days. Prior to its demise, Bobby had been leaving increasingly stern and specific voicemails, which told Dean that Cas must have filled him in on the entire sordid affair. It was good that Bobby knew, Dean supposed. Perhaps it would make Bobby slightly more sympathetic to what Dean had to do, once he got the courage to do it.
Dean was somewhat surprised, but did as he said, wondering if he was about to get his dick accidentally chomped off by an amateur. He quickly stopped wondering, as it became clear that Cas had somehow managed to pick up on all of Dean’s usual techniques already. He was replicating them all perfectly.
Cas didn’t need to hear another word of encouragement to take shelter from the cold, and bustled in with all the bags crammed on his arms. He rushed up to his and Dean’s room, hiding the bags from prying eyes as best as he could, and dumped them unceremoniously on the ground. He collapsed on the bed, eyes shutting, but didn’t lie there for more than five minutes before Jo was sent to collect him.
“Didn’t we already do that last night?”
Are you trapped here too, lady?
Dean considered that, then appeared to get an idea.
that was the problem -- it was how he felt. Or rather, didn’t feel.
“Lucifer’s vessel is Sam Winchester,” Zachariah said.
Cas didn’t know what to say next, and unfortunately, Sam didn’t help him out, choosing instead to come all the way into the panic room and silently sit beside him. He gave Cas a reassuring pat of the shoulder, and that was it.
“Perfect,” Sam said, eyes brightening for the first time in weeks. “We get the Colt, we kill Alastair, then the ritual can’t happen and Alastair’s gone for good.”
to get drunk. He drove out to an open field instead, far from the suburbs or the town, and stood right in the middle of it. Though he couldn’t see Michael, he felt his presence, hovering around, waiting to touch down.
that guy in a fight? He’s so bloodthirsty,
“Sure, take it,” Dean said, sticking out his arm.
Cut to a sequence of shots of an ATTRACTIVE BLONDE WOMAN playing the role of MICHAEL. He stands awkwardly, ignoring producer cues in favor of looking uncomfortable and angry.
He caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror of the impala, and felt like he was going to throw up. How had he convinced Cas -- innocent, angelic Cas -- to have sex with him? Dean used to think of himself as an attractive person, but now he could only see the hellbound, battered soul within whenever he looked at himself. Once, there was a time when his one-night stands had tried to stick around, and he’d had to learn how to gracefully extract himself from them, but now everyone could surely see what Dean did. No one in their right mind would want to stick around. Just look at how quickly Cas had disappeared.
Studio audience begins clapping and whooping enthusiastically.
“I guess this is the best we can do,” Sam said with a groan, after twenty more minutes of hanging, rearranging, and attempts at creative solutions had passed. “Thanks for all your help guys, seriously. I think we’ve made it look really nice in here.”
“Well,” Dean said, looking off at the snowbanks in the distance. “I guess you want to know what happened in there.”
“I can’t seem to remember,” Alastair said, gazing dramatically off into the distance as if he were trying to recall. “Maybe if you had all your little tools, you could try to force me to remember, huh, Dean? But you don’t. Sad. Wasn’t life so much better back in hell?”
“This is a disaster,” Sam groaned.
“The man at the gas station said that if I put coins into the payphone I could reach you,” Cas said, confusion in his tone. “Where are you?”
Cas rolled his eyes and went to lie down on Sam’s bed. “Just be quiet until Sam gets here.”
“And in that time you’ve… gotten drunk. Gotten stoned. Had sex. Right?” Dean pleaded.
“He’s vanished, and yes, we should still find him,” Cas said. “Eventually. However, we have different priorities now. Sam told me about your conversation with Alastair, and I believe I know now why Lilith is dead, and what their plan is. My superiors... they seem to agree.”
“Woah, buddy,” Dean said. “You seem pretty drunk.”
“Gabriel arrived last night,” Bobby said. From his deliberately neutral tone, Castiel inferred that Gabriel had not behaved himself at all in his absence. He tried to convey his apologies to Bobby through eye contact alone.
“I don’t think so,” Dean said, mind going a thousand miles a minute. “He’s a planner. Everything he does is for a specific reason. Why was he planning for us to be here, at this specific ritual?”
“You haven’t made out with everyone here,” Dean said. “Just me and… Charlie, right?”
“But--”
“Merry Christmas Eve, guys,” Charlie said.
“Bobby gave me a cell phone,” Cas said. “He told me that you and Sam arrived a few hours ago. He said you seemed upset.”
“I’m not supposed to be doing this,” he said after a brief silence, looking down as if in shame. “I have my orders, and finding God is not one of them.”
I don’t know. I think he just wants you to pick anyone, as long as you do it now.
(See the end of the chapter for
brother is making us act out this weird fantasy of his, but it’s not real.
“Sure, sure,” Gabriel said, turning to leave.
“Wait, Jo,” Cas said. “Did the guy consent to getting his toe cut off?”
I’m not so sure. Some of the angels are getting tired of the constant skirmishes, with no real results. Angels and demons are fighting all the time, at great cost to both sides, but nothing is getting accomplished. There was so much talk of a Lucifer and Michael fight, but some are losing faith that it will even result in a winner. Many believe the war will drag on forever. Some want an end to the war, even more than a victory for their side.
“We don’t
tell your brother about this plan, for the love of all that is holy. Castiel is fine to talk to, but do
“I assume you did all the tests,” Sam said. “Plus, I’d know Dean anywhere.”
“Perhaps,” Cas said, fixing Dean with a dark look.
“Seriously, does it hurt?” Dean said, crouching down. He was rewarded with a clumsily made snowball to the face.
Cas won the battle when they made it all the way into town without finding a decent tree to chop down, so they pulled into the local Christmas tree lot. Cas had been there many years prior, and remembered it as a very festive and well stocked place, but it was obvious that this year, they had come a little too late to get the best options. Dean quickly became enthusiastic about the mission anyways.
“Eh,” Dean mumbled. “Rather him dead than me alive.”
“Only if you want to.”
“Great,” Dean said, looking around the destroyed church. “You think we’re done here?”
“Wow, Cas,” Dean said, threading his fingers through his thick hair. “You sure learn quick.”
, gently scolding them when they did something wrong, playing with them in the snow, teaching them how to change a tire on a car… he’d punch him. And Cas would deserve it.
Dean finally pulled off and swallowed heavily. Cas was panting slightly, sweaty and sprawled out over the bed, looking shell-shocked.
“What is the Hallmark thing?” Cas snapped.
“Douglas Firs have the best smell,” said Alfie, the sales associate that had immediately identified them as Two People Who Might Need Help and attached himself by Cas’s side. “But the Nobles tend to be taller.”
What does it say?
“It’s not cute,” Cas said, who had several objections to the tradition, including the very real chance they might get hypothermia or lose appendages to frostbite. But one major benefit to the tradition was Dean’s presence in it -- that combined with the warmth from the whiskey motivated Cas to follow Dean out the door and into the snowy night, where it was eerily quiet and bright, from the lights and the almost-full moon.
Dean barely looked like who he used to be, at least to his own biased gaze. He was probably still recognizable to anyone else, though. What else could he change?
They began another lap of the mall, but ran out of stamina sooner than they’d hoped due to the large amount of bags they already had and the waning effects of the hard hot chocolate. Plus, it just seemed like it would be impossible to do better than the lumpy, puce-colored socks with deformed Santas on them that Dean found. The misshapen nature of the thread made Santa’s pipe look a little like a blunt, which added to their appeal.
“It’s the first impression!” Sam said. “It’s the first impression Jess will have of the house.”
“No,” Dean said, pushing the bottle of whiskey towards him. “Here, try something with a little more of a punch to it.”
Cas walked over to join him, holding the blanket out as an offering. Dean shook his head, so Cas wrapped it around himself. The lamp did help some, but not enough.
of them. Dean couldn’t imagine why. If hell had taught him anything, it was that you used every possible weapon available if you wanted to survive. And if the best weapon Sam had to offer was getting a nosebleed while staring at a demon, well, so be it. “They want me to do it.”
GABRIEL
“It’s time,” he said authoritatively. “Twenty seconds to midnight.”
“We should get some gift bags, so we don’t have to wrap them in anything. Wait, are you good at wrapping? I feel like you’d be good at wrapping,” Dean said. “Can you wrap my presents?”
On Christmas Eve, Cas woke up to see Dean staring right at him.
“Oh, dude, come on, it’s our last night on earth,” Dean said. “You
“All right, Michael, you son of a bitch,” Dean whispered. “I’m about to walk into an army of fucking demons, demons who hate me and want to tear apart this vessel you seem to love so much. If you’re serious about ‘being on my side,’ you’ll keep that from happening. If not… well… I’ll see you in hell, I guess. Prayer over. Amen.”
Well, one of those choices happens to be
“This is a very sophisticated setup you got here,” he said sarcastically. “Would be a shame if some rain were to come in and put out this fire, wouldn’t it?” As he spoke, the rain from outside changed angles and became impossibly horizontal, pelting at the ground with a supernatural viciousness and just barely managing to graze Dean’s back, despite the fact that he was far from any window or door.
He was trying to keep a positive attitude for the angel, and found it strangely easier than trying to do the same for Sam. There was just something about Cas -- his innocence, maybe, or his persistent belief that he should do “the right thing” --  that made Dean genuinely want to make him happy. It didn’t feel like a duty, or a burden -- it felt like a choice. Plus, Cas had never known Dean before hell, so there was less pressure to pretend to be his old self. He could just be.
Despite the distressing fact that Gabriel, who was well over forty now and as much of an “adult” as he’d ever be, required supervision to put up decorations, Castiel thought that the place was actually starting to look pretty nice. In the chosen corner, Jo and Charlie were wrestling with the lights on the Christmas tree, and while it had seemed to be a difficult battle (Castiel noted that a roll of duct tape and a hammer had been required, for reasons unknown), it came out looking good and ready for ornaments tomorrow. There was enough garland to cover the entirety of the downstairs and all except the top tenth of the bannister on the stairs (Gabriel claimed that no one would notice, but it bothered Castiel), and that combined with the army of candles and assortment of antiquated angel decorations that Bobby had apparently had hidden somewhere made the whole place seem downright cheery. The illusion would be shattered if one decided to read the text on the new boxes of storage Sam had got for Bobby, with labels such as “Ammo” and “More ammo,” but one just had to hope that Jess would be overwhelmed by the festive atmosphere and not notice such details.
“Look, Cas,” Dean said. “I realize I’ve been an idiot for years, okay, but give me a chance to explain myself before you write me off forever, please. For as long as I knew you, I thought that you didn’t want to be with anyone, never wanted to date anyone… I mean, I know there was Meg, and Balthazar, but from the way you talked about them after the fact… I guess I assumed you had decided dating and sex and all of that wasn’t your thing. Which is fine. But
“Human blood is an archaic necessity for this type of spell,” Cas grumbled. “I do not approve of it.”
“I thought he had some big plan. And rather than stop the whole thing, you save one guy?”
“Where am I?” Dean rasped, heading straight for the guy.
“That’s weirder,” Dean mumbled. He glanced around, registering that he was in a motel room with another, empty bed. “Is Sam around? What happened?”
CASTIEL
They were on the road within the next ten minutes, Dean’s stolen car stashed in with the other shitty cars in the lot. Bobby was mostly silent throughout the drive, though Dean couldn’t tell if it was because Bobby wasn’t great with words or if he still didn’t trust him. He only broke the silence when they were around an hour out from the town Sam was supposed to be in.
“Thanks,” Dean said, panting slightly.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Sam said. “I’m trying to help you, but you seem like you don’t want to be helped by me right now.”
“You did,” Dean said.
“We’re so fucked,” Dean said, putting his face in his hands. “Of
happen today,” Gabriel said. “Have either of the Chuckle Brothers filled you in on what we’re doing tomorrow?”
“Hey, Cas, I go on death missions all the time,” Dean said, forcing himself to ignore the damage to his car for now. “This is just another Thursday for me, all right?”
Voices suddenly began whispering in Dean’s ear, surprising him and causing him to whip around to try to figure out where they were coming from. He couldn’t tell what they were saying, but they were deep and pleasing and seemed to be beckoning him to go somewhere. Furrowing his brow, Dean tried to make out the words, but no matter how far he reached, the words were still just barely incomprehensible.
Dean had thought about his options a lot, between his drinking binges, whenever a few hours of coherent thoughts forced their way into his tired head. By his figuring, he could go to hell, voluntarily, and kill his father -- an inconceivable choice. Or, he could go to hell involuntarily, after a long life of trying to hide from the demons and the angels and the whole fucking apocalypse.
GABRIEL
“We tried really hard,” Gabriel said smoothly, hiding the mouse behind his back and batting his eyelashes.
“Alastair made it sound like it was
“Edge of the bed,” Cas said, pulling his legs and helping him line up so that he was lying on the edge of the bed, at the perfect spot for Cas to push in without having to bend too much. Dean felt the angel’s cockhead tease at his entrance for a few moments before he was pushing in, slowly so as to not hurt him. Dean groaned when he felt Cas bottom out, getting used to the dueling sensations of the slight soreness and the spike of arousal.
The producer looks concerned and begins talking urgently to the other crew members around her.
MICHAEL
“Holy shit,” the guy said.
“We could play spin the bottle,” Gabriel said, winking at Cas, who began sweating a little. He had long since developed a Pavlovian panic response to Gabriel's winks.
want to kiss me?”
?” Dean said, the illusion immediately shattered.
“Demonic plans, like what Ruby has been talking about,” Sam prodded. “Me and her, and now Dean, have been trying to stamp out all the unusual activity we’ve been noticing.”
“Yes,” Cas said. “I’ll keep a watch.”
Castiel was supposed to be one of the first to arrive at Bobby's place, but due to an unfortunate flooding incident caused by one of his second years, as well as an overly harsh reviewer comment on a paper he was trying to get published ASAP, he ended up arriving in South Dakota on the 22nd instead of the 19th. This three day margin should not have meant that Castiel arrived at what felt like an active crime scene, except for the fact that it did.
(See the end of the chapter for
In life, Dean had been all over the country. Memories of what he’d seen had been gone for years, replaced by a series of much worse and more relevant ones, but here, now, breathing what seemed to be the actual air of the living, a loose series of memories slowly swam back to the surface. These types of trees, this grass, the flat, desolate land all around -- this could be any number of states, Dean knew.
know how to have fun, right? I know you’re an angel, but you’ve let loose once or twice in your life, right? You’ve been alive a fucking millennium.”
He’d fallen into a light sleep once again when the thing of note happened. At first, he assumed that the piercing noise that made its way into his dream was just from another nightmare, but then the lightbulb above him exploded, raining glass down on Dean and waking him up for real. He scrambled to shelter in the bathroom, where the mirror promptly exploded as well. Falling to his feet, Dean’s arms went up involuntarily, trying to protect his ears from the increasingly loud screeching sound.
“Another thing,” Cas said. “Other angels are coming to earth already, and their numbers will only increase. I would advise you to be wary of any besides me.”
“Had to be in hiding for a while,” Gabriel said with a shrug. “Plus, I had special orders to fuck with Sam like that. He’s an important piece of the puzzle, you know.”
“Jeez, easy with the--”
people?” Gabriel said with a snort. “Not on your life, kid.”
They got to their feet, Cas reluctant to fully detach from Dean, savoring every spot in which their arms touched, and where their fingers were interlaced.
GABRIEL
Dean had been back in the motel room for around a day before something else happened.
“Does Dean ever communicate his feelings to anyone, though?” Cas said bitterly, before realizing that this may not be the time to be complaining.
be killed.”
Dean felt his vision begin to go black as he fell faster and faster. The ground had to be coming soon, he knew it was, and he envisioned himself hitting it with a spectacular splat, envisioned Michael carefully entering his pancaked body and taking it away.
