“When I was younger, I wanted to be a scientist. I even went to the university in Paris for a short while before I joined the church.” There was an odd note in Tony’s voice, and when Steve looked over, he saw Tony shake his head once, sharply, as if trying to dismiss his thoughts, before he turned his head to see Steve looking at him. “What about you? Did you always want to be a Templar?”
“But- but you are-“ Clearly Steve couldn’t bring himself to say the words, so Tony said them for him.
Stark returned to his field of vision, and then something under his chin was lifting his face up. “Do you know what this is?” he asked, uncoiling the length of leather in his hands and letting it whisper along the carpet before coiling it again.
, Stark had said.
“You think I want to draw this out any longer than necessary?” Tony snapped. He struggled to a chair and sat down as if he were too weak to stand any longer, something that was sadly not too far from the truth. “I even took the time to mark the most likely location of the relics. In fact, I’ve done everything but dump the damn things in your lap. As you can see, I’m hardly in any condition to go haring off on a treasure hunt. Though if you gave me the antidote, and more time…” Tony trailed off suggestively. This was it, the moment on which everything hinged; was Stane greedy and arrogant enough to buy it? Had Tony dangled a tempting enough lure, spun a sufficiently convincing story? The moment stretched as Stane studied the page, flipping it over to read the clues and notes Tony had written on the back; when he finally refolded it, Tony let out a silent breathe of relief at the satisfied look on Stane’s face.
There was a pause and Steve said, “I understand,” voice carefully regulated, and Tony let out a bark of laughter when he realized what Steve was thinking.
“Strange.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony said again after a long moment, and this time guilt was a rock in his stomach. “You’re right. I promise I’ll do better.”
“That would be unfortunate,” Stane said with a deep sigh. “I’d be disappointed to learn that you weren't any smarter than your father.”
“I…” Steve hadn’t gotten that far. “I don’t know yet.”
He thought about the man who had stars in his eyes and talked excitedly about windmills and realized anew just how much he had hurt him with his thoughtless accusation of perfidy. “You’re a good man, Tony,” he said softly.
“I’m drunk,” Tony said softly. “You should go.”
“Nothing certain yet,” Stark said. “A few sightings, but he’s always moved on by the time my people get there.”
“Then where does the Church get the right to send us off to fight and die in their Holy Wars? It doesn’t say, ‘thou shalt not kill unless it’s Muslims, then it’s ok.’ And in which commandment does it tell you who to love? If He felt it was that important, why didn’t he make it a commandment? Why doesn’t Jesus ever say anything about it?” Bucky challenged. “I think it’s because maybe God doesn’t care who you love as long as you aren’t hurting anyone.”
Steve looked skeptical and crossed his arms over his chest. “I’m calling Ana and Edwin.”
After the disastrous dinner, Steve started avoiding Stark; judging from the lack of invitations to share meals, Stark was more than happy to let him.  Then one day Brother Peter showed up at his door and gestured for Steve to follow him to the stables, where he handed Steve a shovel. From that day forward, dressed in his simple novitiate robes, Steve fell into a routine of work and prayer that kept his mind too busy and body too tired to dwell on his problems; the one time he summoned the nerve to ask about it, Brother Peter said that Cardinal Stark was working on it and would keep Steve informed as he saw fit, which Steve took as a rebuke and a suggestion to not ask again. So he scrubbed dishes in the kitchen, stacked firewood, shoveled coal, tended to the sick and performed whatever other chores they found for him to do quickly and without protest, hoping all the while that he’d be too tired at the end of the day for the nightmares to come.
“The sun’s been up for hours,” Steve snapped. “Is he ill, that he is still abed?”  He lifted his fist to bang on the door but was brought up short when it swung open before he could knock.  A woman was on the other side, hair clearly hastily brushed and tied back, face still slightly flushed from exertion. Steve noticed that her blouse was improperly buttoned and jerked his eyes away, gritting his teeth as he felt his face go red.  Already infuriated at being made to wait, he felt his anger irrationally tick higher.
"Are you serious?" Tony's jaw dropped. “Stane? All of this was
“Nomini tuo da gloriam.” Steve repeated the final words to the Templar oath automatically, studying the man with renewed interest.   He glanced around to see if they were being watched and moved a little closer, because the only person who knew he was here that wasn’t Stark or Brother Peter was Bucky. He bowed his head as if praying and gestured for the man to do the same.  “Who was sent you here? Was it a man named James?”
Tony nodded thoughtfully and folded the piece of paper, setting it on the tray next to the empty plates. “I agree that the relics need to be protected,” he said. “But that doesn’t solve the immediate problem of people trying to kill us to get their hands on them. None of them will rest until they are located.”
“Yes, Your Grace,” Steve said, mouth dry. Stark stepped away as if retrieving something else and Steve closed his eyes against the sudden flare of nervousness; then Stark was back, stroking Steve’s back possessively, and he settled again. The touch continued over the curve of Steve’s ass and then he felt the silk of Stark’s dressing gown against his calves as Stark knelt behind him.
Steve shrugged. “Bucky was training to be a knight, and my mentor suggested perhaps that God had given me this body for a reason. So I asked to be trained as well and then we both decided to join the Templars.” Speaking of Bucky suddenly reminded him of why he was out here sleeping under the stars rather than in his bed at the Temple and his mood plummeted. “What about you?” he asked, trying to take his mind off his worry for Bucky. “Why did you decide to join the Church?”
“Because I always win?” Bucky said with a rakish grin.
Steve looked at Tony in disbelief. Tony was studiously looking at his eel pie, but his ears were a bright red while Natasha was tapping her toes to the song, grinning widely.
“That’s what I was going to ask you. What did you do with them?”
“You tried to rob him and he gave you a job?” He pressed. That didn’t seem like the kind of thing that really happened to people, but honestly, he could see Stark doing something like that.
“Have you ever run into them?”
“Well you didn’t give me much of a choice, did you?” Tony pulled a folded sheet of paper out of his desk and handed it to Stane. “This is what we got out of him. I’d have him tell you himself, but,” Tony said with a shrug, “well, his pretty face is pretty much the only thing we left intact.”
“And the others?”
“You are
was an ass,” he said. An impulse had Steve reaching for the bottle, and with raised eyebrows Tony handed it over. “I was wrong, and I’m sorry.”
“The relics have already been hidden, as the Cardinal demanded,” Natasha said, taken aback by Steve’s urgency. “Why? What’s going on?”
“No! No. Look, I don’t want to talk about it,” Tony said shortly. “What’s this news you have? You said you knew where Barnes was.”
"I can't imagine how long it takes you to sit at confession."
Blocking the door, the footman drew himself up and looked down his nose as much as he could given that Steve was a foot taller than him.  “His Excellency said you were to be held in quarantine,” he said again. “He will see you when he has time for it, and no sooner. You will wait here until he is available.”
Natasha nodded and knelt on the bed as she took Tony by the jaw and tilted his head back to pour the water from the grail into his mouth, tipping it slowly so he wouldn’t choke. It felt like it took an agonizingly long time to get the contents of the small cup into him, sip by sip, having to start over every time the water spilled out of Tony’s slack mouth, but eventually the grail was empty. Steve set him gently back against the bed, and they all held their breath as they watched him for any sign of improvement.
“He’s not
“I understand. Be safe,” he said hoarsely, stepping back as Bucky’s horse sidled under his weight.  There was no one on this Earth more important to him; they had been raised together, joined the order together, went to war together, and now he was leaving Steve behind for a mysterious mission.  Going, for the first time, somewhere that Steve wasn’t allowed to follow.
“Well, he’s going to be asleep for at least ten hours. I recommend putting him on a ship at Calais.”
“Oh, I’m going somewhere alright,” Steve said grimly. “I’m going to Paris to get those goddamn relics.” Tony raised his eyebrows at the tone in Steve’s voice; that was the kind of tone that demanded that Steve be wearing a snowy white surplice with armor instead of rags filthy with pig’s blood. “The Iron Cardinal must have post horses between here and Paris. Tell me what to do.”
“The mendicants in the cart are to be quarantined,” he interrupted brusquely. “Give them a bed then leave them alone. I will deal with them later.” When the steward nodded and turned to leave, Tony held his breath to see if Stane would say anything, but the man just continued down the hall. Even if he’d heard what the steward had said, the lives of two nobodies meant less than nothing to him - a trait he’d shared with Tony’s father, who had always been aggravated with what he’d called Tony’s soft heart. Tony sent a fervent prayer skyward that Stane’s arrogance would keep him blind to the fact that his prize was right under his nose, and another one that Steve would, for once, stay put and not draw attention to himself.
“People know that I will pay good money to someone who can tell me something I don’t know. The more interesting or useful it is, the more I pay. I’ve bought many a traveling minstrel a new instrument for bringing me news from outside of France.”
"Are you busy right now?"
Tony had never been the problem. He realized now, as he should have months ago, that he didn’t dislike Tony. Christ, if only it were that simple. In truth, he was scared of what Tony made him feel, the strength of it and what it meant. How Tony would react when he found out. And now, when those feelings came too close to the surface, Steve reacted in the worst possible way. His shoulders sagged as the anger drained away as fast as it had come, leaving him feeling cold and hollow.
“Uh, yes,” Steve said. “I was just making sure we weren’t forgetting anything.” Even though Tony studiously avoided meeting his eyes as he climbed into the back of the cart with Bucky and didn't say a word, Steve felt better than he had in days.
“And Stane sees an opportunity to have them all for himself,” Tony finished. “And unfortunately for Barnes, he runs straight towards the architect of this whole mess."
Steve stared, stunned, as a man a few years younger than himself came out of one of the doors behind Stark’s desk, looking more put together than the woman but his clothes were tellingly wrinkled.  He hesitated a moment when he saw Steve and stole a glance at Stark, but when Stark just shrugged he bobbed a quick bow and left.   Steve’s hands tightened into fists as his fury came back two-fold.
Steve drained his cup of wine and stood.  “The only good news is that if they are trying this hard to get to me, that means they don’t have Bucky.  He’s still safe.”  When Stark was suspiciously quiet, he turned and his stomach dropped at the look on Stark’s face.
Tony didn't even spare him a glance. "You always make such pretty apologies, Rodgers," Tony said after a long moment, voice cool, and Steve's stomach sank. "When Jesus said that the righteous man turns the other cheek, he didn't say that he had to keep going back for more." Somehow, despite the coarse brown robes he wore, the stubble on his cheeks and his closely-shorn hair, Tony had pulled Cardinal Stark around him like a cloak, seeming suddenly out of reach though he sat a few handspans away.  Steve bowed his head and didn't argue; he knew that he wasn't owed forgiveness just because he asked for it.
With each mile that passed, Tony’s stomach tied itself into tighter and tighter knots. The silent but unforgettable presence of Steve behind him was like a loose tooth. He was sorely tempted to turn to study the surprising, frustrating man, but was afraid it would start a conversation and he had no idea what would come out of his mouth right now if he tried to talk. Steve's startling confession had hit like a lightning bolt from a clear blue sky, sending Tony's thoughts scattering like a flock of startled birds and distracting him at a time when he desperately needed to focus. Focus on the relics, focus on Hydra, on what he was going to say to his father. He and his father hadn’t exchanged words since a blistering encounter in Paris where they’d almost come to blows. It had only been the fact that his father was exceptionally drunk that had kept it from getting worse; Tony had too much pride to fight someone so inebriated. He had no idea what brought Howard to Chateau d’Angers this time of year, when the social season in Paris was beginning. A scandal? Illness? Somehow an event of this importance had escaped Tony’s attention, and the lack of knowledge was another weight on his mind.
“Thank God,” Bucky said simply, then smiled wryly as he looked down at his hands, where the fingers were still splinted and bandaged. “I don’t suppose I could have some, too?”
You said yourself that Bucky sent you here to keep you safe, to hide you, right?” Steve nodded reluctantly.  “Then why would he send another knight, a complete stranger, to you and potentially draw attention to you, to risk your cover like that? Here? In the center of the worst of the persecution?” Steve had no answer to that, so Stark continued, ticking off his points on his fingers as he made them. “As I was saying, King Phillip is looking for the Templar treasure, which means he’s looking for your friend. He knows that you and Bucky were particularly close, so now he’s looking for you.  He knows that you and I knew each other, and I’ve already been questioned about you multiple times – what you might know, who you might know, where you could have gone.  Is any of this drawing a picture for you?”
Tony tried not to tense and glanced at the road to make sure Steve wasn't close by. Tony didn’t like the idea of Steve knowing any more than he already did about his work as the Iron Cardinal; Steve already thought Tony was unsavory enough without knowing about the spying and the illicit trade network. “I have, actually. Where did you hear that name?”
“You do have a temper,” Stark agreed again. “Are you ready?”
Steve almost choked on the bread and felt himself going red, the hot flush starting on his cheeks and spreading down to his neck and chest as Tony cackled. "I'm not even sure it's safe for me to sit next to you on this wagon," Steve managed after a moment, climbing in next to Tony. "If God smites you I don't want to be collateral damage."
“Well?” Stane studied the pill with an affected casualness. “Do we have a deal?”
Tony hesitated, sorely tempted. Help with writing what felt like an interminable stack of letters felt like a Godsend – he had to write instructions to solicitors, letters to neighbors, announcements to villages, orders to people throughout the Iron Cardinal network. It seemed like he must be killing entire forests for all the paper he was using. He’d already gone through multiple quills already; some goose somewhere was going to be chilly come winter once Tony used up all his feathers. “No, I’m fine,” he lied after a moment, summoning a smile. “I can take care of it.” There’s no way Steve wouldn’t notice his growing frailty if he stayed to help.
” Tony bit out. He took another drink, the light of the fire glinting through the dark bottle. “The truth is, I never wanted to join the Church. My father forced me into it after a youthful indiscretion. I only agreed because I thought I would be protecting someone I loved, but after I took my vows that I learned that my lover had taken a small fortune from my father and moved to Marseille.”
Steve understood what Tony was saying, he really did. He’d been the one to counsel hot-headed youths fresh to war of the value of patience, of knowing when to strike to double the chance of success. But never before had Bucky been in danger without Steve by his side, and he found that he couldn’t find any of his former wisdom right now. “How long will it take us to get there?”
“Er, excuse me, my lord,” the woman said, dipping a quick curtsey before edging around Steve and his escort.  The cleric that served as Cardinal Stark’s assistant took advantage of Steve’s surprise to duck around him into the room.
“Thank you, Your Grace,” Steve said with a bow, and left.
Since Steve no longer wore his Templar robes and surplice, it was easy to forget that he was a battle-tested warrior; right now, however, Tony was vividly reminded of that fact as Steve mowed his way through the four armed bandits without so much as a shield. One bandit went down from a sharp kick to the side of his knee; he dropped his sword and cried out with pain as he fell, clutching his leg. Another swung clumsily at Steve with a sword that was spotted with rust; Steve ducked and grabbed the man's sword hand, twisting it until he let go, then punched him in the face, breaking his nose and sending him stumbling backwards. When he hit the ground, he didn't get back up, knocked out cold. A third man, seeing how quickly his compatriots were defeated, apparently decided that discretion was the better part of valor and sprinted for the woods while a fourth was struggling with a black man wearing Muslim garb. Tony moved to intercept the fleeing bandit but Steve got him with a flying tackle before he could get very far. All of the fight seemed to go out of the last man standing as he saw that his friends were all unconscious or on the ground groaning, and he dropped his sword and backed away from his opponent, putting his hands up in defeat.
Tony watched as she climbed back onto her horse with a tired sigh, leading the other two by their reins, finally turning away when she was out of sight. Inside, he found Steve standing awkwardly outside the door of Ana and Edwin’s spare bedroom, watching while Ana and her servant bustled around Barnes. Barnes’ filthy clothes were already in shredded rags at the foot of the bed and a kettle was starting to burble over the fireplace in the kitchen.
“Like what, Rodgers?” Stark asked, setting down his utensils. He leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms over his chest.  “What would you do? To what end? If you ride in to rescue them, all you will be doing is joining them.”
“I don’t know.” Well, the obvious answer is that they were likely after the relics in Bucky’s care, unless Bucky made some persistent enemies while he was stationed in the Holy Land. But what did a group of assassins from the East want with Christian relics, and more bafflingly, how did they know that Bucky had them? “Sam, is there anything else you know about these people?”
“What if he’s being held by the King? Or by the Church?”
A moment too late, Steve realized that the pillow had actually been a gesture of thoughtfulness and he felt like an ass. Again. “The pillow is too soft,” he explained, busying himself with the flint to start the fire so he didn’t have to look at Tony. “I can’t sleep if the pillow or bed is too soft.” Tony made a soft “ah” of understanding and then Steve heard him put the pillow away and start rummaging through their stores of food. After a moment, though, Steve couldn’t help but add, “But you
Stane gave him a sardonic look as he sat back down. “We have reason to believe that the man we are looking for is Sir Steve Rogers. You met with him many times before the Templars were dissolved.”
Sure enough, after the monastery had gone quiet and still, when the light of the full moon was drawing squares of silver on the floor and crickets and frogs were singing their nightly chorus, there was a gentle rap on Steve’s door. As Steve stood to open it, he realized his heart was racing and his palms were sweaty; over the past few hours, Steve had realized that the difference was that now Stark seemed approachable in a way he had not before, almost like he was a completely different person. In his richly furnished rooms with his cardinal’s robes and the small army of people at his beck and call, he’d seemed out of Steve’s reach. Now, however, he was just another fellow monk as he stepped into Steve’s cell with one small candle to light his way.
you were just going to let yourself die without telling me and Pepper,” she hissed, jabbing a finger in his chest. “All that nonsense about wanting us to take over Iron Cardinal business so we could have more security and power, that was such
Stark’s hands stilled, and as he looked up Steve could tell that he had some cutting remark planned, but the words seemed to die on Stark’s tongue when he met Steve’s eyes. Steve felt naked under Stark’s thoughtful gaze, but he lifted his chin and refused to look away.  “And what if the person you gave your oath to is faithless and untrue? Does that relieve you of your vow?” Stark said after a long moment. “What if Grand Master Molay and other leaders of your Temple were in fact practicing heresy?”
“But-“
“A friend was asking me about it,” Tony said absently. “What is that? A hydra?”
while he pressed hot, open-mouthed kisses on Steve's neck. Maybe – maybe Tony would use his mouth on him, Steve thought, breath catching; Bucky said that women would do that sometimes – then he was coming with Tony’s name on lips just from the thought of that warm, wet heat on his cock. He slumped against the tree, panting, knees weak as he shivered through the last aftershocks of pleasure.
“Oh, no. Don’t tell me my father is at the manor right now,” Tony said with dismay as he sat down at the table. “He’s usually in Paris this time of year.”
“Good morning,” he said, feeling awkward when he saw Tony’s good spirits become guarded, like a banked fire. “I didn’t know you were already finished, I brought you breakfast,” he added, holding up the bowl awkwardly. “Can I do anything?”
“What did you do?”
“Is there anything I can do to help?” Steve offered. It was clearly paining him to not be hovering around Bucky as well; he had the air of a brooding hen being denied her chick.
Steve leaned over to read the paper as Bucky grew pale. “Where did you get this?” he asked shakily.
“Well, the mead is for the innkeeper. As for the other,” Tony shrugged and looked at him with wry amusement. “Are you sure you want my sins on your conscience?”
Steve pressed his fingers to his eyes before his traitorous brain could start imagining anything. “You know we had a meeting scheduled today,” he said tightly. He heard the bell ring for the quarter hour and said, “For fifteen minutes ago.”
Tony smiled at the memory. "It's not a story I can tell on my own," he said. "You'll have to wait until we are with Sister Natasha and Sister Virginia." Steve was silent for just a moment too long, giving Tony enough time to realize what he'd said and curse himself.
“He’s here, Your Excellency,” the footman announced. “In the study.”
“He doesn’t do it
“Are there many songs about the Iron Cardinal?” Steve asked, suddenly realizing why Tony had been so shifty a few days ago about where Steve had heard about the Iron Cardinal.
“Not important right now,” Stark said shortly.  “Look. The king is looking for the relics and the wealth that your friend spirited away from the Templar Keep and, thanks to the confessions of the knights already in his dungeons, knows that your friend is the only one who knows where it is.”
“Of course not, I would never have allowed it if I had known.  Which is probably why they went to such great lengths to keep it from me.” Steve could hear Stark’s fingers drumming on the wood of the desk and he lifted his head.
“That’s what I thought. I’m hoping we can get him to talk about what he saw.”
and now you
The vaguely familiar voice brought Steve up short, and when Natasha stopped in front of a stout iron-clad door he was stunned to see Hassam standing there. "What-"
“Oh?”
“Hello, Brother Grant,” Brother Lucien said cheerfully as Steve sat down at the table, gratefully loading his plate with the roasted potatoes and buttered onions that were being passed around. “This is Brother Eduard.”
“Have you always been this naïve?” Stark said sharply.  “Or has the past few week of idleness rotted your brain?”
Tony sighed and stood. “The penitent man
“He’s my aide. It’s different.”
Tony stared at him, speechless. “You are a real piece of work, Rodgers. I’m going to help you find your friend, though God knows you don’t deserve it, and then you can take all that self-righteousness and sexual repression and
Steve glanced over to where Cardinal Stark was explaining something to some visiting nobleman from the Kingdom of Arles, eyes bright and smile wide. “For one,
“Is that all?” Tony said with a twist to his mouth. “Easily accomplished.
Steve looked up at him, Stark’s thumb a suggestive pressure against his lip, just resting there as a question all its own. “I am, Your Grace,” he said, and when Stark inclined his head Steve started to fumble with his heavy crimson robes of office, gathering them at Stark’s thighs until Stark could free himself from his braes, and then Steve was staring at the hard length of Starks cock, flush with arousal.
“To attain the dignity of being the bride of Christ you must give yourself entirely over in service of the Church,” Stark said, his words heavy with meaning as they tightened on the curve of Steve’s hips. Steve felt a hand disappear for a moment and then Stark was sliding a slick finger from Steve’s tail bone all the way down to his balls, making his hole clench at the touch. The touch was repeated, then again, and with each pass Stark’s finger lingered longer and applied more pressure, coming close but not quite breaching the ring of muscle.
Natasha looked at him sympathetically. "I know Stane is close to your father. You don't think-"
.  “Sometimes it’s spices or contraband from England,” Thomas added, and Steve sighed.
“Steve!” Weeks later, Steve was suddenly jerked from sleep by the frantic banging on his door. “Steve!”
Tony stared at the bowl for a moment before taking it. “I hope Barnes is ready to be moved today. We need to get someplace safer.”
She put her hand on his arm, trying to turn him around, but he shrugged her off. “Then I’m going with you.”
“Steve?”
Hope suddenly filled Steve’s chest. “Do I? Truly?”
Steve shook his head. Turning around was automatic; after years of dealing with Tony as Iron Man, Steve could carry on a conversation with Tony without needing to see his face, but hearing Tony's voice coming from just over his shoulder made the skin on the back of his neck tingle distractingly. "If it was just our reputations at stake, I wouldn't hide anything." Steve met Tony's gaze, hoping the words sounded sincere, and not like empty rhetoric. He meant them – their relationship was not the media's business, and part of him cringed at the idea of having it dragged through the headlines and discussed on talk shows as if it were something tawdry and sordid, something to be ashamed of, but hiding it was like a silent agreement that there
The cat, who had been crouched unhappily in Steve's upturned shield, clearly woken by the noise, got to his feet and dashed through the door after him, body low to the ground.
"Stop this, Agatha!" Wanda was screaming. "You know this isn't you! He's controlling you, using you!"
The fact that the John Dee manuscript had been severely damaged in the course of saving the world was less significant to the museum than the fact that it had been severely damaged, period.  A very large donation to the museum might not be enough to avoid a potential lawsuit this time.  The Maria Stark Foundation’s lawyers were working on it, and so were SE’s lawyers, but Steve preferred not to push his luck.
"Five," Sharon cut in.  "I keep telling you; Doom wouldn't stoop to using a walk-in freezer."
Tony shook his head. That momentary grin was gone, but so was the tension that had been holding his shoulders rigid. "I'm at the disassembly stage now. There won't be any playing with guns for a while. Plus, it's part of Rhodey's armor. It would be like letting someone else play with your shield."
"So protective of these mortals. It doesn't become you, stepbrother. They live out their lives in the blink of an eye, weak and pitifully easy to deceive. What virtues do they possess that drives you to side with them against me?"
Sam, Wanda, and Barnes all looked uncomfortable; he was probably going to regret having this out in front of them later, but at the moment, Tony couldn't summon the extra energy to care.  "I'm sorry I scared you, but we don't have time for this right now.  Dealing with Doom is more important."
Then Steve let go of him and sprang back to his feet, holding a hand down for Tony to grab. "Come on, on your feet, Avenger. You should have seen that throw coming two moves ahead."
"Please tell me you didn't know about the ninety percent fatality rate when you shot yourself up with it."
"The Civil War re-enactor-style one? With the red lapels?" Rhodey snickered. "He's going to jingle when he walks. I hope he's already ordered the miniature copies of all his six hundred medals, because some of those aren't going to be available at the nearest base PX. Do they even make a miniature of the Croix de Guerre?"
"I'd try that, but Rhodey's still mad at me, too." The words emerged almost without conscious intent, and Tony could see both Clint and Hank twitch. It was true, though - he might otherwise have actually had a chance with Rhodey now that he was temporarily female, but not after forcing Rhodey to pick up his slack and clean up his messes for months until the stress practically drove him into a nervous breakdown, getting Morley and Clytemnestra killed, taking the Iron Man armor away from him, and otherwise treating him like dirt. The War Machine armor had made up for a lot, but hardly everything.
At least Barnes had gotten a taste of what was to come, even if she hadn't managed to kill Wilson or the Carter bitch.  Next time, she'd use a stronger poison.  Something messy, like strychnine.
Unless... Steve shoved the thought away. Sin couldn't have meant that bit about 'Daddy and I' literally. Red Skull was dead. He had to be dead.
"What?" Wanda was on her feet now, appalled shock naked on her face. "What do you mean, most likely kill him?"
“You and Disney Channel Tony.”
"Jan thinks so too," Steve said. "So yes, we did. She said he and Wong are in another dimension. It's got something to do with Dormammu, and weaknesses in the dimensional walls around Manhattan. Apparently, Chthon's toe-hold in the city is like a giant, inter-dimensional beacon to all kinds of nasty things straight out of HP Lovecraft's nightmares."
Redwing was more than just a pet, had always been.  Steve had never pried too hard into exactly how it worked, but Sam could see what Redwing saw, feel what he felt.  Feeling his bird die was something he might not have recovered from.
"I didn't want to," she went on, her face twisting. "He made me. I didn't want to hurt any of you."
Bucky was crouching over him, face tight, and Steve could almost feel his shoulder blade shifting and his tendons straining under his metal fingers.  “You’re going to break my shoulder, champ,” he managed.
"They don't make spare parts for quinjets." Somehow, the mournful note in Tony's voice carried through despite the voice modifier in his helmet. "Everything is going to have to be rebuilt or recast by hand."
The sound of hollow, clanking steps behind her warned Wanda just in time.  She turned, throwing a shield of chaos energy around herself, and a mailed fist grazed her cheek.  For an instant, there was no pain, only a dull feeling of impact, and then her face started to throb.
stupid, like run off and have sex with War Machine."
"Right," Jan said. "In that case, let's move on to the next item on the agenda. Hercules officially requests that he be moved from the injured list to reserve member status, citing family responsibilities on Olympus. All in favor?"
"I'd like to see you relearn how to do everything," Tony challenged, blocking Steve's right cross and throwing several quick jabs at him with his left hand. Tony's left-handedness was one of the things that always made fighting him a useful challenge in addition to fun, and that hadn't changed.
Pepper shook her head, clearly dismissing him as hopeless. "Go have dinner with your boyfriend."
Wanda's lips curved into a smile again. "I think Simon and I managed to stretch that out over at least four months." Then she winced, and Tony mentally kicked himself for bringing up Simon at all.
Steve had lain down on the couch, intending to just close his eyes for a few minutes and then get right back up again, claiming that he was too keyed up to sleep and might as well make himself useful.  They ought to have more than just one person on alert in case Doom picked these next few hours to make his move.
He had expected their relationship, romance, whatever you wanted to call it, would end eventually, either when he finally got his real body back, or when he once again found himself with no choice but to use methods that Steve disagreed with. He hadn't expected it to end like this.
"And how do you plan to obtain it without the proper spells? I know where the grimoire you seek is, mortal. Chaos is my element; no artifact infused with it can be hidden from me. And for only a small price, I will tell you where you may find it."
Steve managed not to drop his shield, despite his instinctive flinch at what looked like lightening crawling over his fingers. Another bullet clanged off it, slamming into the floor by his feet.
“What happened?  Are you all right?  Is Tony-“
The sound of voices in the hall pulled his attention away from his email.
"With two spoons," Jan called after him. "And bring your ice cream back here."
"Well," Tony said, after a long moment of silence. "Better me than you, then, I guess."
"I'm not really sure it's possible for me to come on to you more obviously than this, Steve, short of climbing into bed with you in the middle of the night, completely naked." Tony stripped the undershirt off and threw it to one side, leaving him in nothing but shorts and a black sports bra that didn't completely hide his scars. It was impossible, like this, to ignore the fact that his body was inarguably female, just as it had been the other night when he'd walked into the living room in that dress.
He glanced back at Steve and Barnes and frowned; the fresh gauze was already spotted with blood. Too much blood to come from a shallow cut no more than a handspan in length.
"I'll manage."
Jan smiled at him through the monitors, and even knowing that she'd probably orchestrated this whole thing to try and drag him out of his lab and make him 'do something fun,' Hank couldn't be annoyed with her. "He's got a point, honey. Come on. It'll be fun. I'm just going to go upstairs and watch the two of you get all sweaty."
Sam had his own eyes in the sky, and Hank had a tiny army crawling all over the outside of the building, but computers, birds, and ants weren't people. They missed things, sometimes dangerous, important things.
"There's always a loophole," Clint said, bitterly. "I hate demons."
"No one." Tony held up one gauntleted hand. "You remember what it's like. She had no choice in any of this, and we're not going to haul her up in front of all eight of us to make her listen to us pass judgment on her. Making her wait in the hall is bad enough." He turned to Steve, the motion making light glint off his polished faceplate. "Send somebody out there to tell her what our decision is."
Then a blast of energy shot through the air over their heads, coming so close to Carol that she could smell singed hair.  Not her own; it took more than an energy blast to set her hair on fire, even with her Binary powers long gone.
"But you're going to help us stop him, just out of the goodness of your heart?" Sam asked dryly. He'd shifted his weight onto the balls of his feet, knees slightly bent – ready to move if Loki tried anything.
Hank cleared his throat. "I say yes, too. We need her where we can stop her, if something goes wrong."
Wong shook his head. "Not necessarily. When a spell backfires upon the caster, the effects can be severe. There may be internal damage. From the disordered magic."
Tony sighed. He still wasn't looking at Steve, wasn't even facing him. "You're not going to like it."
Jan rubbed the corner of the pillow between her fingers thoughtfully. That had worked better than she had expected. Not only was Hank on her side of the room now, it had somehow gotten him to relax. He still wasn't looking at her, but he was no longer holding himself as if braced for rejection, as if he expected at any moment for her to demand that he leave the room.
The band switched to a slightly more up-tempo song, and Luke nudged Jessica Jones.  "You want to dance?"
"I don't know how to begin," she said. "There aren't words for it."
Zola, slimy little Nazi scientist who sold his skills to the highest bidder that he was, would be an inadequate assistant. If he were forced to hire someone to fetch the spear for him, he would have to completely counteract the sorcerer supreme's protection spells, at which point Doom might as well just walk in and take the spear himself. Sin, with her painfully obvious belief that
"Where was she?"
Around them, the Mansion's lawn had erupted into chaos. Thor and the Wrecker were whaling away on one another with hammer and crowbar, while Sam was piling blow after barely-effective blow on Mr. Hyde while Redwing dive-bombed his head, avoiding the man's return blows with an easy grace that broadcast as loud as a neon sign that he, like Tony, Clint, and Wanda, had been trained by Steve. Hyde could take more punishment than any human without weapons or superstrength could dish out; Sam was going to need-
Tony knew that feeling intimately, had known it long before Registration had forced him to sell out. It was part of why he'd been willing to try and work with HUSAC and Superhuman Registration in the first place, why he'd gone along with Dickstein and Koening and Gyrich and all the others, and not just because Koening and Dickstein had used the things he'd done when the Extremis had been hacked to blackmail him.
"Just give him some cat treats and leave him alone" he said. "It works with Redwing."
"Not yet," Tony agreed, "but we can't afford to have her as an enemy right now, either."
"Ah. Captain America," Strange said. "I'm glad you could join us."
The cat started to make a low, growling sound of frustration, and thrashed violently in Clint's grasp; he hated being carried or held for more than about sixty-seconds at a time.
Avengers were supposed to be the good guys, and he had trusted them. Don wasn't the one who had been cloned, whose DNA had been experimented with and used to create monsters, but the betrayal was no less personal for that.
Tony could see Atlas swing into motion almost before it happened. His massive fist caught a completely unaware Hank directly in the ribcage, sending him sprawling.
Couldn't he have done that before? They could have been out of here hours ago if... no, Don reminded himself, not with no idea where they were and whether or not Doom was about to come charging in at any second.  Once Doom or Sin had realized that Hank could use his powers to slip free of his chains, they would have taken precautions to prevent it, probably involving some kind of energy bubble like the one Jan was imprisoned in.  When you only had one ace in the hole, it was better not to waste it.
Tony wasn't sure if that sounded friendly, or ominous. Friendly, he decided. But still interested in getting a good scoop, despite the fact that they had just handed him the news story of, if not the year, then at least the month. By the time the ink was dry on this one, he and Jameson would already be looking for the next story.
Cap  gave Tony a very sappy grin, and Peter's illusions about his team  leader's coolness were just being shattered all over the place tonight.   Well, except for the part where he'd apparently been having secret sex  with Tony for months without the
"You are looking at the spearhead of the federal government's new search for alternatives to fossil fuels. They were especially interested in the nuclear fusion project, though we're also going to push the refinements in solar technology we've made, because the public tends to get really twitchy when you use the words 'nuclear power' and 'green' in the same sentence."
Personally, Steve preferred the welding outfit over Tony's usual business attire. Right now, though, it left the scrapes on his bare arms very visible, and Steve could see the edge of a large bruise on his left shoulder, the injury only partly concealed by the sleeveless white cotton shirt.
under his hands was something it was going to take him a while to forget.
It was just wrong to see Jan like this. Jan was never the one who fell apart, except for that one time with Hank, and that had had an obvious reason they could do something about. Tony, too. Tony was all about control, even when he lost it -- maybe especially then. Carol had mentioned how screwed up he'd been while Cap was gone. Everyone had mentioned it. Clint hadn't been there for that, but he'd seen Tony out of control before, and it wasn't scary like this.
Steve crossed the room and held a hand out to Tony. "I'll walk you to your room."
"That would be completely unprofessional, Ms. Hogan," Tony told her.
Tony had taken the armor off, something he did as little as possible these days, and was wearing jeans and a burgundy sweater that had once fit him perfectly and now hung on him, hiding the curves of breasts and hips under shapeless wool. Steve wondered if it was intentional. Had Tony deliberately tried to make himself look vulnerable, non-confrontational, before coming in search of him?
"You got into a fistfight with a friend," Hank pointed out. "I created Ultron."
Rhodey knew and didn't mind, he reminded himself. Pepper didn't. Jarvis was happy for them. All the people who were important to them already knew. How much of the rest of the world's reactions really mattered, in light of that?
"I can only speak for myself, of course," Jan said, "but I'm thrilled that we've been able to resolve things in a way that's satisfactory to everyone."
Then it was gone, and Steve was blinking away a purple smear of afterimage.
The last time Tony had seen her, she had been hovering in mid-air, surrounded by the hectic red light of chaos magic. Now she looked... normal. For months he'd been inwardly dreading the necessity of having to deal with her one day, amnesia and supposedly vanished powers or not, and coming face to face with her now felt strangely anti-climatic. No potentially world-destroying showdown, no lives at risk, no need to make any impossible choices.
He shoved the worries aside with an effort, and spent the next ten minutes coaxing Redwing down off the roof of a neighboring building.
Wanda still couldn't explain exactly what she had done, either to Tony or Maya Hansen''s satisfaction, but some of the Extremis’s healing factor had come back, along with most of the rest of its functionality.
She stood, holding the phone away from her ear and pulling a wry face. "Loki cast some kind of lust spell and made Tony and Hank have sex," she said flatly, thrusting the phone in Steve's general direction. "As this week's chairperson, I am officially making it your problem and not mine."
"Strange is a much harder taskmaster than Agatha was, but I think I'm learning more from him." She smiled faintly. "He told me yesterday that I was adequate."
"You have no idea how silly I feel flying on a commercial airline," Carol said, as she snatched her final bag from the luggage carousel. She was wearing jeans and a tight black t-shirt, stuff that wouldn't be wrinkled or otherwise ruined by sitting on a plane for hours, and her long, blonde hair was pulled back in a ponytail.
she let you fuck her in return for not bringing her it to face justice? You either did or you didn't."
Had they been torturing him?  How many of the others did they have?
The Bugle had been a strong backer of McCain up until he'd selected Sarah Palin as his running mate. Then Jameson had run a page-long editorial on how shooting moose had nothing whatsoever to do with running a country and switched to supporting Obama, to pretty much universal shock and amazement.
Tony shucked the rest of the armor quickly, avoiding Steve's eyes. He had just bent down to unfasten the last buckle on his remaining boot when he suddenly swayed, planting a hand on floor to steady himself.
Sam looked torn between amusement and deep discomfort. "It was the, um, least I could do," he said.
Steve's eyes widened, and the last hint of arousal left his face and body. "Damn it. Why are they
Thor was a battle-tested Asgardian warrior, and therefore he did not flinch. "I have every right. Indeed, if it belongs to anyone, it ought to be Baldur's, not yours. You made certain he became intimately familiar with it."
"Thor is back," Clint blurted out.
She could come back later. It would give her a chance to shower, change clothes, relax for a while after hours of flying. She could sit around with Jan and rant about exes who thought they knew what was best for you and were distractingly sexy when they were angry. Jan had dated Tony once, so she ought to have experience in that department.
"You saved some of those people's lives," Steve said, equally quietly. Tony's shoulders were slumped; staring at his back, Steve could see the hard angles of his shoulder blades through the thin shirt.
Tony  was talking to the bartender, and only someone who knew him very well  would have been able to read the discomfort in the set of his shoulders,  and the way he kept looking away.  A tall, blonde woman in a very  low-cut dress was standing next to him, leaning towards him with one arm  resting on the bar, which was probably calculated to give someone  standing where Tony was a perfect view down the front of her dress.
it. Seeing him break down into a sobbing wreck, telling Steve's body things he would never have said to anyone living, including Steve himself. Desperately trying to justify everything he'd done.
"Why did you, then?" Clint shouldered her other bag and elaborated, "They don't even let you take toothpaste anymore."
An hour later, Steve was still trying to get the cat to come out from under the living room couch.
Tony sighed, and leaned back into Steve's touch; not much, but just enough for it to be perceptible and slightly disconcerting. "Maybe I was. I would do it again, though. Not in the same way, not with the same mistakes, but I would. It had to be done."
"Everybody out," Steve said, unslinging his shield. "That's our cue."
He hadn't intended to come here. He hadn't intended to be in New York at all, but the ravens had brought Thor word of a tall, black-haired woman who had appeared in a burst of light in midtown Manhattan. The ravens declined to speak to him the majority of the time, and their counsel was not to be trusted, but the possibility that Sif was in New York was not one he could afford to overlook.
Tony fought down the impulse to snap at her. It wasn't her fault that he and Steve were both national -international, to be honest - celebrities, or that J.J. Jameson was probably going to trumpet Captain America's wedding to a formerly male and infamously debauched businessman as a sign of the moral decay of America. Or maybe not. One could never tell with Jameson; sometimes he displayed surprising flashes of liberal open-mindedness when you least expected them. Well, in between railing against superheroes as dangerous criminals and threats to public safety and printing the most unflattering photos of Hilary Clinton he could find.
Tony glanced up at the billboard, then turned back to Steve. "Want me to go get it for you?"
"So, rather than making Chthon more powerful, you want us to make you more powerful instead?" Don asked. It was as much a rhetorical question as it was anything else – regaining the power stored in the spear would make Loki one of the strongest of the resurrected Asgardians, her powers a match for anything but the Odin force, and Thor preferred to avoid using that at almost all costs. Don didn't blame him; leading Valhalla was a crushing responsibility at times, he knew, but the powers Odin had wielded and passed on to his son were even more oppressive, and not simply because one's own near-death was required in order to master them fully.
The Gardens’ conservatory was a huge, glass and metal work of Victorian art, built back when public architecture had still been designed to be attractive.  It was warm and humid inside, full of everything from tangles of exotic tropical plants to neatly laid out water gardens.  On the other side of the glass walls, early snow was drifting down and just starting to stick.
"I know." Steve hesitated for a long moment, then, "Would you have told me? If Wanda hadn't made you?"
Agreeing to this had been a mistake.
did nothing.  Dr. Blake is a gift from my future queen."
"That wasn't my fault. We didn't know Live Wire had developed
"It would have been," Layton said tightly, clearly struggling for composure, "had they not had doubts about our stability and ability to complete the project."
"Tell Cap I still have more tests to run for Tony," he said, without turning around.
"It's," going to be okay, he wanted to say, because it wouldn't be fair if Jan and Tony didn't get better when Clint finally had some of his family back, but Clint had known since he was twelve that life was never fair, "bad. Sam left Redwing outside the window to spy on Cap because he's worried something might happen while he's in there alone." There were occasionally perks to having a feathered sidekick to spy for you -- Sam didn't have to sit around metaphorically biting his nails and wondering what was happening.
"We can all agree that Jan can do better than any of us - it's not like she hasn't told us so - but that's not what this conversation is about."
"That time Rhodey did what?" The surge of protective anger Steve felt probably had more to do with the fact that Tony was currently in a hospital bed than anything else, and finding Hank's temporary lab in order to punch Rhodey a few times wouldn't help anything. It might make him feel better, but it wouldn't help Tony or do anything to the AIM operatives who were really the people that Steve wanted to pound into oblivion.
"I wish to offer my aid against one of your enemies," she said, smiling faintly as if she thought that there were even the slightest chance of either Don or Thor believing her. "In return, I ask for your assistance in reclaiming what is mine."
"Let me check," Tony said, the words muffled by Steve's costume.  "The mansion's systems aren't totally down.  I might just need to reboot them."  His voice sounded distant and faintly dreamy, and this time Steve didn't think it was due to his injuries.  He hissed through his teeth, an exclamation of pain he wouldn't normally have let himself make, and muttered something that sounded like snippets of programming language.
Tony himself had been an even greater disaster as director, and she had been a decent second-in-command — better than he had deserved, really. Dum Dum Dugan even vouched for her these days, a significant departure from his previous low-level resentment of her for replacing Fury.
Clint tried to think of something comforting to say. "Well, at least we know this stuff isn't poisonous, or not very poisonous, anyway, because if it were, he and Jan would be dead."
The Mansion was full of high-tech training apparatus, but Steve had always found beating the daylights of out a traditional, low-tech heavy bag to be the most therapeutic way to spend an hour or so, when he couldn't get someone else to spar with him (Sam would never agree to do it any time Steve was visibly annoyed or upset about something. "It's supposed to be fun," he'd said, when Steve had asked him. "Not an excuse to find yourself a human punching bag.").
Tony shuddered. "Please don't say that." At least one or two of them
Doom lifted one hand, his gauntlet crackling with energy, and Steve raised his shield slightly, just in case.  Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Clint drawing back an arrow.
Either Tony had been desperate to get to New York as soon as possible, in order to spend as little time as possible as a woman, or Clint had been really, really desperate to get rid of them. Or both.
"No one has tried to kill either of us yet," Tony said, with that infuriatingly sexy little smirk; Steve wasn't fooling anyone, apparently. "Or attacked the museum. So I think we can consider it a success."
He hadn't, of course, beyond assuring Steve that 'Iron Man' still had his back. Once, he would have explained himself to Steve without hesitation, but Steve had the unhappy feeling that those days were over, possibly for good.
"It wouldn't hurt to-"
"Probably not," Steve agreed, "but it will take some of it off." He handed the towel to Tony, and watched as Tony proceeded to smear eye shadow and mascara around his eyes until he looked like a raccoon, or possibly one of the teenagers who hung out in the Village - one of the more interesting things about visiting Dr. Strange's sanctum sanctorum was always the people you saw on your way there.
Steve's fingers closed around his wrist, tugging his hand away from his face, and only then did Tony realize that he had been rubbing the bridge of his nose.
Wanda shook her head.  "Not there.  That's right in the middle of Hell's Kitchen.  He wouldn't risk trying to work magic that close to St. Margaret's."
"Oh, we knew that," Nick said. "She left three men alive at the third installation she attacked. I didn't call ya up here for an identification. I was hopin' ya might have some idea of what the hell it is she wants." He stabbed an unlit cigar at the picture, using it like a pointer. "That was taken four days ago, at a SHIELD R&D facility in Jersey. Everyone in the facility was killed. We kept it off the news, and the same for the one before that, but we're not goin' to be able to keep last night's attack quiet. Which comin' on top of getting a Helicarrier blown to hell and gone last spring, is going to have Washington on our necks. Again. We need answers, people."
“I had the power to do it,” she went on.  “For two minutes, I was a god.  I could have brought Vision back.”
"I don't care who it is," Tony was saying, dashing past him and through the already-opening elevator doors – the whole building did things like that for him, thanks to his new cyborg upgrades. "I want her out of my lobby."
Steve chose not to rise to the bait, resisting the impulse to ask what had been wrong with Rachel.
He didn't actually say "dying again," but Clint could fill in the blanks. "Cap's not hurt," he said, shaking his head. "Just-- Jan and Tony were there when all of it went down, and they were both affected. Jan... she's awake, but she's really messed up. Tony's in some kind of coma."
It was true, damn him.
He didn't know how much of it Steve remembered; more than he did, probably. There had been an explosion — or, no Wanda had been there, with children, and turned her face away from him — and one instant of pain, just long enough for him to think
ooOOoo
Steve took a deep breath, throttling back irritation. "I only ask because I'm worried about you."
Tony had managed to escape from Englehart, and was now talking to the owner of a major Manhattan development company. Beyond him, Wanda was walking slowly down the length of the exhibit hall, stopping to study each piece. Hank was deep in conversation with one of the museum curators, and kept gesturing at a display case of 16th century laboratory instruments. Jan, beside him, was watching with a proprietary little smile that Steve hoped he hadn't been wearing when he'd been admiring the fit of Tony's suit jacket earlier.
There was a long moment of silence as he and Tony stood there staring at each other. Things hadn't felt this awkward while they were fighting the robot. Steve had looked out his apartment window and seen Iron Man and the robot slugging it out atop the closer of the bridge's two suspension towers. Joining the fight hadn't even been a conscious decision.
He had assured Steve that the Extremis was harmless. He had looked into his eyes and promised him that he was through with trying to hurt himself, actively or passively. And now his own body was letting him down again, and it was his own damn fault.
Tony was barefoot, holding a pair of black, strappy shoes in one hand. He - she? - was wearing a slinky black dress that fell to just above the knee, its high collar covering his chest but leaving his entire back bare.
Oh.  Steve absorbed that for a moment.  For hours, he’d been sure that Tony had taken that blow on purpose, because it was the sort of thing that Tony would do.  Had done, in the past, more than once.   “She died as soon as Wanda drove Chthon out of her,” he said, and then, before Tony could start wallowing in misplaced guilt, “Wanda says she wouldn’t have survived his possession regardless.  She was a dead woman from the moment he took over her body.”
They both stood there for a moment, neither saying anything.  Carol looked as tired as he felt.  Her hair was a tangled and windblown mess, and her red sash seemed to have gone wherever her gloves had.
"You are the one who does not think.  You lack vision, even more so than Richards does.  I am a genius, a strategist, a master of both science and magic; naturally a second-rate scientist whose only accomplishments were accidents would fail to understand my plans."
The system's reaction-time to hits with Clint's arrows was lagging; the simulation reacted to the impacts a fraction slower than it should have, and the data display that should have broken down the exact angle of impact and degree of force the arrow had hit at simply read "error." Was there something wrong with the motion sensors? The pressure sensors monitoring the impact? The coding? The interface between the sensors and the computer? Hank made a mental note to mention it to Tony. Let him be the one to go over all the code line by line; it was probably his error anyway.
"And you are?" the Night Nurse asked coolly, raising an eyebrow at Wanda. She was in her late thirties, dark-haired and attractive in a severe-featured way, and the whimsical old fashioned nurse's uniform sat oddly on her, like a well-made Halloween costume. Wanda suspected that she would have looked more at home in surgical scrubs.
"In a moment. Let me get something to eat, first."
Tony had done all of his fighting in the armor before that point, and he had repeatedly left himself wide open, more so than his relative lack of experience in hand-to-hand combat could have accounted for; he'd been so used to depending on the armor's ability to absorb damage that he often hadn't bothered to dodge or block Steve's blows.
Jan was mildly impressed at his self-control; if she had been in his position, if it had been Hank's death and return Byrne was so unsubtly implying to be a set-up, she wasn't sure she wouldn't have hit him. "I can assure you, it wasn't something we could have possibly planned for. You can tell your paper that we won't be giving any more interviews if Registration or what happened to Steve is all you're interested in discussing. We've said all we have to say on those subjects, and I'm sure people are tired of hearing about them."
"I was just pointing it out," Hank said.  "As a last resort.  I think Don's going into shock, and Doom-"
"I don't mean that kind of experience. You, me, hell, even Vance, we've all screwed up. We know having powers is a dangerous responsibility that you can't take for granted, but we also know making a mistake isn't the end of the world."
"We have agents looking for property in the city owned by Doom or by Latverian companies," Sharon said, "but they've been at it for weeks already and haven't found anything that Doom could use for holding prisoners."
done a good job. And Hank tended to only believe things like that if someone else said them. That was, when he wasn't being over-confident.
"Nothing happened." Steve said it very gently, but the expression on his face was raw. "You didn't do anything."
That sounded ominous. "So there is something wrong with him?"
"He tried to recruit Maya to investigate using Extremis to create super soldiers. Since it has a ninety percent fatality rate and has caused insanity in fifty percent of surviving test subjects, I made her tell him no." Actually, he'd begged her. It had been during those dark, empty weeks when Steve had been gone, and Kooning had wanted to use an Extremis-enhanced super soldier to replace him.
And it had better be a damn good explanation.
He looked, well, not good exactly, but definitely better than he had the last time she'd seen him, when the jail and trial mess had still been going on. More like himself. He'd clearly shaved recently, washed his hair, wasn't wearing wrinkled, days-old clothing, and he was standing up straight, despite not meeting anyone's eyes.
Thor, the only one of them already armed and in costume, caressed Mjolnir's handle absently. "Who doth she plan to use as a vessel for Chthon?"
He crawled the last few feet, gritting his teeth against the pain, and then his fingers were around Mjolnir's haft.
Her eyes narrowed.  "And he can teleport here as easily as the mansion," she said, voice sharp in a way Tony hadn't heard since she'd come back.
"This isn't something to joke about, Tony."
more interesting.
After he made sure the cat wasn't off somewhere chewing through an electrical cord.
Clint, Bobbi, Wanda, and Tigra looked unscathed, though Bobbi's costume was missing a sleeve, the trailing fabric torn away. Hank wasn't surprised; as long and full as her sleeves were, they were bound to get caught on things.
His attacker collapsed to the floor, clutching with both hands at his shoulder, his face twisted in pain.  There was blood everywhere, bright red, and the sound of semi-automatic weapons fire was deafening.
The last time she'd stayed at the mansion, Vision had been there, too. And Scott Lang. And Clint, and Jen, and... The last time she'd been there, the Avengers had still been a team, a family, and Chthon had used her to shatter them.
Steve grinned.  "You're just jealous that you're too tall for me to slide you between my legs and flip you over my shoulders."
Damn, damn, damn, where was Thor?  They had to take both Doom
He was not impressed. "I doubt that," he said. "You've never been able to defeat Thor, and the only god you ever slew, you killed by trickery. You need my help as much as I need yours, or you would not be here." Now that she was here, however, her presence opened up intriguing new avenues of possibility.
She looked at him with raised eyebrows. "Don't tell me," she said. "You're a relative, too."
Good intentions and a common enemy had gone a little way toward repairing the shattered remnants of their team before, but that had been as much luck as anything else, Steve granting forgiveness to Tony almost completely unearned, and the rest of the superhero community grudgingly following his lead. Even now, the breach still hadn't completely healed, something Thor's pointed absence from today's visit made all too obvious. Tony had come, so of course, Thor hadn't.
"Leave me be," Thor ordered. "You will find no willing ear here for your lies." He turned his back to the windows, knowing it would infuriate her, and went to the fireplace to kick ashes over the coals of the fire. He would leave this room and go elsewhere, some place deeper inside the tower, with no windows.
"They were probably just too polite to say anything," Tony told him, smirking. He put one hand on the small of Steve's back, steering him toward the banner that proclaimed
"It's a baby, not an alien," Steve said, his thumbs making slow circles on Tony's shoulders. If they both calmed down, they would be able to think this through, to figure out what they ought to do.
"That's because you don't notice any women other than-" Tony broke off with an abruptness that let Steve know that Jan was right behind them. "Can we go inside and get this over with? I swear I really am fine. Hank checked me out back in California."
"I..." he started, then hesitated. "I can go back to LA if, um, if you really want me to," he blurted out, after the pause had grown just long enough to feel unnatural.
Tony glanced away, fiddling with a fold of the sheet. "I know. I'm trying." He looked up again, seductive smirk back in place, and leaned down, putting one deceptively delicate hand on Steve's shoulder. "Let's talk later," he said directly into Steve's ear, his voice low and husky; Tony knew perfectly well what it did to Steve when he sounded like that, and took shameless advantage of it. Tony's tongue ran along the edge of Steve's ear, warm and wet. "I can think of better things to do now," he whispered, breath cool against the wet patch of skin he'd made. The he pulled back, eyes once again dropping to Steve's crotch and the evidence of what exactly that particular tone of voice was accomplishing.
He had never even imagined what he had with Tony, had thought, in his very darkest moments, that their friendship had been replaced by contempt and betrayal, but now he couldn't imagine not having it. The fact that Tony could now spar with him without being half-paralyzed by his own guilt over what had happened meant, hopefully, that Tony was now able to put everything behind him as well. Which meant that they could both move on.
"So make everyone else uncomfortable, too. Go on the offensive. You can insert your own sports-related analogy here."
"Well, yes, but..." that made logical sense, but it didn't feel right. Half a moment later, she belatedly realized why, and the hair on her arms stood up. "No one would have expected you to go back, Clint. If it were me, I don't think I could have. Not if I thought it might happen again." Facing another version of Marcus during Kang's invasion of Earth a few years ago had been hard enough — her skin had crawled every time he'd tried to touch her. Going back to limbo with him would have been an impossibility.
"He'll be back tomorrow, anyway," Hank went on. And thank God for it. If Hank had privately thought that Steve sulked like a twelve-year-old any time Tony was gone
"I've worked on things for longer," Hank volunteered.
"You can't go back out there." Byrne grabbed Jan's wrist, interfering in her attempts to get the little girl to let go. "It's not safe out there!"
He hadn't brought an ant colony or any other insects in to the West Coast labs. He hadn't wanted to let himself get too at home there. It didn't seem like a good idea to let himself get too at home anywhere.
Strange, seated across from her and cradling a cup of tea in both gloved hands, looked nearly as worn out as she felt, the bones of his face standing out harshly; crafting seals strong enough to stand against a being as powerful as Chthon was a massive magical work, and even the Sorcerer Supreme apparently could not do it easily. Before he had set the seal on her, he had seemed magnetically appealing, attractive in a way she'd never seen before – even Vision and Simon couldn't have compared to the power Chthon's essence had sensed in him, and the trace of Chthon's taint in Wanda had been drawn to it, had wanted to pour itself into him, possess him as it had her.
"The museum people are going to kill us if Doom damages that book," Sam said.  As attempt to lighten the tone of conversation went, it wasn't bad, but Steve found that he didn't particularly care about angry museum trustees and potential lawsuits at the moment.
He'd been willing forgive Wanda for her reaction to everything that had happened to her, to her own loss of control. Why was Tony different? Was he holding Tony to too high a standard? Wanda to too low a one?
Steve hadn't slept in over twenty-four hours, some of his teammates were pushing forty-eight hours without sleep, and the six of them had to give a press conference less than four hours from now, wherein they would have to explain how they'd managed to thwart Kang's latest attempt to take over the world, and why doing so had involved blowing up Madison Square Garden.
Wanda was shaking her head, eyes still on the book. "Not hear," she corrected Sam, the words quiet. "Feel. Everything else in here is just art, or old scientific instruments. This book has real magic in it." She shivered visibly and rubbed at her arms, and for a moment, Steve thought he saw glints of reddish light play over the tattoos on her hands and the back of her neck. "Chaos magic. Dark magic. Chaos can be a joyful and creative force, but whatever's in this book is destructive, malevolent. Like he is. It's..." she looked back at the book again, hesitating, then looked away, "it wants to be used. I can feel it waiting."
"I see you've decided not to be reasonable," Loki said coolly. "I had hoped we might discuss this as friends, as befits kinsmen, but since you insist upon spurning my offers of peace..." She shook her head, her expression a parody of regret. "I know where Sif is. Give me the spear, and when I have it safely in my grasp, I will tell you of her location. Persist in this foolish stubbornness, and I shall see to it that you never lay eyes on her again."
ooOOoo
Hank's grin got even wider. "You actually understand what I'm talking about? I wasn't sure you would. It's a mild prescription painkiller and sedative," he added, "it's a prescribed for a lot of things."
"I guess that would take priority over me," Tony admitted. It was, he had learned over the years, better not to ask too many questions about the kinds of things Strange did or fought. It only made his head hurt.
There was a hint of jerkiness in Tony's movements as he resumed his feet, a tenseness through his shoulders; despite Steve's hopes, he didn't look any more relaxed than he had when he'd returned from SI's offices. Steve hadn't asked, but he assumed today's board meeting had gone badly.
Even gentle as it was, the touch on his bruised back still hurt.  Clint didn’t particularly care.
Chthon.
His vessel strode down the long center aisle of the church, the votive candles the mortals had lit to their virgin goddess extinguishing as she passed them.  She had entered through stealth, but would not need it in order to leave.  He was Chthon, and no mortal could stop him.
Steve shook his head, smiling, and sat down on the mat beside Tony. "Would it help if I brought you coffee?" he asked.
Bone was good, Steve reminded himself.  It meant the spear might have glanced off a rib rather than shredding internal organs.  If the spear hadn’t just sliced through his ribs like a meat cleaver.  It had scratched his shield, punched through the armor like it was paper.
Jan looked up, for the first time really taking in the dark electronic billboards, several of them still emitting noxious smoke; the shattered remains of a building scaffold; the glass, plaster, and brick dust covering the sidewalk.  Most of New York was just going to be disappointed they wouldn’t get to see Sin’s head on a pike.
He wasn’t sure how long he sat there, absently rubbing his thumb back and forth over the back of Tony’s hand, before he felt Tony’s fingers twitch slightly.
"He hates you almost as much as he hates Reed." Steve's fingers were rubbing lazy circles on Tony's upper arm, and Tony could feel the heat of his body radiating through their clothes. "What did you do to him, anyway?"
Loki swung around to look at him, putting her back toward Don. "Bold words, from a mortal with no powers to his name. My business is with Thor, not you."
"That's not the point!" Steve snapped. "You-" he broke off, maybe at the look on Tony's face; he had flinched this time.
Tony's face might be hidden under an expressionless metal helmet, but Steve's mask did nothing hide his open mortification. Jan didn't even have to ask if it what Tony had just implied was true - Steve's face told her.
"Prosecuting him for his crimes would cause an international diplomatic incident with Latveria," Steve said. His arm was a warm weight over Tony's shoulders, and after a brief internal debate, Tony had given in and let himself rest his head on Steve's shoulder and enjoy it. What use was being a woman if he couldn't use it as an excuse to cuddle with Steve in semi-public? "Latveria and its allies would see it as a declaration of war," Steve went on. From his tone of voice, he didn't actually find the idea of a UN peacekeeping force invading Latveria an unpleasant one.
"About time, big guy!" Carol called.  She was struggling to keep Loki in an arm lock, and sporting several long, shallow slices on her arms and thighs.  Loki's dagger must be enchanted somehow.
“We got him too, for now.  He’ll probably be out of the Helicarrier’s brig by tomorrow, but at least he’s out of our hair for the moment.”
"And of course, it's been major news that the two of you, along with several other formerly registered heroes, have reformed an Avengers team with Captain America." Byrne raised his eyebrows, electronic pen poised over the PDA he had produced from a coat pocket. "That must have been interesting to negotiate."
Steve shifted to put himself sideways on the couch, his back against the armrest and his head and neck out of claw-reach. Designed to accommodate Thor if necessary, the couch was long enough that even with Tony sitting on the other end, he could stretch his legs out to their full length. He rested one foot against Tony's thigh and drew the other leg up to balance his sketchpad on his knee. "Is this what's had you pulling all-nighters?"
Tony would know.
hadn't been able to. It had taken hitting rock bottom and the realization that maybe he didn't actually want to die after all, that he could do more good for other people if he lived, to do it. And even then, it had been a long time before he'd felt like anything approaching himself again. In some ways, he never really had. "You really don't," he finally said, after the silence started to become uncomfortable. "Especially since I slept with Jan while you were in jail."
"We'll apologize to them as nicely as we can," he said.  "I think I'll go call Bucky.  Maybe they've made some progress on tracking down Doom's headquarters."  He'd vanished from the Latverian embassy the previous evening, several hours before his attack on the mansion, and the Avengers, SHIELD, and the NYPD had all been met with polite shrugs and an obviously rehearsed statement that Latveria's beloved leader had left to return to Doomstadt, and that they had no idea of his current whereabouts.
"Well, no, but-"
The cat made an irritated snorting sound and dug his claws into Clint's shoulder blade, hind feet shoving at Clint's chest. His tail thwacked repeatedly against Clint's side, telegraphing annoyance.
Grant adjusted her glasses and consulted the sheaf of papers on the table before her, the gesture almost certainly for show. "The reports from the scientific division on the green energy project are promising. If we allocate more resources to the project and foreground it, the media buzz should be positive, as should the investor reactions. Alternatives to fossil fuels aren't as much of a concern right now as they were this time last year, but there's still a lot of interest."
“I know flowers aren’t your thing, though,” Tony was continuing.  “I’ll take you on a real date eventually.”
Steve frowned. "I can't believe he's still pushing to keep the government-created superhero project. You'd think at this point he have given up on it."
"Go long," he shouted, and then it was arcing toward Wong, who caught it easily in one hand.
Steve shifted the cat to one arm, and reached back to rub at his neck with his free hand. "I'll try calling Linda again," he said awkwardly. "Maybe Strange is back now." He turned to go, and Wanda reached for his arm.
"It's not a baby yet," Tony said, shaking his head again. "It's only been a month. There's still time to fix things."
"Look, I promise I'm not drunk or something. Get me Hank,
"Plain water's not going to get all of this off," Tony said. "Jan doesn't use cheap make-up."
Her eyes were the worst; blank, glowing white in a face empty of expression.
Tony nodded wearily. “I know, man. It just hit me.” He took a deep breath. “But I’m okay.” Rhodey’s gaze was skeptical. “Seriously.”
Tony cackled, almost choking on his own tongue. “Captain Sassy McSassypants is back in the building!” He tugged Steve back down again. “Go away,” he mumbled against the press of Steve’s lips.
And he fled.
Sam slid to the floor next to him, anger forgotten. “Steve! Take a breath, man. Deep breaths.” He put his hand between Steve’s shoulder blades, a grounding touch that had its desired effect on Steve almost immediately.
“Then I don’t think we should risk it,” Clint stated. “Isn’t there some other way?”
“Just a minute,” Coulson held up a hand. “Are you saying that…?”
“No.” Tony shook his head. “That was the right thing to do. You were never meant to live this life.”
“The Three Musketeers ride again!” Tony declared.
“If I come back with you…” He held up his hand when Tony made a move towards him. “
Tony held out his hand. “I can’t promise anything, Steve. I can only promise that I will try.”
Tony’s gaze went unfocused. “Hmmm.” He felt his mouth curving in a smile. “Getting freaky with Steve and Bucky.” He looked at Pepper, heart suddenly racing.  “Pep, I have
“You are right,” Loki inclined his head. “I cannot hold my child accountable for the sins of the mother.” Tony could actually feel the tension in the room drop. He hadn’t realized it had gone up.
Steve nodded, his mouth barely quirking which told Tony that he was being a sarcastic asshole. “Yes, Tony, I Google too.”
“Move it,” he said into the comms. He knew they’d obey.
“Call who?” Steve liked to pretend he wasn’t completely see-through.
“Take it easy.” Steve held onto Bucky like he was afraid he was going to slip through his fingers. “I’ve got you, Bucky.” The throb of joyful fear in his voice made Tony feel ill.
“Angina is a warning sign for an actual heart attack, Tony.” Bruce sat in the chair next to the hospital bed. “The doctor seems to think it is stress related.”
Rhodey went to the door and opened it. “Agent Romanoff, please can you come in?” There was a hum of sound. “No. Only her.” His voice was icy enough to give Tony shivers.
Bucky chuckled again. “I know you didn’t mean it that way,” he assured him. “Things sure have changed since our time.”
Steve was practically walking on top of them. “What are you talking about?” he demanded. “You need to share what you know.”
Steve could hardly remember his own name; let alone what he’d been going to say. “Think we’re maybe rushing things?” He finally managed to get the thought out.
“When last did you check in with Heimdall or the Collector?” Steve asked.
“Shut it, you two,” Steve dropped back to glare at them.
” Tony could swear he could hear the smile in Jörmungandr’s voice.
Tony waved a hand. “Doesn’t matter. Stopped it.” He hoped.
Tony moved a little closer. “You have no idea just how special I am,” he murmured against Bucky’s lips. It was their first kiss. Bucky was so careful, so tender. Unexpectedly so.
“The Reality Stone,” Thor said. “The Aether that almost tore my Jane apart and destroyed half of London. That has been taken to Knowwhere and the Collector Taneleer Tivan keeps it safe.”
Dean dropped a hand on this shoulder. “We’ve got this, Sammy.”
Rhodes stood. “Call of Duty sounds about right up my alley at the moment.” He pointed a finger at Tony. “Use your words, Stank.”
“The Collector is the one who has the Reality Stone. He will not relinquish it willingly.” Wanda lifted her gaze. “Do you have a spaceship?” She sounded curious.
“That doesn’t sound so bad,” Natasha said. Tony didn’t dare look at her.
Coulson stood. “Perhaps we should take this back to Avengers Tower,” he suggested. “I think we have presumed on Director Fury long enough.”
“You’re gonna need a jacket,” Bucky told him.
Did he?
” Skurge sounded a little defensive. “
Skurge and Jörmungandr both stared at him. “
“Mean what?” Steve frowned, trying to remember the things that he’d said the past couple of days. He couldn’t remember ever having talked so much in his entire life.
The unfamiliar burn in his ass let him know that he’d been thoroughly fucked. He scowled towards where Bucky lay curled up next to Steve.
Steve swallowed hard. “Yeah.” He cleared his suddenly raw throat. “It sucks.”
“Tony.” There was that long-suffering way of saying his name again. Steve had mastered it.
“Doctor Richards,” he nodded. “Professor Xavier, Mr. Stark,” he tipped his head to them but didn’t offer his hand. Still the same asshole then, Tony thought. “Thank you for taking this meeting.”
Steve shook his head. “This is going to be a disaster,” he muttered, grabbing Tony’s hand and towing him after him as he headed to the dining room. Tony made sure to snag Rhodey as well.
“You’re mean.” Tony glared at her. “Rhodey still not putting out?”
“Hmm,” Tony mused as he deliberately slurped his coffee extra loudly. He ignored the disgusted twist on Pepper’s face. He was goddamn adorable, dammit. “I wonder why?”
“Why is it that whenever we’re in that not-so-capable hands of the friendly neighborhood S.H.I.E.L.D. operation that the shit hits the fan?” Tony wasn’t expecting an answer.
“I'll feel better if you're there with me,” Bucky confessed.
“What?” Steve stumbled a little, as he pulled back.
The tablet wouldn’t turn on.
“So, how does us going back home fit into your mission?” Natasha asked.
Steve frowned, obviously working something out in his head. “According to Biblical canon, Lucifer was a son of God.”
Bucky sat on the arm of the sofa staring at him. “I thought you said an empty stomach meant a full mind?” he asked.
“I told him I wouldn’t do it.” Loki looked down at his hands. “So he ordered his wife to take my seed from me.”
“We’re not done with this conversation,” Natasha said. Why did everything she say sound like a death threat, Tony wondered.
“I have no idea,” Vision said. “But Steve is apparently about to withdraw sexual congress from Tony.”
The only sound in the room was heavy breathing and gasping. Tony didn’t know who was making the whimpering noises but he had a feeling it was him.
“Are you malfunctioning?” Tony demanded. “I think you need to reboot your servers.” His hands were shaking.
“I’m still not clear on why you broke it off with her.” Steve was watching him too closely, too carefully.
“Yes.” Tony put his hand over hers. It was like touching electricity. “A thousand times yes.”
down. They didn’t give you the chance to explain why you took a stand for the Accords.”
Sam slid out of the nook after Dean. “We’re going to get out of here too,” he said, putting a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “I guess our work here is done. Anyway, we have some unfinished business with a Lady.” He didn’t sound as though he thought much of the ‘lady’.
Tony rubbed at his eyes. “To be perfectly honest, I’m remembering less and less which isn’t a bad thing. Uatu told me it would happen as I changed the future that I already lived. However, certain milestones are still pretty clear in my head.”
Bucky turned his head, met Tony’s gaze. “He hurt you.”
Tony watched Ross’ eyes moving from side to side, searching out an avenue of escape. “The way I see it, you have two choices,” he told Ross.
Natasha nodded in reply. “I called Bruce,” she said. “He was going to let the boys know. And check on the status of the hold that Set had on some of the folks they removed from the President’s service.”
“Any time,” Tony assured him, clasping his shoulder. “Whatever you need.”
“Don’t wear anything you like,” Natasha advised from her menacing lean against his bedroom doorway.
Tony stared down at the ancient text. “Where did they come up with this shit?” He scowled. “I doubt it could be any more pompous if it had been written by the Pope.”
While Rhodey babbling in terror was something that Tony normally found hilarious, this particular situation wasn’t funny at all. “What he said.” Tony nodded, backing away slowly as Rhodey cowered behind him. “Just a joke.”
“I thought Dean was high maintenance,” Sam said. “He’s easy like Sunday morning compared to Tony.”
Steve put his beer down. “Talking?” he suggested. “Catching up on everything that happened while we were all so fucked up?”
Steve followed Bucky, his hands at Bucky’s hips. “Don’t look down,” he told him. “I’ll guide you.”
entering actual Hell.” He looked at Steve. “C’mon Cap, rally the troops.”
“Yes, sir.” She sounded subdued. “Your vitals are not stable, Mr. Stark.”
“So we know that two out of six stones are still safe,” Steve said. “Anyone had any leads on that Soul Stone that Thor talked about?”
Yggdrasil agreed.
Steve banged his head on the kitchen table several times. He was going to go crazy before Tony came home. Natasha patted his hair. “There, there, dear.” Her sarcastic croon had Steve grinning. “Everything is alright.”
Steve wanted to shake him. He put a hand against the nearest wall. “Sorry, sweetheart, they're just jealous that you love me best,” he whispered.
“We’ll handle this,” Steve said. “Like the Chitauri, like Ulton.”
“Dicks,” Loki mused. “That is a shortened form of the Midgardian name Richard, am I correct?”
“Your world has a day at most, Thor,” Bruce reminded him.
interested. It’s just I don’t want to hurt Steve.” He watched as Bucky’s expression changed, grew considering.
“Told ya,” Clint said with a grin.
“Bucky has shit in his blood that would protect him from outside crap,” Tony told her. “Bruce took an extremely calculated risk.” He grinned to himself. “Way to go, Brucie.”
“Yesterday, before he left, T’Challa asked me something that made me think.” Steve leaned forward, elbows on his knees. “Do you trust Tony?”
“Tony,” Rhodey said. “The last time we left Tony and Bruce alone together we got an Ultron.”
“Do. Not. Touch.” Steve repeated. Tony watched as Bucky unbuttoned Steve’s jeans, taking his time now as he slowly slid the zipper down.
“It was,” Rhodey agreed. “Especially when the Other Guy showed up for the second set of vows.”
“I’m wonderful,” Tony corrected.
Steve told Bucky about waking up and seeing Peggy and Duggan still alive. Bucky had put a hand on Steve’s arm when he talked about Peggy not remembering things anymore. About their first mission together as the Avengers. Telling Bucky about Thor had raised his eyebrows.
It was Rhodey’s turn to straighten and Tony barely repressed a snigger of his own. He wasn’t a
Because Rhodey had known him forever and could read him like a book, the asshole hooted a laugh. “You are thoroughly fucked, my friend.” He dropped a hand on Tony's shoulder in sympathy. “Good luck with your shit.”
Steve slumped to his butt on the ground, leaning back against the sofa. “I’m sorry,” he said.
“He built the facility for us, but he didn’t stay there.” Sam asked the question that Steve wanted answered.
that Thanos had it,” Rhodey corrected. Tony loved his bestie with all of his heart, but his visible animosity wasn’t making things any easier.
“I love you like a brother, man,” Tony said and then stopped, eyes flicking between Thor and Loki. “I love you like a brother from
Fury assembles the Avengers. Bucky gives Tony insight. The Winchesters have a plan.
“At least someone recognizes my power,” Crowley muttered, swerving to avoid the pleading hands of the tormented. “Stop that,” he said, smacking grasping fingers. “I’ve just had this coat dry-cleaned.”
“Fiji.” The one word surprised them all. Natasha sounded very sure.
Bucky leaned down and twisted the lobe of Tony’s ear in his fingers. “Ow!” Tony yanked away, too amazed to even swear at Bucky.
All of them turned to look at Sam. “Uh.”
Rhodes lifted his gaze to Steve’s. “No, he hasn’t. He’s with Tony.”
And just like that, Tony gathered the shredded pieces of his heart together, and shut everything out. Steve could practically see the walls slam down. It was more than a little chilling.
Tony took his position in front of the General Assembly. He was tempted to make a quip, say something Tony-esque, but this was too important to trivialize.
Pepper pulled away, tugging at her hair and clothes. “We hitched a ride,” she said with a warning glare at Rhodey.
Steve wanted to weep for his friend. “But you don’t have to do that anymore,” he said.
of the treats for adulting today.
” Jörmungandr nodded to himself. “
“You and me both, Stark,” Bucky muttered, putting him down onto the toilet seat and propping him between the wall and the bog roll. “Stay,” he ordered.
“I’m assuming that I’m in the hospital. Probably at SHIELD because this doesn’t look like Avengers Tower,” Tony said.
“Tony
“Let us take responsibility for our actions at least.” Clint stood at Sam’s shoulder. “We followed you because we believed that the Accords as they are were not a working solution.”
Tony wondered who he’d pleased in a previous life. Here he was on a bed with two of the most glorious men in the entire world, and they were his for the taking.
“For the last time, Wilson, it wasn’t your fault.” Rhodes walked over to Sam and clasped his shoulder. “We all fought each other. And honestly, life is too fucking short to hold a grudge.” That last statement was said as he looked around the room.
Steve looked up at Tony. He was watching them, a look of such pure love on his face that it made Steve want to kiss him until he passed out.
confront Bruce with that later.
Rhodes stared at him for a moment more and then closed his eyes. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. patch me through to Tony’s mobile please.”
He obeyed F.R.I.D.A.Y.’s instructions, following the wall until he saw the gleam of a light. He turned into the kitchen, relishing for a moment the sight of Bruce Banner hunched over a cup of tea, hair messy and sleepy-eyed. “Good morning,” he greeted.
Pepper smacked his head. “Be sure brain is engaged before putting mouth into gear,” she intoned as though she was the Dalai Lama. “You planning on answering the man?” Her smile was pure evil. Tony worshipped her.
“Oh my god,” Tony groaned into his hands. “I could have lived a thousand lifetimes without knowing that.”
Both of them.
“But the President...” Rhodey sounded anguished.
Tony turned so that his laughter was muffled against Rhodey’s neck. “Oh my god, that was fucking hilarious.”
“I sent Vision to call them,” Clint said, putting a huge bowl of salad on the coffee table in front of them.
to be like that. But as at this precise moment in time...they were not...like that.
“I don’t think that word means what you think it means.” Tony snuggled in. “Now, tell me just how humiliated I should be feeling right now.”
“Love you,” Bucky whispered against his mouth.
“Tell us then, Mr. Stark,” King T’Challa said. “Enlighten us.” His tone was almost a dare. Tony held back his smile. He’d given the king the questions, told him to trust his own judgment. They needed to guide this conversation in the direction that Tony wanted it to go.
“It’s a spell,” Sam said. “It will strengthen the Cage so that nothing can get or out for at least the next thousand years.”
Tony flinched. The annoying thing was that Jim was right. “How about this then? If I stay, then you stay?” He lifted his chin in challenge.
“A cowardly act,” Natasha noted.
“You’ve never had a cat, Tony,” Pepper said, reaching out to touch his forehead. “What happened, Captain?”
“Thanks, Cap.” Tony frowned. “I usually make sure that I get the best, what with all my money and shit.”
Tony closed his eyes once he heard the Quinjet leave. Finally.
Steve’s mouth dropped open. And then he closed it again. He hadn’t even realized…
Fury is threatening to shut down the Avengers Initiative if I don’t stop fucking Steve and Buck.”
Tony looked over to Steve and Bucky. They were watching him intently. It was a little unnerving. He wanted to go to them, to burrow into the heat of Steve’s body, but this was all still new and he wasn’t sure of his boundaries.
will we know?” Everyone knew what he was talking about.
“And that means?” T’Challa caught the thread easily, throwing Tony the opening he needed.
Tony made the universal sign for self-pleasure. “And masturbation wasn’t an option?” he asked.
The only sound was the jet engines taking them to where Tony was being treated.
“Dr. Banner is with Mr. Stark. Vision and Miss Maximoff went out with Colonel Rhodes to ‘forage for food’, I believe the phrase was.”
But then Vision nodded. “I am eager to experience the differences between Asgard and Midgard, Thor Odinson,” he said. “You are sure it will not inconvenience your family?”
Steve choked on a piece of bacon he laughed so hard.
“And surprising exactly nobody, the Avengers get their hands on it,” Tony muttered.
“So where did Heimdall put us?” Natasha asked looking around, apparently over her snit. Tony’s extremities were grateful.
had the ability to help.”
“I cheated,” Rhodey said.
Tony finally let her pull away. “Are we okay?” he asked carefully.
“Something like that.” Bucky frowned. “But all it did was knock me unconscious for a couple seconds. I don’t understand why they bothered.”
Bucky grinned at him. “We ate hours ago. It’s only your lazy ass that stayed in bed past ten.”
~o0o~
“Ass front and center, Cap,” Tony ordered. “Not fair that he’s kissed you and I haven’t.” He didn’t like the awkward expression on Steve’s face. That should never be an expression on Steve's face.
He wasn't going to touch the king comment. Bucky stood at his side, ready to protect his wing just as he'd always been.
Tony didn't dare look over at Steve. He was sure Captain Red White and Blue had the same sick expression on his face that Tony had. “You
Bucky’s startled gaze flew to his. “What the fuck?” He turned to face Steve. “Are you
“It sounds like J.A.R.V.I.S.” Steve looked at Tony. “Do you really think it’s him?”
“I’m putting a bell on you,” he threatened.
“Annoying,” Steve finished. He ignored the blatantly fake pout. “When do we leave?”
Steve brushed an imaginary hair off Tony's forehead. “I like him talking,” he said. “It means he's alive and okay.”
Steve and Tony are still at detente. But someone familiar arrives to shake things up and maybe make them all realise that they're not as broken as they think they are.
“Gee, when you say it like that, Buck, how could I possibly refuse?” Steve grinned a little, feeling less like an intruder.
call you though.”
Tony held up a hand. “Please, allow me to explain myself and then you are all more that welcome to ask me questions.” He paused, waiting for the noise to die down. Eventually the President called them to order.
The sense of desperate relief and gratitude that washed through him almost knocked him over. “I gave my word,” Tony said. Of course, he didn’t say to whom he’d given it.
Strange shook his head. “The world tree is sentient.” He dropped to his haunches and placed his hand on the floor. “We wish no harm,” he murmured. He closed his eyes and took several deep breaths.
“You insult my brother as though he is some sort of peasant?” Loki appeared venomous.
Steve was sure he was the color of an overripe tomato. He didn’t dare look at Tony. No need to worry about anyone hurting his best friend. He was going to murder Bucky himself.
“When I’m dead, you can call the morgue,” Tony said, flinching as the shower water starting turning to tiny, evil, freezing cold stabby things.
“Tony.” His name in Xavier’s mellifluous voice was a command. “There is always another way.”
“Not to play devil’s advocate here, Thor, but how much do you really know about him?” Bruce asked. “I mean, do you
“Either,” Steve said. And stopped. “Both.”
Dean leaned back in his seat. “So you know who we are and what we’re capable of?” he asked.
~o0o~
“It’s one of my super powers,” Tony told him with his most earnest face.
Dean nodded. “We only have a few left now. Don’t be a douche.” He poked at Clint’s chest when Sam let him go.
Steve turned away from the stasis pod, the image of Tony’s frozen face in his mind. “Let me know if Bruce comes up with anything?” he said.
He handed to case to Steve who took it silently.
“If you don’t kill us all first.” Bruce’s mutter was almost drowned out by the sound of laughter outside the lab.
“Give them a break,” Tony said. “They’re from the forties.”
“We have a solution,” Tony corrected. He looked over at Thor and Loki. “Chin up, godlets, we’re about to save your universe.”
“I created you, I can break you down.” Fury’s eye narrowed. “You think I won’t’?”
“Tony!” Natasha skidded up next to him, face ashen in shock. “What the fuck happened?”
Pierce looked at Natasha, “Unless you want two inch hole in your sternum, I'd put that gun down.” She didn’t. Of course she didn’t, Tony seethed. “That was armed the moment you pinned it on,” Pierce told her. They both lowered their weapons, and the video cut out.
“I’m sorry, sir, but I assure you that, as I have perfect recall, I have no record of that conversation.”
Loki sighed. “My brother, the perfect Captain, the green monster, all of you.” His lip lifted in a sneer. “Earth's mightiest heroes, I believe they call you.”
“As long as they stay away from me, I don’t care where they go,” Tony said. He looked up and met Laura’s gaze. “Well, except for Clint. He can come here if Laura says it’s okay.”
“Not a compliment,” Bruce assured him.
Five pairs of eyes stared back at him.
It had been six weeks since Ultron had tried to destroy the human race.
“Yeah,” Steve agreed. “Laura might gut Clint.”
She smiled at him. “Shower and bed, Mr. Stark. Things are going to be pretty bumpy in the next little while.”
“Pepper and I bumped into Bruce and his secret girlfriend at Fury’s and they invited us to join them.” Rhodey sounded a little less frantic now that he knew Tony was on his way. “I don’t remember much after the vodka shots started.”
“Maybe he knows that it’s the last place that people would look for him,” Natasha suggested. “I don’t think he’s been back there in years.”
“We’re going to steal an Infinity Gem from an immortal spaceman,” Tony told him gleefully. “In space.”
I'm wrecked. This chapter was an utter bitch to write & I'm still not sure about it but eh.... I know there are multiple issues with Civil War but I want to believe that somehow our heroes will put on their big girl capes and get on with the job.
Tony folded his arms. “Don’t you hurt Matilda,” he warned. “You won’t like me when I’m angry.”
that, for god knows how long.”
“F.R.I.D.A.Y.?” Tony called. The AI didn’t respond. Tony frowned. “That’s weird.”
Tony appeared offended. “Well, of course I am.” He sniffed. “There’s no point in being
“Yeah, that’s really comforting,” Tony told him, desperately trying not to imagine the squishy things beneath his feet.
“Well,” Bucky said from his spot against the wall. “Looks like you all will have to make nice if you want to save the world.”
“I can ask your invisible robot butler to play back the recording I asked her to make,” Steve said. His eyes were gleaming.
This was something he’d thought long and hard about. His chest hurt but it was the right thing to do. “James Buchanan Barnes was,
Tony scrubbed a hand through his hair. “Do you have any idea how many times I picked up my phone to call him?” he asked. “About a hundred.”
“He’s fine,” Bruce assured him. “You should take him up to his room and let him sleep,” he ordered. “Call me as soon as he wakes up.”
Steve had thought he was used to Tony’s lack of brain-to-mouth filter. A white haze filled his mind as Tony’s clever, clever fingers made short work of his belt and zipper.
Xavier put a hand on Tony’s forearm. “Tony.” That calm voice had Tony step back. He hadn’t realized he’d stepped right up into Ross’ space. He saw the bodyguards tensing up out of the corner of his eye.
Steve couldn’t help his smile. “She knows. That’s why she does it.”
“It’s even better than you could possibly imagine,” Jane confided, leaning around Thor.
Steve settled. “Okay.”
“But Ms. Maximoff escaped along with Captain Rogers and the rest of your team, not so?” King T’Challa raised an eyebrow. “Surely this was the act of a fugitive.”
Tony shook his head. “I’m not signing up for that rah-rah hero shit, Steven. We’ve had this conversation already.”
Tony turned his gaze to Natasha whose eyes were bright and mouth was smiling. “Totally worth it,” he said, jutting his chin out toward her. “Totally.”
“Well that’s good news, right?” Tony looked around the room. He hated being the only one who didn’t know what was going on. Well, Bruce was also clueless, but then that tended to be Bruce’s default.
“She had a concussion when she said that,” Steve reminded him. “You can’t keep holding onto that as your chance with her.”
“About that,” Loki said. “It would appear that Jörmungandr has broken free of its tethers.”
“So what's the next step?” Steve wasn't going to push. He was willing to move at whatever pace Bucky wanted.
“Ah! You are awake!” Thor’s booming voice had Steve wincing. Loki looked disheveled, but there was color in his face, and Steve really wasn’t going to think about the cause.
Bruce looked around at them. “If we do this, how do we know it's gonna end any differently than it did before?”
Tony held up a hand. “I’m totally not interested in apologies. Just so that you know, the chain of command is that you all answer to me for the foreseeable future. If you don’t sign the revised Accords, you’re grounded. If you do, then we can talk about missions.” He waited for Steve’s nod before turning his face away.
“Oh my god,” Steve groaned into his hands. Then lifted his head. “Where is Bucky?”
to eat.” He glared at them all. “And all I get is abused. Where is the food?”
Thanks for bearing with me.
“Personally, he’s irresponsible and impetuous.” Tony opened his mouth to protest, and Coulson held his hand up. “But professionally, he will do everything in his power to ensure that you all return home alive.” He met Tony’s gaze. “If Dr. Banner cannot be there then Tony is the best alternative.”
But Wanda was already boarding the Quinjet, along with most of the team, and Steve was sitting with a visibly not-okay Tony.
“I am unsurprisingly okay with that,” Steve said as he bent and kissed him again.
“Nice.” Dean whistled. “This your place, Barton?”
. “Hey,” he said when he answered it. “You miss me?” He was too tired to even try to sound flirtatious.
Warning again for the lack of science. And for hung-over, surly superheroes. This scene was fun to write.
Bucky handed the knife to Natasha. “You dropped it.” His smile was a little mean and Steve wanted to kick his ass.
So hopefully the next time I update it will be the beginning of the end. Still some chapters to go but there is an end in sight.
Steve watched Tony listen to whatever his AI was telling him. “No. It isn’t Avengers Tower, you idiot. They have their own place now.” He paused. “I don’t care what…” His mouth tightened. “I swear to god I am reprograming you and making DUM-E your boss.”
“No.” Steve squared his shoulders. “I deserved that.”
Again Tony tried to remember why he’d talked to Bruce about something that had obviously bothered his bestie for two years. “I have no idea,” he admitted eventually. “Maybe we should ask the groom?”
Steve groaned. “God, can’t he just be normal for a while?” Natasha’s little smirk was enough of a reply. “What’s he done now?” The Avengers Tower was home. Had been for a while now. Steve loved the discoveries he made almost every day.
Tony removed his hand from Steve’s hair to flip Rhodey the bird.
“Fuck, yes,” Clint affirmed.
“Okay, I take it back,” Clint said. “
“You told Bruce?” Steve’s eyes were dark. “And not me?”
Steve waved an impatient hand. “Go on.”
“I think the phrase is ‘herding cats’,” Sam offered.
Steve barely flinched at Tony’s lashing words. “I don't mean to make things difficult.”
Tony’s mouth was soft, Steve thought. He hadn’t expected the tenderness. Watching Bucky bite and break Tony apart was beyond sexy, but the small sounds that Tony made as Steve kissed him were even more entrancing.
“He did not say,” Wanda admitted, accepting a sandwich from Sam. “Thank you,” she smiled.
“You don’t mind, do you?” Steve asked. “I mean, it
Steve waved them off, leaning back as the doors closed again.
Natasha leaned against Clint. “What about you?” she asked, eyes sharp on him, belying her relaxed demeanor.
Bucky scowled at him. “Jeez, you just really can’t take a hint, can you?” he asked.
Clint threw his legs over the sofa, dropping down beside her. “You’re a girl,” he scoffed. “You have those things called emoti…aaaahhhh!” His scream was accompanied by a rapid jump away from Natasha. “You’re the actual devil,” he complained, rubbing at a spot below his ribs.
“I’ll make a note of them,” Steve said. The doors slid open and Bruce and Natasha staggered out.
Tony opened his mouth to protest. And then he shut it again. “Fair enough.” He looked towards T’Challa who gave a minute nod. The king agreed with this particular adjustment. “Any idea who you’d like to appoint?” he asked the room.
He closed his eyes, trying to remember when last he’d had so little control. Yeah, no. Not going there, he thought.
Steve sighed and rolled off the hammock, planting himself in front of Tony. He saluted sharply. “Steve Rogers reporting for duty, Sir.”
Dean stepped up to Tony. “Don’t trust a single thing he says,” he warned.
“While I’d be pretty happy to watch this for the next hundred years or so, your robot lady butler told me to remind you about your appointment.” Steve was trying to annoy Tony it seemed.
“And he expects this to happen because..?” Clint asked, handing Natasha a couple of slices of bread.
“I didn’t mean to make you feel guilty, Tony,” Natasha said. “We had already done so much damage, despite the good. Ultron was the reason that I agreed to sign. Accountability. I left Russia to become better, to be someone that those who created me would despise. That was what the Avengers gave me. Until we fell apart.” Her eyes dropped to her hands. “I signed because it was the right thing to do. I left because of the same reason.” She looked at Steve. “If I had known what you had done to Tony, however…” The low warning was enough to make anyone twitch. Steve wasn’t immune.
“Why, Addicted To Threesome Sex of course!” Tony threw his arms wide. “It’s totally a disease.”
“Who’s this?” Nate stood in front of Barnes, staring up at him.
Rhodes’ words had him looking up in surprise. “I beg your pardon?”
It's been a tough few weeks - job cuts & illness.... thanks for sticking with me. Slightly longer chapter as tribute
Thor hunched his shoulders a little, curling around Matilda. “I am the last of my people. I am nobody.”
“Tony! Mr. Stark! Tony! What was that? My spidey senses went all
Uatu sounded amused.
“I think he’s gone into some sort of fugue state,” Tony said. He turned his gaze to Sam. “What’s that about?”
Steve cleared his throat. “Ms. Potts.”
“Calm down, Peggy,” Steve said. “You’re moving too fast.” She’d always been Peggy to him. She seemed too young, too eager to please to be a Margaret.
Crowley looked at him then.
Skurge stopped suddenly, and Tony barreled into him. It was only mildly humiliating to note that his weight barely made Skurge sway.
Tony watched the smile soften and those blue eyes fill with an emotion that never ceased to amaze him. Somehow, Tony had done something that made Steve love him. He wished he knew what it was so that he could always keep doing it.
Steve started looking interested. Tony couldn’t have this. “I didn’t run away,” he insisted. “Pepper asked me to leave so I did.”
Loki sighed, seemingly beyond weary. “I cannot keep apologizing for my errors. I can only attempt to fix them.”
“Tony would be very proud,” Bruce said, plucking the notebook from Clint’s hands. “But he’s sometimes too rigid in his beliefs. Suspension of belief is sometimes the only option.” He read through what Clint had written.
Steve swallowed hard over the knot in his throat. “Yeah,” he whispered. “I know exactly what you mean.” And he did. It seemed that all it had taken for Captain America to pull his head out of his own ass, was to get his best friend back and then lose his other best friend in the same moment.
“Yes, sir,” she said.
Steve sighed. “So many regrets,
“And so dumb about other things,” Cooper muttered.
“He helped us!” Tony exclaimed. “I don’t feel right about just leaving him there.”
Tony groaned and Steve breathed a sigh of relief. “It sounds like he’s coming to.” He had a feeling he looked as frightened as Bucky did, white-faced and trembling.
Ross sat down, back straight. “There has been some concern,” he began. “The past few years have seen a significant amount of damage and death as a direct result of the so-called superhumans operating within various teams on earth.” He spoke stiffly. He sounded rehearsed. “There has been public pressure for accountability following those events.”
She reached out her hands and he grabbed onto them without hesitation. “We'll work something out,” she assured him. “Together.”
“The Vision?” Tony made sure the question was asked in audible air quotes. “Seriously, J? That’s what you’re going with?”
didn’t make her hate us. She set her path a long time before we met her.”
The silence that followed was
Jim’s mouth quirked. “You planning on letting me have that arm anytime soon? Or do you want to carry on using it as a baton?”
Steve knew it was the guilt that ate at him. That Tony blamed himself for every death his weapons had caused. Wanda watched him warily, eyes narrowed as she tried to figure him out.
“Too many to be allowed back into his life,” Pepper said. She pointed at the door. “You can leave now.”
“Ugh.” Pepper shook her head. “There’s obviously a new strain of stupid out there. I thought you were immune, Tasha.”
“Yes?” He really didn’t want to know what he was walking on.
Tony sputtered a surprised laugh. “He wasn’t all that bad.” He dug his hands deeper under his arms. “So what does this mean then? For the team?”
“Mgah.” Which was perfectly clear as far as Tony was concerned.
“They feel the same way for you,” she said, interrupting him. “Do not cheapen their feelings for you with jests about money.”
Fuck his life.
“I was nursing my wounds,” Tony told him.
Bruce trailed into the kitchen, glasses slightly askew. “So this is where everyone is.” He pulled up a chair and sat down next to Natasha. “Vision and Wanda are creeping me out. They’re staring into each other’s eyes and I’m almost sure they’re talking via mental telepathy. Sam and Rhodey are currently comparing actual war stories.” He grimaced. “I got worried that they were going to start sharing their scars.”
“Buck?” Steve suddenly wanted desperately to know what Tony had said.
got him.” Steve quelled the urge to protest.
Bucky stretched a bit, joints popping from sitting still for so long. “Don’t actually need much sleep,” he told Tony.
Dead.
Tony glanced down and saw the mess of come striping Bucky’s belly and chest. He beamed. “Damn, I’m good. I didn’t even have to touch you.”
much.” His voice was muffled against Bucky’s chest.
“Oh, so the delightful you that we have to deal with on a daily basis is not the angry you?” Clint asked. “Good to know.”
“There are books written about them,” Bucky said. “A guy called Carver Edlund wrote a series based on their lives.”
Thor turned to look at Tony, his eyes still a little tragic. “I am a most discourteous friend,” he told Tony. “How can I correct my grievous error?”
“Oh god.” Tony scrubbed a hand over his face. “I don’t think I can do this.”
Steve nodded, not trusting himself to speak and headed for Tony’s rooms. They’d be waiting for him when he got back.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y. Where's Tony?” Bucky asked the house AI.
woohoo! Happy New Year to one & all. I'm back at work & back at writing.
“I’ll say ‘Jarvis’,” Tony assured him. He put his palms on Bucky’s cheeks, met his gaze. “But I trust you.” He leaned in, pressed a kiss to Bucky’s mouth. “I trust you, sweetheart.”
“He needs to focus on his rehab,” Pepper said. “We can catch him up later.”
~o0o~
“Actually,” Bruce interrupted, “Watching the three of you on the jet on the way over here was pretty interesting.”
“Ow!” Tony rubbed the stinging mark. “Kick me when I’m down, why don’t you?”
or the Other Guy,” T’Challa said. “Are you not the same person?”
Tony decided that speech this time of the morning was over-rated. He focused on his food.
Steve came forward, eyes slightly worried. “Are you….”
Steve was horrified. “Oh my god, you've already been corrupted by Tony Stark!”
!” Pepper was there, hands on his face. “You need to get it together!”
God, he’d missed them all so very much.
“Sorry, big guy.” Tony patted his shoulder. “I get confused with all these Norse legends.” His eyes were glittering. Steve thought the combination of laughter and manic excitement was slightly terrifying.
“Don’t believe everything you see.” Tony lifted his lip, baring his teeth in irritation. Steve had said that
Tony blinked. “Adding?” he repeated. “I thought…”
“Hey!” Tony protested. “I didn’t bring in the Brothers Grimm here!”
“Very well, sir,” she said into his ear. She sounded like she meant entirely the opposite. He was definitely reprograming her.
“No.” Steve shook his head. “Nobody does anything on their own here.”
“What for?” Tony frowned. “You already said sorry. Before.”
“Nat told me,” Bruce said. “She’s mad at you.”
“Sorry, Peach-blossom, that’s Pepper’s job now,” Tony said without thinking, his brain suddenly offline and his brain to mouth filter inactive.
“Are you saying that you were instrumental in assisting the fugitives escape?” The American representative was on his feet. “You should have taken their place!”
“Tony.” Rhodey just said his name and it conveyed every emotion. It sucked. Maybe they taught that shit in the army.
“Dean!” Tony exclaimed. “We should get Dean to be the guy you two pick up to prove who has the most game!” He hadn’t forgotten their conversation from a couple of days ago.
“And I sorta deserve it,” Steve said. “I promised Tony that we’d always do things together. That the only way the Avengers would work, would be together. And then I lied to him and left him to deal with the clean-up.”
Thank you for indulging me.
“Deep breaths, sweetheart,” Pepper said, her arms an anchor as they always had been. He struggled to get air, everything seizing, and then there were other arms around him, soft arms, small arms, new arms that hadn’t been there before but were now a tether in the storm.
Happy holidays to all who celebrate. I'll catch you all in 2016.
Not even that pretty picture seemed to deter Steve. He just smiled at Tony. “And you're adorable.”
“Tasha!” Bruce hurried over to her, beaming. “I wasn’t expecting to see you until later.” He gave her a hug, looking slightly astonished that this beautiful girl liked him. Tony still wasn’t sure she deserved him. He wasn’t going to challenge her of course. He liked his penis exactly where it was thank you very much.
Strange looked at him. “Your abilities are different to his,” he said after a while.
Tony thought about lying. “No,” he shook his head. “Sorry, Phil, can you just repeat it?”
Tony gazed around him. It felt as though he was sitting in the middle of a galaxy. “The Big Bang theory was right then?” he mused out loud.
Steve tried to go to Bucky but found that he too couldn’t move. “What the hell are you doing?” He met Strange’s calm gaze furiously. “This isn’t helping us trust you!”
Sam bit back a laugh. “The chance to learn a little Latin?”
Let me know if I've missed any mistakes. I'm my own beta & sometimes my own worst critic.
.” His tone was venomous, angry in a way he hadn’t been since losing Coulson.
“So noted, boss.”
“Or something he’s afraid of,” Sam said.
disposal, I think the rest of you are pretty much earthbound,” Tony said.
“Can I fuck you?” Steve’s cheeks went a little pink. It was adorable.
“All eager beaver here, Yggdrasil,” he assured her. “But I’m not quite sure how to get wherever it is you’re wanting me to go.”
going on?” Sam’s question was mild, but his eyes were laser sharp.
Then he snapped his fingers, and vanished.
Steve followed. “Yeah,” he said, wandering over to the edge of the patio and looking down. “He loaded all sorts of historical stuff onto my tablet, keyed up documentaries on the TV in my room. Got J.A.R.V.I.S. to keep me posted on what had been happening in the world while I was asleep.” He sighed. “It was nice to know he cared enough about me to do that.”
“Seems like we’re a little over-dressed,” Bucky drawled. He lay, spread out on the bed beneath Steve like a wet dream come to life.
Steve surged forward suddenly, mouth hungry against Tony’s. “Can I?” he muttered against Tony’s lips.
the scary ninja people.”
Steve put his hands on Tony’s shoulders, desperate to stop the frantic staccato speech. “Tony, I need you to breathe.”
“Let me help you wash it clean then,” Steve begged. “That's all I want, Buck. I don't care in what capacity. Just give me a chance to be part of your life again.”
“Okayyyyy….” He cautiously stepped out of her reach. “Why?” She was still learning to trust him. He had to be careful with what he said around her.
Tony sank back down onto the bed. “Two years,” he breathed. “It’s two years in the past.” He dug his fingers into the corners of his eyes. “What the hell is going on?”
Bruce fell back onto the coffee table, howling with laughter. “Stop!” he begged. “I can’t anymore.” Tears ran down his cheeks.
“No.” Rhodes shook his head. “The dumbass should. I’ve cussed you out often enough for him to know how I felt, but he doesn’t hate you.”
Thor frowned at him. “Your words are true, my friend and yet I sense irony in them.”
“Tony, what’s wrong?” Steve made a move towards him, but Tony held up a hand.
Bucky dropped his head onto Steve’s shoulder and laughed.
“What?” Bruce’s hands flailed at him. “By who? Who told you that?”
“Yes, sir.”
“When are you going to tell us about Siberia?” Natasha asked, her words sniper-sure.
It was all Steve could do to stagger to his feet and race to where he’d last seen Tony and Strange. He fell at Tony’s side, pushing his hand against where the suit gaped open and raw. “Tony?”
IDEK...I suck at this.
~o0o~
Bruce rolled his shoulders. “The problem is that the multiverse that we live in isn’t shaped like a dice. In other words, the multiple worlds can touch each other. They can overlap.” He put one hand on top of the other in a crisscross pattern
“Like a fungus?” Tony asked with a shudder.
“Don’t come here,” Fury said.
this. So Tony figured this was all a lesson for the dude staring a hole into his skull opposite him.
“Is not capable of casting spells.” Strange stared straight at Tony. “I am.”
“You’re not involved with Barnes?” Tony asked, his brain still stuck on the thought because Steve had just walked away from everything for the guy.
“I was expecting more of a shovel talk,” Steve admitted. “Like the one Vision gave me last night.”
His last thought before he tumbled into unconsciousness was that somehow, despite everything, he managed not to
Sorry - haven't had internet.  Hope you enjoy where this is going. It's getting pretty exciting!
Bucky stepped inside and the doors closed obediently behind him.
“And?” Rhodes said, looking just as disgustedly at Tony. “You two need to grow a pair. Have a proper bitch fight and get it out of your systems so that we can do our fucking job!”
“Sure doesn't sound like it.” Bucky sounded doubtful. “He talked about you a lot, you know.”
Xavier nodded. “It makes sense, to sell it to us first and then for us to pass it on.”
Clint made no effort to hide his laughter. “Outed by your girlfriend, Cap?” he snorted. He fell off the edge of the desk he was perched on with a yelp. Steve didn’t know who had pushed him but from the innocent expression on her face, he assumed it was Pepper.
Steve nodded. “I can reach out to T’Challa.”
Steve watched Sam work with Bucky and Wanda. He hadn’t become as close a friend, but he was still a friend, a brother in arms. Pietro had attached himself to Clint, obvious hero-worship shining in his eyes. They had rescued the twins from HYDRA, but were still working on their trust issues. The fact that Tony continued being an asshole wasn’t helping.
“For the journey to the next dimension, of course.” Strange spoke as though surprised. “No-one else can do this.”
“Am I okay?” Tony’s voice was so shrill that he was sure the bats at Carlsbad Caverns were responding to the sonic flailing. “I’m dying, you asshole. There is nothing okay about me.”
Bucky rolled his eyes hard enough that it looked like it hurt. “Stevie here likes to cuddle at night.” Steve glared at him. “He’s like an unshakeable octopus. I reckon he thinks I’m going to leave him while he’s sleeping.”
Steve nodded. “He’s a determined guy,” he agreed. “He won’t give up easily.”
Steve wasn’t the only one whose mouth dropped open in surprise. “Bruce?” He looked over to Natasha, but she appeared just as shocked. Well, as shocked as Natasha
Pepper stood in the middle of the expansive living area, tapping her extremely expensive pointy-toed shoe. “Really, Tony? Really?”
Steve wanted to protest, insist, but Scott came barreling into the library with a yell. “You guys! You have got to see this!” And ran out as quickly as he’d arrived.
“About Thanos!” Tony said. “Keep up, Banner-boy.” He walked over to Vision. “We have two of the Stones.”
So, this is starting to get interesting. I promise our boys will be together soon. There may be tears. Thanks for sticking with my crazy. I love seeing the conversations in the comments. You're helping the plot too :D
Steve clapped a hand over his eyes, laughing. “Oh lord, you’re actually a twelve year old girl.”
Thor wasn’t a subtle man. He stepped front of Jane. “Jane Foster is my paramour,” he announced with a frown at Dean. “I think I should forbid you to speak with her.” He looked over at Steve. “Why have you brought these remarkably appealing strangers here?”
Pepper didn’t look impressed. “The fact that you actually call yourself the Flirt Meister hurts me to my bones, Tony. My
“What now?” Tony asked.
“Okay, putting all that aside.” Steve leaned forward. “How long do we have?”
Sexy times & revelations.
“Goddamit you two, stop that right now!” Steve shouted into the comms.
The schematics for the arm he was already planning on building for Barnes were in his head and he was itching to scoot to his new workshop and play around for a while.
He frowned too. “You’re named after a condiment?”
“He’s lost almost everyone he loves.” Bucky’s voice was harder now. “He’s made new friends in this time, but you and me, we’re his family. And in Steve’s mind, family is
sexual,” he said.
Tony trailed after her to the study. He tried to avoid it whenever possible. Memories of Howard behind his desk, ignoring him, weren’t exactly what he liked to dwell on. “What’s up, Pepperpot?”
“Why?” Bruce was cleaning his glasses.
Coulson blinked. “He had all three of you in the same room?” he asked.
“Oof!” Clint landed on top of him, expelling all of the air from his lungs.
“I’ll think about,” Bruce hedged. Tony was used to this sort of dance. He was the world champ of this sort of dance.
Steve was too impatient to wait for the king to come to them, so he requested an audience as quickly as possible. Fighting jet-lag, T’Challa agreed to see Steve almost immediately.
Bucky brought up the rear, keeping well back from Thor. Steve thought that Bucky was quite possibly the smartest of them right now.
He could remember less and less now from that former life. The only things that were still strong memories was the image of Steve dying in his arms. He prayed that he’d done enough to stop it happening.
“You’re ridiculous,” Steve said.
“Bus drivers,” Dean said with a grin.
afraid.
Tony nodded. “When I left the Avengers, it felt like they'd moved on. No-one called. Nobody visited. Then Bucky came and he gave me something I'd lost.”
Steve finally sat back after several, increasingly annoyed, requests from Bruce. He didn’t want to let Tony go. It felt like that he might drop back down on that bed again, cold as ice and gone forever.
Steve took a step to the side, saying nothing. The litany of swearing from Clint was answer enough. “Vision?” Steve waited for Vision to look up. He had his arms around Wanda, holding her tightly. She was clinging as hard to him, muffled sobs barely audible.
“Nothing’s changed,” Dean grunted, hefting something that looked like a scimitar made of bone out of his duffel bag.
Jim did, eyes full of wonder as he looked at himself. He flexed his fingers. “It looks like real skin,” he said.
~~~O~~~~
Bucky flushed. “You’re going to be sorry later if you don’t shut up and get in the shower,” he said instead,
Steve shook his head. “Tony.” He sat down in the easy chair opposite her. “Why did you come with us?”
Steve glared at him. “What?”
“It’s okay.” Bucky pulled back, lifted his head. “I get it.”
Dean held up a hand. “Excuse me, can someone catch us up?” Tony got the feeling that Dean wasn’t the sort to ask politely a second time.
shorter chapter this time around. Real life is still kicking ass & taking names. Thanks for sticking by me - your kudos & kind words give me impetus
the cocky asshole?”
“My friend is missing, Captain. I’m not really in a trusting kind of mood.” Rhodey kept his eyes on Bucky.
Uatu agreed.
Bruce snorted. “Because you’re never in his face or anything.”
Steve nodded. “You keep telling yourself that.” He put the pen down. “I’d hate to break up the set.” That sarcastic, dismissive sentence shredded the last of Tony’s compassion.
“I’ll kiss you awake, Sleeping Beauty,” Clint mumbled into the back of his neck.
“Our lady Wanda and the widow Natasha are not joining us?” Loki asked, peering around.
Coulson stood beside Clint, leaning a little against his legs. Tony watched as Clint subconsciously adjusted his position, taking a little more weight. He was happy to see that some things were progressing as they should.
Steve gave an aggravated groan. “Dammit, Tony. Why the hell do you always have to touch things?” He didn’t take his gaze from where Bruce ran several scans over an increasingly scowling Tony.
He sighed. “Both, I guess.” He ran a hand through his hair. “We have a long way to go, Tony and I, but I’m hopeful that we’ve started the process.”
“Wasn’t whispering!” Bucky bellowed, starting after him.
Steve still looked doubtful. “Maybe we should get you checked out,” he said. “You took some pretty heavy knocks yesterday.”
Natasha punched him in the kidneys. Hard. He doubled over, gasping. Everyone else gasped too. And took several steps back.
“You’re…” Dean sputtered, staring at them.
“What about their privacy?” Tony asked. “Some of them have families.” He met Ross’ gaze. “Some even have children.”
Tony dropped his head back to lean against the glass. He levered his hips up, arching his body so that his cock was practically burrowing into Steve’s hard stomach.
She sounded a little shaken. “Not sure, I'm working on it, boss.”
Natasha sniffed. “And people think you’re an idiot,” she said. Tony tipped his coffee cup at her.
hated him. “I don’t want to be surrounded by reasonable people,” he declared. “My genius needs wings, not lead balloons.”
“Uncle Tony, are you having a panic tack?” Lila asked, worming her way between Tony and Pepper, snuggling into the curve of his body like a piece that had been missing.
Thor shrugged apologetically. “I asked Heimdall to bring you to a remote place that had no chance of the demon-kind being around. I didn’t specify.” He sent a sympathetic glance Clint’s way. “I am truly sorry for his blunder, friend Hawk.”
“Mind-reading is not cool,” Tony grumbled.
Steve kissed him.
Jörmungandr sat down abruptly. “
Tony danced a little when he saw the completed equation. “I'm a genius and I got it right, didn't I?” he asked Bruce.
I knew he had an agenda! Bruce is one of my best friends and he’s told me almost everything that fucking nutjob has done. But he was the goddamn Secretary of State and I had no fucking wiggle room!”
“Well, that’s not exactly comforting,” Tony mumbled.
“It didn’t stick,” Dean replied defensively. “He’s forgiven me. I don’t understand why those assholes won’t.”
T’Challa shook his head. “That is his story to share. He only told me to explain his reasons for signing the Accords.”
Tony blinked. “You mean…?” He hadn’t realized.
“I’ve been a part of Vision since the beginning,” J.A.R.V.I.S. replied. “A symbiote if you will. Together with the Mind Stone, Vision learned from me about earth and many of you.”
“I am going to kill that mother-fucking, wanna-be god, dickbag!” Rhodes came into the kitchen a moment later, eyes wild. “What the fuck is wrong with you?” His total focus was Loki.
Thor exchanged a look with Loki. “Perhaps we could use the Reality Stone. It was entrusted to the Collector once we defeated Dark Elf Malekith.”
Sexy times at last! Also, there may be a twist in the tail...tale?
she was talking about.
Tony was the first to respond. He shoved his hand at Dean. “Tony Stark.”
“Who would have believed that anything of Howard’s would be of use to me?” Tony joked.
The way the Winchesters fought though was apparent that their battles were something else, something more than anything his team had faced.
“The Cage.” Steve’s voice was strained, almost hoarse. Tony imagined that perhaps Steve hadn’t been completely obedient in keeping his eyes closed. “Let’s get this done.”
Steve gave a choked laugh. “Fine, we’re not all that special. But still…”
of the worlds,” Thor added. “And we have no time to lose.”
“Yankees and Mets?” Bruce shook his head. “Talk English, Tony.”
“While I’m thrilled at the prospect of you three finding true love, we have bigger issues to deal with.” Bruce stood at the door.
“Stop using him as the excuse for betraying me!” Tony snapped. Then he flushed. “Us. For betraying
“I wish I’d told Steve how much I loved him before I lost him.” Tony tossed onto his back, kicking out at invisible restraints. “I wish I could get that one chance.”
Tony held up a hand. “Please, don’t say it wasn’t that bad.” He met Bruce’s gaze. “We both know you’d be lying.”
“I’ll drop by the tower later,” Fury said. “Now’s not a good time.”
Tony’s throat closed. “No,” he admitted. “I am very much
Thor looked like he was about to cry. Steve wasn’t sure the world could deal with a weeping god of lightning.
“They can’t hear you,” Natasha said. “They switched to a private channel when we set out.”
“Kiss me, you idiot,” Bucky said.
“I don’t read minds,” she protested. “I feed minds.”
“Yeah, he’s more like Draco Malfoy,” Tony muttered. “Strange is a douche.”
“I can’t keep apologizing for that, Natasha.” Tony rubbed at his eyes. “I made a colossal mistake, I fucked up, but then I tried to fix it.”
“I believe that Captain Rogers just made his intentions to court you clear, sir,” JARVIS said.
He stepped into the living area and everyone looked at him. “He’ll come in soon,” he told them. He wasn’t going to share what Clint had told him. That was Barton’s secret to tell.
Natasha held out a hand to Steve. “May I?” she asked. He passed the notebook to her.
Tony looked around him. “Guys, I’m very keen to get this show on the road, but I honestly have no idea of how to go about activating the formula.”
Before he could think a little more on it, the doors opened. A tall woman waved them forward. “Mr. Stark, Colonel Rhodes, Mr. Banner, we’re ready for you.”
“I didn't say we should leave.” Natasha said, her voice soft with something that made Tony’s throat close. “There's worse ways to go. Where else am I gonna get a view like this?”
“I’ll tell you everything when I get back to the tower,” Tony assured him. “I’ve just got one more stop to make before I come home.”
Steve sat down, keeping a careful distance from Bucky. He’d already screwed up enough today. “So like a trigger?” he asked.
“Never seen the Loch Ness Monster,” Dean offered. “Otherwise, yeah, pretty much.”
“He’s worth it.” Bucky spoke and Steve’s gaze snapped up. Bucky’s eyes were fierce. “He’s the most generous, loyal person I’ve ever met.”
Uatu told him.
“Happy’s driving,” Tony explained.
Fury seemed disgusted. “No, I have the courage
“My Jane is a great lover of the romantic comedy movie genre,” Thor said. “I have spent many a night enjoying the company of Bridget Jones, Anna Scott and…”
Loki’s eyes went brighter. “He’s feisty,” he beamed.
Bucky strolled over to him, leaned down and whispered something that made Tony get a little flushed. Steve would have given his left nut to know what it was. Tony didn’t blush easily.
“Then you heard my voice and everything else went out the window.” Bucky's dry tone had Steve smothering a smile. “I guess some things haven't changed, Stevie. You're still a one-track mind kinda kid.”
“You probably have your army pension lying somewhere,” Steve told him.
Thor, as big and brawny as he was, was looking mildly terrified as he struggled to hold on to Matilda. “Your assistance would be most appreciated, friend Clinton,” he said as the animal swiped at him with vicious claws.
“What did you see?” Thor’s question was a gentle one. “You were the only one she ensorcelled then. The rest of us only had our visions in Wakanda.”
“I thought we were going to space?” Clint asked as he strolled in. “We’re not going to space?”
Tony’s heart stuttered. “He wasn’t responsible,” he said, voice stupidly breathy.
“I’m on my way,” Steve told Tony. “I’ve been thinking about coming to see you anyway.”
“I’m not saying I know what the heck you’re talking about,” Steve said, keeping his voice even. “But whatever you did before, this time you’ve got back-up.” His mouth was firm.
Tony kept his hands to himself, obeying Steve even though neither of them was looking at him. He lay back and enjoyed the pleasure of watching Steve and Bucky discover each other.
Bucky leaned into the touch, a tiny thing that made Steve almost giddy with joy. “I’m not going to give it up without a fight,” he said. “Even if I don’t deserve it, I’d kill to keep this.”
“You can help me by leaving me alone.” This was the Tony that Steve had met years ago on the Helicarrier. Biting and defensive and sarcastic.
Thor sighed. “Loki was ever resentful of my position as future leader of Asgard. He spent much of our childhood taunting and teasing me in thoughtless ways.”
Tony felt everything turn to ice inside him. “Don't bullshit me, Rogers! Did you know?”
“It didn’t come true though, did it?” Pepper asked. “The team is still alive.”
“Only ever as a pretence,” Tony assured her, hopping off the workbench and going over to her. “Will you stab me in the gut if I give you a hug?” he asked.
“Oh,” Tony said. But in the future he hadn’t been, and Steve had still not made a move.
“UST?” Bruce tipped his head to the side. “Is that an army term?”
wow! I can't believe how much I've written of this. I hope y'all aren't minding the slow burn.
“You talked about Mímisbrunnr earlier?” Tony knew he was mangling the word. “That’s this place?”
“Bucky?” Steve wasn’t sure who he was asking, but he’d recognize that voice anywhere.
“Let him be,” Thor said. “It is his right to bid his son goodbye.”
“Because
“Shut the fuck up, Tony, and let me apologize.” Steve’s words made Tony stop trying to find another dimension to be in.
When Happy stopped outside the huge brownstone house, Tony let out a breath. “You sure about this, Mr. S?”
“I heard you were together, my friends!” Oh god, Tony groaned. All this crazy set-up needed was a Thor.
Right then, Tony knew that he’d do whatever he had to so that Steve Rogers remained on the earth. Even if it meant having to burn the whole world down.
“I’ll bring the popcorn,” Clint shouted from the front.
thanks y'all for the love - I'm having a blast.
“And you don’t have Potts cooties on you?” Tony’s eyebrow arched and Rhodey’s dark skin went a shade darker.
Thor ran a hand through his hair. “I can only appeal to his sense of justice,” he said. “The one thing that Loki hates, is owing someone a debt. If we are able to restore him then he will owe us in return.”
“Sure, James.” Sam’s answer was subdued. Clint moved to Natasha’s other side, leaning against her as he watched Rhodes pilot the jet.
!” Tony said, still trying to recover from the fact that he’d just been kissed by the guy he had been lusting after for four years.
“That’s just stupid,” Tony told her. “I know exactly who I am. I’m Iron Man.”
“Now you sound like Tony,” Clint told him. It wasn't a compliment.
“Stark.”
“Public pressure?” Xavier’s tone was dry. “You mean you’re only too happy to listen to the few voices of dissent among the millions of grateful.” Tony had always liked Charles.
Steve wanted to wring his neck.
“Was the world tree sentient?” Vision asked. “Did she feel like an artificial life-form?
Tony wanted to smack his forehead. “You two deserve each other,” he muttered. “So, how do I get to the Most Holy?”
“Yeah,” Tony nodded. “And?”
He saw Clint and Phil doing a reasonable facsimile of a shuffle, Clint’s head tucked against Phil’s neck.
Steve decided to take his advice. “I seem to remember something about giant spiders?” His memory was foggy, like looking at the world through gauze.
“T’Challa told us to ask
“He left
Strange shook his head. “No. I mean
life on the line here, asshole.”
“I’ve managed to get a visual on the individual who was attacking the Captain on Helicarrier Charlie, but I’m not entirely sure my systems are working correctly.”
Dean and Sam exchanged a look. “About that,” Sam said with an apologetic glance over at Steve. “We’re not his favorite people.”
Steve had forgotten what an
Tony waved a hand at the monitors. “It looks like our friends in Washington decided to decrypt every file SHIELD ever had, and then toss it out for the world to see.”
Tony’s thrashing had slowed down, hands in limp fists. “Do it,” Steve ordered.
Tony went still. “Steve….”
So of course Captain Stubbornass dug in. “Not 'til everyone's safe.”
bad thing indeed.
Tony looked down at his plate. It was overflowing with pancakes and bacon and eggs and syrup and mountains of butter. His stomach rumbled a plea.
a doctor, right?”
Tony was dying. That was the only logical explanation.
“Ow.” Tony rubbed at his waist where Steve’s fingers had dug in. “Next time, not so hard, okay? Squishy human without the suit.”
~o0o~
“Might not be your God, but he’s great in a pinch,” Tony said as Heimdall dragged them from Hell.
One more & done.
“Don’t you ‘hey’ me!” Tony poked Bucky’s chest. He sort of wanted to rub his hands over it then too, but…focus! “How did you find out about the kid and the snake being a thing?”
“That sounds like an awful lot of hard work,” Sam said doubtfully.
“Except when it comes to you.” Steve met his gaze. “I’ve had enough time to think about what you mean to me. What you and Bucky mean to me.” He needed Tony to believe it.
“You’d better believe it, Stark. You’re a loose cannon. I don’t like cannons.” Fury stood up, his annoyance a palpable cloak around him.
Clint leaned forward, reaching out to touch his feet as he extended his arms. “That she is, my friend,” he agreed. “That she is.” He yelped when Natasha yanked on his hair. “And I worship the ground you walk on, my goddess.”
Crowley came up beside him. “I don’t like to brag, but…” His smug little smirk made Tony want to rip him apart at atomic level.
~o0o~
Bucky’s eyes were dancing. “He’s gonna kill you.”
Steve went pale. “Is there something we can do?” he asked, eyes darting from Thor to Bruce.
“Shit.” She closed her eyes briefly. “That’s not fucking good.”
This was a whole level up that he didn’t think he was prepared for.
Tony stomped over to Loki and kicked him in the nuts. He was wearing the suit so he knew it hurt. He noted with satisfaction that Loki went white, and then red, and then doubled-over, crumpling to the floor with a choked-off moan.
“No, really, think about it. I’m safe in the suit, I know Loki, and I have a bullshit detector as big as the Empire State.” Tony went for earnest sincerity. It was worth a try.
“No, you’re not,” Tony said. “And not one of us thinks you should be.”
empty-handed.
“I can call it and you can see it,” Tony said, even more confused.
“Our friends are dueling,” Thor told Clint, wincing when Rhodey got a particularly effective blow in.
” he said. He narrowed his gaze at Strange. “
“I’m immortal,” Tony blurted into the slightly chilly atmosphere.
“You did
He climbed off the bed, smiling as he watched Steve and Bucky roll towards each other, bodies aligning automatically as though they’d been sleeping together forever. “No, really, don’t worry about me,” he said to the room. “I’ll just leave my warm, sexy bed and go save the world.
“Anything,” Tony said, scooting a little closer and leaning against Steve.
“Typical woman,” Tony joked. “Doesn’t know when to stop.”
“From what I can see on the SHIELD server information, he is an assassin known as the Winter Soldier,” Bruce said. “Credited for thousands of kills over a period of thirty years. He’s become more myth than man.”
The shush-shush of the wind that shouldn’t exist was his answer. “Does she know how creepy that is?” Clint edged a little closer to Natasha.
“So,” Bruce folded his arms. “About that plan?” Tony could see the skepticism in his eyes.
“I need my head read,” Steve muttered.
“Of course not,” Steve said, confused at the sudden change of subject. “Unrestricted access to guns is one of the single biggest causes of death in the world. Especially in the US.”
“I didn’t think there would be any need,” Ross said, but the slide of his eyes towards the burly men gave him away.
She shook her head. “Sharon Carter did.”
Fury’s smirk was especially annoying today. “As if I don’t know every stupid name you’ve come up with, Stark.” He fell into step beside the three of them. “You don’t know what
,” Crowley said, stepping out into an open area. “I’m a civilized person. I prefer to only take out my frustrations on demons and angels. It’s not fun when they die too quickly.”
Tony put up a hand. “While this is all very fascinating - and Wanda, you and I are going to have a long chat later about the special sort of crazy that you saw in his brain – can we please get back to the matter at hand?”
“How the fuck…?” Tony was genuinely flummoxed. “You’ve been gone for years, and yet you waltz back in here and are already a pain in my ass.”
Steve’s eyes were wide with panic. “I didn't know it was him.”
“The skies have turned dark with blood and the land gives up no fruitage.” Thor looked at Loki who slipped even further down on the sofa.
Jim met his gaze, bleak and broken. “I remember bits and pieces,” he admitted. “Parts of a life that mean nothing anymore, and at the same time they mean
“Yes, ma’am!” Steve saluted her briskly and she flipped him off with a laugh.
“How long are you guys still going to be?” Steve asked instead. “With your,” he waved a hand, “science-y stuff?”
She threw an uppercut at the underside of the Doombot's jaw, beneath the edge of its mask, letting its own momentum increase the force of the blow.  It was less effective than Carol's punches, and significantly less effective than a hex sphere or blast of chaos magic, but the feel of the impact jarring up her arm was satisfying.
"The Smithsonian, or the British Museum," she said, matter-of-factly, "but one doesn't have job openings in my field and the other one requires moving to England. Plus, I did an internship at the National Archives right after I finished school. You couldn't pay me money to go back to a DC commute." She shifted the box again, and nodded at Hank and Thomas. "Dr. Thomas is waving at me. I think it's time to go install this in your vault."
“Was there-“
Steve had grown up in the thirties, when abortions were illegal and probably performed in somebody's kitchen with a coat hanger, or by unethical 'doctors' who'd flunked out of med school or had their licenses revoked.
They had been so young and stupid then, all of them except maybe Steve, who had already survived four years of war. It had even been useful, in a way, when Tony had been trying to hide his heart problems, his identity, his dependence on the armor's chestplate, and, later, his drinking. Unfortunately, they weren't always much smarter now.
Tony was curled into a ball in the middle of the bed, just like Jan had been. He wasn't crying. He wasn't really doing much of anything.
The walk to the kitchen door took ages, despite the claustrophobic smallness of the room. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Steve stand, moving to follow him, saw Sam and Clint block Steve's path, Sam saying something to him in a low voice.
The smile froze on Doom's lips. She didn't intend to kill him. She had accepted his offer. She was reaching for his mask.
"Sure you don't." Sam put one hand on Steve's shoulder, pushing him toward the Mansion. "This isn't your fault, you know," he added quietly, after a moment. "I mean, aside from the part where you should have known better than to get someone pregnant in the first place. Stark's never been a woman before, but I know damn well you've slept with women before."
Hank nodded enthusiastically. "I need to run more tests to be sure, but I know I'm right. Six people who've gained the ability to biologically produce Pym particles, and Scott and Cassie and Bill and his nephew are blood relatives. They have to be carriers for the gene, too." He frowned down at the screen for a second, tapping his fingers on the edge of the keyboard. "I wish I had some more DNA samples. Peter's the only other non-mutant superhuman sample I have, and some of his genetic material doesn't even look human. I can't tell if he's a carrier for a recessive power-encoding X sequence or not. It can't just be Pym particles, though." He looked back up at Clint, eyes bright and intent. "I think it's everything. All of us. Like unified field theory for superpowers. Steve has it, and I bet if I tested the Bradleys, they'd both come up positive, and Dr. Hansen's promised to send me the data on the junk DNA that allows the extremis to-" he broke off, as if suddenly realizing that Clint didn't care about his amazing DNA discovery. "You don't look excited. I just figured out how to genetically test for the potential to acquire superpowers. Why aren't you excited?"
Clint realized that he was hovering just inside the doorway, and moved to stand beside the bed.
"So, that race is still on, right?" Tony. His new voice, hovering between soprano and alto, still didn't sound right to Steve. "After all, you did promise to
"Damn it." The words burst out before he remembered that he wasn't talking to Tony. "That's Loki!"
Hank went stiff, making another little strangled sound in the back of his throat as Tony ran his tongue across Hank's lower lip, trying to coax him into opening his mouth.
Then again, one might also ask why Tony would choose to conceal his obvious illness. His health had ever been fragile, and his apparent decision not to seek aid for whatever ailed him could have grave consequences. His disregard for them offended Don nearly as much as Tony's secrecy and refusal to explain his actions had Thor.
It was true — transforming into Thor would heal almost any injury he received — but Hank didn't look convinced.  Don gave him a shove in Jan's general direction.  "Get her out of there fast.  My leg hurts, and Doom could come back any time."
This time, she didn't expend all her energy, only most of it.  The combined force of half a dozen blasts from his energy gun incinerated the remains of Doom's cloak and blew his metal face-mask clean off.
"Clint!" Jan jumped to her feet, letting go of the child she'd been huddled with, and dashed over to Clint. She buried her face in the front of his costume, her shoulders shaking. Was she actually crying?
He should have said something, told her that he understood, that it was all right, but he couldn't find the words.
"It's not for me, okay?" Clint snapped, giving up on discretion. "I found a prescription for it in Tony's lab. Don wouldn't tell me what it was, so I asked you."
At least his absence hadn't been as bad as last month, when Steve had found himself unable to sleep without Tony's warm presence in his bed to keep nightmares at bay. Only after he had finally given in and called Tony at sometime after one in the morning had he been able to fall asleep.
"Yes," Steve said, slowly and clearly. "It would be. And not just to them."
"It doesn't matter," Tony said., throat suddelnly tight so that speaking was almost painful. "I can't do this. I'm not doing this."
“Then why didn’t you?”  It wasn’t very tactful, and as soon as Clint asked, he wished he could take the words back.
, his chest a tight knot of pain. For an endless moment, his lungs refused to work, and then he managed to suck in a shallow, ragged breath. The sharp, suffocating pain was immediately cut in half.
The cat returned once more, Clint's arrow fletching firmly grasped in its mouth, and spat the feathers out onto Rhodey's foot. When he didn't immediately reach down to pick them up, the cat raised itself onto its haunches, placed both front paws on Rhodey's knee, and mewled demandingly.
He knew Tony was even more exhausted. Jan had dozed on the couch for most of the day, recovering from the fear toxin and its antidote. Tony, on the other hand, had refused to go and lie down; instead, he had listlessly followed Steve from room to room around the Avengers' living quarters.
Still time to fix things. Steve's panic ebbed slightly, as he realized that Tony was right. Steve might have screwed up, but there was still time for him to do the right thing.
Tony started to wave one hand, clearly about to object, and Steve went on, "Come on. It will make me feel better. I don't have that many people left to worry about."
Both book and arrow fell to the floor, and Sam, already poised to move, launched himself at the book as if it were a fly ball.
Steve wasn't as hampered; the two Dooms he was currently fighting both had large dents knocked into their torsos by Thor's hammer, and exposed wiring where pieces of their armor had been torn free.  "But the décor here is so much nicer," he said, then slammed the edge of his shield into the corner of a Doombot's jaw.  Its head snapped back with a force that would have broken the actual Doom's neck.
"Sorry," Tony said, after a long moment during which Steve was pointedly silent. "I haven't been… You know me. I don't always handle things very well."
Tony was often absent from his office, even during the hours when he was expected to be at work there, but it was, Thor decided, the best place to begin searching for him. If he were there, he would be alone, and there would be no need to fight with him, even with words, in front of Captain America. He would feel honor-bound to defend his lover, were he present, and Thor had no quarrel with him.
"Steve," Tony started. "I-" he broke off, looking away.
The knocker on Strange's door was heavy, made out of some kind of metal that looked like brass and hummed under her fingers like something formed of far less commonplace materials. She had been here dozens of times, and each time, the pattern engraved into the metal had been slightly different.
"You thought it was going to be." There had been a point in time when that statement, coming from Hank, would have been a dig at Jan for being vain, or naХve. Now, it just sounded teasing, if somewhat awkwardly so.
Jan shook her head, reaching for the ice cream again. "He won't. Strange took care of that."
He didn't reply.  Had he even heard her?
awake. He was aware of his surroundings, he just hadn't spoken yet.
"Run yourself into the ground until you collapse. It's not good for you, it's not good for your company, and it's not good for the team."
Knowing that Tony's "let's talk to Loki and see what she means by 'help us'" plan had been voted down five-to-three—Wanda's vote in favor hadn't technically counted—wouldn't make the need to smile and be polite, or at least not openly hostile, the next time she appeared any easier to swallow.
It looked like Wanda's ominous card readings were nothing but the chaos-induced coincidence she'd said they were.
Cap and Tony had always been close, but they hadn't used to have quite so many silent exchanges of glances, or surreptitious little touches that they obviously thought no one else saw. When Cap and Sam exchanged in-jokes or old-friends-who've-worked-together-for-years short-hand, it was mildly annoying, but no different than watching Clint and Hank snipe at one another. When he did the same thing with Tony, it felt oddly uncomfortable, as if Wanda were seeing something she shouldn't.
Both seemed trite.
"Considering the amount of influence he's able to exert on the world while still imprisoned..." Strange let the sentence trail off, the pause lingering ominously. "He intended to use Wanda to obtain the chaos power stored within Baldur's Bane, which would increase the powers at his disposal just enough for him to breach the walls of his prison. Once free, he would be undefeatable, especially with Loki's power added to his own."
"We can't afford any distractions right now. Not until Chthon's been dealt with." Tony had the sound of a man trying to convince himself.
The Avengers' Tower felt empty these days, not desolately so as Valhalla had when he had first rebuilt it, when far too few Asgardians had yet returned, but quietly so. The Falcon and Hawkeye had removed themselves to the nearly completed Avengers Mansion, and Jarvis had followed them, leaving only Hank Pym and the Wasp behind in the tower.
"You have pictures, right?" Steve blurted out, before rationality kicked in and reminded him that deriving petty amusement from Tony's humiliation was not the mature or right thing to do. He couldn't help but wonder what a female Tony would look like. The same coloring, obviously, and the same angular bone structure - 'she' would probably have cheekbones that could cut glass - but would Tony be tall or short as a woman? Thin, or curvaceous? Tall, probably, he decided. Like Sharon or Rachel. And curvy, probably a classic hourglass figure like movie stars had had back before all the women in movies had gotten so thin. Tony was an extremely attractive man, and that was bound to translate over.
Tony felt a sudden surge of relief that she hadn't been, that he'd been spared fighting and trying to imprison at least one of his old teammates, and then instantly felt guilty. She hadn't been there during Registration because she'd been off in Transia with Chthon doing God only knew what with her mind and body.
"I've been helping Hank Pym look for an antidote. It's some kind of modified Vietnam-era chemical warfare. It makes people hallucinate."
They would, of course. Tony was already seen as so much fresh, bloody meat for prospective corporate sharks, with his company barely solvent again and his personal record so very, very shaky. He was getting tired of having to fend off politely worded doubts about SI's viability as a company every time he turned around, not to mention doubt about his ability to competently oversee it.
His armor bent with a groan of tortured metal as the tentacle tightened around him. Harkness clearly meant to crush the armor like a tin can, and Tony with it.
Tony  frowned slightly.  It wasn't the frown he worn when he had a headache,  though -- Steve had been watching carefully for that one over the past  week, while Tony recovered from the computer virus that had come so  close to killing him.  "What kind of club are we talking about?" Tony  asked, giving Steve a narrow-eyed, suspicious look.  "Because I'm not  wearing eyeliner and I don't think you'd look good in glitter."
Wanda tightened her arms around Tony's neck and resisted the urge to look down.  She wouldn't be able to see anything yet, not with so many buildings in the way, and the three-hundred foot drop to the pavement below would only feel more yawningly lethal if she looked at it.
"He can't change me back," Tony interjected, with no preamble. "Tuesday is going to suck."
“Go.  I wouldn’t even know what to say.”
“I said before that I’d take you dancing.”  Tony gestured at the small dance floor that had been set up in the center of the conservatory floor.
Wanda could feel it as well, a faint but distinct aura of chaos magic that emanated from the church. Whatever it was, Chthon planned to use it to break free from his prison, probably killing her in the process. Once he was free, there would be no way to stop him. Chthon was an elder god, one of the primal forces of the universe; no one on earth had the power to defeat him in open battle.
"It's not about making superpowered soldiers," Rhodey was saying. He was leaning forward now, elbows on his knees, intent. "It's about making sure these kids have some idea of what the hell they're doing. I was an adult when I got into this game, ex-military, a trained pilot, and it was still more than I could handle. I was just lucky there weren't any serious consequences. A lot of us haven't been that lucky."
He sighed, and made himself look up to meet Thor's eyes. "I know you're angry at us. I know why. But Cap's not going to kick his boyfriend off the Avengers any time soon, so can you at least talk to
Tony closed his eyes and concentrated on breathing, pressing one hand against the ache in his chest and letting the wall hold him up. He didn't have panic attacks. He'd been blown up, tortured, shot, gone under the knife for open heart surgery, and come out the other side of all of it still perfectly able to function under pressure.
She ought to vote no. But the fact remained that Chthon was too powerful for them to face without Wanda's magic at their disposal. Strange had admitted that touching the spear and accessing its power was beyond him, that channeling pure chaos power would drive almost any magic user other than Wanda insane. "We need her," she said. "I vote yes. But not as an Avenger. Not until we can be sure she's really okay."
Tony gave Ben his best bland smile. "Wanda spent the past year in Transia, her home country. She lost a great deal when Ultron attacked us; she and the Vision were married for years. Anything more than that is Wanda's story to tell. As for the X-gene, Dr. Pym can tell you far more about that than I can. It's a combination of genes, some of them encoding the potential for mutant abilities, and some of them governing the expression of those abilities, and no one in the scientific community has been able to figure out how or why so many people's abilities were suppressed, much less how they began working again. I don't believe in miracles, but I do believe in science, and much as it pains me as a scientist and an engineer, in magic, and I believe that there has to be an explanation, either scientific or supernatural. I just don't know what it is."
Steve hit the floor on one knee, moving mostly by reflex, the Doombot's blast sailing harmlessly over his head.  Thor and Tony turned as one to take it out, and that was when Doom made his move.
"I've been analyzing the electromagnetic emissions given off by the teleportation device Sin used to escape from the Metropolitan Museum," Tony began.
Some kind of after effect of A.I.M.'s fear toxin, activated by adrenaline? He'd been exposed to it nearly a month ago, but with A.I.M., that didn't necessarily mean anything. He should ask Hank to check him out later, to make sure he didn't have some trace amount of it still lurking in his system. Should check with Jan to make sure she hadn't experienced anything similar.
Tony's eyes narrowed, and his left hand curled into a fist. "I did my best not to get past twenty-seven, but you and Rhodey and Bethany thwarted me."
"Oh. Sorry." Clint let go of Don and hopped awkwardly back up onto the table. "I'm not going to have to take my pants off for this, am I?"
Maybe the one didn't have anything to do with the other. Steve doubted that, though; it would have been too great a coincidence, Tony going over the edge just days after hitting what had clearly been some kind of personal rock bottom for him.
Two pages later, he was gritting his teeth. Nothing he'd read so far was actually untrue, and aside from the swipe at Hank, none of it was phrased in such as way as to openly attack any of the Avengers' abilities or integrity. It just... raised questions. About Hank's stability. About Clint's record. About Carol and Hank and Tony's involvement with the Initiative. About Tony's long record of health problems and, of course, his drinking. About Thor's presence, and what kind of consequences could come from gods interfering in human affairs. About Wanda's reappearance after a long and unexplained absence. About Steve's ability to lead the team properly after the disaster that the fight over Registration had become. About Sam's vaguely described connection to Red Skull — vague, because specific details would have made it obvious that he'd been manipulated against his will. Jan, oddly, seemed to escape Floyd's journalistic scalpel, possibly because in her case, there was simply less dirt to be dug up.
She'd said as much to Clint, on the phone, but she doubted he'd relayed more than the barest gist of her words to the others. Probably just, "Ms. Marvel votes no, and she thinks you're crazy."
"Maybe you can explain what on earth Tony was thinking, then." It wasn't what she had intended to say – talking to Wanda at all was something she would prefer to avoid – but irritation overrode her better instincts, as it did too often. She had spent a good portion of her flight planning out exactly what she was going to say to Tony, one version for if she was able to get him alone, and another in case Steve was present; she hadn't wanted to call him on the carpet for poor decision-making in front of their team leader, boyfriend or no. Not unless it was necessary.
"We can keep everyone up there contained until Clint and the emergency personnel have cleared the lower floors," Steve said, pulling open the stairwell's heavy fire door.
He lunged at Tony, and Tony sidestepped, grabbed one of Steve's wrists, and forced his arm up behind his back in an arm-lock. "How long," he asked, saying the words directly into Steve's ear, "fifteen minutes?" He didn't have to try and make his voice husky – lack of breath and proximity to Steve did that for him.
He plowed past Wong like the tank his armor effectively made him, ignoring the chunk of pauldron, backplate, and cape he lost to the man's dagger, firing energy bolts indiscriminately at everyone still standing.   One of them grazed Tony's arm, setting alarms blaring in his head and flashing in his helmet display, and he hesitated for one stupid, cowardly instant.
"Go ahead," Hill said. She sounded less than thrilled to be speaking to him; most of SHIELD's high command tended to sound wary when speaking to Tony. He wasn't sure whether they still resented him for not being Fury, secretly wished he'd come back now that they were under Fury's significantly more aggressive command again, or all just silently thought he was crazy.
Steve didn't answer. He was pretty sure he didn't need to.
Clint ducked low under a laser blast and rolled, coming up to one knee and knocking an arrow in one smooth motion. Jan, beside him, was slightly slower to dodge, the laser catching her on the shoulder.
They had taken Brock from her, taken her father. They all needed to pay, and until she could have Barnes and Carter at her mercy, these worker drones would have to suffice.
"Vance wanted to try and bring in Silverclaw, but Gyrich wants someone more experienced for your replacement. I'll think about Firestar, though. I guess what I really want is someone else with the same kind of perspective that you and I've got."
“Cap?”
A museum security guard lay crumpled by the foot of the stairs, unconscious. He'd been luckier than the man Tony had seen in the video footage, but not by much; he breathed with the shallow rasp of someone with a damaged trachea. He needed medical attention, and he wasn't going to get it until they cleared Sin's men out of the building or at least disarmed them.
"You already knew what had happened." It was not a denial, nor did it even sound indignant or defensive. Merely tired, as if Thor and his right to know the full details of what had been done with his blood and bone were not worth the energy it took to summon any particular emotion.
He turned his head to the side, away from her hand. "I think not."
"Silk insulates magical energy better than leather does," Wanda was saying.
Steve ignored Sam's advice and stuck his hand back under the couch, causing the cat to make an evil growling sound and retreat even further.
"Someday we need to come here on a real date."
It was ridiculous to feel defensive. "Oh come on, it's not as if there aren't things you haven't told him. He still has no idea when Faustus actually started his brainwashing treatments on you."
while he mapped all the scars on Tony's body with his hands and tongue.
Tony closed his eyes, drawing in a long breath as Steve's tongue flicked over his skin. "There's a bed upstairs. Not as study as the one at the tower, but..."
Steve had always enjoyed watching Tony work; how intensely focused he got, how dexterous those long, callused fingers were... and the fact that Tony occasionally started talking to his lab equipment or to half-assembled pieces of machinery never failed to amuse him.
"And Sam?" Jan asked.  Her last memory of the fight involved one of Sin's goons clubbing him with the butt of a semiautomatic rifle.  Had they taken him, too?  Chained him up somewhere else?  Shot him and left him for dead?
He was facing away from Steve, which meant that Steve had a perfect view of said bare back.
Wanda smile at Clint, and added sweetly, "But not nearly as much as we regretted the Indian princess costume."
Something about it felt familiar, however, and not simply because it was mimicking Agatha's voice. As if she had known it her whole life, as if—
Who wished an entire group of people into extinction? How could you ever trust someone whose mind had harbored such a wish?
"Bucky did not say that." Steve moved with Tony, keeping the other man within his line-of-sight. He didn't doubt that Bucky was capable of sneaking into the top floor floor of the heavily secured Stark Tower and leaving Tony a threatening note, but the bit about the sweaters had to be Tony editorializing. "And you're one to talk." Tony's most hideous sweater, a shapeless, colorless mass of grey wool, had been destroyed along with one of SHIELD's flying cars in the final battle against Red Skull, but he still possessed an equally shapeless deep orange sweater.
The Avengers Mansion's white façade was entirely complete now, the late afternoon sunlight turning the pale stonework reddish-gold. From the air, the remains of the damage to the grounds were all too visible, but were it not for the crater still waiting to be filled in in the lawn and the half-dead remains of the gardens, the building itself would have looked untouched, as if it had stood there on the corner of Fifth and 70th unmolested since before the first world war.
?' would be worth the effort.
He gave Pepper his best puppy dog eyes, and she relented. "He says that dinner is at seven, and he'll meet you at the restaurant."
