"Talk about a conversation I wasn't even remotely ready to have."
His eyes are more expressive for the liquid swimming in them. The artist in Steve thinks it’s lovely, how the colorful city lights reflect off of this manifestation of his suffering; so much so his fingers itch with the long-lost urge for a paintbrush.
If it’s the fact he hasn’t made a single sound since this world-shattering revelation or the fact that he has fixed both one of Tony’s arms and legs to the shelf that gives it away, Steve doesn’t know. He just knows he feels Tony’s piercing, already panic-stricken stare boring into his neck even before he’s reached into his bag to pull out the tool he’s searching for.
Feeling Steve's eyes burning a hole into his profile, Tony turns, returning his glassy stare. The corners of his eyes are burning, breathing a irregular sequence of broken gasps and faltering inhales.
He exhales a long breath and supports his elbows on his knees, utterly drained.
He had been disproportionately big even before the serum, and that bodily feature was increased tenfold after the fact. In reality, he'd never felt as smug about that particular result of his transformation as one might assume. With his girth and length, penetrative sex inevitably became a hardship, and until Tony, it had always scared off rather than attracted people.
There was no time to cultivate old friendships when so much more was to be attended to. He had a greater responsibility now, had to not only command a guard but care for land and people, and so it came that half a year went by before he came to Anthony again.
"This' your man?" the man asked flatly, in a tone that said '
“About you,” he says. Not the whole truth, but also not a lie.
“I can, and I will. Leave, Lord Hammer. Please. Do not embarrass yourself in front of your people any more than you already have,” Sir Rogers said, his calm voice almost slipping into resignation.
Steve brushes a greasy strand of hair off his forehead, and his smile is weak and watery, barely holding on. “I love you,” he says, and although every line of his body that is hunched over Tony’s speaks of grief, his voice is firm and clear. There is no doubting that message, and Tony doesn’t think to, not even for a moment.
Then, he looks up and faces Rogers. “I don’t,” he says, and that’s that. It can’t be worse than the bed he’s been sleeping in for the last few weeks; he’s sure the springs must have left visible imprints in his skin.
he’s a little jumpy, a little more on edge than usual. His very nature despises him for not seeking a new bondmate to guard and care for little Antonia–he has yet to come up with an actual name–in him. Tony refuses to let it discourage him. His biology wants someone else to care for him? Tough fucking luck, because he hasn’t stopped being Iron Man, second trimester or no, and he's got the best protection there is right at his fingertips.
The palms of his hands are damp with sweat. There's footsteps emerging from inside, and Steve reflexively holds his breath until the door opens.
and do as he's been asked.
For the better part of their hearing in the throne room, Lord Stark had been arguing with the man as if His Grace was a simple commoner and not the highest of royalty. James had feared they would be throwing him in the dungeons any moment now, but he had not stepped in – as was expected of him.
Distantly, Steve was aware of the others in the room, various sounds of pleasure and skin on skin reaching his ears as they, too, got to enjoy the final act of this frankly magnificent performance. And Tony – Steve groaned again as the delicious heat swallowed him – Tony was the best of them all.
The last shreds of daylight vanish and the lake is a pitch-black pool of liquid below them when Tony’s sobs fade into silence, his breath hitching only occasionally once he's calmed down.
Rogers' hand is big and calloused and wraps around his own warm like a full-body embrace, and it takes Tony longer to let go than it should.
If there isn't anything here, that means the monster under the bed is faceless again–at least in the figurative sense. HYDRA, he knows. What they are, how they operate, what they want. They're predictable in that way. Something new and different means he doesn't know what to look out for, what to fear, what he's up against. And that eclipses the horror of having his nightmare come true hundredfold.
"Well, since you seem so interested in other people's business, I'll be goin' up to Crimson Peak," the man says, and the barely there smile indicates that his jab was a friendly one. Tony allows himself to relax a little and gestures for him to continue as he takes a sip of his own drink.
With a last flicker, he disappears.
Underneath it all, he might just despise Stone with the combined fervor of the whole entire tail end.
Every time, it's like this. It's so much and so good and
“It’s fine, Tony,” Steve reassures him. He wouldn’t find a reason to complain in any case when Tony could just as well have run him off his property the moment he caught sight of him.
is long gone. Everything he can hope to do is make things right, one last time.
It did, at times. But the good moments they shared, the memories Steve has of the time they had together – even now, with all of them tainted and bittersweet, he wouldn't trade them for the world.
He's done it before, pretending to be alright doing mission after mission until he couldn't anymore. Until the walls came crumbling down around him and not even channelling his frustration into the destruction of gym gear late in the night could keep the
Steve keeps him in his lap, soft and limp as his orgasm has left him, while he goes over the mission reports. When he grows frustrated with the incompetence of the people under him, he fucks the emotion into Tony, who to his own future self's dismay, always keens for everything Steve gives him.
Steve jolts awake hours later for a reason he can’t pinpoint.
Tony hummed, first in surprise and then in pleasure, his already blown pupils widening minimally as he tasted her on the skin. Content, his eyes slipped back and his cheeks hollowed as he began sucking on the digits, shuddering breath leaving through his nose.
Just, perhaps, the bond between Lord and knight was not an ordinary one. Perhaps… there was more than met the eye.
"Seeing as you are visibly upsetting my patient, I would deem it wise for you to remove yourself from this environment for the time being, Sir Rogers," Bruce commented, voice dangerously even.
He can’t say whether it’s true or what the real reason could be; only that that on the floor right there, in front of Bain’s stilettoed feet, covered in nothing but a flimsy piece of cloth with fear in his eyes but a snarl on his face and teeth bared in warning, that’s an omega alright.
When he arrives at their suite however, Steve's in the kitchen with an assortment of pans and pots scattered around the stove and something baking in the oven. Tony's eyes dart to the dinner table, which is already set. There's folded napkins, cloth ones, and a '78 Château, which gives him the impression that something’s to be celebrated.
the goddamned snow, and if Tony’s hated it before he now despises it with his whole being.
Another no.
It takes a few deep breaths to calm his elevated heart rate, although the impromptu breathing exercise makes him all the more aware of Stark's scent that's now brimming with potency as everybody else's gradually dissipates. The stink of fear and trepidation has lessened as well, although it's still undoubtedly there.
"So, how is Steven faring these days?" James asked, failing to keep the meaningful undertone from coloring his voice.
so clearly it almost made Tony squirm in discomfort where he was standing. Almost, because a Stark doesn't know such a thing as submission.
The very last moment of consciousness leaves him with a pang of guilt.
After old Master Yinsen had passed, the castle was in dire need of someone with all the qualifications necessary to take over his many duties.
gets stuck in his throat regardless; Tony isn't the one who wants him here, and by extension, he probably doesn't want his thanks either.
"You stay here," he says when he lays eyes on Tony appearing between the trees, in a tone that doesn't leave room for argument. Like Tony's a dog to be told when to go heel and when to sit.
Time bends.
"'m gonna need you to turn around, alright?"
Tony's supply runs out sooner than expected. The consequences are manifold.
While he can appreciate the craftsmanship, he doesn't  like it. Steve has shuddered at what the reports said Stark has done to his body. He himself has been forcibly molded into something else, but the idea of brutalizing
need some time adjusting to is how utterly gaping and open everything feels once Steve's gone. It's as though the man carved out some space inside Tony just for himself and now that its intended occupant is gone, everything that's left is a void.
The main question they are left to deal with is how to proceed once they’re met with resistance from the opposing side: How many guards are there really? Have their ammunition reserves actually been depleted years ago or is there something left? Which amount of casualties can they bear? What if they take over the water supply and Stone still doesn’t want to negotiate?
Tony clutches at his shirt and tumbles, almost-falls until his back collides with the wall behind.
. There's maybe fifteen years between them, give or take. He bites back the comment and nods tightly, returning to his horse while the men move to set off down the mountain.
At that, Steve recoils from him, maybe a foot or so. A muscle in his jaw tics, and then he breaks their eye contact by shaking his head. When he looks back at Tony, his eyes are glazed over. Tony sees him gripping the strap on the shield out of the corner of his eye, but he doesn't pay attention because he's preoccupied with the fact that
And the day after that.
With wobbly legs, he straightens and leans his back against the counter. Steve passes him a glass of water from the pitcher on the table and steps back again, hands on his hips, as if he isn't sure whether he's allowed in Tony's space. Steve looks away, drops his chin to his chest. He licks his lips and hesitates for another moment before he raises his head.
Steve's hand travels over the man's hip, down his thigh and comes to rest on the round of his behind. He squeezes the supple flesh, gratified in the way it yields under his fingers. Oh, Stark will do just fine.
"Fuck you," Stark spits. Saliva hits Steve's chin. "Who do you work for, huh? Who's so afraid of me they think sending some asshole to violate me is going to change my mind about anything I do?"
She posted herself in the courtyard and refused to move until the Lord would see her.
Steve forces the thought out of his head. He can very well keep pondering the ‘why’ of it all, but all that’s going to do at the end of the day is leave him with ideological questions there are no real answers to. Not in this case there aren't, anyway.
"What's the plan, Cap? You really thinking about going through with this?" he asks, his strangely raspy voice breaking the unnerving silence.
to rake himself to meet Steve halfway instead of lying back and playing pillow princess like the man obviously wanted him to.
Steve’s never loved anyone or anything as deeply, as entirely as he does this man. It’s the kind of love that makes you vulnerable and stupid and strips you of all defenses. It’s why they were never going to last; why he knew his day would come–because he can’t live without Tony, and he’ll do things for this love he secretly fears at his core.
It's a while until Steve is fully convinced that Tony can take care of and defend himself outside of the safety of their home, but the day comes eventually.
He gets a smirk in return. "Considering you jumped Fury on the grounds that his suspicion I might've gone coo-coo and stole you from another timeline upset you?"
Tony wonders where that Steve has gone.
"I know, and I'm sorry, Tony, but– But right now, I think distance is a sensible solution until we figure out something else. It doesn't have to be forever," Steve answers, with resolve he doesn't feel. He mostly feels callous, and that feeling is reinforced once Tony's deathly glare crumbles and reveals the deep hurt beneath.
The man whips his head around to look at him and, when he spots Steve's face in the doorframe, huffs in defeat, not even seeming mad or anything of the sort. Not angry, not annoyed, just… tired.
"Alright, well…" when the brunet inches closer, Steve has to force himself to keep his breath steady, overwhelmed by the sudden, unexpected nearness. Tony squints and looks directly into his eyes. "There's some green. He never had any green at all, just blue."
he realizes with a jolt, staring up at the off-white ceiling in his obstetrician's office during the exam. It shouldn’t be much of a revelation–his body, his friends and the young omega woman currently prodding him can testify that he’s lived every single one of those twenty-five weeks–and yet the realization is accompanied by no small amount of disbelief.
And erupt it does, because Ross gets wind of it. Tony is almost alarmingly calm when they request a meeting. It’s only ever been a matter of time, and he’s been reeking of
Now formally admitted into the Iron Guard, he was gifted the signature steel-blue armor of the Stark’s household guard, their family insignia – two silver forging hammers crossed over one another – engraved in the chest piece and helm.
Suddenly, he was near mad with zeal, revealing plans and ideas James had never heard him speak of before, presenting designs of contraptions that promised to bring unprecedented progress to the lands and working into the night often days without pause.
Just a moment.
Tony can't say he blames the old man, because the picture he had to have made was pitiful if anything: unshaved, a knuckle-shaped bruise on his jaw, shadows underneath his eyes and looking about fifty pounds less capable than Rogers who could essentially be considered a half-god incarnate under a too-large hat.
Sudden, wet heat around his half-hard dick has him sucking in a lungful of air through his teeth. The only circumstance that's keeping him from rutting into Steve's mouth is the man's hands firmly keeping his hips pinned to the mattress.
He throws his arms up in anger, and Tony just about resists the instinctive urge to flinch back and cross his arms over his stomach as a safety precaution. God, this pregnancy thing is fucking with his image.
His surprise when he discovered that the man wasn't reading or journaling but rather
"That is of no importance. I have spoken to all the people I value most in life, and they agree that I would do well to choose you. Your aunt approves as well, although she deems it important I remind you that you're free to deny me – and you are, I hope you're aware."
So maybe, he likes this a little more than he ever thought possible. It's not like his enjoyment is highly clandestine, considering just a couple of minutes ago he came so hard he
But he can't.
Steve is like a goddamn battering ram, and Tony knows he's close with how fast and unrelenting his speed has become and the desperate edge in his tone when he says, "More, Tony, say it again, tell me again–"
Tony turns his head to smash their lips together. He relishes in the way Steve licks into his mouth, gentle and slow like he rarely is when they’re together like this. It’s almost as though he’s trying to find their rhythm again, cautious, probing with care.
Something like laughter echoes between the dunes, but there's a surreal, indefinable edge to it.
“We will,” she says. Nebula doesn’t say much, but the things she does say, she means. Tony likes that in a person, human or not.
“Is this your way of telling me last night wasn’t enough for you? Cheeky, Rogers.”
Presented with a choice, maybe Steve'd pick this too. The simple life, he's long given up on seeking, but the
Everything goes more or less smoothly. He encounters a slight hiccup here and there, what with the Red Skull on Vormir and the guards on Asgard almost catching him red-handed, but other than that, it's a fairly easy game. The power stone goes back to Morag, the time stone to the Ancient One and the Scepter back to the tower, and then the only one that's left is the Tesseract.
He manages to sneak back into the SHIELD facility at Camp Leigh with surprising ease. It's amazing how easily people will accept you in their space as long as you act like you're supposed to be there.
When he puts the glove on, broken pieces of metal dig into his skin and flesh, but the pain is nothing compared to the feeling of pure, concentrated agony setting his every nerve-ending on fire as soon as he's fit the gauntlet snug over his hand.
Tony fills both glasses with juice and hands one to Steve. Then he seems to think of something, because his face lights up with realization and he makes a beeline for the freezer, putting his own glass down on the table. He pulls out three differently colored popsicles in plastic wrapping and points to the door.
Steve gathers saliva in his mouth and then spreads Stark’s cheeks to spit it out, watching as it drips down his cleft. He rubs the liquid in with two fingers, too impatient to start on one, unwilling to waste time on anything but the bare minimum. When he forces a third finger in much too soon, Stark eventually makes noise: a choked whimper that he stifles before Steve can properly savor it.
"I fear I am no lady, Lord Stark," she said, "but I find myself grateful for your hospitality nonetheless."
Steve smiles at him as he enters, sweat causing his running gear to stick to him in a way that makes Tony turn his head to watch him cross the kitchen. He presses a kiss to Tony’s cheek in passing as he fetches a gatorade from the fridge and then disappears upstairs without another word.
was pretty comical, if Rogers' amused chuckle was anything to go by. (Tony remembers that noise clear as day, because he thought it somehow sounded the way honey tasted. It's burned into his memory, hoarse and low and warm. Rogers doesn't chuckle often, and he smiles even less, but when he does it's a sight to behold.)
It hurts to think about, those many little things Tony must desperately try to find comfort in in his grief, and Steve only manages to wrench his eyes away and leave the man after staring at him, lost in thought, for way too long. He leaves the room, chancing a look at Tony's curled-up form one more time before he pulls the door close gently.
through more. With Tony, everything is more.
Steve blanks. He never questioned the nature of the sender – sure, there was some curiosity, but at the end of the day, they had someone at the front end who was on their side, and he never meant to look a gift horse in the mouth. The messages came irregularly, but when they did, the information and tools hidden in the rations they were handed always proved useful.
Someone sounds an affirmative, and he nods. “Good. We can't risk him getting his hands on all of them. Which means you, Wanda–you need to be ready to destroy the stone if there’s even the shred of a doubt that we can take him.”
Steve breaches him and groans a low noise somewhere deep in his chest, pressing wet, open-mouthed kisses along Tony’s jawline as he does. Tony utters a long-drawn moan as Steve splits him open almost torturously slow, pushing in inch by inch and savoring the delicious friction of Tony’s insides fighting against the intrusion.
"You okay?"
Heaving himself upright on one leg is a struggle, but Tony makes it at last. He starts to hobble along the trail, only pausing to rip a reasonably durable branch off a nearby tree to craft a makeshift crutch. On horseback, it would have taken at least another hour to the plateau; at the speed he’s going now, well. The odds sure aren’t in his favor.
The past Tony begins to protest loudly, but that's when the recording abruptly ends.
Maybe that quiet place of his own he dreamed up a while ago isn't for him after all.
"I haven't forgiven you, you know?"
The world turns white.
"What's so funny up there?"
out of Tony after the other, the noises rising in pitch, getting higher and shriller and spurring Steve on to make it even better the next time around.
Why, this promises to be interesting.
Iron Man, Tony Stark isn't the first super-powered name on the call sheet anymore, not since the Avengers have made a considerable amount of recruits which are highly capable and also don't have an assortment of other things on their plate. Like, say, running the R&D department of the country's leading company in tech and many things more and in the meantime also making sure to provide the Avengers on active duty with a constant stream of updates and upgrades to their equipment.
Tony snorts, but it's in fondness.
In the midst of it all, Rogers comes storming in his direction, teeth bared and the look in his eyes wild.
The young Lord-to-be quickly realized that James was nowhere near convinced. He sighed and confessed, “My father might have found out, and you know how quickly his moods come and go. He would have made me listen to another one of his monologues. ‘We don’t work for the people, Anthony, the people work for
They exchange lazy, open-mouthed kisses for a while. Steve eventually breaks the chain and leans his forehead against Tony's, which is a little awkward with how they're seated, but he doesn't have it in him to complain once he's at the receiving end of Steve's gaze–a vulnerable, soft,
Nebula is rarely in the same part of the ship, withdrawing except during the rare times she brings over another cup of water that Tony longs for so profoundly. There are no more games; those had been a bonding exercise and a distraction first, but at some point devolved into a waste of energy.
“I’ll go on that run now,” Steve says, pulls out and leaves Tony standing there, trembling and messy and
Eventually, Tony's had enough. He erupts in raw, scathing rage and nips Steve's hopes in the bud. (Steve lets him.) There's no plan, no way out, no reconciliation. “No trust, liar,” Tony spits, his gaze acrid and voice venomous.
He's a scam, isn't he? Hiding behind fancy suits (gold-titanium-alloy and Tom Ford ones) when behind it, all that's left is this. Hell, all of him is a lie. He hasn't been a playboy in decades, either. That tagline he made up for himself on the go doesn't really have that wow-effect anymore. Not that Steve would mind if he started using it again long as he swapped out that one particular part with "shitty-but-trying boyfriend" maybe.
“4 hours ago” he said the men got closer “3 hours” he said and the rebels moved closer “now we figured they made bed and set camp and came at us after first light, right?, bad call; 2 hours ago” he said pointing at the advance “one” he said they were just a few miles away, he frowned “this guys are the ones that ran in the goddam Olympics, they been closing in on us all night long” Scott cursed, he nodded his body filling with adrenaline and charged fear.
“Fuck!” he growled, he squatted next to the woman and gave Buck the transmitter, Buck moved a few steps from the scene and gave them his back, he turned the now incapacitated woman making her groan in pain
“I’m fine T’Challa, the important thing is taking you to safety, I don't matter” Tony said conjuring a smile and began to follow the others, Natasha and Bucky’s watchful gaze followed Tony, then their cold unimpressed glare followed him.
“bring them up” he said to Buck, he nodded, give the binoculars to Thor and turn to give the signal for the others to approach them, they moved in silence and were next to him in a few seconds.
“Were only five clicks in, 7 and a half miles to the pickup zone” Sam said looking at the map of the route were taking
“She’s about to turn 7” Scott said with a fond smile
“Steve!” Natasha yelled making him stop his tirade, the anger inside boil to levels he couldn’t register; Stark eyes widened with every word he saw the instant his words broke Stark, the liquid honeyed whiskey disappeared and the murky darker brown color from the helo returned, but this time oh so completely different there weren't tears this time to mutter the dullness and hollowness of his eyes; the walls were no where to be seen, the eyes stayed just like that dull, lifeless why would wall be erected when there was nothing there to hide or defend? a tiny voice at the back of his scull told him that this had got way out of hand and that he had no right to demand trust when he clearly didn’t gave it before, but he didn’t listen, he was jealous, hurt and betrayed by this man, that he lashed away; he couldn’t stand the sight of him “Winter Falcon” he said walking away from Stark.
“Rest for 30, Widow hold it up, were going to rest for 30, blue team set a perimeter” he ordered, Sam and Bucky sighed and the others complied
“you’ll be ok, hang on, ok” he said making Tony sit and he waited for the man to pass the nausea he was clearly having, a concussion most likely but he wasn’t hurt anywhere else “Tony listen to me we need to get out of here, alright?” he asked but when Tony didn’t acknowledge he cursed “Sweetheart, come on we need to get out of here” he said “Buck, Scott come on we need to get out of here, get this people up!” he yelled making the team move to help the others, Tony groaned but caressed his cheek making him turn to look at him, the warm hand stayed on his cheek the flicker of a smile pulled his lips.
“I got something!” Tony yelled, T’Challa was next to Tony Sam a few steps from them.
“Negative” apparently Fury was an angry, stubborn asshole.
“This is what they do” the woman behind them said, her voice just as soft; he noticed Sam just outside the door and the others too listening in; he held the tears at bay, Stark held now Bucky’s hand and one of the woman in the ground “they cut off the breast of nursing mothers so that they’ll never again feed their own babies, this is what they do, they maim and rape, they burn and kill and call it peace; they call it the greater good” she said voice broken and tears falling, he couldn’t stand it anymore he left the cottage and walked away, tears falling and rage boiling.
“roger that” Nat answered in his ear piece, the signals were made and they made the people move and follow Nat; in the middle Scott, Bruce, Sam and Clint, Buck and Thor at the end, he was going to be wherever Stark moved
“watch her hands” Buck said to Bruce when he got closer, Sam was quick to search for arms “Fuck, what the hell is that?” Buck asked when Sam pulled a small looking radio
Pepper’s call made his temper flare at the stupidity of Fury, denied evac and air support, what the fuck was he thinking? Apparently according to Pepper Tony was ok, still with the avengers team, and walking to the Kenyan border, but by the last call they got from the team, they had been followed by Hydra soldiers lead by Rumlow no less, death was to quick for that fucker, he needs to suffer slowly agonizing and begging for his demise.
“Steve” Tony whispered his name, making him snap his eyes to his “it was a good thing you did today, the right call. Thank you captain” Tony said, and then he pulled away, the moment gone, he let him and watched him go and sit between M’Baku and the younger male; they received him with smiles and soft caresses in shoulders and arms, jealousy curled in his gut and anger flared at the soft smile Tony shared with them…
“Do whatever it takes, that’s an order”
“The border of Kenya is only 40 miles away; you could fly these people out in half hour,
“Thor, bring him up, let’s go” he yelled over the sound of the choppers
“Let me take care of your arm” he said softly, he was ready to dismiss the plea, but there was something on those eyes that made him stop and nod
“If we go any slower, we're going to start going backwards in time” he said with a sigh “winter what you got back there?” He asked by com
“I heard you the first time, we can't stop” he acknowledge
“we got a large body, 20 klicks back bearing three-six-cero and closing” Scott informed showing him the screen he frowned
“for our sins” he said voice a bit choked
“come on T’Challa we need to go” he said, T’Challa denied holding tighter M’Baku to his chest
“You my dear friend have a deal” came Tony answer
“please, please; there’s no need for this” he said but he didn’t lower the gun and when the barrel of the gun was still pointed at the man, Tony moved the man away and put himself just in front of the gun, the barrel firmly on his forehead, he looked at Tony in pure shock, his whiskey eyes held his, the walls were completely down
“Let’s turn around” he said to the pilot, Stark turned to look at him, eyes wide in shock, he sighed in relief at seeing the man’s eyes shine with something, they found the people walking to the trail to the border and descend in the chopper, Stark leaped and ran towards them, the young male that was still holding Kamala, smiled and gave the child to the teen, he ran and hugged Stark tightly, he approached the two men and they let go
“ok so rest and will be up first thing tomorrow” he said, Bruce nodded and went to his post, he sat on the ground and kept Tony in sight and he doze off.
“Clear” came the answer in the com
“Dr Stark!” he yelled making Stark turn and run towards him, hesitance and hope mixed in his big whiskey eyes that looked at his team members and then at him, something in his gut revolted at what he was about to do “all right you win, get your people together, we leave in half an hour” he said, the shine on his eyes returned, making him realize that he hasn’t seen all of Anthony Stark
They found a resting place when the sun went down making way to the stars and the moon, the heat diminished but it was till hot and humid, his tack gear felt like a heavy skin and he longed for a shower and a cold beer, but he put that aside and focused on the people they were protecting; tiredness in their frames but resolution in their eyes, warriors.
“I’d better go right?, talk with me if you need to modify weapons, that is at least something I can do well” he said stood and walked towards the others, he sighed and followed his figure until he couldn't see him anymore.
“Rumlow has been after my head since he kidnapped me when I was 16, he tried to make me rebuild guns for Hydra, he threatened, tortured and even tried to rape me to accomplish what Hydra had asked of me, I didn’t, I used a flame thrower and escaped from them, it appears he followed me here, I didn’t know that” Tony explained voice broken and lost, he lowered his gun, he couldn’t stand to see a gun that close on firing in Tony space.
“Doctor Stark, come with me” he said pulling the man to his chest, his whiskey eyes widen when he found himself so close to him “there's danger on the trail” Starks eyes narrowed and started to look around them “listen!” He snapped, making Stark to look at him in shock “I need you to do whatever you can to make that baby quiet, do you understand me, whatever it takes” he half whispered half growled, Stark held his eyes “Stark, now” he snapped, he nodded and held Kamala closer, his hand going to her mouth silencing her, he kneeled and held her close, they made the others move from the trail and keep quiet, his team already moving to protect them, the tension while they waited the rebels to pass them was tick and filled with energy, he could see Kamala fussing in Stark’s arms, but he held her securely and didn't let a sound pass through his hand
“we don’t have enough explosives” Buck said with a frown.
“Ok, let’s begin” Fury said, the lights went down and the large screen lit up, showing a map of Wakanda “now, intel estimates that Hydra has at least 5 thousand soldiers divided in the southwest sector of Wakanda, they taken to government armories and unfortunately they have been supplied far too well over the years, in addition the rebels are killing whoever that are not supporting the change in government” Fury said looking at every single one of them “all right, your prime objective is to find and extract Dr. Anthony Edward Stark with Stark Industries, Dr, Stark is the son of the late Howard and Maria Stark; he was there helping to construct a new orphanage and school in the area with the Maria Stark foundation, the second objective is two nuns and a priest who run the safe camp where this construction was taking place near the border if they so choose to leave, they are in St. Michael Mission Camp, here” the map zoomed in showing the small camp, just in the middle of the rain forest and the zone swimming in soldiers “you will halo over Kenya and float into your drop zone, near the edge of the Horr rain forest, when you get your package, you will proceed to your extract point” Fury explained the drop zone a few miles away from  the camp and the pick up a few clicks from the border  “our presence on the ground will be consider hostile, questions?” Fury asked.
“Roger, yellow smoke” Eagle one confirmed
“He says, he ain't coming” he sighed and looked at the camp, this was going to disappear when Hydra came and the people in it will surely burn, his fist clench and his other hand secured his shield in his back, their tack gear was military camouflage, but their guns were SHIELD’s standard issued and personal favorites
“I’m sorry too, god I’m so sorry, Kalá” Tony sobbed making him clench his jaw, god the woman was selling him out and he still apologized to her, soon Tony stood up with help of Bucky, he walked to the others and they followed
“what the hell are you doing?"
(See the end of the chapter for
“Copy that, cap” she said, he followed the others but Stark came to him
“oku akusiyo inzuzo yinto ekukubonayo kamva2” Stark said making the girl nod again, he brushed his fingertips to her cheek and then Kamala “Wakanda ngonaphakade3” Stark finished making the girl hold herself differently, elegance, power and intelligence behind her dark eyes.
“They are so much more than Fury or even us though about them don't you agree?” Thor asked, he nodded “their grief and sorrows won't deteriorate their spirit, instead it’ll bring forward their courage and kindness, they are true warriors” Thor said awe and reverence in his tone.
“You’ll be there to enjoy your family, man” Stark said with a confident smile, but there was something in the tone that sounded off, he couldn’t pin point what was it
They continued the walk to the pick up zone he calculated than by mid day they will be there or at least close enough, he sighed and enjoyed the soft breeze the early morning brought, because as soon the sun rises the heat will be overwhelming, so they tried to advance as fast as they could, by mid day they were quite close, but the heat was suffocating, so they stopped to rest in the shade for a bit.
“Roger that, stay close when you finish” he ordered
“Let’s go, come on lets go” he yelled to his team, they ran toward the helicopter and got in, he got last, the chopper got up and they were flying to base, he allowed himself a respite and a pat on his back for a mission accomplished, then the muffled sob Stark made, was like a bucket of ice cold water that drenched him from head to toe, he spared a glance to Stark, who was crying freely, eyes on the window, one hand clutching his chest and the other firmly on his mouth, Nat turn to look at him and he flinched away from her gaze, he looked at the others Sam didn’t look at him, the others had similar looks as Natasha, anger, hurt and more important disappointment, he couldn’t held their gazes
“Thor, how many claymores you got?” Buck asked beside him
There was still the lingering felling of hurt and betrayal in his being, but the team was right he screwed it big time, he sighed again and cursed his temper.
“he still owns Tony a few favors” she declared, he nodded and looked at Coulson but before they could say a thing about what was next a girl ran towards them.
“ok, Buck, plant the explosives, we’ll try to move as quick as we can” he said the others nodded and began the speed walk to the border to Kenya; there were keeping close to the stream, to their already planed route it had passed about an hour since the last explosion Buck shouldn't be far away from them now.
They moved toward the man holding his shoulder Sam quick to hold and incapacitate, but what he saw made him sick, the young girl no more than 20, was naked and covered in blood, her breast cut off, her thighs covered in blood too, Sam growled in anger and manhandled the piece of shit that called himself a man.
“Tony, we are going to rest for 30 minutes” Scott said when Stark passed him, he nodded and turn to look at him eyes wide and confusion evident in them but nodded in gratefulness, the people sat and tried to stay quiet, Stark didn't stop to sit and recharge like he expected instead he fret over everyone else even his team offering water, food or medical care, Kamala on his arms, when Stark was sure everybody was settled he walked away and sat with Kamala, two males and a teenager girl approached him and sat next to him, Stark handed Kamala at request of the younger male, Stark rummaged his bag and pulled a syringe a wad of cotton and the little bottle with medicine for Kamala, he watched him intently, how his movements were precise, controlled, he cleaned the area of the injection and then he pricked the toddler, instantly the child began to cry, the younger male holding the child stared at Tony with familiarity and with a small smile, he frowned and then the girl held Stark wrist and smiled, the small contact vanished when the older male bumped his knee with the younger one, they didn't look up but soon Stark stood and held Kamala in his arms to settle her, but she kept crying, Buck was soon next to him and his eyes searched for his, there was something akin to reproach and surprise in the steel blues when they locked on his, he arched an eyebrow at his second in command, which Buck ignored and looked at the scene he was previously watching.
“are we there yet?” Scott joked with a smirk, he smiled and turn to look at Buck
“Fury” he said, he sighed and grabbed the phone
“I’ll fly heavy with other two pilots, you send evac and alert the Kenyan border” he declared, Coulson nodded, he turned away gave Pepper a quick hug and went to find his best pilots.
“I’ll handle it, Star one out” he said giving the phone to Sam, he sighed and looked at Stark talking with one of the women of the camp, he was going to complete this mission whatever it takes, he took a deep breath and let it go carefully slow
“I can’t look at them as packages anymore, those Africans are my people too; I’m going to get them out, or die trying” he stated with a nod to T’challa and Tony, he nodded and looked at Scott
“I understand, thank you Captain” Stark voice did a complete 180, going soft and warm, the way his eyes shined with gratefulness and hope made him want to call Fury again and demand the damn choppers, but he held still and looked at the man in front of him
“You can video call if you want, it works like a satellite phone but with better resolution, I call Peter every third day” Stark said with a shrug
“trap, make them blow up use the transmitter” Stark said behind them making them all flinch, he looked at him and searched for his eyes but he didn’t look at his direction, his arms were clean now and had some green paste on them.
, what part of the plan you don’t understand?”
“what he did…” he began tone defensive just to snap his mouth shut when seven pair of eyes look at him with disappointment and anger.
“Do you know if anybody knew about us or could be following our trail?” he asked anger on the surface
“Kamala, honey I missed you so much” he said to her, Nat was by his side now along with Bucky
“You ok?” He yelled making him pull back T’Challa looked ok dazed but not hurt.
“Girl” Nat’s voice came in the com, he snorted making Stark turn to look at him a bit amused
“When I figure it out, I’ll let you now Buck” he said honestly, Bucky nodded and began to walk, he followed him, but started to ponder the why, maybe it was the result of everything, Fury’s lies and Stark words, he frowned when that didn’t felt good and how since the very beginning it didn’t felt right, did it? When he first held the gaze of those Whiskey colored eyes he was a goner, he knew that push come to shove, he would have done anything to guaranty Stark’s safety, but not only that, he wanted to be in his highest regard, to be able to see the man in the eyes and don’t feel shame when he said there were going to be helos for his people, that when he saw the man in the eye he could see warmth and joy in them instead of distrust and disappointment, this two days with Tony at his care had helped him see something that in all his military life he hadn’t or didn’t want to see, that he wasn’t just a soldier following orders that, he had a conscience too, that he can distinguish between good and bad and that helping this people to safety was the right decision, why he couldn’t see that?, even when his team saw it the moment they landed in Wakanda, he saw it in Natasha’s careful approach to the path they were making, she picked the easiest and safeties one, how Scott and Bruce helped Stark and shared their meals with the others, how Clint always watched the kids and helped them, how Thor helped the women carry their bags or even Bucky starting to learn a few words in Wakandan, but not him, he just stayed put a fixed point in the mission, deliver the rich kid to American soil, that’s it, complete the mission no questions asked and be damn who ever put himself in front of him trying to stop him…
A dozen knights took part in the twelve challenges, the contests reaching from bare-knuckle fights to spear-throws and horsemanship. From his place far up on the tribune, bracketed by Lord Rhodes and Ms. Potts on either side, the resident Lord had a view of the entire arena, and he was visibly and audibly invested in the ongoing events.
The dead parts Steve might not like looking at, but he’s sure the most important bits of Stark have remained soft, pliable flesh. Human, even when the rest of him so decidedly refuses to be. And that’s alright–if Stark wants to shed his mortal coil, he’s free to. He just shouldn’t expect to keep his human dignity when he does.
underneath, curbed only by the drugs in his system and the knowledge that any attempt to flee won't bear fruit.
For a moment, there's a flicker of something angry in Tony's eyes that makes Steve almost want to slink away at the sight of his stare. Yet it's gone almost as quick as it appeared, leaving only exhaustion that paves the way for a long-suffering sigh which Tony emits as he presses the heels of his palms against his eye sockets.
NO, NO, NO, OH GOD–”
The 12th Lord Stark in a line of builders, creators and pioneers turned to look at Peter when the young man approached, still unsure of the nature of this encounter. His agitation had to be palpable, because as Anthony waved him closer he smiled reassuringly.
It was difficult not to notice the cause for the rumors – for one, there was Anthony's peculiar behavior.
Although one might argue that one of his demons always keeps his company. The flask of whiskey has traveled from his saddlebags to his vest pocket and never remains untouched or unfilled. He carries it with him like an injured deer would drag its broken leg; a burden, a hindrance, and one he's not going to relieve himself of at that. Until the day it finally kills him, that is.
As wasteful as Steve thinks it is–even with the natural spring they’ve discovered in the woods not far from the abandoned cul-de-sac they set up camp in–he has to admit he could do with washing away some of the grime. The gore does get bearable the longer you’re exposed to it, but it sure doesn’t get any prettier.
“I think everything you said happened did happen," Steve says, voice firm and breath wisping over Tony's cheek. “Maybe something got in their way, or they know it won’t work. Could be there's more to come.”
Carbonell,” he huffs out in something like wheeze, leaning over him. Tony hears only relief in it, and his lips flutter up and down in the useless attempt of a smirk.
It’s Tony’s turn to frown now. His huff is accompanied by the creak of the barstool as he leans back and promptly learns to regret putting more pressure on his behind. “I think my ass can testify to your being here last night.”
At Steve's announcement of lunch being served, Maria peeks out of the backseat of the Audi convertible, grease stain on her cheek indicating that she, too, has been involved in the aforementioned vehicle's (dis)assembly before she transferred her attention to the Nintendo game currently clutched in her hands.
"Stop right there, darlin'. You's gon' scare that poor thing t'death in ya rampant alpha frenzy," she chides, clapping his shoulder. It's then that Steve notices that even her muted beta scent has an unsettled, tense tang to it, all thanks to him. He rarely gets worked up to the point of losing his grip on the pheromones he's putting out.
He gets a nod in return. Steve huffs a breath, lips twitching in amusement in light of the situation's poetic irony. Demoted from the very top of the train's food chain to… this. Squirming in front of a rowdy bunch of tail-ends. Ah, how the tables turn on this fine day.
Knowing the theory is easy, putting it into practice is where things get tricky. A few sips a day are next to nothing for a raging alcoholic, and Tony has long stopped deluding himself about the reality of that fact about his person. That’s what he is. A no-good drunk. He might also be the first and only alcoholic to ever accidentally rehabilitate. Hilarious.
In the corner of his eye, he spots a rider dismounting his horse outside the inn on the other side of the road. There's nothing special about the sight; travellers often arrive in the dead of night, but this man doesn't seem equipped for a longer journey. His only possessions appear to be the clothes he wears and whatever else might be stored on his mount. Tony watches him feed the strawberry roan a handful of oats and throw the saddlebags over his shoulder before he heads inside.
Next, Steve moves over to the left, making a point of avoiding the space between his legs that’s begging for attention most. He noses the crease at the junction between leg and hip, taking his time as he navigates the familiar landmarks on Tony's body. It's always a little unsettling, to be met with Steve’s kind of attentiveness–the one that leaves you feeling bare no matter whether you're undressed or not and makes it harder to hide the more you try.
Tony nibbles at the juice pop as he walks over. With a grimace, he swallows and then holds the green-colored ice at an arm's length, looking as if the thing personally insulted him. "Ugh, the green ones are the worst. Things you do for family. I knew she wouldn't eat them all, but a promise is a promise," Tony concludes.
In his dreams, maybe. If there’s a higher deity above them all, it isn’t going to care about what happens to one of the countless Steve Rogerses and Tony Starks in all the worlds it watches over.
He pushed. The whole combined attention of a group of spies and enhanced individuals was concentrated on him and the willing body he was shoving his dick into, and it was hotter than Steve would ever care to admit after the deed was done. Right then, though, he relished in it, the heat and pressure of Tony's insides swallowing another inch of him and the pleasurable suspense hovering in the air as everyone watched it happen.
Anthony rushed to answer and steer Peter's attention back to him, "Of course she does. What things are you accusing me of, Mr. Parker?"
"Close the door behind you," he says and suddenly sounds tired.
Sir Steven was sitting on Bruce's stool on Anthony's side, his left hand still clasped tightly around the other man's while the right one was placed in his hair, stroking. Faintly, the physician was able to make out Lord Stark's slurred words, "You mad a'me?"
“We did that. And then we had a kid, because surprise, being old and temporarily on the brink of death doesn't guarantee your body’s going to play nice and you’ll just conveniently go into menopause, Stark.”
"Uh-huh."
“I’m hurt to find you don’t know me at all, beloved.”
Nothing that Peter had come to know of him in the past year even hinted at the fact that he was a bad man in any sense of the word – he did not need to know more.
and that's more than he's felt in all those past weeks that are already blurring together in his mind. He's
Tony manages to spend a few more hours with only himself, his thoughts and the booze before he can't stop pretending anymore. He has spotted the leather-bound book lying on top of the bedroll next to the fire a few hours ago, and he's been burning with curiosity ever since.
Right. And Steve should get treated for his lacking self-worth? Tony snorts. God, he's fucked up. What is he even thinking?
he thinks. It’s a thought he’s recited so many times the sound of it inside his head is bitterly familiar. Recited it in the hope that one day, he might be able to say the words out loud, with all the sincerity a letter wouldn’t convey.
, mocking the simple reality that no true title for a woman knight even existed. Carol, in turn, took this name and henceforth introduced herself as one Siree Danvers to everyone she met, which deterred the jokesters quickly enough.
Her parents employed an old housekeeper, a man who had fought in the wars of old and was now left with a limp and no coin to his name. Young Carol, only seven at the time, had been intrigued for as long as she could remember, and finally worked up the courage to plead him to teach her how to wield a sword.
Tony staggers back as though the words came with their own, physical shockwave. "Are you out of your mind?"
“Did you– did
It takes a while, but Tony's nearly groomed himself to perfection. He angles his face one particular way, arching his spine for no evident reason but dramatic effect as he shaves off a few of the less obvious offenders at the underside of his jaw. His towel gives up clinging to him entirely and surrenders to gravity, then – it's gradually been slipping loose for the past few minutes, so Tony keeps at his task and ignores it, now lying in a heap at his feet.
Then, Rogers makes an inquisitive sound and nudges him. Oh, right – he's supposed to open his mouth and answer.
A few of the onlookers have to be
The request is quiet. It’s how Steve gets when he’s tense: flat-voiced, no nonsense. (But then, who is Tony to say what is unique to Steve and what isn’t? As evidenced, he’s easily fooled.)
“Hi,” he answers, eyebrow lifted in question.
No matter how hard he's trying to focus on anything in the room
time to get here, Tony, you have no idea. Everything that happened, everything I did, it was all for you."
There's a second where Steve doesn't care. No matter how helpful he may have been in the past or may be in the future, for a moment, he doesn't care that Stark might be invaluable to them, doesn't care for reason or logic or self-control. He hears only the mockery in Stark's tone, one that is meant to camouflage the fear visible in his eyes, but mockery nonetheless.
It took all Steven's might to suppress a gasp and the twitch of his fingers that wanted so desperately to hold onto the man’s waist and ensure he would stay seated right where he was.
Their attempt to reverse Thanos' doing began with more logistics than one might assume. They put together teams and assigned each one to gather the stone(s) from the particular place and time they’d calculated. Not that he didn’t think of protesting against the final decision, but he had to admit the division made sense this way.
Tony turns back around as the empty space starts filling with information. He folds his arms and leans against the table, regarding Steve with an expectant look. Steve isn't sure what he's supposed to say (doesn't even know where he'd start) so he mirrors Tony's stance instead.
– Tony still isn't over that – trotting steadily side by side.
“You heard me.”
Tony smirks into the pillow when he feels Steve’s erection press against the small of his back, a line of heat that brings the promise of a good time. He bows his back a little, lets his head roll onto Steve’s shoulder and groans appreciatively when Steve leans down to suck a mark into his exposed throat.
Tony smiles in response, the smallest strain around the curve of his lips, and pushes past Steve to remain standing in the door frame for a moment before reaching for the handle.
Tony as in Tony Stark? How would that... Doesn’t he have Extremis?”
"Are you drifting off here or choosing to ignore me?" Steve asks, but it's not accusatory. His voice is soft, puffs of air still tickling Tony's ear, and his gaze travels from Tony's eyes in the mirror down to where he's stroking his thumbs up and down his skin.
Thanos was the big bad, but still. Who knows what else is out there?
"Don't think about it," Steve says, because he's found ignorance to be the only reliable way to stay sane when every day could hypothetically be the day he loses Tony for good. "We're here now and we'll be here tomorrow. That's what matters. Don't– just don't think about anything else."
A pleasant surge of anticipation rolls through him as the head of his dick greets the man's entrance. Stark seems to suddenly be struck with the realization that what he's expected all along will occur in just a moment, and his hands reach out to fumble for leverage in front of him. A hopeless quest to escape Steve's touch. He must know there's no point in trying, yet he drags himself along the ground regardless before collapsing–face-down with a defeated grunt–into a sad heap.
“strip those packs down to rolling gear only” he said, have the refugees drop anything that don’t go boom, lets move” he ordered, they nodded and began to move, Tony waited for him
I swear to–
There was a tonal shift in his words halfway through, going from demanding to pleading, and Steve couldn't deny him the request, not when the whimper following shortly thereafter was so very desperate and so very sweet.
A hand on his bicep startles Steve, and he whips around to come face to face with Bucky, who squeezes his arm in silent support and says
He thanks Natasha and squares his jaw as he approaches the small group of people that has gathered at the end of the corridor, all visibly agitated, their collective attention focused on the sleeping space up where Stark is hidden. A tired-looking beta woman with a toddler on her arm is fending off the crowd, bellowing that
Tony flashes a quick smile in return, sharp as a blade. "Be careful with that. Odds are you won't feel that grateful once you experience this mess first-hand," he answers, his tone oddly light with self-deprecating humor.
He clears his throat, and the voice he's speaking in next sounds nothing like the person he's trying to mimick, but that's obviously intentional.
Alarm overtakes his face as he registers that Tony is scrambling for leverage on the floor, and he throws the covers aside and comes running. The concern in his face is contrived, it has to be. Or maybe not: maybe he's concerned Tony will escape.
When Hammer and his entourage had exited the hall, the deafening silence broke and people slowly returned to their private dialogues. As the many pairs of eyes turned away from him, Sir Rogers exhaled in visible relief but startled when he caught Natasha still observing him.
Steve was going to jump, Christ, that suicidal motherfucker. He's been looking to make things right with Tony ever since Tony's breakdown after returning from space, and this, well. This would just be the greatest opportunity to prove himself, wouldn't it?
"Am I sure that I'd rather have your rank fucking dick up my hole than overheat and end up having a– a stroke in this place?" He hisses,
Something settles cold and heavy in his gut at Tony's words, but he tries to repress the feeling. Tony is only being reasonable; he shouldn't put his daughter through this and in any case, it's not like he owes Steve anything. Steve's a surprise visitor from another dimension, nothing Tony ever wanted or even asked for.
It's like a switch being flicked, and suddenly he's back.
Tony isn’t out of the woods yet, and whether this last, desperate measure to save him will actually come to fruition is something he’ll only find out in the next few hours. Tony may live. Tony may die, succumb to his injuries. Tony–and this is the one possibility Steve wants to entertain the least–may still be taken by the disease, and he’ll have been right to condemn Steve for torturing him on behalf of a hopeless cause.
Tony, for the first time in a long time, carries just the hint of a smile again, and his stance is infused with a distinct self-assurance it’s been sorely lacking so far.
Tony’s hand almost refuses to move, but he brings it up to touch Steve’s that is still cupping his cheek.
Tony knew the question would come eventually. And here's the thing: he doesn't know. Probably not. This could be a suicide mission for all he knows, but here's another thing: Tony doesn't think he cares. He's got his whole life to rot and wither like the rest of Red Rock when he comes back.
As they settle into a routine, Tony realizes that life as a cattleman up in the solitude of the mountains is terribly,
"Can I please get the boat after breakfast? You don't even have to watch, I promise I'll be careful," she says, talking so quickly she stumbles over her words. She eyes Tony with a sweet smile and adds pleadingly, "Pleeease?"
Anthony shot upright at his words, wincing as the movement caused his injured ankle to stir and send more spikes of agony through his body. "
“Time is nothing,” Tony tells Nebula, whose head snaps around to look at him from across the room. First, her gaze is narrowed as she evaluates what has been said. She tilts her head a little and considers his state of delirium before she decides the statement is worth responding to.
Tony stays in that night while Rogers returns to the herd. He's wearing even more layers than usual, the high collar of a thick, woolen coat framing his face as he pokes his head in through the door, raising a hand to signal that he will be on his way. Tony returns the gesture and later watches through the window as the man leaves, rifle over his shoulder.
His mouth runs dry, and that's definitely not the cold that has his nipples (amongst other things) standing at attention. One of Steve's hands presses over the left nub while the other wanders down to do not what Tony very much hoped would happen but instead to yet again rub over his stomach and then pull him flush against Steve at his middle.
It's a different pain altogether, realizing this something he's ached for so fiercely but never thought he'd get is tainted by betrayal now.
Tony decides not to argue, because they've got more important matters to attend to at the time. He may not have many things in order, but at the very least his priorities.
Tony gestures between them animatedly. "This," he clarifies. "Jumping me in the kitchen. Disappearing. Coming back and pretending nothing happened?"
Tony can’t hold back anymore and doesn’t bother to. He lets the torrent swallow him, drowns in Steve and his need for him and moans out a guttural, ugly noise that seems to do it for Steve. Feeling him spill inside chases another prickling surge of arousal through Tony. His own jizz splashes against the counter and onto himself, and Steve keeps fucking him through his own climax until there's nothing left to chase.
"Yeah.
Stark clears his throat, line of his mouth flattening a bit in resignation as he realizes that this is how this talk is going to happen – with him being reminded of his place during every moment of it simply by virtue of his state of undress.
Tony's throat constricts. He looks away–tries to, anyway, because Steve's hand that's been resting on his chest comes up to wrap around his jaw and turn him back to face the mirror.
“Alright, I don’t need to listen to this. If this gets out, it’ll reflect badly on everyone here, the press can’t know, I have the worst timing, you're the hero who cleans up everyone's mess. That check about everything on your list? Hell, I’ll disappear for a few months if I have to. Thinking about it, yeah. I’m going to walk out on you, and then you can tell me all about how that worked out for–“
Steve freezes in his step when he catches sight of the leather-bound book and that's about everything Tony needs to know. Finding the truth was supposed to be liberating. Freeing. It feels like shackles made in an attempt to be free.
he's holding glows. The pebble-shaped, orange crystal in his hand glows and pulses with renewed intensity as he reaches out to touch it, dumbfounded and speechless.
That's all the answer Steve gets. It sounds like a 'no' by any stretch of the imagination. Looks like he's painting a miserable enough picture that not even Fury wants to be the one to break the news to him that he'll be stuck here for good.
"You know that's not true," Steve says quietly. And then, "Go see your family, Tony."
darling, baby, honey, sweetheart, please–
animals, no matter how many times Stone's tried to hammer that idea into all our heads. Alright? Let's not go out of our way to prove the bastard right."
Not too far from the shore, a small archway of white stone has sprung up from the previously empty patch of sand. It's the only discernible change as far as Tony can tell. Steve has spotted it too, holding out a hand to pull him upright. Tony accepts it, exchanging a fleeting glance with the other man to ensure they both have the same idea of how to proceed.
Tony had hoped, foolishly, that giving up the CEO position to Pepper would bring his number of intercontinental business trips down to a close zero, but no such luck. Hence he spent the last two weeks putting out fires–figurative and real ones–at their production site in Shanghai after something (multiple somethings) went awry in the robotics department and the whole place shut down as a result because nobody could quite figure out the
When Steve looks back up and returns Tony's gaze, he tries not to be too obvious about how sheepish he feels, being caught staring like that. But Tony is evidently preoccupied with whatever's currently going through his mind. Beside the suspicion, there's something else in his eyes, something raw and hurting. Steve knows that expression; it's been looking back at him from a mirror for weeks now.
That’s fine. Steve gets back at him by delivering a slap to his naked butt that sounds like it stings.
“You.” Kiss.
“Why is it that you are telling me all this?” Peter questioned, tone uncharacteristically measured.
If he could, Tony'd laugh, but his mouth is dry, throat itching with the sudden absence of saliva. One look at Steve confirms that he feels similarly, incredulous at the scene unfolding in front of them and the frankly unbelievable things it implies.
Before Tony can bring himself to choke out an answer, the Skull cuts in, "The Soul Stone's powers are far beyond the comprehension of the mortal mind. It cannot prove its veracity to you, but rest assured it will abide by its everlasting promise. A soul for a soul."
When he had the presence of mind to open his eyes, Tony was trembling and panting hard beneath him, the arch of his back exaggerated and his forehead pressed into a pillow while his mouth remained free to suck in air. A little dazed, Steve frowned, looking for Natasha who was gone – and found her between Clint and Bruce, who had joined Thor on the empty side of the bed as well. All of them were in varying states of undress and intently focused on what was playing out in front them.
It takes a long time for him to run out of tears, and even longer to come to his senses enough to wipe them away, quick and rough. Steve doesn't have the presence of mind to feel self-conscious about this display of vulnerability. Even if he did, he doesn't think he could be bothered to care.
Tony has spent a considerable amount of his time in said saloon drinking, as one does. In truth, it's the only thing to do in this god-forsaken place. The locals haven't been privy to a brothel or any other form of entertainment in ages, and so visitors and townsfolk alike flock to the establishment like vultures to a fresh carcass.
Steve refused and Tony had expected that, he
"If we're talking sexual favors, I'm in."
A muted groan slipped past his lips and it took a worrying amount of self-restraint not to snap his hips forward as he came, coating Tony's insides. Steve'd been holding off for what felt like ages and was surprised by his own self-restraint; he expected to shoot his first load a lot sooner. The feeling of his release spilling inside Tony had the other man's eyes roll back and caused him to try and push himself further down on the cock in his ass, forcing Steve to tighten his grip and prevent himself from slipping in any deeper.
The door swings open and Steve, of course, decides to come striding in right this moment. Tony keeps his eyes glued to the mirror even as his body grows rigid at the first hint of the other man approaching.
Nobody told them Tony would be the one to pay for their collective failure, in the end.
And such went the tale of how Siree Danvers became the Iron Castle's master-at-arms.
In an ironic twist of fate, Thanos' armies disintegrate, the ugly hounds and beasts with blood tainting their chaps turning to dust one by one. Steve breath catches as he comes to a standstill in the midst of death and destruction. He believes, for the first time in a long time, in a just universe again. It's a freeing feeling.
The saloon itself is just that, too. Dead and rotten, like the rest of the town. The floorboards are being ravished by wood rot and creak in anguish every time their old bones are tested for their durability. One of the windows has been boarded up but never fixed after a couple of morons took their disagreement outside by launching themselves through the window and onto the street in a tangle of limbs. There's a draft in the open space of the room now, and even the fireplace in the corner can't keep the cold out.
"Why would they stop at one if they can have five? Ten? An army?" Steve #3 at his right smiles a shark's smile, and Tony is positive he hasn't spoken a word (because he won’t give them this too) but he's as much of an open book to them as he's ever been.
This is the one day he hoped and prayed would never come. All because he's been inattentive; had he been more mindful, it wouldn't have happened. But no. He failed Tony in this one duty of his that was essential, that came above all else, even before loving him.
, which is more than an enthusiastic ‘yes’ in his book when it comes to lazy morning sex. Steve chuckles softly in return and lifts Tony’s leg a bit further as he starts moving at a leisurely pace, watching Tony sigh and twitch and worry his lower lip with his teeth.
“Okay, wow. Look, I was considering doing this
The woman is rather short, blond hair curled into a simple hairdo on the back of her head, blue eyes crinkling as she smiles softly. Her outfit reminds of a nurse's back in the day.
“Go on, now Winter” he ordered, making eye contact, he held it for a few seconds, steel blue eyes studied his in an eerie empty stare and then followed the order, walking away from them and hurry Stark, he held the sigh and stilled himself
“I can’t do that; I’d risk the safety of all these people here” he said, Stark eyes widen and then narrowed in anger, he looked away from his accusing eyes “Besides, they may bypass the mission” he said nonchalantly refusing eye contact
'Glorified blow-up doll' is what Tony called himself during one of his more lucid moments, and Steve supposes it's true but only in regard to his participation in the act. Everything else–from the feel of his tight, sucking heat to the sound of his desperate whimpers–is quite unlike an inanimate object.
Steve aches to undress him fully, look upon all that olive skin and count the places where it’s marred with scars and penetrated by metal, but there’s no time for thorough exploration. He pushes Stark’s pants down to his knees and his shirt up his back; his spine reveals itself as a long, iron snake coiling from his neck over the slope of his back to the crack separating the swell of his ass.
have, um.” Tony hesitates. “A kid?”
Klynn, in common parlance aptly titled the land where the rivers meet, lay just north of their homeland. The party was forced to negotiate a steep mountain passage to reach the swampland where the battles currently raged; while they did not suffer any losses on their journey, the knowledge that it was bound to happen all the same hung heavy in the air.
They come to an understanding, of sorts.
Had he witnessed it, Clint would boast and then jest about having quite the ear for the truth. Of course, Bruce would not share any of it with the archer; as much as the man loved to gossip and meant no harm, this pet interest of his was not of as much importance as another's right to privacy.
It makes sense, suddenly. Their differences, their intentions so similar yet always explosive, like stars colliding. Two sides of the same coin.  Never being able to let go, incapable of loving less in spite of all the sorrow, anger and betrayal. Hurting with their own failure when apart, but all the stronger for it once reunited.
With little else to do, Steve blindly grabs a book off one of the shelves and settles into the armchair next to them. He discovers that he picked a 101 on electrical engineering; he can’t make sense of the majority of passages he skims through (doesn't really make an effort to), so his thoughts drift off soon enough.
has gotten into him when just yesterday, Steve asked "You ready?" and shot him a reproving look when Tony nodded eagerly, knowing he wasn't, and continued to stretch him without another word.
The wait was worth it, Tony decides, as he watches his favorite shirt and the tailored pants get discarded, exposing those endless plains of muscle and milky skin that turns golden in the warm light. To no one's surprise, Steve's cock is already fully erect without having received a single touch. The sight is drool-worthy, and knowing that this eight-inch delight is going to be
"Why? You are kind, compassionate, humble, intelligent, resilient. At times, you see things I do not. I intend to make many more changes until such a time when you would be to take over, but I am limited by my time. You, however? You are– the future."
There wasn’t much feeling in the act itself. They both were afraid what it would turn into if they let emotions surface. Tony preferred it like this: quick and desperate, something they both needed, one of the rare occasions they found themselves on the same page these days. Before the matter took a turn for the worse, before Lagos, they'd been with each other anytime their cramped schedules allowed for it–after going close to three weeks without, neither of them was too proud to deny themselves.
"You…are… most welcome," the man answered, quiet amazement instead of the venom she had expected in his voice.
He doesn't know, not in Siberia.
Stone Incorporated was a tech giant on top of the industry, sure, had been even before its merger with Stark Industries when the latter was still in the hands of Howard Stark, but nobody quite expected something on this scale. Two camps formed quickly enough: The one that celebrated, near worshipped the man for his ingenious idea, and the one that stamped him as crazy and paranoid for developing technology like this for a scenario that would never come to pass.
Steve rubs the globes of his ass and then pulls them apart. After a few seconds of teasing his slicked length up and down his crack, Steve presses against his hole with intent. Tony bites back something he knows would’ve been a needy whine.
There's quick, shuffling footsteps coming up behind Tony. Steve hears them before the other man does, but the moment Tony picks up on the noise, he turns around and walks a few steps down the hallway to catch the little girl in his arms. He throws a look over his shoulder that Steve can't really define and then huddles over her, almost as if to shield her from vision.
Steve breathes deep.
Tony hasn’t really had it in him two voice any complaints ever since the man brought that monstrosity of an axe down for the first time with a grunt that’ll be following him into his dreams. It’s been a day and he already can’t keep his thoughts contained to harmless territory.
Steve keeps to his slow pace, pulls out as far as is possible with the limited range of motion and relishes the needy, mewling sounds Tony makes whenever he grazes his sweet spot upon pushing back in. Tony is squirming in his embrace and his hand comes to rest over Steve’s, which is leaving dark bruises where it’s clutching Tony’s thigh to keep him spread open.
The first one to arrive is an older man with graying hair and he makes a show off rearranging his coat so the gun in his holster is revealed to Tony. Oh, great.
The desperation must show in his face, because Rogers looks at him for a moment, contemplating, and then sighs in defeat as if giving up a mental argument against himself.
Steve makes an inquisitive noise through his next bite of pancake, asking for a reply. It crosses Tony’s mind that the unease prickling under his skin is something he should be taking a closer look at, but he brushes it away against his better judgement. Stranger things have happened, right?
When Tony winks and shoots Rogers a smirk, he finds the man already looking at him. He avoids his gaze the moment their eyes meet, and Tony sees a muscle in his jaw tic angrily when he looks away.
Steve,” Tony presses out through grit teeth, and his voice that has been kept level for so long rises in pitch when Steve grabs a hold of his arm, bruising. “Stop!
Tony doesn’t finish the sentence, only hangs his head and huffs a long, rumbling breath. Before Steve gets to ask, he takes Steve’s hand and guides it down to his dick that’s straining helplessly against the sheets. Steve gets the message and starts pumping it in time with his thrusts, picking up speed as he finds himself dangerously close to tipping over the edge.
might not come back.
And again.
"Yes," he gasps out, his voice carrying a desperate edge. At a particularly rough thrust, he slams his fist onto the counter, curls his fingers so hard his nails cut into his palm, the sole outlet for his wanton fervor. "
that is periodically disrupted by late-night commercials. Tony suggested they have JARVIS put on whatever episodes he liked best, but Steve considers sitting through the commercial breaks ‘part of the experience’.
Stark shoots him an open-mouthed look of disbelief that carries an undercurrent of horror.
. This is just for me. Collecting my payment early, you could say."
The memories sweep him up in a rush of ice water as he blinks himself awake, and the only grounding sensation that keeps him away from the bunker and tied to this bed is Pepper sitting by his bedside and squeezing his hand.
Rooting Stark out was a hassle. This final act of the play is not so much a climax as it is shooting fish in a barrell.
"Captain Rogers, may the Gods guide your hand as you guide this sword."
The man must've felt Steve's gaze on him, because he looks up almost moments after. "I'll do it," Steve announces, careful yet determined, but then thinks better of it. "If you'll let me."
He should be happy Hi-dra wants him alive, or else he wouldn't even be getting the chance to partake in this exchange. The point is never to intimidate. Hi-dra doesn't have any reason to exercise their power for theatrics, they've long outgrown the need for show and dance. As always, it comes down to returns on investment–and they see fit to pursue Stark so relentlessly because they're aware of the possible reward.
Whatever Steve has planned for them today, he’s more than intrigued now. Tony is never opposed to spicing up their sex life. He winces a little as he strips himself and several pains make themselves known. Hell, as long as they come with a mind-blowing orgasm, he’ll take them any day.
That's all there is. He doesn’t cry and doesn’t beg. Steve expected nothing less from someone of his caliber, but they’re far from done. There are a lot of opportunities left to coax noises out of the man.
Tony can't say he minds the relative calm or the excuse to skip all those SI meetings and press conferences. He spends most days around the compound, in the workshop and in bed, which is all about him feeling dead on his feet a lot of the time and has absolutely nothing to do with the fact that he can still smell the faintest trace of Steve’s scent in the pillowcase.
He trails off, breath hitching. Gratified, Tony watches the cocky expression give way to a stunned one. Steve's eyes widen a fraction and his tongue darts out to wet his lips in a subconscious reaction to his fingers coming in touch with the butt plug.
Tony ignores their reflection for a moment in favor of looking up at real Steve with a wink. "You know I just like having my ego stroked in every way imaginable, handsome."
For all that the matter should've already been taken care of, Steve takes his sweet time prepping him. Partly because the plug is still considerably smaller than he is, and in part because he loves seeing Tony squirm and bite his lips until they're red and swollen with it.
"Do you like to draw? We'd just need some more paper. I might not have your smarts, but I can draw a nice– uh, boat? Do you like boats in general or is it just the ones you built?"
Sir James Rhodes gaped like a fish out of water when they first came face to face, apparently reminded of his past, childish infatuation with her. But if there was one thing they were no more, it was two youngsters.
For all Tony knows, both of these scenarios are equally as likely.
him enough?“
Today, it’s late when they pack and leave the beach. The sun’s glowing orb melts into the ocean as they climb the cliffside staircase. On the way back to the house, there's bootprints on the trail that weren't there before, and Tony gets pulled out of his musings.
Then, the
Tony meets his next thrust with a hard shove and almost doubles over when Steve cock glides over his sweet spot all the way through. The sound that escapes him is half moan and half breathless laugh. This is filthy, and he’s into it so much he already knows there will be an epiphany or two waiting for him when they're done.
Natasha prided herself on her gift of observation, and Lord Stark was a most curious man to observe.
Steve's posture loses some of its tension as he turns toward Tony, frown hardening his features. "How is this sacrificial ritual supposed to work? We know the Stone's not here
Distantly, he notices Thor getting on one knee next to him, but it's a display of respect rather than an involuntary movement. He's sure if he were to look around him, there would be others joining in too, but everything Steve sees is Tony Stark's lifeless body, burned and blistered so as to always remind of the endurance his sacrifice required.
Tony, who has, incredibly, cleared his plate – and isn't it strange that Steve's the one without appetite now – stands up from his seat and puts it in the sink, which he plugs and begins to fill with water. There's barely any dishes to fill the dishwasher today.
“Yes?”
“Thank you” came Tony's voice inches from his ear, he turned to look at the man, Tony smiled softly and leaned even closer, his lips touched his, it was chaste and delicate, but it was the best kiss he has ever had.
“Two hours and a half off the rendezvous with the bird, they can only bring what they can carry on their backs” he said turning to look at the people forming a line ready to go
“now, you have something to say don’t you?” he growled in confusion and anger, Tony flinched from his words but nodded, his eyes never left his.
“she likes it, it’s a done deal, now I need to communicate it to the wife” Clint stated for Stark’s benefit, Stark stopped and gave the toddler to Clint, who held her confused, then Stark opened his bag and pulled the latest model of SI phone, then traded the phone for the toddler with a smile, Clint looked at the phone, then at Stark and then at him, mouth open and eyes wide in shock.
“Hawkeye, Widow, Ant man; status?” he asked
“Could be, but why would anybody be following us?” Scott asked confused
“they’ll set camp, they cant track us in the night, Cap.” Bruce assured, he nodded
“Captain Rogers, colonel Rhodes here, eta 20 seconds, need smoke to engage”
“Why not?” Stark demanded
“I need medical” Thor said
“Let’s turn around” he said to the pilot…
“That’s a great idea, Winter. Drugging and kidnapping an American doctor”
“We haven’t even been here an hour and we are going back to that hell hole?” Clint asked making Sam and Buck shrug
find find me on
“Tony!” Bruce yelled, when Stark got out of the cottage, his eyes were red and there was a burden on his shoulders but he kept moving, he went to Bruce who was supporting a crying woman, Stark started to talk in wakandan and began to help the woman, the people that was left of the village went with them, he didn’t mind at all and neither his team…
“Tony!” Scott said hugging him when he saw him enter in his house, he smiled at the man
Natasha and Thor firing from an upper position Bruce and Scott from the sides and Buck and Clint firing from the back, as plans go it was a good one but their amo was getting lower by the second, they needed back up right about now, he ran with Tony on his shoulder and Sam trying to get through the call for back up.
