His softening cock sinks to Cas’s as he bows forward.  Satiated emerald eyes watch Cas from under wet lashes at the first dart of tongue.  Their skin sizzles with each swipe of wet flesh and Cas curls their fingers in sweaty blonde strands.  Lick by lick, they’re made clean again, cool trails left in his wake.
But there’s something missing.  Dean closes his eyes, trying to picture it, all of it.  Recliner, flannel, beer cans.  His dad, John Winchester, had a shock of dark hair almost the same color as Cas’s.  Recliner, flannel, beer cans, black hair…
“Da-Daddy...can I—wanna touch you, Daddy, please…” Dean whimpered, “S-So tingly...wanna hold onto you…”
Dean’s fingers twitch on Cas’s back.  He doesn’t think his first time will be with a girl.  If they ever actually see the light of day again, Dean’s pretty sure he wants to kiss and hug and touch someone who looks like his Robert.  He said ‘girl’ to Cas ‘cause...well, he’s not really sure.  Cas probably will want to be with a girl when he grows up.  Dean’s lip quirks up ever so slightly at the idea of the other boy all decked out in a tux at the altar waiting for a pretty woman in a wedding dress.  God, she’s gonna be so freaking lucky to have someone with Cas’s smile.
Dean slips out of the bathroom as quietly as he’d entered, swiping dark streaks down his shirt instead of taking the time to grab a paper towel.  His steps speed up a little when he meets big, grey puppy eyes with the beginnings of tears making them shine.
Vision is dancing with spots, Dean slumps to the cool floor.  His blurry eyes find Jack’s curled up form, something like joy exploding in his chest when the kid twists and hoarsely moans.
Dean kisses the crown of Jack’s head and huffs a laugh that’s anything but happy before Cas is forced to respond, “Your eyes are getting droopy, dude.  Hey, maybe Cas can tell you the angel story again?”
Fingertips slip closer to his crease and a shiver racks its way up Dean’s spine.  Cas’s voice is low and boulder-thick when he murmurs, “I’m going to touch your anus now.”
“I have an idea as well, I think,” Cas says, popping up to his feet and grabbing up the empty pot and their dishes, placing them in the sink before rounding back.  He fishes the clock out of the dresser before mumbling something along the line of ‘we’ve got time.’  Dean’s skin prickles at the reminder of their jailer.  The thought dissolves with a blink like it was never even there.  Grabbing Dean’s hand, Cas hauls him to his feet and waits the necessary few seconds for Dean’s dizziness to dissolve before pulling him over to their nicely made bed, “Let’s make this more of an experience, shall we?”
With a sharp burn, the duct tape is suddenly gone, and Dean’s arms collapse at his sides, aching so good at the sudden release.  A low groan rips out of his throat and launches him into a coughing fit as his chest seizes.
Sleeping is weird.  A good weird, though--Dean didn’t know that could exist.  Cas doesn’t say anything when Dean crawls into their shared bed for the night, only shuffles further towards the wall when he feels the mattress dip with Dean’s weight.  The other boy starts out each night with a foot of carefully kept space between them that never fails to make something painful twitch in Dean’s chest.  Dean says goodnight and Cas sometimes responds but doesn’t other times.  He’s found himself leaving the TV on mute more and more.  When the volume’s on, he can’t hear all the tiny human noises Cas makes.  He can’t hear Cas rustle against the sheet, can’t hear the whoosh of air from his nostrils when he sighs, can’t hear the soft snuffle he makes when his silent crying mercifully lulls him to sleep.  And he wants to hear those noises--he wants to hear them all.
Dean turns his eyes back to the sudsy water and away from the red starting to line the kid’s lashes.  Jack had been looking at the clock a lot lately.  Like, somehow, if Luc storming down the stairs doesn’t surprise him everything that follows will hurt less.
Always this--Dean hurting Cas, Dean pushing into Cas.  Never the other way around even though Dean would trade places with the other boy in a heartbeat if it meant he could take away Cas’s pain.  It’s both better and worse on nights like this.
Dean had absolutely no intension of snooping. He didn’t. Once Cas had gone to get some sleep, he had sat down by his brother. That was where he stayed throughout the rest of the night, drifting into unconsciousness occasionally and then waking up an hour or so later. When light began streaming through the closed blinds, Dean blinked and rubbed his eyes, yawned and stretched until he felt he would no longer doze off. His entire body ached. That was what he got for picking a fight with a crazy witch and sleeping a chair. He rubbed his hand across the back of his neck.
Once Indira had placed Rosa softly onto Sam’s upper body without touching him, she stayed next to Sam, sitting on the floor mats instead of jumping into her usual position in the passenger seat. A seat that Sam always insisted he should be able to sit on. Indira always disagreed.
Glass shattered onto the driver’s seat, onto the ground around him. The bonnet, the hood, the tires, what did it even matter when this was heaven? What did it matter if they were completely ruined? All it took was a thought and his Baby would be perfect again cause in heaven you could have anything you wanted.
life – Cas didn’t owe him anything. And now, the hunter was beginning to irritate him. He was not a morning person and he temper was starting to stir. “Tell me what’s going on.”
He swallowed the lump of fear in his throat and whispered, “Not anymore,” He shook his head violently, “I want nothing to do with them…How do you even…?” Castiel didn’t understand at all.
The latter was chosen when Dean began yelling insults and ‘monster’ slipped out of his lips. For a second, Cas saw only red. And it only took that fraction of a second for him to slip up. His magic reacted without him even thinking.
As far as Cas was aware, the man’s body shouldn’t reject his healing technique because he couldn’t feel any magical resistance, so he rolled up the left sleeve of his navy shirt and moved his hand towards his bare chest. But before Cas could so much as get his hand into position, the hunter very suddenly seized his wrist, holding it in a vice like grip, Dean’s wolf snarled viciously in his direction, stopping Cas from putting his hand over the sleeping man’s heart, “What are you doing?” The hunter growled.
The unconscious man, that Castiel had just learned was the hunter’s brother, was now lying shirtless on the bed in his guestroom, his crow daemon by his side. Her black feathers hiding any similar physical effects she may have been suffering. The younger hunter’s shirts had been removed so Cas could see just how far the infection had spread.
He shouldn’t be thinking about how the man before him would look if he really smiled and was, well, a little less covered in blood. Cas imagined that it would light up his whole face. He wondered when the last time Dean smiled genuinely. Hunting is not the kind of occupation that made a person feel happy. It went hand in hand with pain and loss. Not much to smile about in Cas’ book. A sudden desire to make Dean laughed startled him inwardly.
Dean’s head whipped round. His eyes widened and for a moment he said absolutely nothing because burned through the top of his left sleeve was a handprint. A fucking handprint. What the hell?!
As a rule, Cas didn’t like hunters and hunters didn’t like him, though it was more of a species thing than a personal dislike. Although, saying that, a lot of hunter personalities were quite repellent. Stabbing first, questions later - it certainly made it difficult to communicate with them.
Dean nodded but it was more in consideration of but Cas said than an actually admittance that he thought Cas was right.
There was a knock at the front door that sounded more like the person was trying to put their fist through the glass. It certainly got Cas’ attention but he rather thought that that was the entire point. Castiel had no idea of who it was but he believed anyone who wished him harm would probably not make themselves known first. Still, he approached with caution, going through his living room and into the hallway. He could see a figure of a male through the fuzzy glass panel so he unlocked the door and opened it, poking his head round first. His eyes instantly widened and he let the door swing fully open.
Castiel’s eyes flickered open and widened comically, “Dean? Wha-” he reached out to push himself away from the hunter, placing a hand over his shoulder in the process.
There was no saying how long he'd been sitting there, time moving wildly differently to that on earth, but for Dean it felt like only a few minutes since he'd sat before the peaceful air was disturbed by the tell-tale sign of an angel.
He pushed out of his chair and led the way. Maybe Cas wasn’t that bad, maybe he wasn’t lying and maybe, just maybe, everything would be alright.
Dean scooted the wooden chair forward, cringing at the horrid noise it made against the flood. Hopefully that hadn’t disturbed Cas. Reaching forward he ran his fingers down her soft flank and she shifted from her spot to nuzzle her head alongside his.
Dean was not impressed by Cas’ response, or lack of response for that matter. Dean threw himself to his feet, stumbling slightly. He swirled his head to return to stare at his brand new mark, “Seriously what the hell, man?” His eyes were filled with rage as he glowered at the warlock, who Dean could only describe as appearing shell shocked.
“He’ll be fine,” Bobby reiterates; his blunt tone calmed Dean. He sounded so sure that Dean almost believed him. Almost. He’d believe it when he sees it. “I know someone who can help,” he said and then added in afterthought, “Just try not to piss him off.”
Castiel didn’t say anything. If he were honest with himself, he wasn’t sure why he was going to such lengths to help a stranger – a hunter no less. His relationship with Bobby Singer was little more than acquaintance and yet here he was doing him a difficult and trying favour. His mother always said he was too soft and Cas could see that maybe she was right. But he’d take soft over his mother’s more cruel and manipulative nature any day.
Dean kept his expression blank and responded, “Duly noted.” Dean rolled on his feet and Cas watched as he considered his own body, his lips parted in surprise when he felt no pain. His green eyes flickered over to Cas but he said nothing and then just as quickly looked away.
Cas grabbed at a towel and dried his hands. He came over to Dean and held out a hand. “Hello, my name’s Castiel Novak. I’m a warlock and my social skills are a little rusty.”
Dean tried another prayer as he got into his Impala, Cas, come on man, talk to me. I - please, just please Cas. He waited, but exactly how long was impossible to say.
The hunter tried again, but Castiel was ready for him and he knew the only way Dean would tell him what was going on, was if he didn’t have a choice. Evidently, Dean wasn’t using his head and Cas didn’t know how to calm him down. This was the problem with hunters, Cas glowered. Dean was turning out to be no different. He couldn’t believe Bobby had sent him this mess of a man. How had Bobby expected this to go?
Dean didn’t say anything, partly because he didn’t want to talk about it and partly because she was fucking terrifying.
Cas’ stomach dropped. He lurched clumsily away from Dean. He felt sick. How did Dean know that name? He no longer wanted anything to do with them, it why he was avoiding them by refusing to respond to their attempts to contact him, no matter how many times that did so. He’d left Milton behind and adopted Novak as his new identity.
Once Cas had pulled himself together to finally react, he skidded to the hunters side. His heart lurched. Theoretically, there was no way that Dean should be still breathing after all that magic had slammed into him, but it didn’t stop him asking, “Dean?”
“When I channel my magic as I’ve just done for your brother, my hand feels hot to the touch.” Dean snorted but there was no humour in it. “But it’s my magic that burned you,” Cas clears his throat, “I’m unaware of the reason. It wasn’t conscious – I wasn’t truly aware of what was happening. My magic reacted for me and I suppose it was a defence of kind,” Cas gave him an earnest stare, “I truly am sorry.”
“We’ll tell him you're desperate to see him. Don’t worry, idjit, we know. Hell, everyone goddamn knows.”
His margay daemon gazed at him with her massive eyes, which Cas thought could melt even the toughest person’s heart, “I don’t understand,” she finally leapt down off of the table and into the chair next to him, “Why now?”
Just as Dean was about to follow his daemon’s comment up, his phone began to buzz incessantly in his jacket pocket. He took it out, Bobby’s name flashing on screen, “Hey, Bobby,” he answered.
The sizzling of bacon on the oiled pan was the only thing stopping the room from being dead silent. Dean was thankful for it.
“Dean, stay with your brother. He needs you, so you’re gonna stay exactly where you are and suck it up.”
The hunter blinked and took a moment to respond, as if shocked by Cas’ question in some way.  “Um Dean.” He cleared his throat, “Dean Winchester. And that’s Sam,” his voice was guarded, like Cas was tricking him in some way.
Then Castiel’s concerned gaze morphed into something a whole lot more horrified as he found something new to stare at.
Dean’s blood ran cold and neither of them said anything for a few moments. How could he not get involved in this? Hunters were getting ganked and Bobby thought he should just sit here and look pretty. He felt completely useless here with Sam sprawled out unconscious and relying on a warlock to fix him. And Bobby wanted him to stay with Cas until it blew over, however long that lasted, as if he couldn’t protect himself. He stood up, needing to pace because staying still didn’t feel like a viable option, “Bobby-”
“What kind of-” Dean began but when he saw the glare Castiel was giving him, he stopped talking. Maybe he’s realised that antagonising the man healing his brother wasn’t the smartest move.
Indira’s ears were still flattened and a constant rumbling growl sounded from her during the exchange.
Dean couldn’t be mad, well, he knows he could be, but he doesn’t actually care. The very sight of Cas alive and in front of him made that impossible now he’d gotten over the initial shock. “I’m just glad you’re here now, man.” He understood, he’d be a hypocrite if he couldn’t. He was the master of running away from his emotions, that was pretty much the Dean Winchester way. Until now. Cas deserved his honesty and he damn well deserved to be happy.
As the hunter drove, he didn’t know where he was going, just that standing still felt less productive. One single thought was going through his head. Magic had done this to his brother and Dean couldn’t help the feeling in his gut that told him that magic was also the answer.
His thoughts buried him in his own mind, so much so that he barely noticed the plate being placed in front of him on the place mat and he certainly didn’t hear Cas’ question.
Sofia’s tail flicked once, “We shouldn’t trust them,” though her voice was aggressive, her eyes showed nothing but concern. She was right, as far as the warlock was concerned. They didn’t deserve anything from him but his family had always thought themselves entitled and his mother’s male daemon had a way of making him feel incredibly uncomfortable. Thankfully Sofia was nothing like that of his mother’s.
Guilt prickles in his stomach but he forces a reassuring smile to his lips.  Jack already has his arms untucked from the blanket and reaching out for Dean.
Dean’s legs are carrying him to Luc before he can tell them to.  He lowers his eyes slightly, reaching out a soft hand to Luc’s side, trying his damnedest to show that Dean is all Luc’s if the man will just focus on him instead, “Baby, I--”
“Are you kidding me?  That’s the end?” Dean huffs.  A weird empty feeling settles in his stomach and he nuzzles his cheek into Cas’s stomach ‘cause...well, it just feels nice like this, “You mean you don’t know what happens to Castiel and the Righteous Man?  Sure, he saves him but...is that it?  Do they ever see each other again?  They’re soulmates, right?  What kind of idiot finds their soulmate and just goes on their merry freakin’ way after that?”
But the sheriff is nodding, and Mary sniffles somewhere behind them.  Sheriff Mills’s gaze shifts up to Dean, and he’s pretty sure it’s because she can’t look at Jack anymore, “It took a little while for the records to transfer but…” the sheriff sighs, “During the home invasion, Nick Lucien also killed Ms. Kline.  You said in your statement that you thought cops came to Lucien’s door a little bit before your escape.  He got...messy, which is why he was questioned by officers in the first place.  Lucien was a person of interest in Jack and Kelly’s disappearance.  They just didn’t dream that he’d...”
Dean smacks his lips, trying to swallow back the musky taste on his tongue.  His limbs are heavy, like he’s been laying down here (or somewhere) for a while.  It’s fucking heavenly when his neck cracks as he looks over his shoulder at his friend.  Beautiful baby blues are red-rimmed, but it looks like Cas stopped crying some time ago.
He tried to get the other boy to talk the first few days--about himself, about the outside, about Cas’s home, about his favorite superhero, favorite food,
“I got to him, Dean.  That’s why he got angry.  I think I hurt his feelings.  If the Devil can even have feelings.”
With the image of Cas’s blue eyes turned a dead, milky white burning like fire behind his eyelids, Dean does the only thing that comes to mind.  He shoves Luc back.
” Dean lets the wall take his weight again as his heart squeezes like compacted sand in a baby’s little fist, “
He nearly loses himself in the simple feeling of it.  Even the impatient throbs of his dick aren’t enough to distract him.  He’s nearly a puddle lying across his friend when his Cas’s hands slow down almost to a halt.
Cas would call him ‘love’ in that older-than-his-age way of his, he’d say all his feelings because he’s not chickenshit like Dean who can barely stumble over ‘I love you.’  But Cas would say everything and know that Dean’s kisses mean what he can’t say.  Cas would love him anyway.
Cas’s eyes are less fiery when Dean meets them again, but there’s still tightness all over Dean’s body.
?  He’s losing his grip on reality and he’s spiraling--that’s got to be it, right?  Fuck, he’s probably been spiraling longer than he’d like to guess--
“And that’s Dean and Sam all dressed up for Halloween—Dean had made a little friend in Kindergarten who they went trick-or-treating with that year,” Jack giggles but Dean’s stomach is getting a little wonky, “Oh! And this— “
“Dean?” Jack splashes ahead of him a few steps further in the water, “You have to keep moving Dean.  If you stop for too long you can feel the little fishes biting your toes.”
Dean bites at the already misshapen end of the pen and stares down at the last line.  He shakes his head and scribbles it away.  Sammy didn’t need to hear his bitchin’.
Light, familiar hands are gently touching his ass, aided with a warm wet cloth.  Dean sinks into the bed a little more, letting his muscles loosen.
“Dean,” Cas leans in as best they can to scritch his sweaty hair and place a gentle kiss to his cheek, “The mirror is just for fun, love.  If it’s not enjoyable, there’s no point, alright?”  Dean nods, against their hand.
,” Cas whined when it felt like Dean had lapped all the way down to raw nerves.  Dean chuckled and pulled back, adoring gaze turning up to his spouse.
“I’m right here, sweet boy.  So good for Daddy, so obedient and patient,” Castiel beamed down.  How can such a man even exist? A shy smile crooked Dean’s lips and a spark brightened his red-rimmed eyes, “Are you ready to come now?”
“Fuck,” he moans.  Dean’s brain is hazing over fast, too much throbbing in his cock is pulling all the blood from his brain.  How does everything feel loose and tight at the same time?  He wants to stay here forever, hanging in this trippy fog--every sense filled with Cas.
Jack shakes his head, careful not to dislodge Cas’s hand.  His legs squirm and his little-kid features pull into a grimace, “Don’t wanna stand anymore…”
“Colors.  Red, yellow, and green,” Dean chirped, smiling as he repeated the familiar response to the question they started all of their scenes with, “Green means ‘go’, yellow means ‘slow down, Daddy, I need to tell you something”, and red means ‘something is hurting, or I need to stop right away’.”
Dean wipes at his burning eyes with his wrist then runs shaky fingers through Jack’s hair, “I know, Cas. I-I know—”
“I can carry you in if you’re too sleepy, Jack,” Sammy says it all light and nice and Dean might cry for no goddamn reason again if he thinks too much about it.
But the house is silent. No plates clanking in the sink, no classic rock—or Dean singing to classic rock—blaring from any direction.  Only the white noise of the ice machine in their freezer makes itself known.
Dean’s brows furrow.  He...doesn’t entirely remember this.  This woulda only been a few years ago, wouldn’t it?  Has his memory really tanked that much?  There aren’t dates on the pages (surprise surprise), and it wouldn’t’ve really mattered anyway.
The crackle of a throat being cleared shatters all his thoughts and he plummets back down to this miserable planet.
A new roll of tears spills down his mom’s cheeks and Dean can’t take that right now.  He isn’t running on his full fours and he just—he can’t do it right now.  Turning his body to Sammy, Dean gives his baby brother a smile that’s only half forced.  The dude grew up adorable—though he’d probably be annoyed at getting called that—like some super tall, little kid.
“’Kay,” the ex-angel groans.  The tip of his pink tongue darts out across his lips again, “‘M ready.”
Wordlessly, Castielle stands and lets him shrug the car-warmed flannel over her cold shoulders.  The cotton is worn-soft and smells like the green apple shampoo she knows for a fact Dean uses.  She still can’t think of a single word to say as Dean fusses with the overshirt, buttoning the bottom half until she's completely covered from mid-thigh to belly button.  His little, pink tongue pokes out between his lips as he rolls the slightly-too-long sleeve cuffs up to her elbow.  Once he’s finished, he claps his hands, eyes twinkling.
. Do you believe me?”  Cas’s cheeks are almost colorless, and Dean prays that it’s not from blood loss, “Can you nod if you understand me, Cas?”
There’s a soft knock on the door that shakes Dean out of his head—but at least it isn’t slamming steel.  And it never will be again.
Should she believe him? It’s kind of a lie but also isn’t.  He’d never have done any of that shit if Luc hadn’t chucked his whole reality out of the fucking window—but it was still Dean’s body causing Jack’s pain.  Did that count?  Surely it does, right?
Even the pounding heartbeat in his head doesn’t stop his whole body from snapping to attention.  He’s out of his bed like a shot, dizzy and woozy and probably gonna throw up when the adrenaline fizzles out but who gives a shit?
“Such a polite boy,” Castiel undid the gunmetal buckle of the soft, leather collar and delicately slipped it around Dean’s neck.  His baby boy’s face split into a wide grin when, as soon as it he’d secured the buckle, Castiel gave a little tug.  He shifted the collar to hug Dean’s Adam’s apple, creating the slightest amount of pressure whenever Dean swallowed, “So beautiful.”
Any and all thoughts go up in smoke when Cas starts to push in, all the way until the ungodly smooth head pops into Dean.  His hole may be gaping, but the stretch still steals his breath as his hands grab for Cas’s shoulders.
“You’re so beautiful, love,” Castiel hummed, nosing at Dean’s jaw.  He snaked a hand between them, making slow figure-eights with the base of the plug, pulling another wet gasp from the plush lips by his ear, “Do you feel all the tingles inside of you, buzzing around and making my baby’s cock nice and hard for me?”
cry over this.  She looks fine.  No one can tell.   They can’t.  No one knows what she is, even if they look at her they’ll probably just think she's a normal girl--just like the ones Dean gets turned on by even if it couldn’t be further from the truth…
Dean groaned and Castiel’s hands held him firmly in place when his hips twitched forward.  Castiel nosed over the growing bulge, placing kisses down and then back up his panty-covered length.  Castiel teased down the top of the panties with his teeth, exposing Dean’s leaking cockhead. He swirled the flat of his tongue over it before digging into the slit with just the tip.
Even now, how is it so easy for Cas to just go right out there and say all the smooshy, gooey stuff that Dean only ever thinks.  He scratches at his burning cheeks, “Heh.  Alright, weirdo,”
“Oh my God, Cas—” Dean’s dizzy for a half second when he jolts upright to hover over where Cas is stock-still in his lap, “Shit, shit—I’m so sorry I didn’t mean to—”
.  Castiel’s eyes dropped down to the walking wet dream kneeling between his legs.  Brilliant, kind, mesmerizing green eyes looked up at him like he hung the moon.  Dean nuzzled his cheek against his Daddy’s thigh, and moaned against him like
“Weakest?!” How could he say that? At his ‘weakest’ he’d given Dean an agonising burn. That didn’t sound weak to him. But sure, whatever he said.
“I think we got off on the wrong foot. I would like to remedy that, if you’ll allow it,” Cas said slowly. It sounded unsure to Dean’s ears and Dean made no comments which Cas seemed to take as a confirmation to continue. “I’ve not been the best host. You are, after all, my guest and I want us to get along, at least until you can leave with you brother. I know you don’t want to be here but whilst you are here, I believe it would be better was us to try and work out our differences. If we can’t do that, we’ll just have to avoid each other best we can,” he began to ramble but Dean didn’t stop him as he wasn’t quite ready to talk.
Cas just stares, but this time his eyes wide and wet, the steely exterior non-existent. “Dean, I thought you said I was like a brother to you?”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” and he was. “What’s wrong?” Cas asked urgently, “What do you think I’ve done?” He spared a glance at the brother he’d yet to meet conscious. Dean seemed to suddenly remember he’d been furious at Cas and tried to push him away but his body wasn’t quite ready for movement and Cas barely felt a small nudge. “Dean, listen to me, I can heal you but you’ve got to tell me what’s happened since I saw you last night,” he reached out to stop Dean toppling to the side. How was he still functioning?
Absentmindedly, Cas stroked a hand down her back, her tawny yellow fur sliding smoothly between his fingers, “I imagine we’ll find out soon enough.”
“No. But your insensitivity to magic as you went blindly through my wards, caused my concentration to slip,” Cas carefully hopped over the mess on the floor and grabbed the brush out of one of the cupboards and began to sweep up. Sofia stayed perched near Dean’s daemon.
“I’ll purchase more,” he would just have to make do for now. He didn’t bother mentioning that Sam may need them. It would feel cruel. Cas imagined he would have to spend some time trying to make sure that when he separated the flowers from the tiny shards of glass that there was no more glass to be found on the plant. He missed the slightly guilty look passed over Dean’s face.
Dean tangled his hands into Cas’ trench coat as Cas brought his hands up, one to cup at Dean’s face and the other to wrap around the back of Dean’s neck. He gasped into the scorching heat that was Cas’ mouth and the angel growled in response, pressing himself closer as if he couldn’t get enough, the hand on his face wandering down to grip tightly on his hip. He could feel what could only be the angel’s grace spark between them and he knew without a single shred of doubt that Cas had ruined him for everyone else. And he was perfectly fine with that.
He was perched on a stool in Heaven’s replica of Ellen and Joe’s Roadhouse, one of the first places he’d been after finding himself, or rather imagining himself, a home. He was now a regular since it turned out home didn’t really feel like home when he couldn’t share it with Cas.
Cas’s roaming hand drops to his waist, playing with the denim loops and soft leather belt Dean’s owned for the last fifteen years.  They guide Dean’s hips a few inches closer.
Luc growls and jerks Dean back to face him, crashing their lips together.  He bites and pulls at the Dean’s bottom lip until the boy can taste copper.  The man winds a possessive hand into his hair and tilts his neck back to grind marks into the already-mottled, soft skin of Dean’s neck.
Cas dropped another smattering of kisses to the perfect, soft expanse of Dean’s belly before using their grip on Dean’s waist to stand back up.  Dean held their elbows steady as they did, pulling Cas’s tired weight into his chest and wrapping arms around their ribs.  Cas’s hands rested lazily on Dean’s pecs, fingers tracing over a skillfully-done tattoo.
“You can’t see out of your left eye properly, Dean, because of what that man has done to you.  And you walk with a
Face numb and sore at the same time, Dean slumps away from his mess as soon as the waves of nausea taper down to little rolls.  The world comes into focus again, and voices filter back into his cotton-stuffed brain.
It took only a moment to find what he was looking for; a jar of rare purple flowers that in the world of magic were associated with healing. Making mild healing substances, amongst others things, were how Cas made a living. This was his last jar and as far as Cas could tell, no one was selling. His usual supplier had told him that they wouldn’t be available for another few weeks.
Reluctantly and with a string of curses at both the situation and the pain, Dean lifted Cas into his arms. This was not how he had pictured spending his Friday night. His Friday night plans had had a little less warlock and a whole lot more women. But this, apparently, was his life.
Bobby sighed, “Hunters are dropping like flies. They disappear and then they turn up dead a couple days later. I don’t want either of you boys getting yourself involved so you stay with Castiel until this all blows over.” It sounded like Bobby was flicking through the pages of a book.
He’d offered to help out but Cas refused and told him to sit down. Neither of them had spoken, waiting for the other to make the first move. Dean was vividly aware he should apologise, he’d just never been very good at it. Sorry had wedged itself into his throat and was making it difficult to breathe, much less talk.
It seemed like it was Dean’s turn to do something dramatic. He didn’t have time to prepare for pain because it was a sudden, unexpected white hot burning on his shoulder. He couldn’t think - his only response was to scream. He was only vaguely aware of his daemon whining and someone shouting his name. Later he realised it must have been Cas.
Having Castiel tell him that he had nothing to do with them did nothing to make him feel better because that wasn’t the issue – the damage had already been done. He remembered the bright light of hope that he’d felt and then the crushing weight of the lie they’d been sold and the inevitable tragedy that followed. It didn’t matter that Cas was not responsible because it was no longer Cas he was upset with.
There was an uncomfortable pause in conversation and Cas noticed Dean playing with the sleeves of his dirty plaid shirt. The hunter’s mouth twitched several times as if he if were about to say something before stopping himself and deciding against it. And then finally after a few minutes, “Hope, ah, hope those flowery things aren’t too important,”
Castiel knew she wasn’t referring to his mild annoyance with her behaviour but rather a recent email. He had no answer for why his mother had decided after years of radio silence to suddenly get into contact. She’d kicked him out when he rejected their lifestyle and beliefs and hadn’t heard from his family since. He was only in contact with one of his siblings and that was how Castiel preferred it. He seriously doubted they had changed.
“That’s my boy,” Cas says.  Kissing their way back up to his waist, Cas starts a gentle slide of their fingers again.  An equally tiny moan flies from Dean’s lips at the motion.  Cas scissors their fingers, stretching the smooth muscles until Dean is pushing back and trying to take them deeper, “Are you ready for three fingers now?”
Dean’s smile widens even more as he quickly hops off the bed and throws open the ‘special’ box he’d specially packed that morning.  With his cardboard treasure in hand, he climbs back up to sit across his friend’s thick (
’ sounds out of Dean that ring in Cas’s ears.  When their finger finally dips in up to the first knuckle, the searing, contracting heat engulfing their digit sends arousal coursing into their veins.
, Cas’s hands lower back down to curve over Dean’s backside.  His friend’s palms are warm and a little sweaty and everything south of the border fucking tingles like nothing else.  It feels good and close and loving when Dean keeps his mind in the present.  After a moment or two of loose cupping without Dean flipping his shit, Cas’s confidence seems bolstered and his fingers start back up on that whole massage-thing he’d been doing.  Dean buries a groan in the pillow beside Cas’s head as he pulses between his legs, hips grinding down much to both of their delight.
He’s not thrilled about letting his mom and Sammy out of his sight now either—but nothing is weighing out over the need to see his best friend, his fucking
“I’m right here, Dean,” Dean feels his shaking palms being brought up to the angel’s bare chest, “Copy my breathing pattern: in...out…in...out...”
Cas startles then both, laughter bubbling from his somewhat scratchy throat.  He claps a hand over his mouth like he just cussed or something, but even that can’t keep in the jittery laughter brightening his face and making his chest stutter against Jack’s head.  It’s the kind of laugh that doesn’t break for even a second, and a dude can’t be blamed for pulling Cas’s hand away to show off that pretty smile to the room.  Suddenly, Cas is swooping one arm around Dean’s shoulders with a bone-crushing squeeze that has Dean worried about Cas popping a stitch for the two seconds it lasts.  He presses his smile into the crook of Dean’s neck, warm puffs of laughter sending happy little tingles across Dean’s skin.
Cas looks...happy.  It’s not that he’s even smiling, but his eyes are somehow brighter.  How can he be so goddamn happy after Dean ra--
Hands gliding over the smooth plastic wrap of the album, his fingertips only brush the windows and bricks and letters like they’ll dissolve into nothing if he’s not gentle.  Turning the plastic case over, he mouths along as he reads the list of songs and—shit, okay.  Not gonna cry.  Not gonna cry.
” Dean’s hips bucked up sharply and he thrashed in place as Castiel continued his choreographed assault.
Dean settled against Castiel’s t-shirt covered chest, resting his head at his daddy's collarbone and Castiel grabbed up the hummus and pita chips first off the nightstand.  He dipped and fed chips to the both of them, cooing as Dean nibbled happily at the coated pieces Castiel gave him.
Unyielding arms wrap around his waist and drag him back a step to Luc’s wide chest.  A quick tongue slithers out across the back of his neck and goosebumps breakout down his arms.
The sun has risen now, and every muscle in his body aches.  His bound arms started getting sore and tingly long ago, and he’s pretty sure his chest and stomach are going to be black and blue because, apparently, Luc wouldn’t know smooth driving if it bit him in the ass.  But that’s just pain.  That’s just weakness leaving the body.  What hurts like a mother is that not one tiny piece of a plan has formed in Dean’s brain, and even through the duct tape, Jack’s small groans are making Dean feel like shit.  He’s supposed to be getting them out of this, but it’s taking all his effort not to throw up all over this weird, rubbery floor as this speeding death trap rumbles beneath them.
When a rogue tear slips down Mom’s face before she can brush it away, the wrench in Dean’s stomach twists a little tighter.
The impractical, disgustingly sentimental side of Dean wants to stay all sheathed and protected in Cas like this forever--but he doesn’t want Cas to be sore in the morning so he slips out, immediately missing the warmth.  He kisses Cas, whose blinks are getting droopier, with a sated smile and reaches for a Kleenex from the same drawer the lube was in.  He tucks both items away again and pulls their boxers back up--they’ll definitely have to do some laundry in the morning.
“Did you like sucking Daddy off?  You like watching Daddy’s face when I come on your pretty tongue?”
Flopping his face to the side, where traces of light from the world outside flash and slide over Jack’s skin.  There are tear tracks that shine in the light, too.  His eyes are scrunched closed, his brow furrowed.  A glance towards the rearview mirror shows Luc jerking his head along to whatever song is vibrating throughout the metal frame of the van like they’re in the belly of some giant monster.
Sammy hesitates a second like he doesn’t want to miss out on any of the action before slipping off down the hallway.
“Well, wee one,” Charlie fishes her phone from her back pocket, tapping at the screen for a hot minute before turning it to Dean.  Dean just about passes out from all of the blood flowing southward in an instant.
Jack looked like an exact melding of Dean and Cas with features like Cas’s but coloring like Dean’s--though it was very likely his hair would get darker since Cas had been blonde as a child, too.  Kaia seemed to get her raven hair and warmer skin tone from wherever in the Shurley gene pool Cas’s sister, Duma, got hers.  Looks aside, Dean did so love to point out that baby Jack already had some of Cas’s mannerisms, and in turn Cas would tease about how Kaia was already as stubborn as Dean.
“Y-Yeah I, heh, sorry--” Cas shoots him a look at the ‘s’ word and Dean licks his lips, “I mean, yeah you did.”
Chuckling, Castiel threads deft fingers into sandy locks, and cradles her head to look up at him, “Always my good little princess, aren’t you?”  He captures her lips once again, nibbling and laving tiny kitten licks wherever he can, “So good for Daddy.”
Dean’s trying to call up the layout of the hallways.  Were there any fire exits?  Hidden stairwells?  How fast can he run while holding Jack?  Maybe he could blast past the Shurleys and yank Cas out of here, too—
“Dean…” the other boy’s tone is already resigned, but now that the wheels in his head have started turning Dean’s actually starting to like this idea.
Cas maybe doesn’t mind so much that Dean doesn’t remember, but Dean wants to stick a butter knife to his goddamn heart whenever he sees a bruise or a bitemark and he doesn’t know if he did that or Luc.  Cas always tells him it was Luc...but Dean doesn’t always believe him.
A new wave of tingles wiggled their way across Castiel’s nerves when he realized what his baby boy was trying to direct him toward.
“You’re gonna kill me.  You know that right?” he gives her thigh a playful smack as she draws back with that smugness that kinda makes his knees weak, “Now get your cute ass up front and get a map going so we can get the hell out of this park.”
“Oh, I--” his friend’s face is ashen and drained in a way Dean can only remember seeing the night they met, “I-I’m so sorry, Dean...I didn’t mean to…” Cas’s breathing picks up into little hitches that have Dean’s eyes widening as the boy’s hand comes up to clutch his shaking chest.  His nails leave white indents in his skin, “I-I thought you wanted to--”
May is laughing as she appears like magic from around a stack of boxes.  A thick photo album is cradled in her arms, open to the later pages.
...” the boy’s voice shatters on the last word and his body buckles in on itself until he’s draped over his crisscrossed legs.
now), and dropping Cas off at the Olathe station on his way to work.  Work that Dean is loving, by the way.  Getting to fix things, work with his hands, it’s just the kind of total-body activity that gets his blood going and pulls him out of his head for a while—in a word, it’s perfect.  His favorite thing, though, above all the details is the new independence working their bottom-rung jobs gives them, including the freedom to make rent on their own place.
He moves to kiss the flush that blossoms on freckled cheeks.  Dean chuckles, “I thought this was supposed to be apology?  You goin’ soft on me or something, sunshine?”
“There we go,” Castiel murmurs against Dean’s rough cheek, wringing out the last of the aftershocks until the taller man’s hips twitch in oversensitivity.  He dots kisses on Dean’s slackened features, first over the constellation of his freckles and then at the soft, outer corner of each fluttering eyelid.
of Luc’s fist hitting Cas’s jaw has Dean’s stomach doing a wet roll. Cas’s body crumples as Jack’s had, with a gargled moan.  Why can’t Dean move?  His best friend needs him!  How can Cas be so brave, and Dean be so...
“Just...just promise me that we’re done with the self-sacrificing bullshit?” He swallows roughly, “Promise me you’ll take care of yourself a-and, y’know, come back home after whatever stupid, suicide mission we go on next.  I just...I want--
Cas’s tongue does that curvy little thing just under the bolt of Dean’s jaw, and a heavy rasp that makes Dean’s
Cas pushed away from the counter and walked backwards toward the kitchen chairs, guiding Dean along with firm hands and soothing thumb strokes.  With a floaty sigh, Cas sat down onto one of the wooden chairs, pulling Dean to stand in the ‘V’ of their knees.  Relief coursed through their leg muscles.
In a manner of seconds, him and Sammy have shoved the bed out of the doorway, and Dean sprints past his wide-eyed mother.
“What kind of scene?” His spouse licks their own lips, not even close to subtle as they look hungrily at Dean’s mouth before their eyes drift back up.
“Just...I need you to tell me I’m okay,” Sammy’s eyes are bright even in the dark room, the sun now fully set and only the streetlights casting beams across his face, “Tell me it’s okay.”
Cas’s chuckle is deep and whiskey-warm in Dean’s ears.  They lean in a little closer to Dean, one foot moving from the rung on their barstool over to Dean’s, lining their calf with Dean’s in a way that has his palms sweating even more.
Dean sighs as the tightness in his stomach dissolves, hand eagerly closing the distance and wrapping around the searing hardness of his friend.  Cas gasps, arms tightening where they’re wrapped around Dean.
The once-in-a-blue-moon times that they ever mention all this shit outside of the Playroom, Cas has said that he’s glad Dean doesn’t remember what happens.  He says that since Dean forgets Cas can too--in his own way.  Because if Dean doesn’t know then it never really happened, right?
Still a little hazy, the sight is almost tooth-rottingly sweet, but Dean lets it wash over him, lets it all soak into his skin.
“I bet you beg Dean to fuck you all the time when I’m not here.  Don’t you!” Luc hisses, another seven slaps raining down up Cas’s pinkening backside, “I bet you beg for him to come inside you so you’re never empty.  But maybe…”
“I’m a reasonable man,” Castiel shrugs, lip twitching up at the corner, “If I make you orgasm, the probability of you staying and cuddling with me for longer increases exponentially.”
Dean shivers and his legs feel like they’re about to buckle so he obeys.  He doesn’t have the heart to look at Cas’s eyes though he can feel them peering holes through him.
”  He screams at this thing pretending to be a human being.  Dean’s face is numb even though every other part of him feels like it’s on fire and he’s not even sure if he’ll remember any of this later.  He hopes he doesn’t, “I have
Castiel felt his entire face break into a grin that Dean would usually call ‘gummy.’  He reached out with both hands to card through his baby’s dark blond strands.  Dean’s eyes slipped peacefully closed, his whole body going loose enough to let Castiel cradle the weight of his head.
“Mmm,” Dean rubs his fists into his eyes in the same way Jack had done seconds before and hums, “That time already?”
“W-Why do we ever get out of bed?” Dean huffs into Cas’s shoulder.  He can feel the ex-angel smirking against his temple, “Seriously...think we’ve earned it...no more scary, dangerous crap tryin’ kill us…”
Sinking to the cool concrete, Dean lets his exhausted limbs and squeezing ribs finally go limp.  From down here, he can stay by Cas if the other boy needs him, but Cas won’t even have to acknowledge Dean’s existence.  This is where Dean belongs.
“Please don’t leave me, Cas,” Dean whispers into soft, ruffled hair.  Sleep-steady breaths continue to puff across his chest.
“Perhaps, but this is just what we do.  This is how we make the world a better place.  How we save it,” Cas’s fingers thread through his sweaty hair, his other arm secure around the hunter’s shoulders.
“You make a good point,” Cas says, “Mother was weird about some things and not about others.  I’m sure she had her reasons--I just never could figure what they were.
Cas grabs their well-loved plastic jar out from the bedside drawer and sets it by their waists.  He taps the hunter’s rolling hips out of the way to snake his own hand between them.  Beneath Dean, Cas shudders as his freshly-lubed fingers circle his rim.  Dean’s skin buzzes as he watches those digits prod at the still-loose skin.  Cas’s eyes flutter and he licks his lips.
“Cas, hey...please,” Dean tries to wrap an arm around his shaking friend, but the ball of Cas’s body just draws in tighter, “don’t cry, I’m sor--”
Mary comes down the stairs with a pep in her step Dean hasn’t seen yet.  She joyfully gets the coffee going, joyfully lays out a towel by the sink before she starts on the big dishes that don’t fit well in the dishwasher, then joyfully kisses the side of Dean’s hide with a ‘Mornin’, hon’ that is so natural and so weird and so fucking awesome that Dean melts as much as the butter on his third round of toast.
Dean’s hand is wrapped around himself in an instant, sliding and stroking with the assistance of the extra lube and Cas’s slick.  His other hand twitches where it clutches Cas and they snake their own out to entwine their fingers with Dean’s.  His eyes sag, cheeks practically glowing.  He squeezes their hand tight.
Dean nodded and dove in for another soothing kiss that rocked both of their mouths together in a searing rhythm.  Cas’s hand crept back down to the hard line nudging at his hip.  Dean moaned low in Cas’s ear when their hand dipped below the waistband and wrapped around their husband.  Cas felt a delicious throb between their legs and groaned.  They kissed at the bolt of  their husband’s jaw until Dean dove for their lips once again. Cas squeezed their thighs together when another jolt sizzled down their spine.  God, they missed this.
Pushing up to his feet, Dean hoists Jack a little higher into his arms.  The kid is wrapped tight around himself, hugging his own ribs and not making any move to grab onto Dean like he usually would.  Panic blares in his ears but he can’t freak out if he wants Jack to stop freaking out.  He’s gotta be as calm and cool as Cas would be.  Fuck, he wishes Cas were here.
Dean’s not necessarily surprised by that response.  There’s a fuck ton to be scared of day to day.  He moves one hand to card fingers in his friend’s hair, “Yeah?”
Luc sighs into Dean’s hair and the man tilts his head back up.  He can practically feel the cockiness dripping from Luc’s words as he says, “That, Dean, is just the beginning of your big surprise.”
Luc ducks down, capturing Dean’s mouth with his own and prodding at his lips until his Dean’s jaw goes slack.  When he’s gotten what he wanted, Luc tosses Dean the grocery bag and turns his steely eyes to Cas.  Holding out his arms wide open, he smirks.
When Dean looks over his shoulder the jackass is already moving across the beach, out of earshot, and glancing warily over his shoulder.  He glares with laser beam focus on the retreating form before turning softer eyes to Cas.  She’s not shaking or anything like that, but her fingers keep flexing around the paper dish and her breath is coming more quickly than it had been before.
Castiel smirks against her skin, hammering relentlessly at that familiar place inside her that rips the most beautiful noises from her throat.  Little
A wash of relief floods Dean’s system, but it doesn’t last long.  A fresh batch of worries and panic and...
Cas wraps their calves around hairy thighs, urging Dean in farther until he’s bottoming out.  Their whole-body clenches around him and draws a beautiful groan from his lips.  His hips make stuttering thrusts that slide like velvet inside them.
Dean can’t see more than a foot or so in front of him clearly, everything else dim in the moonlight shining in from the windows by a kitchen table.  But his friend’s eyes are somehow even brighter in the bluish light when they meet his.  There’s so much there that Dean can’t even begin unpacking all the thoughts he knows are rioting behind baby blues.  He wants to kiss and hug those worries away, but since these are literally the two things he can’t do right now, the least he can do is not add to those worries.
“Look at us, Cas!” Dean snaps because every second he looks at Jack a new way Luc will brutalize that tiny body pops into his head and there’s not a goddamn thing he can do to stop it, “What the hell are we, huh? Since when the fuck have we have had control over any of this?  We can’t
The silicone cock rests in the dip between his thigh and his own rigid length.  It almost tricks his endorphin-addled brain with the way the smooth material is hot from being tucked tight in Cas’s pants all night.
Jack shrugs again.  How is the kid so goddamn nonchalant about this?  Doesn’t it make his stomach feel all twisty and cramped up, too?  Dean’s eyes drop back down to the sink, staring at the two remaining mugs rolling around at the bottom.  They shimmer a little under the murky water whenever they catch the dim overhead light.  They’re kinda pretty and Dean wants to watch them dance.
“Oh, Dean,” Cas sighs, and the spasm Dean feels against him from the other boy’s chest is unmistakable.
If Cas feels the same way, or even feels somewhat the same...maybe it’s worth the risk?  In his mind’s eye, Dean replays every detail of their day.  When he had rubbed sunscreen on her back...was she blushing because it was
“So, what the fuck is he supposed to do, huh?” Dean bites, Jack whimpers but Dean can’t reel much of anything in yet, “He’s just been through a hell you can’t even fucking imagine, his mom dies, and—what?  He’s just supposed to fuck off into the wind?
Except they aren’t.  They’re not in that rotting pit anymore.  Dean’s somehow holding Jack and Cas while his mom, brother, and a sea of all the other humans are waiting for them not ten feet away.
With ninja like skills, Cas slips them out of both t-shirt and flannel, barely breaking the contact.
Padding downstairs like he’s ready for a dragon to be curled up, asleep on the hard-soft linoleum, Dean hardly makes a sound.  The light clinking and giggling gets louder, fuller as he gets closer, turning into the mini hallway that leads into the kitchen.  He stops just off the doorway, his breath catching in his throat.
Charlie almost startles from her thoughts, slipping back into that easy smile she’s had for all the years Dean’s known her.  They both sigh at their first cool sips before leaning back against the picnic table.
“Shh, shhh, I’m so sorry, buddy.  I’m so sorry,” Dean murmurs right against Jack’s ear, hoping his words can slip through the cracks of whatever walls Jack’s brain is throwing up to protect itself.  Starting up a slow walk from one side of the small room and back, Dean mumbles, “
Sammy swirls his spoon in an overly casual way, but Dean clocks the tenseness in the kid’s shoulders in a second.  He’s nothing if not a master of reading shoulders and all the little things they say without saying.  He’s not quite sure what exactly makes Sammy weird about this topic—oh God, he hasn’t been getting any bullshit, disgusting ideas from their mom has he?
A white-hot thing like rage lights up Dean’s spine.  He wants to kill Luc and kill whoever woulda made Cas worried about something like that.  Is the whole world fucking nuts?  Why would anyone ever think that sons of bitches like Luc deserved that kind of power over someone else’s life?
“Can I, uh, can I kiss you then we get this show on the road?  I just...kinda want to go for it before I chicken out.”
“Yes, sweet boy?” He purred—there was no better description of the rumbly quality his voice always seemed to take on when he pleasured Dean with his mouth.  He held his baby’s eye and licked the bead of pre-come from the corner of his mouth, “Mmmm, you taste so good on my lips.”
Dean’s deft fingers snaked under Cas’s oversized t-shirt and rubbed circles at the small of their back.
A cool feeling washes through Dean’s veins, and he finds that even his sticky, sweaty hands un-ball a little from Sammy’s shirt.
“There we go, there we go,” Dean hums, dotting kisses in Cas’s hair simply because he can now, “Did such a good job, Cas.  So good for me, buddy.”
A small kiss that ends in an even smaller smile is pressed to Dean’s cheek and Cas nods, rubbing his rough stubble against Dean.
Dean pointedly ignores Cas’s amused huff as the boy who’s not really a boy anymore sets down the smooth boxes in hand.  Careful enough not to jostle Jack, Cas lowers down to the couch, pulling Dean’s whole body in until his head is resting on Cas’s shoulder.
The kisses don’t stop, and suddenly that warm hand palming him and rocking them together starts traveling again.  The touch isn’t as hesitant or testing as before, though still slow and careful—but there isn’t an inch of doubt.  Then, for the third time, the wet pads of fingers are touching him again and Dean frowns in relief.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” without hesitation, his hands shoot out to hold Cas’s now-clammy ones, “It’s nothing like that, alright? I wanted to do that--fuck, I
On what will be Cas’s sixth day in bed, Dean's eyes roll open expecting to see his friend’s broadening shoulders across from him.  But all he sees is the slate gray wall with all its pock marks and flaws.
Now Cassie likes to think he’s all big and bad--and I'll admit he’s got a feisty side to him.  But…” Luc leans in close to the kid and Dean’s pretty sure Cas is 0.5 seconds from trying to claw the man’s eyes out when Jack shudders and tries not to scrunch away, “deep down he’s just a bitch in heat.  Just wait ‘til you hear him moan, Jack--it’s fucking
It had been Dean’s hard-learned, and fiercely ingrained independence that had him uncomfortable with the idea of trying out any kind of dominant/submissive dynamic in the bedroom at first.  Castiel had first suggested the idea after noticing how much Dean enjoyed being held down during any form of intimacy, and the sheer bliss Dean had experienced when they decided to try out handcuffs as a way to celebrate their eight-year anniversary.  After
Dean cried out, a tiny sob making his body shake at the lost contact.  His hips stuttered in the air, and Castiel knew without even looking down that his baby’s cock was an angry, denied scarlet.  Dean pulled him in impossibly closer, and he draped himself over his baby, pressing legs together in a way that leaves all sensitive parts devoid of contact.
story, Cas?” Cas only gives a questioning head tilt which means Dean won’t be getting any helpful details out of him, so he waves a dismissive hand, “Kinda explains a lot actually.  Alright, go on.”
“God, Cas.  Don’t think I can wait another month to do that,” Dean sighed, bringing his arms up to wrap around Cas’s shoulders, “Can’t believe we lasted--what was it?
“Just stay still, okay?  ‘M gonna tell him you’re sick.  He’ll leave you be--he won’t want to catch whatever you’ve got,” Dean whispers.  Before he can hold himself back, he drops a kiss to the crown of Cas’s fluffy hair.
“It’s okay, Jack,” Cas whispers against the fluff of the kid’s hair, though Dean isn’t sure if the whispering is because he thinks Dean is sleeping or because Jack is.  Jack’s soft lids are closed, a small furrow between his brows.  He snuffles and Cas rubs a light hand over the kid’s cheek, gently avoiding the dark, swollen spots Luc had dished out on him last night since he was still in a shitty mood.  Dean feels a squeeze in his chest.
Sighing, he pushes the strand right back out of the way after it slowly falls back down.  He tosses back the blanket and sits up, embracing the dizziness until it dissolves before standing up.  He tucks his hard length into the waistband of his boxers and shifts the fabric back in place from where it had moved in his sleep.  Slipping his t-shirt back on, he pads over to the counter cabinets and fishes the cereal out, grabbing a bowl and a spoon off the towel by the sink.  Lastly, he pours the bowl half full so there are still a few breakfasts left for him and his friend and sits at the table.  His ass twinges when he shifts on the chair, but the thought is banished before he’s even taken his first bite.
Castiel tosses his napkin onto his plate once he’s finished and Deanna’s whole body perks up.  She makes to get up and follow his lead though a quarter of her food has yet to be eaten.
’ before kissing the crown of Castiel’s head and popping right back out the door.  However, that had hardly stopped Castiel from taking a second to admire the glorious curve of Dean’s ass in worn-soft jeans as he left.  Not even the Second Coming of Christ could stop Castiel from watching that man exit a room.
Dean’s heart clenches painfully beneath his ribs.  Something snarling and mean rears its head, twisting his insides and trying to push up what little of his dinner remains.
It’s an almost painful kind of frustration when Cas’s fingers slow down to a stop.  He can only get a grunt of protest out before a fresh surge of kissing blanks out his mind and he squeezes around the digits still filling him.
Cas’s complete silence on wanting to escape is a frog Dean will eat another day.  Right now, there’s only one thing that he wants.
After washing their hands and switching off the bathroom light, Cas and Dean made their way back to the dark of the bedroom--only the blue-ish glow of moonlight to keep them from tripping over the dirty clothes littering the floor.  With both their arms woven around the other’s waist, they sidled up to the twins’ bassinets.  Both stooped slightly over to better see the graceful details of the twins’ faces.
Dean’s setting the last of the dishes onto the drying towel laid out next to the sink when the ceiling rumbles.  Luc is here.
He’s full, full of Cas and if that isn’t the best feeling in the whole world Dean doesn’t know what is.  Much to his complete fucking surprise, he can’t remember more than a minute ago, let alone years and everything is blissfully quiet—apart from the pretty little noises Cas is making and the ones falling from his own slack lips.  There’s no Luc because this, what they’re doing together is good, right.  It’s fucking perfect.
Their hands work down to buttons of Dean’s flannel overshirt, thumbing each one undone as Dean continues sucking at their neck.  On the last button, Cas brushes their fingers against the straining line of his cock and are rewarded with the vibrations of a whimper against their throat.  Cas pushes the shirt to the ground and Dean is forced to dislodge when they both pull the plain undershirt over his head.  His lips are spit-slick and panting, glazed eyes zeroed in on Cas as they Cas shuck their Henley to the ground.  Cas’s skin prickles as forest green eyes rake over their torso.  Suddenly, they’re painfully aware of the stretch marks, surgery scars, and small hills of their chest that the sports bras they’ve had to start wearing again do little to hide without a shirt.  Cas forces a playful smile to their lips, trying to redirect his attention by lifting his chin up with their fingertips.
The man sticks out a petulant lower lip before his face splits back into that shit-eating grin.  He strides over to Cas and wraps rough arms around the boy’s smaller frame.  After a beat, Cas hugs back.
The distressed whine Deanna lets out is so realistic and, for a minute, Castiel almost forgets that they ’re scening.  His hips slow down and Castiel has to stop himself from immediately pulling out so as not to give her any sort of mental whiplash. The spell is broken, however, when she starts pushing back against him, sighing, and moving her own hips to take more.
Suddenly the door clicks open...swinging inward with a crest of harsh hallway light.  Garth’s smiling face pops in and Dean’s cheeks heat up.  Oh.  The door opens inward.
That’s...not what Dean is expecting.  But it also kind of is.  Either way, Dean can’t help the way his eyes snap up to Cas’s.  The other looks...fuck he almost doesn’t even look human.  Except the fear.  The fear looks very human on Cas.  And he looks scared of...Dean?  Guilt instantly floods Dean’s veins and he rubs one slightly sticky hand over Cas’s thin bicep.
,” Dean sighs, whining a little when Cas removes their fingers to slather on copious amounts of lube.
Mary doesn’t say anything else, but Dean won’t let her off that easy.  If she’s not gonna say shit, she’s gonna have to not say shit with him glaring at her the whole time.
“Daddy?” Dean murmured.  Castiel’s soiled clothes joined the small avalanche of items on the floor and he fished clean boxers out of the dresser for himself, then grabbed a pair of cute briefs with dinosaurs on them for his baby.
For maybe the hundredth time Dean flops his head back and forth, trying to catch a glimpse of something—anything that could help.  A screwdriver that rolled under the driver’s seat, a piece of metal from whatever used to be kept in this truck before Luc got his mitts on it—it just needs to be able to cut through duct tape.  But a box-cutter hasn’t magically transported itself into his line of sight, so nothing’s changed.  The shithead cleaned the whole back compartment out and there’s not a single thing Dean has to work with.  Fucking zip.
One of Dean’s hands falls slightly from his friend’s hip to the waistband of his sweatpants.  He knows Cas’s silent answer to his silent question if the little push of their hips is anything to go by.  But each time he asks there’s always the chance that it’ll be the one time Cas connects the dots.  The time Cas realizes that the hand that had held down his throat in the Playroom is the same one asking to touch him.  The time Cas finally gets it and pushes Dean away for being the slut he is--
“Yes,” Sheriff Mills smiles, “Your friend is out of surgery and the doctors say everything went off without a hitch,” Dean’s eyes burn for a whole new reason now, and he exhales around a wet laugh.  Then her smile dips a little bit, “That’s the good news.”
“This is the ‘experience’ part of the present, Dean,” Lazily opening his eyes, Dean’s heart squeezes at the face looking down at him.  Heaven.
Sometimes Dean wants to die.  He imagines closing his eyes one night with the headphones on and Robert or maybe Ozzy or any of them blasting in his ears as he leaves his body.  His soul would float right on through the ceiling and into the sky.  For the first time, feeling like he's made of nothing wouldn’t hurt so bad.  He’d float away to whatever the hell is next, singing his heart out and leaving everything else behind.
The floorboards creak as Mary shifts her weight where she squats.  Her and Sammy share another one of their secret-talking-about-him-behind-his-back looks and anger spikes up in Dean’s chest out of nowhere.
“Cassh…?” Dean mumbles, wiping the last dregs of sleep from his eyes.  Cas seems to startle at his voice, long arms pulling up to cross over his chest and claw into his shoulders.  He starts to rock, “Hey, hey, buddy, it’s just me.  Alright?”
It’s a dumbass question to ask, it’s not like some magic construction fairy rearranged the whole place just to confuse Dean on the off chance he ever got to go home again.  But that slimy, slithering thing in his belly wouldn’t be half surprised if they tossed out all his shit and put in gym equipment or a guest bedroom instead.
“Not your fault, man,” Dean opened his eyes again with a sad smile, “Honestly, I couldn’t wait to get home and see you.  You
Dean huffs a silent laugh and lets his tired smile get soaked up in the darkness.  He’d have to throw on some sweatpants and a sweatshirt before he could truly settle in for the night,  but his nice warm bed is calling to him.  Plus, there’s a know-it-all angel just begging to be cuddled under what is probably the Everest of blanket piles.
Shuffling and dropping to his friend’s side, Dean is already trying to pull the shirt back down and help hold up some of his weight.  When did he stand up anyway?  Did Luc even touch him at all?  He glances at his own body and notices he doesn’t feel any new aches anywhere.  That means Luc took everything out on Cas.
Castiel stood up on only slightly shaky legs and pulled his baby boy up to his feet by their clasped hands.  Dean winced a little at the creak his knees made and Castiel added ‘leg massage’ to his mental aftercare list.  Once Dean was standing, Castiel closed the minimal distance between them to kiss and nip at his baby’s jaw.
It’s the second time he’s mentioned that particular tryst in as many days and it doesn’t require clairvoyance to know what he’s hoping he’ll be on the receiving end of tonight.
A hearty laugh that Dean missed more than showers and laundry machines rumbles through the receiver.  Slumping against the wall a little, he lets the sound wash down to his bones.
Her laugh is full and rumbly in his ear.  Dean kisses the bicep next to his cheek before dropping his forehead to her collarbone.  Delicate fingers surprise him with their gentleness when she winds them in the short hairs at the base of his neck.
Dean’s whole body tightened up like a violin string before seeming to melt into the sheets.  His yelp was quickly followed by a deep groan that made Castiel’s chest thrum with pride.  A new haziness slowly took over Dean’s eyes and Castiel ducked his head to dot kisses across his baby’s
Her light blue eyes are glassy and wide in the warm light of the room, but there’s so much love there Dean can’t look at it a second longer if he doesn’t want to melt into a giant puddle on the floor.  Sam is holding up most of his weight as it is, and he’s sure he’s leaning on his baby brother even more when his mom starts kissing all over his face.  Their wet cheeks and hitched voices make a beautiful intermixing mess between them.  Dean doesn’t have the words to describe this.  Scratch that, he doesn’t think there even
“But you don’t need to think about anything that hard anymore, right?  We don’t have to be scared since we’re in the hospital not...Luc...”
’,” Luc sing-songs as he slips his jacket onto the back of one of the chairs and sets a full paper bag on the table, “Come on...Clapton?  I know I fucked up the middle there but really?”
“You taste so good, Daddy!” Dean sighed happily, tonguing flicking over Castiel with increasing vigor.
him.  His friend is touching him like he’s taking care of him, making it feel good for the both of them.  That’s what finally has his tight muscles loosening once again.
Dean’s knuckles soothed over Cas’s cheek and they nuzzled into the touch.  Dean held both up as they gently rocked in place in the quiet of the kitchen.  Cas let their eyes fall closed again and savored the safety of their husband’s arms.  It’d been weeks since they’d had a moment for more than a quick peck on the lips, and Cas could feel their body all but melting against Dean’s.
.  That’s how I used to remember all their names when I was little.  I made it kinda rhyme.  We’re all named after angels.”
He was gonna be polite.  On his mother’s life, Dean would swear up and down that he had every intention of laying on all the charm he learned with Luc to reach his friend--but it just slips out.
The playfulness fades from the other’s eyes, that genuineness Cas has had since the day Dean met him takes its place instead.  Never looking away, his friend kneels up onto the bed, shuffling across the nicely made covers until they’re almost pressed together again.  Heart thumping and a live wire in his chest, Dean closes the distance with a hand to Cas’s sharp jaw.  He’s truly smiling now, leaning into the touch, sighing a warm breath across Dean’s wrist.
” All the air in Dean’s lungs bursts out of him like it does when Luc lands a good kick right to his gut.
Dean feels Cas’s cock pulse in his hand and stroke him over the edge.  He peppers Cas’s sweaty cheeks with kisses as the shorter man’s mouth gapes around silent screams.    Dean nibbles behind his ear and groans through the pulsating squeeze of Cas’s tight channel around him.  When the ex-angel begins to whimper and wriggle from Dean’s overstimulating hand, the hunter lets him go and forces his hips to stutter to a stop.  He devours every gasp that falls from Cas’s soft, pink mouth.
The hallway is barely visible with only the streetlights creeping up the stairs from the windows in the living room offering anything to see by.  Dean kinda wants a Toy Story night light in the hallway, too.  It’s weird as shit how much better the smiling faces of the little cowboy and his astronaut buddy make him feel. Maybe they’re best friends like him and Cas. Does the cowboy like to kiss his outer space dude, too?  Why the fuck is Dean thinking about animated characters making out at ass-o’clock at night?
Cas shivers in Dean’s hold, a wet gulping sound Dean recognizes all too well buzzing against his skin.  Even though there’s not an inch to spare, Dean pulls both Cas and Jack closer into his chest.
“How are you, Cas?” Jack chirps, settling back into Dean’s lap in a way that makes Dean think the kid’s gonna be dead asleep in less than fifteen minutes, “What did you do today?”
Just want to give you the heads up that there WON'T BE A NEW CHAPTER NEXT WEEK.  This is finals week for me so I haven't had much chance/energy to write.  Chapter 14 will be posted on Dec. 30 and the regular posting schedule will resume after that.
Dean almost falls face first onto the pavement when he clamors through the side door, but it barely registers since all his nerves are on fire anyway and he’s pretty sure a goddamn gorilla could start chasing him and his heart rate wouldn’t be able to get up any higher.
Jack whimpers a little and nudges his forehead under Dean’s chin.  Everyone’s a little surprised—Dean included—when another soft whine is all the more response Jack gives.
.  They all know him as ‘Castiel.’  Castiel the angel.  Is Dean gonna have to start calling him ‘Castiel’ now that they’re not in the basement anymore?
“I’ll take it off before we go in the water, alright?” she forces her smile a bit wider, glad that her aviators are helping her obscure her feelings a little.
“Heh,” Cas’s own eyes give Dean the once over, eyebrows rising slightly like they're actually surprised to find the person sitting next to them attractive.  He forgot how downright believable Cas was in pick-up scenes.  Dean supposed it’s probably been a few years since they did one.  Well, they’re definitely gonna make this a more regular date night activity.  Dean rubs a sweating palm over his thigh, matching the spread of Cas’s legs, “I would, but it looks like you’ve already got one.”
Sheriff Mills blinks twice before pushing fully up to her feet since she’d slouched back against a wall next to Mom at somewhere along the way.
A shadow of a smile crosses Cas’s lips before fading back down again.  It’s the first one Dean thinks he’s seen on the boy since he gave him that stupid bumblebee card, “Only sometimes.  It’s...okay though.  I like listening to you when I wake up on my own.  I don’t feel so alone, I suppose.”
Scooching closer, he draws Jack into the circle of his arms, kissing that furrowed brow even if he’s not sure why he does it.  Jack nuzzles back in his sleep and Dean holds on a little tighter—careful not to squeeze.
Dean gulped, Adam’s apple bobbing under the collar.  Castiel’s finger slid over the soft dip at the base of Dean’s throat as his boy nodded dazedly.
Small arms are suddenly wrapping around Dean’s ribs as shaggy, blonde hair tucks under his chin.  Dean rubs away the few tears that make their escape down his cheeks before they can get to Jack’s hair and alert the kid to the fact that he’s crying.  Who’s he kidding? The kid can definitely feel his shaky breathing.
, his brain hadn’t woken up enough to remember that quite yet.  No way in hell was he gonna sleep now even if he’d wanted to.
When the little burst of surprise in him dissolves, Dean realizes he already knows what he’s gonna do.  He wants to give Cas the friggin’ moon--but this will have to be good enough for now.
“You got me there, buddy,” he chuckled, dropping a chaste peck to Cas’s forehead before pulling away.  He took Cas’s hand, thumb absently smoothing over the grey metal of Cas’s wedding band, “How about we brush our teeth and hit the hay, huh?  ‘Cause--I’m gonna be honest--I haven’t come that hard in a long-ass time and my brain’s already starting to shut down.”
Cas is shaking when Dean finally draws the covers back over him and tucks the fabric around him for whatever it’s worth.  When he turns away to put the pot in the sink, he takes the second it offers him to wipe away the wet trails on his cheeks that are starting to itch.
“Alright, lunch I guess,” Dean grunts, gently untangling from Cas.  His friend stirs more easily this time, baby blues taking in Dean at a glance, a little hint of a smile in his cheeks, “Hey.”
Dean can almost hear a crack like thunder when Sam’s head snaps up to beam laser eyes into his skull.  Dean still doesn’t look up.
“Cassie, Cassie, you ungrateful little bitch,” Luc sneers and, in a trick of the light, Dean almost thinks Luc’s eyes flash red.  His giant arm scoops up under Cas’s heaving stomach, his other hand snapping the chair out from under the table, “
“Here we go,” Mary pushes a slightly ajar door all the way open and flips a switch just inside.  The room is smaller than Dean expected.  Remembered?  His brain is just this side of too tired to really give a shit about parsing that out.  Dean feels kinda like a giant stepping into this little kid room that fits about as well as he imagines the t-shirts in the dresser would fit him now.  At least Jack will probably get comfy here quick.
“I was just saying that the werewolf sexy times were a little over the top—even by Dr. Sexy M.D. standards.”
“Where’s Cas?” Dean’s decided he’s done with small talk today.  He hasn’t had to make small talk like this in years and it’s goddamn exhausting at this point, “When can we see him?”
“So—ahh,” Cas sighs and nudges Dean away from his neck.  Dean only has a half second to panic that he’d pushed some kind of boundary before Cas’s own lips are tickling his skin and all other thoughts go up in smoke, “So I should take that as a ‘yes’...?”
Dean’s fingers twitch where they grip at Cas’s shoulders, cheeks pinkening even beyond his sweaty flush, “Can you, uh, still be a little rough, though?”
Jack rights himself almost immediately and it makes Dean’s chest squeeze.  How many years has it been since he didn’t get black spots in his vision every time he made a sudden movement like that?
When his friend turns around, Dean is expecting fury or anger--but there’s only guilt and a softness that has Dean’s gaze dropping to his socks.
Castiel threw his head back and cried out at the sensation.  Dean had done this to him so many times and in a dozen different positions, but it never ceased to amaze him how talented and goddamn perfect Dean’s tongue was.
“Yes,” Cas is just on the edge of breathless, eyes so full of awe as he stares up at Dean that there aren't any doubts left in his mind—all that’s left to worry about are the details.
It was nearly seven o’clock when Castiel finally closed his email tab and shut down his laptop for the night.  He’d opted to work from home for the day so he and Dean could pack a meal and go to the beach to celebrate.  And—while it had been
.  ‘Cause they had.  And when finally, Dean got the chance to lay his hand on Cas’s bare hip since the basement—
“You may, baby,” Cas smiles, brushing a finger over the corner of his both where a line of spit gives him a debauched glow in the lamp light.  Belatedly Cas remembers the lube.  Handing him the tube, Cas adds, “‘Feeding is making me a little dry, love.”
The phone shatters just like the Walkman had when it hits the far wall of Mary’s bedroom, but Dean doesn’t see it.  His blurry eyes are already buried in his palms.
“I wouldn’t dream of it,” the ex-angel teases.  His eyes are half-lidded and hazy as he lets his head fall back on the pillow to smile up at Dean.  A warm hand slides against Dean’s stubble and the hunter keena into it, “I believe it is your turn now.”
Dean’s chest might fucking cave in on itself if he can’t fix this this somehow, there’s got to be something he can—
“I just think it’s not a good idea, buddy,” Dean licks his lips which feel way too dry in the stagnant air, “We can still be, like, best friends and stuff...but we can’t do
Sammy’s cheek kicks up in a wobbly, dimpled smile as he shakes his head, “You don’t have to Dean.  We’re gonna get you some help, and things don’t have to stay the same, alright?”
Dean takes a fuck ton of pictures of Jack arranging rocks in patterns Dean doesn’t quite get but seem to make sense to the kid.  Dark blond hair is all sandy and wet as it hangs in his face, though Jack barely seems to notice and just keeps on grinning up at Dean and the camera, waving to Cas when Dean says that’s who they’re gonna give the pictures to someday.  Hopefully soon.
is close enough to walk so they don’t have to ruin the illusion by hopping in their mini-van with its
“You’re...you’re nine years old, Jack?” His friend rasps.  Dean’s been around Cas long enough to hear the almost invisible hitch of his words.
“He—the-the-the liquor store.  L-Luc said he’d p-pay for—” Dean’s breath punches out of him again, his lungs on fire as his fingers scramble and scrunch in his little brother’s shirt, “Was so-so scared Dad would…”
The second he sidles up in front of the rows of CDs, directly in front of the little paper ‘L’ tab, Dean drops the basket at his feet and nearly loses all sense of anything outside of this new little bubble.
“It means yes, now...c’mere,” Dean draws Cas’s lips back to his with a hand on his lightly stubbled cheek, it scrapes his palm electrically, “And, uh...keep doing that,” Dean mumbles with the tiniest wiggles of his ass—just so Cas will catch his drift—before diving back in for more.
“The next move is up to you, sweet boy,” Castiel ran his thumb along his baby’s lower lip, “Do you want Daddy to make you come now...or do you want to go straight to the cuddles?”
God, this is really not helping her get over the whole love thing.  Her stomach swoops and drops in the same second.  He's easygoing, funny, beautiful as sin...and not at all interested.
When Cas pulls away his eyes are brilliantly red-rimmed even in the low glow of the muted TV, “I’m so sorry, love.  I didn’t mean for you to feel any of that.  I just--I have you.  I worry so much about Jack because
The kisses move from lips to cheeks and it’s only then that Dean feels the fingers entwined with his.  His stomach rolls, but he tries to shove it down—wants to believe Cas more than he wants to feel like he just hurt him somehow.
“Good boy,” Cas says. Their own jeans and boxers are discarded onto Dean’s pile, and Cas kneels on the bed behind him.  As they massage and knead at the globes of Dean’s perfectly rounded ass, Cas can feel the clenched muscles melting under their palms.
All thoughts melt like ice cream cake, however, when the words start flowing from Cas’s beautiful lips.
Dean shifts in the other boy’s hold--mentally flipping off the pain--until he’s almost on his back.  Cas rises up on an elbow, confusion furrowing his cute brow as he meets Dean’s eyes.  Dean draws his hand away from Cas’s, pushing a loose strand off his friend’s forehead and kissing the corner of slightly chapped lips.
“Not worth saving if it means I lose you,” Dean murmurs.  It’s not the words Dean meant to say but there isn’t any lie in them.  Maybe it’s just too early in the morning (or late at night?) for his mouth to have much of a filter.  Dean swallows around a stone.
Shudders wrack the kid’s small frame as Cas whispers little lies like ‘it’s okay’ and ‘I’ve got you.’  But it’s not okay.  And
“S-Sir…?” Dean whispers.  Grabbing a baby wipe from the package that has a home on their bedside table, Cas gives their husband’s sensitive hole a few thorough swipes and soothes a hand over Dean’s calf when he shakes from the attention, “Wha--
It doesn’t feel like his eyes have been shut for more than a minute before a rasping, breathy sound drags Dean back to consciousness.  He distantly registers the absence of kids adventuring in caves and the persistent buzzing of the static on the TV. He rolls his head away, trying to escape into the muffled cloud of the pillow.  The empty pillow.  His hand grapples out beside him.  There’s nothing there.  No Cas.
sore. But maybe if Luc is in a good mood he’ll go a little easier in the Playroom.  Maybe he won’t even feel like playing a game if Dean’s already taking good care of him.  One can dream.
Dean’s laughter crumbled into breathy gasps when Cas leaned in to trail a line of kisses over the hard-on tenting soft cotton.  Their kisses dissolved into wet, sloppy mouthing that had Dean trembling under Cas’s palms.
How could Cas ever think Dean didn't like what they did?  It was probably the greatest night of his whole freakin’ life.  It isn’t Cas’s job to look out for Dean, it’s Dean’s job to look out for him.  And he failed.  Miserably.
After they became friends she told him--let her into her circle of trust, but seemed to stop noticing his flirting altogether.  Dean knew she was into guys--she just wasn’t into him.  He’d thought that for years now, built they’re whole friendship assuming she’d never see him as more than that, that nothing was going to change...then everything changed three seconds ago.
Dean kinda figured so, and he strokes his palm over the beginnings of black stubble he swears hadn’t been there a month ago.  His fingers come down to lift Cas’s chin, leaning in and planting a kiss on slightly chapped lips, “Okay.”
There was so much pain in Cas’s eyes as he’d stared at the wall they shared with the Playroom, no doubt picturing all the messed-up shit Dean had been trying not to...
Taking another pull from his beer, Dean’s eyes wander over Cas’s outfit.  Between the brown leather jacket, the ripped knee of his spouse’s jeans, and the one-size-too-small plain white tee—all of which Dean had picked out—he’s not sure just what to focus on.  His cock gives an interested twitch when his eyes wander back up and take in the state of Cas’s sex hair.
“Don’t be such a freeze-baby, Cas,” he teases, poking at her crossed arms, “The water is real warm once you get in.”
A lump Dean hadn’t even realized had been swelling in his throat suddenly gets too hard to breathe around.  His eyes roll open, and wide grey eyes are staring up at him.
From the way pain radiates sharp and sore at the same time from his ass, he’s pretty sure Luc pounded into him.  But he doesn’t really remember that.  The taste on his tongue and the images in his head are far more vivid.  Even as they stumble back into their room, he can almost still feel Cas’s hand on his jaw, holding Dean back most of the way so he doesn’t have to take anything but the tip.  Dean’s pretty sure he actually did start crying right about then.
Even as the word is squeaking from Jack’s lips, Dean sees the flit of Cas’s hand and hears the lightly muffled sound of the kid’s sentence being stopped in its tracks by Cas’s hand.  Cas leans in close to Jack whispering something that either comforts or terrifies the kid enough that he steps in a little closer between the older boys, but Dean doesn’t hear what it is, he only feels the small grip of Jack’s hand on his belt loop.
“Ooh, I think I like it when you beg,” Cas smirks, mouth trailing down in fluttering kisses that make a twisting line along his neck.
” Jack lets out a peel of laughter when Dean wiggles his fingers along his ribs, easily keeping him from squirming all the way off the bed in the tickling onslaught, “I thought we were friends!” Dean welcomes the belly laugh that rolls through him, Jack’s giggles buzzing like lighting bugs against his chest.
Dean’s eyes dart over to Cas’s ashen face, cheeks tight and temples dewy with sweat.  Dean dabs at his own forehead and his hand comes back equally slick.  When had that happened?
...gonna cream my pants like a goddamn teenager if you keep that up,” he said around a shaky chuckle.
Dean settles back a little, positioning themselves better so Cas can see the door even with Jack on his lap and Dean’s arm slung around his waist.
“C-Cas…” Dean nearly startles himself with the whimper bursting from his lips, a shaking sob rattling close behind, “I-It...
“Dean, Dean...” Jack’s hands are trying to hold him steady, wide eyes spilling with tears are suddenly overwhelming his vision.
Cas’s arms don’t loosen even a little as he pants into Dean’s shoulder, twitching every so often with the aftershocks.  Dean dips down to kiss the cute tip of Cas’s ear and lets his head rest atop his friend’s.  Finally, Cas’s hold slackens and then falls to hug him lightly.
Castiel propped himself up a little bit on his elbows to give his baby plenty of breathing room, but Dean just pulled him back down onto the sticky mess on his tummy to bury his face in his daddy’s neck.  Castiel chuckled against Dean’s sweaty hair, dropping a kiss on the side of his head.
His spouse’s shadow of a smile is flirty but not leering like half the looks Dean’s already gotten just waiting for Cas.  His stomach does a pleasant swoop.
“Hey,” Dean unfurls one toasty arm from Cas’s back and reaches over to the plastic table by his side.  He brings the Walkman and headphones over to them, laying on his back and tucking Cas into his side, “How about we give ‘The Rain Song’ another try, huh?  It’s the freakin’ most calm thing on the planet, I swear.”
“De…” his friend’s voice is choked and the best goddamn sound to ever enter Dean’s fucked up head.  A shaking slender hand falls from Jack’s curved spine, reaching out, missing, and reaching again for Dean.  Fingers Dean missed more than he missed fresh air thread through his hair and a breath punches out of his lungs.  Dean’s eyes fall shut and he has no idea what’s happening or why but he’s riding this roller coaster ‘til the end, whatever that might be.  The slender fingers don’t so much run through his hair as twitch and grab like Cas doesn’t quite know what to do with himself either.  Dean leans into the touch, humming when the warm palm attached to those fingers rests snuggly on his forehead.
“Please,” Dean ain’t too proud of the crack in his voice or the stinging in his eyes but he’s aching and he hasn’t slept in hours and he just needs to see Cas living and breathing now, “Is Cas okay?  Did...Did he make it?”
Dean buries his head in Cas’s neck when he feels tears burning his eyes.  They rut together,  all of the adrenaline-laced energy thrumming through Dean’s body finally having a direction to go.  Castiel is murmuring little assurances but mostly just kissing the side of Dean’s head, matching Dean’s motions, and holding the hunter tightly.
Dean collapses like a house of cards when Sammy wraps him up in warm arms.  It kinda feels like the day they met in the hospital.  He hadn’t even realized how needle thin the line between holding-it-together and absolute-goddamn-mess that he’d been riding was until he plants face first into his brother's chest and, well...he
“Perhaps...if you’re ready...we should resituate?  There was one position I saw a picture of that I think would suit us very well.”
“Please, Daddy…” Castiel lapped at the tiny purple mark he’d sucked onto Dean’s collarbone (still low enough to be covered for the shop), humming at the vibrations from his baby’s whines.
Resting on his elbows over Cas, Dean can’t help the nervous excitement kicking up his lips.  His friend’s baby blues look especially bright with their little crinkles at the corners.
and it was really funny and Sam is really nice and I think you’d really like him and we made cookies and cinnamon buns and—”
Dean appeared to remember who, or rather, what, he was talking to and he squared his shoulders, “You wouldn’t understand.”
“Sofia, enough,” the daemon who’s name he’d just learned, didn’t change her positon but ceased the obvious hissing at Castiel’s request, “I need to make sure it’s just a burn,” Cas’ voice was tired and he rubbed his eyes.
As soon as Dean was dealt with, he’d change out of his wrinkled outfit. He opened the door into the hallway and Sofia gradually followed suit and padded after him as he left the room.
He swallowed, trying to combat the sudden dryness in his throat and then did his best attempt at pretending the glint in the angel’s eye wasn’t turning him on, “I love you. Want me to say it again just to be sure?” He teased.
Dean studied him for any sign he was lying until he saw whatever it was that he needed. “You even still want us here?”
Cas raised an eyebrow. “Yes, Dean - Jack isn’t a monster.” Cas’ eyes glazed over for a second and then cleared. “I have always felt we were one species short, I look forward to meeting Miracle.”
It turned out that being so obviously rejected by the angel hadn’t really left him in the mood to find anyone else so instead Dean had found himself by a lake side, a chair already perfectly placed alongside some fishing equipment and, best of all, a six pack of beer.
Both Charlie and Bobby had met Cas and said he’d looked good. Jack had apparently juiced him up, as well as the other angels as part of his plan to restore balance, and the best Dean could figure was that in the process Cas had clearly forgotten how he’d felt about him.
Dean stared at him, incredulous, as if he were trying to tell whether or not he was being serious, “You missed the point.”
“Lie to you?” Castiel couldn’t remember being dishonest with the hunter at all. Dean hadn’t been here long enough for that. The hunter had barged into
Cas gave him a sly smile, “As you wish.” and with that he flapped his wings, taking them to the house he’d been living in since he’d arrived in Heaven, the house Dean had imagined for the both of them.
Cas was far more confident than he expected, nipping Dean’s bottom lip and though Dean would never admit it, a soft whimper is forced out of his mouth. He had to break away, the angel may not need to breathe but Dean certainly did. Dean let out a ragged breath and his tongue flicked to wet his lips at the hunger reflected in Cas’ dilated pupils. There was something so deliciously predatory about it, reminding him of just how Not Human Cas was. It sent a shiver down Dean’s spine.
Cas resigned to losing this debate, deciding that he was too tired to shoot snarky comments back and forth about their lifestyle choices and instead tried for a joke, “I don’t think our hair’s long enough to braid,” he kept his voice level and in the same serious tone as before.
It had been as if his brother’s strings had been cut, Sam had collapsed to the ground and Rosa had followed suit, dropping straight out of the air with a sickening thud as her body crashed onto the frozen soil of the graveyard. The witch’s magic had been almost instantly effective. Sam hadn’t stood a chance.
Castiel didn’t know whether or not Dean would appreciate, or even want, his apology but he said it anyway. Dean didn’t react. Cautiously, Cas shuffled towards Dean and reacted out to touch the hunters left arm. He responded with a jerk when he realised Cas was touching him but their brief moment of contact had been long enough to heal the injuries he’d caused and then some. It was so much easier than magical injuries. Cas still felt his magic drain from him, but it wasn’t as severe as dealing with Sam.
He’d been in heaven for what felt to him like several weeks. He’d seen his mum, Charlie, Bobby, Ellen and Jo and that was only scratching the surface. Reuniting with everyone he’d ever lost. Well. Almost everyone.
The hunter froze. “Just a burn?” he said slowly. What was they meant to mean? If this had some freaky magical consequences, he just might kill him...after he knew his brother would be alright. But then he would kill him.
It seemed like whoever had wandered onto his property had no sensitivity to magic whatsoever. Cas inferred that they were likely human. When supernatural creatures came along, he felt more of a slight buzz because walking directly through wards was somewhat uncomfortable for those who had connection to magic, and if they were trying to surprise him, wandering through his wards was not the way to do it. It would be like someone telling him their precise location and then expecting him to be surprised that he knew they were there.
Castiel gave him one last look, weighing up what the hunter had just said. On one hand he could be lying and Cas didn’t wake up in the morning and Dean’s gone through his stuff, or, more likely, Dean was going to stay by his brother and make sure he was alright. Cas admired it; the devotion to his brother.
Castiel didn’t bother asking the name of Dean’s daemon; it would be seen as, at the very least, rude. And Dean didn’t ask him either.
Cas scowled, “Just because I’m not human, doesn’t mean that I don’t have an understanding of why you hunt. What I disagree with is when prejudice hunters murder my kind or someone who does not deserve it,” he bit out savagely.
“You’re a stranger and I trust you just enough to save my brother. Forgive me if I’m not comfortable enough to have a slumber party with you and braid each other’s hair.”
Dean couldn’t help but press a gentle kiss onto Cas’ lips, it was only short and chaste. Cas chased his lips as Dean pulled back slightly. “I love you,” he whispered, reverent. He’d wasted so much time, making excuses never quite believing that an angel could feel emotion like humans did, feel love, let alone feel anything like that for him.
There was a beat of silence where both men glowered at each other but neither of their daemons had begun to hiss or snarl as they had done previously. In fact Sofia appeared the most relaxed, lazing on the table as if an intense exchange of words was not happening around her. And Dean’s daemon did little more than watch from the chair next to the hunter, still, but only slightly, cautious. The warlock knew very little about Dean but he knew his own daemon and he knew himself. He didn’t feel offended by Dean’s words and Sofia knew it because he’ll admit, though maybe not to the hunter, that Dean made perfect sense. If he were in his situation, Cas wouldn’t trust him either. Actually, if Dean knew him at all, Castiel estimated that the hunter would want to be as far away from him as possible.
“He gave me and Rufus a hand a while back. He’d be a talented hunter. We’re damn lucky he’s on our side.”
Cas grins. “Just try and stop me.” But then his grin dimmed, and Cas’ eyes darted to the side. “I’m sorry it took me so long to return. It was selfish. I thought,” he sighed and returned his wide gaze to Dean. “I confessed believing I would never see you again, that I could do it without consequences and then when Jack brought me back, I thought I’d have more time, you were on earth, you were meant to live your life, Dean. And then you were here so suddenly, and I just kept - I suppose I just kept running away.”
There was no easy way to answer that question. At heart, Cas wanted to help people but right now the person who needed his help happened to be an overly-protective hunter who had tried to kill him. So why hadn’t he kicked him out already? Somehow he’d managed over the period of half a day to grow invested. Bobby trusted that Cas could fix Sam so he felt a measure of responsibility to do what he could.
Cas’ daemon was slumped in the chair. She seemed comfortable enough but if he was going to move Cas, she had to come with them. Indira sighed heavily and then prowled over to the other daemon who was thankfully smaller than her and grabbed her between her teeth and began pulling the cat lightly by her neck.
There was a loud bang followed by several curses from the fowl mouth hunter. What the hell was he even doing? Castiel groaned again and let his arm flop over his face so it was covering his eyes but there was no avoiding it. He needed to find out why Dean sounded like he was doing his best to wreck his house and he should probably stop him. Couldn’t Dean have done the considerate thing and done this a few hours later so he didn’t have to move?
This time was no different.  Luc had sauntered in all flashing eyes and toothy grin before he shoved a pale Cas out the door and slammed it shut behind him.  Now Dean sits on the bed, headphones blasting until his thoughts are only a whispering current under Dennis DeYoung’s keening voice.  One hand clutches the Walkman while the other frays and pulls apart the widening hole in the knee of his jeans.  He’d clocked the time the second the door had shut behind Cas and Luc.  That was nearly two hours ago.
“Breakfast,” Dean murmurs, eying the pulled thread in the blanket instead of Jack.  The kid gives a little nod but still doesn’t move, glancing at where he’s woven in by Cas’s arms.  With a chuckle that has Dean gulping back a pebble, he nods toward the table, “He’ll be fine.  You’ve gotta eat something.”
to be gentle for good boys only.  And good boys, Dean, take what they are given.  Do you understand?”
Little tongue poking out the corner of his mouth, Jack has on his Concentration Face as he tries to make the sticky ribbons form in even loops.
Dean’s responding laugh simmers in the air and vibrates against Castiel’s chest.  With a not-so-convincing, put upon grunt, Castiel nips at Dean’s collarbones in retaliation for being laughed at.
as each pulse of his orgasm has him squeezing around the monster still keeping him deliciously full.  Cas’s lips are gentle as they knead the tense column of his neck, tingling in the best way possible until the tension in Dean’s body snaps and he’s damn near boneless.
of skin slapping skin, Jack’s little head thrashing side to side as he screams for Luc to get out of him—screams that are muffled by the tip of Dean’s dick. Just the tip. Their tears mixing together on Jack’s bulging cheek.
The other boy’s chest is almost as wide as Dean’s now and so have his hips.  Never in a million years would Dean admit how much he likes it that Cas’s whole body now covers his whenever he falls asleep on top of Dean.  It’s like having a Cas-sized blanket and provides the best sleep Dean’s ever gotten in his young life.
At some point Jack had climbed up with them.  Tucking himself in against Cas’s back in the same way Cas had held him that morning.
It isn’t too much of a challenge to keep his eyes trained on Luc’s heels as he follows the man through a few turns in the house.  It honestly isn’t too different from the parts he remembers about being in the Playroom.  Follow Luc’s lead, take it one step at a time, and try with every atom in his being to not think about the details.  That’s how he’s made it this far, and that’s how he’ll make it through tonight.
“Huh, you know, when I was a baby, my mom always told me angels were watching over me,” something cold and prickly ekes into Dean’s stomach, “But I’m not so sure about that anymore.”
Her breasts are a little paler than the rest of her with delicately brown nipples that are perky from the cool air--there’s a tiny freckle just above the left one.  Kissing the mark, Dean feels her hands tighten in his hair.  He drags his lips down, swirling his tongue around the little bud.  Cas moans, shuddering in her arms.  Drawing his hand up to pay her other side fair attention, he kneads the soft flesh and strokes his thumb over that nipple as well.
His baby boy met him with sinfully dark eyes as he scratched blunt nails lightly through the coarse, trim hair above Castiel’s sex.  Castiel shivered much to Dean’s amusement.  Dean grinned from ear to ear as he nestled his head down between his Daddy’s legs and sucked at the pulsing nub of flesh there.  Dean spread his free fingers around the nub, parting the folds so he could lick harder and suck closer.
When they’ve gone halfway in, Cas pauses and bends to kiss the ridge of his spine, careful not to jostle the cock, “How are we doing, love?”
Cas chuckles, tracing a thumb beside Dean’s left eye, the one that still is a little unfocused no matter how hard he squints.
Dean was only a little more plump than usual, but started filling out quickly under Cas’s massaging touch.  His shaky breaths and punched out sounds were music to Cas’s (also very horny) ears, but those beautiful noises were starting to reach a dangerous pitch.
“Hmm?” Cas grumbles at the shifting of the bed, arms unconsciously tightening around Jack.  Sliding up, Dean situates himself behind Cas.
getting to meet his grandpa...and now…” Dean huffed out a sigh and curled a little closer to his husband, “I mean--it’s not even
? Oh, I’m not getting ‘axed.’  Do you recall that she did three years of track in high school?  And while I can’t make my top speed in sandals...I just need to be faster than you, Dean Winchester,” Castielle tosses him the sauciest wink she thinks her awkward self can muster, slipping purple aviators down from her head in punctuation.
The furled muscle twitches and shoots awesome swirls of electricity straight to where he’s aching.  After another moment, Dean even finds himself pressing back against his friend’s hand wanting more…of something—but his unhelpfully floating brain won’t tell him just what that ‘more’ is.
Cas’s other hand slips into the hunter’s boxers and wraps around his aching cock.  Dean moans low next to Cas’s ear as he strokes Dean to full hardness with his lubed-up hand.  Cas tilts his hips upward and postions the hunter at his entrance.  He guides Dean’s swollen tip in slowly.  The hunter holds his hips still as Cas spasms around him, the ex-angel letting out a punched breath.  Cas twists, his face scrunching and relaxing as he adjusts. Dean pushes a sweaty dark lock off the ex-angel’s forehead.
“Alright, here,” Slipping the pretzels from her vice grip, he holds out his hand.  It kinda feels like laying all his cards out on the table, but that doesn’t make any sense.  Cas doesn’t seem to notice, “Come on, let’s go sit down, huh?”
Dean laughs at himself, but it sounds broken and more like a sob.  What else did he expect?  This was just like what happened the last time he tried to touch himself.  Luc and his dumb, shitty games had ruined whatever nice feeling he’d found then, too.
and cranking the volume down low.  He slips the headphones over small ears as the tinny notes of “After Forever” rumble through the air.
He grunts again for a completely different reason as one slick digit wiggles and presses at Dean’s loose opening and—
Luc’s gaze remains fixed on Cas’s unmoving form.  With each second that ticks by that Cas doesn’t answer him seems to only crank up the volume on Luc’s anger, “You little bitch!”  With a snap of his wrist, the blanket is yanked from Cas to expose the other boy’s quivering body to the room.  Luc practically roars at the sight of the stained bandages crisscrossing his body as he tries to curl into an even tighter ball, “You’re goddamn right he’s sick!  Little cockslut’s pretty sick in the head!”
, Dean…” Cas whimpers as Dean twists his wrist on the upstroke.  The ex-angel’s thighs jerks tighter around Dean’s waist.
Cas does not smile back, only stares at him like they’re still just one wrong move from stepping into quicksand that will drag the boy down under.
After scrubbing the dishes in the sink--Luc wouldn’t be happy if he didn’t--he sets them on the same towel to dry.  He isn’t quite sure why he doesn’t just dry them and put them away but setting them out makes him feel better for some reason.  Another glance at the clock in the dresser shows that he’d plowed through his food quicker than he’d thought.  He kind of regrets not taking smaller bites, not stretching the meal.  But at least it’s in his stomach now and Luc can’t take that away from him.  Dean sits back down in the chair that squeaks at the slightest movement.  He tilts back and forth.
His friend’s shivering breaths are coming in warm, shaky puffs.  Cas’s eyes are barely blue anymore, just dark and warm and zeroed in on Dean like nothing else in the world should even bother existing.
“There you are,” Cas’s lip bobs and two clean, tears slide down his temples to the pillow below.  Dean keeps his hand on the back of Cas’s soft neck but wipes away the tracks with the other, he whispers, “I know, buddy.  I know.”
He shrugs, a shy smile quirking his lips, “‘S my fault your skirt thing got ruined in the first place.  Now get up here.”
He can almost feel Cas curled in against his side, head a warm weight over his heart.  He can almost hear the little hum of Cas mumbling in his sleep—not ever making complete words, just little noises like he was having a very serious conversation with the sheep about why they were jumping over their fence.
The hand in his hair keeps a smooth rhythm despite the little cloud that crosses his best friend’s features.  For a second, Dean almost thinks Cas has read his mind.  But then the moment passes, and Cas lets a deep breath whoosh out of him before continuing.
Her hand runs over the soft fabric from which the sarong is made, gliding past the bump-less plain of her crotch.  Yes, nothing to worry about.  Still, Castielle’s hand rests on her thigh, hesitating and clutching the fabric.  Her palms are cold and sweaty even in the heat.
Dean doesn’t realize that Cas has changed their position until he finds himself tucked up against a broad chest, lying in the ex-angel’s arms.  The sheets are sweat-soaked and sticky under his skin but his brain is still frantically rolling his thoughts around like marbles and he can’t focus on much for long.
everything’s actually feeling kinda nice.  Not all hot and heavy like how it usually gets when they stroke each other, but the whole thing sends pleasant goosebumps out across his skin.
After only a few more wanting thrusts into Cas’s hand, Dean hissed and his hips stuttered out of Cas’s touch.
“Well,” Luc throws the ties to the side, hands placed teasingly on the blanket’s fold, “I told you I had a surprise for you!”
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean grits, hand dropping from Cas’s face, “Thanks for the reminder,” Cas huffs a sigh and Dean can feel anger bubbling up.  What right does Cas have to be pissy at him about this?  Dean can’t rescue them--and don’t think that doesn’t anger the hell out of him every fucking second of the day, “But it hasn’t happened yet, so, what’s your point?”
“Well,” Cas begins, gaze falling somewhere off in the distance, “Castiel was a soldier and he served in God’s army.  He followed all of the rules--commandments?  I don’t remember the word for them.  Anyway, Castiel did everything God told the angels to do.  He was wonderfully obedient to God and fought valiantly--that’s a word Mother liked to say whenever she got the chance, ‘valiantly.’  Castiel fought valiantly against the Devil and his demon army.  He was unquestioningly loyal to God.  The
it when you…” his friend’s voice lifts to a soaring, gentle height that has the tips of Dean’s ears burning a little, “I loved it. I love
“Really, Dean,” His voice is so caring.  It’s tearing Dean to shreds, “Thank you.  You bring me a lot of happiness, even in a place like this.”
“Mmm, yes,” Castiel says as he rises to his forearms.  Dean’s fingers are playing with the hairs that curl behind his ear when he needs a haircut, “Cuddles.”
Dean’s muscles tighten and something spiky is beginning to coil in his belly, “What do you want me to do, Cas?  This place has always been dangerous.  Luc has beat the shit out of me plenty of times, and I’m still kickin’--”
Half of Dean’s choking brain registers that the fluffy, haloed boy staring down at him in horror is Cas.  He’s trying to smile at Cas, but his face is numb, and he doesn’t really know if it’s working.  His friend still looks terrified, so probably not.
He’s in.  It feels like Cas stops at only a knuckle or two in, far less than Dean’s had shoved up there before, but
“L-Lebanon,” Jack murmurs.  In an instant his face scrunches up and those held tears slide down his face.  He turns and buries his face in the folds of Cas’s shirt which covers his caved-in stomach, “I just w-wanna go home...I want my m-mommy...
Dean’s thrusts pick up pace though ‘frantic’ isn’t a word Castiel would use to describe his movements in the least.  Lips trailing down Dean’s stubbled jaw, he nibbles at spots then soothes the little pink marks with his tongue.
—Dean wants to cry.  He wants to drop to his knees and cry his eyes out as he watches the most familiar face in the world choke to death while it tries to scream in pain.
…” Cas sighs, breath hitching and Dean glances down just in time to see the shorter man work in a third finger.
“Nothing’s wrong,” Dean chuckles, pressing in for a much more chaste kiss just for good measure.  When he pulls back Cas tries to follow for more, their dark eyes slowly sliding open when they’re met with air.  It’s Dean’s turn to chuckle, “I, uh, I’ve got an idea.  For a scene,” that seems yanks Cas back to Earth and they arch a brow in question.  Dean licks his lips and continues, “A-A scene for tonight.”
Shame slithers high in his belly, but he banishes all thoughts before it can slither up and choke him out again.
When his spoon hits the bottom of his bowl and he slurps down all the noodle juice, Dean slumps back in his chair, chest and stomach all warm now.
The edges blur a little for Dean despite his glasses, that weird, floaty feeling hitting his head like a baseball bat.  He licks his lips again, knuckles a deathly white where he’s clutching the cardboard. Opening his mouth and weird breathy thing escapes first before words do, “What the
“Yeah, yeah, please,” Dean mumbled, turning his head to bury it in the pillow.  Castiel parted his cheeks just slightly and glanced down to see which one Dean had picked out.  A searing flush swept through him at the pink and white lightning bolt pictured on the base.
To say he’s a total mess from Cas’s touch would be an understatement, but there’s no part of him that gives a shit about anything not happening between his legs or between their lips.
“I like the sound of that, Dean.  A little sunshine, a little R&R--I hear the girls down there have hair down to their asses and go around topless most of the day,” Dean grits his teeth when he feels Luc’s cock give an interested twitch against his stomach, “Yeah.  Take my little Rockettes down to the Yucatan…” Luc chuckles and nibbles Dean’s earlobe, “Sounds like something worth
Dean presses his ear to when he falls asleep at night.  His breath hitches, praying that those baby blues will open.  He needs them to open, he cups his friend’s face, “Cas?
When the song’s last chords gave way to Bowie’s “Starman”, Castiel leaned back to catch his boy’s eye.  Dean’s moss green gaze was every bit as open as a puppy’s and Castiel couldn’t help but give his baby one more quick kiss.
“Oh?” Castiel stuffs the frozen vegetables away and moves on to the canned goods.  Castiel crisscrosses the kitchen...but Deanna still hasn’t moved.  Castiel folds up one of the bags and directs his full attention to her.  She’s smiling down at the package, her chipped, black nail-polished nails tap an excited beat on one of the box's edges.  Castiel’s smile grows slightly wider.
“He’s fine.  Fan-fucking-tastic.  Can’t you tell?”  His voice is rising a little more than he should let it with the kid sleeping upstairs, but low, hot shame apparently doesn’t take the night off.  He hops back down to his feet and eyes the exit, “We’re both doing great.  And, no, I’m still not some kid-touching creep so you can tell mom to shove it up her ass—”
Maybe it’s the fact that Sammy genuinely looks like he’s clueless about the Mom thing, or the way he crosses his arms like he’s the one who’s splayed out like an exposed nerve—but if Dean’s honest, it’s probably the fact that Sammy called him ‘Dee’ that has Dean warily perching back up on the counter, spoon in hand once again.  At least the pie still tastes as good as it did twelve seconds ago.  Small comforts.
“Well,” Castiel chuckles, “What would you prefer?  Intimate embracing?  Somehow, I don’t imagine that would sound much better to you,” Dean’s breaths are gently evening out and his grip is getting looser where he has an arm slung over Castiel’s waist, “Dean?”
“You did so well today, baby,” Castiel muttered against Dean’s sweaty temple, “You’re my good boy, aren’t you?”
Dean’s eyes roll open and he truly doesn't remember closing them.  Cas draws back, faintly smiling down at him with her clean hand cupping his jaw.  Dean keens into the small patterns her thumb is tracing on her cheek.
“For starters, I’d be nicer about it.  I’d want my...person to feel good and safe and all that first.  Not like Luc where I always think I’m gonna have a heart attack when I hear those goddamn stairs creak.  I think it’d be nice to do it in a room with a window so we could see the sun.  Shit, but that’s probably just me missing sunshine--where was I?  Oh, yeah.  I think I’d touch him all over first, y’know?  All gentle-like so when he looks at me...he knows I love ‘im.  And that’s important too, I gotta love him like it’s nobody’s business first.”
Dean’s not even into the second verse when soft snuffling hums through the phone.  He tries Cas’s name once, twice and smiles at the first outright snore.
“What do you want me to say?” His baby brother’s hands flap in his hoodie pockets, hazel eyes fixing on their mother’s equally stubborn gaze.
In one arm Castiel held the food selections he had picked for their dinner in bed, and his opposite hand firmly held Dean’s as they made their way up the stairs.  At the top of the landing, Castiel unclasped their hands and stroked his baby’s hair.
“How do you feel?” Cas noses at his cheek before dropping a kiss there and pulling back to meet Dean’s eye.
“Alright, kid,” Dean squats down by the couch where Jack is draped by a blanket, nearly melted into Sammy’s side, “Bedtime.”
Dean moved out of Castiel’s arms with hesitance like it physically ached him to let go of his daddy when he needed him, even if it was just for a moment.  Dean sprawled out on the light-yellow comforter, cock pleading for attention where it lay stiff against his belly.  Castiel grabbed one of the thick towels they kept in the bottom drawer of their dresser for this express purpose, and fished the Astroglide out of the nightstand, closing the drawer with his hip.  He set the lube down on the opposite side of Dean, tapping his baby’s side to get him to lift up.  Castiel made quick work of tucking a towel-wrapped pillow under Dean’s backside. Lastly, he slid the come-soaked panties off of his baby’s legs, throwing them to the ground where Dean’s big clothes were still piled up.
His mouth is dry and his eyes have no clue what to even focus on.  There’s one with swirled ridges in a pastel rainbow like a unicorn horn.  A few really fat ones with bumps and ridges that would feel out-of-this-world sliding in and out of him.  A handful are long and thick like if some alien-Bigfoot crossover had a cock like a Greek god.
“What? No! Of course he is,” Dean barks, only a sliver is guilt piercing all the hurt when he makes Jack startle and clutch his t-shirt.
Cas’s lips haven’t changed any.  Dean sure as hell would’ve noticed that.  His neck is a little meatier, and his biceps have filled out a little more.  Dean traces the much more obvious veins of the hand Cas has resting between them.  Cas’s hands have
Then the sound of a steady stream of liquid pattering down to the van floor reaches Dean’s ears.  He winces.
Then Mary nods and Dean has to sit back down in the waiting chair for a hot second until his knees aren’t so wobbly.
He can picture himself like Cas had been (years ago now, Jesus fuck): a huddled-up ball on the old bed, sobbing ‘til it hurt to breathe.
“Fuck, sweetheart,” With one hand holding him up, Castiel undid his belt buckle in a frequently practiced motion.  He sighed when his pants gave way, heartbeat thundering between his legs at one less layer between his sex and Dean.  Castiel’s eyes squeezed closed at the cool feeling of the air hitting him as he shoved the boxers down his waist, elastic digging in around his thighs, “Always make Daddy feel so good, fu
The inhuman sound that punches out of Dean must be all the answer Cas needs because suddenly gentle fingers are reaching down, patting blindly for a moment before they find his hair.  With easy strokes, Cas cards through the strands.
“Wonderfully,” Castiel sighs, “Except, someone felt it was necessary to kick me in his sleep and wake me up at two o’clock this morning.”
It’s a long minute before Dean slows their pacing down to a stop and looks firmly back at their audience.  Sammy and the sheriff quickly avert their eyes like they weren’t staring—as if Dean didn’t feel their gazes the whole damn time—but Mary doesn’t.  She unabashedly stares at the weird-ass sight they must make, but even when Dean narrows his eyes at her—daring her to give him an excuse to yell and scream all the shit bubbling up in his chest—but she doesn’t take the bait.  Instead, she’s wearing that weird glowy, proud thing in her eyes that she’d had when Dean first introduced them to Jack.
The minute Dean had heard the groan and hitch of the third door opening and only Luc’s smug face poke in, he was completely sure Luc was gonna make some joke about the kid not being able to handle him before heading upstairs to bury the body.  Instead, still buckling his belt like a taunt, Luc had told Dean that the kid’s legs weren’t working or something and needed to be carried.  Before the sentence had even fully left those pale lips, Dean had been rounding the corner to the Playroom.  He’d kept his eyes down the second he saw a flash of the paddles on the walls, following Jack’s whimpers instead.
Dean’s soapy fingers fumble the plate into the sink with a clatter that cracks in the otherwise quiet of the room.  A glance over his shoulder shows Cas shift in his sleep but settle once again.
Dean sets out breakfast this time, biting at his ragged thumbnail as he waits for his beautiful friend to rouse.  When ocean eyes find him sitting at the table the same way he had the day before they turn squinty.  There’s no shadow of a smile this time.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa—” Sheriff Mills is suddenly pushing between Dean and Meg, popping up from out of fucking nowhere and pressing her hand to Dean’s chest.  Dean’s eyes are starting to burn and
“Dean,” Cas hums low beside his cheek. His voice drops with the kinda boundless patience someone like Dean needs in his life, “Do you remember what I said I wanted when we talked about this?”
” Dean’s squeezed eyes slide open, heavy breaths turning to giggles.  He thuds back against the pillow, his mouth kicking up in a smile, “You asshole, I was about to come.”
“Love you, too, so much.  So much, Cas.  Love you so much,” he rambles, wanting to stay on this vibrating string forever, right here on the cliff’s edge with Cas.
,’ Cas pushes to a stand and brushes past Dean, making a b-line to the bed.  The instant Cas appears he takes the burden of Jack’s weight and the kid doesn’t put up any resistance to letting him.  Cas starts speaking, that warm, hushed sound that Dean’s only ever heard directed at him.  The words, whatever they are, are drowned out by the sound of Dean’s heart thudding in his chest.  When Cas’s long fingers reach up to pet through the boy’s moppy, blonde hair something weird slithers inside of Dean.  It’s prickly like anger--but also not.  It makes him feel like a pumpkin whose guts have been hollowed out in the same way he does when he’s sad or thinks about Cas dying.  None of it makes sense and Dean doesn’t like this shit at all.
.  Her gaze happens to fall on the beach’s one-vendor concession stand that’s not too far from where they’re set up.  Some pretty, brunette with a nose ring is operating the stand is staring at Dean, too.  She’s about their age--and totally Dean’s type.  Her deep brown eyes are giving him the full once-over, lingering over certain areas before sliding back up his whole frame once again.  The beginning of a growl that rises in Castielle’s chest feels ugly and sharp.  This is so stupid.  Dean is a gorgeous, single, amazing man--he deserves all the good attention he wants.  And if he ends up going over and making eyes with Concession Girl...Castielle will find a way to be okay with that.  It certainly wouldn’t be the first time his natural flirtiness earned him a phone number on their take-out bag.  It hurts every damn time, but it shouldn’t.  This is her problem, not Dean’s.
Jack turns back and gives a soft nod before reaching out his hands for Dean.  Dark, shaggy hair and dimples flood Dean’s memory and his insides squeeze so hard he thinks he might die from it.  The images fade in an instant and grey-blue stares up at him patiently.
His head dips, weirdly bashful considering everything they’d just done, “Love ya, too, Cas,” then he licks his lips, ignoring another unpleasant churn in his stomach, “But, uh, didn’t it...I mean it always tasted so bad…”
“Whoa, you really weren’t lying about Becky being an overshare-er were ya?” Dean mutters, eyes still glued to the screen as he scrolls.
Dean grips Jack a little closer even though the kid is squirming to get a move on, he says, “Th-Thanks.”
in that one word—a word that has sounded dirty to him since before he can remember.  A light sigh and a hiccup trips into Dean’s ear and he’d sell his soul to kiss Cas’s forehead, let the other boy cry on his shoulder, “
The comforter and sheets are warm and heavy and fit Dean’s mood to a ‘T.’  Slipping a little lower, Dean tucks the covers just under his chin like he would tuck them under Cas’s to keep his friend from getting cold.
Suddenly a half-naked Castiel is in his line of sight kneeling beside him, angling Dean’s face to look at him.  The angel is saying something but it’s warbled and only snippets of words are being processed in his brain.  It’s the terrified and hurt look in Cas’s face, though, that finally jolts Dean’s nerves back into functioning.  His hands grab onto Cas with an iron grip.
Dean would put his hands on Cas’s hips, practically plaster their fronts together so all he can feel is the other boy.  He’d slip his hands right under the hem Cas’s t-shirt, not to hike it up just to feel the warm brush of skin--feel the goosebumps pebble when Cas presses against his fingers.  The other boy might scratch through Dean’s new haircut with blunt nails, make it all messy, make his head buzz with the sensation.
Each of the three pairs of eyes on them are digging little pins into his side with their sharpness.  He’d squirm and maybe snap at them, but Jack’s arms are starting to loosen and that scary, disappear-into-himself silence dissolves into quiet tears.  Finally, small arms come up to wrap around him and Jack’s wet face buries down in the crook of his neck right where it belongs.  Dean lets out a breath he didn’t realize he’d been holding.
“Is that better, sweetheart?” Cas kissed the tip of his baby’s ear and Dean buried his face in the crook of Castiel’s neck.  He whined, nodding vehemently as the soft point of his nose dug into Castiel’s skin, “Just needed to hold onto Daddy?  Is that what my boy wanted?”
Dean nods with a grunt, pressing back even more as deft fingers work the sweatpants and boxers off.  A whooshing chill passes over his suddenly-bare skin, but there’s hardly a second to notice it before the heat of Cas’s kneading hands returns.
Cas takes charge during sexy times, too.  He’s not even surprised.  God, he might be in love a little bit more.
Dean lets himself dip down into the mattress beside Cas.  The hunched over boy finds his eyes and something with wings thump around in Dean’s chest.
His whole body’s on fire and he can’t believe he’s somehow gone this long without her.  Cas lets out a startled whimper, she twitches in his hand as her whole body bows forward.  With her arms wrapped around his neck, Dean can feel her shuddering breaths against his shoulder and the tiny thrusts she’s trying to hold back.  Another slow grind causes delicious friction to bare down on him.
His blue eyes seemed so open and genuine that Dean couldn’t help but humour him, “Hi. I’m Dean Winchester. I’m a hunter and a bit of an asshole,” he joked, half-heartedly. It felt ridiculous but it made him feel better, even if it was only very slightly.
“It wasn’t his fault,” Dean blinked in surprise as he heard the other man’s daemon for the first time. She snapped the statement, her tone like ice as she stepped in front of Cas and unsurprisingly Indira met the challenge, prowling closer to the middle ground.
“What the hell, man? Is that all you have to say? I’ve been looking for you, praying to you. Goddamn screamed myself hoarse just trying to get your attention. ”
Castiel hid the shock at such a blunt question, though he knew he shouldn’t have expected anything less. His heart thumped heavily against his chest and he gave the most honest answer he could, “Only in self-defence.”
“How about we get outta here?” Dean said, trying to regain some bravado in his voice, and given the expression of the angel’s face, he wasn’t fooled.
Sofia, incidentally, was sat in the chair in the corner of the room not so subtly watching Dean’s daemon, who was sat on the corner of the bed, through suspicious eyes, her tail flicking occasionally. Dean’s daemon wasn’t that much better; between mirroring her counterpart’s protective expression, she copied Sofia’s mistrustful gaze.
He swept the pile into the corner to reduce the chance of an accident. It was lucky that he had some stock that would help both Dean already and he didn’t have to make it from scratch because he didn’t think he’d be able to do that right now. His brother was a different story. There was a jar of a healing salve he’d created for nasty burns which should help Dean. The recipe was based on one his family used for their business but with a few important differences. There were no surprising and ultimately nasty or profit worthy side effects, just to name a few.
Dean wasn’t stupid; he could put two and two together - if Cas didn’t want to be found, it wouldn’t matter how long drove with Baby, how desperately he prayed to him, just to see him, to talk.
Castiel nodded turned his head and tried for a smile. It didn’t quite meet his eyes but Dean appreciated what he was trying to do.
Panic had swelled in the hunter’s chest as if it were a black hole sucking out the oxygen in his lungs. He couldn’t even yell Sammy’s name. Not that it would’ve done anything; his brother was completely motionless except for the pained rise and fall of his chest.
It was good to hear the reassurance, “Yeah. I’ll talk to you later.” He hung up, too distracted to have meaningful conversation. He toyed with the idea of researching the hunter’s deaths, maybe making a few calls to some other hunters. But if he did that, he wouldn’t be able to stop himself from going out and trying to gank the sonofabitch who was behind this. And then he’d have to leave Sam. He couldn’t do that right now. He couldn’t leave him with someone he barely knew. Not a chance. Especially when that guy was probably passed out and unable to monitor Sam’s condition.
Castiel stepped towards him but Dean backed away at the same time. A sigh came from the other man, “Dean, please, I need to see it. I need-”
It was clear that he didn’t want to say it but Cas was mildly impressed that he actually had. Combined with just how sad the man looked, Cas just couldn’t help himself. He wasn’t totally heartless.
“A witch. He’s got these black lines and he’s unconscious. Bobby I-” Dean didn’t know how to finish that sentence. He knows he’s failing as sounding like he’s keeping it together because, guess what? He was freaking the fuck out.
“What tell ya; I’ve had to take care of more than my fair share of injuries – though none quite like this, gotta say.” Dean shot him a charming smile but Cas wasn’t convinced of the carefree attitude that Dean was presenting himself with. He couldn’t think that having to stitch yourself back up over and over again was anything less than miserable. He felt a pang of sympathy for the hunter. Hunting was, needless to say, a dangerous job. A job which you weren’t paid for doing nor got much, if any, thanks for and it almost always ended in the inevitable demise of the hunter.
Before him stood a roughed up man, his clothes soaked in what Cas thought was the man’s own blood, judging by the state of him. He had a large gash down his cheek and there was a tear that had ripped through to the skin of his chest. He looked like he’d gone through a few rounds with a grizzly bear. Accompanying him was his wolf daemon who didn’t look to be in much better shape – but she wouldn’t be. Even if the she hadn’t been fighting another daemon, she’d feel the pain her human was in.
“What’s wrong with him?” the hunter barked, panicked, quickly leaning in to touch his brother shoulders to keep him from moving too much.
“Please believe me when I say that I left them as soon as I was able.” Technically, that was true but he’d been young and too afraid to leave when Gabriel did. He’d left years after his brother and regretted every moment that he’d stayed with his family and not took off with Gabriel.
Sofia stretched out next to him, showing her razor sharp teeth in a massive yawn. She blinked lazily and made no move to stand and didn’t look like she would any time soon. Cas shifted slowly, rolling from his side onto his back but he couldn’t bring himself to slide off of the mattress and on to his feet. Through blurry eyes, he noticed the soft morning light was peeking through the edges of the blackout curtains and quietly groaned - today would likely be as tiring as the previous. And judging by the sound coming from outside his bedroom door, it may even be more so.
The doubt that had filled Dean dissipated. He felt the blush crawl up his neck and bloom burning red all over his face. “Cas, you can’t say soppy shit like that.”
Dean cut him off, “See it?! Are you blind? It’s the colour of a fucking tomato! You can see it perfectly well from there!” He didn’t want that asshole any closer to him. If he couldn’t control his magic then he shouldn’t be anywhere near him. And neither should Sam. Bobby had been wrong about this guy.
Milton Medical had hurt Dean and whilst Cas didn’t know how, or to what extent and Cas himself certainly hadn’t had anything to do with it, helping his brother was the least he could do. It might even prove to Dean that he was on the opposite side of the spectrum to most of the rest of his family.
He scowled. “Thanks, Bobby,” he said, dryly. He knew he wasn’t great company and eventually he’d move on if that’s what Cas wanted but today just was not that day. It wasn’t like all he’d done was wait around for Cas or for Sam for that matter. At first, he’d got his car and spent time taking her apart and fixing her up again. This was totally redundant, of course, but he liked the rhythm of it, the distraction. He’d visited people and then decided if Ellen could have a bar in Heaven, so could he. He just hadn’t been in the mood to desire it into Heaven’s existence yet.
He closed his laptop and pushed it away, finally admitting defeat to actually getting any written work done, “I don’t know what to do,” he said it so quietly that even if there were other people present, only Sofia would be able to hear him, “I should hate them but I don’t.”
“If Castiel hadn’t pulled that handprint stunt, I might even be impressed.” She was lying at the foot of the bed, Sam’s legs next to her under a white quilt, her head rested on the soft fabric.
“He better have an excellent excuse for this noise,” Sofia grumbled, flexing her claws. Cas watched through narrowed eyes – he didn’t wanted claw sized holes in his bed sheets. They’d already had to replace several sets since she’d settled for that reason. He didn’t understand why she kept doing it.
As Dean came down to swing his fist, Cas reacted instantly, pushing his hand to Dean’s chest and let his grip on a small fraction of his magic pulse straight into the hunter as the fist came down – but it never landed. Magic sent him flying back down the hall where he started. Except this time he was on the floor. But it wasn’t for long. The move had already served its purpose, though, and Cas was up on his feet.
Dean’s momentum as he crashed into him sent them both straight to the floor. Cas didn’t even try to avoid it, he only braced himself and restrained the tight coil of magic that hissed at him to be let free. His magic had reacted oddly to Dean last time; he didn’t want to find out what it would do at almost full strength.
Dean got out of his car, slamming the door behind him, hard enough it should have shattered the glass but since this was heaven, the Impala barely shook. Somehow that just made things worse and he now wanted to take a crowbar to the windows to see how long it took them to crack and smash.
“I need your help.” The words seemed to be almost forced from his mouth, obviously unable to conceal his disgust at the very thought of asking a non-human for help. Typical hunter. It was also said in such a way that it felt like an order more than a request which really made Castiel want to slam the door in this guy’s face. With the attitude the hunter displayed, the warlock didn’t feel that inclined to help him, in fact Cas was more tempted to finish him off more than anything. By the looks of it, it wouldn’t take much.
Sam jerked on the bed, his body tensing and his head thrashed on the pillow. His eyes were screwed shut. The magic was resisting him after all.
Castiel took both of their plates over to the sink and turned the tap on, “If you have any questions, I’ll answer them honestly.”
The hunter shrugged, “Someone’s got to do it,” he said, trying to make himself comfortable on the chair across from Castiel, “Why not us?” His face grimaced as he wriggled in his chair.
“You had no right,” Dean said, his throat raw, and began to close the distance between them. “You left me.” It was far more complicated than that, he knew, and yet he couldn’t help but simplify it to the words that had echoed in his head since It had happened.
The only effect this session would have would be to slow or even stop the rate of infection. Stopping it wasn’t going to be biggest problem - it was removing the damaging magic of the curse from his arm and then, most difficult of all, the source of dark magic in his palm.
Heaven was now designed so that if you wanted to see someone, all you had to do was take a walk or a drive and you’d find yourself, sooner or later, with the person, or angel in this case, you wanted to see.
Dean’s eyes fluttered closed for a moment. Even though both Bobby and Charlie had said he was alive, it still made his chest and throat tighten as the simple greeting rang in his ears. He almost didn’t want to turn to look in case it was a trick that would crumble to dust the moment he laid eyes on him.
“Yeah?” Dean backed off from Castiel and ran his fingers the fir on his daemon’s head. “Okay, well, next time I’ll just leave you where you are,”
“Trying to help your brother,” Cas deadpanned. If the hunter was going to let him, that was. And from the corner of his eyes he could see Sofia’s position; she looked ready to attack if necessary. “Do you want me to save him or not? I would estimate that he has but a few hours left.”
The only response Cas received was silence and after a minute or so, he thought that was the only answer he would get. He expected a nod, nothing more, because he couldn’t blame him if wanted to leave. Bobby might know someone else anyway and now that Sam was stable it gave them chance to consider somebody else.
He turned away and stared down at himself, realising that he’d slept in the clothes he’d worn the day before.
As soon as Sam had been settled back in the guest room and the warlock had check him over for any sign of deterioration, he’d insisted that they have breakfast but Dean wasn’t feeling hungry at all after he’d found that picture. He attempted to, as politely as he could, refuse the offer but Cas insisted. It was also hard to refuse a bacon sandwich. He was only human.
The warlock hovered over him, avoiding contact with the daemon, looking at the curse that was spreading up his arm and had started its track along the man’s shoulder. Twisting the guy’s arm so that Cas could see the palm of his hand, he could inspect the thoughtful little signature that the witch had gifted to him - a small black mark that looked almost like a knotted rope.
Dean laughed a little hopelessly and perhaps slightly manically, “Well, surprise, guess you fell in love with an idiot.” The moment he said it, he flinched. Face dropping and gaze falling to the floor.
How was he supposed to solve this? His brother couldn’t die. Protecting Sam was his job, a job which had been drilled into him from the moment his mother had passed.
“No, Cas. You got your speech; I damn well get mine so just shut up and let me talk.” Dean took a breath. “You mean pretty much everything to me, Cas and the fact I never told you that is one of my biggest regrets. I thought.” He swallowed. “I thought I’d never see you again. That that was our big fucking tragic ass ending and you know what I accepted it because when has my life ever been fair. But now? I feel like I’ve been given a second chance and I’m not wasting it.” His heart was thundering in his chest. “Cas, I love you. I’m stupidly and completely in love with you and fuck you for making me wait to say that. Asshole.” A weight lifted from his shoulders; Dean didn’t think he’d felt so light before.
Dean half carried, half dragged his brother to his impala, his injuries and Sam’s height making it a hell of a lot more difficult to do any more than that. His wolf daemon didn’t have quite the same problem; Indira was carrying Sam’s unconscious crow daemon carefully in her jaws.
Dean slammed the door shut, opened the driver’s door and clambered awkwardly into the seat. He shifted uncomfortably as he revved the engine. When he’d figured out what to do with Sam, he needed to check his own injuries. He was bitterly aware of his lack of options. Dean thumped his fist on the steering wheel.
Cas could feel the hunter watching him like a hawk; he was stood on the opposite side of the bed seeming as if he might pounce if Cas so much as looked at his brother wrong. He decided to break the silence, “What do I call you?” he let the unconscious man’s hand fall to the mattress.
The hunter knew the hesitation for what it was and rolled his eyes, “See, you don’t trust me either. I’m not going to trying and kill you or whatever. You’re helping my brother – it’d be a pretty shitty move on my part,” Cas still wasn’t convinced so Dean continued, “If it makes you feel any better, I’ll be with Sammy. I’m not gonna snoop. I promise.”
Dean looked as if he didn’t know whether or not to be offended by Cas’ comment or not and then he shrugged, “I don’t like magic.”
“You’re a hunter,” Cas said smoothly, leaning against the door frame, his daemon standing slightly behind him, her posture infinitely more rigid. This man didn’t look like he should be standing, much less fighting anything so Castiel wasn’t worried, “What do you want?”
“Dean Winchester you need to get off your ass and stop feeling sorry for yourself - that won’t bring Cas back.”
“I would prefer not to. If that’s all you wanted?” Cas said, and Dean knew he was a moment away from disappearing on him since it seems his wings had been restored.
Dean finally gaged his eyes open and he gave Cas an unhappy smile, “You left a damn picture in the guest room.”
He must have said it aloud because Cas responded, “Dean, I am so sorry. It was an accident,” and then Cas was crouched down with him, the warlock reached out to steady himself on the bedframe obviously still affected by trying to heal Sam. The cat daemon pushed her head against Cas and flicked her tail around his ankle.
A cruel thought entered his mind and a flash of agony went through him; Cas might have bought this house with his family’s blood money. Outwardly, he tried to keep his face blank but he was unaware of how successful that was.
Dean nodded. He really did not want to have a hand print scorched on to his arm any longer than necessary. Castiel lead the way, followed by his weird cat daemon who’s balance was presently faring better than her warlock’s. Dude needed to take a break. As soon as he got his weird healing crap from the warlock, he’d mention it.
He titled his head and met Dean’s glare, “And yet you treat everyone who’s not human with distrust and distain?”
The wolf daemon growled, sight fixated on Cas’ hissing margay, perhaps sensing that he was not feeling particularly charitable today – at least to hunters. Cas didn’t care. Like he said, the man in front of him currently looked like he was about to fall over without any help whatsoever from him, so he wasn’t exactly feeling threatened.
As Cas returned to the kitchen, he felt a powerful jolt run through him. The jar he was carrying slipped through his hand and smashed on the tiled floor. Castiel flinched away from the mess. Pieces of glass and petal lay before him but he couldn’t even comprehend the damage – too distracted by the force. Someone had just tripped his wards. Actually it was more like they stumbled into them so violently that Cas could still feel a sort of aftershock. A ricochet from the contact. Sofia’s head whipped round to his and she made a deep rumbling sound.
“It’s okay, kid, just tell me what happened,” Bobby does a better job than Dean could ever do at remaining calm when Sam is hurt.
Cas cut himself off as Dean curled his hands into his trench coat and yanked him into a tight hug, Cas gripping him just as hard as if he couldn't stop himself. Dean shut his eyes and buried his face into the angel’s shoulder, breathing in the slight scent of ozone, something he’d learned to associate with angels.
Another problem to add to the list was Castiel’s magic was starting to feel like an elastic band that was ready to snap; he needed a break to regroup himself before beginning again but he continued. He knew that stopping now would not stop the curse running through the younger hunter. Sweat begin to form on his forehead. Starting from scratch was not a viable option; now that the path was carved, the curse would quickly return to where it had reached previously. Just a little more power and he could stop it from spreading.
As Bobby had recommended him, he was allowing himself to let the warlock do his work but he obviously wasn’t about to start trusting him. The warlock was a means to an end to help his little brother. He didn’t even know how well Bobby knew the guy. Bobby was a hunter, so why he even knew a warlock was a mystery.
What he saw next was not at all what he’d expected. His patient was lying on the floor just before the stairs at the top of the hall, his raven daemon on his chest. A couple of boxes filled with old items destined for his loft were no longer stack neatly, but cluttering up the path along the upstairs.
“Fine. I’m going. I’m going! Not like I can really get drunk here anyway.” He finished his last beer, grabbed his phone (don’t ask him how they worked in Heaven) off the bar and got off the stool. “And if any of you see Cas-”
“We’re gonna be alright,” she said. Indira was always the one to say it ever since they were young and she would curl around his neck as a small furry creature or he’d hug her into his chest when he was upset or scared. It had happened regularly since his old man had been, more often than not, drunk or messed up after rough hunts. And then he had to keep Sam out of the way.
As Dean downed another beer, he could hear Bobby calling him an idjit to Ellen who was working behind the bar. He rolled his eyes and nodded at Ellen for another. She narrowed her eyes as she popped off a lid and slid another over to him.
Dean could really get used to this. He hadn’t had the chance to settle down before; that dream had been crushed just before he could retire from hunting and realise it, but now he could be with Cas, see all his loved ones, eventually that would include Sam whenever the sasquatch kicked it. But there was something else missing.
He clutched the steering wheel, his knuckles turning white. He wanted to scream. Break something. He turned the key in the engine, letting Baby purr and drove her far into the middle of nowhere so no one could watch him do what he was about to do. Except probably Jack.
“I suppose not,” Cas muttered. If Dean said she was dead, then he supposed it didn’t really matter anymore.
Cas blocked the fist that pummelled towards his face, using his magic to strengthen himself against the blows so he’d be less effected. Just one of the many tricks he’d learned from his brother Gabriel. Cas stumbled backwards. There were a few way this could go: Cas could wait for Dean to tire himself out and continue using his magic defensively, or he could subdue Dean and get him to inform him what the problem was. It was taking all of his restraint not to unleash his power and the more Dean tried to hurt him (or kill him – because Cas wasn’t sure the man would stop) it yanked at the threads that were tightly wrapped round his magic and his control.
Castiel couldn’t help a small smile at the directness of the statement. He didn’t know what he would have done without his daemon, especially after he’d left home. The bond between a person and their daemon was the strongest bond there was. Sofia was the external physical manifestation of his soul – without her he’d be nothing more than a shell. A life without a daemon, Cas thought, must be incredibly lonely.
Sofia prowled across the table top, pacing back and forth until Castiel gave her a stern glare. Briefly she stopped, tilting her head and then, deliberately slow, continued to cover the surface of the table and brushed her tail across the screen of Castiel’s laptop every time she went past.
He also didn’t have any on speed dial – no surprises there. But he did have the next best thing. Sort of.
Sofia met his eyes curiously. There was no point smiling reassuringly because he couldn’t lie to her; she would know.
“Yes, Dean, I am. I’m not sorry I saved your life but I’m sorry you didn’t get to live more. You shou-”
Castiel had been delighted when Sofia had settled into her margay shape; he would have been pleased with whatever had become her permanent form but this one in particular somehow felt perfect. A daemon always reflected their counterpart; they were after all part of the same entity though they acted somewhat independently from each other.
When Dean had managed to pull himself together, he’d pushed through his own injuries, trying to stifle the winces of pain he felt from being thrown around like the witch’s own personal rag doll, reached for the gun that had been knocked from his hands and pulled the trigger until he’d emptied the entire magazine into the witch’s chest. The only way it could have been more satisfying would have been if Sam was functional.
They didn’t talk until after both of them had finished their breakfast. Dean tried to ignore the quiet and he now realised that there must be a clock somewhere because he could hear the unrelenting ticking.
The warlock gave him a small smile, “I’m under the impression your brother is in need of some help. Shall we?” he motioned towards the door, but he didn’t move and Dean was grateful, knowing that he was waiting for Dean’s permission.
So Dean did that in the only way he can think of and leans in slowly to kiss his angel, his gaze flicked to Cas and after a moment of brief surprise, Cas met him halfway. The press of the angel’s lips and Dean was gone. It was momentary slightly awkward, but then it became good,
“Stop lying,” Dean tugged at his brother, attempting to pick his up but not having an easy time of, still injured from the day before.
He felt a phantom pain in his arm. It must have come from Sofia, who was brawling with Dean’s daemon. He had to trust she could handle herself. She could, he knew that, but there was a huge amount of vulnerably that came with having a daemon. There was no avoiding it. Knowing he was connected to an entity that was separate and that could be injured which could, in turn, could injure him always made Cas feel nervous when in a fight. But everyone else had the same problem. Well, mostly everyone.
“Please,” it was whispered, almost too quiet for Cas to hear. Even the hunter’s red wolf had backed off and ceased her snarling.
“I imagine he’s in excruciating pain,” Castiel said bluntly but when he saw Dean’s face fall and his eyes reflecting distress at the comment, he sort of wished he’d told him differently. Or lied. He didn’t know why he cared. What he hadn’t informed the hunter of, though, was that Cas’ power was probably making things worse; the poisonous black magic wasn’t reacting well and causing a more painful experience for its host. But it wasn’t the pain that would kill him. Worse was that Sam’s skin was beginning to glow noticeably which was the tell-tale sign that too much power was gathering within his body.
