Peter’s expression turns grim, staring daggers at Flash. His eyes narrow in despise at the sight in front of him. Flash was frowning. There were so little hurt and guilt on his face but somehow fear and alarm was visible. Peter inwardly hums in confusion.
“Wait Tony—yeah, he’s gone.” Steve shouts out but soon stops due to Ned’s warning to not make a ruckus.
“You, make sure the lightings are set! And put those fire extinguishers away quickly! Flash, your hair needs more hair spray on the side—
“Tony… We had just finished our fight against Thanos, don’t bring more trouble, please.” Rhodey looks up from his newspaper, narrowing his eyes at Tony in slight plead.
, they didn’t even get paid for all of this.
for Peter perhaps?” Loki grins mischievously.
’ across Peter.
? Are we here to see Animals performance? Tony didn’t say anything about it!” Mantis replies in confusion, tilting her head to the side.
“We should get him more training on how to threaten those
“See for yourself,
at him by seeing how Peter is eyeing him with such a murderous glare. That mortal should be
“Yeah, some people do tend to bully the person they care about, huh… I guess this applies to you, Sam.” Scott being experience with parenting agreed with Bucky about Sam’s way of showing endearment. Sam looked offended but the slight blush gave it away.
“As for the song, I personally think it was great and moving, and I have no regrets singing it—but if I act according to the lines in the song, wouldn’t it be weird to refer myself as a ‘her’ when I’m not even wearing a woman’s costume?” Peter whines again in distress, showing signs of confusion.
“You did not lie about watching a Play,
“Indeed, I still haven’t gathered any sufficient and specific evident to put the pieces together.” Vision counters.
, sit.” He gives the Co – Director his bottle of water with his right hand and brings another chair with his left hand. The Co – Director gives him an annoyed look before taking the water.
“Yes, yes—and Flash get into your position! Hey, you over there, make sure the animatic hologram is working properly on time! The play will start in one minute!
“As much as I agree with you, we must not make a scene and cause trouble.” Stephen sighs.
It's a month later, and everyone has just about settled back into the same old routine that they had prior to the mission that had gone awry.
"Really, now?" Hammer asked, pushing the doors to the house open and beckoning for the three of them to follow. "I'm sorry to hear that, Tony. I believe you'll find my lodgings much more...accommodating."
In the end, he was thrown into the back of the van all the same. He grunted at the impact, his teeth clacking together and slicing into his tongue, since his jaw muscles were still pretty much useless. His hands were partly squished between his back and the van floor, and he could already feel the burn of road rash on them.
Ezekiel hit him in the face and yeah, maybe Tony should watch his tongue sometimes.
"You—" the blonde starts, but Tony stops him with a hand on his abdomen.
He clapped a hand over his mouth to contain a sudden sob.
Boss came to stand before him and Tony held his gaze, daring him to do something.
” She shrieks, readying her weapon but was held by Quill on reflex.
In the distance, the Avengers was staring in silence.
did he do to him?” Quill retorts in anger.
The Avengers arrived at the Theater, all in their casual and comfortable clothes. Everything seems to be normal and usual—except for the fact that they’re the only ones’ present in front of the entrance. The entire parking lot was empty and quiet. All of them looks at Tony who is smirking victoriously and in glee.
“We can see that,
The curtain rises up as the piano’s tune flows, revealing a house – like setting. The room looked like a living room from the 1700’s making it felt vintage and out of their era. The classic and antic looking furniture made the living room set up felt comfier and homey. In it, there stood a person near the fireplace. Watching those fire woods burn in silent.
—you suck Quill!” Drax laughs in glee. Quill growls in irritation.
” Tony gasped in shock, already seated next to Steve, slightly crushing him since he had to look back to see Mantis.
.” Natasha mutters coldly.
“Will be going with me to their respective seats.” MJ said in her calm and relaxed tone. Ned and the Avengers was a bit startled by her sudden appearance.
“I'm in on that.” Gamora accepts the offer.
“Whatever. Just get on with it.” Flash shrugs and readied his tense expression and body. Peter nods and closes his eyes.
“I won’t, don’t worry, I’m just pointing that out. I only wanted to know if you… believed in Peter and Flash to act their role, because you look worried. Do you
“Why didn’t he tell us? Was it supposed to be a secret?” Rhodey wonders as he pats Tony on the back to calm him down.
!” Peter suddenly sneezes, surprising the heck out of everyone. He wipes his nose unconsciously, thinking that his body temperature must’ve dropped for him to sneeze out of nowhere like that.
“Ah, Lady MJ, you haven’t told us—” Thor tries to say but was cut off like Rhodey.
“Who is it?” Bucky states in a cold tone. He better knows this person’s information if he wants to approve them. Slip some listening bugs on said person. And more on Peter too. He’s that overprotective,
“I just gotta see the drama around them, you know,
Peter continues to turn clockwise, this time seeing themselves hand in hand, at their supposed marriage scene. He couldn’t help but cringed inwardly at the sight.
Peter continues along with the line as the hologram portrays him crying on the woman’s shoulder, being hug in the process. Flash kept stepping back in fear, not knowing what causes it.
"No!" he yelled, voice slurring badly, "Off! Off!" He struggled, but the woman stayed leaned over the leg. He felt another sharp pain and then the woman got up, something held in her hand.
"No!" Tony gritted through his teeth, unwilling to go through with being restrained again. He fought against Bates and the bodyguard, making it hard for her to slip the cuff over his wrist. He growled and tried to push himself away from the pillar while Bates crowded him against it. When she finally managed to buckle the cuff, she took hold of his other hand and Bates held fast onto the cuffed one.
Tony squirmed under the hand on his neck. "We never explicitly agreed on me crawling," he bit out.
"She's going to screw this up," Rhodey said with an clipped tone, banging his bare fist against the reinforced one-way mirror. Natasha didn't as much as react to the sound. "We won't get her to trial if she can plead coercion." He looked at Steve. He looked torn, just as Steve felt, and the look in his eyes was urgent. But his sense of morale was stronger than Steve's, since he continued, "Tell her to stop."
Steve is silent for a moment.
"Whose fault was it that so many people got hurt?" Ezekiel clarified.
"First, you gotta finish your plate, honey," Tony tells her, pointing at the meal that is hardly half-eaten. "You know the rules."
Four hacked security cameras. A couple of knocked out goons. One alarm they set off that JARVIS intercepted before it went into the system. One and a half doors that Thor managed to destroy nigh silently.
"Thank him," he said and Tony bit his tongue.
One of Steve's arms winds around his back, the other cups his neck, holding him still. They kiss long and good, making it heated and languid at the same time. By the end of it, Tony is wet and he can tell that Steve smells it on him.
He finds none.
Tony sighed. "Okay, fix me a plate of something. Rosie had soup for lunch a couple of hours ago, and she'll probably be hungry by the time you're ready, so go ahead and make enough for her, too." Rogers smiles at him.
T for
“I hope so, Director. But I’ll do my best. We worked so hard after all.” Peter agrees to the Director with a grin. He was about to answer when the Co – Director retorts and glares confusedly at the Director.
“As expected, Peter succeed my expectation.” Gamora smiles proudly at the slender and small figure of Peter.
Peter holds his right hand out forcefully, while the other tries to wipe his tears away. Glaring at Flash who somehow looked like he’s being terrorized and traumatized at the moment. Peter pay no mind and resumed his act.
hurt.” Bruce mutters quietly in a desperate tone, seemingly forcing Hulk to calm down.
?” Quill blurts out loudly.
“I must thank you for the hospitality you’ve shown. And Tony's extravagant needs.” Vision express his gratitude, which earns several nods and agreement. In which Tony scoffed at, he wasn’t that troublesome.
, no man should back down on their vows of spending the eternity together!” Drax howls in protest, absolutely against the scene he had just seen.
In the Backstage, reactions from the crew can be heard.
talk back to me.” He retorts back annoyingly at the airhead Director but sits on the chair anyway.
?” Bruce winces at dark aura the group emitted. Tony who noticed this arched an eyebrow at the team in curiosity and amusement.
—!” Thor stood up in anger but was forced to sit down by two power sources. The two – magic wielder cast off their spells releasing a sigh. Loki and Stephen glares at him in annoyance.
.” Bucky nods in reflex, replying in Russian as well. Roger that.
! Exactly what I was thinking Rhodes! You know me so well!” Tony exclaimed happily.
’ MJ whistles in amusement.
“H – He…
He returned to his former demeanor, looking at Flash in a distrustful way. As if looking at a complete stranger. Two more holograms appeared to Flash’s right and left, glitching rapidly. Those two holograms pictures Flash; one when he was
“No, you’re entrancing. Just wait ‘till you act your role with MJ's costume.” Ned exclaimed excitedly. Peter sighs in distress.
The team stayed silent the whole time as they followed MJ’s instruction.
“Anyway, does this thing you’re planning had anything to do with the little squirt? If it is I’m sure as hell will be joining you.” Sam snickers in amusement. I mean, pranking Peter is one of the most amusing and fun thing he’ll ever done as an Avengers besides fighting aliens.
“Ah, Mr. Stark! Welcome! I’ve been waiting for you.” Ned said quickly. Tony glance at him as he walks to the younger teen.
didn’t feel any guilt, he is going
you all can be.” Bruce fixes his glasses in its position, glancing not so secretly to the noisy ones.
Peter was practicing his move and lines on top of the stage, re – doing some of the parts he considers tricky. When he finished, he grabs his towel and rubs his sweat covered face swiftly, tired from all of that acting and singing.
“Heh, can’t wait to see Flash’s reaction when the team got their hands on him—” MJ said but was cut off by Ned.
“How much freaking money did you spend on this anyway?” Quill shrieks in dumbfound.
“Hey Ned, you’ve arranged our seats? I want mine to be in the dead center. And so are the others.” Tony greets cheekily, handing Ned the golden ticket.
“You can burn that kid as well, honey. Those bad memories will
A person, also another boy, enters the living room setting. The boy looks tense and somehow guilty. Peter crouches down in response as if knowing that the boy was there despite his back was facing him.
right now!” Gamora howls in protest to Quill.
“Indeed. Young Peter needed comfort more than he needs trouble. He is a young warrior to fight alongside us Avengers.” Thor announce proudly, gagging Loki’s neck as he booms happily. Loki almost chokes on his tea because of his brother’s interruption.
Unbeknownst to Peter, both Ned and MJ look at each other silently before dragging Peter out to have some lunch. He needs high protein to function after all.
.” MJ points at the screen lazily. Ned follows her gaze and saw Peter in his tears, eyeing Flash in a betrayed look added with a furious intent. Ned blinks a while before gasping.
“Yeah! Stay away from him you
“I suspected he would do something extravagant like this.” Stephen hums quietly.
“So, MJ. In the scale of one to ten, how would Peter fare tonight with this Play?” Ned whispers, seeing the big screen in the control room. MJ shrugs in respond.
The Avengers went silent, listening closely at Angelica's line. The girls however seemed to suspect a deeper meaning to that quote like sentence.
’…” Ned mutters weakly.
“No way… I look weird acting a girl’s part.”
“That
! We’re getting off topic here!” Tony shouts in a whiny tone, slamming the kitchen counter impatiently. Everyone was in silence once more but was broken when Tony held up a Gold – Colored paper in his right hand,
! Don’t waste any more time! And
“I apologize for the trouble we cause… Ned, was it? Please bear with our ruckus.” Steve apologies sincerely, dragging Tony by the shoulder.
“You can be
, if those two aren’t
“Oh, that’s Peter!” Drax waved to him funnily. This earns some glares and shushes.
“We shouldn’t mess with furious ladies.” T’Challa states quietly.
“Peter, you were great during practice—I’m sure you’ll do well tonight. Flash, we also need you to put more hurt and pained expression during the Play. A hint of fear and worry would be appreciated as well.” He states confidently in an encouraging tone. Flash only nods and Peter returned his smile with a goofy grin.
“Peter, have you seen yourself in practice? You were so immersed and into it that it’s like looking at a totally different person.” Ned explained honestly.
?” The reactions everyone have when they come to realize the same thing.
, burn that garbage to
on his wrist harder.
“Well, he’s a Stark. That’s what they all do.” Scott exclaimed in amusement.
“You okay, Pete? We don’t want to have you sick and sneezing during the Play, you know?” MJ asks looking up as she re – checked Peter’s clothes/costumes. Peter nodded weakly.
, Peter…!” Mantis widens her eyes in shock.
Peter throws his hand to the side, while the other one wipes the overwhelming tears from his eyes. The room suddenly went darker as shadows forms around them, matching a human shape as smirks were plastered on their lips, staring at the two only human in glee and entertainment.
?” Rocket snorts in disgust.
“Hey, slow down, they’re superheroes, not some insane murderers—they won’t make any physical move on Flash with Peter watching them.”, MJ reasons. But quickly a smirk was formed. “But I doubt they won’t terrorized him
“Huh? Why the
“Heck yeah we should, do you have any plans?” Clint was the first one to registered Tony’s suggestion after his sudden outburst. Bruce walking behind Tony — where they had just done some
need to mention it Peter!” Scott cursed loudly.
“Mortals ideas of erasing one’s existence are very interesting.” Loki whispers mischievously. T’Challa beside him sweat dropped as he shook his head.
, I don’t know how to respond to that—but if you
. Let Bucky loose and give him permission to kill that—” Tony’s eyes were clouded, still eyeing the Play sharply.
, Peter should not associate with the likes of him.” Bucky growls.
” Ned grew pale and whispers harshly. That doesn’t make it any less better.
Once seated, Hammer lifted his hand and motioned with it, flapping it at Marco and Becker. "You can leave now. We're good here." They looked towards the wall, and Tony watched as Bates nodded at the two and they cleared out of the room.
Bates moved behind him and cut the zip ties with a pocket knife. After Tony's wrists were free, he lingered by his back. Tony tried not to be bothered by it.
you?"
It was bright outside, he could tell that much even with his eyes closed. The sunshine came from up high, so Tony presumed it was currently around noon. For a big chunk of the hour that they had driven they hadn't made any turns, proceeding straight forward with great speed, if the low-frequency noise permeating the car had been anything to go by. They had been on the highway for a long time, before taking a turn to another road, this one bumpier, less smooth, perhaps a gravel road. Soon after that, twenty minutes or so, the car had stopped.
The fact that his kidnappers seemingly routinely took part in mindless blabbing, paired with the persistent cigarette smoke that clung to the interior of the car had grated on Tony's frazzled nerves like nothing else, but he had kept his silence, trying to focus on the passage of time and the turns they took instead of everything else that was going on.
"He's early," Hammer was saying when he tuned back into reality. He was eyeing his wristwatch, an annoyed frown etched between his eyebrows. He stood up, meeting Tony's gaze as he straightened out his suit. "He must be eager to see you again, hm?"
Tony nodded slowly, eyeing the chair. "Got it," he said.
Barton grins at him. "Sure, I'll come with. Cap comin' too?"
, that is."
"You're up early this morning," Rogers comments, moving over to grab the juice from the fridge. His shirt clings to his back with sweat and he's slightly out of breath. A morning run, then.
"Are we there?" he asked, and his voice was unfamiliar.
When Ezekiel finally turned his face back to look at him, however, eyes filled with hate again, Tony doubted that was the case. His hands had begun shaking again and he admonished himself silently for the fact.
He was just about to glance at the clock and wonder when he should go and wake Rosie up, when a hand touches his chin. He flinches
Tony is frustrated to say the least, but he does know why doing it this way is necessary. And necessary it
Tony rolls his eyes. "Yes, still taking care of alien affairs and all that."
"Yes," he agreed, nodding to convince himself just as much as the others, "we will."
Ezekiel studied him for a moment and Tony finally grew tired of it.
"Everyone, get out!" Steve turns and commands the room at large. It consists of numerous smaller cells, all of which have their doors open by now. The people in them look tired and wary, but they seem to recognize Captain America's uniform and the alpha in it, their eyes glued to Steve and only Steve. Tony wants to share an exasperated look with Clint, but it feels somehow inappropriate. These people have been held in these cells for who knows how long, so maybe Tony can grant them a little rudeness.
Ezekiel's footsteps returned and Tony's breath caught in his throat as he felt the crop striking his bruised back again. He gasped and leaned forward, upper body folding over his thighs.
Jim stared at the alley wall, eyeing the mortar-filled gaps up and down, glaring hard at the red brick, as if he was willing the wall to reveal its secrets.
All that collateral damage." He hit him again. "So, you can claim that you saved humanity from Thanos, but that's not what happened, is it. You saved what was
Speaking of the Captain. Things are...good. Progressing slowly, gradually.
Tony struggled to remember. The room was swirling, making him nauseous, and he had to close his eyes against it. "L-Last night."
Then the belt struck his ass. Tony froze beneath Becker, and Becker seemed to take that as an invitation to continue. He hit him three more times, holding Tony down by his hair as he flinched away.
"Tony?" Steve croaks, grabbing Tony's hand and covering it with his larger one, and Tony uses his free hand to quickly pour and bring a cup of water close to Steve's face.
They wouldn't be thinking that if they knew Tony's history. The partying, the alcohol, the one-night stands....Not that Tony'd ever been with an alpha, since a one-night stand with an alpha might always escalate to a mating bite. Sure, there for certain were alphas that would be 100% trustworthy of staying in control and respecting Tony's boundaries during sex. Tony just hadn't met any that he could be 100% sure were worth of that trust. Rhodey, yes, but that guy was like a brother to him. Also, while right now he wasn't technically breaking any clauses in his contract, since the faithfulness part had been worded in a way that implied it only being demanded once the marriage was in effect (like he'd said,
It had come from an abandoned industrial hall that to Steve resembled some type of a factory. When him and Rhodey made their way to it, however, Rhodes' scans confirmed the building disappointingly empty. They had hastily landed near the entrance.
"Yes," he gasps out finally, eyes desperately scanning the other man to find any sign of dishonesty. Any sign, that would make alarm bells go off inside his head. Any sign, that Steve would ever hurt him.
"Uh huh?"
"I was going to follow you, anyway," Tony grumbled at Becker as he was pushed down to the floor. Becker glowered at him as he leaned in, fastening another zip tie around the chain of the cuffs and the bed leg.
The five of them were the only Avengers in the living room, although they weren't the only ones enlisted in the initiative, or who would be involved in getting Tony back.
When he was done, he grabbed Tony's neck and the smaller man tensed at the touch. Becker didn't squeeze however; the grip was just to warn him and keep him in place. Tony glared daggers at him, unable as he was to otherwise fight the hold.
After a moment the door opened and closed, and Tony was left alone with Ezekiel. He stayed quiet as the other man began pacing the room, controlling his breathing to remain calm and listening to the steady footsteps of well-tailored leather shoes.
Steve gives him a terse nod, and Rosie mumbles a soft goodbye to which Rick replies to with a wave of his hand. Tony doesn't bother saying anything, just curls his arms tighter around Rose and lets the book fall from his hand and land on top of the covers of Steve's bed.
Tony just smiled back at him, watching his expressions attentively. Eventually, Hammer raised his eyes and met Tony's gaze again. "Bates," he said, and Tony imagined Pepper there, screaming at him that he was out of his mind, going out of his way to bait Hammer.
"Huh?" Rogers replies brainily. "Uh, no reason, just wondering. How does Rose react to him being away? I mean, I don't want to intrude or imply anything, but the man seems to hardly be at home. I'm just wondering how she's holding up." The alpha looks extremely uncomfortable after his admission, shifting slightly on his feet and twitching his fingers around his glass. Their friendship is still tentative at best, and Tony figures that Rogers doesn't want to offend Tony and start another fight. They had gotten off the wrongest leg possible, after all.
He shakes Tony again as if to emphasize his words and then holds the boy's gaze, eyes unloving and calculating. It makes Tony's hands shake and he purses them into fists.
The door by his feet popped open. He was reclined on the backseat of the car. "Time to wake up, sleeping beauty," the man at the door sneered at him. Tony finally recognized him — Becker.
Tony didn't say anything, and so Ezekiel hit him with the baton again.
When he reached the door, Marco turned to look at him and Tony felt sweat prick the back of his neck. His first irrational thought was that Marco had somehow read his mind. That wasn't the case however; Tony watched as Marco brought his finger up to his lips and his eyes widened as the other man pulled out a gun from his duffel bag.
"Shit," he curses and summons JARVIS to bring in the firepower. "Get down!" he yells over his shoulder and starts firing his repulsors at the agents. Unsurprisingly, they open fire to answer his and Tony is forced into a crouch, armor covered knee coming up to shield his body and a gauntleted hand to protect his face. Some bullets ricochet off of his gauntlet and chest plate, and he knows that even his armor can't take the bullets forever. Much less the people camping behind him.
Tony stares at him, eyes wide. He scoffs. "Like hell I will! I'm already wearing a damn ring for fuck's sake." He dearly hopes that Rose is in too deep of a sleep to wake up to hearing her parents yelling at each other, especially with the amount of swearwords Tony's utilizing.
"Speking of oaths, I have another one," she spoke over Rhodey again. She turned her head back to look at him, the smile still on her face. "Doctor-patient confidentiality."
They had driven for a few minutes, Tony seething and sweating in his tuxedo, the vehicle taking crazy turns and disturbing the general New York traffic, when their driver seemed to calm down at least, slowing down into a more tolerable speed. Back Pain seemed to take that as his cue, pulling out a handheld LED light from the space between the narrow bench that he sat on and the wall separating the driver's side of the van. He clicked it on, illuminating the cramped space with white light.
"Stop it," Tony says. "There's nothing neither of us can do."
"No."
"Let it go, Steve," he says, trying to cool off the situation with the use of Rogers' first name. It does the trick, and with a downwards glance at Tony, one last withering look at the alpha female's back, he sighs and backs down.
Steve just huffed without any real mirth behind it. "Let's keep—"
He was twelve years old, thirteen in a few weeks. A late bloomer, was what his Mother had said about him, smiling and swirling the wine in her glass. Most of his friends had already presented, some soon after they'd turned eleven, some closer to twelve. Lately it had been just him and his classmate Tobias that hadn't yet been assigned to the classes intended for their genders.
"Thank me by helping me out of these ropes," Tony said, trying to sound encouraging but landing on snappish. Well, he would blame it on his shitty day.
"It's okay," Tony interrupted her, trying to find his most soothing tone, "What's your name?"
Tony thought, not for the first time that day.
The other alpha's eyes narrow dangerously, eyes flickering from Rogers' face down to Tony's throat where his mating bite was on display.
Ezekiel let out a sudden, choked off sound like he was holding back a sob. "Her wounds from the crash were not fatal, but she passed away within the week. You know why?"
"Oh, friends? They as cute as you?" she went on, regardless, flashing her white teeth at him. Tony furrowed his brow at her.
They are together in Tony and Rick's kitchen, Tony making sauce from tomatoes and chickpeas and Rose playing with her astronaut toy, her Leia Organa figurine and (curiously enough) some wooden ladles acquired from the kitchen, when JARVIS announces that there's a private call for Tony.
He didn't bother waiting for longer than fifteen minutes before asking Becker to let him use the toilet.
"Okay," Rose replies with a sleepy smile. "G'night, Daddy."
"Steve, relax. I'm not rushing into a fight, I'm just making sure these people get the fuck out of here. You're almost here, anyway."
Ezekiel seemed almost bored to be asked, but he obliged Tony nevertheless, "Along with a few of your trinkets, my father also left me with some old files and a backdoor access to your servers. Honestly, when I dug it all up a few months ago when I started formulating all this in my head, I was surprised when the access actually worked. You probably noticed that, right?" Ezekiel huffed, "Your AIs were quick to kick my specialist out of the mainframe, but he was fast enough to gather some intel that would work in my favor."
A desperate thought fought itself to the forefront of his mind,
"Let me ask you another question, this one not rhetorical," Ezekiel interrupted him. Tony noticed that he had abandoned the baton, letting it fall down to the floor, but at this point it didn't seem to make much of a difference — Tony's body was racked with pain, high-strung with fear and misery. Ezekiel didn't need the baton anymore — he had Tony right where he wanted him.
"You've eaten today? Coffee doesn't count."
"'Richard'," Steve reads the name out loud. Tony shrugs.
The wedding night was no better than the wedding day.
"I need you to work with me here," Marco said as Tony panicked, arching and twisting against his hold. He was looming over Tony, suffocating him with no real effort, terrifying him just to prove a point. "I'm not that unreasonable, you gotta realize that. I just need you to cooperate with me for the duration of this trip, okay?"
"I know doctors that can kill with the snap of their fingers, so you being a doctor really isn't any excuse, miss," he said. He wasn't sure whether Strange would appreciate his assessment on him, but it would have to do for now. He was in a pinch.
"Brace him against the van," Boss instructed Luis, who obediently pulled him up and sat him on the end of the van, between the open back doors. He was already capable of keeping his head up, but he did end up leaning heavily against one of the two benches in the van.
He needed to get out.
they going do?
Tony felt cold all over. He tried to push himself up, but he was trembling and everything was hurting from the beating. He stared at Ezekiel's back. "It was because of Thanos, Ezekiel."
He turned his eyes to himself then, looking himself over for the first time since he woke up. He was wearing sweatpants and a t-shirt, neither of which belonged to him, and no socks or shoes. His whole body ached, but the pain was especially palpable on his left leg and right arm, beneath the bandages where the tracker chips had been cut out.
"That wasn't our intention," Tony said, forcing his voice to stay steady despite the enormous guilt crushing him with its weight. He tried to push the memories down, but they kept on surging right up to the front of his mind.
Ezekiel chuckled, letting go of Tony's hair and continuing with his pacing. "Is that why she left you? Or, why he spends all his time across the world, away from you, risking his life? Or, why your parents shipped you off to boarding school? Because they
Tony just nods.
Ezekiel made a non-committal sound, eyeing Tony's form up and down. Tony knew he must have looked awfully pathetic there where he stood, the bruises and cuts on his arms and face on display, his clothes ill-fitting and dusty from the basement and his skin pale and his eyes dull with exhaustion. He knew all that and felt impossibly conscious of it, but stubbornly refused to give into the temptation to shrink into himself.
The lights flicker back on.
Steve nods. "Of course, Tony," he says with a slight smile.
"Look at my spaceship." She shows the captain her toy, turning it clumsily in her hands as the alpha walks towards Tony and the couch.
can somehow be reversed. You will do
"Alright, this one, Rosie," Tony says when they finally reach the room, barely managing to finish his sentence before Rose is already pushing through the door without a speck of common decency. Truly, her Daddy's daughter.
He struck Tony with the cane and Tony screamed.
With that the spell is broken, and reality comes crashing back in. Steve turns his back to Tony and busies himself with repacking the first-aid kit. His movements are a little bit jerkier than a moment before.
"Why?" Tony managed. His heart was beating wildly in his chest and he was finally alert.
"Hey," Steve said, staring at the War Machine's chest plate rather than the lowered face plate.
As Tony had become more and more invested in the Avengers Initiative (not a full Avenger, but all the same a team member), Rick's stance had grown even more against Tony taking any part in it.
Tony paused, eyeing the cutlery in his hands, before continuing, "How did you get your filthy hands on my tech?" he asked bluntly and raised his gaze to look Hammer dead in the eye. He needed to capture any tells that Hammer would let slip past; he had to get his weapons
shall remain with the Darrow family, regardless of OBADIAH STANE or his possible heir.
Rick seems content with that. He's clearly aware that something has changed in the captain's behaviour, and Tony's sure that Rick knows it's because of the mark on Tony's face. Because what else could it be about?
Then, the car stopped.
"...Hammer," he gritted out, turning slowly to face the stairs that the other man was stood on top of. The man smiled down at him, spreading his arms in welcome.
"Just don't cluck about it all the way to the base," Tony cuts in, "Get it, birdboy? Cluck as in--"
"I have to go," she said, stepping away from Tony. "I've been gone for too long as it is. I'll try to figure something out, but..." Dina smiled again, but it was more of a miserable grimace than anything, "...you're on your own with this one. Sorry."
Jim ground his teeth, eyeing the other man through the HUD. He wished Steve would just go away and leave him to his brooding. But then again, perhaps having Steve here would be helpful. Even if he was a righteous prick most of the time, the man had his perks. Especially in the field.
Rosie smiles at him, never the one to miss an opportunity to talk her head off.
"Or what?" he asked.
"I know you are," Steve replied, forcing his voice to loose the sharp edge it had adopted, "But Rhodey—
"Here. May your stay in this dump be a bit more pleasant," he says, offering the book in his hand to the other alpha. Steve takes it without breaking eye contact with Rick.
"Noted," Rick replies and turns to look at Tony, leaning against the side table as his fingers work the first and the second button of his dress shit open. His tie has been discarded on top of the briefcase behind his back. "But let's not talk about work, shall we? It's our anniversary after all, love."
"You're gonna regret that, as well as all the other shit you've pulled so far," he growled, yanking Tony out of the car. He fell to the asphalt below, upper back colliding painfully with the exterior of the car.
Steve pulled his shield off of him and took a step back. "What are you doing here?"
according to Rosie) start towards the direction of the zoo, she immediately brightens up and scrambles from the bench to get a head start.
"Yes, you damn well will, omega. I will not see my only son become one of those promiscuous wenches." He yanks at Tony's hand until he's looking at Howard again. Then he slaps him.
they all hear Bruce reply.
A boot-clad foot collided with his ribs. He grunted and rolled with the impact, his back hitting the wall behind him.
"Maybe I can try to substitute Daddy, hm?" Natasha asks, since Rosie's grown rather fond of her during these last weeks, last months even, and crouches near the toddler again. "Daddy doesn't know how to do it right anyway." Rosie accepts her offer, if a little begrudgingly, and Tony shoots a grateful look in the alpha's direction. She just nods back at him.
already."
ed again and the next blow was pure agony; Becker had used the buckle end to strike him, and Tony could feel welts opening up on his back, leaking blood. He cried out.
"You will wear it, or I'll take you to our bed and make you
"Just some harmless tests," the alpha replies lightly, taking a step forward. Tony stands his ground, even while he wants to take a step back. "You know that sometimes we need to make sacrifices to further our knowledge. You
His back, unsurprisingly, was the worst of it all. It was mottled with black and blue, sticky or caked with blood on places, and there was hardly any of his normal skin color to be seen. His ass had a few welts and his knees were bruised, but fortunately nothing felt broken or infected.
Steve watched as Rhodey let the face plate slide up. He breathed for a moment, eyes moving between Natasha and the doctor. "Did you get anything?" he asked in the end. His voice was filled with equal amounts of hope and disapproval.
Steve looked through the one-way mirror as Rhodey interrogated the woman. It was afternoon now, and they had regrouped at the compound after extracting the suspect. They had managed to find a piece of hair from the factory, and matched it to a sample from the DNA database. Steve had been right — the cleanup had been clumsy.
"That's it," Steve growls, furiously exiting the kitchen with an almost equally furious Clint right behind him. Natasha remains seated, anticipating what's about to happen.
"Here you go!" Rosie tells Natasha happily when she offers her a large, blue iris.
"Yeah, I've noticed. I could've done some quick sketches, though. I'm quite good at capturing moving targets." The alpha smiles down at Tony, and the omega feels the corner of his mouth quirking up.
Furthermore, he and Steve didn't exactly part on the best of terms, and the engineer really,
“…Why do I have the feeling that I won’t like that other guy?” Bucky mutters questioningly.
“Chill. You panic too much, beside that’s not the thing you should be worried about. It’s just a silly crush.” MJ phrases with sarcasm but hinted a deeper meaning.
to do with our
?!” Wanda launched forward but was held by Vision.
Tony side glance his teammates and said, “Shall we head inside?”
!” Tony shouts irritatingly, despite not knowing what the others meant. He did not want his baby Peter to be near that sack of dirt.
you.” The Co – Director retorts, giving the Director a sharp glare. He returns it with an amused chuckle.
When we had our lunch together.” MJ recounted Peter honest carelessness.
“What’s that?” Sam asks curiously. Tony lets out a smirk and sways the paper on his hands playfully.
Peter holds the hidden button on his wrist, slowly as the song continues to flow. He needed to push it at the right time. He just hoped that Flash won’t be shocked again by the sudden flame. That would be very awkward.
Peter slip his right hand in his pocket, grabbing several already opened letters in his hand. He eyes the letter with earnest. After all, they decided to print off the real letters from him to her during their time in the past. He can also picture how betrayed and livid she must be when she found out about his affairs. Peter flips them all, walking around aimlessly, gently brushing his hands against them.
“I’m in! I’m in!” Drax exclaims.
Bruce was the first male who finally realized what he meant.
?” He glances to Peter who gave him a nod.
Peter’s eyes roams around the letters,
“That
—what does telling them have
he’s gonna say, then I won’t hold back.” Sam mutters darkly.
!” Rhodey actually shrieks in desperation.
“Okay big guy,
“Considering this is Tony we’re talking about… I don’t doubt it.” Stephen comments as he shrugs.
.” Ned mutters in realization. He quickly reaches for his Pad and opens the surveillance cameras on the Avengers. He once again cursed from not noticing the – soon – will – happen chaos.
“Still an asshole…” Peter utters quietly, a frown form on his face. This earns some chuckle and snorts from Ned and MJ.
“Even when he’s a genius of a child? In which his mind is superior to any adult?” Thor mused.
… Why did you reveal the team about
” Natasha’s eyes sharpen. The other girls nodded in agreement.
“Of course, lead the way.” Wanda answers with a nod.
?” Thor inquires in confusion.
“Indeed, their Tuxedos explains the situation.” Vision comments.
“Wait,
. He should focus more on his studies.” Steve comments.
“Yes, he is and if any of you even think about hurting him, I will personally cut your throat and give Peter your head as a present.” Gamora threatens in a dark tone that sends shivers down their spine.
“That won’t change anything since people have been saying the same thing to you all this time. However, the reason why I’m being paranoid like this was because of those influences and impact from the outside that can affect the actors from doing their best. I’m just worried about it.” He admitted a bit quietly. He drinks the water as he watches the Director’s expression soften.
love live?” He shrieks desperately.
“Does Tiger means Peter by any chance?” Clint suppressed a chuckle. Snickers were heard from Sam's direction.
Peter turns around for a second walking away from Flash. Flash needs to step forward after this—he did, but was again halted by Peter, suddenly facing him as if knowing that Flash made a move to narrow their distance with each other.
him in your stead—!” Drax reaches for his double swords as Quill turns to him in panic.
“I just hope that no one else is going to see me like this.” Peter mutters as he sweat dropped.
, Stark?” Clint blurts out flabbergasted.
“But you always looked so tense and full of alarm. I’ve never seen you taking any break during our practice either. I just thought that maybe you don’t really put all your trust in them.” The Director scratches his hair, giving him a low chuckle.
.” Was the mutual response from all of them, much to Tony annoyance. This earns an irritated smirk from Tony.
, calm down, there has to be some explanation!” Steve holds Tony’s hands tightly.
“Great, then I’m sure he’ll be fine.” Ned nods. He looks back at the screen again, seeing Peter turns his body around to face Flash. Silence fell between them, but Ned decides to speak up.
Ned sweat dropped at the scene. He looks at his watch and blinks in surprise.
“And with a boy nonetheless. My, this is getting out of hand.” Bruce mutters quietly, also in his seat beside Thor. Not that it matters what gender Peter likes, to them, just having a crush would turn them into wild beasts.
“Of course I didn’t. Why would I?” Tony finally said, walking to the entrance stair as the others followed suit.
Peter finally faced Flash who looks at him with a fake pained expression. Peter wanted to protest about him not being serious but can’t.
“Peter, you have your papers – letters and that fire maker thingy ready,
.” Loki huffs.
“Or, you can always hand him over to us let
“Was that the little
“Peter won’t need any partners at the moment. He has us.” Bucky informs.
“Are you guys dating? You certainly used such a cute nickname for our Peter.” Natasha asks curiously. Her tone has some spiky edge. To this MJ snorts softly before responding.
“Let us present him the
His expression turned hard, from the unknown source and Peter’s glare full of fury. They kept standing face to face as the circle – floor under them moves clockwise.
But despite his furious and soul – breaking glare, he can’t help but teared up at the emotions that overwhelms him.
“That’s
help him right now!” He informs swiftly to all of the participant in the room.
“Who’s
“Why should Peter experience that?! He
“Care to tell us those hints he gave you?” Clint asks innocently, but his dark aura gave it away. MJ waited until all of them to be seated before she answers him.
, you don’t
“Okay, slow down—you’re gonna choke yourself.” Ned said slowly.
about this and
is not worth Peter’s attention or love.” Clint following Scott’s move, flipping the bird at Flash with both hands, gritting his teeth tightly.
“Yeah, and when a Stark is happy someone else suffers.” Natasha comments casually, still sharpening her knives smoothly.
?! We
“You’re not scheming anything reckless,
! You can’t do that to the kid, Quill!” Mantis protests.
—!” He jerks at the cold sensation. He turns to see the Director smiling to him in his carefree aura.
“And who might you be?” Gamora asks.
“Yeah, a jerk through and through. I honestly have no idea on how you deal with him during practice.” Ned said patting Peter’s back softly. Peter sighs in respond.
“Yes, and we promise not cause a distraction,
gifts and
! Let’s forge some science, Brucie! Steve
Tony was about to retort when the front door was opened revealing Ned with formal clothing, holding a writing board and a pen on his hands.
Peter shrugs sheepishly in his mind.
Peter points at the corner at the room, not caring where he stood. He walks away from Flash once again. His expression turned dark and menacing. Just how he looked at those villains he fought during his time as Spiderman. In which made Flash jerks in surprise. This is the first time he saw those threatening looks on Peter.
Peter signals the Wind Installer crew to create a wind that will help the letters flew across the room and hovers around Flash.
Breaths out.
“Steve
! He did. But why to
“Ned's right you know, you really did look like a heartbroken wife after discovering her husband’s affairs.” MJ nodded in agreement, her hands on her hips.
“A bit knowledge of said person would suffice for now.” Stephen states.
“Nah, we’re friends. Besides, he got his eyes on someone already. I just used that nickname to tease him. He gets flustered easily and it’s amusing to watch.” The other chuckles and smile at that. Their youngest is a pure kid who hasn’t been tainted by darkness. It’s very like him to get so worked up when the situation is against him. But their daze moment was cut short when T'Challa points out.
Peter repeated those words until he reached tranquility. Once he’s done, he opens his eyes, revealing a teary and angry glare. His mind wonders to the thought of their character’s actions and reactions. His affairs. Her revelation. His reasons. Her comebacks. His strained expression. Her rage and fury. He took a deep breath once again before starting his act.
He punches the alpha square in the face, but then one of his goons comes to his aid and pins Tony's free arm to the floor. Tony kicks and growls and twists, but yep, he's trapped.
In lieu of answering, Tony squeezed his eyes shut and leaned forward, planting his hands to the floor. He heaved his tired legs up so that he was on all fours, holding back a groan. He felt himself flush furiously.
Which brings me to: THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU to all of you who left me lovely and encouraging comments! You guys, you wouldn't believe how much they've warmed my heart. I haven't replied to any I've received in my absence, but believe me when I say I've read them over and over again, and that they were the thing that got me continuing writing again. So thank you, and I'm sorry, you really deserve better.
Natasha says through the comm. Tony taps his ear, the one with JARVIS in it, and the readings are obediently displayed in front of his face from the head piece. Between him and JARVIS, the next set of cameras are hacked in less than five seconds. He meets Steve's gaze through the holograms and nods.
Tony craned his neck the little he could, taking in his surroundings. They were somewhere by the edge of a train yard, lit mostly by the headlights of another getaway car. Other than him, there were six men — five of them, whom Tony already recognized — and one woman, standing loosely in a circle.
"What?" he slurred.
Ezekiel let go of Tony's hair, holding his head up by his jaw instead. Tony tried to squirm away, but Ezekiel's grip was unyielding. "Haven't you wondered why you are still here?" he asked suddenly, his tone almost gentle. Changing angles, Tony hazily realized.
It didn't work, of course; Tony had barely finished speaking when Becker was already halfway across the room. He knelt before Tony, harshly grabbing him by the face and pulling him away from the bed, so that his arms were pulled straight towards the bed leg and he had no choice but to rest his weight on Becker's grasp.
"Impressed at your conviction to behave like a brat." Bates' voice was as indifferent as always, but the iron grip around Tony's chin spoke for itself.
Steve sighs and cards his fingers through his short hair. Tony looks ruefully at the man and the pained expression on his face. He doesn't know how to comfort him.
ed at him as Tony froze, staring at the floorboards beneath his hands.
A corner of Steve's mouth lifted up. "You couldn't stop me if you tried."
Tony raises his eyebrows, pinches his mouth, as if he's considering Steve's words. "Yes. For the time being," he agrees. Steve finally smiles.
"Slept like a baby."
"Fuck off," Tony let slip, and Ezekiel struck his thigh this time. Tony gasped as pain flared across his skin.
They infiltrate the base without a hiccup and Tony gets to the control room before they hit the twenty minute mark. He disables the security cameras, unlocks all mechanical doors and darkens the base. The team is equipped with night vision goggles, all except for Steve and the Hulk, because neither of them apparently need them. Tony wonders where Steve's abilities even end at this point.
"That's way too long. I'm gonna have to break into SHIELD. Again," he says distractedly, ignoring Steve's lecturing.
"Yeah, not happening, Doc," he said, pushing to obtain anger and heat in his voice, his brows furrowing, while the rest of his body went cold with terror.
Tony's automatic response was to jerk out of Bates' hold, but it seemed to be expected, since the other man easily maneuvered him towards the stairs anyway. He struggled as Bates walked him down to the basement, but his hands were still cuffed and he was as weak as a kitten, with the pain and hunger and dehydration, so he didn't seem to offer that big of a resistance to the other man.
They pull apart only when the doctors begin pouring in, checking Steve's vitals and all, and Tony decides that it's best he call in Bruce and leave himself.
"I told you I tripped
Stark men are made of
, he reminded himself, heart rate slowly returning to more acceptable levels.
said gruffly. Tony tried to focus on him instead of Obadiah's ghost and Steve's nagging. He was the fifth man of the bunch, as far as Tony could tell. "The paralysis is only temporary and we need to get moving, fast."
Tony sets her down and she pouts up at him. "I want Daddy to do it!" she whines and throws her arms up in an universal 'pick me up' sign. Tony sighs.
Minutes passed, and Tony saw Becker helping Marco over to one of the twin beds. His legs were moving, albeit stiffly, and he managed to sit upright on the bed when Becker deposited him on top of it. He met Tony's gaze and sent a disapproving look his way.
Ezekiel seemed to be ignoring Hammer, which was all good in Tony's book. As Bates served the two of them their food, Dina came back with a glass and a plate in her hands. She crouched delicately, mindful of her pencil skirt, and placed the dishes on the floor in front of Tony. She met Tony's gaze as she did; her eyes were dark and wide, and she seemed nervous about something. Tony raised his eyebrow at her discreetly, but she pursed her lips at him. A clear 'Not now' if Tony had ever seen one.
she squeals and Tony follows her into the room just in time to see Steve grabbing her by the armpits and swinging her up on his cot when she propels herself at the alpha.
"Can we go and give Steve a flower, too?" she asks, stopping her earlier tale mid-sentence, and turns to look at Tony with wide eyes.
"Nat!" Clint squeals like a kid seeing his mom, and reaches over to her cot to touch her.
They are both panting when Rick pats his behind. "Happy anniversary," he says again, and rips at the shirt around Tony's hands so it'll come off easier, before leaving to presumably catch a shower and some sleep. Tony stands there, half lying on the table for a long while before managing to get up and hurry off to shower himself.
"All done," he says soon enough, smiling a little at Tony and once more cradling his cheek, if only for a brief moment this time. Tony's pretty sure that Steve's going half on autopilot and half acting on his instincts as an alpha taking care of an omega, and watches the blonde's face a little dazedly. His theory is proven correct when Steve seems to realize that he's being a little more touchy-feely than strictly necessary, and his hands leave Tony's face. He clears his throat and turns to deposit the pads to the trash can. Tony ignores the part of him that misses the alpha's gentle and caring hands. He gets to feel hands like that so rarely.
Tony raises his gaze to look at the captain who looks uncomfortable at being put in the situation. "Sure, if he wants to," the omega finds himself saying. It seemed to be the right choice, as Rogers is once again settling down.
"Cap's fine. They had to put him into a medically induced coma to accelerate the healing process, but they'll be waking him up tomorrow."
(See the end of the chapter for
he's pretty much OC in this fic.
"About why you're here, of course," Hammer replied. "It must be confusing."
He was hauled up, pressed tightly against Becker's chest with his hand still over his mouth and dragged over the cracked parking lot. When they reached him, Marco was unlocking a door to the building. It was a dingy motel with two floors and a bright neon sign, shining its blue and red light overhead.
Hammer looked delighted. "What is it?"
"Good afternoon, Omega Dunn. And I insist, it's Tony." He flashes a brilliant smile that seems to make Omega Dunn slightly flustered, but the teacher is quick to move past it. Rose just makes a grab at the collar of her dad's shirt absently.
"Yes, Sir," Bates replied, stepping close and scooping roasted vegetables, potatoes and beef onto Tony's plate from the containers on the table. After serving Hammer the same meal, he poured red wine into the glasses by their plates.
"Stark," someone called, nudging him again. "You gotta get up."
"Low blow bringing up that old mother-hen," Tony grumbles, waving a hand to save and close the holograms he'd been working on. "You know I can't resist those soulful puppy-dog eyes."
Dr. Miller chuckled. "I can't do that, Colonel. My lips are sealed." She mimicked zipping her lips, all the while gazing innocently at Rhodes. Steve's hand curled into a fist — next to him, Nebula was flexing her fingers like she was itching to sink them into something.
, he thought, looking at the smudges of blood again. Maybe they could find something else here, too.
, as Tony had begun calling it in his mind. "I'm alright, peanut. The doctors are saying they'll let me come home noon tomorrow."
he gasped out, tears leaking out from the corners of his eyes at the admission. "My fault," he repeated, breath hitching.
Bates grabbed a hold of his jaw in a manner that was fast becoming familiar to Tony; it seemed that face grabbing was a favored move among baddies who had it out for him.
That meant Tony had been missing for about six hours now. Rhodey, Steve and the team must have been informed already, as well as the authorities.
a cup of hot coffee.
Tony's pregnancy is hard. It's full of complications, like severe nausea, abdominal pains and extreme crankiness. He's weak and he can't eat, everything aches and Rick's being a dick. But at least he isn't hitting Tony, and even seems to be avoiding yelling at him, which is a big plus in Tony's book.
And yeah, Tony was willing to admit, it was a stupid thing to argue about. They were now in line, and Tony was about to apologize in turn for getting all hot under the collar to the alpha standing a little behind him, but he was halted by a woman standing before them in the line.
"You can blame only yourself for this," Becker told him. He leaned closer and spoke with a low voice. "When you're less out of it, I'll make you pay for that little stunt, just like I promised." With that, he left Tony by the wall and wobbled back over to check on Marco.
"Well, it's not gonna stop, Steve," Tony growls and pinches the bridge of his nose. He's really tired of this old conversation. "And there's nothing you can do, so suck it up!"
Rogers seems happy with his answer, his smile widening a bit. "Yeah, next time."
Tony met Hammer's gaze. "Yes, they are," he agreed, picking up his fork. He wouldn't be able to wield his knife and his fork at the same time with his hands bound so closely together, but he would make do with what was offered. "Company men in particular," he added, a slight grimace working up his face. "It's a tough business."
"Anything going on today?" Barton asks the room at large, his breakfast plate balanced carefully in the hand that isn't holding his fork.
Tony sighs. "Care to help me make sleeping beauty here some breakfast?" he asks Steve, and relaxes a tad when he sees the alpha nodding stiffly.
Ezekiel just tilted his head at him, studying him with a somewhat smug air to him. And that's when Tony realized that he didn't really have a choice here. If he wanted to survive, that is. He mentally calculated the probability of him making it one mile away from the house without food and water, given that he even managed out the front door. Next, he considered the prolonged beating that would undoubtedly commence did he not comply. Simply put, the odds weren't in his favor.
"Feeling tense, are we, Stark?" Ezekiel asked, and Tony's eyes swiveled toward him. Ezekiel met them briefly, before turning his to Bates. "You can go now. Tell your boss we will be joining him for dinner in an hour or two."
Rick sighs at him, hands moving from the counter to hold onto Tony's hips, thumbs rubbing small circles against his hipbones. "It was fine, I got Anderson to
Truly, damn every Disney movie for getting Rose so fixated on princesses and flowers and glamour. It was only a couple months back when it was still cars and planes, and now it was
"Daddy, why do you have a boo boo here?" she asks, pointing at her own cheek. Tony's fingers cease their movement and he twists his neck to the side to look at his girl. One of the things he most hates in the world is lying to Rosie, and it pains him that he still sometimes has to. For example on occasions like this.
arrived."
JARVIS informs him when Rose is in the middle of another throw. He feels his eyebrows climb up on his forehead.
"The cuffs stay on," Becker replied curtly. Tony wanted to roll his eyes.
"I-I can't. I'm sorry. The contract, Rose--"
He groaned when Ezekiel withdrew the device, eyes glued to it. Ezekiel held it up for him to see.
"Could you look after this for me," he instructs absently, gesturing to his kid and the stove with a circular movement of his hand as he starts walking out of the room.
Six years after their wedding, when he's been a year off any kind of suppressants, aged 25 years, Tony still hasn't gotten pregnant. He has been off Howard's suppressants ever since the consummation of the marriage, has had a wonderful total of three heats over the span of a year and he's eating healthy and exercising, more out of Rick's orders than of his own free will. The alpha wanted the heir to be in top condition, and that unfortunately included making Tony take care of himself too.
Ezekiel turned to look at him. His expression was that of cold, sinister fury, and it chilled Tony down to the core. He begun approaching him; in his hands, he held what looked like a baton. "Whose fault was it?" he asked.
he gets back home relatively unscathed. Rhodey had once again proven his worth as Tony's knight in shining armor, the president was safe and Pepper was making a good recovery from her Extremis experience. Rose had cried again because he'd been gone for too long to her (and Tony's) linking, and then cried even more when Tony was hospitalized after the surgery to remove his Arc Reactor. Tony felt agonizing guilt over what he perceived as ruining Rose's childhood.
So, the fight finished and the site cleaned up, they separate in good terms, Rogers even going as far as shaking Tony's hand despite his omega status. Tony feels like his eyes are about to fall out of his head, with how wide they are. After that, Tony takes off with his new beta friend, Doctor Bruce Banner AKA the Hulk, in order to show off the Stark Tower to him. He has high hopes that he'd get to house the Avengers in the tower, renaming it the Avengers Tower when he did, but that's still somewhere in the future.
Two months after the Battle of New York, the Darrow-Starks pack up and move to the Stark Tower, which is finally fully constructed and repaired from the damage it took during the invasion. Currently under renaming from 'Stark Tower' to 'Avengers Tower', the tower is the best place for them to live in for various reasons. Even Rick had agreed. The building holds many floors full of SI offices, R&D and conference rooms, and it's the best location for Tony to be in considering the whole Avenger business.
(See the end of the chapter for
"None of that. Ms. Potts will send help my way. I can hold my own for a while." He jerked his chin in the direction of the hall. "Now, go."
The wooden double doors to the dining room opened and Tony twisted in his seat to see. A man stepped over the threshold and turned to face the table Tony and Hammer were seated at. Upon seeing his face, Tony froze up.
"A leopard, sweet cheeks," he corrects her, and she parrots the correction with her earlier tone. They'd saved the big cats last and were going to head off to find some café next. They'd decided to have dinner at the tower, but Tony was aching for some caffeine and Barton had promised Rosie ice cream, earning a glare from the omega for his troubles. The beta had just grinned back without shame.
The woman, Dr. Ann Miller, smiled sweetly — it unnerved Steve, but also made his blood boil. They didn't have time for her mind games.
"You and the Avengers saved us," she stated with a wavering voice. Tony frowned at her in confusion and she swallowed. "I wanted to thank you."
Rose looks thoughtful for a moment. "Will it help if I give it a kiss?" she asks. Tony smiles down at her.
"Tony, please," Steve begs, sounding again like it's literally killing him.
He leans back and let's the computer load the data in peace, eyeing the progress bar on one of the monitors. Perhaps he can find something when he looks over all of this back at the Tower. Maybe it'll make sense then.
"Shut up, Tony. We are doing this now," Rick responded in an even voice, all business, yanking and ripping Tony's expensive white silk off of his shoulders in one fluid motion. The way it ripped felt like it was meant to rip anyways, so he didn't really care. Instead he was more focused on keeping his cool as the reality of the situation began to set in.
"It's alright, Mr. Stark," the doctor said, her hand brushing over his brow in a soothing manner. Tony whined, turning his head away even as the movement made his vision swim. His friends were allowed to touch him like that, but no one else. Pepper and Rhodey could. Happy. Bruce and Peter. And...Steve? Mmm. Steve.
"It's an easy question, Stark," Ezekiel said, not letting up the pressure on Tony's shoulder, "Does Steve Rogers love you?"
"Lock them," Bates said suddenly, and Tony realized that he was very,
"Maybe there's some truth to it then," Obie says around the rim of his glass. "Now, come on, boy, let's go and entertain your guests."
"Yeah, it is."
He had sighed softly, mentally cursing himself. Maybe he had become cocky in his years as Iron Man. Maybe he really was an old man in a can.
"Listen, Rick, maybe we should just—" He was cut off by a vicious slap against his mouth. "Son of a
“What did he announce to the world? …It must’ve been something bad, isn’t it?” T’Challa said softly.
want to know, how about asking Peter yourself? Now then, I should take my leave as well. Enjoy the Play you guys!” Ned stutters at the beginning but quickly escape the wrath of Earth’s Mightiest Heroes.
?” He smiles sheepishly, in which the Co – Director sighs to.
When Peter’s hand is to the side, a couple of Hologram appears. Those Holograms are in the form of shadows, whispering and staring at the papers that starts to fall from the ceiling, in which was signaled by Peter’s hand to the side. Those papers – his papers and mistakes – falls gracefully, fluttering in the air as they circle Peter and Flash, the whispers grow louder and clearer. Those mocking and pitying eyes hurts her more than you think. She actually lived and experience those horrible moment in her life. And Peter promised that he would act her role and spread them—so people could understand the life she’s been going through.
“Please don’t tell me you intend to make us do something unbelievably stupid.” Bruce sighs in distress as he lets himself fall onto one of the kitchen counter chairs.
they are? Despite how oblivious Peter is to it.” Ned cries in exhaustion. MJ only smirked and lets out a chuckle.
“I’ve been told that on many occasions but please feel free to
“You think too much, Tiger. Just go with the flow and you’ll be fine.” Another voice spoke causally from behind him.
“Yesh, slow down Rhodes—I’m getting to that.”, Tony revealed the ticket’s appearance—showing a theater and musical notes on its surface. “So, what do you say about seeing a
your ancestors to the eighteenth generation!” Scott joins in the heated protest, flipping the bird to Flash.
“You do know that’s useless,
trust them?” He questions softly. The Co – Director looked somehow offended and decides to jab his ribs. He earns a quiet whimper from the Director.
?” Scott asks.
, if Peter mentions something about how they even know about his crush, I’m
“Not only his relationship, you’ve also critically damaged his heart and feeling.” Vision narrows his eyes at Flash.
any of your betrayal!” Wanda barks in anger.
!” Steve states unconsciously but was still confused by the revelation.
From the distance, the Ned and MJ were glancing not so secretly to the two seniors, seemingly amused and in awe at the two figures.
The Avengers watch them silently before simultaneously turns to MJ.
“We apologize for all the trouble.” T’Challa looked apologetic. Stephen also nodded in gratefulness.
“What the
Breaths out.
! Keep it down!” Quill whispers in a scolding tone.
’ on their faces, enough to make people scramble themselves away from them. But MJ, calm and amused MJ, only snickers quietly as her smirk widens.
The piano starts its melody, creating an eerie and tense atmosphere around the Theater. The Avengers listens to the sound earnestly, some enjoying the tune while others are waiting for Peter’s appearance.
She left the Balconies in a hurry pace at the same time Tony and Bruce came back from their tinkering. Ned greets her quickly before turning to the team.
Ned thought in irritation, running after her.
“Pete’ said he’s gonna burn them all!” Drax cheered.
“What the
“The name sounds unfamiliar to my knowledge.” Loki said, arching an eyebrow.
The device itself will be used to set fire on those letters – covered in some gasoline on the edge – as the sparks from the manipulator travels from Peter’s hand to those letters. Making it seems as if Peter was manipulating fire.
“Target confirmed.
“Was Peter…
end.” Loki smirks evilly despite the furious look he has.
“Pardon me, I may have heard wrong but did you just say that Peter had his eyes on someone?” He inquires in a strained tone. The look on the Avengers faces would make anyone shivers in fear. They all had the ‘
“Yeah, especially about choosing your crush. And, that kid in front of you. You got the worst taste in partners, Pete.” Clint snickers.
“Then I will
?” Gamora said cautiously, narrowing her eyes in suspicion.
“Well for one, he protests and whines about his chosen partner a lot. Then, he goes ahead and mention something along the lines,
to die as he
“Sam… No. You’re not scaring him away after what he’s been to.” Wanda warns him in a cold edge tone.
as well.” Natasha agrees in delight. This also earns nods of agreement from Rocket and Gamora.
“Yeah, I put yours and the Avengers in the center of the Theater—you’ll be able to see his performance very clearly from up there. Anyway, the show will start in about twenty-five minutes. Better be seated before it starts.” Ned rambles but Tony caught on to all of them, giving Ned a short nod.
“I agree, even I am
.” Sam growls lowly.
Breaths in.
“Hey man, you done with practice?” Ned asks once he’s in a hearing distance. Peter approaches him, still cleaning his sweat with the towel.
Peter throws his hand to the side, singing along with a woman’s voice in sync with the hologram. His eyes are flooded with tears full of meaningful scars.
cried like that.” Steve looks a bit flabbergasted and furious.
up?” MJ answers, placing her hands on her hips. Ned sighed heavily at this.
“And Peter is
He now seems a bit more frustrated and angry. His voice sounds accusing. He looked… so broken right now.
“Thirty more seconds’ people!
“We’re just a bit curious, that’s all.” Steve smiles feigning innocent, but his body language screams protectiveness.
“I must point out, did the lyric of the song mentioned the character’s feelings of wanting said person in front of him?” Stephen inquire accusingly.
“Males were expected to be responsible in a household. He only cared for his name in public and didn’t reconsider his decisions after effect beforehand.” Bruce spoke coldly.
“If that
“Did that kid just
up in one month—I’m telling the Avengers that Flash has been a jerk to Pete’ all High School.”
“Yesh, I’m perfectly capable of taking care of myself. You should be worrying more about our troublesome juniors, Idiot.” He punches the Director’s forehead gently, giving him an annoyed smirk in which the Director returns with a soft laugh.
Before the others can ask what of what actually happens, Peter resumed his song. This time, his eyes filled with more fury than before.
The Avengers widen their eyes in surprise. Some spoke their shock vocally while the other express their awe quietly.
Ned once again had to calm his inner fan boy from dumping the Captain with lots up questions as he answers.
If only he lived in their time, he would express his outrage to him just like she did.
“All of us want you to forget him, Pete.” Scott grits.
is acting, okay? He’s
Once the boy stopped a few meters away from Peter, Peter finally spoke out along with the tune from the piano.
“If you wanna join the
ready to see Flash’s destroyed and brutally murdered corpse
“Well, you’re not working hard enough for a Director.
Slight Romance/Humor
?” Tony glances at Bruce with a mock – hurt expression but a smirk plastered on his face.
“Why do young Peter’s expression appear so…
, it’s just a play.
The Avengers are invited to a Theater – Play. Of course, all of this was set up by Tony. After Thanos was defeated, the Avengers, Guardians of the Galaxy, and the rest of them that fought side by side against Thanos, decided to rest in the Avengers Tower.
“Nat, I’m not that bad!” Tony protests.
, pardon my interruption, but the Play will start in about fifteen minutes. We better head in fast!” Ned shouts loudly, enough for all of them to hear him. He leads them from the front as all the Avengers followed him.
“Stop beating around the bush and just tell us already, why the heck does this look so suspicious?” Rocket frowns in annoyance, glancing around suspiciously.
“Did you actually do such a crazy and bizarre thing?” Sam comments loudly.
“Oh! Five minutes’ left until the Play starts. I better head back to recheck all of the costumes.” MJ said casually, looking at her watch as she gives the team an innocent smirk.
Slight AU, Grammar Mistakes, Bad Language (lots of cursing), a bit angst, teenagers’ hormones, slight OOC, Not Beta'ed, Extreme reactions, hazy realities, and many little mistakes.
, of course I trust them, if I didn’t they won’t be the one acting on that stage right now!” He barks, irritated at his distrust.
“I dunno, but hey, it’s Peter you’re talking about, he always succeeds our expectation. Why wouldn’t he this time?” MJ replies calmly. Ned sighs in relief.
.” Quill growls furiously.
“Indeed. Those expression does not suit Peter well.” T’Challa claims.
“Count me in.” Natasha, Clint, Bucky and Rocket said at the same time. They have the same murder intent after all, that makes sense.
“Truly, you do not need read them all over again.” T’Challa said.
“So, you prepared yourselves to see Tiger in his act for tonight?” She said casually, glancing to the Avengers.
“Oh no, oh no… Peter, please…” Mantis wanted to stop him from
Avengers © Marvel Studio and Disney. The Avengers and Hamilton the Musical does not belong to me. Only the plot and story. The First Burn Lyrics are not mine.
’ he’s saying?” Vision inquires.
Peter closes his eyes slowly, his hands in front of him, and tears dropping—creating some sparkles because of the lighting.
“Alright, enough of that you two. Tony, I want you to explain this plan of yours clearly.” Rhodey had enough of their petty arguments.
“D – Did I heard wrong? Did you just said—” Rhodey stutters but was also cut off. This time by MJ herself.
… You’re not actually thinking of leading us in to a trap, are you?” Mantis whispers quietly, imagining the possibility.
? He doesn’t deserve any—let’s just torture him!” Gamora growls lowly.
Peter points at him accusingly, displeasure can be heard in his tone.
that guy, I bet he’s the cause of all this!” Rocket agrees and joins Tony on his outrage.
“Tony’s very rich unlike you Quill!
!” Rocket whispers, irritated at how much of an airhead he is.
Another hologram of the Red girl twirls around Flash, staring at him with affectionate and loving expression. Her eyes were crossed out with black paint, symbolizing censorship and her unknown face towards Peter.
Breaths in.
Peter stares at those letters around him and Flash, creating an ephemeral beauty. A moment and temporary stunning view of those precious letters burn with the wind.
“He won’t actually hear us, right? You said that some sound manipulator, was it, were set up cover our voices.” Rhodey turns to Bruce and Tony.
He turns 180° degrees, now facing Flash as tears flows from his eyes slowly but surely. His face flushed deep red, as his cheek was wet from his tears. To act his role as real as possible he needed to immerse himself with her feelings. Well… Peter kind of did that a bit too much. In the end, he ended up crying his eyes out, a bit taken aback by the pained feelings overload. Flash too was taken aback.
! Unhand me Steve!” Tony stomps out of his seat, ready to jump at Flash.
“Tony, why are we the only one here?” Wanda finally broke the silence stares.
The piano melody starts to disappear along with the lyric.
