that had plagued Dean for so long. It was peaceful, both between them and in his head and heart. It reminded him a bit of how the bond had felt in the early days, when they’d been apart for a while and then would come back and touched again. That feeling that had calmed his frayed nerves, that’s what this felt like, but it had nothing to do with skin contact (though that was certainly very nice, and he could tell the bond was very happy they’d made this step too, even if it wasn’t required).
Cas said something sounding vaguely spell-like while throwing a right hook and pivoting to avoid Dean’s return volley.
Cas shrugs, then moves his head like a cat when Dean stops petting him. Dean rolls his eyes. “Come on, you big baby.” He lays them both back down, with Cas’s body turn toward him on his side. He cradles Cas’s head against his chest with one hand and uses the other to sweep down his back. His heart is pounding as he does it, but his need to make Cas feel better trumps any fear or discomfort.
“Fuck, no. This whole shitshow sucks, but until we can find a way to break it, we might as well have a little fun.” He bounced his eyebrows up and down a few times and smirked.
Like what will happen when the molting ends, and he can’t use the excuse of needing physical comfort to stay in Dean’s bed anymore? The thought has been at the back of his mind for weeks, but now that it looks like there’s an end date, it comes to the fore. The long-term hadn’t been on his mind the first night he’d appeared at the foot of Dean’s bed, but it’s been something he’s come to hope for during the time since then. They don’t talk about it, but it’s still nice knowing that at the end of a long day, he has this comfort to look forward to, and he doesn’t want it to end. Ever.
Dean points out a little brown bird, who twitches and pokes his beak back into his feathers. “He reminds me of you,” he says with a laugh. Cas looks insulted, but before Dean can tease him further, he remembers something from the show they watched last night (yes, he’d enjoyed it, no, no one can ever know). He whirls to face Cas, grabbing his shoulders. “You’re molting.”
Dean pointed down the hall. “You know I’m not so good with the book research. I’m gonna search some of the storage rooms, see if they have anything good.”
“Well then. I do suggest we keep researching the bond, though, just to make sure it won’t hurt you in some unknown way, but I guess we can concentrate on that, rather than on trying to break it?”
While Sam was finishing the last of his notes, Dean girded himself for the next thing they needed to talk about. “Hey, Sammy.”
A furrow appears between Dean’s brow, and his lips tighten. “Yeah, of course, Cas. That’s what best friends are for, right?” He glances up briefly, and Castiel doesn’t understand his expression. He doesn’t know what to do.
From the beginning of their acquaintance, Castiel has wanted to envelop Dean Winchester in bubble wrap (well, something cushiony at least, he didn’t know what bubble wrap was back then) and keep him safe from the dangerous world. He thinks that was the start of his rebellion. Even thinking something like that about the man God had chosen to save the world was probably blasphemy. It was selfish. Just because he’d marked the man with his handprint didn’t make him Castiel’s personal human. Except that it did. He had felt their bond from the moment he’d touched Dean’s beautiful, bright soul, tattered from his time in hell but still inexplicably strong and imperfectly perfect.
And so when they got to their hotel, and they’d eaten and cleaned off the bloody mess left on them from the ghoul-pire, when Cas made a really terrible joke about numbers, Dean dropped the towel he was using to dry his hair, stalked up to where Cas stood, took his beautiful face in his hands, and just … kissed him. Just like that. Like it was nothing. And everything. Like it was the beginning and the end. But more like it was the middle, and they had a long way to go until the end.
The question stops Dean for a second, but then he says, “I guess what I meant is how are you feeling? Is it last-night bad?”
She rolled her eyes. “Yeah, okay. Mom left a year after we last saw you guys. I think she was searching for Touched By an Angel here,” she nodded her head at Cas, “but her postcards were pretty vague, so that could’ve just been an excuse to avoid being around me.” After blank looks from the three adults, she continued. “I reminded her too much of Dad and what had happened. She couldn’t stand to look at me the last few months she was home. Left me with my grandmother, but when Grammy died, I got shuttled off to foster homes. That’s when the postcards stopped, of course. Not that there had been many to begin with.
uncomfortable nights in Dean’s own head—but he’s always been determined to shove his feelings for Cas as far down as he can. And his own fucked-up relationship with his sexuality has only played a small part in that choice. It’s more about not wanting to lose Cas. Not when they’ve already come close to losing each other so many times. If Cas doesn’t feel the same way Dean does, which he’s eighty-six percent sure is the case, then he sure as hell isn’t gonna do something to mess up what they do have. He doesn’t ever want to deal with losing Cas for good. Every near loss they’ve already faced has been hard enough.
He thinks Dean might possibly want the same, based on what Sam has told him, but he’s so hard to read, even after knowing him for so long. Is he just being a good friend? He’s a natural caregiver; he wants to see those around him happy and comfortable. So, are those fond smiles and soft embraces just his way of taking care of Castiel during his time of need, or is it more? Sometimes Castiel thinks he sees longing in his eyes, but perhaps that’s his own wishful thinking. Even though Sam begs to differ.
Everyone laughed, and Charlie shook her head. “No honor amongst thieves, I guess. Besides, it doesn’t matter, since I’m Dean Winchester’s Ultimate Wingwoman.” She wiggled her eyebrows. “I made sure he got together with an
“What the hell, Cas? Give it back.” He crossed his arms and tried for one of those pouts Sam always used to great effect. Apparently it didn’t work on Cas.
He smiled softly at Cas now. “Yeah, like that. As for your style, hmmm … it’s hard to separate the idea of you from that damn suit you’ve been wearing, so give me a minute.” He closed his eyes and tried to picture Cas in other clothes. He pushed away the thrilling thought of Cas in his pajamas the night before. What
Cas started to sit up, but Dean grabbed his wrist. “Lay here until I fall asleep?” Usually, he didn’t have to ask, but Dean worried he’d ruined the moment by pulling back. He knew he’d flubbed it, at the very least, by not returning Cas’s list of praise with one of his own. Problem was, he might love Cas with every fiber of his being, but he didn’t know the words to explain why. Despite what Cas said, Dean wasn’t smart, not in the traditional sense. He wasn’t good with words, especially where feelings were involved. He could quip as good as Buffy, but he’d never come close to matching the poetry he needed to express his love. And until he could, he’d shy from the more physical aspects of a relationship that he was beginning to believe Cas wanted as well. The forlorn look on his face as Dean turned on his side away from his partner confirmed that.
Breakfast was soon made and eaten, and after cleanup, Dean went in search of their guest, who had avoided helping clean. He hadn’t been kidding when he said he wanted to see her on the shooting range. If she turned out to be bad with guns, he’d find a way to lock her up until she learned. He found her in the library, as he’d suspected.
“Even with the bond?” Cas asked softly. The two of them hadn’t talked about the bond itself in months. It had become such an everyday part of their lives, that it would be like talking about having hands. But maybe they needed to discuss it again. Maybe it would help Dean figure things out.
Dean’s searching through the huge pile of bed sheets and blankets on his (and Cas’s?!?) bed to find his notepad when something pokes his hand. He pulls away a bedsheet to find a dark chocolate brown feather, larger than any feather he’s ever seen; it’s gotta be almost as long as his arm. When he picks it up, he notices a rainbow sheen to it, like a shimmery powder.
Sadly, Sam and Cas climb into the Impala as Dean turns the engine. Apparently Sam has pity on them both, because he keeps up a steady chatter of his latest research all the way to the diner and through breakfast. They narrow the perp down to a few minor protective gods and a couple of species with hypnotizing abilities. By the time they get back to the room, things feel as normal as they can these days.
Castiel’s resolve to confess his feelings from only a few hours before wavers. What is he thinking, ruining their friendship just so he can spend a little more time with the man he loves most—on this plane and every other? Is it worth it? Is it worth possibly losing Dean for good, just so that things can be a little bit different?
“That sounded less dirty in my head. I just mean, you look more comfortable now that you’re not in the suit and coat. I think the brainy professor look suits you better.”
He squinted down at her—though not nearly so far down as he’d had to last time he’d seen her. She had to be in her mid-teens now. “Claire?”
Dean slide one arm under Cas and put the other around his other side in a hug. He’d been feeling the pain Cas was in since he’d first seen Claire’s far too old eyes across the table, and he was glad he was voicing it now, so Dean could acknowledge it too. On the one hand, it was easier to actually talk about their feelings, since they felt each other’s reactions and emotions through the link. But at the same time, they sometimes ignored what they felt in the link, either because they didn’t feel it needed to be said out loud, or because they were both still kinda shit at emotions. They were working on it, though. Things like Claire’s appearance tended to push them to talk sooner than they would normally.
Claire joined them for dinner, but she stayed quiet for the most part. She answered a few more questions about her mom and her life since she’d last seen them, but she kept pretty silent on her hunting, except to insist she was one hundred percent badass and doing perfectly fine on her own. Dean did not miss his own teenaged hubris. It had got him into a fair amount of trouble, and he imagined it was much the same for Claire.
Castiel nods, and they spend the next few hours talking about the interviews and scouring books, coming no closer to figuring out which being is taking people. Castiel is ready to chuck the book he’s reading across the room and then tear off his itchy shirt. How has he never noticed how coarse and confining it is? It makes his skin crawl, a phrase he never understood before a few days ago. Now it makes perfect sense, and that concerns him. If he’s not losing his grace, what
Feeling a bit self-conscious at the praise, Dean turned it around. “I wouldn’t have wanted it if I didn’t have you and Sam to anchor me there.”
Dean nudged a reminder of the time to Cas, who picked up on the hint immediately. The bond was dead handy at times. Okay, most of the time.
Sam has watched the two dance around each other for years, moving closer together and farther apart as various allegiances were formed and events unfolded, but always still circling. Sam had wished that with this latest bout of quiet, they’d finally do something about it. Cas choosing to stay at the bunker, and Dean making an effort to show he wants the angel to stay, had initially given Sam hope. But all they’ve done for the last few weeks is alternately fight with and cling to each other. It’s getting on his nerves and making him nearly as snippy as his housemates. He wonders, not for the first time, if he could lock them in an angel trapped room until they finally give in to their desires. It’s something to keep in mind at least.
of alcohol if he wanted to get through this. He diverted to the alcohol stash and pulled out the whiskey. He twisted the cap off and took a good glug, and then a second for luck, then headed back to the library and the fate that awaited him there. There had better be a way to renege on this … he couldn’t even think
There was a giggle to Dean’s left, and he looked over to see a young woman with a hand over her mouth and mirth in her eyes. He felt a flush on his face.
For once, it wasn’t Dean who shifted uncomfortably at the mention of their nebulous relationship, but Cas. He cleared his throat but kept hold of Dean’s hand under the table.
Dean settled back into his chair and took a deep breath, enjoying the feel of the link humming strong between them. Cas tilted his head a bit and smiled at him, and Dean smiled back. Yeah, for the most part, it was pretty good, and he shouldn’t complain, even to himself. He looked across the table and met Claire’s gaze.
They talked about their respective plans for the day while the food cooked, which Dean guessed weren’t so respective when they couldn’t be apart for more than a half hour. So far, their schedule included breakfast, cartoons (oh yeah, he was serious about that), checking the library and archives for any resources on angels that may have been mis-shelved, and a trip out for much-needed food supplies. Dean wracked his brain for anything else they’d need to keep themselves entertained for the next few weeks until they had figured out the limits of the bond or found a way to nullify it.
Cas shrugged, eyes to the ground. “Twenty, thirty minutes? At the very most, maybe an hour. We’ll feel the pull almost immediately, but it will be a small annoyance at the back of your mind. Then you’ll start getting anxious, like when you walk into a room and just know something is about to jump and try to kill you.” Dean huffed a laugh. He knew that feeling very well. He waited for Cas to continue. “Then nausea, like you felt earlier when I was up pacing. That’s all we’ve experienced so far, so I can’t say what will happen after that, but I imagine we’ll just start feeling worse.”
« May I point out that I wasn’t the one to start talking about it, this time, not the time before, if I’m correct ? » he said with a bit of irony.
Suddenly, he felt happy, free as he had stepped in the shoes of a real Cowboy. His children were shouting words of encouragement. He reached the finishing line and stopped in front of Garth.
"Aren’t you buying anything? " He asked Castiel, as they both leaned their back against the counter while Chadwick was trying the shirt on ...
« I said the first one REACHING the shed would win… You went further than that limit, so technically, you never actually reached the shed » he said grabbing the reins and riding back.
At the end of the day, they jumped in the lake. Then came the time to head back home, with some regret ...
Dean spent the day at the garage, engaged in a casual occasional conversation with Kevin and Franck. They had been harshly rebuffed and they stayed at a distance from their boss. They knew him well enough to feel the message when to stay away.
Since then, he hasn't stopped trying to make Castiel fly off the handle to reveal himself, Because at first glance Benny knew. But Castiel refuses to give in and stays imperturbable, at least that's what he uggests.
« I’ll take care of Jewel and Mark will take care of Chadwick, as planned» he said, turning to Castiel.
« He’s currently in RR ; you’ll be allowed to see him as soon as he’s transferred to IC. » the doctor replied with a smile.
There were only a couple of cars parked there and Dean savored the fact that actually very few people would come to this place. They would share precious moments among themselves...
" I ain’t Chinky " the latter grouched. " I’m half Japanese on my mother’s side and half Hawaian on my father’s side " he stated, walking towards the Toyota.
He leaned on the sink and sighed. Would their relationship survive this ? Would that token of love destroy everything and lead to heavy repercussions ?
« It’s getting late… I’ll call it a day… Tomorrow we gotta get up early… Wake up call at 6 a.m. We’ll leave at 8 a.m. You should get some sleep »
They bite each other, look for each other, find each other, fight and move apart to stare at each other's red lips before throwing themselves into a new kiss, heart-to-heart.
« You probably have better things to do than listen to someone you met at a boring party, whining around » he sighed.
« You have more time than you need to find him a name and prepare for his arrival. Right, Castiel? » He said with a genuine smile of complicity.
The latter opened his eyes… Attraction, repulsion… He closed them again and their cheeks caressed each other and suddenly he felt his breath on his lips.
One hour of sweat and rage, letting out the anger and the pain, as well as all that frustration eating him from the inside. Everything could be so much easier if his body was accepting what his mind was dictating him.
He should have wanted to get up and flee… He knew too many women who could read your soul and then twist it but his own was already destroyed, it wouldn’t make a difference… All there was left was a sliver for his brother, everything else had now disappeared in a never ending gulf.
Cassie who spends those Sundays at Dean's house while Castiel is forced to spend his between cold family reunion. Jealousy eats up, but he remains impassive.
« Nothing » Chadwick replied as he took off Apache’s leash; the dog rushed to Jewel and started to lick her fingers, which made the little girl giggle.
“Lolita could help you forget your sadness.” Putting a hand on his shoulder. He rose furious, his seat falling to the ground.
She smiled at him, a light sneer pulling at the corner of her lips, her eyes studied with one of those looks which seemed to lay him bare.
« I’m only telling you this to help you out… To prevent you from suffering from wrist tendonitis » she laughed out loud.
He holds his precious treasure close to him. His mother may abandon him in front of closed gates, but she doesn't allow him to go out alone. He had to ask his brother, Gabriel, to go and buy his friend's gift for him in exchange for a few dollars of sweets.
« The dance classes resume on January and Chad can skip one swimming class. Considering I gotta go to my mother’s next Wednesday, I’d like to do that before »
Dean’s eyes were shining... The man was even wearing the same mustache and white goatee as the historical hero...
« I’m gonna visit a widow who’s done grieving : she’ got a splendid villa with a heated swimming pool. I love to make love in lukewarm water» he laughed when Castiel had called him.
The tension is dropping as fast as it has risen and Sam doesn't seem to know what to do with his big carcass anymore.
She regrets it. Dean is her first love and she is his, but they are less and less there for each other.
Castiel was at one with Cheyenne. The children were screaming at the top of their lungs. So was Dean. Castiel was in his element.
Jewel desperately hung around the neck of his father who was not that proud either. Chadwick, sitting on the ground was grumbling, with his head buried in his hands.
He's tidying up what can be tidied up, before he changes the sheets. He's getting ready to dust the bedside table when he stops.
Dean nodded and headed to the kitchen. Castiel threw his bag on his shoulder and glanced one more time at the tents on the floor.
The children loved him and even despite his awkwardness with them, he returned that affection tenfold.
Dean was allowed to take off the paper gown and slippers… he threw it in a bin and was taking his place back on his chair, next to Castiel, in silence, when he heard a discreet knock on the door. Jewel’s shy little face appeared in the doorway.
« Not anymore, not entirely, since he’s set his heart on you, right ? Sorry, Honey, but he was the one who kissed you in the first place… and the second, for that matter» she said, before swallowing a piece of her dessert.
« What, that Dad is in love with Castiel? » Jewel innocently asked, instinctively holding her brother tight.
"Oh", getting up. "You didn't like her ? " Castiel wrinkles his brows, a mixture of puzzlement and curiosity then a suddenly sparkle in that blue that Dean couldn't define.
If Lisa was to live with them in this house, she wouldn’t be a new Tessa, nor a new mother, but simply a feminine presence… She had confessed she loved kids and she wanted to have some.
« Tomorrow I’ll show you the other side of the valley... That’s where most of our cattle is grazing.... You certainly saw some on your way here... »
« What’s going on here ? » he asked as he gently pushed the kids away from him, looking for an answer in their eyes.
« Thanks » he went on, smiling at him. « Holy cow… That was something » Dean said as he grabbed Wink’s reins. « And you, my friend,” he said addressing his mount, “ we have a few things to work out. And you’d better listen carefully, of you’ll end up as a « steak au poivre ».
They had eaten a late breakfast and by the time they’d cleaned everything and taken care of Apache, it was already time for lunch. Jewel suspected her father and brother to make it on purpose, which they denied in unison.
Castiel was lying there, bare-chested... On his left flank, Dean saw the drain coming out of his chest at the lung area and connected to the bottle collecting the blood… His blood.
« See ? » Kevin shrugged his shoulders. « It was just a matter of time ; but I gotta say that brunette almost ruined the whole thing » he said before leaving the office.
« I hope it’ll be better than last time » he claimed, giving a suspicious glance at the food preparations.
Dean felt stupid. He could at least tell him those words. He used to say it every year, so why would it be any different this year? He bit his lip.
« Please let me finish, will you ? So, I’ve been doing a lot of thinking after the dance lesson episode… »
« Do you seriously think what you’ve just said? » Castiel was staring in front of him, but there was a revived sparkle in his eyes.
Dean was inevitably putting an end to the game with his favorite closing remark « This game is really stupid », which had become his cult phrase.
Tessa had been gone for 7 months, he hadn’t gotten past it but he needed to move forward… He agreed… Castiel and Jo started began house hunting.
Dean waited for Bobby in the main hall. They found two empty seats in corridor B and tried to settle as comfortably as possible. Dean glanced at the clock on the wall.
At sunset, they were completely exhausted and Dean or Castiel had to carry them to their beds more than once.
The rest of the week stretched on at the same rhythm. Nothing had changed, not even the dog’s walk schedule.
« What kind of crazy thought to come up with such stuff » Dean was pissed and rubbed his hands on his pants.
When he was looking at Castiel, he was seeing more than a friend, more than a family member, he saw the man… all he could see was the man… and it seemed like an insuperable obstacle.
All the pain he had accumulated over the last few weeks, Dean’s dates outside, the smiles when he was on the phone, the very eloquent silences.
Bryan walked out of the kitchen, as he felt it was better to leave the two of them alone, knowing Dean wouldn’t confess in front of a stranger. Dean let out a heavy sigh, wanting to free himself of what was on his mind.
« Cass… He said that it wouldn’t be a problem in this state. All he’s waiting for right now is your green light. We already told him we all agreed here. »
There was no denying the obvious ... The children loved Castiel ... For them, he was more than a friend ... he was like a second father.
At night, when the children were sleeping, he loved to tell tales of his encounters in every detail over a last drink…
Jewel looked at him in the eye, holding tight her schoolbag against her chest. Chadwick stared at his own bag on the floor.
Dean was fighting with his inner turmoil and the idea of their bodies touching each other, sharing the desire burning inside him and the almost-repulsion he felt when he realized that these passionate kisses could lead to something he wasn’t quite ready for yet, thinking maybe he’d never be.
He pushed the door and greeted Jerry, the owner, with a smile... It was crowded. He glanced around for Gaby and spotted him at a table on the left, half hidden by the party wall that divided the room in two.
"I'm sorry, son... for everything... for that birthday that ruined all the others ... for all the years I leaned on your shoulders as a child because I didn't have the courage to move on... for not knowing how to be the father i should have been to Sam and letting you carry the responsibility..."
Chadwick and Jewel, without a word and in unison turned to their father, with a mischievous smile on their face.
"He accepted my apology after thanking me for opening my door the day his parents closed theirs on him... He's an amazing guy, Dean, and no words will ever excuse my attitude that day... It was petty, homophobic and disgusting... He didn't deserve that, you didn't deserve it... I'm sorry, son... I'm so sorry for all the hurt I did to you. "
Over time, Dean knows almost everything about him. The softness and the smell of his skin, the sound of his voice when he lets it go. Dean closes his eyes and gets lost in the memory of the immensity of this blue ocean which fixes him each time with this infinity devotion. He feels unworthy but he can no longer do without.
« SHIT ! » Dean snapped. He threw the hammer on the ground and walked away. He could hear his son start to laugh and Castiel begin to work on the tents.
He loved their peculiar friendship, the strange and ambiguous security. He couldn’t give him more and felt extremely selfish, but that was it.
She had invited him after Chadwick’s birth… They had known each other for ages but had lost touch over time… He had moved to New York with his boyfriend at the time.
« That’s what I thought… This guy is a complete moron » Madison concluded, swallowing a spoonful of whipped cream. « Nevertheless... » she went on, raising her spoon and plunging it in her coffee cup which the waiter had just brought «... the fact that he kissed you is already significant and sounds like good news » she looked very serious about it.
"Yes", Dean answers, smiling in turn, with tenderness. "Your place is with us ... with ... with me ....You're family, Cass...this is your home too.. always been, I just forgot to remind you that."
« You look like you’ve seen a ghost. » Balty said mockingly. « Don’t I even get a hug? » he pouted, looking at the children with a dismayed face.
The rest of the afternoon went on in the same ambiance after several minutes of discomfort quickly forgotten, Bobby joined the conversation, exchanging accomplice glances and smiles with Dean from time to time.
« It’s not hygenic, Jewel… Quit that!» Castiel claimed as he put away the pie in the fridge where it had to rest for 30 minutes before cooking.
« OH SHIT » Dean shouted, raising up. « Lisa... She’s been trying to reach me for the last two days. Dammit! With all that damn work... »
« There you go » He claimed. « Now… » A wicked smiled stretched his lips « That being done,... » he bent to pick up a handful of snow.
« Hey, quit that lousy game with me » Dean shouted as he finally managed to put his boot in the ring.
« The female neighbors never complained about it, as far as I know » Castiel added, contemplating his finished work with a smile of satisfaction.
« My God, besides frozen food, does it happen that you guys sometimes eat some healthy food? » he despaired.
Although during all these years they had seen his love for Tessa in his eyes and gestures, they had never seen him kiss her in public or show more intimate token of affection openly... He kept it all very private...
« He’s been my friend for so long… He’s a part of my family, he‘s the pillar of it. What if it goes wrong and I lose everything ?»
A brand new family was born around the table, filled with half-eaten cakes, empty wine glasses and coffee cups… A family beyond blood
« Provided our hearts ever survive this. » Dean mumbled, showing a mixture of grin and contained anger.
« Oh My God ! » Castiel was all smiles. He put both hands on his face, leaving a tiny place open for his glowing eyes to peek.
Dean was bouncing on his saddle, dangerously swaying from side to side, in a light gallop... He tried to pull the reins in an attempt to stop the horse… desperately shouting Hoooo... and Stoooop....but Wink was acting its own way.
Balty had been offered invitations for a temporary exhibition on the theme of emotions in contemporary art. He had mentioned it to Castiel who immediately jumped on the opportunity.
« After all, you’ve got Lisa. » he said bitterly « One day, she’ll fill the whole space in your life »
I wanted to keep you informed, I know that there is nothing more frustrating than not knowing if a fic will have an end or not.
STOP THINKING! The words exploded in Dean’s head; he pushed him back on the bed and, without a second thought, plunged his hand into Castiel’s boxer who let out a gasp of surprise when he felt the other’s hand on his tensed crotch.
He felt like shouting but remained silent. Finally, he had been able to love Dean. He had seen the desire in his eyes, aiming at him, just this once. An image etched on his memory for ever...
« It’s very good, Uncle Bobby » Jewel said with a big smile as she swallowed some more scalloped potatoes.
« I am… I really am... Our garage is doing well, I’ve got a great family, friends I can count on » he said, looking sideways at Franck who pretended not to notice. « .... two kids I adore and who love me »
He sat in front of the kitchen table and breathed out a long sigh. It didn’t seem that difficult, after all.
« How come each time we meet, the conversation revolves around this subject? » Dean started to laugh.
« I prefer to stop right here if you don’t feel like going any further… I want you, do you understand that ? I’ve wanted you for so long… I need you »
« You have to replicate the exact same movements of the dancers on the screen… Piece of cake, you’ll see »
Chadwick got 2 games for his console as well as Avengers pj’s from his father. Jewel got several coloring books and drawings pads as well as a color pen set of 100 assorted, a Jungle Book puzzle but most of all an interactive plush electronic puppy which made her jump to the ceiling.
« C’mon man, snap out of it. What’s the matter with ya ? You’re such an asshole » he rubbed his hands in the cold.
“We’re gonna introduce you to your companions for the week... I’m usually quite good at designating who’s gonna ride each horse but I prefer to make sure they’re the right ones for each of you before proceeding further"
Dean hadn’t really reacted when he heard the word « nature »… He thought walking in the woods would be involved, but certainly not a whole week-end living in the woods, trying to avoid mosquitoes eating you alive and hurting his back, sleeping on a ground which had nothing to match his comfortable mattress at home.
« Cattle thieves primarily aim at selling the stolen animals to butchers… The easier the better for them… Branding is the safest and cheapest way… They’re equipped with a chip when they are destined for sale to a private owner or another breeder.»
« So what ?» she let Inias serve her too. « Thanks, honey » she said, looking at the waiter as he walked away
A few hands on the shoulder and friendly pats on the back have become the only contact Dean allows himself.
« You should have done that at her place !» Balty looked daggers at him, using the plate as a potential weapon.
He felt Dean’s hand moving in his back up to his shoulders… his heartbeat started to speed up, and his desire jumped with force. He felt the tips of Dean’s fingers on his arm and couldn’t help but moan.
« Dammit ! He’s a lot more fuckable today » Castiel whispered, leaning to grab a handful of popcorn in the bowl Dean was refusing to share.
Castiel, bare-chested wearing only white pajamas pants, grabbed a branch from the wood pile as an improvised weapon and walked slowly around the tent.
The next fear had been to hear Castiel refuse the task, despite his obvious bond with the children. Dean was their father; yet would Castiel be able to raise them by himself ?
"It's exactly what i'm thinking and i'm telling you again...I don't care.... No one is here to judge you, Dean...no one and certainly not me."
"You’re talking nonsense, I meant it, Cass. I’m about to hit you for that " Dean was furious, his face had turned pale, and he was looking tense and tired ...
« If there is anything I can do, don’t hesitate to call me, all right ?» she tried to make eye contact.
"Pa'', Dean babbles, lump in his throat-, his eyes catching his brother's, which has grown another one inch more, and it makes him laugh when he just wants to cry.
« You’re shining like a penny. There is no way you’re gonna mess it up.» he said as he grabbed the trench coat, smiling.
"They must have found a way to make him bend. ", Benny continued, sadly. "Maybe this wasn't such a good idea after all," he says, staring at Meg.
They had never exchanged Christmas gifts in his family. Christmas was supposed to celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ, son of God. No Christmas tree either, to his father claimed it was a pagan tradition. Just an enormous crib where Castiel had the right to put Baby Jesus at midnight.
« What do you wanna know? » Dean suddenly felt relieved to share this new happiness of his, although he wasn’t aware of the price Castiel had to pay.
« I think it’s a very good idea » Castiel approved. He guessed Dean wasn’t too happy about it, even if he tried to hide his reluctance to go.
Blue eyes met emerald ones. Dean raised a hand behind his neck, pulled him close and put his forehead against his.
" CASS " Dean ran towards him, almost tripping and finally let himself slide to Castiel, using his feet to control its speed.
« So, we have…» he started, pointing at the dishes, one by one,« scalloped potatoes, green beans with bacon, dried tomato salad and this…» he leaned over to examine the weird plate.
; but I wasn’t gonna wander with a net on my face the whole time, right ? And that damn spray wasn’t working.»
« So you believe I’m wrong, is that it, that I’m too inflexible? » somehow, he was afraid of the answer he’d get.
Only Dean remained silent. Castiel approaches, but Jo beats him to it. He stops, shyly. But Dean pushes Jo away, a little dry, hurting her friend who goes back to the others, head down.
Castiel didn’t have many friends, but he could count on any of them. The ordeal that had hit him nearly three years ago had shown him the value of this friendship... It was inestimable...
Dean watched him trot away, clearly at ease as he must have been before, then he saw him get to gallop… a gentle gallop… Castiel seemed to float, holding the reins in one hand, guiding the horse with his legs only...
« What ? Does my nose bleed or something ? » he asked, checking with the tip of his fingers, just in case, pretending to be panicked.
« Anyway, I need to give an official confirmation today… It’s up to you, guys… But I think that’ll do you good… A family week-end, far from the usual buzz » he finished his sentence in a sigh, looking down.
" You’ll fetch the kids this afternoon. I’ll come home late. You’ll have time to talk to them, if you find the courage to do so." He freed from Dean’s hand who felt like he’d been slapped in the face. " See you tomorrow "
At the time, he was already in love with Dean, he had fell in love at first sight. Since then, that song had become their song, but his own in particular.
Dean stepped forward to Castiel, he was all smiles. Castiel went down the last step and looked down.
« A little, but you’re all here and I feel a lot better already. » He tried to raised his left hand, but he lacked the strength.
“I don’t know what to do... I haven’t even talked to him... We’ve just stared at each other and I couldn’t tear my eyes away from him... I thought my heart was going to explode... I’ve never felt something like that... Dammit...” He mumbled, pinching the bridge of his nose.
« Shut up » Castiel said in a broken voice. « Shut up....Zeke » he suddenly felt very tired and close to tears.
He took her in his arms and held her tight for a long while, with his chin resting on her head, so small and yet so strong.
He withdrew into himself and Bobby understood the matter was closed. He stared at Dean for a while waiting the him to speak some more. But nothing.
He's afraid to approach, he's afraid to believe in this slight smile that slides on the lips of this too emaciated face.
The highlight of the show was the hood covering his head, properly equipped with big ears on each side.
« They are hand-stitched. If you take care of them and of course, if you don’t grow too fast…» he paused and smiled « ...You’ll keep them for several years »
It doesn't take much for Dean to rush to his friend who seemed to be waiting only for that moment to let go. Dean grabs him by the shoulders while Sam holds him by the waist.
« Kevin is dealing with a Camaro... I’m still busy with a Toyota and a Ford that the owners are supposed to pick up tomorrow. These are top priorities » he replied, as he motioned the cars to Bobby who was already taking off his coat as he followed through the premises.
The children were so excited that they asked a million questions to Balty, although he couldn’t answer each one of them.
He empties his beer and, while placing his bottle on the ground, glances sideways at the hood. Castiel's hand is placed there in silent expectation.
Sam can perceive behind all this rage a real concern and especially a breaking through armement that Dean can no longer hide.
He caught himself on a table before losing his balance and fell into a chair facing an old woman dressed in black…
«...I would have accepted if his happiness was at stake. Even if I didn’t have two gay friends explaining how it works» she went on.
“Well, I believe the presentations are already done,” Gaby scorned. “On that note, I’ll leave you.” Castiel looked away from Dean and turned to Gaby, panic washing over his face. “Go on... Talk to each other... You’ve got plenty of things to say... Above all about a certain Cupid’s arrow...” Gaby laughed.
" Because I don’t wanna discuss this with an eleven year old boy who has to cope with the fact his own father is in love with another man "
While she pushed her medical care cart along, she saw a small group of visitors coming her way : a woman and two children. She recognized on the boy’s face the features of his father.
Castiel felt the emotion rising in his heart as he watched her painstakingly working on their common project.
Dean hadn’t said anything; just a few phone calls and all was in place, because it had to be, because the time had come.
« Stop thinking too much, as a start. Asking yourself too many questions will only make you forget the one and only question that is essential» Balty explained.
Dean helps him with his homework and makes dinner while the youngest takes a shower. They eat watching an episode of The Simpsons or Batman. Maybe Sam will get a chance to say goodnight to his father before he goes to sleep.
He closed his eyes, holding a bottle of beer in his hands. He was proud of himself. This wasn’t excessive pride or vanity, he had just thumbed his nose at life...
Tonight, « Attack of the Killer Tomatoes » and « Eight Legged Freaks » were on and Jewel could watch them without being scared.
Sam gave Castiel a compassionate look but he was hurt, again, by Dean’s words… Hurtful just for the sake of causing pain… So the angel would run away and he would no longer feel the need to hold him, consumed by the desire of the body which knotted his guts… But the more he chased him away, the more Castiel tried to better and the worse it got.
« You’re gonna beg for mercy, I swear, unworthy son of mine» Jewel jumped on the bed and tickled her brother too. Castiel entered the room and watched them play together.
Of course, nothing happened as planned... They had barely finished to build the snowman that Apache jumped on it and start to scrape energetically.
Castiel turned to Dean and planted a quick kiss on hi slips. Dean felt his cheeks turn to red as he wasn’t used to demonstration of tenderness in public; he was feeling uncomfortable and was waddling where he was.
Castiel looked at him running towards the entrance, without a last look behind him, followed by Jewel who had been waiting for her brother.
Chadwick came back from the walk with the dog and made a face when he heard the crying tone of his sister.
« I know, Dad. I love you too… I’m sorry... » He slowly moved away; the intimate contact made him feel uncomfortable. He was also feeling bad for hurting his father, yet he didn’t wanna lie to him. He just didn’t want Lisa be a member of the family.
Dean felt his own desire grow in his pants suddenly too tight; the image he had under his eyes was so erotic he felt overwhelmed.
Jewel was playing with the dog, throwing a wooden stick in the lake. Apache ran till the bank, hesitated for a brief moment and then jumped in the water.
He discreetly looked at the empty glass Bobby couldn’t help adding every time for the last ten years.
« It matters to me that…» she looked at him in the eyes. « Dean... have you ever asked yourself how you really feel about Castiel ? »
Sam was the one to reconcile them, and from Hunts turned road trip, they were able to tolerate each other but their friendship had never returned to what it had been or what they thought they had been to one another. Sam was the mediator and it seemed to work, for a while… Dean accepted to once again work with Castiel who had returned to the severe and distant behavior of his early days… The hurt was killing him… Sam could see it… Dean could feel it… But nothing was ever said… Everything was stifling… Their love was all the more obvious to everyone’s eyes, except Dean’s…
Jewel had joined her brother and grabbed his hand. Chadwick squeezed it as he watched Zeke and Castiel leaving. Before closing the door, Castiel turned around and looked at them one more time.
Castiel was happy, it clearly showed on his face : no more questions needed, all the answers were right there.
He sees the angel's shoulders sag and his knuckles whiten around his beer bottle. Dean almost expects it to burst in his hands.
Jo was nervous too yet for other reasons. VIN had called earlier, he was on his way. He had postponed his arrival on account of an opening.
In an immediate reflex and before it fell, Balty caught the little car that was in precarious balance on Dean’s knees.
« He is quite something » he said about Balty. « If he didn’t exist, we’d have to invent him. » sitting on the couch armrest.
« What about you, what’s your opinion? » She asked Castiel who was cutting the pecan nut pie crust into smaller bites for Jewel, sitting on the floor at his feet.
Dean had been raising him alone for nearly four years, since the day their father decided to pack up and leave and then never gave any sign of life, leaving the younger brother in the family apartment. It was the neighbour who called Dean when Sam knocked at his door at 1.00am, hungry.
They displayed a paper Christmas table cloth and various Champaign glasses. Then the time had come for serving the appetizers. The caterer had called to confirm he would be there within half an hour… Bobby wasn’t too happy about the timing but nevertheless he felt relieved everything was in place.
"About 20 years ago, when we were still traveling with Dad, I saw you with... with that boy... It was an accident, you weren't supposed to be there... Or me for that matter.... I must admit that at the time, it was quite a shock,... My brother's Casanova in the arms of another man, there was something to be surprised about", with a clumsy smile.
« I loved him for both of us » he smiled, suddenly feeling exhausted. « I thought that, in time, he would finally care for me as much as I cared for him, but... »
« Jesus, he’s so touchy... I know what I’ll wish for when kissing under the mistletoe this year » he said, grabbing the appetizers.
“I like him, fine.” Dean finally admitted. “He’s saved my life more the once… We’re linked… He’s funny too with the way he’s always offbeat.” He smiled tenderly. “… He’s got so much courage… I admire him in a way… It took guts to face off against all of Paradise… Okay it’s true he screwed it up too and not just a little…”
He had only found out about the joy of celebration with his first boyfriend and since then, he’d never missed one.
"But if you think I'm going to deal with the museum chapter alone, you’re sorely mistaken... You’ll come with us ... I don’t see myself answering their questions all at once "
Her son, that man he had been in love with for five years, was dead... Victim of an enemy fire... A life erased in one sweep... Two lives actually, because his had been swept away at the same time. Victim of human stupidity, Castiel wanted to shout...
He decides to tidy up the house to occupy his mind. He hasn't been in his oldest son's room since that fateful day.
« And you came to that conclusion after several minutes of conversation only ? » Castiel was laughing, though it was a bitter laugh.
Apache sadly dropped the ball. « Oh C’mon, big balls » and all of a sudden, the dog had managed to seduce his eternal accomplice, Balty.
He pushes the door and finds himself facing the same scene as that year. A donkey-shaped pinata hangs in the middle of the room. All the guests are dressed in jackets and hats, sweating under layers of clothes, but all smiling.
The hours go by and Sam starts to get worried. He plays with his half-empty beer bottle while looking from his computer screen to the stairs leading to the main room, then tries for the third time in the afternoon to contact Dean.
"What incident, Cass? "He suddenly remembered the video game store. "You mean the other asshole back there?"
For the first time since he knew Castiel, he saw he had come back from his mother’s more relaxed than usual. He had told about the kiss and the days after that.
The dog jumped in the middle of the trio, knocking Dean over, leaving him with his face on the ground, his arms spread wide, on his knees, and his butt up aiming at the ceiling.
Chadwick wasn’t feeling that happy either ; yet he looked more like his father, not ready to show his feelings even if he had demonstrated more affection to Castiel lately. He was simply afraid to lose the man.
Castiel smiled tenderly as he watched the kids and it suddenly became painful. For him… For them… Unable to love him in the same way, to overcome his apprehension and this physical distance that seemed insuperable.
Castiel was sitting in the kitchen, staring at his coffee mug. Dean had let him brew in his own juice for three weeks ; the children was speaking of nothing else than that dog which had become an obsession.
Nothing else matters when there are only two ... Nothing more than their bodies that mingle and unite.
" You couldn’t help it, could you ?" Dean jumped on his feet. " You had to proclaim it on the rooftops... Hey everybody, I’m banging Dean Winchester... Classy! " he waved his arms, feeling obviously furious.
« It lacks a bit of originality ; that being said, I’m a total dummy regarding photography » Castiel replied, trying to contain a big laughter.
It was a female and Bobby had asked Jewel to find a name for her as she was its official godmother. The little girl had been thinking about it the whole week and although she had an idea, she wouldn’t tell anyone yet.
Castiel went to bed first. Then Jewel. Chadwick was playing on his PSP on the stoop, Jack and Apache sitting at his feet… Nothing was disturbing the quiet atmosphere of the evening but the crispy sound of bugs as they hit the lamp.
« One thing doesn’t preclude the other, you know. Gay people are allowed to get married in several states and nothing prevents us from having kids » he said in a soft tone, without passing any judgement. He understood Dean’s reaction, it was only natural.
He put on his trench coat and closed the door, lowering his head. A sharp snap inside the flat. The portrait had just fallen onto the floor.
Dean gently pulled his face away. He desperately needed to watch him, to dive in those eyes, pupils dilated.
"No car will ever dethrone Baby," he replies offended, "I wish you could see this beauty," in a sadder tone. "I wish you were here... I miss you... Yes, I know, but it's not the same... I... I can't, Cass, you know that," he whispers, sadly.
He had openly revealed his love for their father and they didn’t seem to be disturbed, as if it was so obvious for them, unlike the target of this love, who had obviously decided to erase those few minutes from his memories.
« A good father? He rejected you, Cass! … He threw you away like garbage. Moreover, he’ll never know what he lost. »
Sam watched them from afar… Never had his brother showed any sadness for the angel… Worry at times, remorse often but never any tears. And it was the same now.
"Come here " He took the clothes one by one and put them on his arm and grabbed Jewel with his free hand.
"Really Angel ? " Dean teases while reaching out his hand to rub out a piece of sugar from the Castiel's cheek.
« He once booked holidays for us at Lake Placid… He wanted to apologize for our last dispute... He offered me a mare… He knew I wanted to leave and he knew I loved horses… He knew perfectly how to trap me… I receded… Once again. I wanted so much to believe that we could make it work. I was so wrong. He finally had it off with the riding teacher » He started to laugh, which broke Dean’s heart. It was a laughter full of despair and disenchantment.
« I can’t answer because I don’t even know what to answer » he said, walking away from her, shuffling through his hair, squeezing his head and shouting his anger. « I feel good when I’m with him… I feel like I’m whole...I can’t even imagine what we would do without him ».
As soon as he closes the door, his mother restart the car, leaving him alone on the sidewalk. He watches her walk away, his schoolbag in his hand.
Less than five minutes later, the kids were all set : Chadwick was wearing red shorts and Jewel a lovely bikini. She ran to the father, handing him the swim-trainers. When he was done inflating them, Castiel showed up, ready to swim.
The rest of the day ran smoothly. Jewel disappeared after lunch, dressed up in three layers of sweaters… Tessa was waiting for her.
Chadwick had been waiting for them in front of the sports center for a while. When he saw Castiel’s Ford pull over and the driver’s door open, he was about to say he’d been kept waiting for half an hour in the draft when he saw his sister sitting in the passenger seat. Her eyes were red, obviously from crying and Castiel’s face was rather pale.
Castiel was standing somewhat behind in silence. However, Dean could feel his sadness even if Cass was doing the best he could to hide it.
« I know, Balty… One lifetime won’t be enough to thank you for what you did. We owe you everything »
Shopping together wasn’t really a family business. Sometimes, on rare occasions, they were filling the caddie together. Not that Dean didn’t want to shop with Castiel or the other way around; one was simply taking advantage of the opportunity to take care of other tasks, laundry, dish-washing or cleaning the house, without the kids hopping around in the house. It had become a habit and no one had ever complained about it.
I would like to thank all the readers (in the shadow or the light) for taking the time to read my fic.
Castiel’s put one hand on Chadwick’s shoulder while he was holding the little hand of Jewel, playing hopscotch on the paving stones, trying to avoid the edges.
Jewel had to attend a rehearsal on Friday. Castiel refused to let Dean take her as he feared he would make a scandal. He would surely have, as his anger had been building up for a whole week.
« 5 dollars » They turned around and were surprised to see Jewel standing in front of them, extending her hand toward her brother.
The darkness has been defeated. A relative peace reigns over this cursed land of which he is forever a prisoner . Since, he's split his existence between hunts and his sleepless nights.
His gaze wanders to the hallway leading to the rooms. Thoughts and desires collide in a dark muddle.
« Don’t get mad, it’s useless » Castiel stopped being cheerful. « I will ask Jo to come with us instead. I promised that activity to the kids. I thought you’d be happy to join. »
« Forget it, it’s VERY frustrating, but it’s OK. What do you mean by obvious ? » She rearranged the band holding her pony tail.
« That’s a good idea» he said, hoping his first morning coffee would kick in fast. « A little family activity will do us good ; besides, the weather forecast is ideal. »
The next day was dedicated to hiking - and this time, Dean decided to get involved - chicken skewers, hide-and-seek games to please Jewel. These eventually ended up in a fight as the dog kept on betraying them all. There was some groaning and laughing. They ended up on the ground, rolling over and biting the dust.
His phone suddenly started to ring, his expression turned serious all of a sudden, yet Jo saw that little sparkle in his eyes. That was from HIM.
Dean thought that Garth would certainly tell his adventure with Wink to some tourists in a few days and they would surely laugh as he was laughing right now... So much for his wounded pride.
« OK. I suggest that you all walk with your companion in the paddock. Take the reins and get familiar with their pace… Don’t hesitate to talk to them…Whispering to horses ain’t a legend »
The tents were properly set up, next to each other. A small one for Castiel, a larger one for Dean and the kids.
« She said Daddy and Chadwick and Jo can come but not you. But I don’t want that. I don’t want you to be away. »
Dean forced his children to go to school the next Monday. Jo drove them, even if they wanted to see Castiel so badly… She promised she would take care of Apache so that they pay a visit to Castiel at the hospital right after the end of their school day.
Batman, the ultimate opus of the last bow, in a collector's edition and hardback. Dean caresses the cover with veneration.
The car had been defying him all morning. He hadn’t taken a lunch break and wasn’t ready to give up just yet. It was out of the question that this car was to resist him, at any cost.
« Chad » Castiel’s voice was nothing but a whisper and he had to brake in a rush before the light turned red.
« In this case, who gives a damn? » He stood up. « I prefer to see you happy even with a guy. After all, I’m not the one to sleep with him » His face suddenly went pale.
They spent the entire morning in the paddock talking to each other and stroking their horses... None of them had been saddled yet… Garth quietly explained the agenda for the rest of the day and the days after.
When they woke up and went downstairs that morning, breakfast was already on the table but Castiel was nowhere to be found. If he hadn’t left a note on the kitchen table, Dean would have picked up his phone immediately.
He knew the reason for his friend’s solitude… He accepted it… He joked about it on occasion but never at his expense.
« We met at a private party… He just moved in the area… He doesn’t know anyone here yet… So I decided to take care of him. »
"I'm doing it right," Bobby says in the same tone, throwing his cap on the floor. " Idjit.. you don't even know how lucky you are, even if it's standing in front of your stupid face."
« Holy Christ, this guy is really gifted making things difficult» raising the eyes. « Whatever, he’ll end up getting laid, one way or another, so what’s that hesitation about ? »
« Pleased to meet you… Madi told me so much about you » the man said with sparkling eyes, looking at Dean then Castiel, as he extended a hand.
He finally saluted Castiel who seemed a bit lost. Dean walked closer and smiled as he let his hand slide down Castiel’s arms until he delicately brushed his fingers against his wrist before he parted. All had been said in this simple demonstration.
« Please,... » he pointed out the living room. « Welcome in our modest home... Nothing fancy, but it’s ours »
"Chad , I present you Storm .... You’ll see, it’s as sweet as a lamb, unlike what its name suggests "
" Because it’s about Castiel, and because he’s a man, is that it ? Are you scared or ashamed. Tell me!" Chadwick was defying his father openly.
He stopped along the way to buy some champagne and Santas' boxes filled with sweets. He offered them to Kevin and Franck who had offered him the Indiana Jones collector box...
She stays there, incredulous, half naked, almost ashamed to have offered herself to this man who remains impassible.
Dean smiled, stood up and started to clean the table. He stored the butter and the milk back in the fridge.
Dean feels a lump in his throat. He blamed himself to care so much about his friend's indifference. But that cold, lifeless boy who just confronted him is not his Castiel.
“Just kidding... He knows I like his Kiki,” he replied, not tearing his gaze away from the waiter who was taking the order of a young couple at the other end of the room. “Will you come here?” he was losing patience.
Since that time, he would keep his pain down deep inside. When the wall was about to crack, he was making fun about everything not to lose control… Dean had never been the exhibitive type, except with his children.
« Don’t you dip your nose in all the dishes, why don’t you bring them to the living room instead » Bobby mumbled, grabbing one of the bags.
As they were taking their bath, Dean ordered in a Chinese supper, as he wasn’t in the mood for cooking.
« But I don’t know how I can manage THAT, I have a job and I won’t have the time to take care of that little creature.»
« Even if what you say is true, even if that kiss… » he nervously twisted his cup between his fingers. « He’ll never take the plunge »
« I don’t know yet, it all depends on Greg’s exhibition» he replied as he leaned to Jewel who wanted to give him a goodbye hug.
« So tell me, would you mind if I invite Madison and her husband for lunch next Saturday? She’s dying to meet you »
The « Black Horse » ranch was composed of several buildings.The main residence was made of wood and bricks, two floors and on the side, the staff quarters...
« Tell him, before it’s too late » she turned away without another look at him. She grabbed her coat and left.
He strongly gripped Dean’s hair as he felt his hand start to move in an irregular and clumsy way at first.
« What ? » Dean asked his sister, sitting there with her legs folded up against her chest, her chin resting on her knees.
« I’m sorry, my dear, but I can’t allow your… » She was searching for the proper word to use, her eyes half-closed.
Dean opened the portable cooler on his left and grabbed a beer which he put next to Castiel who was staring at the lake surface.
They had to drag him with his leash. He would let himself pull, rubbing his butt on the ground and moaning until they reached the door.
He snatched his phone out and called him because he needed to hear hm… He missed his voice. He missed him.
" Dammit. What an asshole " he said, rubbing his face, leaning back on his chair. " I’m such an idiot " His voice was broken with emotion.
He set the flesh aside in a big bowl. Dean came back about 10 minutes later and granted him a wry smile which Castiel returned... He pulled up his sleeves, looked at the bowl and prepared all the ingredients for a soup.
« He loves me. I think he’s loved me for ever for that matter» he nodded. « He promised he would stay, even if I couldn’t share the way he feels »
"Don't be... Don't ever change, Sam.. Never," Castiel says, dropping one of his bags to give him back his hug.
« Because there’s no place for anyone else in here. Because in their hearts, there’s only a place for you and Castiel… Castiel and you… and nobody else »
Dean returned to the Motel immediately… Castiel knew the address… Sam remained quiet… For months now, he brother and Castiel had been playing at ignoring each other and now, Sam knew it was simply too late… Too late for Dean…
He flipped the pancakes and sighed. He may as well do as if nothing happened, the fact remained he had kissed his friend and everything had changed between them, even if they were trying – rather clumsily – to avoid the subject.
« I’m gonna walk the dog and then I’m going to bed. I’m really exhausted » Castiel made a tired smile.
« You know it’s ok with me. I’ll drive the kids to school during the whole week, if that helps you deal with your agenda more easily? »
Dean wasn’t very keen on board games ; first of all because he thought he was too old for that, and then because he was a very poor loser ; losing against his kids didn’t make him feel very proud.
« Sir.... I’ve heard about you and your family for so long » he took off his gloves and shook hands with him.
« We’ll never talk about this incident again, ever... Your father and I... » he grabbed the wheel real tight and tried to find the proper words that wouldn’t pass his lips o matter what.
« It was great. Jo recorded the whole thing, so you won’t miss any of it.» he smiled with a gentle pat on the arm.
"Don't tempt me," the elder replies sarcastically. "All this is your fault," waving his finger at Sam.
He arrived early at their lunch place and sat down at their reserved table, close to the window, taking his hat and coat off, and ruffling through his hair.
« I told you and I’ll tell you again, you’re part of this family… And know that Bryan is welcome too, the family will be happy to grow ».
The three of them were sitting on the floor, around the coffee table, 3 pizzas in front of them, when Castiel entered the room.
" We were waiting for you or Dad to talk about it" the boy said, with a hardened face. " But you never said anything… Ever… Why ? " He looked really puzzled.
They had planned a special Indiana Jones evening, at the request of Castiel. The children were happy about it.
"BECAUSE... BECAUSE I LOVE YOU... DAMMIT" Dean bursts, banging his fist on the table, closing his eyes to the pain. "Because I don't know how to show you how much," he opens his eyes again. "I do not know," he whispers.
Almost two months since they haven't seen each other. Castiel disappeared within an hour of the end of the previous cycle and hasn't been heard from since. Nothing was the same after his fight with Benny.
He hadn’t been able to control himself and had slapped her for the very first time, his own sister to whom he had just confessed and who had told him something he wasn’t ready to heat just yet.
He understood, right this moment, that he would love Dean forever and nothing would ever change that. He had that kind of immune disease that’s eating you up from the inside and eventually kills you.
As soon as he had walked Apache home, he was going out again to walk the last three dogs on his duty list. Three old buddies that only required a few minutes’ walk.
« The very moment I saw her… Can’t explain… There are magical moments in a life when it just pops before your eyes »
« Don’t worry… It’s gonna be fine… We’re gonna love this artist of yours » Dean was attempting to make her more at ease. « I’m pretty sure he’s gonna take the test just fine » His lips stretched in a slightly ironic smile.
Castiel rises slowly. He puts his clothes back in order to try to regain his composure before leaning towards Benny, hand outstretched. The grip is painful on the injured phalanges, but all that matters to Castiel at this moment is the forgiveness that this gesture implies.
« Ella » Dean repeated as he watched Castiel cradling the little dog and the kids laughing at the scene.
She decided to be patient because she also knew one thing for sure : her brother would eventually open up to her.
« As if I hadn’t enough to manage those three without having you too mixing in » Dean said, squeezing her tight against him.
The attic was divided in two spaces: the bedrooms on one side and a large lumber room where Uncle Bobby was hardly visiting.
« I’m sorry, Bobby.... I’m exhausted, I’d had one hell of a week and this story with Lisa and all the rest… It’s all getting on my nerves »
« It’d be a surprise. After all, I must be like the majority of parents, dreaming of a wedding with a white dress, hoping to be a grand-father one day, you know, that kind of stuff.»
"We definitely never knew how to talk to each other, isn't it ? " Dean sighs as he pulls the last piece of glass.
Castiel poured himself some coffee and sat on the chair facing Dean. He couldn’t help wincing. Dean stared at him.
They called each other every day, unable to stand more than twenty-four hours without hearing each other. Wasn’t it love too?
“The prevailing trend is to just drop in unannounced, so you’d have fit right in if you did the same.”
Sam shares a concerned glance with his brother after the bathroom door clicks shut, but he relaxes a little when he hears the shower start up. Cas is really freaking him out, but at least he’s stopped being so stubborn about listening to Dean. He’d looked so drained, so pale, when he’d returned from his interviews. And when they’d asked him why it’d taken so long, Cas had said he’d had trouble concentrating during the interviews.
“Either, I guess. We should probably have a talk with Claire about not giving out our location to all and sundry.”
“Look, Sammy has watched us huddle up together on the couch damn near every day since this happened. I’m not afraid to show it, I just really hate the word ‘cuddle.’ I’m not a fourteen-year-old.”
, they need to catch this pied piper person. Sam goes back to his own reading. They need to solve this soon.
Before he could make good on the threat then and there, Charlie entered. To her surprise, her usual “what’s up, bitches?” was met with thrown bottlecaps and a chorus of boos.
Claire was still there when Dean shuffled into the kitchen the next morning. She and Cas were staring at each other over cups of coffee and tea, and Dean honestly wasn’t sure who would win that staring contest. Cas had angel mojo, but Claire was all teenaged stubbornness and angst. He grabbed his own mug (yeah, he had a special mug now) and poured some coffee while he watched the show.
“Me too. I’ve spent half my life in that car, but somehow I never really get tired of it. Still, I’m glad for my memory foam at home. Makes it easier to travel knowing I’ll come home to that.”
The skin-to-skin contact felt like it always had, and Dean let himself be grounded by it. As difficult as it had been getting used to needing to be around another person nearly twenty-four/seven, he was so used to it at this point that he wasn’t sure how he’d react to having his independence again once the bond finally cemented. A very small part of him hoped it would take the full two years Cas had estimated it might. At least while forced to be together, he didn’t have to worry about messing things up so badly that Cas left him, as he physically couldn’t. Still, Dean needed to fix things before they went irreparably wrong. If only he knew how.
how to move in a way that complimented Castiel’s movements. Plus, kitchen work was way less bloody and concussion-inducing than fighting was. Double plus,
The teasing grin drops from Sam’s face. “Know … holy shit. Have you finally admitted to yourself your feelings for Cas?”
Cas sighed and pushed the book away, then got up and started pacing. Dean had been drinking steadily for the last hour as he watched Sam and Cas scour yellowed pages, debate ideas, and even get into a yelling match at one point. Cas had confirmed Sam’s belief that it was indeed cribbed from the angelic marriage bonding ritual used to join angels in a romantic union (even though Dean still had trouble believing angels could feel love that way) and that it was permanent. Apparently angel divorce didn’t exist, because of course not. Angels were very Extra like that.
Claire glanced over at the movement, and her face flashed a surprised smile. “Kevin! You came. How is the Men of Letters life treating you?”
like my dad, but his mannerisms, the way he speaks, the things he does, none of that is my dad. And I’m getting used to it, I think? Like pretending Dad had a weird twin brother or something. But any time I try to talk to him …” She shrugged, then turned and let herself slide down the wall to sit on the floor. Dean joined her.
After that, Sam split off to go back to the library as they walked through the halls back to their room. “I’ll leave you guys to finish rearranging your room. I’m going to get back to researching.”
Okay, he wasn’t actually quite so chill with this whole thing—he still felt terrible for what it was doing to Cas, and the less said about the constant need to touch him, the better—but now that he was feeling less fainty and his belly was full, he could at least push down the guilt for a little while. They all needed a little humor at the moment.
Everyone laughed and got up, filing out for food. Dean held back until the end, and Cas joined him, pulling him into a hug. “You haven’t stopped grinning since we got back from the hunt.”
“Damn it, that means Charlie wins the pot,” Bobby added. Dean wasn’t sure how one opened a beer disgustedly, but Bobby somehow managed it.
“I am totally willing to throw her under the bus and let you know that she probably cheated,” Dean offered. “I kinda confided in her just a couple of weeks before I finally manned up.”
“Because I’ve never had a home! You have happy, fuzzy memories of a real childhood and a real home, but I never had that! And the one,
Claire sighed and slumped back. “I was really fucking mad at you for years, you know. Taking my dad from me, causing my mom to leave me.” She laughed bitterly. “I’d even convinced myself that Grammy’s death was your fault somehow. And it didn’t hurt that you were a complete dick the first time I met you.”
The only time Dean had spoken was to ask if there were actual romantic effects to worry about. If all it meant was that he had extra fighting power and that Cas got … something from Dean in return (no clue what that might be, though, as he said he’d felt the same so far and Dean didn’t have anything special to give anyway), then it might not be the end of the world. But Cas had glared and gone back to reading without answering. At that point, Dean started taking larger drinks from his new friend, whiskey, and shut up.
I want to tell them, both of them, and Claire and Charlie, Bobby, Jody, and Garth, and all our friends. Why would you think …” Dean stared at his angel. How could Cas question that? Cas was amazing, and he wanted to shout it to the rooftops that they were finally,
Dean paused, unsure how to react to that … compliment? “Great,” he finally said. “Now, sleep. Wait! You don’t sleep. Do you need to grab some books, or borrow my laptop to watch Netflix? Or …” Before he could finish, a stack of books appeared on the bedside table. “Right, okay then. You can leave the light on to read; it won’t bother me, which I’m sure you know, since you’ve watched me sleep before.” He didn’t even think of it as a dig until Cas replied softly.
“See!” Dean said, sitting down next to Cas, who held a take-out cup of sage tea he’d picked up when they got their take-out. He wasn’t eating—still didn’t need to, thank goodness—but he was well into the habit of trying to blend in by having a drink in front of him any time he was around food. “All you need is a pair of glasses and you could be teaching a philosophy course at some fancy college.”
“So, what. We gotta hold hands for a few weeks?” He had a thought and immediately panicked. He almost didn’t ask, but ignorance would not last long no matter how far he ran from it, so he manned up and asked. “Uh, we don’t have to have, like, angel sex, do we?” Funny that, even though his usual no homo reaction would be to retreat, this time he felt the need to cling on, so he put his hand back down, this time on top of Cas’s, which had fallen to his chair arm when Dean initially pulled back.
“I’m having a party!” She laughed. Castiel smiled the best he could, but he could feel it didn’t reach his eyes. Charlie seemed to notice it as well, and she stopped laughing. “What’s wrong?”
The next day they visited the ICU of another hospital, two and a half hours from where they were the day before. The saw kids with tubes going in and out of their bodies, hooked up to machines that kept them alive. At lunch, Balthazar sat beside Castiel at the diner they were in.
But how? He had no idea where he was, what year it was, or even if Dean knew who he was. He was the son of the bookkeeper; Dean was the eldest Winchester son, the one who would eventually inherit the mansion from his father. The chances were Dean had never noticed him. Castiel used to run errands for his father. He roamed around the mansion, trying to be as unseen as possible, watching Dean as he went. Dean was perfect. He was tall, had light brown hair, broad shoulders, freckles, lush lips and a warm smile. He was kind and caring (the way he took care of his younger brother when their father, the all mighty Mr. John Winchester, was absent - which was almost always - was admirable). And he was, by far, so out of Castiel's league. That was why he tried to remain unseen then, and that was why he wasn't sure Dean even knew he was alive (was he alive? He was pretty sure he wasn't alive anymore, what with the flying and going through nets and all).
“Cas, look at me.” Dean’s voice sounded desperate, and Castiel knew he won’t deny him that, never. “I love you.” It felt like he was pleading. “No matter what will happen now or afterwards, I'll still love you."
“I’ll try to remember that the next time I’ll almost gag when I’ll stand next to him.” Castiel wasn’t thrilled about this, but maybe having a good teacher was worth sacrificing his sense of smell.
"You know you don’t have to do anything you don’t want to, right? You can go back to your room, stay where you are and keep me company, or join me under the water. It’s your choice. Whatever you want to do, I’ll be okay with."
Novak asked him if he was ok before it all started, but it was more daring than caring. He did answer that he was fine, though. He let Novak kiss him and enjoyed it. Apparently Novak knows what to do with his mouth. Technically, he could have told him to stop anytime he wanted, that was part of the rules. But something about Novak’s touch was intoxicating. He wanted to know if he could really make him cum without touching his dick.
Castiel had never felt happier. He turned his head to wave his friend goodbye, just in time to see Charlie and Jo jump and squeal, and Ash laughing while Benny and Victor gave a very-pleased-with-herself Meg money.
When Novak asked for the lube, Dean got a little nervous, but a part of him was curious to know how it felt when someone else touched his ass. He tried to touch himself there a couple of times and it was very pleasant. He didn’t shove his fingers, but it was more for the lack of courage to buy lube than the fear or disgust from the act itself. He read enough on the internet to know it’s supposed to feel good. His curiosity was what made him decide to go on with it.
Trying to match Dean’s attempt at nonchalant, Castiel withdrew his hands from his hair, saying "Fine. If you think it’s the best way."
In his rush, he got there before Dean, but didn’t have long to wait before he saw Dean coming down the hall, followed by two other guys Castiel didn’t know. When Dean spotted Castiel, he smiled bright enough to rival the sun.
The third day was as hard as he imagined, seeing all the hardship the kids at the rehab center had to go through to regain movement and independence. Balthazar didn’t sit with him at lunch that day, but he did come to him and asked him to tell Ms. Mills that he will not come to dinner at the motel cafeteria that evening.
Castiel closed the door and looked at his cell phone. He had one missed call from Meg. He looked at the time, it was half past six. They had some time before dinner.
“No dude, check this out!” He peeled half of the bandage off to reveal a blue banana pin with cone closures. It looked good on him. It made him look even more badass than what he usually looked like.
“There’s nothing to apologize for.” He saw Dean stop playing with his pants and heard him take a breath. “I just want to understand what happened.”
She didn’t mention Balthazar or that lunch again that day, but every now and then he caught her looking at him with a weird smile.
“Cas! You almost gave me a heart attack! Sure, have a seat. Where’s Anna? You told me you’re both participating.”
He sat on the couch, took one of the portfolios, and started flipping the pages. Dean and Balthazar sat on either side of him, sandwiching him while they looked through the pictures.
“For what?” It wasn't easy for him, but he looked up from his shoes to look at Dean. Dean wasn’t looking at him though. His head was cast down and he fiddled with his fingers.
Castiel stopped breathing for who knows how many times already. Dean loved him. And he said it so freely and openly. Like it was a given thing. Like it didn’t change anything.
“I’m sorry…” Castiel said behind the mug, eyes looking on Dean’s hands as they worried the hem of his pants.
Dean put his hand facing up on Castiel's knee and gave him what he could only describe as a hopeful smile.
“You’re right, nothing will ever happen between you two - not with that attitude!” Meg chided. “Oh shit!” Meg glanced at her phone. “If we don’t leave now, we’ll be late for class. Cas, this talk isn’t over yet. We’re continuing this later. Jo, let's go!”
Dean became one of the most important people in Castiel’s life. As time pest, he was proven time and time again how smart and funny Dean was. He always made sure Castiel was doing okay and invited him everywhere he went. He became a regular guest at Dean’s home. It was a rare to see them apart at lunch, and usually, if you saw one of them at a public event, the other was there as well.
“Yeah, I hear you.” Dean leaned on his left side, still on Castiel’s body. The movement caused their hard cocks to lose contact. Before he had the chance to whine about it, Dean got his right hand between them, gripped both of their cocks together, and started slowly jerking them off.
It took Dean another minute or so to cum as well. He cursed through gritted teeth as he spilled on Castiel’s belly, adding more to the mess. After a few seconds, Dean flopped on the bed and lay on his back next to Castiel.
“See, I told you he’ll be alright if we just ask him directly!” Meg hit Jo back on the shoulder and looked mildly offended. “She wanted to give you a speech first about how we think being gay is great and how you can feel safe to tell us about who you like. I told her that you don’t give a shit about our feelings about you and your sexual orientation and that you just don’t broadcast it to the whole world because it’s just none of their business.”
He felt Dean holding his right elbow and directing him to lift his hand. Soapy hands went from the side of his body up to his armpit. Castiel braced himself for the tickling sensation, but it never came. From his armpit, Dean used both his hands to cover his arm with soap. When he got to Castiel’s palm, he laced their fingers together, like he was holding his hand, and made sure every finger was clean. Castiel wanted nothing more but to close his fingers and really hold Dean’s hand, but by the time he made up his mind, Dean let go and went to his left arm to repeat the process.
Was he really asking what Castiel thought he was asking? Was he asking him if he wanted to come as his boyfriend? It didn’t really matter. Even if he didn’t, and only wanted him to come to celebrate with them, the answer would always be the same.
“Hey Ash,” Dean called the boy’s attention, “Where did you get your suspenders? I love that they’re rainbow colored.”
He finished his sandwich in two bites and walked back to his room. He dug some clean clothes from the pile on his bed and got dressed. He still had to put the shelves and clothes back in his closet, put the books back in the bookcase, push his bed to its new place, and clear the picture frames and nails from it. It was only around 16:00 so he figured he would have time to finish up after the barbeque. He put on his shoes, took his phone and keys, closed the door to his room, told his mom he’s going to Ash’s, and left.
boring." She flopped to the ground next to him, taking out her phone and texting. Castiel raised his eyebrow and gave her a quizzical look. Meg usually didn’t text, something about not wanting to waste energy on other people. "I’m letting Jo know where we are. I had a feeling you'd be here. Jo though you’d be in the library. I won."
Dean huffed a bitter laugh. “One, we need to find and burn every copy of those damn books. And two, definitely some, as you call it, gay panic, but it’s not only that.”
Cas shakes his head. “No, much like hair and eye color in humans, angel wings manifest differently for each angel, though mine have changed a bit over time, such as when I became a seraph.”
, and Cas was worth so much risk. He’d dive into the unknown for his angel, he realized. And while he’d always known that in a life-or-death sense, he realized the same could be said for love and the future of their relationship. And there it was, the breakthrough: Cas was worth the risk. He was worth everything. Even if things eventually went south, he would have had at least a moment of pure happiness with the person he loved.
Dean signed off and looked at his phone, where he could see his timer had gone off without him noticing. That explained Cas’s presence. He waved his angel over. Cas walked up to him, touching his hand to Dean’s bare arm, and Dean felt the immediate relief of the connection. The ill effects built up slowly enough, and he’d been distracted enough by the phone call that he hadn’t really noticed the nausea and shakiness. And he could feel where a headache was starting to build, now that he thought about it. All of that went away after they touched, though. He hadn’t realized how many thoughtless touches they must’ve had throughout the day, because this was the first time he’d felt the nausea since the night before.
Dean’s mouth gapes like a fish, and his face feels like a furnace. One, holy shit, did he just accidentally out himself to his baby brother? And two, Sammy already
“I know, right? We’ve got a full gym too.” He grinned at her. “Wanna play?” At her wide-eyed nod, he walked over to the locked cupboard that served as their armory. “You can either go get your gun, or just use one of ours. We’ve got quite the selection, so I’m sure we have something to suit you.”
“My vessel does not produce adrenaline like a human’s would,” says Cas, and continues when he sees Dean with his mouth open to protest, “but I understand what you mean. We are men of action.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Whatever. So. Since then, it’s been this weird thing of us getting physically closer and not talking about it. And it’s great, and I love how comfortable it is, but at the same time, it’s killing me. I am literally dying over here, Charlie. The other day,
Usually, he was a get-up-and-go type of guy. Not so much because he was a morning person but rather to psyche himself up for another day of living. But this morning, he was content to chill on the bed next to his friend and talk about things. He sat up and waited for Cas’s answer.
Cas jerked, then sat back on his feet before standing and giving Dean a hand up. “No problem. I was just winning again.”
“Well, that’s one announcement done,” Dean said. “Time to divide and conquer. I think the kids are both in the library. You ready?” He glanced at Cas, who nodded. “Okay. Good talk, Sam. Thanks for listening.”
Dean’s face heats again. What does that even mean? Is it just a family familiarity thing? Or does he specifically like the way Dean smells? And if it’s the latter, is that just a personal preference for certain scents, or is there a specific reason Cas likes Dean’s scent in particular? Dean has no clue what to do with that, so he ignores it, kicking Sammy’s chair when he gets that maddeningly sly little brother expression on his face.
happening. Sammy’d got it wrong. This was just a misunderstanding. Cas would arrive, read the ritual, and laugh at Sam’s basic understanding of Enochian. He’d explain that, at most, the binding wasn’t temporary, but still, at least the ritual had absolutely nothing to do with angel marriage. In fact, angel best friends did it all the time (did angels have best friends? They seemed an unfriendly bunch, not likely to make BFFs, but what did Dean know, maybe they got together, braided each other’s hair, and dished about their latest smiting). No biggie.
“Where’d you learn to do that?” He leaned against the counter and crossed his arms to watch. Not because he didn’t trust Cast to do it right—the angel always did things perfectly after the first try, and he seemed to know what he was doing, so this wasn’t his first time—but just to enjoy watching him do something so human and ordinary.
just think that about his best friend, angel married or not. Fuck, it was only day two of forever. He really hoped they weren’t stuck living in each other’s pockets for two whole years. He was pulling for two months, but wasn’t betting on it.
And the thought pisses Sam off. Why can’t they ever get a break? They’d never asked for any of this. And even though they wouldn’t even know Cas without getting involved in the (first) apocalypse, he’s still annoyed that the big players can’t seem to kick up a fuss without dragging the Winchester family into it. He longs for those days when all they had to worry about was the latest ghost or harvest god. And he’d thought they were maybe getting back to that, but with Cas acting strange … that’s unlikely.
“What? How?” Had he always been so easy to read? He’d thought he’d done pretty good keeping things to himself.
“You always hit the wall. Now get up so we can release Cas.” Sam kicked Dean’s foot but didn’t bother to help him up. Bitch.
He ignores the little thrill that goes through him from Dean showing concern and care for him. It’s just a friendly thing to do. Right?
She shrugged, almost managing to pull off remorseful. “You couldn’t wait just two more weeks? I could’ve won big!”
“Yeah,” Sam nods in agreement, “I think you’re right. I’ll start researching angel lore after we get back to the bunker. Until then, I guess we just keep an eye on him?”
“Want some?” He hated to offer up the last of the food when he was so hungry, but it was Cas. Luckily, Cas shook his head, so Dean dove back in. Damn, that hit the spot. Just the right mix of meat, beans, and tomatoes, topped off with the best spice mix he’d ever tasted. Even the apple was decent, though it’d be better as pie. He wondered if he could try his hand at baking. Lebanon didn’t exactly have a great food selection, as tiny as it was.
Dean remembered that hunt. A rugaru in Utah. They’d had a question on lore, and Bobby wasn’t answering, so Dean had decided to pray to Cas, asking for help. When he showed up and answered their questions, he’d had this puppy dog look on his face, and Dean had spontaneously asked if he wanted to join them. They’d been hunting together off and on ever since, and Dean had never been happier. Not only was it easier with an angel on hand, but it was just plain
“Just lucky, I guess.” Dean extended his arm. Still a little clicky but mostly healed already. He’d live to see another day. “How far to her house?”
He narrowed his eyes at her. “I’d tell you to watch your language, but I know that’d only make you worse.” He turned back to the gun cupboard. “So, guns. Since you’re a beginner, we’ll start you on this one. Low kickback, good grip. The magazines are small, but that doesn’t matter when you’re not fighting a monster.”
After they realized she wasn’t going to say more, they devolved into their usual mealtime talk when the three of them were at home. They talked about possible cases, hunter chatter (and Dean suspected Claire had been using an alias, since she was on none of their radars before she showed up literally on their doorstep an hour before), and Bobby’s plans to come visit to show Sam a knife he’d recently found and needed to do research on. Then they decided what movie to watch after dinner, while Claire watched on in stunned silence.
Fair enough, but the whine brings up another point of recent weirdness. Cas has become extra clingy. He sits at the table during meals, even though he doesn’t eat. He just watches Dean and Sam, sometimes holding a cup of coffee. He gets bored during the day and follows Dean around the bunker. He hovers at the door to whichever storeroom Dean is currently cleaning out, but only rarely offers to help. It’s
, including lots of fighting over votes, and then a few episodes of some true crime show Sam was obsessed with.
“How did you hear that?” It should’ve only been a few trusted hunters who knew their actual location.
“Not this time … Anyway, grab a plate, Sammy. It’s time for pancakes and Saturday morning cartoons.”
fucker and Dean is not good at backing down from a fight, but it’s not like it was the first couple of weeks, when they sniped at each other constantly.
Dean could already imagine her geeking out over all the vintage equipment. He wouldn’t see her or Sam for days. “If you want,” he said. “And I mean that.
Cas sat up and shook his head. It had to be weird to wake up from sleep for an angel, since angels didn’t sleep. Dean squeezed his hand and reluctantly let go, though he leaned just a bit so their shoulders touched. Even though it wasn’t skin-to-skin contact, it felt better than being completely separated. Cas hummed softly, and Dean knew he was having the same thought.
The so-called skull-and-crossbones bread was in fact composed of small sweet buns on which Dean had chocolate-painted skulls.
He felt a twinge of sorrow. This kiss would be unique, he knew it… He’d just hoped for more… as always… in vain...
Sam watched him close the door of this room in this routine that had become too familiar. He sighs in front of all this mess, these years of headlong rushes and denial ... These two beings who loved each other but who like two opposing magnets had ended up moving away and getting lost.
« That’s because you suck at doing your job properly... When I fix a car, it doesn’t show up again the week after. »
His expression was more a scowl than a smile....that lousy catchphrase ! He stepped aside to let her in.
« Dean Winchester, you’re a certified imbecile! » she said, brushing a lock of hair, as she used to do.
Dean was waiting in the parking lot with Chadwick ... Obviously they were in a genuine father-and-son conversation.
People flocked around the game ... The sweat on Dean’s forehead, because of the spot lights and his irritation, had turned the whole scene into an even more hilarious situation ...
« So what ? They’ll learn » Balty smiled a mischievous smile, persuaded Dean had just found an excuse for his untimely arrival.
He took a deep breath and tried to swallow the lump in his throat, the one he had felt since that blasted phone call.
"I am ... here ... as promised ... It's the birthday of ... my kid," John babbles. "And I'm not ... drunk. ", staggering forward.
" I’d like to be able to come to you and love you " the latter answered, suddenly feeling uncomfortable.
The man was not far from 6’5“ and his slender silhouette made him look even bigger, which made Dean suddenly feel… very small.
A white frame and right in the center of it… two color spots… a red and a black one… which seemed to have been litterally splashed on the canvas.
Yet, when Dean reached the point of no return, he stopped moving, leaving Kate in a state of frustration and grumbling against his lips.
« I wanted to refuse the obvious, I’m sorry Kate » he leaned over the sink, turned on the tap and washed his hands.
She used her apron and, with application, she spread out butter on his nose, trying to get rid of the flour.
He was as little talkative during the ride home and the kids didn’t ask any question about Castiel for the rest of the day.
She taught him to scout the pumpkin and turn it into the decorative element which was essential to a proper celebration.
He surprisingly had ended up with his hand on his crotch and hadn’t found it so repulsive as he thought it would feel. All he could remember was the love and desire on his lover’s face, and most of all the tears... He had felt the pleasure of giving pleasure to the other.
Dean closed his eyes, trying to contain the anger within and swallow the lump in his throat. He was losing her… irreparably.
« I guess it has something to do with that surprise he talked about » Dean replied, pouring himself a mug of coffee.
A heavy silence grew for a while. Jewel didn’t dare to leave the table and sat there with her hands on her lap. Chadwick was staring at his father who hadn’t moved an inch, resembling a frozen statue.
« Call it habit… hope… Besides, I… I was... » He looked at the sky as it was too hard for him to say the words. « It was physical… As soon as he was touching me, I... » he looked down, feeling almost ashamed to confess his weakness. « I wish he’d loved me »
He felt like a punch in his chest and almost gasped for breath, feeling a sharp pain down deep inside. He rested his head on the doorframe, stuck between the kitchen where Jewel was waiting for him and this bloody living room.
They all kissed each other and wished each other all the best... Bobby fetched a bottle of cider so that the children could celebrate with them. Dean didn’t join them, he had had enough of Champaign and red wine already.
Dean watched them with tenderness… Choices of life… He smiled briefly and turned to Jo who had joined him.
« Dean !» Castiel dropped his boot, amazed by Dean’s reaction. « I take it that you like my surprise !» he said, patting his back.
"Can we know what kind of a lame idea you two are referring to? " Dean got angry, still staring at the direction Castiel has taken.
Dean already had a job and Jo came to live with him for two years: then she found a job of her own as a waitress and met her first love, Ash.
Castiel heard the panicked cry, turned his head to look around and lost control over his own sled, sliding on its side.
He sees the disappointment in his little brother's eyes. The hero just lost his pretty red cape, but Dean doesn't give a damn. John just lost his.
They entered the ground floor main room ; it was quite impressive and the ceiling was almost at roof level.
« Talk to the hand… 2 shots of whiskey, straight, please » she ordered before the barman even had a chance to talk.
« Obviously. But in the meantime, they remind me of … » he stopped in the middle of his sentence and looked down.
This kid who defied his own kind out of love for his son. That kid who was there when he, John, wasn't.
Castiel started to peel the apples and cut them in thin slices. It took him quite a while to get to the end of it… he missed several pits and bits of peel here and here.
« My dad had a boxer named Ronin. One day, the dog bit him in the ass. Dean has been scared to death of dogs ever since.»
« Don’t call me like that anymore » Castiel said, staring at a picture of a naked woman view from the back.
« I’ll only be away for two weeks. Besides, you’re gonna spend Christmas Eve at Uncle Bobby’s. It’s gonna be great, right? Furthermore, Jo will be there this time...»
« I like this » Dean whispered. « I like being with him but I feel like… » Dean leaned on the counter, obviously lost. « You’re the only one I can talk to about this. I’m so sorry to bother you with my feelings, but I don’t wanna lose him, you know....» he squeezed the counter border. « I never thought it would screw my head after the first step… but I realize that… that I’m gonna have to … If only I could refrain from overthinking all the time » he violently hit the counter with both hands.
« No... Even if I wouldn’t turn up my nose at him. He has such as gorgeous ass and the face of an angel»
" Because this is none of your business " Dean finally uttered in a neutral tone, looking daggers at his son. " And from now on, I’d appreciate you speak to me in a different tone, young man... I don’t wanna hear another word till the end of breakfast or I’ll get mad for good " he said, hitting the table with the palm of his hand, which made the cups and cutlery jingle all at once.
He felt a strange sensation of distance and closeness… Like she was still there yet no longer occupying the space with him.
Dean smiled when he left the house, making sure his son had taken his mobile. As for the rest, with Apache by his side, he wouldn’t risk anything.
« So, I’m ready to hear those lamentations » she raised the other hand under her chin and stared at Castiel who kept his hands under the table and his eyes down.
" What an oaf ! " Castiel let out a heavy sigh and grabbed his own sled, followed by Chadwick and the dog, happily chasing each other.
« Mister Dean might have several broken bones, but all he cares about is winning that damn challenge » Castiel grumbled, putting his hat back on his head.
Sitting on the floor, leaning against Castiel and their father’s legs. The men were sitting next to each other, shoulder to shoulder, sometimes their hands would touch, but their fingers didn’t interlace.
For the kids, it sounded like something beyond comprehension... In their eyes, Castiel was their friend, their everyday companion, a true member of the family ; the assault had shocked them more than they could tell because they didn’t understand why being Balty’s lover was a bad thing... They didn’t understand why loving a man could be bad, all in all… They had witnessed this relation for years and they had always found it normal...
Despite the pain from the loss, they had succeeded in overcoming their sadness and even if sometimes Chadwick buried in tears in his pillow just like his father did, or Jewel asked questions about Paradise and her mommy in the sky, they were happy.
« I beg you, My Love, wherever you are… please protect him from up there… We can’t live without him… I… I couldn’t, Tessa »
The lesson ended. Jewel didn’t say another word and refused to answer her friends’ questions, they were all so excited to perform in front of their families.
« Rest assured this pleases me as much as it pleases you. You’re the family I never had. They’re the kids I’ve never had. Through you all, I exist»
« I’m pretty sure he generously compensates in other areas » she said with a knowing smile, looking at Dean who blushed.
« Consider yourself lucky to have to share me with him and only him. Don’t you see what you’ve done to me, Cowboy? »
« Why should I leave it ? There’s only one slice left. Would be a crime » he said as he grabbed a fork abandoned on the table.
He raised himself on his elbows and watched him... He knew he’d live the rest of his life with him, he felt this deep in his gut and his gut had never failed him... He pushed a strand of hair away from Castiel’s eyes. Castiel awakened and stared at him.
This time, Castiel did notice when Dean stopped touching him and stood up from his crouching position. The view of his shoulders changed to the view of his very close face. It was so close he could count Dean’s eyelashes if he was not otherwise occupied with staring into his eyes. After a minute of staring Dean broke the silence, but not the stare. “I didn’t clean your back yet.”
Now it was like he was hugged by Dean, even though it was just his smell. He tried to relax and fall asleep, but he was too self-conscious to do so. What if he snored? He used to when he was little, but had a surgery to fix it when he was eight. But it could still happen. What if he kicked Dean in the middle of the night? That would be horrible. He didn’t want to hurt him.
He sat next to Dean on the bed, and they spent the time until dinner watching You-Tube videos and kissing.
He didn’t want to talk about it with anyone. It felt stupid to feel it in the first place. He had no reason to be in so much emotional pain. He had friends, he was a good student, Dean was no longer with Lisa or anyone else, he and Balthazar were getting closer and closer to each other, he was supposed to be fine.
It was too much. He didn’t deserve that. He was a depressed freak who hated his body and sometimes even his own existence.
“Is everything alright? You look pale. Are you not feeling well? Is that why you are back so early”?
A few minutes after he left, Dean came back with a mug in one hand, a plate of cookies in the other, and an aroma of honey, ginger, and cinnamon around him. He gave Castiel the mug of tea, put the plate next to him, and set on the floor facing him.
He just got back from a difficult trip and was tired, why would someone come to see him now? And without calling first?
When they got to the teacher’s room, Anna took a chair and beelined to the far corner of the room. Castiel looked around and found Meg sitting alone in one of the rows, doing something on her phone and not looking around. He approached her.
"I’ll take that in mind if I ever try reading it.” Meg said with a laugh. “You know I like the Stephen King kind of books better."
Balthazar. I’m gay, and I do happen to think Balthazar is stunning. But I was definitely gay before knowing he existed.”
“Hey Mom, Hey Dad, I thought you’d be asleep by now.” Dean entered the living room to hug his parents.
It was not easy for Castiel. It was not easy for anybody. The first day was spent mostly on riding the bus to the first hospital five hours away. They told them it will be the easiest cases of just broken bones. It was still hard. In the evening of the first day, they had a group conversation and then went to sleep early.
“You know what your problem is, Dean? You have no faith.” Castiel knew that this remark could start a mock banter between then, but he didn't have the energy for that, so he added quickly: “So are you coming with me or not?”
“I finish school at 14:00 today. I thought about going home to eat lunch and rest a bit, and then take the bus to the parlor, so sometime around 16:00.”
Then he peered further down. There it was — Dean’s cock. It was hard, standing up and dripping water from the shower. It had a nice dark pink tone, the same color as Dean’s nipples, which Castiel saw plenty of times. It was on the bigger side of average, a bit thicker and longer. Not small but also not intimidating. It was perfect in Castiel’s opinion.
Nevertheless, Castiel helped her with the task at hand. After about an hour the lists were complete. They both had the same number of pros according to Meg, and Benny had more cons than Dean, but not by much. The thing that was the most important was the last con on Dean’s list. It said: “He is not Benny”.
Dean worked his hands from his upper back to his lower back, kipping his movements firm and confident. Then he started moving lower, and Castiel could feel his body tense with anticipation. When Dean’s fingers touched the upper part of his butt cheeks, his movements seemed to be less sure. Castiel hummed and burrowed his face further into Dean’s shoulder. That seemed to make Dean sure of himself again, because the next thing he knew, Dean groped both his butt cheeks and started kneading them.
Castiel thought about Dean’s offer. There was no real reason for him not to take him up on it. Really, Castiel was happy that Dean wanted to help and opened his room and bed to him.
The question of ‘How can Dean form a coherent sentence in this situation?’ was cut from his mind as Dean adjusted his position on him slightly to the right. That made his hand move in a different angle. The new angle put pressure on the right spot for Castiel, and white-hot pleasure coursed from the tips of his head and tows, through his belly, and out of his dick in thick ropes of cum.
Castiel stopped abruptly, turned on his heels, and walked to the bathrooms as fast as he could. He wanted to run, but it was too crowded for that. He passed next his friend but didn’t stop when they gestured for him to come. His eyes filled with tears and he almost crashed into someone that exited the bathroom because it obscured his vision.
After a month of talking, Mrs. Hanscum raised her suspicion that Castiel may be suffering from clinical depression, and that he should see a doctor to see if she’s correct. Dean went with him to see the doctor she recommended, and he advised him to start taking antidepressant pills for a while to see if it’ll help. A day after that, again with Dean by his side, he bought the antidepressants that were prescribed to him and took the first dose.
“Will it make you feel better if I told you, I don’t know what’s going on with anything right now?” It was good to say it out loud.
“How much will it hurt?” He knew it was a stupid question, but he had to ask it. He had to find a way to calm himself so he could go through with it and have his tongue pierced like he wanted.
“I hear nothing but the sounds of recess. Nothing else. My head is silent, my mind is silent, my soul is silent. The pain is not there.”
After that? I guess we’ll see what the music is like. We can dance together if you want to or we can dance next to each other or not at all, like we always do, okay?”
She opened the notebook and drew a table with two columns. At the head of one she wrote “Benny”, and at the head of the other she wrote “Dean”. Castiel looked at her curiously.
This situation amused Castiel to no end. They may look scary, wearing black and listening to rock and heavy metal, but they were actually nerds. Sure, Dean had an altercation with their English Lit teacher that ended with Dean flipping over his table and storming out the door. He switched to a different English Lit class after that. But they were all A students, and they all liked going to school, not just because they could meet each other every day.
After getting dressed, Castiel went to the bathroom to retrieve his shoes. When he got back, Dean was sitting on the bed, looking serious. He set next to him on the bed and silently started to put his shoes on.
The pain on Dean’s face was so vivid it broke Castiel’s heart a little. He casted his eyes down, knowing he was the cause of it.
“Thank you for reminding me why I don’t like you. For a minute there I thought you were a half decent guy.” From the look on Dean’s face, Castiel couldn't be sure if he was kidding or if he was really offended.
Castiel started walking their direction, not leaving his eyes from them in case they would move, and he would lose them. He was a few steps away from them when it happened. Dean moved his head from her ear and looked at her face. She gave him a quick nod, and then he was kissing her.
"I knew I liked you for a reason! You looked like one of the good guys. I’m glad I got the courage to talk to you." Looking at the time on his phone, he added, "I need to get going now if I want to get home before my brother. I’ll see you tomorrow! Don’t forget to text me your schedule!"
After a minute or so Castiel decided to go for it. If it is a joke, he can just laugh at himself and go back to his room. If Dean really wanted him to help him shower, he can do that, right?
Summer breaks were hard on Castiel. He had no place to run to without any excuse every day like he had on school days. Today was very difficult. His parents fought and yelled at each other for an hour straight. He hated when his parents fought. He felt like the walls for the apartment kept ringing with the echoes of them yelling, even hours later.
here. And since I got here yesterday, I haven’t seen you two apart for longer than ten minutes.” She raised a sly eyebrow. “Is there something you want to tell me? You did promise to dish on ‘it’s complicated’ when we talked on the phone. So, what’s up?”
At that moment a loud noise of someone turning on a microphone blasted through the speakers, and the room fell quiet. The principal of their high school, Mr. Shurley wanted to start the ceremony. The ceremony had two parts. The first part had all the speeches: The principal’s, the head of the PTA’s, the head of the student body's, and the honorary students. The second part had all the graduating students walk on stage and get their diploma. That part came after a short intermission, in which the students had time to get behind the stage and get in line.
