Waggling her eyebrows once more, Jessica teased, “Like an attraction to a certain green-eyed Winchester?”
“If you have any questions at all, feel free to call us. We’ll gladly answer your questions,” Jimmy assured, sounding just as cautious and determined to convince Sam that they’re worthy of his older brother as Cas.
Jimmy smiled brightly and flicked his eyes down to Dean’s lips to see they were parted in a soft smile of his own. And that was all Jimmy needed to lean in and close the distance between their mouths and kiss Dean. He started slow, merely probing lips brushing against Dean’s softly while his hands slowly traveled up his arms, his fingers tracing lines on his skin. But when the blonde let out a shaking breath against his lips, Jimmy gripped Dean by his biceps and pulled him in to devour him in a hot and messy kiss. Their tongues wrestled with each other until Dean let his be subsided by Jimmy’s and he had full access to Dean’s wonderful mouth. He slid in and took everything he needed from Dean which made the green-eyed moan into the kiss and it got so rough, that their teeth clicked together as Jimmy dove in deeper. Dean had his hand buried in Jimmy’s hair, the other pressing Jimmy’s body against his own at the small of his back.
And as if Dean could read his mind, he stepped away from Cas as the first refrain was over and walked over to Jimmy. His hips continued to swing to the song and he gave them a little, sexy dance before coming to stand in front of Jimmy and thrusting his pelvis into his face as the second refrain began. His clothed cock was obviously hard now, the lace stretched thin over it, and Jimmy reveled the sight of it so close to his face, wanting so much to just mouth the bulge of his erection.
“How long have you been touching yourself without our allowance?” Cas asked, massaging his cheek with the tress.
Lifting his head to look at his boyfriend, Dean watched him take his position at the end of the bed, gripping Dean’s thighs to carefully pull him against himself, sliding him down on the mattress, so his ass reached his crotch. While he adjusted the pillow underneath Dean, Cas shifted behind him so that his head could still rest comfortably in his lap but he planted his feet next to Dean to angle his legs, giving Dean something to hold on to as Jimmy lined himself up with his rim and pressed the blunt head of his cock against his prepped hole, waiting for him to give a sign to go on.
Dean turned around again, enjoying the view and watching in awe as the waves broke on the beach. The water seemed to be a deep blue and he wanted so badly to just jump head over heels into it but he knew it was too cold for that. Sticking his feet into it would have to do.
“Yeah,” Cas agreed, bringing the ends of the rope to the back once more and pulling on them to spread Dean’s cheeks apart, then tying a half hitch knot with each end to the lines forming the crotch rope in the back, that was now almost a full diamond. “I remember the first few times I went to the store to buy rope… I was so excited and all that I could think about was that this rope would be tied around a person or used for pleasure and the guy at the register ringing up my selections had no idea. I was a grown man buying rope at a Home Depot after all…”
Leaning in to nibble at his earlobe, Jimmy asked, “What’s the dirtiest thing you fantasize about?” successfully catching him off-guard. When Dean leaned back to look at him curiously, there was a smirk playing with Jimmy’s lips and he truly wanted to kiss them again, but as he leaned in to do exactly that, Jimmy placed a hand on his chest and shook his head, “Tell me first.”
“I was getting into fights a few times and would come back with a black eye or a split lip, which would alert him, you know? But I’ve always been like that and whenever Sam asked about it, I would just wave him off ‘cause I didn’t really wanna talk about it. I started to prefer not to talk a lot more back then and I guess I knew that I was slowly changing and I remember that it used to make me furious and sad to know that Sammy didn’t have his old brother anymore – the one that he needed. I wanted to be his big and strong and fun brother like I was before…
Dean fumbled with the keycard, swiping it across the lock several times, then flipping it once he realized the door wouldn’t open while Jimmy dragged his hot lips across his nape almost impatiently. As soon as the lock made a clicking noise, a green light indicating that it was now unlocked, and the door opened a slight gap, Castiel made a noise of contentment and pushed Dean inside the hotel room, grabbing him by his bicep to turn him around and backing him up until his back hit the wall. The door slammed shut behind Jimmy bringing in their bags and Dean only had a second to watch his boyfriend walk towards them before his view was obscured by a mop of dark locks as Cas pressed his mouth against Dean’s hungrily.
– came again. Tears leaked from his eyes for a totally different reason now as pleasure mounted and crested again and again.
There was a short pause, then, “Say it again, louder.” He opened his mouth and was about to repeat the word, when Cas grasped his chin and said, “And please look at me while doing so.”
For a brief moment, he felt a dark thrill of possessiveness and pleasure when he looked at his boyfriend’s sloppy, used, and open entrance. Milky liquid poured out of it and down the back of his thighs and Cas shuddered as the sight sent a new wave of desire through him. Dean’s hole was a little too red and over-stretched after so many rounds of truly vigorous sex and though part of him knew they should have been gentler, the dominant part of him reveled in how wrecked and ravished the stunning submissive was and loved seeing the bruises on his neck from his teeth or the ones from his hands on his hips.
“Well…” Dean started, seemingly searching for the right words. “After we visited your friends at that club to talk about dropping, I kinda have the feeling that Jimmy’s genuinely interested in public scenes…” He looked at Jimmy with questioning eyes as if wanting to assure himself that he was right and grinned suggestively once Jimmy gave a tentative nod. “And I know we’ve never truly talked about it, just mentioned it a few times, but I think I’m ready.”
“If you decide that this is too much, we could do it differently next time. There are a lot of different ways you can play around with the rope to spread the cheeks apart and try out how it feels for the crotch to be exposed,” Cas said softly, his eyes fixated on where Dean’s long fingers were gliding along the rope. “There are also different types of hip harnesses with different functions.”
He loved the weight of it around his neck, always knowing that he was marked as theirs and that people would know. It gave him a confidence boost, so he saw no reason as to why he shouldn’t wear it all the time.
He had never wanted to eat someone out, never even thought about it, but right now, the urge to do just that was all-consuming and when Dean let out a sound that was close to a whimper, he was barely even hanging on by a thread to keep his hands off. His cock was so hard, it hurt and there was pre-cum dampening his underwear.
Castiel only stared, unblinking, as his fingertips danced along the edge of his jaw. “You’re a very beautiful man, Dean. Has anyone ever told you that?”
Placing a hand on Jimmy’s shoulder, Jessica said, “Hey, it’s a lovely story, we know you didn’t mean to offend. It’s quite the opposite, you know, ‘cause now we get to tell all our friends that Dean has been mistaken for a prostitute and Sam here almost choked on his own spit at hearing it!” She laughed again, wheezing, “It’s hilarious! Really.”
“Because you’re my greatest possession, Dean. And there’s nothing and no one that I possess and protect more than you. Of course, Jimmy’s just as important to me, but in another way, you know?” He looked at Jimmy to see his reaction and smiled softly when he got an agreeing nod in return.
“He told me about last night,” Sam wanted to start asking questions about what happened or what this guy did to his brother, but was cut off as Jessica continued, “Cas didn’t do anything. Dean said they didn’t even go further than what we’ve already seen at the party because they only lay together and talked.”
After a while, though, Castiel couldn’t keep from reaching out a hand and caressing his cheek slightly, smiling down on him with fond and loving eyes. Jimmy was spooning Dean and one arm was wrapped around his middle, his hand resting on their boyfriend’s chest. They were all still fully clothed since they merely wanted to take a nap, so Cas wasn’t able to make sure if the rest of Dean’s body looked fine. He hoped that it did, just as much as he hoped that the bruise around his neck would fade soon and that it didn’t hurt. Even if Dean had told them that it didn’t, they couldn’t be sure. His voice had always been a bit rough and the word ‘fine’ was not to take seriously when it was said by Dean.
was the one concentrating on not touching him in return. Then, with a playful grin, Dean rolled his hips down just enough to graze against him, making Jimmy groan with the too much and far too less stimulation at once, before lifting up a little and wiggling his hips teasingly.
Now, they were waiting at exactly that location to pick up their boyfriend since Dean had sent them a text saying that he was about 15 minutes away, ten minutes ago.
“Oh, did I now? Well, must’ve forgotten that as well as my towel…” He feigned innocence and bit his lip shyly. And that was it, Cas couldn’t take more of this game without going feral and ravishing Dean, so he closed the space between them and backed his boyfriend up against the wall, caging him between his arms and leaning in to slip his tongue into Dean’s mouth. The blonde tasted like coming home, his lips soft, his tongue warm and slick. The kiss was hot and messy and when Cas pressed his crotch against Dean’s, he could feel a certain stiffness forming.
“I adore and treasure you, Dean,” Cas rasped into his ear, making Dean moan as his hands started wandering across his belly again, fingers grazing his pubic area teasingly while starting to place open-mouthed kisses down the back of Dean’s neck. “You’re so giving. You know exactly what we want and you give it to us without wanting anything in return. And for that, I want to worship you because you deserve to feel every ounce of pleasure we know how to give you and so much more.”
Jimmy couldn’t fathom the love he felt for the man and how much this confession had meant to him. He truly meant when he said that Dean was everything to him. And knowing that his – and Castiel’s – feelings were returned was the greatest thing in the world.
Throughout all of it, though, Dean got more fidgety from minute to minute and Sam wondered why. He was constantly looking at Cas or Jimmy before seemingly checking himself, always deep in thought. Apparently, it wasn’t anything bad, though, because Dean was still engaged in the conversation and laughing. Would it really have been anything bad, he would have zoned out on them entirely.
Despite that, Dean was truly baffled that it was even possible for him to get harder and hornier than he’d already been since the restaurant, but he shouldn’t have been so surprised with two sex-enthusiasts like his boyfriends at his side. They sure knew how to get him excited.
With his whole body blanketing Dean and pressing down on him, merely his knees keeping him propped up, Castiel finally started to move. He arched his back and pulled out of his boyfriend, pushing inside with a roll of his entire body, so that his chest slid across Dean’s back every time he pushed inside, only to arch his back and pull back out over and over. During the process, Cas grabbed Dean’s hands where they lay in fists at each side of his face and opened his palms to entwine their fingers, using the hold for leverage as well.
“I know a few things about broken families, too. I’d say cheers to that, but I don’t have a drink…” Jimmy just laughed even though it was a bitter topic. He guessed it was appropriate to do in order to keep the mood up and it seemed like the right thing because Dean grinned and watched his food being delivered as the waitress approached them with the plate in her hand and a smile on her face. She set it down in front of him and Dean thanked her with a wink that almost had Jimmy choking on his coffee.
cry loudly during sex – even more. He was fucking enjoying this, feeling as good as ever even with all the aches and the exhaustion but he was still not able to freaking climax soon enough and he started to feel bad for Cas. Because the man had to keep going – for what, forty minutes? – until Dean finally felt the first few traces of a climax building low in his belly.
Castiel changed the position of his hand so that he ended up palming Dean’s balls somehow, grinning triumphantly when Dean let his head drop forward, his chin hitting his chest, and groaned as quietly as possible. Then Jimmy leaned impossibly close and whispered, “I’d like to fuck you after this at the lake where other people might see,” in an unnervingly steady voice, as if Dean wasn’t clenching every damn muscle in his entire fucking body to keep from outright orgasming at those words and everything else. “Would you like that?”
Dean met Cas’ eyes with glistening ones and it hurt to see him so small. “I wanted to please. I thought… I thought I deserved it, somehow. And I wanted to be good for once, to just fucking please,” his voice almost broke at the end and Castiel’s heart constricted at hearing it
“‘Stay home’ my ass,” Dean muttered underneath his breath, putting the dishes inside the dishwasher from their shared breakfast that Dean had prepared while the two of them took separate showers.
His hole clenched around the silicone while he fucked the toy in and out of his ass and he let out another moan as the filthy squelching sound of it rang through the bedroom, filling the tense and heavy silence. Dean knew without looking that Cas and Jimmy were red-faced and stroking themselves leisurely while watching him from where they sat in front of the bed.
With a peck on Dean’s nape, Castiel slid his hands down all the way until his warm palms encircled his hard cock, pulling on it to coax a groan out of Dean before making him moan loudly by grinding his clothed dick into the crack of Dean’s ass. And Dean got the odd impression that Cas got off on praising him because
When Castiel turned his head to look at Jimmy, he could see that he was just as pissed-off about the things they were hearing as Cas was. And when his gaze fell back on Dean, he saw shock written into his face as well, although he still seemed to try and suppress it.
“Is that how you’re always feeling when you wear rope underneath your clothes in public?” Cas asked carefully, leaning a bit toward him with his upper body, this fond smile still on his lips.
With mentioned belt in hand, Castiel gently guided Dean’s arms behind his own back and the Sub automatically wrapped the fingers of his right hand around his left wrist, as if this hadn’t been the first time he’d been in a situation like this. Then, Cas started to bind the cold leather around his wrists, mindful of his injuries, and asked, “You want to be punished with the belt?”
Quirking his lips up in a smile, Cas teased, “Have you earned it then?” even though he was more than ready to take off the offending piece that shielded those beautiful eyes from his own.
Complying without hesitation, Dean crawled onto the bed and placed down in the middle of it, propped up on his hands and knees as he was told. Castiel paused then, running his hand down Dean's spine and letting the pads of his calloused fingers trace over the slight imperfections of Dean's skin as it was still healing from his session with Michael from a few weeks ago. The tender touch eased the newfound tenseness from Dean’s shoulders and smoothed out the glide of his hips as his back arched to display his gloriously naked ass for Castiel.
“Just discomfort, huh?” Dean asked with a suspicious smile, which turned even wider and more amused when Cas gave him an agreeing nod. “I get it… you want to see me squirm, don’t you?”
By the time he got a break – because the whole place was clean – his hands were shaking with nerves, his worries seeming to get the best of him, and he couldn’t think straight anymore. Everything inside screamed at him that he was bad, that he wasn’t worthy of Dean’s love, that he messed up, and that he lost Dean’s trust. It drove him crazy and he didn’t know what to do or who to ask for help, so he grabbed his phone and texted Jimmy, and when he threw his phone aside and went downstairs to search for other things to clean, he already forgot what he’d even texted.
Doing that was so much different from giving head. Just keeping Dean’s cock inside and warm, doing nothing at all but feel it twitch and stiffen, was something oddly more intimate than going down on his shaft with every blowjob trick he’d ever learned.
He couldn’t wait any longer or he’d lose his mind, so he started a slow pace, thrusting into Dean’s mouth and down his throat with long and exploring strokes until he found the right rhythm. Dean did a hell of a good job hollowing his cheeks and sucking his dick at the right moment while still keeping his throat loose for Jimmy to fuck into and it was undoing him. So much so that he was seconds away from coming only a few minutes later when they were interrupted by someone walking into the restroom all of a sudden.
With the bag in his hand and a soft smile on his lips, Cas turned around and walked back towards Dean and Jimmy, his eyes locked on to their boyfriend. “Close your eyes,” he ordered with a soft voice, placing his hands on Dean’s shoulders to guide him in front of the mirror in their room.
While Jessica looked just as excited as Dean, Jimmy could see that Sam was turning worried eyes at his brother, seeming rather nervous. “Uhh…” Sam rasped, clearing his throat once and lowering his gaze as he muttered, “Yeah. We are. I asked her two days ago but I didn’t want to make it a big topic today ‘cause it’s your birthday…”
It was weird, though, walking to separate homes and being alone there once again. Castiel had already been so used to spending his day with Dean and his twin and he felt quite lonely in his apartment.
After Sam had told Dean that he knew what was going on with him and Michael and that his depressions seemed to come back again, he’d gotten his brother to talk some more about it. Dean hadn’t been at all mad at Jessica for telling Sam those intimate things and had even been open enough to talk about the stuff he liked, his kinks, and what he and Michael have done so far. Although, sometimes, Sam still couldn’t believe that his big and cocky brother liked to submit to half-strangers for sexual gratification or even for the sake of his sanity – because apparently, as Jessica had said, it was more a primal instinct for him to do so than anything else. It just wasn’t how Sam knew him. Dean was almost like a father-figure to Sam, always the caring and loyal brother, protector and fighter. He liked to have a say in everything and he knew how to get what he wanted, always. He was a thick-head just like the rest of the family. Besides, Dean was sarcastic and brash and loud at best, Sam just couldn’t imagine him being dominated and taken away all that made him
But when Cas merely looked back towards the stairs, Jimmy followed his gaze and his frown deepened, although something akin to excitement and surprise at once started to swell inside of him as he stared at the rose petals leading a trail up the stairs.
“We really didn’t. I would have remembered a pretty face like that,” Jimmy grinned when he just looked more confused. Admittedly, it was a bit mean to play with him like that but having a twin could be truly entertaining sometimes.
Her eyes landed on Dean’s silhouette, perched on the edge of the bed as she closed the door almost inaudibly. His elbows were propped on his knees and his face buried in his palms, looking generally hunched in on himself.
And with that, Castiel shifted his angle and drove into Dean in a prolonged thrust, hitting that wonderful spot and making his Sub gasp with the force of it, before pulling out and slamming back inside just as ruthlessly and making Dean shout as his body locked up and he came, feeling his cock being milked by the steady spasms of his lover’s body. The overwhelming motion kept trying to draw him under as he continued to ride Dean through his orgasm and coax every last drop of cum out of him while chasing his own release. When Castiel finally came himself, buried as deep inside of Dean as possible to coat his walls with his sperm, he detached his lips from his neck and shifted the position of his hands to prop himself up on them so that he could look at his boyfriend. Only then did he realize that Dean had blacked out with the force of his orgasm and that Jimmy was behind him, cradling his face while checking his condition.
After they had spent a while in bed together, they decided to clean themselves up once more and went into the bathroom together. Then, Castiel led him back into their bedroom with an excited face and said, “We have a gift for you, Dean.”
When Jimmy turned around and looked at Dean, the blonde was sitting on the edge of the chair, his legs swinging since his feet didn’t touch the ground and his arms were propped up next to his thighs, making Dean’s upper body look long and muscular. That aside, he seemed shy once more and there was this cute little smile on his lips that Jimmy wanted to kiss. “Anything for you. And it’s alright, really.”
God, if he wouldn't have been so damn happy for once in his life, he'd have been scared as Hell of how deep he was in already, how seriously involved he was with them.
After that, they just laid there, caressing Dean’s sun-kissed and freckled skin, and enjoying and bathing in the sun together with Dean still naked. It was peaceful and quiet, the soft sound of water and their breathing calming him down, and after such an exhausting scene, Jimmy could’ve easily fallen asleep right there. But he wanted to stroke his hands across Dean’s slowly rising and falling chest and feel it warm and flush underneath his hand. Jimmy touched Dean like it was a privilege – because it damn much felt like that to be allowed to have him like this – and ran his fingers lightly over the muscles in his boyfriend’s chest to make him shiver, pressing deeper whenever he wanted to hear him moan quietly. He also traced the lines of the pentagram he’d tattooed onto their boyfriend’s chest again and felt something akin to possessiveness stir inside of him at the knowledge that Dean would be carrying this for the rest of his life.
All he cared about was how protected and loved Dean felt in the incessant hold of his Dom, how every thrust into him made Dean lose a bit of his self-doubt, and how close he was to tipping over the edge. “Everything I’ve ever wanted,” Cas whispered, leaning down to kiss Dean between his shoulder blades while picking up his pace.
Gulping loudly, Dean had to fight his voice from trembling as he started to tear up like some freaking wimp. “Stop fucking apologizing, Michael. Just tell me one thing,” he swallowed down a whole new kind of nausea as the thought crossed his mind, lowering his hand to hide it was shaking, “Did you do it?” His voice was oddly void of any emotion, just low and rough.
Stroking Dean’s cheek lovingly, Castiel gave a slight nod and leaned in to place a soft kiss on his boyfriend’s lips before leaving his side and walking toward where the remote for the rafters had been deposited earlier. As soon as he pressed the right button, Benny and all the other people in the room watched as the ropes along with Dean were being lifted into the air very slowly until the submissive was at eye-level with Castiel again. Once the Dom stopped the machine and halted the process of lifting Dean up, he closed the space between them again and returned to Dean’s side, carding his fingers through his dark sandy blonde, almost brown, hair and grinning sweetly when Dean practically purred at the attention given to him. And for whatever weird reason, the rich and deep sound coming from him had Benny drooling pre-cum into his pants as his cock jerked yet again and he shuffled his feet, trying to get more comfortable.
“So, tell us about that twin,” Sam, the ever-curious one, urged and raised his eyebrows at him, waiting for an explanation.
Jess nodded in understanding and looked at Benny when he rasped, “Doesn’t make it any less good, though. It’s a wonderful memory.” The affection for his best friend was more than audible in his voice but Jimmy was sure that there was something more to it – not just a dear memory but perhaps also one that he’d saved for his spank-bank every since. And if that thought made him feel the by-now well-known signs of building jealousy, no one had to know.
Nodding, Cas assured, “Yes and I think this could work. What we would have to do is take it slow, if you’d even want it.”
Meeting Sammy’s excited face, Dean teased, “No, Sam, we spent some time in a sex dungeon…” Now, Sam’s expression turned into his typical ‘don’t give me that shit’ bitchface and Dean rolled his eyes. “Yes, we went out, had dinner and talked like normal people.”
Turning his head to look at him, Dean grinned brightly and nodded, chuckling, “Come here, you dork,” as he reached out for Cas’ hand to tug him in. He hugged him from behind then, cuddling up to Dean’s back and joining their slight swaying, and just enjoyed being so close to and intimate with each other.
The days following, the three of them looked at some apartments online and the twins soon learned what Dean liked – enough space, glass facades or panorama windows and places that had both a shower and a bathtub because he loved “bubble-baths” – and what he didn’t; small kitchens. And after a few nights of searching the internet, they even found a place that had it all. Walking distance to Sam’s apartment, panorama windows, an open concept with kitchen and living space and a shower,
Meeting Jimmy’s eyes quickly, Cas informed, “Once you’re dressed in rope, I will have you riding Jimmy in a special way but you’re only going to move when you feel my hand on your skin, but I’ll explain that right before we start.”
“You seem to be passionate about food in general. I mean, you like to cook and eat and talk about it.”
She was furious at her past-self for being harsh to Sam because she thought he was babysitting Dean too much. Jessica had thought that their relationship was unnatural and even unhealthy. Sam would excuse himself every night to go call his brother and he constantly checked his cell for messages. And Jessica just didn’t understand because Dean was, after all, the elder one and he should have been able to take care of himself. Now, she loathed herself for scorning him in the past, even if it was just a tittle, because he kept occupying Sam’s time.
you. I’ll spoil you and make you feel treasured, Dean.” He let his hand slip into Dean’s short hair behind his ear, thumb now caressing his cheek. There was a slight blush on his skin and he looked almost abashed as Cas closed the gap between their lips to give him a chaste kiss. When they parted, Castiel whispered, “Come now, the food’s getting cold.”
A pleased rumble from deep in his chest left Cas’ throat and he smiled. “Very well, then.” Holding out his hand to Dean, he coaxed, “Come on,” and without hesitation, Dean had his hand placed in Castiel’s and was dragged upstairs with Jimmy following behind them, his hands resting on each of Dean’s hips to keep contact as well.
That made Dean’s smile widen and he took the offered hand, rasping, “Well then… show me,” and just like that, Jimmy tugged their boyfriend off of the bed as well and scooped him up in his arms, guiding them towards a free space of the room. Once they found a spot, Jimmy took Dean’s hands and placed them on his shoulders so that he could cross his hands behind his neck, then placed his own hands on Dean’s hips, almost possessively, before starting to slow dance with him. Even though Cas knew Dean was good at this, the blonde let Jimmy lead the entire time and just let himself be guided by the man, keeping his eyes locked with Jimmy’s.
“I dunno,” he started, looking for words to describe his current position. They restricted him from having eye contact with other people and talking to them, after all, and he didn’t know if this turned him on or not. Though, he had to admit, when Castiel had just ordered the food for Dean without even asking what he wanted to eat but still chose something Dean would’ve chosen on his own, that had been pretty hot and Dom-like. “A bit weird, but in a good way.”
A while of blissful silence alter, Jimmy whispered into Dean’s ear, “There’s going to be a New Year’s Eve celebration at the waterfront but we are far away enough that the music will be more of a background tune, though we’ll have the perfect view of the fireworks at midnight. I thought it would be nicer to celebrate in private since we haven’t met your family before and we thought this would be a good opportunity to get to know them.” He ended his sentence with a kiss to the shell of Dean’s ear, making the blonde shiver slightly.
Of course, they’ve had vanilla sex in between, and Cas had to admit that, now that he had a taste of it, it was nice for a change, so he enjoyed that as well.
cross my limits and it also wasn’t too much for me, so don’t start making up new excuses to call yourself a bad Dom ‘cause you’re not. And you have no reason at all to beat yourself up over something that isn’t even real, Cas. You dropped, that’s it. Sure, my ass is still hurting like a bitch but I knew what I was getting into and as exhausted as I felt last night, it had been freaking incredible. Quite possibly the best sex of my life. And I’m sure the extra swagger I put to my bow-legs now doesn’t turn you off the slightest.”
The sticks tasted delicious and Jimmy loved watching Dean enjoy his food, he even ate the salad with a happy smile on his face – probably because it helped cool his mouth. By the time the veggies on sticks and the salad had been eaten, the bread on sticks were ready and they each grabbed one, waiting for it to be in a temperature that didn’t burn their insides. Once that had been achieved, they all enjoyed the bread while talking about the summer they had before their conversation was about camping and Dean commented, “We did that once, remember? Dad took us on a hunting trip when you were, what, about six? I recall that we slept in a tent, the old man wanting us to be able to survive in the wild, and in that night, you told me about your first crush, Eileen.”
“He doesn’t use me, Sam! And Cas isn’t like that, at all. If anything, the guy’s the most caring and honest man I’ve ever met… oh, right next to his brother!” Dean didn’t want to get louder at the end, but he did – as if two amazing guys that are interested in him was just frustrating. Maybe it even was… Dean had never met anyone he cared about or someone who gave a crap about him more than just how good he was in bringing them pleasure. And now he had met two at once and they were his dreams come true but he didn’t deserve any of them. He wanted to tell that to his heart because, even if this was all new to Dean, he knew he was falling for both…
And Jimmy was sure that Dean had a breeding kink or something because he threw his head back, howling, as his body twitched with the orgasm still lingering right underneath the surface and trying to break free. His eyes were shut with the immense pleasure he was feeling and tears were running down his cheeks as Jimmy kept thrusting into him as good as possible in their position to ride out his own waves of pleasure.
This was the first time Dean had ever heard Sam say that. He always assumed that his brother had it easy, what with his smarts and talent. He always had a bunch of friends and girls wanting him and as the genius he was, he had every door opened for him to have a bright future. If anything, Dean thought he had all the reasons to feel like standing in his brother’s shadow but that was never something that he thought about. All that ever mattered was his baby brother’s happiness and Dean had always been proud of Sam, no matter how stupid and insignificant he felt next to him. He never had a reason to feel the need to compete with Sammy.
“You want my mouth, right?” Cas merely nodded, staring directly into Dean’s eyes in this unwavering way that only Cas could. “What about Jimmy?”
“Cas, you’re a great guy. All caring and loving and honest. And you’re a Dom, which is fucking awesome. And you were the sweetest guy I’ve ever met and I… I’m just some beat-up jerk, incapable of giving that back. I’m no relationship material and that’s not what you deserve.” He changed the side of the ear and pressed the cell against his left one.
He started with tight little thrusts as he rutted into Dean, never pulling out more than was absolutely necessary, as if the very idea of ever leaving the welcoming heat of Dean's body again was just ridiculous; impossible. Maybe it even was. But after a while, Castiel changed the pace and took Dean in long, hard thrusts, still holding on to Dean’s hips with both hands. Dean made lovely noise after noise and Castiel wanted to taste them with his tongue, so he bent down and captured Dean’s lips with his own in a searing and heated kiss while thrusting into him again and again.
His answer was enough to make Castiel beam at him with excitement and lust at the same time and Dean didn’t even have to think twice about his answer when Cas asked, “Will you wear it for me, tonight?”
Dean felt so wet and naturally open, that it had him leaking like a tap with pleasure while his face screwed up, trying to endure his boyfriend’s tongue working his channel even looser. And then Castiel pushed in even deeper, his nose and chin digging into his skin while licking into spaces that Dean didn’t even know existed, and Dean yelled and writhed when Cas licked so far into him, that his teeth grazed his balls as his stubble scraped against them deliciously, successfully turning him into boneless goo.
This was their start. The beginning of something great. The new year could come because, for once, he was so freaking
But Castiel tried to swallow it down and enjoy Dean’s warm body right here, pressed against his own, in his bed. They fell silent after that and Castiel listened to Dean’s breathing evening out until he was asleep. His steady breaths made Castiel follow Dean not long after and for once, he felt content.
It took a while for them to receive an answer, but once they did as Dean sighed a contented, “Yeah, okay,” Castiel could settle in completely and closed his eyes with a small smile on his lips.
“Did you have sex?” Castiel had to ask because he was curious like that, even though he tried to make it sound like a teasing challenge.
Though only a moment later, Castiel’s grin turned into a mischievous smirk and it was all the warning Dean got before he pushed inside to the hilt, the last inch a hard and dirty grind that made Dean feel like he was choking on Cas’ dick. He relished the sensation of hugging his Dom from base to tip while also feeling pretty triumphant about the fact that he was obviously robbing him of his breath, that smug smile now gone and in its place a soundless moan. Cas was able to collect himself only a moment later, though, and once he recovered from the initial shock of feeling Dean like that, he readjusted his grip on Dean, both hands holding on to his hip bones, and pulled back out in an agonizingly slow pace, probably trying and succeeding to drive Dean crazy.
When their hands fell free, Dean stepped close to them again and smiled so brightly, that he was almost beaming. “You all done with introductions? ‘Cause if yes, how about something to drink?”
He grew more desperate and demanding, chasing the flavor of Dean’s tongue as it battled against his and the wet slide sent waves of pleasure through Castiel’s entire body. His fingertips tingled and his skin felt hot. The kiss was rough but tender in a way he had never experienced before. Dean was an amazing kisser. He was captivating and enticing, like a force you couldn’t resist, and once you got a taste – a glimpse – of it, you’d never be able to let him go again.
After a long moment of silence, Jimmy answered, “You know there’s a huge window next to the door? The one in our kitchen?”
Nodding, Dean opened his mouth to speak but a sob came out instead, and after letting the painful sound out, he said, “Yes. Yes, I understand, Cas. I understand.” His words were quiet and rough, his voice wrecked from crying.
Dean’s eyebrows snapped even closer together and he looked so confused now, that Jimmy had to chuckle. “You’re not taking a piss out of me, are you? ‘Cause I feel like you just made that up to mess around with me for leaving you behind like that… and I know that was shitty, I–”
“And then we talked about marriage and since we’re not legally allowed to be married, I thought we’d just make it work on our own, and instead of rings, we’d wear these,” Dean went on, his voice low and gentle. Shyly, he took a tentative step forward and asked for Jimmy’s left wrist by holding his hand out, and he smiled softly when Jimmy offered it to him immediately. “They’re engraved,” he informed as he opened the band and placed it around Jimmy’s wrist, closing it again so that it sat snugly. It was a dark, red mahogany color with amazing and sturdy handiwork, adorned with a very beautiful pattern that was incorporated into the leather. It was very masculine despite the details.
Once they both adjusted to the feeling, Jimmy pulled his hips back again only to thrust back inside, setting a harsh pace as he fucked Dean deep and good. The force with which Jimmy was pounding into him set off fireworks behind his eyes as his head pressed back into the mattress as much as it could with his mouth falling open while silent moans and whimpers left his lips.
Smiling, he answered, “Not really, the back area is the one that hurts the least, I guess. Well, except for neck and spine… that hurts like a bitch.” Dean laughed but kept his chest from shaking too much so that Jimmy was able to go on. “My first tattoo hurt, though… I got it on my hip – not a good idea for the first. And even if it was a small one, the pain was a lot.”
In response, Cas received a long, wonderful moan and he watched as Dean threw his head back, automatically speeding up his thrusts as if the extra strain to his nipples spurred him on even more. His throat was a long, mesmerizing line now and Cas wanted to lean forward to nip and bite at the skin offered so beautifully to him. Instead, he tugged at the chain even more, watching Dean’s nipples get stretched, and Cas was sure that beside Dean’s loud moan, he was able to hear Jimmy’s groan as well.
“Hey…” Dean drawled, hiding his eyes behind his hand and trying to get up into a sitting position. He ended up half lying still, with his elbows propped up behind him, and blinked a few times before looking at each of them and repeating, “Hey.”
Turning back around after shutting off the stove, Dean merely said, “Take a seat, Cas. Food’s done,” and smiled broadly. And who was Cas to say no to that? So he sat down wordlessly on one of the bar stools at the island and watched as his boyfriend placed down a plate in front of him with a sweet, “Voila!”
They are resting now – have been for three days – before they have to be at the front again. And Castiel tried to enjoy those rare peaceful and quiet moments before all there is going to be is death and destruction, tried to spend those few days with his friend –
Next to them, Jimmy snorted a laugh and Dean pulled back his head to look at Cas with wide eyes. “What?”
Castiel swallows guiltily – he still feels like that, even after what Benny told him – and croaks out: “Dean was shot to death, he died of organ failure and exsanguination.”
A few minutes went by where Cas merely tried to calm down again and Jimmy continued his mission to turn the mark into his own until Castiel took a cautious step back, making Dean’s hand that had still been wrapped around him slip off his cock slowly, and put it back into his pants before zipping them up again. Then, he went to wash his hands and said, in a deep and rough voice, “You can already head out if you want to, Dean. Jimmy and I will follow right after.”
Leaning back against the counter, Dean shook his head slightly. “Nah, I was going to but I kinda didn’t find it in me to change clothes and be around other people yet.”
Jimmy leaned in to peck Dean’s cheek and mumbled, “You’re right,” before slowly making his way out of bed and getting ready for the day.
Though, after that, time seemed to stretch. He wrapped up the cleansing and threw his supplies back into the empty bucket, turned down the volume of his music and cut the engine, locked his Baby, and made sure everything was fine, stroking a hand down her hood on his way to the elevator in appreciation. In the elevator, he received a call from Charlie, Jimmy’s childhood friend who was already like a little sister to Dean after only having met her twice and talked over the phone several times. The two of them talked excitedly about the next LARPing event – he got to be the Queen’s handmaiden, sue him – and about other important and insignificant things, as well as Sam’s birthday coming up in a few weeks. Charlie and Sam had never met before, only heard of each other, and Dean wanted to change that because Charlie was awesome and he knew his brother would get along with her just as easily.
“Yeah, but they’re not exactly easy to come across. I mean, good ones don’t lay around on the street.”
“We’re gonna have to talk about what ‘this’ is going to be, though,” Jimmy mumbled into the back of Dean’s neck, still smiling.
WARNING: consensual somnophilia, sex toys, spreader bars, enemas, butt plugs/nozzles, urethral play, sounding, urethral rods, shibari, bondage, full-body harness
“Yeah, as light punishment. Turned out it wasn’t so light. It burned like Hell and, you know, the best part about sex is enjoying yourself, so, of course, I didn’t enjoy sex after that. Never again.”
“Me neither. Our parents were religious which is why some of us were named after angels… like Castiel. But ever since we were old enough to decide what we believed in, Cas and I stopped going to church with them every Sunday.”
At this moment, he existed for Cas and Cas alone, to be used how his Dom pleased and to reaffirm that Dean belonged to him. When he bared himself like this for them, he gave Jimmy and Cas the world. It was the most mesmerizing and intimate thing to open himself up and lay bare for them to see everything that was him and take pleasure from him like that. They were the only ones who got to see him at his most vulnerable, who were trusted thus deeply to give him what he needed and make him feel this good. And it was fucking empowering Castiel.
“Dean, you didn’t ruin today. You defended yourself. Hell, if you hadn’t done it and if I had known I’d have stood a chance against this guy, I would have punched the crap out of him.” His brother merely nodded, stuffing his bleeding hands into the pockets of his jacket and adverting his eyes while ducking his head. “Hey,” Sam said, trying to make Dean feel better, “What if I drive you home so that your boyfriends can take care of you. I guess they know how to stitch that, right?” But when Dean looked up at him with wide and regretting eyes, Sam thought that it may have had the opposite effect.
Setting down his now empty beer with a sigh, Dean turned to look at him with a small smile and said, “Now that you’re officially an adult, any plans to ask for Jess’ hand? I mean, you two have been
A fat and intimate grin broke out across Castiel’s handsome face and Dean couldn’t stop himself from reflecting his boyfriend’s excited expression as he leaned in and pressed a lingering kiss to his lips. “Thank you,” he whispered, their lips still clinging to each other. Leaning back a bit to look Cas into the eye, Dean asked, “Will you show me how to use it?”
, he looked breathtaking in a brown leather jacket, a white shirt and dark jeans. Jimmy must’ve loved this look just as much as Cas if he got to see Dean like this as well. The blonde had his hands stuffed into the pockets of his jacket and his shoulders were a bit stiff as he held himself straight. But as soon as Castiel closed the door and turned around, Dean relaxed and took off his boots and jacket, adding them to Cas’ shoes and the rack where his own jackets rested.
I trust you both with my life but you have to trust me and my judgment, too, Cas. Unless this isn’t gonna work.”
“Dean, I–I can’t let you go, you needa stay…” Michael slurred, meeting his eyes with dark blue ones.
Cas swore, his voice coming out strangled as Dean sped up his hand, bringing Cas impossibly close to the edge. “You’re perfect,” he whispered against his chin, his mouth hanging open still from when he’d kissed Dean before it had gotten so sloppy, that he’d stopped altogether. “Dean! So good, love you so much…” His voice was breathless and it only took a few more measured flicks of Dean’s wrist to tip him over the edge, his gasp muffled by Dean’s chin as his body wracked with his orgasm and thick robes of cum were spurted into Dean’s palm.
Before he started to pull out and thrust back in, Castiel let his gaze wander over Dean’s flushed skin again, taking in the, at once, pleasure-depraved and relaxed expression on his face. Dean met his eyes then and Cas felt his heart jump painfully at his beauty. “God, Dean… You’re beautiful. This is amazing,
“Someone touched me without permission, and when I warned them to not do it again, the guy did it anyway and insulted me.”
“Hey, Cas… don’t, okay? You’re not responsible for what I do. You didn’t have anything to do with me being fucked-up and unable to cope with emotions. Thanks for telling me your story to distract me. It means a lot that you trust me with it.” His voice was thick with emotions and Castiel got the meaning of his words loud and clear.
He had to scramble backward on his knees to uncover Dean’s lower body entirely, and when he dropped the fabric once Dean was laying bare in front of him, Jimmy found his breath hitching at the sight of such beauty this close to him. The blonde was wearing nothing but navy blue, satiny silk French knickers that even had a little bow in the same color in the front and he looked so unbelievably sexy, that Jimmy had a hard time breathing. His cock was now at full mast and all he wanted to do right now was to touch and taste and make Dean his own.
“You can touch him wherever you please, Jimmy,” Castiel reminded and Jimmy nodded absentmindedly, his hands already flying to Dean’s stomach and starting to stroke the skin there before he even knew he wanted to do that. Then, Cas started to shift the Sub’s hips until his ass was hovering directly above Jimmy’s crotch, his spread and waiting hole lingering only inches above his cock.
Chuckling, Cas assured, “I know you can, Dean. Just, if I hadn’t carried you here, you’d still be in bed and probably doze off and it would have taken hours for you to collect enough energy to stand up and walk here. Although I’ll have to admit that you do blush very prettily.” Dean didn’t seem to be even listening to Cas as he was placed down on the closed toilet lid and held there by Jimmy while Castiel plugged the bathtub and turned on the faucet to fill it with warm water.
“Okay, just listen to me now, Dean. You can do this. Stop trying to take in breaths or you’ll faint with the effort. Just listen to my voice. Concentrate on it and blend out everything else. Follow my voice, nothing else.” He tried to think of anything to say and started pacing up and down the space between wall and door in front of his bed, coming up with a story he had only ever told Jimmy. “You know, before I knew I was gay and demisexual, I tried to like girls. Everyone always told me that that’s how it should be and I wanted to be normal. So, when I was 18, all my friends had been having sex for years and they constantly asked if something was wrong with me. I felt pressured to do something about it and I knew this girl so I asked her out.” He stopped to check in on Dean’s breathing. It was still no better. “We ended up in her bed and she started to take off her clothes and I just went with it, even though I felt no attraction towards her. I knew she was pretty but I didn’t see it that way, I never did. And when she grabbed a condom and gave it to me, I didn’t know what to do. I wasn’t erected at the slightest and nothing helped – her hands didn’t and neither did her mouth… and I knew something was wrong with me… so the first time I did the smuts, I panicked. I had a panic attack just like you, Dean, because I felt like a failure and there was this constant pressure society put on my back, weighing down on me and I thought it would suffocate me. I almost fainted and you know what was even best? The girl I was with had to bring her mother because she was a nurse and knew how to handle it. I was naked and panicking and the mother of the girl I couldn’t bring myself to have sex with had to help me get back. I learned then, that I needed an emotional connection towards people to feel sexually attracted at all. And I also learned that this only ever was the case with men. I never let society pressure me after that again and I learned how to live with it. I had a few relationships since then but it took time. Getting to know each other, building trust and an emotional connection. The first relationship I had was with the man who introduced me to BDSM and it took about a year until I was able to be intimate with him.”
Taking it as his chance, Jimmy grasped Dean’s chin and turned his head to have access to his mouth as well, kissing him with all the passion. Dean moaned against his lips, opening up to Jimmy’s tongue and allowing him inside. He let Jimmy have his fun as well, feeling his equally hard cock against his thigh when the man pressed his body closer to him and sighing at the feel of Cas’ soft lips dragging across his throat.
And it hurt. Well, he knew that it would hurt – it was still not the first time after all – but with all the sex he had already had before and his already tired and fucked-out muscles, it was literally a pain in the ass. Tears had welled up in his eyes from the sting during the process, but Dean ignored them as much as he had ignored his embarrassing whimpers throughout it all. He was thankful that Cas was still letting him adjust to it because his ass was still clenching and unclenching around them as if his body was trying to take in their size and shape.
Cas pulled out of Dean carefully and scrambled to his knees, gently placing Dean’s legs back down on the mattress and bending down above their boyfriend. Placing a hand against his cheek, he rasped “Dean,” with his voice still rough from his own orgasm.
It was only once they were all for themselves again that Sam spoke, “Did John know?” His question came so out of the blue, that it left Dean blinking at him in question, so he added, “That you were bi? I mean, did… did he ever catch you with a guy?”
Feigning innocence, Cas asked, “Start sooner?” while his hands slid further up Dean’s body, from his hips up to his waist, before snaking past the waistband of his sweats to linger there.
Dean’s expression got even more worried and he skipped the last three steps of the stairs to walk directly into the bedroom. He stopped in front of Cas and when Jimmy entered the room as well, Dean was already crouched in front of Castiel and lacing his fingers with his own, soothing him.
Smiling softly, Castiel grabbed Dean’s bound wrists and turned around to face Jimmy, saying, “You can lie down on your back on the bed already,” before gently tugging his boyfriend out of the room into the bathroom. Dean’s eyes were focused on Cas’ and he asked, “You already know what’s about to happen right?” At the answering nod, he asked, “Toilet or shower?”
This, combined with spending his Sunday with the best company he could ever wish for, was just what Dean had always longed for in his life; always knew he needed deep down inside but never dared to dream he’d once have.
He knew that if Cas used his gravelly and deep voice just right, the raven-haired would have him on his knees in no time. And Dean was more than ready to let Castiel do anything he wanted to him. That was just how deeply involved he already was, which made Dean an emotional wreck as soon as he had time alone with his thoughts. It was the first time he had ever gotten that involved with anyone and Dean merely met Castiel twice. Though it felt like he knew him his whole life…
He was so out of breath, that he had to take two more lungfuls of air before answering, “Green, Castiel.”
Chuckling, Dean withdrew from the embrace and complained, “Gabe, I’m 26 now,” while rolling his eyes in annoyance but Jimmy could see the fondness and affection for his short friend in his boyfriend’s gaze.
Sighing, he relaxed his own body and reveled in the blissful state their boyfriend had managed to get them into, his eyes never leaving his face. Dean was beautiful when he slept and it all seemed so surreal.
. He couldn’t entertain those thoughts and at that moment, Jimmy was all forgotten about. Because Dean’s body was melted against his, head resting on his shoulder, nails digging into his thighs through the fabric of his pants where they pressed against Dean’s own legs and most importantly, Dean was writhing and moaning because Castiel was stroking and pulling on Dean’s permanently leaking cock with his hand.
There was an intrigued expression on Dean’s face and he nodded once, smiling softly. “Don’t worry, I don’t think it’s weird. Man, there’s crazier stuff out there.”
Crossing his arms in front of his chest, disapprovingly, Sam asked, “And you suppose I believe this?”
It was hard to keep from losing his mind and concentrate on anything besides Dean’s twitching muscles under his palms as he pulled his cheeks apart once more and the whiny sounds slipping past his lips as he started to get over-sensitive. Especially when Cas dipped in deep and his scruff scraped against the tender skin of his perineum and testicles.
Castiel was too overwhelmed with everything happening and every word Dean had said lingering in his mind, to go after Dean and try to stop him. His eyes were misty and when he touched his face to rub at them, he felt that his cheeks were wet. So he was crying – standing there, at the foot of his now too empty, too big bed with his head bowed and crying.
“‘m not sure…” the blonde slurred, looking at them through hooded eyes. “It was so intense…  but not as intense as the first – second one, y’know, the one before… like an explosion, no slowly tightening knot that gets tighter the closer y’get to being pushed over the edge… just flat out happened without me knowing about it.”
With a small but hopefully reassuring smile, Jimmy said, “I’m not sure myself. But I don’t want you to never call again as much as Cas does. So please, don’t be weirded out by what I said. I don’t want to send you running. It would truly be a loss.”
There was a crease between her eyebrows as Jessica frowned, matching her expression with Sammy’s, who asked, “So, how did you get a tattoo?”
Chuckling, Dean said, “Man, he was like a lovesick puppy when they met at school, came home every day to tell me all about her and teaching me sign language. The only time he was even worse was when he met you, Jess. Once, we walked down a street, and Sammy was so enthralled by telling me a story about you, that he straight-up ran over a little boy.” He was laughing again now and it was intoxicating as always. “Jesus, hearing him stammer out an apology to the kid’s mother with his face all red was hilarious.”
Taking a look at his surroundings, Cas thought about how he wanted to adjust the hook and answered, “Actually, get back into your previous position, head to the beam.”
chimed through the room as the whip cut through the air before landing on Dean’s back with a sickening
Though, when Jimmy leaned forward and started to open Dean’s fly with deft fingers, his eyes cast down to track the movement, watching as Jimmy pulled down his zipper and hooked his thumbs into the waistband of his jeans to push them off his hips. Jimmy was gentle and slow as he pulled the pants down entirely, focused on every inch of their boyfriend’s skin that was being revealed, and he took in a short breath when Dean’s half-erect cock sprung free from its confines. Once the jeans were off, Cas watched his twin pull off Dean’s shoes and socks before running his hands all over Dean’s thighs until he slipped them underneath Dean’s shirt and rucked it up his torso. A moment later, the blonde was standing naked in front of them, all bared for their eyes.
“I’m sure,” he said, reaching down to wipe Dean’s hands clean with the towel and leaning in to brush his lips against Dean’s one more time before whispering, “And thank you.”
gonna take a swim in it,” Dean said, beaming at them with almost child-like joy. “You ever went skinny dipping? ‘Cause that’s still on my bucket list and I’m not leaving here until I’ve done it.”
Hearing him say that made Jimmy smile fondly and his heart ache at the same time. He was content and more than happy about the fact that Dean had found his way into their lives. One without him was downright unimaginable.
Then Dean turned around again, facing Castiel, who was still staring at the spot where Dean’s back had been turned towards him a moment ago. “I love you too, Cas,” the blonde whispered softly as he framed the left side of Cas’ face and wiped away a tear with his thumb that Castiel hadn’t even known was there. “Are you okay?”
was the tease? – to trail his lips down his torso with open-mouthed kisses until his chin bumped against the root of Dean’s cock. Then, he slid further down the mattress so that his face was directly above his crotch, lips dangerously close to his dick, and Dean’s eyes widened at the realization of what his boyfriend was about to do. He let out a groan at the mere thought and a moment later, Cas was kissing down from the back of his knee to his crotch, and for fuck’s sake, he even had the perfect stubble to rub against Dean’s inner thighs.
“Oh, right… that has been going on forever with you, right?” When Castiel nodded, Jessica looked at Jimmy and asked, “And you?”
He was pulled back out of his thoughts when Dean crawled out of the bed and gave them a small but intimate smile before informing, “I’m headed into the shower now…” and making his way into the bathroom. He left the door open after entering, which was their invitation to join him, and while Castiel gladly took it with a fond smile – his forgotten erection more than obvious in his pants –, Jimmy decided to stay back this time. Dean hadn’t seen his gift for him after all and Jimmy wanted it to stay that way for just a little bit longer…
me. During that, they’re like Dean; they trust me to take care of them, to bring them back from their high, out of subspace, and back to reality. It’s when they’re most vulnerable. They give themselves over to me completely. And– and this trust, this responsibility I have, it’s what makes me feel needed and gives me the sense of having a calling in this life.”
By the way his thrusts picked up on speed and his breaths came harsher and louder, Dean knew that Jimmy was close, he just had to coax it out of him sooner. So he did the only thing that he knew always sucked the orgasm right out of them and clenched down around Jimmy on purpose, trying to stay that way and form his channel into a tight vice as Jimmy kept thrusting. The pressure around his cock made it harder for him to thrust inside and pull back out and Jimmy moaned at the feeling, hanging his head with his jaw dropping open and his cock pulsing as he was close to the edge. After a moment, though, Dean had to relax his muscle again and allowed Jimmy to pick up the pace once more, only to clamp down around his shaft once he was fully sheathed again, and Jimmy threw his head back, shouting Dean’s name as it ultimately tipped him over the edge.
Castiel just nods and makes a mental note to be extra careful and slow when it comes to opening Dean up. For now, he merely resumes worshipping Dean’s body; leaving a trail of wet kisses along the length of his hardening cock, pressing one to the head where a bead of pre-come has gathered, and then pinning the hard flesh to Dean’s pelvis to also kiss the sensitive underside of his shaft, pressing his tongue flat against the protruding vein there, at which Dean lets out a guttural moan.
Inside, Dean was molten hot and Jimmy couldn’t stop to get himself accustomed to the feeling of being inside of his boyfriend, just pulled out as soon as he had bottomed out to thrust back into Dean’s ass. He set a harsh and unforgiving pace, fucking Dean like his life depended on it and using his grip on Dean’s hips to pull him onto his cock every time he pushed into him. Slowly, a steady rhythm was building that got even less and less gentle as time passed and his need to come and fill Dean with his sperm grew stronger. Once he could feel that his orgasm was building, he decided to grind into his boyfriend a few more times, making sure that Dean would feel it as soon as he woke up, and pulled out of his hole.
Propping himself up on his elbow next to the blonde, Jimmy met his eyes and said, “We never danced together, Dean,” his voice soft. Cas could practically hear
Setting it aside, Dean walked into the shower and started cleaning himself up, rubbing his skin with body lotion, and shampooing his hair. He loved that he got to use the same one his boyfriends did, loving that he smelled just like them; like fresh, green apples and honey.
That night, he had slept even better than the night before with Cas because he had felt oddly safe and warm being surrounded by such amazing men.
Shaking his head once more, Castiel started taking off his clothes hastily, walking closer towards the two to make his presence known again. Jimmy met his eyes as he pulled off his shirt and as soon as it hit the floor, Cas was back against Dean’s mouth with his own in a harsh kiss, hungry for it like a fish desperate for water.
Jimmy knew that breakfast on the weekends was of great importance to his twin so that they could start the day with enough energy, and so each of them prepared different things. While Dean took it upon himself to make them some fried eggs with Labneh, feta, olives, and smoked paprika on naan bread, Jimmy cooked the bacon and sliced an avocado for Cas, who prepared three bowls of yogurt and cereals topped with sliced bananas, strawberries, raspberries, blackberries, and chopped hazelnuts. They always gave Jimmy the easier tasks, the ones he couldn’t really mess up if he wanted since he was the most terrible cook out of the three of them, but he knew that himself, so he took it with humor and was even secretly thankful that he didn’t have to do as much as they did.
Before he started pushing it inside, though, Dean had to lift his head off the mattress to see if it had the right position because it was so big, that it felt like its head was everywhere. But the tip truly was brushing his hole and so he started to impale himself on it, his toes curling and teeth grounding together as the stretch burned and the overwhelming pressure had his every nerve on fire. It took a very long time, a lot of readjustments, and Dean had to add more pressure to keep it from popping out again, but once the head was fully buried inside him, the rest slid in comparatively smoothly.
Dean turned to look at them in disbelief and asked, “Really?” Yeah, he was truly speechless. No one had ever done something so special for him and he just couldn’t believe his luck.
Next to him, Jessica, Sam, and Cas began to place down their things as well, so Jimmy followed suit and crouched to open the pack of firewood and put enough of it in the middle of the fireplace to prepare the campfire. For a moment, he was concentrating on arranging the wood and once it looked good enough, he stood again and straightened. When he looked up, Dean was already gone but it only took a second for him to find the blonde standing by the water, his shoes and socks discarded in the sand.
Fortunately, it doesn’t take much longer before Castiel feels the heat pooling in his stomach coming together in a tight knot and with one final thrust deep into Dean, Castiel releases himself along with a loud and content groan that vibrates through his entire body, and paints Dean’s insides with his hot sperm, marking him – claiming Dean as his.
“What happened? Are you okay?” Jessica was able to see how uncomfortable Dean felt at his brother’s worry and she knew there was something seriously wrong when Dean thought himself unworthy of it.
“Dude, don’t thank me,” Dean laughed but there was warmth and affection in his eyes. “Makes it sound like a big deal… not that it wasn’t, you know…” Sighing, Dean rubbed the bridge of his nose between his fingers before looking at Cas. “God, I’m making an ass outta myself right now. I’m just not good with words, you know?” He let go of a long, steadying breath and sat up straighter, continuing, “I just wanna say how much I like you.”
Next to him, Dean let out a soft sigh and opened his eyes, blinking up at Cas from underneath his long lashes while throwing his angled leg over Cas’ hips and snuggling closer to his neck, whispering a breathy “Hey.”
“Yeah, I did. First time we spent it with Jess, but she still allowed us to do this ritual of ours.”
was exactly what Jimmy had thought Dean to be. It was endearing to see him go from confident and sexy to shy and still sexy. “Yeah. I’d love to.”
Cas was there, right beside them, when Jimmy carefully pulled out and helped Dean into a sitting position. The blonde was still panting heavily, his eyes red and his cheeks wet with tears, but he took the glass and drank all of the water given to him anyway. His hair was an absolute mess and he looked so exhausted, that Jimmy was sure Dean felt like sleeping for the next week, even though he wasn’t even done yet.
“Of course. He’s amazing, Cas.” At that, Castiel met his eyes again and a slight frown came up to his features. “We talked and it was nice. I’ve never wanted to just be like that with someone else without having the prospect of sleeping with them… he’s cocky but shy at once and that’s just so fascinating.”
The answering smile was all Dean needed to see and he turned around fully to give each of them a thankful kiss, hugging them against his body. “Thought this was your birthday, not mine…”
Castiel smiled fondly, his eyes turning soft as he leaned in to press a kiss into Dean’s temple. “Of course, you can.”
“Well, I think we’re going to have to work on that then,” Castiel implied with a mischievous smirk before walking around his Sub and coming to stay behind him. Placing his hands on either of his hips once again, Castiel turned Dean to the side so that the people in the audience were also able to watch, grabbed the bottle of lube Jimmy was reaching out to him, and caressed his boyfriend’s back by running down his fingers along his spine and then up again soothingly while coating the fingers of his other hand with lube before prodding two slick digits against Dean’s hole and breaching his rim to insert them both with an obscene squelching noise.
“You came inside of me, didn’t you?” When Jimmy gave a tentative nod, Dean just hummed and assumed, “And you used my hand to fuck yourself with it, amirite?” Stopping his trail of kisses, Jimmy grinned a bit slyly, teeth sleek against Dean’s neck, who chuckled breathlessly. “That wasn’t hard to guess, y’know…”
Dean was quiet for so long, that Jimmy thought he hadn’t been listening. But when he looked up at him, the blonde had an unreadable expression on his face and his eyes shone. In a tight voice, Dean said, “That sounds amazing. You’d do that?”
“I… I don’t…” He was cut off by a fit of panic breathing again and Cas closed his eyes in distress. “Maybe…” It was barely a whisper but Cas got it anyway and it was better than nothing because it helped him handle the situation.
Not having to be told twice, Dean hurried to comply. In fact, Dean was so fast, that Castiel didn’t even have the time to pull his hand out of his boxers before Dean arched his back to present his round ass to him on his hands and knees. It was still clad in jeans and when Cas let go of Dean’s cock, which coaxed a sound close to a whine out of Dean, he grabbed the waistband of his jeans and boxers to pull them down in one go so that they pooled around his knees. From his position behind the blonde, Cas could see Dean’s slick and dripping cock hanging heavy and proud between his spread legs and it all but ripped a growl out of Cas, rumbling in his chest. Stroking a hand up and down the length of his back along his spine, Cas whispered, “I’ll be right back, Dean. Don’t move.”
Throughout the span of almost an hour – maybe even more –, Dean had been using three different toys to open himself up for his Doms, starting with an average size, that wasn’t really average at all compared to his boyfriends’ dicks, then working up to bigger ones. The whole time, he could feel two pairs of eyes staring at him as if wanting to be the current toy he was using to stretch himself open and this just added fuel to the burning fire that was his arousal inside him. But he had yet to use the last item to be somewhat prepared for the goal of this entire scene, even though he already felt impossibly stretched and full.
“Yeah,” Cas agreed, his fingers massaging their boyfriend’s scalp, his eyes focused on Dean’s face smushed into his crotch. His lips were parted and he looked carefree and so freaking endearing, Jimmy felt his heart swell with love at the sight. “He’s truly special.”
Castiel watched Dean’s glistening and pink rim stretch around Jimmy’s cock and listened to his twin’s balls hitting the soft skin of Dean’s ass every time he pushed inside to the hilt. Then he let his eyes sweep over Dean’s body once more and took in his position – his left leg, left side, and left arm resting on the table, his left hand gripping Jimmy’s right leg just above the hollow of his knee, fingertips white with the force of his grip. He was so very stunning and Cas found himself asking how he managed to have him here, with them, as he gazed at his face in awe.
And just like that, it was like a dam had broken and Dean let out a sigh at the same time as he slumped his shoulders even more, letting go of whatever held him back from pretending he was fine. His expression was tired and when he looked at them, there was even some shame written in his eyes. “I didn’t lie because it didn’t happen last morning. Right after you called, Cas, Michael came by and wanted me to stay. But he was drunk and he tried some things, so I pushed him away which made him angry and he accidentally pushed me against the wall where I hit my head.”
He set a slow but hard pace, fucking Dean with all he had while grunting into his ear, and the sound was like music to Dean, hearing his Dom fall apart because the pleasure he took from Dean was all too much. Dean found his body molding to Castiel’s extremely interested one, slumping against him and letting himself be used however Cas wanted while solely concentrating on the feel of his boyfriend’s rock-hard and huge cock thrusting in and out of his tight hole.
“Cas… I– thanks, for looking out for me. You don’t even know me and that just shows me that you’re a great guy. But…” His hands grasped Castiel’s. “It’s more complicated than that. I can’t just cut him off.” Castiel had to suppress a disapproving sigh.
So he made up his mind and unwrapped the towel to put them on, making sure everything sat right, and grabbed his sweats, pulling them up his legs and placing them low on his hips, but not too low to give him away and ruin the fun. Dean wanted to finally have some sexy time with his boyfriends now that they weren’t over a thousand miles away, and this was his last attempt at seducing them before he would stop trying to do it subtly and just straight out say that he wanted to be fucked.
, who waits for Jess to pick up all your stuff after you leave your dirty socks all around the place, and I’m not their fucking maid, jerk. Stop thinking of them like some rich white men,” he pointed a finger at him with raised eyebrows, his voice deep, “and Jimmy came home earlier today since all his clients for the day were through pretty quickly, so he went to the store to get some food. Cas should be here any minute.”
Nodding, Cas said, “Yes, that’s true. Taking away his speech won’t be as efficient during sensation play.”
For his part, Dean seemed to be pretty intimidated by Cas’ response and Jimmy hoped that he would finally see that he was worthy, that Cas could somehow prove him wrong and change his mind about his self-imagine.
Despite that, Castiel managed to answer without sounding jealous and even kept his voice steady, “If you had, it would be okay.”
Nuzzling Jimmy’s neck, Dean suggested, “Well, maybe he could set us up with a few other submissives and doms… they could tell you how it works and we could talk about it. They have different experiences and maybe they’re better at explaining than I am. And I think you would understand better because they’re not me. They’re not a person you love and your emotions won’t get in the way… I think that would make it easier for you to understand.”
Castiel’s heart started racing and he began running as well, arriving at his boyfriend’s side just as Jimmy dragged the dark-haired man away from Benny, who was obviously defending Dean, and his twin was just about to punch the guy in the face when he suddenly stopped and hesitated. “Michael?”
His hands stopped at the tops of Dean’s thighs, right underneath the rope joined with the lower back section holding most of Dean’s weight, and wrapped them around his flesh, taking hold of him by digging his fingertips into his skin. For a short while, Castiel merely took in their boyfriend’s absolutely astonishing body and the way he seemed to enjoy himself like he never had before. Then, he stopped the vibrations of the plug and carefully pulled it out, depositing it on the towel at the end of the bed.
“Alright,” Castiel announced softly, his strong hand locking around Dean’s left bicep, “I’ll guide you into your position now, just move slowly.” And with that, Cas tugged at his arm to make Dean get up on his knees first before helping him onto his feet carefully. Then Castiel’s other hand brushed his side slightly to turn him around and it made the hairs on his upper body stand as a shiver ran down his spine. “Take a few steps forward until I tell you to stop.”
A shiver ran down Castiel’s spine at Dean’s deep and gravelly voice but he managed to nod. “Yes, I do. I’m an accountant here.”
He sounded shy and unsure and that made Jimmy’s smile turn into a fond one. “Yes, really. Why else would I ask you those questions if I wasn’t interested in you?” Dean merely blushed and Jimmy went back to his task. “Next one: dogs or cats?”
“So,” Sam said all of a sudden, turning Dean’s attention back to him. He let his eyes drag over the field as he angled his head to look at his brother, cold can of coke in his hand. There was an amused smile tugging at Sam’s lips, his eyebrows raised and expression curious. “Gabriel, huh?”
Jimmy walked towards the nightstand and grabbed the bottle of water to refill the glass, then reached it out to Cas and watched as his twin took it with a thankful nod. Carefully, Castiel snaked his hand underneath Dean’s head and guided him into an upright position so that he could rest the glass against Dean’s lips and said, “Drink at least half of this, my dear.”
Dean cuddled himself closer against his chest and into Castiel’s arms and hummed. “Hmm… that sounds nice.”
“You really didn’t. Believe me, it was awesome. But was it really not weird for you? I mean, I see handsome twins, you see your brother have sex with me, that’s bound to get weird. You know Sam and me, he’d surely die if he saw us together and I’d want to have my eyes bleached if I ever saw him stick his dick into someone.”
And yeah, Dean could at least pretend that he saw what Castiel and Jimmy were telling him when he looked in the mirror if it meant that his boyfriends were satisfied and he got to feel like
“Ever had a side part?” Her answer was a head-shake. “Well, you’re getting one now. I think this’ll look great on you.” She started with dampening his hair a bit, using the water in the bowl, and then massaged some of the pomade into it. Next, she combed his hair neatly forward on the left side until clear lines were revealing his scalp. Dean was completely still as she started creating a slightly diagonal line, beginning just under the cowlick at the back of his head. She listened to his even breaths and concentrated on separating his hair along one line with the end of her comb to form the parting. When she was done with that, Jessica used the comb to brush his sides until she was satisfied with the outcome.
Dean met his eyes at that and grinned, righting himself and taking off his jacket, throwing it onto the normal chair in the corner of the studio. While doing so, Jimmy watched as the fabric of his white t-shirt stretched across his chest and shoulders and made small room for imagining what was underneath. As unprofessional as it was, Jimmy couldn’t wait to see Dean without a shirt – he’d probably get some pretty good spank bank material just from that.
Letting his head fall back into the fluffy pillow with an indignant snort, Dean muffled, “That’s creepy, y’know,” into the fabric and shifted his hips to get into a more comfortable position. The crinkly sounds of the comforter and bedsheets underneath drew Cas’ attention and he watched, delighted, as the fabric traveled down Dean’s body and revealed more skin. The green-eyed had an amazing body and the curve of his ass and spine was just mesmerizing – Castiel found himself entirely enthralled by it until Dean turned his head again and mumbled, “You’re not gonna say anything about it?”
The intense gaze they shared was interrupted by Sam clearing his throat loudly, looking at the pair with raised eyebrows and narrowed eyes. “No dirty talk in front of Sam, thanks.”
, Dean could feel the solid line of Cas’ hard dick through the denim of his jeans and it pulled a moan out of him.
He turned his mind off while Jimmy pounded him, moaning like a wanton whore as the man ravished him, his entire body wrecking with the force of his thrusts. Dean felt his orgasm right underneath the surface and he knew it wouldn’t take much longer until he snapped like a twig and came all over their bellies, but he tried to stave it off for as long as possible to obey Cas’ orders.
“See?” the Dom asked with a wide smile before grasping Dean’s face in his hand and drawing him into a passionate kiss before adding, “he loves it,” in-between kisses. When they broke apart, he locked his eyes on to Dean’s and directed the next words at his Sub, “Don’t you, sweetheart? You love being full… love when all your little holes are stuffed to the brim,” after which another loud groan filled the silence as Dean’s body shuddered, probably in time to the pulses running through his cock.
“You really think I’d still be alive if he’d found out?” Dean asked drily, only half-joking, his eyebrows raising. “I made sure he’d never find out. Besides, I didn’t even like that I felt this way back then, so I didn’t truly act on it.”
Without answering, Cas reached into another bag and pulled out a pair of jade green panties that were just as satiny as the ones Dean wore last night. At the sight, he was being remembered of his hard-on, but there was a smile breaking out across his face anyway and Castiel grinned as well. “I thought he’d need something to match his eyes.”
“Is that what you do?” Jimmy asked suddenly, sitting down on the bed to take off his socks while looking at Cas expectantly, “I mean, stuff like dirty talk?”
Turning around slowly to face Dean, Jimmy placed his hands on the blonde’s shoulders and pulled him close to his body, his fingers curling around the back of his neck, and then they were kissing once again. Their noses bumped against each other and Jimmy had to angle his face differently to have better access to Dean’s delicious mouth. When he pushed his tongue inside now, the angle allowed him to reach new, deeper parts of it and he gladly explored everything he was offered, licking against the roof of Dean’s mouth and meeting Dean’s tongue in a filthy, wet slide.
“No, Castiel,” Again, a twitch in his pants as his erection began to fill out rather rapidly, even though Benny didn’t know why. Perhaps it was because he hadn’t seen his friend in such an intimate scene as this one in a long time, but it was still weird.
The only answer they received, though, was a shrug. “I’m so sorry I lied to you both. I just… I didn’t want you to worry. It isn’t even as bad as it seems. But I’m sorry. I’m sorry I disappointed you, Cas. I’ll do better. I swear. Please, don’t hate me…”
“Nice to see you, too, Cas.” He closed the door and took off his coat, hanging it on the rack and smiling widely. “Merry Christmas, by the way.”
in addition to all the other ways he was being stimulated, was enough to tip him over the edge after only a few minutes and his release swept over him like a tidal wave, leaving Dean gasping for air as Cas withdrew his lips, quaking as Jimmy followed with a moan. Dean had half a mind to feel the subsequent hot splash of come coating his insides while trying to keep his eyes open as Jimmy rolled out the waves of orgasm until there was nothing left to come, falling against Dean ravenously, resting his chest on Dean’s cum-coated one.
Thinking about it, Cas said, “I want to be your Dom in the future, Dean. And maybe we could even involve Jimmy in it, if it's something we decide we want. But I don't want us to rush into anything. There's no pressure.” He paused, his hand curling more tightly around Dean’s ribs, holing him possessively. “You're already now so much more than we could have ever hoped for. Whatever we decide to make out of this relationship, we’ll go slow about it.”
It was a whisper and Dean’s hot breath caressed his cheek in a seductive way that has Castiel opening and closing his mouth like a fish. He is at a lack of words and all he can do is blink at Dean.
“Well, it sounds nice too, but I truly am interested in it. Seriously.” He ended his sentence with a peck on Dean’s cheek and smiled at him.
“Awesome,” Dean mumbled, swinging his legs over the mattress to place his feet on the floor. He had to close his eyes at the impact of the headache on his body at the motion and he managed to press out a “will do” past his clenched teeth to answer the nurse’s call to “take it easy and not forget your medication.”
Dean’s hips bucked as he moaned softly, and Cas never wanted to rim someone as bad as he did then. So, he gave in to his allure and pulled Dean’s asscheeks as far apart as possible, seeking out his waiting rim once more, though not to place a kiss to it this time, instead to give it a long and rough lick without any warning, at which Dean’s back arched at the same time as a loud and rumbling moan was pulled out of him.
WARNING: mild panic attack (same tag as before and I swear that's gonna be the end of this angsty-stage. Dean is getting used to the fact that two people do, in fact, care about him dearly) ALSO, things are getting serious real fast for our boys.
There was a loud growl followed by a smack and Castiel’s eyes flew back open to see Jimmy wrapping his palms around Michael’s neck to press him against the brick wall while simultaneously strangling their brother. And in his entire life, Cas had never seen his twin as angry as he was right now, yelling, “you fucking piece of shit! Who do you think you are? How dare you come here and harass our boyfriend, after
In the corner of the room, where there was only glass, was another shelf filled with a few books and behind it, a bigger plant called Bird of Paradise, if Jimmy remembered correctly. Next to it was already the sliding door for their roof terrace and when Cas had opened it to show Dean the sunbeds they had bought for it, the blonde had practically been over the moon, not able to stop standing there and looking around in amazement.
“Nah, I’m not ‘exhausted’ after sex or even a scene. I dunno, I just feel so content and warm, that I drift into that comfortable state and it’s hard to pull back out of it, you know?”
It made Sam feel at peace somehow. It wasn’t much different from the sunny mornings he would wake up next to Jess and play with her hair – that always made him feel at peace as well. Of course, this had nothing to do with romantic feelings but the fact that they were both family; in a different kind of sense. Jessica was the love of his life and he wanted to share the rest of his life with her, build a family. And Dean was his family, the only one he ever knew. He wanted him in his life as his brother just as much as he wanted Jess in his life as his partner. In a way, Sam saw him as his brother, best friend, and father-figure at once.
The two of them entered the dining room and Castiel took his seat again, while Jimmy placed down next to him and served himself his meal. Jimmy and Castiel had always been the only ones who got along together in this family. When they had turned five years old, their father had decided that he couldn’t stand Naomi for another twenty years of marriage and left. Their brother Raphael wasn’t interested in them the slightest and only came to those ‘festivities’ because he wanted their mother’s money and the other one had up and left years ago and never called again.
Cas’ loud and content humming pulled him back out of his reverie and he looked at his boyfriend in the mirror, watching as his eyes closed and mouth opened in pleasure. “Mhhh… I want to kiss every square inch of your body, shower it with praise and affection because you’re
And while Jimmy was the preserving one, gladly waiting for Dean to finally show his surprise when he wanted to, Castiel was rather impatient and commanding, so it was no surprise when Dean felt a body press up behind him where he still stood at the kitchen island in front of the sink, a soft pair of lips kissing along the column of his neck making his skin break out in goosebumps.
Still, Cas wanted to wrap Dean up in his arms and never let go again, to feel his warmth against his own body, nuzzle against his neck, and breathe him in. He wanted to assure Dean that everything was going to be fine now and that they would always protect him, but somehow he felt like they’ve failed him in that part already. It made him impossibly sick only thinking that they could’ve prevented this all from happening if they’d just
He’d been pretty turned on from the get-go, preparing sandwiches for his boyfriends in just a pair of panties and imagining their reactions, but ever since his foot had landed in Castiel’s lap, Dean knew he wouldn’t be leaving the kitchen without having come first.
“It’s a surprise, Cas,” Jimmy explained in a soft voice, seeing his twin swallow thickly. “Your boyfriend is waiting for his Dom.”
He sighed, not sure how to answer this question. “I don’t know where it went wrong or what I did wrong. He told me that it’s nothing I have done but I can’t stop wondering if it was after all. In the morning, we woke up just as we fell asleep – Dean in my arms – and it felt good. I felt content and warm and the best thing about all that was that Dean told me he was a sexual Submissive because he wore a wristband that symbolized it and I asked him about it. He is all my inner desires and needs combined in one very handsome and amazing person and I just let him walk out on me because he freaked out… he thought it wasn’t anything special to me and he told me that, for him, it was and that it meant a lot. And I was just so overwhelmed by everything happening and confused about all those feelings and emotions because they were so much and very new to me and I just let him walk out without telling him that it meant a lot to me as well because I usually don’t share secrets and affection with strangers.” After he finished his sentence, Castiel let out a deep breath and realized that his eyes had welled up during his confession. “I just feel like I missed my shot at happiness with him and I don’t even know why, because I don’t really know him and I have never felt like this. It’s overwhelming and strange… What am I supposed to do now?”
“Yeah, I guess. No sexual or romantic relationship between the two of you but you’ll be sharing the same partner in a polyamorous relationship, which would be me. Got it. Like two separate in one. Like when– when people ask if you have a boyfriend, you two’d answer with yes, and I’d say that I have two? Yeah…” Following Dean’s train of thought had Cas smiling fondly and he nodded when the blonde looked at him in search of an affirmation.
loved him – and that his place in their lives was what had been missing all along. After about forty minutes of straining his every muscle to keep from sinking down on the rubber and one almost-impalement, Dean had finally relented and accepted the fact that they were telling him the truth and didn’t just say it because they felt sorry for him. Jimmy and Cas had freed him of the rope and praised him for being good, laid him down on the couch with them, and continued praising as Castiel had massaged his thighs and calves – which had been quivering for quite a while from exhaustion – and asked him to never belittle their love for him.
Shaking his head with a big smile on his face, Jimmy reminded, “I take steaming hot showers, no way you’re gonna get me in there.”
Nodding faintly, Dean met his eyes again and whispered, “Yeah. He did it before once and I told him that I never wanted to try whips or canes with him again and that he should stick to the basics.” Behind them, Jimmy shifted into a more upright position to be able to look at Cas and Dean, following their conversation intently as their boyfriend said, “It was two weeks ago.”
Dean nods eagerly, watching with heavy-lidded eyes as Castiel begins to press forward and inside as carefully as possible, slowly pushing the head past his rim. Dean tries really hard to relax, Castiel knows, but he’s still unconsciously fighting against the intrusion and Castiel just can’t have that; can’t hurt Dean. He stops and strokes Dean’s side again, watching him hold his breath and waiting for him to meet his eyes. When Dean does, Castiel soothes: “shhh, Dean, you have to keep breathing. In… and out.” Dean exhales shakily and takes a deep breath, and Castiel feels the younger man relax around him. “Yes, just like that. Breathe. Concentrate on your breathing and I will do the rest, okay?”
He felt like he was stuck to his spot while his mind made up possible things that could’ve happened. “What is it? Do you want to talk about it?”
The toy he was holding in his hand now was a unique one as well, with its candy-colored pour, medium firmness so that the silicon squished whenever Dean tightened his hand around it, and enormous girth. It was a large size and one of the biggest – though not longest – ones they owned with an 8.5 circumference of the shaft and 8 inches total length, though not the entire shaft was insertable because of the base.
The thought of being left in a cock cage for a day turned him on even more and instead of getting back to resume watching the show, he switched off the TV and climbed the stairs, leaving the bedroom door open after entering it. He thought about what to do now since he still had a bit of time until Jimmy would come home and weighed his options; he could either sit around and wait or take a totally unnecessary nap… or he could take care of that semi in his pants and make himself feel good. Castiel’s warning was in the back of his mind, telling him to behave or get punished for disobeying, and the mere thought of getting a spanking or something else – maybe a day in a cock cage – made his dick twitch with anticipation and he made up his mind.
Grinning, Jimmy stood up and reached for Dean’s hands to tug him off of the bed and help him stand as well, turning around and watching Castiel with expectant eyes, who started chuckling and left the bed, too. “You’re eager,” he noticed, raising a suspicious brow at his twin.
It took about three layers to finally cover it up and by the time he had deposited the paint can and all that stuff, collected the last of his things, and brought them into his Baby, then went back upstairs to check if he was ready to go and grabbed his abandoned phone to check the time, it was another twenty minutes later and there were a ton of missed calls and worried texts from Cas and Jimmy, even Sam.
“But you would, right?” Cas insisted, his expression turning into one of worry. “If I hurt you or crossed a limit, if I made you uncomfortable… you would use your safeword and not feel bad about it, right?”
After that, they went about their morning as usual, they talked about what they wanted to do after work over breakfast that Dean had prepared, went upstairs and took showers, then got dressed and ready for work. Dean was always the first to leave, though, and Jimmy should have known that Cas would see that as his chance to talk to him, now that they were alone.
Castiel relished Dean’s warmth and pressed his face into the back of his neck, breathing him in. Dean smelled of sex and his own delicious scent and Cas couldn’t get enough of that intoxicating mixture. They laid like that for a while, without speaking, until Cas broke the silence by whispering, “Stay, Dean.”
Jimmy nodded, taking Dean’s hand and assuring, “Yes. I won’t die, don’t worry. I just came so close to blowing my load in my pants without having even laid a finger on my dick and it’s kinda new to me, so…”
Dean smirked and Jimmy grabbed his hands to let himself be pulled off the mattress by him, getting to his feet right in front of him. “Will we even fit in there together?”
Opening his eyes slowly, Dean only hesitated for a second before meeting their eyes and whispering, “Yeah…”
In the background, Jimmy could still hear the shower running and he ached to be close to Dean right now, feel him, and hold him in his arms to make sure he was alright. And when the urge to do just that got close to overwhelming and he felt like he might break if he didn’t assure himself of Dean’s well-being, Jimmy gave Cas a quiet ‘thanks’ and excused himself, then walked into the bathroom and took off his clothes. He almost tripped with how fast he tried to get rid of his pants and socks – at the same time – and joined Dean in the shower only a minute later in record time.
Meeting his eyes, Jimmy replied, shrugging, “I didn’t mind Cas being with us either. During sex, I was too concentrated on making you feel good, bringing myself closer to the edge, and touching you all over to really even pay attention to Cas.”
Dean sobbed, his whole body deflating with disappointment and probably frustration over the fact that Cas wouldn’t let him come for the third – or fourth? – time, but he was quick to pull the sound out of Dean’s throbbing penis and ordered, “I will give you three strokes, if you can’t come then, you won’t come in another thirty minutes,” into the crook of his neck before scraping his teeth across the skin.
Castiel watched his hands gliding down along the length of Dean’s spine and coming to a rest at the swell of his ass before he asked, out of pure curiosity, “Dean, is this your first full body massage?” He parted his hands so that his fingers reached Dean’s sides and started kneading the flesh right above his hip bones, occasionally pressing his fingertips into the skin of his waist but avoiding his ticklish spots.
“Well, I think this is an exception,” Castiel chuckled and grinned widely when he looked down at Dean, who began to stir and blinked open his eyes. For a moment, he seemed to have problems orienting himself, but once he moved his body and heard the sound of sloshing water, he sat up straight and gazed at Jimmy.
Instead, he started touching Dean because he loved that he was allowed to do that, he loved being the only one beside Cas who got to see him like that and knew Dean loved it just as much. He used one of his hands to stroke across Dean’s chest, brushing his nipples, while the other was slowly jerking his hard dick, pushing his pelvis into his tight fist in rhythm to his rocking motions. It felt absolutely amazing and Jimmy had the most stunning view in the world to jerk off to, and he loved the feel of his lover’s sleep-warm body underneath his own, but after a while, it just wasn’t enough.
Dean’s chest rumbled with laughter at the story and Jimmy smiled down at the emerging tattoo fondly. “God, I wish I had been there to see that. I bet your mother was anything but happy to hear that…”
“Thank you, Jimmy. Not just for the tat, for being you and talking to me. It was really nice.” Dean withdrew from the hug to lock his eyes onto Jimmy’s. “I feel closer to you, now… somehow.”
For the first time in what seemed like a long while, the stranger took his eyes off of him and stared at Cas with an amused expression, but not before he let his gaze linger on the collar around Dean’s neck. “What? You own him?”
Castiel tightened his grip on Dean’s other hand and caressed his side lovingly. “We love you. Always.”
There was a sweet smile on Dean’s lips and Jimmy chuckled softly, saying, “Would have taken you for the loud and bratty type.”
Starting to pick up the ropes he would need and draping them neatly over his arm, Cas asked, “Have you ever had problems with your back? Any injuries?”
Laughing slightly, Dean whispered, “Flirt,” and went back to stuffing yogurt into his mouth. So, Jimmy and Cas dug back in as well and they ate the rest of their breakfast in companionable silence while they focused their attention on the TV in front of them.
As careful as never, Cas had wrapped both of his large hands around Dean’s collar-free neck and told him to give a signal as soon as he started feeling weak or felt himself getting lightheaded and his vision began to blur. Then he had tightened his grip around Dean’s neck and squeezed the sides at first, trying to warm Dean up by cutting off the blood flow before truly starting to choke Dean. Different than during any other scene before, Jimmy had been able to watch how scared and worried Cas had been that something might go wrong, and he had stopped squeezing twice before Dean had given him any signal because he had thought Dean might start to faint and would safeword soon. He’d warned him that if he didn’t give him a signal, he would just stop when he thought it was enough, but Dean had promised to give him a signal this time, which he really did. But Castiel had been more worried than ever before and Dean had almost fainted before the Sub had given his signal. It had been too close a call for Cas, so he’d stopped after that, even though Dean hadn’t been happy about it.
A moment later, Castiel pulled the fingers back out of his mouth with a pop, making sure that they were slick enough, before giving Dean one nod to indicate that he was good to start. And Dean, their beautiful good boy, was eager to comply and show just how good he could be for them.
Letting go completely of Dean’s shoulders, Sam sat back and stared up at him with an expectant expression. “You feeling better now?”
Jimmy hadn’t even thought about that himself. Thinking about it, he never really did. When they were in a scene together, everything was intense and thrilling and he was always way too concentrated on Dean and his responses to even care whether he or Cas got to have sex with Dean. The only thing that mattered then was to please their boyfriend the way he pleased them – to make him feel good.
Suddenly, the room went silent for a very short moment, everyone stopping in their tracks, before Sam sputtered loudly, almost choking on his own spit, and Jessica and Cas erupted in loud laughter. When Dean looked at Jimmy once more, there was a deep blush covering his cheeks and the tips of his ears, and his eyebrows were raised in an accusing expression, which he directed towards Dean.
Burying his face into the back of Dean’s neck, Castiel took another deep breath to inhale his delicious scent and relished the sensation of the spiky, soft tips of his hair as they tickled his face. After a while, he murmured, “You could have that.”
In the meantime, he lifted his hips off the mattress once more and traced his slick cleft with the finger of his right hand until it reached his stretched rim, then slid it around his stretched muscle to circle the toy and hopefully tease his Doms some more. He did that a few times until he could practically feel Jimmy and Cas growing impatient, and then grabbed the base of the rubber to twist it around a bit. It hurt more than Dean had anticipated and he groaned as pain shot through his ass, so he turned it back around with another pitiful groan and pulled it halfway out. The audible gasp coming from one of his boyfriends at this was worth the pain though and Dean pushed it back into his hole, then stopped before it was even all the way inside, only to pull it back out and thrust it in again.
Castiel held his breath as he waited for Dean to yell at him to mind his own business and rush out of his apartment, but that didn’t come. Instead, Dean just let out a shaky breath and clutched his hands a bit firmer. “Michael… he’s into impact play, he doesn’t use toys anymore, only his fists. Sometimes, he just forgets whatever limits I set up…” Castiel took in a long breath to calm himself and closed his eyes. Hearing that hurt more than Castiel had anticipated and now he had the sudden urge to slam his fist into this Michael’s face just like he did Dean’s. The blonde must have felt Castiel’s remorse, because he caressed his clenched fists and reassured, “It’s not that bad, it could be good, you know. I’d really enjoy a good whipping or being flogged, I guess. He just doesn’t do it for both our sexual gratification, it’s more to satisfy himself. And I hate when he starts punching my face. Sure, being slapped around during sex turns me on, but not when he ignores a limit and gives me a black eye.”
“We should give you a spanking for that,” Cas rasped into his ear in a low and seductive voice and Dean jumped, only now realizing that he had zoned out while thinking.
“Yeah,” he agreed with a nod, swallowing audibly. Jimmy was still staring at him and if Cas would have concentrated on his blue eyes, he’d been able to see them darkening with lust. Dean swallowed again, his eyes not breaking contact with Jimmy’s, and Cas smiled broadly, latching his lips onto his nape to suck softly at the skin. “Fuck…” Dean cursed breathlessly, leaning into his touch automatically, and Cas was sure he heard his twin chuckle darkly. “I want you.”
After they watched the game together, Sam had somehow managed to convince Dean to go to a bar with him, even though Dean had warned him that he would not drink anything at all except for a soda.
“Look at you, Dean,” Castiel demanded softly and Dean had no other option but to obey, looking at himself in the mirror as Cas brushed his big hands slowly up and down his belly and then his chest. “You’re so strong; you’ve been strong for your entire life. Stronger than anyone I’ve ever met. You’ve been through so much more than anyone ever should,” Cas rasped against the juncture of his neck, palming his pec before sliding his hand up further to pinch a nipple, making Dean gasp silently, “and yet, your soul is pure and beautiful. And outside, you’re just as stunning.”
He shifted slightly, sliding closer to Dean in the water and reveling in the feel of Dean’s legs wrapped around his waist. Then a thought hit him and he smiled, stroking Dean’s chest and tracing the lines of the tattoo there. “Dean?”
A moment later, Dean decided to have given them enough time to ogle and turned around, lower body still wrapped up in this blanket as if hiding what was underneath to keep it a secret, and slowly made his way off the bed to walk towards them, hips still swaying to the music, which was so soft, that Jimmy couldn’t even make out the song.
Castiel grabbed a pillow from the floor beside the bed and leaned over Dean to gently guide his head off the mattress and put the pillow underneath. The blonde smiled fondly up at Cas and shifted his shoulders slightly to get into a more comfortable position and Jimmy’s heart swelled in his chest.
Dean decided to stop the foreplay at this point and grabbed the condom, ripped the foliage open, and let it fall to the sheets while he shifted on top of Jimmy to have a better hold of his flushed cock. When he rolled the rubber down on him with a taunting grin, Jimmy squeezed his eyes shut and threw his head back into the mattress, barely suppressing a moan. Especially when Dean started to give his cock a few strokes that were nice and long but not enough and he had to bite his lip to stop from making a desperate sound. After a moment of trying to get back some control over his body, Jimmy opened his eyes again and found himself pinned by Dean’s hungry, appreciative gaze and satisfied smirk.
Annoyed, Castiel said, “Merry Christmas,” and barely restrained himself from rolling his eyes at him.
Grasping his cock in one hand to guide it against Dean’s entrance, Cas watched as he teased his Sub a little more by rubbing his blunt head against his hole without slipping inside, going to enter Dean and pushing against his opening only to hover and then stop entirely. “What’s your color, Dean?”
“I dunno,” Dean shrugged, his lips brushing against Jimmy’s as he talked. “It was nice. The people were great and they even let me go earlier today since it’s my first day, and I guess I’m just so happy that everything is fine in my life for once.”
Once he walked out of the shower, he realized that he had been in there for thirty minutes – it was the first time that he ever took such a long one – and he hurried to rummage through his underwear and pick the new pair of panties Castiel had brought him. Slipping into them, Dean sighed at the feel of this soft and satiny fabric on his skin before putting on a shirt and comfortable pants. His hair was still dripping when he walked down the stairs and grinned when he saw that Jimmy and Cas were already waiting for him at the table with their plates in front of them, the chair between them empty and another plate in the spot in front of it.
“Oh, he is. Believe me,” Cas assured, starting to take off his clothes to change for bed. Jimmy followed suit and they listened to the water run in the room beside them, smiling broadly as they imagined Dean all hot and bothered underneath the spray.
Chuckling, Cas mused, “He probably won’t get out of that bathtub for a week,” making Jimmy laugh slightly.
Dean’s voice broke when he said, “I know I was lost and weak and a failure when I went back to school and sought out Alastair. We started fucking again and it just got more extreme and harsher with each meeting. So much so, that I started to have long-lasting bruises that I tried to hide from Sammy. I was in pain almost constantly but I was being touched by someone and not quite ready to feel cold again. So I paid the cost and kept going.
Stuffing his hands into the back pockets of his jeans, Sam fixed them with a suspicious look and raised his shoulders. “I know this must be some new kind of experience for you two and I understand that it seems like a great opportunity to strengthen your bond by dating the same guy, but I swear… if you don’t mean this or if this is some kind of game to you, I’ll need you to leave, now.”
And so they managed to pull through three weeks away from Dean without minutes seeming to drag by and time to stay still, suddenly finding themselves packing their bags and meeting at the airport to visit their boyfriend for his birthday.
It was so peaceful, just sitting there, sipping on their coffees, and cuddling close to each other. Castiel could have never imagined that his life would look like this with other partners but with Dean, he could imagine everything. The man brought such brightness and consonance into their lives, so much joy and love, and Cas didn’t know how to make this up to him. Everything in his life revolved around Dean now, every decision he made, every thought. He was occupying his every dream, good or bad, even though Castiel hated waking up sweating and breathing harshly whenever he dreamt of Dean dying or leaving.
Dean looked miserable, his eyes puffy and half-lidded. “Do you want to talk about whatever’s going on in that head of yours?” Another shrug as Dean averted his eyes, so Jessica tried anew, “You seemed like you were having a great time last night. Is it true that he didn’t hurt you or do you just don’t wanna scare Sam?”
“You’re g’nna come home, Cas.” He sputters and more blood comes oozing out of his mouth. “Tell S’mmy… Tell him I’ve found th’one.” Dean gathers enough strength to lift his arm and is about to reach Castiel’s face when suddenly, he goes completely still and his arm drops back to his side, the specks of gold in his eyes – through which Castiel used to be able to see Dean’s kind and bright soul – gone and all there’s left is the memory of its former vibrancy.
Nodding his head faintly, Dean answered, “Yes, Castiel,” in a rough voice and swallowed once, watching as Jimmy approached them with a bottle of lube and a steel urethral sound that seemed to be at least 12 inches long with less than an inch circumference of the shaft.
When Dean was done, he let go of his cock and placed a tender kiss on it, and Jimmy couldn’t help himself. He grasped Dean’s face with his hands before he could sit back straight and pulled it into his own, smashing their lips together in a heated kiss that got sweeter with each passing slide of their tongues. Breaking the kiss to breathe again, Jimmy placed one more kiss to his mouth before letting him go and watching him straighten his back and leaning into Cas’ touch when the Dom wrapped his huge palms around his hips, fingers stroking the soft skin of his groin.
“Wha– why are you home already? What’s… what are you doing?” Cas had possibly never before stumbled across his own words as much as he did now but Dean had turned back around to flip whatever was in the pan and his satin-clad ass was on full display for Castiel’s eyes, as if that was going to be the main course. Cas sure didn’t have a problem with that…
Dean lifted his head and looked at Castiel without hesitation, for which he received a smile from Cas. “Second, if I ask you a question, you’ll answer verbally.”
Having sex with Dean would never get old, Jimmy just knew. Penetrating him was always enough to make him breathless because, no matter how often he’d had sex with them or how loose he was, Dean’s channel was generally tighter than the one of a vagina, and while he had enjoyed vaginal sex a little bit more than anal before he’d met Dean, now he couldn’t imagine ever feeling something else. It sounded weird, he knew, but maybe it was because of all the preparations that came with anal sex; the way Dean made sure he was always clean for them, the fact that they always had to prep him beforehand, and that it was a much more vulnerable area which meant that they had to be careful, or it had also something – a great deal – to do with the fact that it was
Jimmy laughed and put the dirty dishes from his breakfast and lunch into the sink to wash them later with one hand while he held his cell in the other. “Well, if you’re not going to tell me, I can’t be of any help to you, Miss.” There was a sharp and loud laugh at the other end of the line and Jimmy grimaced while chuckling.
Placing Dean’s keys back on the coffee table in the living room, Cas met his eyes with a small smile and said, “Morning. You seem groggy, everything okay? Has Dean already woken up?” While he asked those questions, Castiel brought the bags into the kitchen and started pulling out groceries to place them in the fridge.
It took some more coaxing and shaking his body slightly until Dean blinked up at them through foggy eyes as if trying to orient himself. They helped him drink a little more water, fed him a granola bar, cuddled with him, and talked to him, still praising, and though Dean managed to keep his eyes somewhat open, he was unresponsive to questions and seemed to be more in a deep daze than truly here with them. It shouldn’t have worried Cas yet because Dean was always like that afterward but he had the unsettling sense that something was off.
Wrapping his lips around the head of Dean’s cock, Jimmy slid his tongue across and around it, before readjusting his hand around his cock and giving one very long swipe right across the slit. The blonde squirmed and gasped and Jimmy lived for those noises and he freaking loved how sensitive Dean was after sex. Just touching his testicles was enough to make him writhe, but his slit –
Jimmy shrugged once and defended himself by saying, “You don’t notice it when you stand in the center of it.”
A brief pause where she wrote on her paper again, and then she met their gazes and asked, “Would that be all?”
Nodding, Dean bit his lip and craned his neck to kiss his boyfriend chastely, snaking his tongue into his mouth to deepen it. A moan slipped out of him without his permission when Castiel gripped the back of his neck to angle Dean’s face, diving right into his mouth to ravish him. And yeah, Dean might have initiated this kiss, but there was no doubt who was owning it now. It turned into a heavy make-out session pretty fast and Dean found himself breathless a few seconds later. When they parted, he needed a minute to calm down again and blushed as he realized that Castiel was staring at him with lust-blown and triumphant eyes.
“Stay awake a little longer until we’ve gotten you into a private room and you’ve had something to drink and eat, Dean. Don’t fall asleep yet,” Cas warned softly as he walked across the stage to press the button again, and Jimmy tightened his hold around Dean to make sure he didn’t fall now that the rope was no longer suspending him. Merely a few seconds after, Jimmy was able to hear a soft humming noise coming from Dean and he smiled fondly when he saw that Dean was drifting off to whatever place he went after a scene.
They both chuckled at that – because Jimmy had been thinking about that too, lately – and Cas propped himself up on his elbows, meeting Dean’s eyes and saying, “I already love you as much as humanly possible, Dean. I’m gay because I like men, which is not to say that I don’t occasionally feel attracted to femininity. But I can imagine you’d make for a beautiful woman. Regardless if you’d be pregnant or not.” He traced a finger along his spine and whispered, “Just know that you’re the most attractive, beautiful, sensual, sexy, pure-hearted–”
This wasn’t only practice for Dean, though, it was also a reward for doing so well during his punishment last night. Yesterday morning, Dean had been feeling the need to be punished and Cas had asked how much of a punishment he wanted, to which Dean had answered that he wanted it hard and unforgiving. And because Castiel took every one of Dean’s needs and wishes very seriously, even if it wasn’t always what Cas wanted for him, he had put on a cock cage – with a urethral plug – on Dean the same morning and said that he’d take control of his bladder for the rest of his punishment, which would only end the night – they had been able to do that because it had thankfully been a Saturday. He had informed Dean that he would decide if he got to relieve his bladder and if he deserved it or not and promised him to give him a cold enema later since he knew that this was a punishment that always worked with Dean.
Dean barely kept the whine from slipping out of him at those words… because didn’t that just sound fucking exhausting? He’d been on this for almost an hour now, fifty minutes of fucking himself open with toys in varying sizes and being on the brink of coming. And just the thought of having to endure four orgasms after this was enough to make him sag with exhaustion. But he had agreed to this scene and he wanted to please his Doms, so he hurried to get a grip on his emotions and took a few more calming breaths, before grabbing his last toy and knee-walking back into the center of the bed where the bottle of lube had been abandoned earlier as Cas returned to his spot in front of the bed next to Jimmy.
Blinking a few times, he pressed his ass back into Jimmy and felt his hot and hard cock sliding deeper into him and he sighed. It was also then that he realized that he was truly aroused and his own cock was hard as well where it was trapped between his thigh and mattress.
“Is there anything else, Dean?” Cas questioned, looking at him with cautious and soft eyes. “If there is something on your mind while we try something like this, then you could get hurt or drop afterward, and I will not put you into such a risk, Dean.”
Dean’s smirk only got bigger from then on and he continued, “God, and the way your fucking voices sound, so rough and low and raspy… you could read me the fucking phone book for an hour and I’d get off on that without putting a damn hand on me.”
Once his breathing slowed, he sat up straight in the bed, looking at Jimmy and then Castiel with the most innocent face he had ever seen on the blonde and asked, “What’s the matter, Cas?” His voice was soft and void of any traces of his orgasm and Cas smiled wickedly.
“So what about it?” He asked, shrugging, “You two have seen me naked before. ‘s nothing you haven’t already had the pleasure to discover.”
Unless it was to confuse him and fuck with his mind, which, if it had really been their intention, started to work already…
“You sure?” Dean asked, watching as he walked back towards them with a wet towel and pecked his lips once.
Dean merely laid his eyes on the tattoo from where he was sitting and smiled contently. “Looks great. I won’t need that, I trust you.”
Slowly, Dean set a pace with his hips, rolling down on Jimmy’s lap, his movements matching the rhythm of the music. It was like his dance from earlier, only that it was far better now that they could feel each other. He could feel his lover’s ass pressing down on his cock and Dean’s erection rubbing against his stomach, and
That was also what Dean had explained to Sam when he asked why he was into BDSM. He had been scared that Dean needed the pain for whatever reason his brain thought of but he told Sam that it was his mind that he could turn off only during scenes and that he needed those moments of clarity and peace to stay sane. Sam, of course, had understood what he meant and so Dean left it there. He didn’t have to tell him that a bit extra pain was always welcome, it would’ve only worried him.
“Cas, you know Dean. It wasn’t something that you’ve done, it was probably just the fact that he said ‘yellow’ and he didn’t know how we’d react because he’s had bad experiences using the word before.”
About fifteen minutes later, Cas decided to draw Dean a nice and warm bath and once the tub was filled and ready, they carried their boyfriend into the bathroom. Cas sat down first in the tub so that Jimmy could lift Dean into it gently, placing his drowsy form between Cas’ legs and against his chest before stepping into the water and sitting down in the tub as well, facing Dean and Castiel.
After that, Dean just watched Jimmy finish his tattoo in comfortable silence. It didn’t take that long, just about 30 minutes, and Jimmy was happy with the outcome. It looked great on Dean’s chest and he couldn’t wait to show him the result in the mirror.
“Do you want to watch a movie? I have Netflix, although I don’t really watch it.” He took a seat next to Dean on the sofa and grabbed the remote to turn on the TV. They had some space between each other but not enough that Cas didn’t feel Dean’s body heat anymore. It was like he was radiating off warmth and it felt amazing. Cas wanted to just slide over and press his front against him to take it all in.
Sliding his palm from the top of Dean’s lovely butt down his thigh to where the rope dug into his skin deliciously, Cas asked, “How are you feeling, Dean?” He watched him wiggle his rear just the slightest, hissing at the stretch of the hook inside him from the motion and he reminded, “I told you to keep still or you’d feel it. The hook will pull at your hole every time you make a move.”
Dean merely smiled widely to show that he was happy to see Cas this happy and Jimmy crawled further into the bed as well to place a kiss to his lips. “Do you want to take a bath?”
The blonde turned to look at him with wide and amused eyes, a smirk playing on his mouth as he teased, “You call me baby? When?”
Throughout their days together in their new home, Dean had gotten to learn a lot about the twins that he hadn’t known before. It was great because he now knew things like the fact that Cas had a slight kink for taking him whenever, wherever – to Dean’s delight – and during this rather short time, they had already covered more than half of every surface in their apartment during sex. Jimmy, on the other hand, liked sex the most when they were still in bed, freshly woken up. Maybe it had something to do with that thing of his – this getting aroused while Dean was asleep. But he didn’t mind at all.
He tugged at it just faintly and let it pop out of his mouth, smirking as Dean moaned again. “God, you’re very responsive, Dean.” And that was only his nipple… Castiel could feel his cock harden at the mere thought of the sounds Dean would make if he licked and teased something else entirely. Just to tease Dean some more, Castiel repeated his ministrations on the other nipple until Dean started squirming in his lap and Cas took pity on him. When he went back to his neck and started leaving a trail of open-mouthed kisses along the same line that he traced with his finger, Dean arched his neck to expose it to him but then made a sound between pleasure and pain and Cas stopped, meeting Dean’s eyes worriedly. “Are you hurt?”
Nodding, Dean draped his arms across the back of the chair, hands gripping the stiles on each side, and arched his back to display his ass. Cas crouched down behind him and grabbed the Sub’s thighs to spread his legs wider so that each knee was positioned in front of a chair leg, then stroked his palm along Dean’s spine soothingly, which made Dean sigh and dip his head forward between his arms. He was still trembling but Jimmy supposed that this was due to the anticipation and not because of his almost-panic attack, even though he was slightly hiccuping from the crying.
Castiel woke up with a quiet groan in the back of his throat, blinking his eyes open to take a look around. Once he was conscious enough that sounds registered to him, he realized that the alarm of his phone had woken him and sighed heavily as he grabbed it to turn it off.
“I got a job as a mechanic and was happy with it. Through the club, I also met Benny, my first real friend. I enjoyed spending time with him and one night, we even came closer to one another and ended up having sex, which was what took away my fear of sleeping with men. And for the first time, everything was just fine and I enjoyed myself as much as never before. It was also the first time I truly got to experience just how much I really liked bottoming, but since Benny and I decided that this wasn’t the direction our friendship should take, we left it by that one time only and that’s when I met Michael.
“It’s not that I want to hide them, I just don’t want people to see the tattoos but not me. They’re biased the moment they see the ink and label you a punk or something. I don’t want that, so I chose to keep them for those people I want them to be seen by only. That’s what fascinates me about you. Cas told me you were wearing a wristband that says you’re a submissive and it’s just amazing how openly you deal with it and that you show everyone who you are. It takes a lot of strength.”
Once he had been sure they were both ready, the slick, wet sound of his hips colliding with his Sub’s with abandon and his cock and the rubber forcing their way inside again and again had filled the room, and Castiel had grown foggy from all the different sensations. Especially when he had reached a hand around his stomach and let his thumb trace the slightly distended curve of Dean’s belly, which was filled with their combined sperm. He had gone absolutely crazy then.
Dean is usually a sloppy-happy-touchy-feely drunk – even though he keeps denying it – but since they’ve been here, Castiel got to observe the broken drunk. The one that doesn’t laugh at every joke even though it wasn’t funny in the least, the one that doesn’t flirt with whoever he talks to every waking minute and turns every statement into a sarcastic retort. No; the one that seems to only bear keeping eye contact for a millisecond, before ducking his head and ignoring everyone around; the one that doesn’t get a word past his lips and seems to have lost his voice or any interest in speaking to his friends, like they don’t even matter to him.
Frowning, Dean said, “I dunno, there are not really any basics… but I guess you’re right. Cas should be fine with it if I present for him and listen to his orders. Just so you can get to know the kind of dynamic between a Sub and a Dom. And knowing Cas, it should still be a surprise. He likes being in control and caring for his partners,
Jimmy tracing a line of a bead of sweat on his chest down to his navel had Dean watching him as if in trance while Cas resumed sucking on his collarbone and probably licking off the salt of his skin. “You’re radiating heat,” Jimmy stated, grinning softly. “Is it because of Cas’ fantasy? Or the weather?”
The time read 9.24 am when the door to their apartment opened and Dean entered the living space. Jessica and Sam were having breakfast on the couch, watching some shitty TV, and they turned their heads to look at Dean as he closed the door and started towards his room.
There was a triumphant smile gracing his pink lips and Cas arched a brow at him, grinning softly and shaking his head in amused awe, eyes tracking down over Dean's body. “I thought you brought your clothes with you?”
It took a moment for him to get what Cas wanted and once it dawned on him, he corrected, “Thank you, Castiel,” and adverted his eyes.
“Fuck… I’m such an idiot. He probably thinks I regret it, even though I told him I wouldn’t.” There were shame and guilt written all over Dean’s face and Jimmy kissed his cheek in an attempt to reassure him. “How could I do this to him? Run out of him twice?!”
But that tiny part of him that was afraid of committing himself to two guys at once and live with them was not strong enough to quell the excitement and anticipation he felt when thinking about it.
His crotch pulsed with pain, and he made an attempt to push Michael off of him, but the man merely took his hands into his own and crushed his wrists against the wall to pin them above his head, hissing, “Did the same to me, didn't you, Dean? You knew exactly what power you hold over men like me, and you used it against me shamelessly. And you like it, right? You enjoy stealing people’s attention, making them want you, and once they get a taste of you, you wrap them around your fingers and corrupt them until all they can think about is
Grinning, he said, “Me too, have a good night. I’ll see you.” Dean waited for Castiel to hang up and once the peep signaled that the call was ended, he put his phone on top of the kitchen counter and grabbed the bottle of water he had placed there earlier this day, chugging almost all of it.
Nodding, Cas assured, “There’s no bone in my body that doubts this is going to work. I want this, Sam. And so does Jimmy. Dean has changed things for us, things that we thought we had to live with. Your brother is the most amazing person I have ever met and I want to give back just as much as he gave us. If this means to tell him every day how special and loved he is, then that’s something I’d do in a heartbeat. We’ll show him that there are people besides his family that care about him and that he can trust. And I’m so unbelievably sorry to hear that life has treated him wrong thus far, but we’ll change that. I swear to everything I hold sacred that we’ll never give up on Dean. I could never.” His voice wavered audibly when he said, “I love him, Sam.”
“‘S good,” he uttered with a smile, meeting Cas’ eyes. “Feels good and isn’t too tight. Nothing hurts.”
Dean was currently drinking his third beer, which was also going to be his last. Back when they had talked about rules and everything, Castiel had made clear that Dean nourish himself and keep a healthy lifestyle and had set the rule that he was only allowed to drink when they were either drinking with him or giving him allowance to, with a maximum of three bottles of beer or one shot of the harder stuff.
“It is a Dom’s task to take care of their Sub. I, specifically, not only need to have a physical connection to my Sub, but also an emotional one. I need a romantic relationship so I know that he’s mine only. Mine to care for, to bring him pleasure and make him feel good. So it’s my priority to assure his health and well-being, to make him feel safe and loved. Communication, trust, and each other’s consent is what’s most important to me.”
Dean smiled softly and pressed a kiss to Castiel’s knuckles. “Then put the collar back around my neck and show me.” Castiel shot up and out of the water like a mad man, surprising both Dean and Jimmy, and Dean chuckled, placing his hands on Cas’ arms to stop him. “But not before you assure me that you’re fine and this topic is over with now.”
Still, there was enough water inside him that it could be seen from outside, even if it was just a slight bulge, and it was also enough to spark another response of arousal inside of him.
Peeking down at his own body past Jimmy, Dean took in the red rope and hummed, turning big, bright eyes at Cas and asking, “Can I keep it on just a little longer? Until we’re back at the hotel?”
Nodding his head in understanding, Dean gave him a small and intimate smile and assumed, “So now that I made your fantasy come true, you asked what mine was to see if you could make it come true as well?”
“You’re funny,” Jimmy mused, still laughing slightly. Dean could feel the movement through his whole body and he smiled happily, sleep winning over.
The sight in front of him did nothing to calm him down when he opened his eyes again. Watching the expanse of Dean’s wonderful back, how his muscles moved underneath his skin with each move, watching Dean’s ass ride his cock and his head bob up and down in Castiel’s lap… He would be sure to congratulate Castiel later on his self-control for not thrusting up into Dean’s perfect face when all Jimmy wanted to do was place his hands on Dean’s delicious and displayed ass – which was still bruised from the spanking a few days ago, adorned with purple-blue spots – to spread his cheeks apart and watch himself disappear inside his hot channel. The angle would’ve been freaking perfect for observation.
“Yes, you’ve been brought in to the hospital last night, around 10,” the nurse informed with a frown and Dean’s mind wandered off to what had happened the night before. “What’s the year again?”
While slowly regaining consciousness, Dean reacted to that something by rocking back and he realized that it felt nice. And a moment later, he opened his eyes and stared at Castiel’s face right in front of his, smiling and with intense, deep blue eyes, as he finally registered what was going on.
Jimmy squirmed a few times, trying to get comfortable on the cushion, but it was to no avail with the boner he probably sported if Cas had a guess.
“You little liar you,” Cas mused, pointing an accusing finger at him and meeting his gaze with sparkling eyes. They were dark – well, maybe because they were in a dimly lit pub, but two beers in, and their constant teasing had created that exhilarating spark in his eyes that always managed to make Dean weak in the knees.
“Because we don’t know how you will react and we need you to be with us to be able to tell us how you feel. Does it make sense to you?”
Circling the wristband around Dean’s wrist, Castiel whispered, “Remember what we are? Who we are?” and smiled when Dean gave another tiny nod, giving him a small and sincere smile. “We’re stronger than him. And we’ll always win, as long as we stay together.”
Sometime during all of this, Cas had rested his hands on Dean’s chest, and right when he felt like he was getting closer and closer to his release with each thrust, Castiel started playing with his nipples, rubbing them between two fingers before pinching them together and tugging at them, making Dean keen and arch his back off the mattress with a long groan, rolling the buds under his digits to massage the sting out of them.
Just as he wanted to slip his hand underneath and play with Dean’s cock, the blonde decided to turn halfway onto his stomach, angling his leg so that his foot pressed into the knee of his other leg and burying his face into the pillow with a soft sigh. But now his ass was on display for Jimmy and that was even better.
A tiny, almost imperceptible, loving smile crossed Castiel’s features and he nodded. “Yes, that’s Dean: always thinking about the people he loves first. And I know what the problem is, Jimmy.” With the hand still resting on Jimmy’s shoulder, Cas slowly guided him back towards the bed and made him sit down on it, admitting, “I should’ve thought this through… And I apologize for not explaining this to you sooner, but you have to listen closely now.”
At once, Jimmy let go of him and stepped aside, and Castiel withdrew from him, leaning back against the dresser and closing the open drawer with the movement. Standing next to each other, one turning curious, wide eyes on him, the other dark and lustrous ones, both the same shade of blue, Dean let out a shaky breath and slid his hands past the waistband, pulling down his sweats just so that the Prussian color and satiny fabric peeked out.
So, really, there was no reason for him to be afraid. Except for that fucking voice in the back of his mind telling him otherwise.
He continued to treat the popsicle with special care up until Jimmy pulled it out of his mouth with a dirty grin and rasped, “I think the rest of your body would like to cool down a bit as well, don’t you, sweetheart?”
, something only wildest dreams could produce, and having him in their bed was as surreal as the fact that he was allowed to touch him, to pleasure him.
One hand was still clamping Dean’s hip bruisingly when he leaned down to nuzzle his lover’s neck, trying to calm his crying. Cas knew that his Sub was frustrated with how long his last orgasm took him and he wanted to let him know that it was okay; he’d keep going for hours for Dean. And he did. He kept thrusting into Dean as he reached a hand between his legs and began to stroke his cock, wanting to wring every possible ounce of pleasure from him and make this feel as good for him as it felt for Castiel.
It wasn’t the first time he saw his brother like that. Back when they still lived together, Sam had caught glimpses of slight bruises or marks on Dean’s body whenever he accidentally walked in on him in the bathroom or his clothes didn’t hide them. Sure, he had his suspicions, but he never really got them confirmed, so he stopped thinking about it too much. Dean never seemed to be seriously hurt, at least it didn’t limit his ability to move properly, though sometimes his posture was stiffer than other times.
“No, I really wanted to do that. If we live here for a week without a note, we can at least buy food, right? But I passed by this store on my way back and I thought I’d just take a look.”
After a moment, Dean whispered, “We should make Sunday evenings all about relaxing together in the future, what do you think?”
“You didn’t overreact, Dean. It’s your right to doubt or be afraid, you’re only human,” Cas assured, stroking his thumb across Dean’s cheek. “If you are a hundred percent sure that you still want to do it, then we will. But you’ll have to want it for yourself, not for us.”
With a careful hand on his chest, Castiel guides Dean back onto the bed and positions him on the mattress, making sure he’s comfortable, and then hooks his fingers underneath the elastic waistband of his shorts. Before pushing them off, he searches Dean’s face for any indication of discomfort or defiance, but as soon as Castiel sees that there is absolutely none, he takes off the last piece of cloth that stands between him and Dean and adds it to the pile of clothes near the bed.
Add to that a few packs of soda, a six-pack of beer, a pack of firewood, and campfire sticks and it equaled to three bags.
“What? No!” Dean said, taking Cas’ bag and giving them a sincere smile, “You can stay here, it’s no problem. I don’t have the biggest place and it’s gonna be a little cramped in bed, but that’s just fine.” He started walking into the room behind the couch and led the twins into his bedroom, where he placed down Castiel’s bag and offered Jimmy to deposit his suitcase.
Now, there was a deep blush creeping upon Dean’s face and Jimmy admired him for a while, until the blonde asked, “What about you?”
As Dean tried to withdraw, Michael simultaneously stepped inside the apartment again, flinging the blonde around with his other hand clamping down around his neck way too harsh and slamming him into the wall right next to the door with all his might. Dean’s head connected with the wall in a sickening banging noise, feeling all his strength leaving his body at once, and he suddenly had a hard time keeping his eyes open, let alone see at all with the black creeping in from the corners of his vision. But his drooping eyes didn’t distract him from the searing pain exploding at the back of his head or the way he was struggling for air as Michael’s palm tightened around his windpipe as he panted into his face with an intense gaze. He had half a mind to feel something wet where his head felt almost numb before Michael used his rigidity and shocked state to kiss him again, easily moving his lips now that Dean didn’t have any strength to fight the intrusion.
Avoiding their boyfriend’s question, Jimmy demanded, “Stop saying that nothing happened, Dean, you’re hurt.”
just made me realize that I’ll never be able to have this – to feel safe and cared for. I’m stuck with Michael because that’s all I’m good for and it’s more than I deserve, so I should be happy….” His voice broke at the end of the sentence and Jessica felt a stab of pain in her chest at hearing her friend like that, especially when he added, “But I’m not.”
Smiling, Castiel answered honestly, “You just do. It’s all of you, Dean. I feel comfortable around you because you don’t look at me with disdain, or questioning eyes – wondering why I am the way I am, instead just accepting me for
They laughed slightly and Dean frowned down on them with a small smile tugging on his lips, so Cas chuckled, “It’s a good thing we’re not you and Sam. I don’t mind it, at all. During my time as a Dom, I’ve seen many people have sex, people that I wouldn’t have wanted to see naked in private, but this is something else. And I don’t mind seeing Jimmy have sex with you. I didn’t really concentrate on him, merely the way you reacted to his body, how he made you feel, your body’s responses. And I had the chance to truly watch your face with all my concentration while you orgasmed. It was breathtaking, Dean.”
He was about to crawl off of Jimmy and Cas interrupted him, holding out a hand to stop him from moving. “No, I only need you. Just the way you are right now. Stay like that, if it’s comfortable for you both.”
Running a hand down his face to hide his sigh, Dean met his brother’s eyes and asked, “Would it be so bad? Does it make me a jerk that I wanna get to know them both because they both make me feel special? Am I a bad person for not choosing one?” His eyes welled up and he hated himself. “Tell me I'm selfish, tell me I’m the worst! Please, yell at me! Anything!” His breathing got faster as the first tears fell and Dean didn’t even know why he was breaking apart right now. He ought to be happy, he had met two men that turned his life upside down in a good way. He should’ve been excited to meet them again and he should’ve been thankful for meeting them in the first place. People like him didn’t get to be happy… So, why was he crying? Why did he always have to be such a coward?
Cas’ eyes roamed Dean’s features before leaning in and kissing that smile chastely, parting with a small smile on his lips as well. “Okay, why don’t we get you dried and warm again, huh?”
“Wanna come join me?” The blonde asked over his shoulder as he started to walk upstairs, and Jimmy was after him in a heartbeat, catching Dean on the stairs and grabbing him around the middle to drag him towards the bathroom. Dean laughed at his antics and smiled cheekily, pecking the side of Jimmy’s face a few times while letting himself be half carried and half dragged into the bath.
With his eyes closed, Benny chuckled, in a deep and low voice, “Good to see you too, cher,” his face too close to Dean’s neck for Castiel’s liking.
Castiel knew exactly how to apply stimulation to coax certain responses out of Dean and to heighten his sense of touch to create an explosive orgasm later. He was still honored to do this with him because sensation play still involved a power exchange and therefore required a great deal of trust. So he used all of his knowledge and skills to make this as great an experience for Dean as possible.
After that, Castiel listened to Dean’s breathing evening out with a content smile and a heart full of warmth, and it didn’t take long for him to fall asleep as well.
There were a bunch of questions in his head right now but Cas kept his mouth closed and decided to wait for Dean to explain what was going on because the man just looked so utterly sweet in his lap with that sheepish smile and the way his teeth bit into his bottom lip. So instead, Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s middle to place his hands on the small of his back and press his boyfriend’s body further into his own. He let one hand travel up his spine to stop at his neck, tracing the edge of the collar while his other hand dipped even lower, two fingers finding their way into Dean’s pants.
When Castiel didn’t go on, Jimmy lifted his hands in question and shrugged. “So what? You spent a hot night with him?”
Castiel screams while he hugs Dean’s dead body to his own and clings to him like he’s hanging on for dear life, and really; he is.
He let go of a long breath before admitting, “They make me feel sexy… once in a while, I wear them under my jeans when I feel like it.”
The air was crisp and sharp, a slight sliver of frost floating around, and he could smell the ocean and sand thanks to the wind carrying it over to them.
Dean nodded slowly, probably thinking about the weather and lake and how he was supposed to wear rope underneath his clothes so that no one could see. “Okay.”
After a few minutes, they broke apart to breathe harshly into each other’s mouths and Dean panted, “Thank you, Jimmy. I love it… love y–
Dean’s eyes were shut and his head tipped forwards but that wasn’t enough to hide his wide smile from Cas’ gaze, and he knew Dean was well aware of their presence. That somehow made this even hotter for Castiel, thinking about the fact that Dean wanted them to find him like this, catch him openly provoking his Doms by disobeying the order he’d been given, and Cas growled, an excited smile gracing his lips.
He just nodded, stepping into the bed on his knees when his Dom gave him a slight nudge towards Jimmy but stopping in front of him because he had no idea at all how Cas wanted them.
Jimmy could practically see the gears working in his head as Dean thought about what was asked of him, until it seemed to dawn on him and he smiled sheepishly, cheeks flushing even more. He mumbled something that sounded close to “Sorry, Castiel,” and hurried to get into the desired position, sliding down Cas’ body, hands gliding down Cas’ sides with his motion, until his face was hovering above his Dom’s straining cock, propped up on his elbows, hands holding on to Castiel’s hips and ass up in the air with his knees pressing into the mattress at each side of Castiel’s calves.
Seeing him like that and remembering what Sam had entrusted them, Castiel was immediately alerted and dropped his things to crouch down in front of him and asked, “Hey, what’s wrong, Dean? Did something happen?”
“Dean?!” He turned his head and saw that Cas was jogging towards them, his eyes big and concerned. His hands framed his face as soon as he reached them, like a parent would to examine a kid after it fell on the face, and usually, Dean would have complained that he wasn’t a baby and could damn well take care of himself. But right now, his touch was soothing and his eyes calmed the storm inside of him.
But then he stopped and swung one of his knees over Jimmy’s thighs, his hips keeping up swinging to the song, and straddled him. For a moment, he just rocked his hips back and forth like he did with Cas before and put his palms flat against his chest to move them in wide, slow strokes up and down his torso. Jimmy loved the feel of them as Dean touched him and now
Dean grinned softly, almost sheepishly, and lifted his right arm enough to wiggle the grocery bag that he was holding in its hand in front of them, informing, “I got us some dinner!” Flicking his eyes down to look at the things he bought, Dean said, “Well, at least the ingredients for it.”
Then, Dean put his Baby into gear, shifting into drive as it purred beautifully, and headed off, driving away from his old life and leaving his past behind where it belonged.
Before he continued to test his Sub’s discipline though, Cas had to make sure this wasn’t too much for Dean and asked, “Your color, my love?”
It was Friday and Dean had been happy to come home to his two absolutely amazing boyfriends, waiting there with lunch like any other day before, and he just couldn’t believe his luck.
Dean had done this before; teasing them until they started to go crazy. One day, he’d been weird the entire afternoon, shifting on his ass at the dinner table and glancing at them time and time again, and he had looked a bit sheepish but Jimmy and Cas hadn’t had a clue what was going on. After they had finished eating dinner, Dean had gotten off of his seat with the blanket from their couch still wrapped around his shoulders, covering his whole body, and Castiel had just thought that he’d been cold this day, but he’d been so wrong when the blonde had dropped it at the beginning of the stairs and informed that he was going upstairs. Wondering why Dean would give such information, Castiel and Jimmy had looked at him where he took the first step and seen that he was wearing nothing but red suspenders, white stockings, and a cock ring. Castiel had never seen his twin run this fast before but soon enough, they had found themselves chasing Dean upstairs and by doing so, they had also discovered that he’d been wearing a butt plug as well.
“Asphyxiation is deprivation of oxygen through choking or other stuff to get off on. Infantilism is just creepy… the mere idea of someone getting off on the fact that they’re fucking a child is one of the biggest ‘No’s with a capital N. It’s practically a Sub dressing up and behaving like an infant either because it turns them on or their Dom. Sometimes even with diapers and the whole deal,” Dean explained, shaking his head in disgust and Castiel had to agree that he never understood why people thought this was erotic.
The first two nights, Castiel found Dean drinking an unhealthy amount of alcohol, the third, tonight, he found the man fucking some local women while being obviously drunk. It is nothing new to Castiel – who is currently sitting at a table, surrounded by noisy comrades throwing jokes at each other – that he found Dean drinking and having sex; it’s what he usually does. It’s just the way Dean is doing it that is different now, that makes Castiel wonder if something might have happened.
“Never thought you’d be the one to refuse to go skinny dipping with me,” Dean mused, toeing off his shoes and grabbing the hem of his shirt.
It was a fight, obviously, and a small group of people was surrounding the scene, looking angry and worried. He couldn’t see exactly what was going on or who was engaged in it but he also knew that he was not in the mood for something like this tonight and was just about to ask Jimmy if they should go out and look for Dean when the man’s face suddenly turned into one of horror and he started running. Whipping his head back to see what had Jimmy this alert, Cas was shocked to find Benny in a fight with another man. And as Jimmy made his way through the crowd, people parting to give him space, Cas was able to see Dean standing near, looking all too pale and shocked and
Tracing a line down the warm, soft skin of Dean’s side, Cas asked, “Are you comfortable enough or would you like to have another pillow for your hips?” He stopped the line at the curve of his ass and placed his hands parallel to each other above his buttocks on his lower back.
. When he finally stood and turned around, he had a big smile plastered on his lips and his eyes were still drooping with what was left of sleep weighing them down. She tried to ignore his black eye and the gash above his eyebrow and instead returned his smile. “Dean.”
Jimmy was behind them again when Cas leaned back to look at Dean and his eyes were questioning, asking for something. And as his twin stroked his hands down Dean’s shoulders, Cas understood that he was asking to open the tie and free Dean’s arms, so he met Jimmy’s eyes and nodded, watching a tiny smile cross Jimmy’s features. Then he carefully undid all the knots, Cas listening to the soft swish of the tie as it was pulled out of them, and after a minute or two, Jimmy set the tie aside and helped Dean stretch his arms to the side.
And this was why Jimmy found himself rummaging through their bags in search of a cockring and a butt plug. Cas came to help him after he only found the stainless steel cockring and pulled out a rather big glass plug before making Jimmy open his palm and placing another, smaller steel ring into his hand. It had a small bead on it and when Jimmy merely looked at him in question, Cas leaned in and whispered, “It’s a glans ring, it will make him feel good, I promise.”
“No problem,” he said, giving him a quick smile before muttering, “Not like I got anything else to do…”
Dean’s expression turned into one of betrayal and shock and he covered his mouth with his hand, shaking his head in disbelief. “She’s delicate Sam!”
Struggling to take all this information in but starting to understand, Sam let out a long breath and nodded. “Okay, I think I get it.” He ran a hand through his hair and imagined Dean being sliced open with a knife just because it turned him on and a shiver went through his body. “What… what is Dean into?”
“Okay. Would you please lay down on your back, legs stretched out, and arms resting next to your body?” Without hesitation, Dean did what he was asked and got into the required position. With a satisfied smile, Cas went on with whatever he was doing while Jimmy merely watched from the side. “Thank you, Dean. What I am going to do is start to bind rope around five places of your body which will hold your entire weight. Very experienced and flexible people are able to balance their weight with only two, without hurting themselves or breaking something. But we will start slow and secure.” Castiel talked while choosing rope and certain lengths of it, placing them down next to certain parts of Dean’s body. “I also won’t suspend you too high up in the air and will keep it at waist level, when I’m kneeling on the bed. So you’ll be about 24 inches above the mattress, okay?”
At the sight of their equally erected members at level with Dean’s mouth, Cas could feel euphoria swamp his senses. Their boyfriend sent a quick look at Jimmy once more, waiting for his nod and turning back towards Castiel while licking his lips in anticipation, and Cas thought his pulse had never been quite as picked up as it was now. All he could do was stare at Dean, who looked up at him from underneath thick lashes, the lust and adoration in his apple green eyes almost too much to handle for Castiel, as the water trailed in rivulets over his flushed skin.
. Their boyfriend went willingly, burying his cock further into Jimmy’s throat with a groan and Cas almost moaned as well at the sight and the thought that his twin had just used his fingers to drive Dean in deeper by his sensitive, slick rim.
And with that, Dean found his every sense focused on the presence behind him, concentrating fully on his Dom to be able to be good. So, whenever he felt Cas touching him, always on different places with different pressure – especially hard were the feather-light touches – he did as he was told and moved up and down on Jimmy’s cock, feeling it slide in and out of him until he couldn’t feel Cas’ touch any longer, only to start anew once he could.
Then, Cas stood up behind them and stepped up close to press his chest against Dean’s back, kissing a spot on his neck where it was bent slightly. He didn’t stop there and went on to lay kisses along the bolt of Dean’s jaw, his hands stroking down the inside of Dean’s arms until he took a step back and gave a playful, little slap to his right asscheek. Dean’s surprised gasp made both Jimmy and Cas smile brightly, and then it sounded more like a moan as the plug was jarred within him and probably even nudged against his prostate.
As Sam withdraws, Castiel sniffs once and then the younger Winchester is looking at him with a careful expression.
. Trusting you with my whole life is the least I can do to give back at least some of what you give me and it's worth the risk.”
Cas made sure to ask Dean several times if he was okay and whether he wanted to talk about last night or not, but Dean just hugged him, hooking his chin over his shoulder gently, and said that he’d never felt better – except for the sting in his ass – and that he didn’t see a reason why they should talk about it unless he or Jimmy wanted to before giving him a kiss, so Cas dropped the topic.
“Alright,” Cas said softly, “But I’d like to do some adjustments.” Dean just nodded once more and turned back around to get into his previous position again; on his knees, legs wide spread, and chest to the mattress. “Very well, now I’d like you to sit back on your legs so that your butt is on top of the back of your ankles.”
“Look at you,” Cas rasped into his ear all of a sudden, his voice rough and deep, “I’ve never seen anything so gorgeous and I bet that the people watching you tonight wish they could be us. They all want to be with you like this. Have you all for themselves.” Dean flicked his eyes down and saw how his muscles bunched with effort as Cas disappeared between his cheeks again and again, and he didn’t know if he ought to be turned on or creeped out by the sight of himself.
“Well, how could I not after what you did for me? I never felt so good and relaxed – I still feel it deep in my bones… that deep-rooted satisfaction and relaxation. And I just wanted to do something nice for you in return, so I thought about what I could do to surprise you that we
Letting his thumb stroke over the back of his boyfriend’s hand, Cas nodded and locked his eyes onto Dean’s to give him an honest and sincere smile. “You don’t have any idea just
While Jimmy massaged his thighs and knees again to calm Dean down, Castiel rubbed and stroked Dean’s chest after he sat back on his ass and placed his boyfriend’s arms so that his hands lay palm-up at his sides. He asked Dean to lift his head and pulled away the pillow to slide underneath Dean’s head with his crossed feet and rest his head back on top of them. As soon as Dean adjusted, Cas traced the outline of his shoulders and arms, then started sliding his hands across his chest and downwards his arms to glide into his open palms and intertwine their fingers. Dean tightened his grip faintly and met Cas’ eyes from underneath his long, luxurious lashes and they smiled sweetly at each other until Castiel bent down to kiss his warm lips, enjoying their softness against his own before withdrawing his hands, stroking them along his arms, and starting to circle, rub, and pinch Dean’s nipples. Just the first and slightest touch was already enough to have them hardened and Cas smiled triumphantly as he twisted them teasingly with his thumb and index finger. Dean moaned and arched his back beautifully, especially so when Jimmy went back to stroking the skin just above his cock.
When his cheeks hit the base, Dean let out an enormous moan, taking his hands off of the toy and just letting it stay there while he threw his head back and felt his ass clench around the toy in synch with his heartbeat. Everything inside him seemed to pulse around this massive thing in his ass and he lifted his hips off of the mattress to circle them before spreading his legs even wider and grinding his ass back down into the mattress with another moan, his cock bobbing and spurting pre-cum onto his belly with the arousal he felt from being spread open like this.
Now, though, Dean was a whole different kind of jittery and anxious because Castiel had led him in front of a mirror and his stormy blue eyes were practically penetrating Dean’s gaze with their intensity. It was weird and oddly intimate and Dean felt way too vulnerable for some reason, which would have made him extremely uncomfortable if he’d been with any other person except Jimmy or Cas right then.
While Jimmy almost tripped over a load of dirty shirts and socks, he had enough control over himself to stop himself from sputtering at that, saying, “He is
Jimmy had no idea how to respond to that. He knew from the way Dean talked and behaved that this was a sensitive topic and he had the feeling that he’d be talking to a wall if he tried to convince Dean that he was too harsh with himself. Dean had only been a child himself, how was he supposed to do the right thing all the time? So, Jimmy changed the direction of their topic and said, “I never got to ask what you do for a living…”
This made Cas smile contently and he grabbed the bottle of lube, popping open the cap and squeezing some of it into his palm. He covered the fingers of his right hand with the liquid and used the residue on his left one, with which he reached around Dean’s body once more to start slicking up his latex-sheathed cock while the other started tracing his rosy rim in circles with the forefinger. Dean’s breathing got heavier then and it was shaky every time he exhaled loudly.
Dean leaned in closer so that his lips were suddenly very close and Castiel forgot what was going on for a moment until he remembered that he had to repeat his sentence and that Dean was only this close to him to be able to understand him. “I said, yes, I work as an accountant here.” He loosened his bow-tie as much as possible, suddenly feeling hot.
Nodding, Cas whispered a few praises to Dean, still stroking his thigh, and watched Jimmy pull the rod out halfway, going slow and making sure to rub against his urethral walls, before pressing it back inside to let it stay like that. Now, both of Dean’s holes were wonderfully open and stuffed and Cas decided to join Jimmy and merely appreciate the stunning man in front of them.
Once Cas was naked as well, he stepped up behind his boyfriend, pressing his chest against his back and sliding his hand down Dean’s torso while gripping his chin with his other hand and turning his face back around to kiss him again. Jimmy was licking down his neck and kissing his jaw since Cas had disturbed his kiss, and Dean groaned as the two of them fought for his mouth.
Understanding that Dean didn’t want to talk about it any further, Jimmy changed the topic by saying, “What people misunderstand about me the most is mainly shallow. When I tell people I’m an artist, there come assumptions like ‘so you’re a writer’ or ‘cool, your voice is made for singing’. They see me and don’t assume that I am a tattoo artist because I don’t look like one when dressed in clothes. As soon as I take them off, though, their minds are changed.”
because he freaking loved pressing his naked body parts into his boyfriends and exchange intimate and exploring touches with them while hot, bubbly water soothed his muscles. But now he had the suspicion that this wasn’t the main part of his surprise but whatever waited for him in their bedroom and Dean sure as hell wanted to know what it was. He might not be the biggest fan of surprises but he was still a curious guy. So he opted for a shower instead of taking his usual relaxing-time in the bathtub simply to get it over with faster. “Shower.”
