“Deal,” Dean sighed, and they both tucked their weapons away.
“I want to stop having to look at your filthy kind. Too bad daddy couldn’t beat the sin out of you.”
He started searching through the boxes, Cas doing the same beside him. Icy hands clamped down on his shoulders, and threw Dean into the heap. He didn’t land particularly gracefully, but he was ninety percent sure he was unharmed. Before he could check for injuries his attention was caught by a dark wooden box lying beneath him. He grabbed it and slid back down to the floor.
He pushed him into the bathroom and turned on the shower, then turned to leave. Dean grabbed his arm, pulling him back.
“Thank you.” Dean spoke hoarsely, the tears not letting up despite his words. Cas was utterly confused.
Cas collapsed on top of Dean, releasing his hands and his hair as he did so. Dean just lay there as Cas planted tender kisses across his shoulders and the back of his neck. It was only when he moved up to kiss his cheek that Cas realised he was crying, tears streaming down his face and soaking the mattress below, his shoulders starting to shake from the silent sobs. Cas hurriedly rolled him onto his side, horrified that he had caused such pain in the man he loved so much.
“I’m not sticking my dick in-“ he risked another look at Dean, only to find him gone, “where did he go?” Cas hurriedly scanned the rest of the crowd, he was nowhere to be seen.
Dean did as he was told, hands clasped above him in the semblance of a prayer, the thought making him smirk.
“You could come away with me you know. We could leave this all behind.”
Dean found himself incapable of keeping his eyes off him. He'd always failed at that pursuit, how could you not look at an angel of the freaking lord, sitting in your goddamn house, like he'd somehow forgotten he was a miracle? Cas had always been impossible to avoid staring at, but now there was no one there to notice, it was just the two of them and either: Cas didn't realise anything was going on, and he was home safe, or he did realise, and there was a chance that maybe...
*************************
“The heating is a bit peculiar sometimes, particularly in the attic and some of the bedrooms.”
“Dean, open your eyes.”
"Are you still killing for them?" Sam asked, pain edging his voice.
“Cas!”
“Gabriel, shut up and do what I say, no questions, no snark.”
"Family's just blood, nothin' in the contract about forgiveness."
Light sadomasochism
“Long story.” Dean pulled his hand away, which had somehow ended up cupping the side of Cas’ face, and found his fingers covered in blood. “Shit, man, you’re bleeding.”
It stung. He knew they’d never talked about it, but he’d hoped that Sam felt comfortable enough with him to let him know that he was dating a guy. He didn’t think he was homophobic, did he? No, that was ridiculous. If Sam knew about his feelings for Cas he couldn’t possibly think that. So what new hell-
Dean sucked in a breath and rubbed his neck.
Sometimes, on the days when Cas kept to himself most noticeably, Dean would hear familiar music playing from whatever nook Cas had hidden himself away in. The mixtape, his mixtape, was the music Cas took solace in. He couldn't help but hope, not when the over thought love letter (which he prayed Cas was pop savvy enough to understand) filled the space that stood between them.
Cas frowned.
“Leave. Now.” Cas commanded between clenched teeth. Uriel scrambled to comply, sending a terrified look over his shoulder as he raced inside.
Rough sex
“I know your address. I will be in touch.”
He’d been meaning to say all of this anyway. It was real. Dean thought his heart might have actually stopped beating.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Castiel’s chest ached as he forced himself to speak calmly, keeping his responses just the right side of dangerous, reminding himself of the flirtatious lilt he had used in all of their previous conversations. He was a deceptively good actor, could probably have pursued a career on stage if he hadn’t possessed such a strong urge to kill. Besides, it was family, and loyalty to family always had to come first. That was why he would kill this man if he had to. The call had come far too soon, he’d been hoping to put this off at least a few more days, but it had only been a matter of hours. Dean was eager.
Dean’s breathing sped up, his cock now achingly hard.
“Where did you go, when things turned bad, what dark memory consumed you?”
Of course there was no chance of redemption for someone like him. Of course it had only been an extra morning. He couldn’t say he was surprised.
Cas disappeared again and Dean rolled his eyes as he heard a hesitant knock on the bathroom door.
“I was going to invite you over and I thought maybe if I made you pie you’d finally decide to ask me out and now it’s ruined and-“
"What does your attraction to men have to do with anything that occurred today?"
References to agressive sex and general murderous stuff
The voice was wrong, not the nasal wheeze of the monster who was surely about to start cutting again, or switch to a new torture, or-
How long would it be, he wondered, before some drunken idiot stumbled over the body and the club was hit with an all new kind of chaos? He doubted it would be too long. He should leave, but not yet. He was on the hunt.
Tags for this chapter:
Jack had understood instantly, when he absorbed Chuck’s power, the nature of a god. One didn’t have to rule everything, or even control anything. A god was just a writer. Jack didn’t have to tell every story, most of the pieces would fall into place without interference, he just had to choose one. It wasn’t hard. He knew what mattered to this world. Their family, all of them, all those who loved the Winchesters, and the brothers themselves. If he was a god, he decided, he would make it his life’s purpose to heal the Winchesters, to give his family what they had fought so hard to give him. He could do that now. He just had to be patient.
Dean sat down in the kitchen, on the same chair he'd watched his mother making apple pie from, and drank the fancy Scottish shit in long gulps that tasted like nothing.
“Dean, we have a job for you.”
He ran his hands across Dean’s back, scratching slightly, disguising the urge to sooth.
Dean grinned and got to his feet, strutting naked towards the kitchen before turning expectantly to Cas, who had been a little too distracted by his ass to remember to stand himself.
“You may still have a chance.”
"You know, I'm not sure that I care."
“This- doesn’t mean- I’m not going to- kill you,” Dean panted between kisses.
“If that is what you truly desire,” Dean nodded his assent, “then I will be happy to 'fuck you’.”
“She was already dead. That wasn’t her, not really.”
“We’ll get it out of you sooner or later. You’ll say yes. You have no control here Dean. Everyone breaks in the end. It’s only a matter of how much I get to cut on you before you say yes.”
"Because you don't deserve it," Cas answered honestly.
He casually took a sip of his coffee. Dean couldn’t even stomach the pie.
Neither of them moved as their breathing slowed. Dean listened to the internal countdown, fighting it, holding onto the warmth of skin against skin, the pleasure of momentary honesty. Five, four, three, two, one. He sprang up, grabbing his gun and raising it at the same time Cas wound a wire around his neck.
Sam walked into the room and eyed their messed up hair and dopey expressions, walking over to the coffee pot and taking a long gulp of the warm liquid. He started back towards his room, full cup in hand, before turning back towards them.
Dean glared at the teacher and slouched lower. She pursed her lips.
He was so fucking angry. Why did Cas have to tell him? Why did Cas have to tell him then? Why did Cas have to die? He should have said it back. Fuck Chuck and fuck The Empty and fuck Death for good measure. Fuck himself most of all. He should have said it back.
“Hurry!” Dean choked out.
"Dean," a weight was lifted from his chest as Sam's voice came, clear and recognisable, through the speakers of the phone, "stop calling."
There was something hidden in the brusk tone Dean spoke with. It took a while for Cas to identify it as longing. He doubted Dean was even aware of its presence.
“Why are you bleeding?”
“Oh come on Dean, it’s Halloween, everyone goes out on Halloween.” Dean’s unimpressed look did nothing to dissuade his brother. “I’ll give you half my candy.”
Cas felt like he was falling, incapable of doing anything but clinging to Dean and trying to remember how to breathe.
Dean nodded, hiding as much of his face as possible in the bedding, blushing as Cas pulled open the drawer. He knew what else the angel would find there.
It shouldn’t. It never had been for Cas. Dean’s view of the world was quite foreign, their lives seemed to be lived in parallel, and yet the experience felt like night and day. Cas spoke of the power rush, which was familiar to Dean if not the same, and the cold approach he took to such actions.
“Why shouldn’t I be?”
“I didn’t-“ he was going to say he hadn’t known, that he hadn’t made him do anything, but the lie was as clear to him as it was to Cas. “I don’t know.”
“I don’t know, maybe not, maybe we’d manage it.”
“I’m sorry Dean.”
"Come on Cas, now or never."
“I’m not sure I have a concussion.”
Sam tried to protest of course, said something about Ruby and Dean and not being a coward, but Dean played every single one of his big brother cards. Ruby would be fine, not like she was a threat, or a Winchester, and Dean? Dean wouldn’t let his brother get hurt. It was better this way. Sam was the one who was going to make something of himself anyway. Dean was just a grunt, the world could do without him, if his brother lived because of him nothing else mattered.
Holy fuck. Dean thought he might be on the verge of hyperventilating, if he could get any air into his lungs at all, which was becoming increasingly problematic.
“The bastard had it coming.” Cas wiped his hands on his clothing.
"I've been wanting to do that for years."
“I cannot believe you just said that.”
Now Gabriel was the one who looked like he was about to start throwing punches, and Castiel noticed that Balthazar had also begun to pay attention, drink placed to the side and posture tense. That was not a good sign.
Dean groaned, why was this the jackass he loved?
“I can’t help you if you don’t allow me to,” Cas’ words were pained, but Dean couldn’t look after him right now.
“Plans to make, eggs to throw.”
Not exactly orgasm denial but definitely something along those lines
Dean rolled his eyes and returned to his previous strategy of burying his face as much as humanly possible. Eventually the giggles subsided, and Dean risked a peek. The angel was wiping tears from his eyes, actual tears. Well that was just perfect.
Angst
Cas’ back was shaking with silent laughter as he walked over to the stove, Dean didn’t think either of their brothers had noticed.
“No, it doesn’t.”
Cas looked in the direction of Dean’s gaze and nodded.
“I bet you thought you were doing something good when you traded yourself for your brother. Dean Winchester, the saviour, the hero. You didn’t save anyone Dean, you just condemned yourself. You will betray your family as surely as your flesh will split beneath my knife.”
Torture
Cas turned on his heel and, before Dean knew he’d moved, he grabbed his arm, stopping his progress before his words could translate into actions.
The high of the kill dimmed slightly and Dean became aware of his surroundings again, hearing the pulsating beat of the crappy club music outside. He stepped over the body, walking over to one of the cracked porcelain sinks and washing his hands. He knew someone could walk in at any moment, he knew he could get caught literally red-handed, he also knew he liked it that way. Exhibitionism and murder were perhaps not the best combination, but damn if it didn't get him hard.
Dean opened his mouth to say something else, though he wasn't sure exactly what, but before he could the door was clicking shut and the stranger was gone.
Anna had tears in her eyes, he noted as she looked to him for comfort, now that was something he was not glad of. The pain this was causing his preferred brethren was something that surely must be avenged. His judgement on the one who had done this would be as swift as it was brutal.
Everyone nodded their acquiescence.
Dean smiled at the thought. Later, they could do that later. For now he just pulled Cas down on the floor beside him, leaned into his fire, and let himself be consumed. Eternity at his fingertips.
“No, Dean, I do not think any interaction with you can be average.”
Biting
“No, I-“ Dean stumbled over his words.
“You’re so beautiful, you know? And kind, and brave. And now you fight monsters as well? Been wanting to tell you for years.” Only Cas could sound this sincere when he was on the edge of collapsing from lack of blood.
“Yes or no, it’s not that hard. We could have... coffee? Or pie. Fuck, pie!” Dean startled as the boy swore, it was such a rare occurrence. Before he could stop him Cas had extricated himself from his grip, and haphazardly stumbled into the kitchen. “God dammit!” He heard from the other room. He rounded the corner and found Cas staring in dismay at a blackened pie. “I wanted to make that for you.”
“You’ve still gotta hurt me Cas, ain’t no way around that.”
"Take me against this wall Cas- sir, destroy me, expose me, make me scream however you like. I need it, I need it so fucking bad," he was babbling, half panting, incapable of keeping back the words no matter how much speaking them hurt, "please sir, please."
There was a note on the bedside table, carefully folded, with his name written across it in obsessively neat handwriting. He reached out a hand, wincing as the sudden movement sent agony radiating throughout his skull, and pulled the message back underneath the covers with him. He hurriedly unfolded the piece of paper and read the few short words written in that same precise hand.
With that, he slammed Dean back down on the mattress, holding him down with a firm hand pressed into the small of his back as he moved to straddle him. He thrust into Dean, hard enough for the headboard to crash against the wall.
“We are not goin’ trick or treating Sam.”
Dean felt his muscles tense at the memories of a thousand occasions on which he had been tied up, beaten, broken.
Generally upsetting themes
“Well, yeah, but... shut up.”
Tags for this chapter:
“Are you sure you want this Dean? I have seen how you flinch when I forget to be careful, even for a second. I know how you suffer. I do not wish to cause you any further pain.”
“You stink of sex brother. Have you really sunk so low?”
He wished he could say he had followed Dean into the factory, that old shell of a building, without fear, but he was not fond of lying to himself. He was more scared than he had ever been in his life, and after the numbness, that was a relief.
“Nonsense. It’ll only go to waste.” Cas leaned in to whisper the rest of the request in his ear, and Dean shivered from something other than the cold. “Please, stay. There’s no chance of me keeping Gabe out of trouble on my own, the distraction will help.”
Should I have mentioned that in the fic tags?
“Depends, are you going to be a good host? Or do you intend to rape the visiting angel like the people of Sodom?”
When he regained the ability to form conscious thought Dean lowered the chain holding Cas, just enough for him to stand more firmly on the ground, and pulled off the tape.
“What’d I say? ‘Hey Sam, you know that time you disappeared for a week and left me on my own? Well, some biker dude made me his bitch while you were gone, and I basically haven’t had sex since.’ Yeah right, that’d go down well.” Dean half laughed, half cried, and took another gulp of liquid courage.
“It has to end,” he wished he could take back the words, but that wouldn’t erase the truth behind them.
“Unlock the door Dean.”
“Shit! Your head.” He examined the wound, swallowing as he saw just how much blood was matted in Cas’ hair.
Dean woke up with more than a little surprise. He had been almost entirely certain he would die in his sleep. He certainly hadn’t expected to wake up alone.
“How?”
"Uh..." Dean spoke intelligently, his brain faltering, too panicked to summon a response.
Stupid, Dean didn't know why he'd asked. Who cared about the names of one night stands?
“I am not okay with this.” Dean muttered to Cas.
“You’re completely out of it. You shouldn’t say anything you’ll regret.” Dean was honestly on the edge of a panic attack, Cas was injured and he was so close and it was so freaking wrong and-
He pushed his ass back in invitation.
"Dean?"
Pure kinky filth
“Don’t act like I have a choice.”
Castiel was a ghost on the wind, gone the second Dean thought he had found him, and yet Dean kept on searching, and damn if he wasn’t good at his job.
“You promised you’d never mention that again.”
“I am not sure that is true.”
He ghosted a hand down Dean's back, as if a few soft touches could make up for all the pain that was to follow. The muscles tensed beneath him, in anticipation of the punishment that had been promised. Cas ran his fingers through Dean's hair, closing his eyes and willing himself to tighten his grip and pull. His fingers slipped away.
Fucking hell.
“Remember, you’re the one who killed him.”
Soft lips were pressed to his shoulder blades, his neck, the side of his face. Dean forced himself to calm down, stop thinking of anything that had gone before, those memories didn’t belong here.
Dean didn’t notice him getting dressed, he was so out of it. He barely stirred when Cas slipped out of the room, and ran.
Jack smiled in the library. He didn’t need to see with regular eyes, not anymore. He didn’t need them to know. Maybe he would tell them that he was still god, if they asked, maybe not. All they needed to know was that everything was good, now. All they needed to know was family, and love, and long nights of peaceful sleep.
“You know... you’re... Jesus, Cas... you’re not exactly encouraging me to
“Are you hungry? We don’t have any sweets, but there’s extra pumpkin soup and we were just about to sit down to eat.”
“Sorry buddy, looks like we’ll have to wait.”
Dean was burning with fury and arousal, absolutely refusing to do as he was told, and knowing that he really should be grateful for the reprieve that was so infuriating him. He was barely prepped and, he was fairly sure, this was one of the biggest cocks he had ever taken. That said-
Dean’s hand curled into a fist at the hope in Cas’ voice.
“Glad to be back,” Cas smiled and Sam settled into his seat.
Uh, fluids
He paid far more than was necessary, then pulled Dean away before he could protest.
“Gee, thanks.” Sam actually looked a little bit hurt, huh, this was a development Dean was certain he didn’t like.
“Not sure, maybe there’s a big strong guy somewhere around here who could help me?”
No time for the monsters are real speech, this ghost was angry, things could get real nasty real quick. He’d seen it far too many times before.
Dean wiped a hand down his face, swearing when he remembered that he was yet to wash the evidence of his crimes from them. He found a clean corner of his shirt and used it to get rid of the worst of the mess, knowing he wouldn't be able to clear the lingering stickiness without the aid of soap and water. Ugh, he hated mess, but he could worry about that later.
Gabe snorted, derisively digging into his third packet of chips.
“’m not too drunk, I still know what I want.”
“Oh yeah, and you’re so good at this.”
He could see confusion cloud Castiel’s expression, he wondered if the angel would even have the human knowledge to understand his meaning, then it cleared.
Rough oral
“You promised not to tell anyone!”
Blood
The position, the utter loss of control, sent Dean’s well honed fight and flight instincts into overdrive. The usual urge to kill clawed at him, thoughts of the knife in his boot, the gun in a holster beneath his leather jacket, the brass knuckles in his pocket. He could escape this, he should escape this, he shouldn’t want- but god did he want. His body relaxed, became pliant, and his mind emptied of thought.
“I don’t want that. I just want… I want you to hold me.” The vulnerability of those words shouldn’t have even registered after what he had told, what he had
Tags for this chapter:
The bell rang and Dean grabbed his bag, half out of the door before a voice stopped him in his tracks.
“Don’t forget who’s in charge.”
“Nights spent fucking and talking and just being together. Maybe somewhere by the sea. We could rent a boat on the weekends.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“And Balthazar.”
“Only one of us can win. That is the nature of the game.”
“Aww, you don’t want me?” The pout in his voice was deliberate and mocking, but he couldn’t claim the words didn’t sting, even as he was all too aware of the truth behind them. Still, truths could be changed.
Dean wrapped his fingers around his, pulling the gun back up and pressing it to his chest.
Dean snuggled closer to Cas, pressing against his body in a way that he hadn’t allowed himself to do in years.
“But you’re fiiiinnnee.” Cas woozily grinned.
He couldn't drag Sam back into his world, this filthy place full of death and destruction, couldn't tell him a thing he'd done in the years since they'd last seen each other. Best Sam thought he hated him, best he stayed away, away from him.
Cas grinned, and Dean couldn't help but grin back.
(See the end of the chapter for
A general blurring of the lines between flirting and trying to kill each other
Never say it? How long had he been thinking about this? Did he genuinely want- no, it was probably just because of the injury, he couldn’t be thinking straight, and Dean couldn’t let him do anything he’d regret.
Dean.
Bondage
“No, I don’t need one, just- just do it,” Cas raised a single eyebrow. “Sir, just do it Sir.”
"Do you want this Dean? Truly?"
Coming home had been such a stupid idea. He should have just let Cas kill him in the comforting numbness of that motel. Motels had history, but lacked memory, which was blissfully peaceful for someone like him. He was cursed with the ability to remember.
Dean looked down at the blood-soaked shirt the jacket had been hiding.
It didn’t take long to track down the cleaning lady. She was still slowly working through the rooms, the cart of bedding and bathroom supplies a clear sign of her whereabouts. Dean walked into the room on silent feet, the middle aged woman too focused on scrubbing a stain from the chipped tiles above the bathtub to notice his presence until he was on top of her. It was a simple thing, far too simple, to crack the unfortunate woman’s head against the side of the bath. He left her to bleed out, dead already. There was no time for ceremony, it was a plausible accident. He left the way he had come. He was certain there were no witnesses, no fingerprints, no cameras to prove his crime. The problem had been dealt with. The danger had passed, and another innocent person was dead because of him. His carelessness had cost her life.
“Michael is back. I can’t explain, I just need you to do as I ask.”
They’d had sex a few times, each careful touch helping him trust again, helping him
Chuck smiled in his sleep. The Winchesters hugging in heaven. Two brothers and the open road. Game of Thrones in redneck America. Heterosexual ever after. Both dead. Both redeemed. The way it was always supposed to be. He was not to be defeated, he was invincible, the beginning and the end, light and dark. He was everything. Just as it had always been. Destiny, his favourite invention.
Castiel raised an eyebrow suggestively and looked Dean up and down, with no attempt to cover up the moments where his gaze lingered on Dean’s lips, or the suddenly growing bulge in his pants. Dean blushed furiously.
Dean grinned at the phone and struggled to resist the urge to laugh.
************************
"Have you eaten?"
"Now that would be telling," yes, there was the smirk he'd heard in that voice, that unfairly sexy voice that was still sending chills through him even as fucked out as he was.
"Yes," it was barely more than a breath, barely a sound, but Cas didn't push him for more. He had heard, and he would deliver.
Why was this happening now? When he couldn’t trust that anything Cas said was true.
Cas led Dean through the door with a firm hand pressed to his lower back, a strange mixture of gentlemanly and demanding. It was strange enough to be at a restaurant with a man who he had barely spoken to aside from filth in the wake of a murder, he supposed he shouldn't be surprised that the date was already far from conventional. Cas seemed more likely to rip his throat out than kiss him goodnight, a thought that left him both disturbed and aroused.
Balthazar sat across the booth from him. Gabe beside Cas, an arm thrown over his shoulder, oblivious to the looks Balth was sending Cas’ way. He didn’t look happy, the killing was beginning to wear him down as much as Cas himself. Balthazar revelled in hedonism, not violence, and now violence was all there was room for. He just couldn’t seem to find the words to demand a return to the way things were, quieter in his rebellion than Gabe, saying more with his eyes than Cas was willing to show. Nonetheless he continued to flirt with everyone who crossed their path. Cas sighed as he watched him saunter up to the bar, effortlessly drawing the attention of a provocatively dressed brunette, a few words and they were heading towards the exit. Family time was the only respite they had, and Balthazar had abandoned it for sex. Cas shook his head, before his gaze was caught by another figure at the bar. Dean’s eyes were intensely focussed on him, smirking as he saw the shock on his face, then silently raising a glass to him and taking a long drink of the amber liquid.
Dean pulled away completely and walked over to the fridge, pulling out another beer. With a dejected tone, he said, "I'll just let you go to bed then. Sorry I interrupted."
"This isn't my father. My father wasn't a great man, but I know he loved me. Died for me. You're riding around in a man I don't know. But from what I've been told, he would only have said yes to you if he thought there was no other way to keep his sons alive. Which still makes your play weak. Because if you lied to him about Dean and Sam, told him Sam was the one who killed Dean, it still means the only reason a Winchester said yes to you is because you weren't strong enough to convince him without manipulation." Dean scoffs in his face. "You're the weakest version of Michael I've had the displeasure of meeting."
"It's better that it works out like this anyway. The episode of Dr. Sexy is supposed to get pretty hot, if the trailers are to be trusted." Dean waggled his eyebrows in a ridiculous manner, and it made Castiel laugh.
“Dean,” Castiel moaned in response. “I… want to feel you.” He began feverishly opening Dean’s shirt buttons, before losing patience and pushing the garment up with his hands, trying to get it over his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
Approaching the open door, he's hesitant to walk through. Like if he doesn't actually see what he's expecting, then it won't be real.
"Damn, sugar, you got a mouth made for sin." The vampire moans into his inner thigh, as he moves back from where he was tongue-fucking Castiel. He crawls up Castiel's body and kisses along the column of his neck, then starts slowly rubbing the pads of his fingers over Castiel's tongue.
Castiel startled, and nearly dropped the spatula. “Sorry, er…” Dean was gazing expectantly at him, and those eyes were so green. “Gregg… egg noodles. Egg, please.”
The grin that lit on Dean's face was breathtaking, and he had to avert his gaze as Dean grabbed his beer in his other hand and walked out of the kitchen to plop down on the couch.
Dean growled low, "Give it to me, love," and Castiel came across the bedspread, body shaking and mind deliriously blank of everything but Dean's term of endearment.
He's getting ready to round the corner, gun up and ready to fire, and the hand that grips it is one Dean now recognizes as belonging to one of the angels.
Castiel agrees with this plan of action, and he nods before they set off again towards Sam's room.
When Benny shakes his head, it looks like it takes a monumental effort. "Nah. I’m not. I… I’ll see you on the other side." There’s a slight pause before he breathes out, "I love you."
Michael’s eyes light up in glee at the struggle in front of him. “That’s right. Let a vampire tell you what to do. You always were weak, Dean.”
He could feel Dean's eyes tracking every inch of revealed skin. The hunter pulled him down so that they were finally naked flesh to naked flesh. "Later I want to worship every inch of you, Cas, but right now…" Dean worked his hand between their bodies and grasped Castiel's member that was already leaking fluid from its tip. He groaned as Dean tightened his grip, spreading the ejaculate and causing some delicious friction.
Castiel gave Dean a smile, that he hoped conveyed how pleased he was with this turn of events, and said, “It would make me very happy if you would find the nearest side road, pull over, and get immediately into the backseat.”
Castiel shakes off the memories, and follows Dean along the hallway, in the direction of what should be Sam's room. Dean is walking swiftly, but halts in the middle of the hall, spear thunking on the floor.
He unfastened the bear’s seatbelt and lifted it to push it over the back of the front seat. It was less pliable than he had hoped however, and it got stuck halfway, requiring help from Dean to get it out of the way completely.
"You okay, kiddo?" Dean knows she's going to hate that, but it will also give her a renewed fighting spirit.
When another demon runs towards him, and he uses the first one as a shield before shooting the second one, he knows he’s screwed. He needs to get to the kitchen right the fuck now, before something happens to Benny. And where the fuck is Cas?
Benny places a kiss right over Castiel's heart. "Want as much of you as I can have," he says softly, with a hint of sadness in his voice, "for as long as I can have you."
Castiel lifted his head and stared deeply into Dean’s eyes, knowing he wasn’t going to last much longer. Everything about being with Dean in such an intimate way was beyond his wildest imaginings. “I’ve wanted you for so long,” he whispered. “Wanted to touch you, to k…” He couldn’t hold it in any longer, and he gasped out as his orgasm rushed through him, and he spilled his seed over Dean’s hand.
Lucifer,” Castiel offers. “They’re both a danger to humanity.”
Benny uses Castiel's thighs to support himself as he starts fucking him even deeper, nailing Castiel's prostate every third or fourth stroke. He loves the ripple of muscle under the vampire's skin, the sweat starting to drip down that solid torso. Loves the way Benny has him positioned just right to see the way his dick is plunging into him with each brutal thrust.
They start bickering between themselves, and Benny snarks, "That's settled. The old married couple's got the bone."
"I do. He was a great guy, and he deserved better."
"You shouldn't be here. Any of you. You should all be dead."
Dean did as he was told and watched wide-eyed as Castiel began removing his own clothes; trench coat, blazer, shirt and tie, all of which were thrown on top of the poor unfortunate panda.
Michael’s wings flare out behind him threateningly, and Castiel exchanges a nervous glance with Chamuel. They hadn’t expected Michael to give up easily, but they also hadn’t expected this to happen either.
“My name is Castiel, and you don’t recognize me because I come from a different world. I’m helping Balthazar on this mission.”
“No,” Castiel admits, hoping Benny won’t decide not to fuck him. “I never wanted it until… I watched you with Dean.” He thinks for a moment and wonders if he can change Benny’s mind. “I could use my grace to open myself up… to make it easier for you.”
Plush lips suck lightly at the weight of his testicles, then trace up the length of his shaft, lingering at Castiel's frenulum.
"Which noodles are we using?"
Dean responds tersely. "I'm not
So he attempts to shake it off as best he can, pushes it to the back of his mind as something to not examine later, and schools his expression before rapping his knuckles on the door.
Dean pulls him into his arms, huddling around him like he's never letting Benny go. Burying his face in Benny's hair, he whispers, "I love you, too."
“Your comment about all the people we’ve lost; it made me think. It would be nice to spend time with Benny while we’re here; to get to know this version of him.”
"Are you going to let me feel those fangs?" Castiel strokes the pad of his thumb along Benny's upper lip until he feels the length of his canine. "Wouldn't you like to mark me?"
Benny wants to kill him too, but neither of them can, and if they break the circle, Michael will be able to break free. No matter how much this hurts, they’re going to have to keep the bastard here until Lucifer returns. “He wants you to do that. He’s playing with you… don’t let him.”
It's funny how Benny can reduce him to a trembling wreck. It's different with Dean; he seems to prefer Castiel to take charge, but Benny's all confidence, and apparently knows just how to push Castiel's buttons.
Benny rocks into him one last time, then collapses on top of him. He feels the vampire nuzzling into his neck, and his lips move against Castiel's pulse point. He wonders if Benny is going to bite him, but there's only sweet butterfly kisses.
Sariel leaves without a word, heading for the kitchen, where, presumably, Benny is. How in hell are they going to explain this to the guy? And where the fuck is Sam?
Not a second later his question is answered, as the main lights flicker and turn off, to be instantly replaced by the red emergency lights.
Dean reaches across and grabs that hand before Cas can touch himself. "If I wasn't dreaming, sunshine, you came on nothing but Benny's dick up your truly delectable ass at least once last night." He sits up and pouts, then continues, "And I wasn't awake enough to truly appreciate it. Do it again? For me?"
Dean chuckled and replied, "I get it. You like burgers, Cas? 'Cause I'm like that when I'm cooking those. Or pie."
Hearing those words of kindness from the vampire reminds Castiel of all the things he liked about their Benny. He was always so mindful of others – even though he was a creature of the night – fiercely loyal, and never less than dependable. “I–” Castiel starts, not wanting to say no, while acknowledging to himself that this is going to be extremely difficult.
They pause for a bit longer, then Dean nods at Castiel to open the door.
"Hey, Bobby. Can you hear me?" There was a gruff grunt on the other end of the line and the man continued. "Yeah, good. I'm up at Jody and Donna's cabin for the week, and there's some-" a glance in Castiel's direction and another eye roll- "dude here who looks like he should be doing my taxes or flashing old ladies. Says he's rented the place for the week from a friend of a friend. You mind setting him straight for me?"
There was a TV opposite the sofa, and Castiel knew that there was something he was interested in starting soon. “In front of the TV? There’s a documentary about bees I would like to watch.”
Dean, but it hurts nevertheless. He tells himself over and over that it’s a hunter he didn’t know, and ignores the way the situation makes his chest feel tight.
He feels Dean’s pain emanating from him, and he wants nothing more than to make this all better.
The vampire leans in and kisses him so hard he bruises Castiel's lips, not that he's complaining, because Benny thrusts one last time and comes inside him, hips softly rocking as his seed fills Castiel up.
He stood there for a minute or two, afraid to look over at the sofa where Dean was clearly ignoring him. He sighed as he tucked his shirt back in, feeling both pissed at himself for letting Dean slip through his fingers, and glad he’d spoken up before Dean used him then left. Because his reaction proved that’s all he was interested in, right?
(See the end of the chapter for
, Castiel thought, wondering why he was suddenly thinking of the stuffed toy as a sentient being.
Between the two of them, they give Dean's morning wood the treatment it needs. A few moments later three bodies are tangled together on the bed, sated and fucked out.
It's weird that neither Cas nor the other angels recognize each other. In every whacked out world they've been to, the angels always seem to know each other, regardless of the vessel they're inhabiting.
A scream pierces the air, echoing through both halls, and Dean moves to step forward as he sees a version of himself – gruffer, buffer, full-on beard – slam against the wall like he was thrown by someone far stronger than him. That Dean staggers forward, and he knows that stance, knows he's about to launch back into the fray. No sooner has he taken that first step, than a length of metal-tipped wood sails through the air, cleaving into Dean's chest and punching out the other side.
Castiel sat down next to him and grimaced. It was indeed lumpy as hell. “Are you sure you can sleep on this? I don’t think it’s a very good idea.” At least Jody wasn’t intentionally allowing them both to stay, leaving one of them to sleep on this sofa, Castiel mused.
Cas is standing at Dean's side, hand resting on the hunter's shoulder, and he acknowledges with regret tinging his voice, "I believe you're correct."
Inias’s head tilts in contemplation. It's a gesture that is far too familiar to Castiel, and he suddenly misses his friend desperately. "You're after
Deliberately avoiding even turning on the TV - because he didn’t even want to think about Dr. Sexy - he spent the rest of the evening reading his book. Or, more accurately, staring blankly at the same page until he fell asleep.
“I hate to rain on your parade,” Dean pipes up again, “but in our world, an archangel blade can only kill an archangel if it’s wielded by another archangel. I don’t suppose you got one of those lyin’ around?”
After closing the door, Dean turned to him and backed him against the car. Castiel was trapped between the cool chrome of the car’s bodywork and the firm muscly body of his favourite human, but he didn’t mind one bit. The intensity of their situation was intoxicating, as they gazed into one another’s eyes, until Dean took hold of Castiel’s tie and pulled him forward so that their lips were barely brushing.
“We’ll bring his body outside, and prepare a hunter’s funeral,” Chamuel says, kindly.
Other Dean is on his knees, blade pierced clean through, and like he can sense him, turns and gasps out something Dean isn't close enough to hear. But his doppelganger must get that because he spends his last breath shouting through the void.
Benny has already been made aware of the list of things they require, but he can sense the regret in the room at how quickly they burned Dean’s body. But they had no way of knowing, and Dean would have wanted a swift hunter’s funeral.
“It means I’m gonna take an extensive road trip to clear my head. All I know is that I have to get away, that I have this screaming urge within me to run away, and I’m not sure when I will come back. So that means… when you have moved here, to Sioux Falls, it might be that… that I’m not there.”
“Can you take off your shoes at least?” Bobby grumbled, whereupon Dean just replied a braindead “huh”. The next second, he felt Bobby’s hands working on him, untying his boots and pulling them off with a soft thudding noise.
"You're reckless and impulsive," Cas noted sternly. Then he looked up at Dean from under his lashes, heat burning in his eyes.
“I was afraid to call you that, but now I’m not afraid anymore. I love you both, and you’re both my dads, right? But I call Cas already ‘dad’, so I thought you might be okay with ‘Pa’.”
With satisfaction, Dean watched Castiel laying underneath him, lolling in the sheets erotically as one wave after the other consumed him, made him whimper and moan in turns. Dean was nothing but mesmerized with the beauty in front of him. And then he felt it too, creeping up on him. He was swaying on his knees, felt dizzy, hot and sweaty as he kept thrusting into Cas forcefully. Then there was a white-hot wave of pleasure cursing through his veins, making him loose and tense up at the same time. He enjoyed the lightness, the surge of nothing but electric bliss, as he gave in to his orgasm, ejaculating again and again into the condom.
. It was unambiguous, it was painfully clear, and Dean's heart throbbed with a hysteric pace, threatening to gallop off nonchalantly. In his jeans he sensed an uncomfortable thumping tightness, suddenly it was so very hard to swallow or breathe or think. His every focus was solely directed at the growing bulge in his pants and the seductive, taciturn being he held in an awkward embrace from behind. He thought he could hear the shaky exhales escaping Castiel's sinful mouth nervously, a whole body shudder made Castiel tremble delicately. He still wasn't turning his face towards Dean's when the words slipped away.
“Yeah, yeah, I hear you.”
Dean smiled at the given daydream, thought it had some appeal. With his thumb, he stroked over the back of Castiel’s hand, watched the firelight dance on his clean-cut features. A part of him wished Castiel could lead this life, that he could join him in this fantasy.
Dean nodded against Castiel's head, bringing his face down so that he could hide it on the younger man's shoulder. He knew he must have looked desperate, holding on to Castiel so tightly and breathing him in greedily, but he just couldn't help it. His heart boomed furiously in his chest, with every second it became harder to fight the words rising up inside of him.
They walked hand in hand through the dark corridor into Castiel's bedroom, slowly due to Dean's healing leg. Dean thought it should have felt a little awkward that he was following Castiel, so composed and heedlessly, but he couldn't help feeling like he belonged here, that Castiel presence felt all kinds of homely to him. They lay down and Castiel tucked them both up with a satisfied smile on his admirable lips. The silver moonlight shone strongly that night and created subtle greyish shadows. When they shifted and lay side to side, their faces turned to one another, Dean perceived the fine shadows of Castiel's lashes falling on his pale cheeks. He looked unearthly beautiful in the shimmering moonlight, his skin resembled marble, his eyes burnt with a strange, intense radiance as they were fixed on Dean's. Blindly Dean searched for Castiel's hand and intertwined their fingers gently with each other. Underneath the warm blanket their legs were entangled with each other quite naturally. Dean smelt the comforting scent of Castiel lingering in the pillows and he smiled happily. His lids closed, fatigued with silken slumber – Castiel's thumb stroked Dean's incessantly. He felt loved and welcome, like he was in good hands.
Benny cheerfully whistled and walked away to fetch his cellphone. Dean gazed after him, had a bad feeling about this, as if something big was going to happen tonight, something with the power to change his life for good.
"Come on, Cas, they weren't that bad.”
A few minutes later Castiel was sitting in a cab which drove him home safely through the night. He wasn't the type of men that drank and drove – possibly because he had seen too many fatal victims at scenes of accidents, or because his morals were quite austere. He felt drowsy and a little drunk while he listened to the cab's radio playing quiet jazz songs. The driver didn't speak and Castiel was glad for that. What would you talk about with a cabman anyways after letting him pick you up from a frigging brothel? Castiel also wasn't the guy that boasted with gory details about his sex life, and he wasn't a fan of people oversharing. He closed his lids and rested his heavy head against the cold window of the backseat, concentrating on the pleasantly calming music. In his mind's eye a pair of green knowing eyes flared up and he felt heat returning to his cheeks. He smiled when the cheeky perfect lips reappeared in his memory; somehow he knew they would give him some lovely troubled dreams.
"As you can imagine, my leg still needs the treatment. Or have you turned into a physiotherapist overnight? Also, what if the demon comes back for him, huh? What if I'm not there to protect him?" he retorted. He was seething with anger, and he couldn't help but sound hostile as he spat these words at Sam. His little brother's snarky, "Yeah, right," made Dean fume and see red.
He held Castiel tighter in his arms and sought for his eyes, giving him a steady, collected gaze when their eyes met at last. Castiel's mouth fell open, obviously overwhelmed by Dean's vehemence. In this moment Dean wanted to make thousand promises he knew he would never keep. Anything to calm Castiel and to reassure him of his feelings for him. He wanted to tell him he would never hurt him, that this thing between them would last forever. That he would always keep him save and love him everyday like it was his last on earth – but he surely knew he could never live up to his and Castiel's expectations. This simply wasn't a fairytale, there were no helping gods, no divine fate which would keep them together. This was the gruesome reality in which people died, in which people went separate ways and fought and argued... So Dean kept his mouth shut. The least thing he could do was to lean forward and tilt his head to kiss Castiel with all he had. They both shut their lids and melted into each other, Castiel became limp in Dean's arms and nestled against him longingly.
Castiel took a deep breath, felt more tears coming to his eyes, even though he hadn’t thought it possible to cry more. The remorsefulness of Dean’s words, the obvious torment of his soul, his sincere apology… it deeply moved him. He closed his eyes, fought an inner battle with himself. There were different voices waging war against each other: One of them told him to forget about Dean, to walk away, and never look back for what he had done to Anna. The other voice was full of compassion, knew with conviction that Dean hadn’t meant to hurt him, that he hadn’t been himself. That latter voice was stronger, vibrated with the ardent love Castiel still felt for Dean. He wiped a tear away from his eye, noticed his fingers were trembling with commotion. He harrumphed, cried silently when he heard Dean’s shaky sobs at the other end of the line. All he wanted to do right now was to take Dean into his arms, give him comfort, and seek the same comfort in his loving embrace.
"You know, Dean, that's why most of the people are here, if you ask me. They always think they need to do this or that and they bite off more than they can chew, and whoops! They're hurting themselves and end up here. The world has to learn to get along without you. Don't you think we've got stuff to do, too? Hell, Garth here has a whole farm, his wife has to organise everything until he's healed. No matter what you do, it won't accelerate the healing process of your leg, got it? So you better find yourself something to do in here before you lose your mind", Ash rambled, and Dean actually took it to heart. He nodded wordlessly and grabbed the course catalogue, which lay on the table, making Garth laugh heartily and Ash grin. Listlessly he skimmed the pages, getting stuck when he saw a poetry course, which would discuss known writings. It was twice a week, right after lunch; he had secretively always been interested in poetry, how people were able to make you feel such strong emotions with just a few lines. To this day, no one he knew was even aware of his hidden love for rimes and verses, but he decided to give this offer a try.
"I don't want this to end," Dean confessed with a hoarse voice, groaning when Castiel tugged at his hair roughly. Once more Castiel stiffened and became even harder in Dean's hand. Dean looked down as he kept jerking them off. Their precome was mingling, their heated skin slid lewdly together, created a wonderfully sweet friction. He watched the fine protruding sinew on Castiel's purple, rock-hard dick pulsate vigorously as he kept stroking him with forceful up and down movements, spreading their precome on their erections generously. God, he would never forget this sight... Whole-body shudders overwhelmed him; he felt the first waves of his orgasm creeping up on him. Black dots appeared in his vision, and he thought he couldn't breathe properly any longer.
“Yeah,” he sighed, his eyes glued to the sinking sun, reminding him that everything had its season.
Dean sighed and unbuckled his seatbelt, while Castiel did the same. They got out of the car and walked up the lawn. Dean couldn’t help but detect the haunted look in Castiel’s eyes when he examined the building thoughtfully, how tense and anxious he suddenly seemed.
“I think I'll have a lie-down in the back-seat...” he said, turning off the radio and the heater.
"You didn't seem to object, though," he talked back, making Dean chuckle. He leaned forward and deposited a chaste, long-lasting kiss on Castiel's forehead, hearing him sigh high-pitched. When he finally persuaded himself to let go, he saw the most delighted, bright sparkle burning in Castiel's eyes, he smiled gently at him.
“You know, over there, there’s a camping site with a few cabins you can rent. It’s always pretty crowded there in the spring and summer. However, what many don’t know, is that over there…” Castiel pointed to the western side of the lake, which was surrounded by denser woods, already plunged into impenetrable darkness.
„Dean, stop,” he heard Castiel groan from the ground. He was about to ignore it. But then Castiel’s hand clasped Dean’s clothed ankle cautiously, his fingers digging into the fabric of Dean’s overall. The touch was asking, not holding him back, just asking him to respect Castiel’s wish. And suddenly, all of Dean’s anger vanished. He looked down, capturing Castiel’s eyes looking up into his, and their expression was so pleading, so soulful… it really brought Dean down to his knees, and he sank down next to Castiel. Blindly he reached for his hands and helped him get up carefully, slowly. Castiel’s one side of the face already looked terribly swollen and red. Aaron must have had one hell of a punch. Still, the fire burning in Castiel’s eyes, as he beheld Aaron, was hot and fearless, as their eyes locked and their wills battled with each other.
He was ill-humored after lunch. He was in no mood for company, having the mindfulness he would probably only dampen the mood of everyone around him. Dean thought he should have been excited, that there should have been at least some sparks of cheerfulness within him in regard to this Saturday's evening when he would see Castiel again. But he was simply too uptight and stressed with his brooding that he couldn't really look forward to their date tonight. There were many things which bothered Dean today. Maybe it was just a temporary blues, and tomorrow he'd be able to laugh about himself and shake his worries off – but today he felt like he had fallen into a deep, black hole, and there was no way to escape it.
Dean and Cas had donned dark blue matching tuxedos, getting dressed up for the special occasion; the only fine distinction between their outfits, however, was Castiel’s tie was crimson, while Dean’s was cerulean. Now they were both standing at the open garden gate, welcoming one guest after the other; Sam and Jess were also there helping them and directing the guests inside, showing them around. Dean gave his partner a side glance, read the great nervousness on his features. It was their first time they played in front of such a big crowd, so their nerves were understandably quite frayed. Over three hundred people had come, their garden was packed with people. All neighbors had come, their colleagues, friends, Dean’s family, Jessica’s family, just about everyone they knew, willing to support their charity event. Their guests were chattering loudly, mingling, laughing, while they got themselves drinks and food, donating whatever they felt like into the donation boxes on the bar tables. Tonight, they were collecting money for the children’s home Castiel had stayed in after his mother had passed – he still felt connected to the institution, obliged to return something to them.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes, something like that. So, what do you say: We’ll tell our families everything tomorrow, and in the evening, we’ll meet again in private.”
Dean had never heard the term, and his lack of knowledge must have been obvious, for Charlie started explaining.
Castiel had to endure his weekly staff meeting like every other Tuesday, so Dean and Sam had plenty of time to pick up where they had left off. They called various hunters they knew as well as some acquaintances of their dad, asking them a few questions about the topic of their experiences with demons. At the end of the day they had gathered enough material to determine a certain cluster that announced the presence or the manifestation of a demon walking on the earth. Dean studied their notes, twisting his bottom lip between his teeth, deeply lost in thoughts.
All of a sudden, Zachariah opened his eyes again. He moved his right arm, the one under John’s upper body, out of his sight. But Dean saw it. A silvery, shining thing.
When he came down slowly, still panting and soaked with sweat, he let his hand fall down on his forehead. Realization hit him hard, that he felt immensely attracted to Dean. And he had no clue what to do about it.
The stranger’s hands suddenly grasped Dean’s shoulders, holding on to him as if he was holding on for dear life, as they kissed again and again and again. Breathless, Dean parted from him for a second, beheld the gorgeous angel in front of him. He was panting, his cheeks reddened, his lips glowing red as they had been wonderfully abused by Dean’s caresses.
The moment he opened it and realized what he was holding in his hands, Castiel turned into stone. He noticed a joyful twinge in his chest and warmth flooded him, a warmth that touched the foundations of his heart. He could not hide the touched smile nor the tears welling up in his eyes – his throat constricted terribly, an aching lump of affection wanted to choke him. There he saw his own face on the white sheet, a rough sketch of his face drawn with lead pencil, but though it was a rough sketch, it was unblemished. He could make out every fine line, his nose, his mouth, his forehead, even his ruffled hair, everything was correctly captured. His eyes were shut and the expression of his face seemed sensual, as if he was having sex in that drawing, and he blushed when he tried to picture the state Dean had been in when had drawn it. It was obvious that someone who thought dearly of him had drawn this, and he knew what it meant to Dean to draw again.
When Jo had finished her song, there was a loud cheer and appreciative whistling. Dean smirked when Jo had made them out and walked over to them. Her cheeks were reddened and her hair a little sweat-soaked. She was puffing and blowing when she sat down at their table.
“That bastard Dean Montague did it. Raphael and Michael saw everything. Anna killed Benny, and that sonofabitch killed Anna in return. Then he made a getaway before Raphael and Michael could take vengeance. They’re at the police station now, giving their witness report. That Montague scumbag is still out there, but either the police or we are going to get him. Anna’s… Anna’s body will be brought to our house in an hour so that… we can say goodbye.”
to see Castiel again. He wanted this affinity, he couldn't help but feel close to Castiel at all manner of levels. The gleeful smile creeping on Castiel's mouth spoke volumes, and in the next second, Dean found himself embraced by Castiel, the therapist's arms around his shoulder, and Dean's forehead pressed cosily against Castiel's dressed torso. He sighed and enjoyed how Castiel's hands stroked along his back recurringly. It felt so intimate, as if they knew each other for years – in this peaceful moment, Dean had no doubts, no fears, he just merged in Castiel's caresses.
“I know.”
Sammy gave him a heartfelt bear-hug, Dean could feel him grin against his nape. John patted his oldest son’s shoulder kindly and muttered something about “favored by fortune”. Dean hugged Sam back and felt like the luckiest man on the planet. He would see Castiel again. He had received another chance to live his life. It truly felt like he had been favored by fortune, he had to agree with his father.
“See you later,” Cas said and kissed Dean’s cheek once more. Then he walked to the front door and left the house. Nothing but stupidly infatuated, Dean touched his own cheek, where Castiel had kissed him, thinking he could still feel his lips lingering on his skin. He had pins and needles in his stomach, his hormones going haywire. Bobby glared at him knowingly, and Dean blushed and looked away.
Dean suppressed this train of thought swiftly, harrumphing and acting as if nothing had permeated his mind. Even if he craved for it, he didn't think he could actually act on these wishes. Just the idea of telling it to Castiel, of asking him to take him! What if he didn't like the prospect? What if he preferred Dean penetrating him and the other man suggesting to return the favor was just too uncomfortable for him? Castiel caught some of his brooding looks and sent him one fond smile after the other to cheer Dean up, even though he didn't know what had come over his lover.
Dean was reflective the whole day through, thinking about his conversation with Castiel. Cas made him feel privileged for his different lifestyle, though Dean was certain, he wouldn't repeat his words as soon as he knew everything about Dean, as soon as he saw the whole, ugly truth behind the farce. He was so quiet, Ash and Garth were giving him worried looks as they sat in the common room and played poker.
“I gotta blindfold you, buddy. It’s a surprise.”
“I like this place, it’s… peaceful,” he offered.
Dean stopped attacking his apple pie and again their glances clashed with each other, and the hint of a grin graced Dean's mouth while he was chewing his pie. Castiel thought it was weird how easily he could talk about himself or whatever was preoccupying him whenever he was in Dean's company. He could lose himself smoothly in their conversations, because Dean was so accessible and responded so swiftly to him – it seemed like a dance they mastered skilfully as they danced together, as if they were fish swimming through the ocean – all of it felt natural and as if it had been planned for them, like they were destined to meet and to interact with each other. It felt perfect and the frenzy it caused between them, the way it heated up the air they were breathing, was almost palpable.
"We reek. Do you want to join me in the shower?" Castiel deadpanned and Dean laughed heartily, overjoyed when Castiel joined him and chuckled lightly. He nodded and intertwined his fingers with Castiel's. Unbearable lightness took a hold of him as he allowed Castiel to lead him out of his bedroom. He was slowly walking with a limp, but it was alright, because Castiel made sure he didn't fall or stumble. Dean considered their interlaced hands, smiling fondly to himself. As long as Castiel didn't draw back, he wouldn't do so either.
wearing Dean’s hoodie, nothing else. Dean swallowed aroused, his eyes feasting on Cas’ firm naked thighs, drowning in Cas’ challenging come-hither behavior as he looked right at the camera. One of his hands rested on the hoodie, the other lay on the inside of his thigh, apparently stroking upward. It was the hottest thing ever, encouraged Dean’s wildest fantasies. He breathed through several times, tried to compose himself. Then he replied back with nervous fingers, itching to pleasure himself asap or he would burst.
He felt weightless, his heart thundered inside of him. Shaky, moist breaths of his lover fanned against his lower lip, luring Dean to close the merest distance between them. He planted a firm kiss on Castiel's yielding mouth, sensing the smile on his lips. It was contagious, and Dean was soon smiling too. Then they morphed into emotion-driven beings and shared more intoxicating kisses. As their lips skimmed over one another, only to intensify their open-mouthed kisses again with fine pressure, Dean vibrated with love and satisfaction. His hands wandered up and down Castiel's back, stroking and squeezing him gently; he felt Castiel pressing his body closer and closer to his, it was so very strenuous to hold back the affection they felt for each other in this moment. It was the impossible wish they had both had for weeks, which was now coming true, contrary to their expectations.
“Oh, she’s good. But she has started complaining about me as if I am the only one to blame for all of this. You know, she looks as if she is carrying a little basketball under her shirt by now – ouch, ouch, Jess, stop hitting me,” Sam laughed. Hearing the couple bickering made Dean inexplicably happy. He smiled to himself, feeling nothing but joy for the two. Jess was pregnant, and as she was now in the second trimester of her pregnancy, so it was natural that her middle was growing. He still couldn’t believe that soon he would be an uncle, that his baby brother would be a father.
Dean enveloped Castiel gently, one hand clasping Castiel's waist gingerly. Thunderstruck Castiel turned into stone in Dean's arm, the heat of his flesh radiating brutally from him, and when his cautious clumsy hug warmed Castiel, he couldn't withstand leaning against the other man's chest, his forehead falling to Dean's shoulder, where he pillowed it quite naturally. The half-empty bucket of ice was still between them, and to embrace each other while they sat cross-legged became quickly inconvenient; Dean laughed softly and disengaged from Castiel, and his deep green eyes where alight with a blazing, heated fire, that made Castiel breathless and giddy with infatuation. Without speaking Dean quickly put the ice away and laid down on his back, signalling Castiel to do the same. Soon they lay on their sides, facing each other, unable to stop looking into the other's eyes.
“Kind of. Though he’s… well, he’s taken some time for himself to clear his head. He’s been through some tough stuff before he met me, so…”
"Hey, it's you who brought up these worries, so let's erase them once and for all. I don't think it's going to be dead easy for me as well, but I'm willing to give it a try, if it makes you feel more certain about this."
"You have feelings for me?" Castiel cooed, passion clearly visible in his melancholic glance. Dean smiled at the timid man – by all appearances Castiel seemed surprised about Dean's confession, as if he couldn't imagine someone falling for him so quickly. Dean squeezed Castiel's fingers compassionately and leaned forward to press a soft, innocent kiss on his lover's stubbly cheek, feeling him tense up a bit.
“What was that?” Jack asked bemused. Castiel patted his shoulder amicably and regarded the photo of Kelly again, forever smiling at everyone beholding her grave. He wondered what it meant, if it even meant something – but he was suddenly reminded of the time when his mother had died and when the same thing had happened to him. Deep inside of him, Castiel knew it had been a given sign, a path shown to him from above. He inhaled shakily, understood the magnitude of the message, instinctively knew what he had to do. He had been given an order to look out for the boy, and even though he was afraid, he was willing to follow the order.
Only now, while he told this gruesome tale to Sam, he fully understood how lucky Castiel was, that he had gotten out and to a safe place before Aaron could have done even more damage. There were too many cases on the news of men and women not making it out in time, whose tombs were now joining the club of the deceased in the graveyard.
"Though that is an issue we need to talk about sooner or later, I came here because of job-related occurrences. I gathered all the information I could get my hands on within the last days. What do you think: which town in a two hundred miles radius has the most weather-related abnormalities? Electric storms in the neighboring city, hailstorms a few miles away from here... not to mention the temperature fluctuations and Castiel's possession..."
“Where are you? Are you okay?” he asked in a breathless voice.
Cas breathed out through his nose, clearly expressing his disapproval.
Dean's hands touched Castiel's chest, their warmth most welcome on Castiel's night-chilled skin. His breathing hitched the moment Dean moved forward and tilted his head, their mouths crashed together to a slow, museful kiss. Castiel closed his lids, then he kissed him with all the love he felt for him, trying to convey all the unspoken words and praises to him he was struggling to voice. Dean let him kiss him, and Castiel ate his fill on those plump, tempting lips. He sucked in Dean's bottom lip with his own, only to nibble at it with his teeth. Boldly he placed his arms around Dean's neck and drew him in, their kisses became frantic again, their erratic exhales fanned against their blushing cheeks. Dean disentangled himself briefly from Castiel, and when they shared a pensive long look, Castiel felt dumbstruck – Dean's kiss-swollen lips were pure sin, his dilated pupils scanned over Castiel's face as if he wanted to devour him, and Castiel realized he was getting hard again.
Out of nowhere, their hands developed a life of their own as they tugged and pulled at the other man, sliding over chests and backs desirously, causing a havoc. Their mouths met and crashed together in gut-wrenching, longing kisses that left Dean dumbfound and quavering with maddening pleasure. It felt like Castiel's hands were all over him, taking charge of him easily, and Dean wanted nothing more than to lose himself in the nerve-wracking caresses Castiel gave him. Their tongues glided along each other's intimately, Dean fisted Castiel's hair fiercely and inclined his head to deepen the sensual kiss. He heard a high-pitched whimper that let hot thunderbolts pass through him, Castiel clutched his shoulders firmly as lust grew within them increasingly.
"Don't tell me it bothers you," Castiel rasped in a husky voice, making Dean's flesh crawl easily. He gulped heavily, hypnotized by the man in front of him, his hands roaming over his torso greedily. In an instant Dean let his crutches fall without hesitation, he shifted his body weight on his sane leg and allowed his hands to frame Castiel's heated face. Castiel's eyes became glassy, shuddering breaths came over his lips, and before Dean knew what was happening Castiel's fingernails dug into the flesh of his hips – he turned him around in his arms and they were falling on Castiel's bed clumsily. Dean felt the weight of Castiel's lithe body moving on him, how the other man shifted and wrapped his legs around his hips. Automatically Dean's hands framed the other's waist, slid underneath his shirt, his fingertips stroked over the protruding, sharp hipbones slowly. He looked up into Castiel's face hovering closely above his; it felt cathartic to drown in his eyes. And though Dean felt nervous and almost afraid, as befuddled as he hadn't felt in ages, he couldn't help but hunger for more, even if that meant it would wreck him.
“You’re really good with kids, do you know that?” Cas suddenly said, his voice low and utterly relaxed. Dean smiled wistfully as memories of his childhood returned – how often he had taken care of Sammy, how he had more or less adopted the maternal and paternal role due to John’s incompetence… yeah, he knew he was good with kids. There had been a time in his life when he had to be, when there hadn’t been a choice about it.
“Won’t you have to endure a lot of awkward conversations about what happened to your face and why you were gone for a week?”
Thank you all for your ongoing support and your lovely reviews, they really make my day every time I see another x) I hope you like the next chapter… *wink wink*
Beta Reader: A heartfelt thank you to the lovely
However, the man took the wind out of Castiel's sails as he bend his upper body forward and brought his lips exceptionally close to Castiel's mouth. The green predatory eyes aroused his attention while he breathed in the hot exhales of the man fanning against his jaw and bottom lip. He saw a waggish smile illuminating the man's whole face and Castiel was torn between awe and a thrill of pleasure. The way the prostitute smiled, combined with his clear green eyes, made Castiel's stomach tingle with a sentiment of weightlessness.
Above him Castiel squeaked with pleasure, one shaky hand clutched Dean's hair brutally and pulled at it feverishly. Spurred on by this reaction, Dean repeated the movement; he used the breadth of his tongue to wet the sensitive skin, feeling Castiel's whole body shudder. All of it was warm and moist and oh so intimate, it made Dean's head spin. He was driven mad by his own lust when he dared to let the tip of his tongue breach the rim of Castiel's hole, gently forcing his way inside that narrow tunnel. He would never forget the sound Castiel made in that moment; it was a sound of pure relief, and Dean felt him opening up for him, so that he could shove his whole tongue deeper into him. He sensed the subtle pressure of Castiel's hand on the back of his head, urging him to continue whatever it was he was doing, because, apparently it was good.
Instantly, Castiel started sobbing, couldn’t control his bodily reactions. His features turned to a grimace of pain as he cried. He felt stabbed to death, a dagger had been rammed into his heart. Zachariah met his look with caution, sympathy coming to his face at seeing his son in so much pain. Hesitantly, he approached Castiel, took a few steps towards him. Castiel raised a warning hand, stopped his father. He didn’t want his pity. He knew the cold-heartedness of his father, knew that this man was incapable of love. Sweet Anna, fierce Anna. Her face appeared in Castiel’s mind, her warm smile, her glorious laughter. Was she really dead? This was all a nightmare. Frantically, he wiped away the tears from his cheeks, harrumphed. New tears immediately rolled down his cheeks and he couldn’t suppress the woeful sobs escaping his mouth.
“Look, I know it doesn’t look like much right now. But with a little bit of paint, nice flooring, and the right furniture, this place could really look awesome. And it’s our own. No more rents.”
“I brought you a little something to eat and drink… How are you feeling, Dean?” Castiel asked quietly, honest interest seeping through. Dean sat up a little and estimated the stuff Castiel had brought him – two sandwiches, an apple, a glass of water, and a little bottle of grape juice. It made Dean smile, not only the consideration of Castiel’s action, but also that he had brought him grape juice, for it was known to help against bad migraine attacks. Had Castiel known that?
"Well, and you look all sorts of hot when you're doing climb-ups. Gives a guy some steaming ideas, you know…"
Dean barely listened to other people passing him by, didn’t take heed of them. He was sealed off in his own world, a bubble of timelessness. For the first time in a long while, he was utterly happy, so happy it almost scared him. The sun turned orange, its rays losing strength when afternoon turned to early evening. The light glimmered golden on the ocean’s surface. Dean stopped to watch the seagulls flying over his head, breathed in the salty fresh air. Evening was at hand, his reunion with Castiel imminent. In the distance, he made out a church steeple, its clock revealing it was already five-thirty. With swift steps, Dean started his way to Gabriel’s chapel.
“Hey, it’s okay, Cas. I can take care of myself. And you’ve got other things to focus on, like your own stuff… how you’re doing, buddy? Are you okay?”
There was a brief moment of silence, and Dean wondered if Castiel had hung up or if Aaron had woken up again.
“I knew it,” Dean said, bit on his bottom lip. For a while, the seconds elapsed, brooding silence ensued. Dean had his eyes closed, seemed to listen to his insides and ponder about the words Castiel had just said. Cas was breathless, thoughtless, just felt this aching need making his heart bleed. Blatant fear was coursing through him. What if Dean didn’t want the same thing? And the fear was omnipresent, filled every of Castiel’s cells – he knew he needed to take care of Jack, couldn’t find any rational reason for it, but knew he had to do this. And if Dean didn’t want this… the last thing Cas wanted was to lose Dean. At last, Dean opened his eyes, turned his head, and looked directly at Castiel. A fierce fire was burning in his tantalizing green eyes. A winning, small smile played around the corners of his kissable mouth. While holding Castiel’s look, Dean blindly reached for Cas’ left hand, brought it to his face. He kissed Cas’ wedding band softly, nodded a little.
“I was desperate. I felt trapped, as if there was no other choice for me but this one. Out, gone…”
By the way, I know this story is far from perfect, and there were a few opportunities I didn't develop, though I came up with them (e.g. Alastair and Castiel's emotional disturbances...). Also, you should know, I'm not a native speaker, English is my second language, so I'm absolutely thrilled I could obviously make you understand what I was writing lol x3 so please excuse the mistakes you've found, on top of the story not having a beta reader. Now, I'll stop bashing myself and just enjoy that I've finished this story and that some people seemed to have liked it x3 By the way, if you have any proposals for another Destiel-fic (lengthy, short, I don't mind) I could or should write, I'd love to read your ideas!
They didn’t speak for the rest of the ride. But Castiel’s hand found Dean’s, which was still resting on his thigh. And he let it rest on Dean’s quite naturally, and squeezed Dean’s hand once, as if he wanted to thank him for his wordless support. Dean’s throat corded up with a stinging hurt that was close to joy. He was melancholic and sangfroid at the same time – he didn’t even know how it was possible to feel this torn and happy at once.
"I really don't have the intention to gain your pity or complain about my oh-so-cruel fate, but, you know... sometimes I can't stop thinking about how much I'd like to see her again,... and it's just hard to understand how this is doing her justice... As her older brother I had always tried to protect her, because she was so carefree and wild, and... I would have never thought that a disease would rob me of her..."
"Stop flirting, Dean. Or I'm coming inside to get you."
?" Sam argued. Dean felt a fierce blush coming to his cheeks, scorching heat soared in his stomach, constricted his throat. He understood Sam was somewhat angry with him, but it was none of his business where he spend an evening at, or more importantly, with
(See the end of the chapter for
„Yeah, buddy, I was the same when I had Purple Nurples for the first time,” Dean admitted. Castiel frowned at him, incredulity written all over his face.
"Apart from a shitty workday... you're okay?" Dean asked quietly, hearing the odd quaver in his low voice. Castiel turned his head so that his right cheek was lying on the pillow, Dean could see the other half of his face. His smile became brittle when he regarded Castiel's slackened countenance – there was the tiniest, yet undying smile on his sinful mouth, his lids were trustfully shut.
„You’re full of surprises, Dean. Really? How come?”
"Oh yeah? Tell me, how did you two send Alastair to prison? I mean, it's not like everybody has been trying to do that for the last few years... I'm just curious to know how exactly you managed it", Gabe fluted gently, a mischievous twinkle in his eyes.
"You don't need to justify yourself, Dean. I'm sorry, I won't comment on it again", Castiel stated, his voice sounding absolutely circumspectly, then he averted his gaze; to Dean, it resembled regret and shame. Flabbergasted he watched Castiel lay down on a mat beside him, mirroring his position.
Dean looked at him one more time, then he rushed away to the Impala. People were shying away from him, muttered aflutter, when he sat down behind the wheel, started the engine. With squealing tires, he drove off, at breakneck speed. He glimpsed briefly at the rearview mirror, watched the beach disappear in the distance. Hot tears were streaming down his cheeks without end, he wiped them away angrily. He didn’t know where he was driving to, just away, away from the horrid things he had just witnessed.
“Listen, boy, maybe it’s time for you to relax and calm down somewhat. After what you’ve been through… well, I would get drunk and sleep all day, and if you wanna do that, I certainly won’t blame you. Maybe it will do you some good to just take your time and have some time for yourself. If you show up at work today, the way you look, it will only cause problems. And that’s the last thing you need right now,” Bobby said. Dean watched the hesitant smile coming to life on Castiel’s lips. He nodded solemnly and undid his tie with a long sigh.
"You don't believe me", he stated dryly, feeling the cracks of his heart the longer he stood here in front of Dean, the door separating them (which was probably sensible, the way Dean wasn't himself at the moment).
He noticed the sharp inhale from his partner, the odd trembling of his shoulders. Then he knew Castiel was crying silently, finally coming to terms with their unavoidable, cruel future. Dean turned around to him, brought their warm naked bodies closer as they regarded one another face to face. He smiled tenderly at Castiel, let a hand run through his nightly dark hair.
“It’s okay, Dean, it’s okay. Let me go,” Cas wheezed, moved his head a little so that he could look at his partner. Dean didn’t get the chance to argue or to intervene – Aaron already inched towards the side entrance, one arm wrapped around Cas’ middle, the other holding the gun against his head. He was walking backward, keeping Dean in his sight. Dean felt utterly helpless, out of his depth, as he watched the man he loved being taken away from him. This was like Lisa all over again. He couldn’t lose another partner! His heart was crying out for Cas, but there wasn’t much he could do. If he tried to shot Aaron now, he might actually be able to pull the trigger and hurt Cas – Dean couldn’t risk that.
They dressed and cleaned up quickly then, hearing the bodyguard's shouts outside growing ever louder. When Castiel was decently looking, he got up and turned around to Dean, who was still lying on his well-used bed with a smug grin; Castiel let his fingers glide through Dean's short cropped hair, trying to memorize the deep green of Dean's eyes as he drown in the dark orbs.
"No, I'm trying to be romantic, you ungrateful wretch!"
The woman told him about her issues with squeaking breaks and asked him if he could have a look at that. Dean shrugged, then looked over to Benny who was working on a car in the adjacent workshop. Sure, he had time. He donned a warm jacket and went outside with her. Soon he examined the car in detail. He knew all about cars, knew how to rebuild them from scratch, how to repair them. They were like a treasure trove to him. It was always like detective work to him to figure out what was wrong with them - never a boring day at work. But this time, it was pretty obvious what was wrong.
His father, John Montague, had raised his kids like soldiers, wanted them to be prepared, ready for a fight. Dean remembered a childhood heavily shaped by the hours-long harsh lessons their father had put him and Sammy through. Today, Sam and Dean were masters of all weapons imaginable, ranging from a pocket knife to a grenade launcher, they could do martial arts, and knew all other kinds of tricks for survival. Dean certainly knew how to kill a man with his bare hands, where to press and where to hit if he ever was weaponless – but he usually carried his favorite gun, was practically never unarmed, and even though he couldn’t count all the fights he had been a part of, he had never killed someone. Yet. He didn’t expect a long life for any of them, guessed the Capulets and Montagues would continue the slaughtering until there would be nobody left. And they all probably deserved it, Dean thought grimly. There was enough blood on both families’ hands to defile entire oceans.
On Friday, to his surprise and delight, Sam unexpectedly called. It cheered Dean up greatly to hear his younger brother’s voice. They had talked to one another on the phone within the last weeks, from time to time, but Dean had kept his mouth shut concerning him and Cas – he hadn’t looked forward to another tirade from Sam, scolding him that he was acting unwise or maybe even just on a whim. Also, Dean hadn’t really wanted to share his assumptions with his brother, it was way too personal for him – for weeks, he and Cas had flirted and danced around one another, and only in the last two weeks, things had really become more serious. So, no, Dean hadn’t seen any point in confessing all of this to Sam. In the here and now, however, things looked different now. Dean needed someone to open up to, was a mess, and no one knew him better than his brother; they had always been able to talk to one another openly…
And here, in this silly moment – one moment, of which Dean knew that it would change everything mercilessly – the difference between their footwear made him see the overall image clearly, and he understood how he had lived in a dream for the last month. That this relationship had hardly any prospects to survive. They were two worlds that had collided and melded with each other. It had been more than Dean had ever dared to wish for, and it had changed him and brought out another side of him – but now they had come to the dead end of this track, and he needed to keep Castiel safe. It was the only sensible thing to do. Very slowly and cautiously, he strolled to the sofa and sat down next to Castiel, there was at least one meter of space between them. Castiel turned a little to face him, Dean did the same. When Dean's eyes met the endless blue gemstones, he found he couldn't hold back the onslaught of words any longer, so he began, and he didn't stop for a while.
"I suppose..."
"We're not done yet" he said with a grin, then he winked at Dean and left the room.
Zachariah lowered his head, sighed heavily. He averted Castiel’s piercing look, afraid of the ensuing reaction his words might evoke. His voice was quiet when he spoke, rueful.
Dean nodded, thought he had to have a heart-to-heart with the lot of the Montague Clan. The words of his dad were practically unwritten law, and Dean was his right hand, second in command so-to-say, who spread John’s words throughout the Montague family. But it could wait until tomorrow, Dean decided. Tonight, he would be at the Capulets’ party.
What was the point of all those tiny caresses, the way Castiel had ardently hugged him, how their fingers found together time and again? What was the point of all those intimate looks, those private conversations, reciting poetry and behaving absolutely sappy in his company? It had to mean they shared something precious, it had to lead to
As it turned out, sit ups sucked, regardless of the place or the person you did them with. Dean knew why his torso was muscled but not quite a six-pack – he
Currently, Dean was driving along an endless highway to Bobby's– the street was surrounded by fir forests to their left side, and green crop fields to their right. Dusk was falling, the taillights of the cars ahead of them began to shine strongly. The moment seemed magical to Dean: How the first, white stars appeared on the pale blue firmament above them, how the sun went down on the unreachable horizon in front of them... Condensation trails of airplanes garnished the sky like fine ribbons; they were refracting the vivid colors of the setting sun. For a fleeting second, Dean allowed himself to observe the mellow expression that dwelled in Castiel's eyes. His lover regarded the scenery with delight and smiled secretly to himself. It was just like Dean had imagined, and his chest tightened with love for the other man. The radio was playing a quiet song, underlined the peaceful atmosphere that surrounded them. Dean concentrated on the road again and listened to the song, Sam's snoring, and Castiel's calm breathing. The song spoke to his heart, tugged at it and made him hunger for every future day he would spend with Sam and Castiel.
Dean had to stifle a laugh when the man with the soup began munching his steak with smacking noises; it was kind of disgusting but also so stupidly funny. He behaved childishly, but he couldn't help it as a huge grin parted his lips. Castiel shook his head at him reproachfully, but he was grinning too, obviously struggling to keep it together. Dean felt the slight, warm sweat of Castiel's palm bedewing his and a tenderness he hadn't remembered in ages came to his mind. How good it felt to spend this evening with Castiel... Dean knew how to savour a precious moment like this. Castiel's behaviour brought forth another side of him, so he was merely surprised when he bent forward and raised Castiel's hand to his mouth. He drowned in Castiel's widened eyes as he placed an innocent, long-lasting kiss on the back of Castiel's hand, seeing the light blush creeping to his cheeks. He was lost, so utterly lost...
Dean replied instantly, grim determination on his features. He had work tomorrow, but he couldn’t sleep anyway – if something was wrong with Cas, he needed to know, needed to make sure he could somehow help him get better.
"Ah, that beer is awesome. You know my heart's desire," he wisecracked unconcerned. The next second he was downright stupefied as Castiel raised his head and met the look of his eyes with an affectionate smile. A joyous, calm mirth shone in his light blue gems, Dean felt mushy the longer they observed one another.
„Purple Nurples?”
"... and I love you for that, you idiot."
Sam sighed extensively and raised his head to meet Dean's glare. Dean felt stupid for the compassionate look Sam gave him, as if he needed comfort. There was no way in the whole wide world to make this right again. He had never deserved this second chance, and due to John's deed they had lost their father once and for all. For a while they just considered each other wordlessly while Dean cried unashamed, feeling so overwhelmingly miserable... At last he tilted his head and wiped the tears away, hiccuping a little.
“What are you doing here?” he asked, and he sounded somewhat bothered by Dean’s presence. His rejection pinched sharply in Dean’s heart, he understood Castiel had wanted solitude after their fight. Gingerly, as if he was afraid he might upset Cas further, Dean placed a placid hand on Cas’ shoulder, gave it a light squeeze. He looked deeply into Cas’ gorgeous blue eyes, couldn’t resist bringing up his other hand and stroke along Cas’ stubbly cheek lovingly.
"Not for nothin', Cas, but the last stuffed animal that got in my way got shot." Dean pushed at Inias's back until he popped over the seat, grumbling something about getting hot and sweaty.
In the back of his mind, he realizes that the vampire had been trying to get him to engage in some dirty talk, so with a monumental effort, considering what that tongue is doing, he grits out, "Are you going to swallow me down? Let me fuck your mouth until you choke?"
Dean stirs, and Benny's honestly surprised the hunter slept through all of their sexcapades the night before. Stroking fingers through his hair, Benny kisses Dean's forehead, then pets his hands down his neck and shoulders.
Seriously, if you made it this far with us, just know that we are sending you all the virtual hugs! We'd love to know what you thought, if you liked it, if you want more… if there wasn't enough smut???
Dean swallowed nervously, couldn’t believe what he was hearing. He knew exactly what Castiel was implying, what this meant. He closed his lids for a moment, his knees wobbly as he sensed Castiel’s hand on his hip and his cheeks, gently stroking him with small movements, leaving mindless patterns. Butterflies were flying through Dean’s stomach, made him giddy with a thrill of anticipation.
He sat down next to him cautiously, letting his eyes glide over the body not even half a meter away from his. He looked down at the man who was looking up into his eyes, examining Castiel closely for his part. He bit his bottom lip and out of the corner of Castiel's eyes he could see the man's hand was wandering down, sliding to his opened jeans. He tugged them down impatiently and Castiel couldn't help but gape at the other's leaking pink dick being revealed. He saw the man's thumb moving over the head, spreading precome over his sensitive skin. Then the man wrapped his hand around his length; he let it glide up and down slowly and Castiel could see he squeezed himself forcefully. A low moan made him lock his eyes on the man's face again.
, Dean thought,
Then Cas took him into the hot cave of his mouth, sucking him in earnest. Wonderful dizziness overcame Dean, his head swimming, as unbearable heat shot through him. It was nothing but sweet rapture, making him forget everything. His head rolling from one side to the other, the hand in Cas’ hair gripping it tensely. He felt the pressure build and build within him, couldn’t decide if he could stand more of this perfect torture, or if he had to cave in and let his orgasm wash over him. He whimpered, raised his hips unintentionally, his body reacting to Cas’ by its own accord. Cas recognized this as another invitation to let his two fingers glide into Dean, spreading him and sucking him at the same time. Dean couldn’t stop moaning at this point, absolutely lost in powerful hot waves of delight, electrifying him from head to toe.
"Oh... I wanna... I wanna shove myself into you so badly... I wanna feel you Dean... your heat around me, squeezing me, your legs around my back, keeping me close... I bet you're tight, oh you'd be so tight... and I'm so hard for you, I'd give it to you fiercely, slide in and out of you again and again until you scream for more... God... Dean... so close... Dean!", Castiel almost yelled, and then white lights danced before his eyes and he let the phone drop as he tensed up and spasms took over his body. He writhed in the sheets, hearing himself moan several times unrestrainedly when he came hard in his hand. For a moment he really thought he was buried to the hilt in Dean, and that he could feel his burning heat.
“I was telling the truth, Dean. You have no idea what you mean to me, how strongly I feel about you,” Cas said, and when he pillowed his head again, he regarded Dean with an unbreakable kind smile, gentleness making his eyes glow beautifully. Dean couldn’t understand how he could hurt so badly and love someone as dearly at the same time. He felt torn in two.
"Says the guy who's secretly into poems," Castiel countered and Dean winced in surprise.
"Breakfast is ready," he said with a smirk and climbed back into bed with Dean. He became painfully aware he and Castiel were still only wearing boxer shorts – his abrupt body warmth blanketing him was overwhelming and made Dean all flustered.
The influence of those words overwhelmed Castiel, and his jaw dropped in disbelief. His fingers twitched with anticipation, and a joyful bubble of bliss was put over him. Somehow, he felt tranquil, and for the first time in days he felt at ease. He didn't mind the starting, cold rain was bedewing his clothes and body, because the heat within him warmed him from head to toe, and he could almost feel how his eyes began to gleam with the love and affection he felt for Dean.
"Cas, what can I say? It's a dangerous gig, but I'm a big boy, I can take care of myself. Hell, I already did. The guy decided to take his chance and I took mine, we basically beat the shit out of each other, but that's it. I'm just a little upset and a little disappointed in mankind, but that's nothing new. Now, I suggest you tell me something that's good news or anything that's not about the wicked ways of jerks, what do you say?", Dean joked, and he really sounded barely harassed, so Castiel let out a deep sigh and relaxed again, still somewhat unsettled that Dean had been hurt by some random asshole while he was getting drunk with Gabe.
„Night, Cas,” he said, trying to compose himself before he was getting a panic attack. Dean turned around and went into his room, closing the door behind him, shying away from Castiel. He leaned against the door, throwing his head back, and loosened his tie. Only then he felt as if he could breathe again.
He went downstairs to the main bathroom, deeply lost in thought. He understood fistfights in a bar after a night out, he understood guys hitting each other to defend women from getting harassed… but this? Beating up your partner? This was something entirely else. Dead had witnessed some cases of domestic violence on the job, but he had never seen a face as battered as Castiel’s. He couldn’t help but feel sorry for the guy. When he returned to the room, he handed the kit to Bobby silently. He lingered for a moment, not sure whether he was supposed to go now. Castiel just continued hiding his face in his hands, while Bobby fiddled about with antiseptics and ointments. Then the older man raised his eyes to Dean’s, and he was glaring at Dean, pointedly indicating that Dean was indeed supposed to go now and let them be. Dean nodded subtly and turned on his heels, retreating to his own room. He decided it was time to go to bed anyway – but when he lay in bed, tucked in under his blanket, staring into the semi-darkness of the room, he realized he absolutely couldn’t sleep. He kept listening to the quiet conversation down the hall, the constant murmur of Bobby and Castiel. His heart throbbed painfully when he thought he heard Castiel sob in a suffocating way. Dean finally felt fatigue creeping up on him, and his eyes started weighing tons. He tried to continue listening, but soon, he lost the battle and went out like a light.
An odd tremble traveled through Castiel, he became rigid in Dean's arms – for a moment his exhales stopped, became erratic. The next time his mouth continued its cautious work Dean could feel Castiel's teeth nibbling at his earlobe, sucking it into the moist, feverish heat of his mouth ardently. Dean tensed up, lava flows of pleasure streamed through his lower stomach. A wicked tongue glided over the length of his throat, casually Castiel pushed Dean's borrowed shirt aside to bite into his collarbone daringly. Dean bit on his bottom lip, trying to stifle the lewd moan which escaped him nevertheless. He could practically feel the smile of Castiel's lush lips against his naked skin.
And they praised him for his support constantly, told him their lives and their house would be a lot messier if it wasn’t for Dean. Dean loved them both, of course, but he had to admit it wasn’t mainly because of them that he sacrificed his energy and time so much – he was incredibly enchanted by this little fairylike being called Mary, had ardently loved her from the moment he had first laid eyes on her. She was a precious little angel, such an innocent, pure creature, Dean couldn’t wrap his head around it. When he held her in his arms, supporting her small soft head, he felt blessed, utterly calm, while he quietly sang songs to her, rocking her. Looking into her eyes made him feel peaceful, as if there was some secret wisdom hidden within them, showing him a simpler and better world. It was a joy he had never known, never expected, a sensation of ferocious love he was getting addicted to. So, yeah, he gladly helped Sam and Jess, if that meant he could spend more time with his adorable niece.
“Cas, what are we going to do? I wanna be with you, hell, I wanna marry you here and now and stay by your side forever, as long as you’ll have me... But our families are going to murder us if they find out about us…”
„Yeah, of course, I’ll help,” he confirmed, sitting up to tell his body that it wasn’t allowed to fall asleep right now. Castiel looked back and forth between Bobby and Dean, a haunted expression dwelling in his eyes. He seemed intimidated, even shy, for whatever reason, and he was kneading his hands together nervously. He looked down and contemplated them, biting on his lower lip as if he was battling with himself.
Only now Castiel realized he was still bare ass naked, and Dean grinned impishly, letting his eyes roam over Castiel's body only too eagerly. He kept washing up a plate while he feasted on Castiel, his steady regard slowly coming to rest on Castiel's. A heartbeat passed, and Castiel's eyes wandered down to Dean's lips; a consuming desire awoke inside of him, and before he knew it, he had leant forwards and covered Dean's mouth with his, shutting his lids. For a second they paused, relinquishing the lead in favor of the other, then they lunged at each other, both drinking in the other man desperately, kissing and sighing into each other's mouth needily. Castiel let his hands frame Dean's face, and he pulled him closer, moved him against his lips, and they melded together perfectly – nothing mattered, nothing but the two of them, and the intimacy they shared, the affiliation both of them clearly felt.
"There's one thing, though, that I want to know...", Dean whispered and his hands groped Castiel's hips unashamed, holding him tight and in place. Castiel shuddered when he felt Dean's hot breath ghosting inside his ear, and when he felt his shaky exhales trembling against the crook of his neck; his knees were becoming weak and he sighed an agitated sigh, his body screaming for relief impatiently.
The way Castiel's thighs clenched around him... how his cheeks and chest were plunged into a deep red, the blush spreading over his body like a wildfire... How his eyes rolled into the back of his head as he choked on his own, moaned breaths... The first convulsions shook Castiel's body, Dean felt him narrow around him. At long last, a divine, sobbed moan left the dark-haired man and he tensed up and lolled in the sheets by turns. He rotated his hips and Dean fucked him hard and fast; Castiel's fingernails dug into Dean's flesh and left bruises and scratches there. Then, white streams of come spurt out of Castiel's throbbing cock and painted his abdomen and stomach. He sighed and moaned lengthily as he gave in to his orgasm taking over his body. Dean shuddered uncontrollably when the hot waves of his climax licked at the bottom of his spine; his hips snapped forward and he glided a few more times into the depths of his lover trembling around his cock. Looking exhausted but satisfied, Castiel opened his eyes and regarded Dean with a loveable smile. His glance was heavy with meaning, a thousand unspoken confessions and love declarations wafted between them through the air. It was the moment when Castiel placed a gentle hand on Dean's cheek and let his thumb stroke over his jaw, when Dean came hard and collapsed on top of him.
To his surprise, the guy turned his head and smiled cheekily at Dean. Dean couldn't help but return the smile, it was infectious. The other looked gorgeous, how that smile reached up to his eyes and made them sparkle with mischief.
Castiel didn't know what to reply to this, so he bit his bottom lip nervously, so much that it almost bled. His palms became sweaty and a pang of guilt was creeping to him, and he made a frown. He had never intended to trouble Dean with his plan, but the younger man seemed already terrified of tomorrow night. He battled with himself, wondering whether he should just tell Dean that he would be his only customer tomorrow.
this thing?"
„I can only complain once I read the whole thing, Bobby. I endure even bad literature; it means I have endurance.”
, and the worries quickly packed their bags and headed off on vacation, making place for
He wishes the ground would open and swallow him up, because he can't stand Dean's furious eyes on him, speaking of so much pain it chokes Castiel with ache. On the other hand, he assumes the worst thing he could do now is leave Dean again – he heard him praying he should never leave him again. Though it hurts terribly, Castiel tries to stay and make up for the damage he has caused with his running away, receiving more of Dean's anger and his cold behaviour towards him, supposing he deserves it. He is devastated when he detects Dean won't forgive him so easily this time, but he clings to the hope he can make their relationship work again.
“No, Castiel. That, that—“ he stuttered.
„You can already go to the bar, I need to use the restroom,” Castiel said with a wink. Dean just nodded, at a loss for words, and watched Castiel disappear down the hall. What the hell had just happened? Dean was wearing a deep frown when he walked up to the bar and ordered a beer. He sat down on a barstool and wondered whether he had misread the signs he thought Castiel had given him. He had wanted to kiss Dean, hadn’t he? Or did Dean just imagine it? Was he already so desperately lonely that he was reading more into this than what was actually taking place? He bit on his lower lip absentmindedly, chewing a little on his lip as he cradled the cool bottle of beer in his hands. He then took a gulp and had only just swallowed it, when Gabriel sat down next to him, ordering a gin tonic.
"Maybe so, but there's no reasonable chance for me. Let's better not talk about it," he concluded, receiving eager, sympathetic nods of the other two as a quid pro quo.
"He's fine, knackered but fine. He's asleep now, so..."
“Oh yeah? Well, I’m thinking about you all the time, too, Cas, whether I want to or not. But it’s no good, right? Because, newsflash: You’re not here!” he finally said with a good amount of irritation, his words sounding harsh even to his own ears. He kind of regretted having said anything immediately – another part of him felt good about this tantrum, all that pent-up anger finally unleashed. He heard Cas’ erratic breaths through the line, and it was like a dagger through his heart. He hadn’t meant to hurt him. The next time Cas spoke, his voice was shaky, corded up with pain, and he sounded close to tears. Dean felt like the biggest jerk of all time.
“Hey, humor me. Do you look at everyone you hooked up with like this afterward?” he asked, fixing his tie. Castiel averted his eyes, kneeling down to tie his bootlaces. A pensive expression suddenly came to his features. When he regarded Dean again, a mystic smile played around the corners of his mouth. There was a profound look in his eyes, which Dean couldn’t quite classify. It made his skin crawl in the most welcome manner. He studied the fondness in Castiel’s eyes as he beheld Dean, and it touched something deep within him. A place he had shielded for many years, which he had hidden away for so long. Castiel approached Dean and only stopped when he was in Dean’s personal space again. With glee, Dean welcomed Castiel’s lips pressing against his. Before he knew it, he was kissing Castiel again, enjoying the way he was yielding to Dean’s lead.
“You’re great with kids, Sam, it will be fine. Also, you’re not alone, you got Jess, and she’s going to be a wonderful mother, and you got Bobby and me… you can do this. You will be a cool dad,” Dean reassured him.
Dean just nodded dumbly, stupefied with the raw craving for Castiel he was suffused with; he still couldn’t understand how a man could be so breathtakingly handsome. He felt like a robot when he snatched a blanket from the nearby sofa and opened the back door, not allowing himself to think, to feel, what Castiel already meant to him, what his heart and body were screaming at him constantly. Dean was afraid, simply afraid, to ever let himself get so vulnerable again. After Lisa… He exhaled extensively, fighting against the uprising commotion, as he stepped outside.
Dean had killed Anna?
Castiel raised his head slowly, timidly looked around. His look followed Dean’s; then he detected his father there on the ground. Instantly, he rose to his feet, a hoarse “No!” escaping him. But Dean got up too and held Castiel’s hand, holding him back. He didn’t trust the sudden silence yet. It seemed a tornado was coming, about to wreak havoc. Some hidden evil lurked around the corner, Dean could feel it. Awed, he watched his dad slowly descending the stairs – his dad, whose shot had finally killed Zachariah, after all these years. And while Castiel had to endure the loss of his father, Dean could see the traces of contentment on John’s features. He hated him for his satisfaction, for the pain he had caused. With a complacent smile, John walked up to Zachariah, then squatted down next to him. He scanned his features, his eyes traveling over the tall, burly body of his adversary.
Blindly, Cas reached for Dean’s hand, intertwined their fingers. He gave Dean’s hand a firm squeeze. Dean’s heart stuttered in his chest, was about to implode out of sheer love and fear. Overwhelmed, he returned the pressure, held Castiel’s hand tightly. If this was their end, he wanted them to be together, whether alive or in death.
"Fun facts", he replied with a grin, and it was Dean's turn to laugh in his face unrestrainedly. The sound of his laughter made Castiel speechless, it was as warm as sunlight, as light as the wind, and it made him want to laugh too, yet he could not.
Sam grinned impishly at Castiel and shrugged his shoulders, admitting "it's true". Castiel refused to be impressed about Dean's comment, and so he urged Sam to tell him about his finals and what central theme he would pick for his final paper. They listened to Sam's enthusiastic rant while they nipped at their beers, and Castiel smiled secretly to himself when he realized Sam could be as passionate about something as Dean, and the joy that sparkled in his eyes made him understand why Dean had sacrificed so much to make his brother's dream come true. Sam had a childish, innocent joice around him, his aura resembled a kind naivete, which easily brought out a protective instinct in other people – though Sam was a huge man, Castiel was able to relate to Dean's deeds and his will to protect him; it would have been a shame to see such a light-hearted man crumble, because he wouldn't be able to pursue a goal, a simple, modest dream.
"That's where we're going to," he confessed. Castiel laughed lightly and ran a hand through his smooth, raven black hair. He pulled Dean to a stop gently, frowning slightly at him.
There they were again: the millions of crawly butterflies flying through his stomach, their wings tickling Dean’s organs. A soft smile grew on Dean’s mouth. He didn’t know if Gabriel was right, of course, but just the idea… that Castiel truly wanted him, maybe even felt something romantically for Dean… It made him so happy, he felt indeed blessed. He basked in the glorious feeling for a moment, focused on how good it felt that someone might be able to love him again… He didn’t even dare to hope what Gabriel said was true. He just drank his beer in brooding silence, desperately trying to conquer the growing hope within him.
“Sit down, Cas,” Dean said, “lunch will be ready in five.”
A shuddering, long breath left those sinful, plump lips at once and every of Castiel's movements stopped. Sluggishly, he uplifted his head, raising his eyes to Dean's – and Dean was struck hard by the mere sight, his heart skipped a beat. Castiel's dark hair framed his fine features, there was a wild, spirited flame burning in his eyes ardently as the sun's light refracted in the two gems. He looked beautiful, terrifying and feverish. His cheeks were tinted in a rosy color, swollen lips parted and dark red. It was the first time they truly looked at one another after they had made love a few hours ago. Dean understood he was wholly captured by the person crouching on him; his fingers were deeply hidden within him, his dick was somewhat squished by the other's backside. A knowing, untamed glint came to Castiel's dilated eyes. Dean barely had time to process what was happening, but Castiel sat up and turned around, stark-naked and painfully erect, but unperturbed by it. He lowered himself confidently on Dean's stomach, so that his back was facing the older man – right in front of him was Cas' seductive, well-formed butt. Confusion placed a frown on Dean's forehead as he worried what Castiel was up to.
gonna end it. I love Cas, and there’s nothing you can do about it.”
"Hey, is sarcasm your second language? It's not exactly charming for that pretty mouth!" he spat back. He was so irritated, he hadn't even noticed the heaters had stopped giving off warmth as he had withdrawn his hand. He crossed his arms and turned away from Castiel, who gaped at him stunned. All right, so Dean was probably still a little drunk and he probably overreacted, but he didn't have to listen to this stranger insulting him as if he were dumb. Even if he froze to death, right now he didn't give a damn. Tense silence expanded in the bus shelter, their exhales were terribly loud now that he heaters were off. Tiredness assaulted Dean, and all he wished for was his warm bed. It would be a long, cold night. He fetched his cell phone and wrote Sam an SMS that he wouldn't be home tonight and that he should go to sleep.
“It will end bloody,” Castiel said ominously.
It was the moment when he was tying his boots when Castiel returned, breathless with running. Dean looked up expectantly, but Castiel was just shaking his head sadly.
It made Castiel chuckle softly. Blindly, he reached out for Dean’s hand on the blanket and their fingers intertwined intimately. Castiel squeezed Dean’s hand, a deep-reaching fondness dwelt in his look. Then he fully turned around to him and scooted over, so that they were face to face.
For a while Dean just stared at Castiel, incapable of continuing eating his dinner. He wasn't even aware his mouth stood slightly agape, and how his glance seemed to make Castiel somewhat uncomfortable. Only when Castiel averted his eyes and stared at the table, Dean realized how rudely he had behaved.
Then there was this feisty redhead called Charlie, and most of the time, she and Dean shared shifts and patrolled together. Dean had taken to her instantly – she was cute, a little socially awkward, and absolutely into all kinds of movies and TV shows. He had seen her Harry Potter mug, had seen her Star Wars socks, and couldn’t help but laugh amused about her cuteness. Talking about the movies they both liked was an easy ice-breaker, and soon, Dean found he could talk to Charlie effortlessly. She was becoming something like a little sister to him, it just felt good spending time with her. The moment she confessed to him she was strictly into women, Dean realized he could completely be himself around her, confiding he liked both men and women. Charlie had just grinned at him while chewing her donut, comforting him that the two of them just wouldn’t work. He scoffed thinking about that moment. She was a bad driver, though, so Dean rarely let her drive the police car – he didn’t have a death wish after all.
His legs twitched furiously and his chest turned from one side to the other, trying to get away from Castiel giving it to him so perfectly; but he also wanted more, more of this epic torment. Violent rolls of his hips took over Dean, his whole body was surging – he and Castiel were like ebb and flow coming together, merging in boiling hot desire. When he beheld Castiel in that moment, time seemed to have stopped just for the two of them so that they could enjoy this sensual experience forever. With one hard thrust of Castiel's hips, Dean's knees flew up automatically and he tucked his legs up to give Castiel as much latitude as possible. The fear of each hot wave which consumed Dean's body and snatched strength from him made him tense up. He felt lost in this tumult of pleasure and the anxiety of these unknown heights. He wanted to come so badly, but he was afraid of coming too, for he knew it would be so hard and long that it would leave him absolutely breathless. Castiel smiled gently at him and placed one warm palm on Dean's stubbly cheek, his thumb stroked over his skin carefully.
“The more the deader you mean,” he muttered – then he continued with his work.
"What do you mean, go with us? As in being on the road 24/7? Don't get me wrong, man, I'm sure you're tough. I mean, you kind of proved that today when you worked those bastards over. But do you really know what you're asking for?"
Dean took a sharp inhale of surprise when Castiel got down on his knees and knelt in front of him. He was looking up into Dean's eyes resolutely and placed two warm palms on Dean's half-dressed upper thighs nonchalantly. Dean felt their warmth sift through his flesh, the soft skin of Castiel's fingertips tingled lightly. Their mutual gazes continued for a few lengthy moments, until slowly a little smile crawled to Castiel's lips, making Dean smile as well. Castiel moved forward and uplifted his head, a pained sensuality veiled his features – it struck Dean hard to see the devotion besieging Castiel's astounding face and how he shut his lids and approached Dean's mouth determinately. Dean realised he was to blame for that notion of lust and yearning growing inside his therapist, and something akin to pride and compassion bloomed in Dean's chest. He couldn't stand seeing Castiel so obviously torn in two. Dean lost every sensible thought when he saw Castiel parted his lips slightly, in anticipation of Dean's answering mouth.
His eyes remained on the half-opened ones in front of him, deeply infatuated he absorbed the tiny smile on those kissed, gorgeous lips as he pulled off his own jeans completely. Though it was alright to let Castiel control him for a while, Dean felt the old habit of dominance catching up with him, and he pushed Castiel playfully down on the mattress, devouring him with a steady, firm look. Sparks were flying between them, the air was thick, as they observed the other in awe, finding no words for the chaotic situation. Dean lowered himself beside Castiel, sitting next to him as he studied the merely dressed body on the bed. He couldn't stop his right hand and he allowed it to stroke over the heaving chest, his eyes switching between Castiel's observing him and his sinful, beautiful body. He was light-headed as he dared to clasp the material of the rosy silken pants, pushing them down, totally overrun by lust. Castiel sucked in a shaky breath and Dean bit on his bottom lip when the pink, leaking cock was revealed.
“Yeah, whatever you’re doing, buddy, you’re good at it. I feel a lot better already,” Dean mumbled. He thoroughly enjoyed Castiel’s ministrations, felt nothing but pleasantly relaxed – the pain was merely a memory in the back of his mind, just barely showing. Then Castiel’s fingers traveled into his short hair like a fine caress, nearly combed through his hair gently and went down to Dean’s shoulders. Castiel’s touches were like a cool breeze to Dean, ruffling him up and making him become wide awake. He opened his eyes with a frown when Castiel’s hands started massaging his shoulders with a strong grip. Damn, this felt so good… Incredible heat pooled in Dean’s stomach, and his mouth had gone dry. Castiel looked unhappy and determined as his fingers kneaded Dean’s shoulder and nape with expertise.
As they were queueing near the entrance area, the trio put on their masks; they assumed that at least the bouncers were familiar with their faces (even though all of them knew it was folly to be here in the first place, and that probably no one was counting on a Montague appearing at a Capulet’s party, to begin with). Dean held his breath when they showed the bouncers their invitation cards. But nothing happened, they were admitted inside without difficulty. Dean was still arching his eyebrows in utter astonishment about that when Benny abducted him and Sam into the Capulet’s luxurious mansion. And this was what Dean saw: There was a vast hall, the floors made of marble, the walls decorated with countless tall mirrors and golden stripes. On the ceiling, there were many expensive-looking chandeliers, their glassy crystals glittering wondrously. There were hundreds of people, all costumed, all loud, and drunk and partying. The place looked royal, a beautiful example of abundance and extravagance. And even though Dean was used to sights like these, for his family was just as wealthy as the Capulet’s, he couldn’t help but gaze in amazement.
Strong hands hold him immobilized as Benny licks a wet line from his collarbone to his right nipple. The vampire sinks teeth around it and sucks hard, making Castiel arch into the touch.
"Well, first I'd recommend we find someplace away from demonic ears to discuss this further."
“Yes,” Castiel said, getting into the feel of the weapon in his hand, and his best friend guiding him expertly. Raising the gun and steadying the butt on his shoulder once more, Castiel fired the next shot. The satisfying clang of the pellet hitting its target brought a smile to his face. “This is fun,” he said.
Dean was waiting in line for something called
Dean smiles at her and says, "Go get 'em, slugger," then squeezes her shoulder as he passes.
"Goddamit, Benny, let me go! I'm going to flay him alive," Dean snarls.
Cas opens his mouth as if to speak, but no sound comes out. His expression turns to shock, as Dean follows his line of sight to see what Cas is staring at.
At least they recognize Dean, even if they know he isn’t the one from this world, Castiel thinks sadly. “Do you think Dean wanted us to save everyone here? We can do that, can’t we? It would be a good way to honor his memory.”
“It’s very kind of you. I don’t sleep well if I’m not comfortable, so I appreciate you allowing me to use the bed.” Castiel held the bottle in his hand, waiting for Dean to find something to open it with.
Cas squints at Dean and tilts his head in that trademark Cas way of his. “It would be much harder to question squirrels, Dean.”
He must have hesitated for too long, because Dean’s hands had stopped moving, and he was peering at Castiel.
“You seem to be in some discomfort,” Castiel stated, increasing the pressure of his fingers, well aware of the effect this was having. “Is there anything I can do to help relieve you?”
Benny reaches up and cups Cas's cheek in his hand. "Shh,
Teasing the slit of Castiel's cock, Dean continued, "C'mon, Cas, I know you're close, baby. You're so fucking tight around me." There was a groan in his ear as Castiel intentionally clenched the muscles surrounding Dean's erection. His hunter pulled out and slammed back in harder and faster, creating a friction against Castiel's prostate that was making him forget whatever it was he had been objecting to.
He grips the edge of it, fingers digging underneath to rest over Benny's heart. "You take care of this, okay? I'm not ready to let you go."
Dean's straining against Benny's hold, so he steps behind him to restrain him fully.
A small whimper escaped Dean's lips, and he whispered, "Please…"
“Dean, you aren’t a-” Castiel started, before Dean interrupted him.
It’s a sobering thought, but it doesn’t matter anyway. Castiel reminds himself the most important thing is to complete this mission as quickly as possible, and get back to the bunker…
After reheating the water and mixing in the coffee granules, he added some milk, then trudged over to the sofa. He lost track of how long he sat there, going over and over last night in his mind, and wishing he could go back and change it.
"Don't stress, brother. But if you ever need to talk, you know where to find me."
The pompous ass leans over and whispers in his ear, "I sense demons."
Swinging his legs over the side of the bed, he braces against the mattress and waits for his breath to slow. The trembling in his body eases, but doesn't stop. He swipes a hand over his face and reaches for a bottle of water, only to find his nightstand surprisingly clean.
Jo glowers at him, and he wonders for a moment if he’s going to get a load of curse words in response. “I’m fine. I can handle myself… I’ve been fighting demons since I could walk.”
He looked over at the owner and added with a shrug, "Beginner's luck."
"You said you want me to taste you, mark you," Benny comments, then sucks hard at the skin under his teeth.
*****
The hunter whispered in his ear, "Balthazar knew. He knew you were in love with me. I highly doubt he would be surprised to find us fucking like bunnies."
Castiel loves that Benny is telling him this; that they were both prepared to say nothing if it hadn’t been for circumstances throwing them together. Or maybe it isn’t circumstance… maybe it's Dean.
We wish you all safety, health, and happiness! Be careful out there, fam!
The vampire reaches up with his other hand and brushes over Castiel's lips where they're already sealed around his own fingers. He breaks away from what he's doing long enough to say, "Get these nice and wet for me, angel," then resumes the truly talented tongue action in Castiel's ass.
How about that Charlie art??? We weren't expecting that piece, and ncdover1285 just... did the thing and gave us extra prezzies! Please go love on her!
Dean was looking around at the gathered crowd, and Castiel noticed him zeroing in on a young boy of about seven years. He gestured to Castiel, waving him to stand in front of him. He whispered, "Wanna help me with the rest?"
“Maybe you don’t know as much as you think you do. My demons are former angels, and as such are unaffected by demon wardings. You’re helpless against me,” Michael gloats, and Benny thinks he sounds just like one of those overacting supervillains he’s seen in the movies.
"Wish I had some lube for this…"
"Oh, I'm gonna fuck that filthy mouth of yours later. But right now, I want to flood you with my come. Fuck you full until you're spilling around my cock." He leans in, nearly bending Castiel in half, and adds, "And I want you to scream so loud the entire bunker will know who's owning this sweet ass of yours."
Benny's fangs descend as he says, "How you like that, sugar?"
"Oh, fuck. That's a beautiful sight to wake up to," Dean drawls out, a bit dumbstruck.
"Benny," Dean says, voice breaking with emotion.
Benny notices several people staring at the couple and casually steps between them and prying eyes. Deciding that Balthazar's had the floor for long enough, he speaks up, "I think we need to divide and conquer. Chamuel, Sariel, each of you pick a team to go after the feathers. I know we only need one, but better safe than sorry."
Saliva coats Benny's lips as he draws off of Castiel's dick and hoarsely says, "Guess I should stop, then. But at some point, I really wanna feel you spill down my throat."
"Dude, how did you even get this pimpmobile up here. My Baby, she knows how to navigate these roads, but I'd bet money your suspension is shot to hell, what with all the potholes."
So Benny likes to watch too. Castiel is going to make sure he and Dean give him a show sometime, but he wishes he could see what Benny can right now; him being filled over and over again. He can feel it though, and that feeling is enough for the moment. “S-s-so much." He squirms, running his thumb around Benny’s rim as his finger goes deeper.
“Okay, what do we need to do?”
Castiel blinked at Dean, wondering what he meant for a second until he realised. “Oh no, it’s not a problem for me. I am utterly indifferent to sexual orientation.”
The man shot him a disgusted look and responded, "Dammit, Bobby, the whole point of coming up here was to get some peace and quiet. How the hell am I supposed to do that with some-" he waffled his hand in Castiel's general direction, even though this Bobby character couldn't see it "-dude I don't know in my personal space?"
Benny loses his rhythm as he snaps his hips faster. The sound of their flesh slapping together is so loud, it's echoing off the walls, and drowning out Benny's grunts of passion.
Benny hates that they're fighting, but this situation with Michael is important.
Dean leans over and uses the side of his fist to knock a little more forcefully. "Hey, Sam, open up."
I just don’t want to die young of clogged arteries. But if my food isn’t good enough for you, I can always eat alone.” Castiel averted his gaze as he finished speaking, before he could get distracted by Dean’s good looks again.
The following day, he made a concerted attempt to perk himself up, and not think about Dean. He failed miserably at the second task, but he did at least wash and get dressed. That was an improvement, right?
Dean looked skeptical. "Not if it's gonna be some kinda vegan crap."
Somehow, Benny knows they're not really discussing the nightmare anymore… if there even was one.
Benny nods, leaving Cas the illusion. "Hmm, I'm sorry to hear that. There anything that helps? Y'all need anything?"
Dean collapses into Cas, humping into his fist. "Oh, Benny! Cas! Harder. Please!"
The look of derision Dean was giving his car was making him rethink his attraction. As he popped the trunk, he reached in and shoved a bag at the judgemental assbutt and grabbed two more, then walked back into the house, dumped them on the kitchen island, and went back outside - alone - to get the remaining two bags.
He hopes he'll get to taste Benny's erection at some point, but he really wants him to fill the hole he's currently pounding first.
He lowers his hands and continues, "Am I to understand you and your world's Dean are currently here? That you came through as this dimension's Dean Winchester was killed?"
Dean drew back from the kiss and those mossy green eyes locked on Castiel's. "Damn, you've got a talented mouth."
He can hear shuffling after he makes his announcement and shifts from foot to foot, trying to figure out how to not be awkward around them now.
He sees Benny reach over and caress a hand over Dean's thigh, and their hunter calms again. There's a hum of contentment that sends delicious little tremors along Castiel's length, and he thrusts further into Benny's mouth, fingers brushing at the corners of his lips to feel the way they're stretched around him.
"Oh, yeah, sweetheart. That's it. So beautiful coming apart for me. You feel so good, baby… oh,
“I don’t know your name,” he said to the other man, who was standing in the middle of the room scowling. “It might make things easier if we tried to be friendly with each other.”
He hung up the phone and shoved it back in his pocket. Stepping back on to the porch, the disgruntled man picked up his bag, crammed the key in the lock, and stormed through the door.
This is his dream coming true, so Dean's ready for the demons he encounters in the halls. What he's not expecting is the residents he runs across who are kicking major ass.
Approaching where Castiel was currently standing, the man pursed his lips and quirked his eyebrow. "Unless you're here to fix something, you've got the wrong place, buddy."
blade?"
He turns to see Cas, looking like he’s just fought off a horde of demons…
Balthazar looks suitably chagrined, as Castiel begins to wonder if they do have a traitor in their midst… and if they do, are Dean and Benny in danger?
Cas gives him a smile in return, but it  doesn’t quite reach his eyes. “Moments of levity help to break the tension. I learned that from a very wise man.”
"Why don't you let me give it a shot, Cas?" Dean gently took the rifle from his hands and pointed it at the ground for some reason. "See, the trick is that these things are rigged. The sight is always misaligned. So, you gotta compensate for that."
There was nothing more Castiel wanted in that moment, so he stood silently, watching as Dean inched closer.
His sleep had been absolute shit, and he was in serious need of coffee.
As Dean crouched down to put the items in the fridge, Castiel couldn’t help but notice how his jeans fit so well, and the muscles in his arms flexed as he moved. He knew he shouldn’t be staring like that, but it was becoming harder not to. He passed Dean a carton of milk and their hands brushed, and… did he imagine a spark between them?
He really wants to know what Inias meant by his statement about Lucifer, but before he can ask, Inias and Balthazar both suddenly put their hands to their heads, and wince as if in pain. He recognizes it immediately as a sign that angel radio is informing them of something momentous.
Castiel hooks his leg over Benny’s thigh, and pulls them closer together. When their groins make contact, he gasps into Benny’s mouth as he begins grinding against him.
"I love you, Dean Winchester."
“This is much more comfortable,” Balthazar explains sardonically at Castiel’s questioning look.
As Dean started unbuttoning his jeans, he said, "Cas, shoes. I can't get to my boots."
"But Dean…" he started to argue, until Dean reached around and started stroking his dick in time to his thrusts.  "Ooohhhhh, unnghh, Dean! Fuck yes! Right there! Oh fuck, you're so deep, pleeeease!"
“Well, I should probably go to bed,” he said suddenly, even though his documentary hadn’t finished. “Goodnight, Dean.”
As Dean got off the ground and walked back over to him, Castiel felt an overwhelming urge to do the thing he had wanted to do for longer than he could remember. Before he could change his mind, he leaned forward and pressed his lips gently to Dean’s.
Examining the vampire's flak vest, he says, "Hey," as he finds damage that he expected to be there.
Dean shot him a quick look that was a mixture of glare, awe, and sheer frustration. "My dick's hard enough to pound nails, Cas. Think you could lend me a hand?" he asked with a tone of sarcasm layered over desperation.
"Alright, well, like I said, we got some info on Michael. Y'all wanna meet us in the library?"
"Fuck… yes, fuck," he gasps out, gripping the strands of Benny's hair tightly. This elicits a loud moan from him, but he doesn't let up.
“Yeah, Cas mentioned something about nightmares. Rough, huh?”
Holding back the tears until he made it to the bedroom, Castiel had the shittiest night’s sleep he could remember. It didn’t matter that it was a proper bed, he was uncomfortable, both in body and soul.
“Yes, I do. Burgers make me very happy, although I don’t eat them often. Maybe you will make burgers tomorrow?”
The hand that's been stroking him with so much finesse is suddenly gone, and Castiel lets out a small whine at its absence.
Castiel stepped forward and answered before the stranger had a chance to ask him either of those questions. “My name is Castiel, and my co-worker Donna arranged it with Jody. I have the receipt, to prove-”
He grabs the vampire by the hand and turns him back to face him. Left hand cupping that bearded jaw, he pats over the flak vest Benny's donned, searching for damage he knows isn't there. Yet.
“Castiel, I have a 'round the world trip ahead of me, and I would very much like the pleasure of your company,” Balthazar continues.
Castiel was mortified; the thought of Dean thinking that he could be homophobic in any way was too awful to contemplate. “No. No… that isn’t it at all. Quite the opposite, in fact.” He looked at Dean pointedly to let that sink in.
Castiel has never admitted it, even to himself, but he liked their Benny a lot. Not just because of his unfailing loyalty to Dean; there had been more to it than that.
Taking in a shaky breath, Dean steps forward, wanting with everything in him to reach out and pull Benny into a hug. But he resists. This isn't his Benny.
When Dean told Castiel that he was going to treat him to the ultimate human experience, this wasn’t quite what Castiel had envisaged. He looked around the carnival in confusion, trying to figure out why anyone would find this entertaining.
He gets moving once more, but as soon as he’s alone again something starts niggling at him. Cas hasn't replied to his prayer, and it's got him worried and pissed. If Lucifer betrayed them…
The last time Dean saw Cas try to save someone with his grace was when he was trying to save the other Dean, and he doesn’t want to think about what it will do to them both if this doesn’t work.
The angel turns his attention to Dean, squinting in confusion. “You’re not Dean.”
With a smarmy smile and salacious wink, Balthazar says, "Oh, Cassie, I know a lot of guys. But Inias… well, Inias is a special friend."
Dean’s right, of course. Benny pulls away and readies his weapon. “See you on the other side.”
He was about to turn away in defeat when he felt a hand on his shoulder. Dean… he would recognise that touch anywhere.
Now they just have to hope that Lucifer keeps to his word, and restores the balance he promised.
He sees Dean looking at him in worry, before whispering in Castiel’s ear.
Castiel moans into it, and when Benny's fingers start pumping into him faster, the pleasure is almost too intense.
“No, but it can’t be one of us,” Balthazar protests, unconvincingly.
"Already so hard for me, cher," Benny murmurs into Castiel's chest, and curls his fingers around his aching length.
Castiel wanted to argue against this, but found he had no comeback.
Castiel felt something swelling in his chest; he didn’t know what it was, but he knew that Dean was the cause. Watching him with that child, being so kind and generous was special, because it was a side of Dean that he kept hidden too often.
Again, please go give our amazing artist some love if you haven't already! She ripped our hearts out with that Benny pic. 😭
That’s all the encouragement Castiel needs, and he fucks his finger into Benny harder, loving the fact that they’re basically inside each other at the same time. He lets his grace flow more freely, and he knows the moment it hits the vampire’s prostate, because Benny practically jolts forward as he pounds into him. The bed definitely moves, and Dean almost rolls off the mattress.
Stumbling into the kitchen, he found a container of instant Nescafe -
"Damn, Cas, you're a quick study. Definitely not teaching you pool." Dean winked in his direction, then moved up to the booth's operator and kept talking. "I believe that was twenty ducks? So looks like we won a panda," he crowed, and Castiel could just make out him addressing the man under his breath, "and if you want me to keep your secret about that sight, then you'll pass over that tiger as a token of your appreciation."
Almost the moment the waiter has gone back inside the cafe, Inias appears in one of the empty seats. Castiel can’t help the smile that breaks out at the sight of him, even though he knows Inias won’t recognize him.
Dean's head whips around so fast Benny's concerned about whiplash. He turns back to Michael and growls out, "What have you done?"
It's a good thing he's impervious to temperature, because it is sweltering. "I can't imagine why there are demons guarding an archangel blade. But we need to get to the bottom of it quickly."
Dean pulled him to stand in front of him, then moved to his side and held out the gun. "I noticed your stance was a bit off. You need to be a bit looser through the arms and shoulders." Dean moved behind him and eased a foot between his and wiggled it. "Spread your legs a bit so your feet are shoulders' width apart, then step back slightly with your right foot."
Castiel is so focused on how Benny is igniting something inside of him, all he can do is nod mutely.
Castiel stood staring at him, head tilted in question, and eventually Dean settled enough to respond.
The vampire’s mouth is as talented as he thought it would be, and as their kiss becomes more passionate, he feels his dick perking up again. He’s slightly surprised by it; after he masturbated so frantically to the sexy scenes he witnessed, he wondered if it might take a long time before he got hard again.
Benny's face is a thing of beauty, at Cas's confession. He tunnels his fingers back into Cas's hair and tugs him forward, pressing their foreheads together. "I don't know what I did to deserve you in my life, but you'll always carry a piece of my heart, Cas."
Dean nodded and put the pot on the stove to boil. "Sorry, didn't mean to startle you."
Dean's breath hitched, head fell back against the seat, and he sucked his bottom lip between his teeth. "Jesus, Cas, feel free to never stop doing that."
he thought, shaking his head at the clueless idiot ruining his peace and quiet. Hopefully that would be the last he heard of that car while he was here.
Before Dean reaches his destination, however, Cas is rounding the corner, brow furrowed in concern. As he takes in Dean’s appearance, his frown deepens, and he tilts his head. “Dean? I sensed your distress.”
Castiel doesn’t like thinking that they might be too late to save Benny too. They already lost Benny in their world, and he knows Dean would be devastated to lose him again. Even if it isn’t their Benny.
"Now you're just being rude," he pouted. Soon he laughed too when he heard Castiel break out in carefree laughter. That man was going to be the death of him...
“Morning. How can I help you?” he greeted the new customer and wiped his hands clean with a towel.
“Goodbye, Dean,” Cas said, their eyes meeting once more. Then he put on his helmet, mounted the motorbike, and started it. The engine was roaring loudly. Cas turned around the motorbike skillfully, the tires screeching. Then he drove off, leaving trails of dust hanging in the air. Dean stood there, gazing after him until he was out of sight.
“… you’ll never stop,” Cas completed his sentence, having guessed perfectly what Dean meant, what he was alluding to.
### Local politicians advertise stricter weapon laws as brawls downtown continue ###
Castiel sighed, as he was trying to find the words to describe Anna or the way things had been before her death. Two years had passed since her passing away, and still it was sometimes hard to think about her, to let feelings of missing her freeze his mind. Through the years he had managed to remember her smile rather than her pale dead skin, her clear brown-green earthy eyes shining at him with so much joy, rather than her dull lifeless stare...
„So, tonight we’re learning about ze Tango, huh? Tango! Zat is
“You can kill me, Anna, but you can’t change the love I have for Castiel, nor the love he has for me,” he said through the blood pooling in his mouth.
TO BE CONTINUED
Alright, so the next one is another monster chapter. I wrote it in lightning speed, and learned how persistent I can be when on a deadline. Nice, okay. Hysterical laughter. Okay, so there will be 18 chapters of this story PLUS two lengthy bonus chapters as time stamps, I can tell that already - so some of you might have noticed that I changed the number of chapters to 20. I hope this chapter is as satisfying for you to read as it was to me writing it - certainly not perfect, but I think I tied up a few loose ends.
Their conversation rapidly thrived and their topic changed to safer subjects, and Castiel found himself telling the Winchester's how he had ended up as an FBI agent instead of a care-giver (his mother's plan for him), and he indeed made all of them laugh when he told them about the first weeks in the boot camp of the FBI – it had been rough weeks, and there had been multiple prank wars, and Castiel had failed a few training sessions majorly, landing flat with his face in the mud or getting stuck on barbed wire, so that his supervisor often yelled at him furiously. Dean was holding his tummy while he was laughing heartily, as Castiel imitated his former supervisor's tirade, and he joined Dean, as he chuckled too.
"What if we ran away tonight? I could go with you."
He couldn’t believe it.
, that it was too
“Praying for forgiveness for the sins you committed?” she quipped.
"Yeah, alright. You better make sure I won't die, though," he joked. He recognized the cheerful expression in Castiel's light blue irises, and now he was certain his eyes were
“You’ve gone insane, Benny. I don’t have a death wish. What if it’s not foolproof and they recognize us? Then it’s you and me, and whoever is coming with us, against a dozen of Capulets and all of their friends and supporters. What are the odds that we walk out there alive?”
"So, it's a done deal? You're letting me go out into the big, wide world?", Sam asked with a grin stuck all over his mouth. Dean scrutinized him for a few seconds, with, what he hoped, was an intimidating glare. He would never be able to withstand Sam's puppy dog eyes. He rolled his eyes and groaned annoyed.
The smile on Castiel’s lips turned bittersweet. His shoulders sagged and he averted his eyes.
Another week had almost passed; again it was Friday – Dean spent the quiet evening in his apartment with a few bottles of beer. He was sorting out all his stuff in earnest, his favorite rock tunes playing in the background, and accompanying him as he made different piles: One for things to give away, one for things to throw away, and one for things to take with him to his new home. He wanted to travel lightly, to leave all the unnecessary baggage behind. Rifling through all of his stuff made him nostalgic, brought back many happy and sad memories. It was like finding himself again, all the pieces he was made of, pieces he might have forgotten.
Bobby’s piercing eyes rested on Dean, cut right through all the walls he had tried to build up around himself. Briefly, Dean thought how absurd this situation was, just as absurd as he had felt when he had visited Bobby all those months ago. Here Bobby Singer sat in front of him, the guy, who had lost his wife of fifteen years to a vicious brain tumor – and he listened to Dean whine about losing his girlfriend of two years, who had been accidentally murdered, who had died quickly, and not in the span of
