"Million pound question that is."
“You came in with Sherlock Holmes? Dr. John Watson. Feel free to call me John.” He prompted gently, holding out a hand. The man looked up sharply and made to stand, but John stopped him with a small gesture as they shook hands.
By the time he was finished Sherlock had slunk back in and cleared away his experiment. He was wearing the shirt. The purple one. John knew it was on purpose. "I know what your doing" he called from the sink, picturing the face of feigned innocence Sherlock would have on. "That's my favourite shirt of yours and you know it" he twirled around to find the detective millimeters from him. "I do know that yes. Just showing my... appreciation for your cooperation." Sherlock leaned in closer, gently pressing John back against the counter, he had been researching, apparently this was a common occurance in most other peoples relationships.
Sherlock acquiesced and looked around, mapping the estate in his head. "Forest track, leads to the lake, 5km ride, should take about an hour, the others are waiting for us up ahead" and sure enough, they were. They cantered into the forest at a leisurely pace, and soon jovial conversation broke out between them. Even Mycroft and Sherlock sniped at each other less. In fact, the weekend as a whole had been thousands of times more pleasant than either of the Holmes' were anticipating, Sherlock was pretty sure it had to do with John's charisma, he had a way with people in general, a likeablitiy that was near impossible to emulate. It made Sherlock wonder if he had have met John sooner, whether he could have maintained a relationship with his family beyond every fifth Christmas and the occasional surprise visit. He almost felt as if the concept of familial closeness was much simpler to achieve than the fighting and silence. More testing needed was the solution his brain supplied. As long as John was part of the equation he couldn't care less.
"You're worse than I am, and I'm the one about to birth a child. Babies don't really like to follow the schedules we set out for them, even when they are planned down to the minute" (Mycroft had become just a bit of an insane person when he'd been told by Sherlock that he was going to be an uncle, Greg was pretty sure he had this baby's life scheduled out from labour to the first three years. It was his way of showing his support, and Lestrade was pretty sure that John and Sherlock appreciated it.)
John grabbed at his coat and tore it off, lust bright in his eyes. Somewhere in the back of his head he heard buzzing, like a phone going off but he ignored it, focusing instead on Sherlock presses up against him and ravaging his mouth. Sherlock ripped at John's shirt and John ripped at his, buttons pinging to the floor as their hands wandered over each other, wanting skin on skin. It was painfully hot and tight already in his suit and from the look of it John wasn't doing much better. The buzzing continued somewhere far off, muffled. Suddenly Sherlock gasped and reached behind John, picking up the scarf and wrapping it around his neck. "I want you wearing only this" he growled as he bit softly at John's ear. John gasped and shuddered, picking up the dog tags and spinning Sherlock around so he could clasp them around his neck. "Only those." John groaned, sucking a line along Sherlock's jaw while stepping out of his trousers with ease before sliding Sherlock's down too, setting hard flesh free from it's fabric prison. Sherlock moaned as the air hit him and he pushed John back against the door, stroking him fiercely and registering with some relief the end of the infernal buzzing noise. John reached down and mimicked Sherlock's motions, canting his hips in shaking jerks to increase the friction. John took control, forcing Sherlock's hands above his head and dropping to his knees. John licked from base to tip, focusing on the head before sucking Sherlock's length into his mouth, hitting the back of his throat. Sherlock cried out his name and twisted his hands into his short hair, holding rather than controlling. John bobbed his head back and forth, swirling his tongue alone the glands and slit, holding Sherlock's thighs to stop him from moving. Sherlock was moaning with reckless abandon now, encouraging John to keep going harder and faster, the image of his new fiancé doing this was much more potent than he had expected.
He listened to the detective inspector before voicing his affirmative and promising to arrive at Lestrade’s office within the next twenty minutes. Spinning on his heel, Sherlock draped his dressing gown on the arm of his chair, threw on his new coat and swept out the door.
John woke with a start, and was surprised to find he was in a dark hospital room, but not the same one he had dreamt of. He was shaking slightly and began doing the breathing exercises that Ella has taught him all that time ago. They didn't help. The dark was so heavy and he could feel the fear in his chest along with the pain in his ribs. "John?" Sherlock's soothing baritone came from somewhere near his arm and John reached out to find the soft curls at his fingertips. "You're in the hospital John, it's ok. Moran is dead. I made sure of that" Sherlock was stroking his hand lightly, waiting for his rational mind to catch up with him. "You can't be comfortable, come on." John scooted over in the bed and Sherlock decided it was better not to argue that now John would be uncomfortable because he knew that this was really a strange way of John asking him to make himself present, that way John would feel safer. Sherlock was proud that he could do that, make John feel safe. He clambered into the bed and wrapped his arms gently around John, avoiding putting much pressure on him. John melted against his body, relieved that Sherlock hadn't made a fuss. He just needed to know that he was began humming softly, a tune that John was very familiar with. It was the same one he played at night when they had first met and John had woken up from his nightmares screaming. This music had soothed him every time until he fell back to sleep. The vibrations of each note rumbled through John and he slowly fell asleep again.
John couldn't help but worship the man in his arms, fondness and awe radiating off him as he brushed his hands through Sherlock's curls and teased his teeth across his jaw. "You're too beautiful Sherlock, so beautiful I can't breathe sometimes just for looking at you. You don't even know how perfect you are to me. I look at you and wonder how anyone could be so utterly fucking glorious as you are." John breathes it into his skin with every breath and it's so much, Sherlock can only whimper back at him, press himself against John, pleading with him to touch, to take. And John, ever tuned to what Sherlock needs, lowers them to the ground right there in the living/dining room and stares hard into Sherlock's eyes, they're watering now with the emotion of what they are doing, what they're about to do, black orbs rimmed with silver like a lunar eclipse in a puddle.
“You can’t be serious.”
"And your people are certain that they're in here Mycroft? Because this seems a bit strange even for them." Greg said, holding his phone to his ear as he closed to door of his squad car.
Just over fifteen minutes left to get him out. There was a noise, so soft that John would have dismissed it immediately if it hadn't been so very familiar. It was the sound of a belstaff coat brushing against suit pants. He'd heard it almost every day for over a year now and it was unmistakable. Sherlock was here. Sebastian hadn't noticed, or if he had he was blatantly ignoring it. For someone who had known Moriarty, Moran was not that bright. He'd chosen a room where his back would be to the door if he wanted to watch John or do pretty much anything else. Then again Moriarty had said that he wanted a pet, he had enough genius to occupy his time with Sherlock. Sebastian growled and ran his knife softly across John's neck, tracing lightly over the veins and pausing for a heartstopping moment on the jugular. His eyes rose, cold and empty, rolled meet John's as they had before in 221b and he pursed his lips before exerting more pressure, just enough for the blade to nick the skin beneath. "I would be very careful of my next move if I were you" a husky baritone voice rang out and before he knew it Sebastian was on his back, being beaten senseless by a furious Sherlock Holmes.
Jellybeans John? I am not a child. I'll eat whatever you put in front of me at this point. Can you get some copper sulfate while you're out? -SH
It was dark, the real , true dark of a place uninhabited by people, lit by stars only when they reached the intricate metal gates that lead the way to the largest of the Holmes mansions. A towering monument to pre-victorian architectural style, the whole party were gratified to see lights still on, they were eagerly awaited. Like clockwork Sherlock's eyes fluttered open as soon as the engine stopped purring and he pushed himself up from John's lap and into alert wakefulness in minutes, time John was definitely willing to spend as the others alighted the car and the door opened. "Hello." John murmured at his sleepy detective when he himself had clambered out and held a hand into the car to lead him out too, and was pleased when he responded only with a langorous smile and an almost dainty use of the offered limb as he swept out into the cold air with the unfathomable grace he just possessed. "Come inside Sherlock, John, before we have two new additions to the ice sculptures tomorrow!" Orabelle Holmes called from the doorway, her voice carried to them by the wind as it swirled with flakes of ivory, hitting the already blanketed ground and Sherlock stood, hand still in John's, marvelling in the warm butterscotch of his gaze and John was happy to let him, he wasn't feeling the cold anyway, not when he was watching Sherlock's halo of snow form. In fact, they could have stayed that way, frozen together all night. "You are beautiful" John barely breathed it, and Sherlock's slight selfdeprecating smile, he fell just a little more in love with him. "Let's get you inside love, before you catch your death." Sherlock nodded once and John spun them round to go inside and was promptly startled by the gang of people standing staring at them from the sitting room windows. "They are rather sweet aren't they" Lucia/Anthea/Holly quipped, and Greg elbowed her with a laugh "you've gone soft Hols really, just a carebear in disguise" as he breathed on the glass and drew a little heart with his finger, pointing at the couple walking up the drive. Simultaneous two fingered salutes were the response, and even Mycroft had to laugh at that.
Sherlock’s silent deductions came to a halt.
Sherlock was explosive against him, a supernova of heat that John could bathe in if he wasn't so eager to experience the vision that was Sherlock Holmes when he was nude. To take off his shirt and breeches, exposing the hard length that he could feel pressing against his stomach, would be the single most erotic act of his life. It would require, however, getting up the stairs, a feat that would demand their separation, and John could scarcely bring himself to break apart to inhale, let alone for long enough to traverse the steps. "Sherlock" John said against his lips in the desperate moments between kisses "Sherlock if we do not-- climb these stairs this-- instant it --will be impossible."
“Yes Mummy, why, just the other afternoon I had the pleasure of being introduced to a very fine doctor who knows Sherlock here, and he seemed very fond of him indeed, so naturally he must be competent, perhaps he went to school with Ms Draper, he went to St Bartholomew’s, is that not right Sherlock?”
to be. The ex-soldier deigned to get himself ready for bed, and thus, that night, he dreamt of a sharp tongue firing off deductions and wild, black curls.
Weeks of emails reminiscing, and at times rueing, their time in Afghanistan were cathartic. Talking to James about everything that had happened to them both, painful though the memories were, had helped both men a great deal.  For those weeks when every conversation with Sherlock had seemed to end in an argument or consist of a lot of walking on eggshells, James had offered a different perspective on why things were so strained. As he said himself, guilt and anger were “familiar friends”.
Sherlock stared at himself in the mirror, wearing now the last minute addition of a bow tie (he planned to remove it as soon as the ceremony was over) and hoped he didn't make a fool of himself. His mind was a hundred places, reminding him of all that could go wrong. What if John had changed his mind? "He's already waiting for you at the altar. His mind was made up after your first date, would you like to know how I know that?" Mycroft replied with a slight smile at the fact that Sherlock had spoken his thoughts aloud. He nodded and Mycroft smiled a bit wider. "He asked me for my blessing on the eventuality of his proposal, I thought he was joking to be quite honest, then again my humour is not what the masses would consider to be funny. But there you have it. Now on the other hand if you have decided that you don't want this I can spirit you away if you wish, but judging by the look on your face you haven't so, worry not, just focus on the periodic table until the music begins." Sherlock's heart gave a little fizzle at that. One date and John knew they would make it to this day, even went so far as to talk to Mycroft about it so oddly that he hadn't had any idea that it would actually happen. Oh John. Mycroft looked at his pocketwatch. 1:45. "You're expected in the gazeebo brother mine, and I in my seat, the ushers will be having fits." Sherlock gave a dry chuckle at his joke and began the descent to the garden.
He strode in and looked Sherlock up and down before sighing wearily. "Sherlock you're in the palace. Put your trousers on" Sherlock stiffened. "Who's my client" Mycroft sniffed "I can't disclose that information." Sherlock rose and make to leave, and Mycroft placed a foot on the back of his sheet, causing his back and torso to be exposed. That was rather awkward for everyone involved as evidence of John's presence was plastered along his next and collar bones. It was hard to decide who the hickeys were more mortifying for, but John had his vote on himself. The look Mycroft gave him was one he wouldn't soon forget, there was genuine surprise in his expression and revulsion when he read all about their exploits in Sherlock's body. He attempted to ignore it and so did Sherlock. "Who. Is. My. Client" he growled, holding the sheet tightly around his waist. While he was fine with walking away nude he didn't want to leave if this was a good one, better to know first. John sighed as the brothers bickered. The sooner he could get out of here the better. " Boys. Not here." John interjected and Mycroft stepped away, straightening his suit. Sherlock made the decision to put his on. Irene Adler. Oh this would be a good one.
"But why? I don't understand Mycroft! It's not like he moved out, I can tell that he's here for a few hours at a time but then he leaves before I get back or wake up. It's not exactly as if I know what I did, though most times I don't..." Mycroft sat silent in the armchair, tapping his umbrella against the floorboards and waiting for Sherlock to finish pacing. "Sherlock have you possibly considered that it is not you who has done something?" Sherlock twirled around "A new girlfriend? But surely he would have worn nicer clothes and smelled less like the clinic" Mycroft sighed. "I meant that he has done something, although I dare say that Sarah woman played her part... You must have figured it out by now surely." Sherlock wracked his brain but nothing came. He looked so lost, and with what was coming next Mycroft decided to take pity on him, just this once. "Sherlock sit down. From what my sources can gather two weeks ago Sarah got tired of watching idly by while John was oblivious to certain facts, so she had a long discussion with him about it and apparently John reached the desired conclusion, although he didn't look pleased, more ill than anything else" Mycroft drawled at the befuddled detective. "What could John have been oblivious about that Sarah would have noticed?"
“Sherlock? Sherlock, lunch is ready sweetheart , now pop on downstairs to the dining room , we're waiting for you!” Mummy's voice carried to him from the bottom of the stairs and Sherlock sighed, pushing his legs out to open the door.
All other named characters are from the movie itself or in the case of Debbie, just a random name. Hopefully this isn't confusing for people anyway, it was an idea that I couldn't shake having watched the love scene between Ben and McKinley. If you watch nothing else, watch that bit.
"When are we allowed to leave without breaking out?" Sherlock asked Mycroft, his hand falling into John's as he felt his body tense on the bed - nightmare. "The end of the week is the earliest, John's ribs need to repair fully before they can let him leave." Sherlock pouted. He hated hospitals with their stupid rules and incompetent staff, sick people were better off at home where they could die in peace. "Hm. If there are any interesting cases you know where to find me. I'm sure John will be thrilled to learn of your visit." He was making an effort to dismiss people in a more kindly manner especially since these two people in particular had been of assistance with obtaining John. Thankfully they took the hint and left, allowing Sherlock to rest his head next to John's chest and fall asleep to the steady thrum of his heart.
John had been unsurprised when he was taken to a helipad and flown away with two men in black at his side. Obviously Mycroft had a case for Sherlock and his penchant for kidnapping the two of them had taken a more dramatic turn. He had interrupted what could have been a very interesting skype chat once he had gotten back to the car. Bloody interfering man. John couldn't help but wonder if Sherlock was cooperating because he knew very well how he could get if he felt that he had been wronged in some way, especially by Mycroft. John was shown into Buckingham palace which was a shock and a half. It was the sight that greeted him after that which gave him a heart attack. Sherlock was seated upright on the couch for once which was good but as far as John could tell he was only wearing a thin sheet. John sat down on the other side of the couch and crossed his ankles, waiting for Sherlock to explain, but they just sat in silence for a while. "Sherlock are you wearing pants?" he asked unable to contain his curiosity. "No." Their eyes met and they burst into a fit of giggles. They chatted a bit after that, with John expressing his inexplicable urge to steal an ashtray and Sherlock laughing along with him, face crinkling up into a genuine smile. They waited a bit more and Mycroft and a liaison finally arrived.
He had offered anything, and right now all Sherlock could think of was sleep. This golden opportunity would be wasted on something so mundane that he would almost be ashamed, if the thought of it wasn't so enticing. John's head on his pillow, his regular breathing pattern soothing Sherlock to sleep, a tentative hand in his curls maybe, the other wrapped around him, warm and possessive. It was a pleasing thought. Still, Asking for it would be uncomfortable. The likelihood of his pale complexion working against him was high, and blushing over this would make it worse. Still, it was late enough to request sleep, the sun had gone down and Sherlock was tired. With that in mind he dragged himself off the couch, tied his dressing gown more tightly around himself and made his way to the kitchen.
Greg was just about to leave the yard when his phone buzzed.
When he broke the treeline a vast expanse of white sand with water lapping quietly greeted him and he stripped off socks and shoes, leaving himself in shorts and a top to stand at the point where the waves (blissfully warm) would break with a whisper against the skin of his feet. It was wondrous, and as the sun lit diamonds across the water John closed his eyes and took everything in, this moment being one he would recall for years afterwards when life became too stressful. He sat crosslegged on the sand next to his shoes and watched the egg yolk sun sinking to meet the horizon and painting the sky in the exact shades of pink and orange that reminded him of those old fruit salad sweets his dad used to sneak him.
Through it all, John kept up his best smile, genuinely thankful for the company and yet, he could not help being distracted with thoughts of whether Sherlock was alone or surrounded by family at that moment, whether he was feeling lonely or loved, or whether he wished he was somewhere else, not unlike how John felt at that very moment.
"John?" he whispered, gulping down something that sounded like fear. It was written all over his face. He had his arms up, covering his chest,  defending himself. "Mmm?" John grunted back, still drowsy. "John, I... I have realised that... Its about time I told you that I have feelings for you." John was stunned. For one that Sherlock had said anything at all, the man was notoriously inept at dealing with situations involving any sort of feelings, especially his own but mainly because he felt the same way John did. Sherlock took the prolonged silence to mean rejection and blushed  deeply, hoping that he hadn't just lost his one and only friend, and the man he loved. He made to leave Johns bed, feeling more empty than he had ever felt before. He didn't want to be alone. He needed his John.
’ He wracked his brain, trying to alleviate the growing pressure he felt there. ‘
Greg had to admit, the swim trunks he was wearing were maybe a tad bit loud. A bet with Sally had meant he'd ended up buying skin tight purple ones- much to her amusement at the time in the shop, but wearing them now in the Italian sunshine he had to admit he fancied himself in them. He looked pretty damn good in the plum shorts, and he'd even convinced John to get a pair of his own in solidarity (OK so maybe it had been after a few pints and he'd made John grab a pair then and there otherwise there was no way he'd have agreed to what he had done), but his were a camouflage pattern and as a completely impartial third party Greg could honestly say he looked bloody fantastic in them too. They were allowed preen, at their age it wasn't often that you still had the body for clothes like those and with all of their scars and war wounds (literally) combined they were lucky they were  still standing at all.
"Oh you don't like it or Oh you do?" John asked carefully, running his hand in small strokes over his back. Sherlock never replied, just nestled closer and sighed happily in his sleep.
“Oh? And who am I supposedly longing for, may I ask?”
John opened the door to 221b and sighed. The old smell of tea, burning and a faint hint hydrochloric acid was comforting, and he had missed it while they'd been away. Sherlock swooped in behindhim and settled himself onto the couch, lying back, hands steepled under his chin in a familiar pose. "Coffee?" John asked, already having the kettle on for tea. Sherlock didn't respond, but that was usually a yes so John carried his coffee -black, two sugars- over to him. Sherlock accepted the cup and placed it on the small table. John slipped into his armchair and opened his laptop. "Blogging about our exploits?" John laughed "I don't think people want to hear about how fantastic you look on horseback quite honestly, although the photo I took is really something... No, just letting people know we're back if there's any cases" Sherlock furrowed his brow. "I don't remember you taking a photo..." John winked at him "That was the point."
"I think anything we do will scar most of them..." Sherlock smirked "Brilliant" and shoved John backwards onto the couch before straddling his hips and capturing his lips in a lavish kiss, parting his lips and teasing his tongue out into his own mouth until they were wrapped in a slow dance of perfectly timed movement, if Sherlock leaned back John moved with him, a perfect team. The door swung open and officers piled in, not yet seeing the display on the couch that was not merely for their benefit anymore, because Sherlock somehow had his hands twisted into John's jumper and John definitely had a hand on his ass. The team tramped through the hall and into the sitting room and there was a chorus of gasps as various items clattered to the floor and officers shuffled awkwardly, Lestrade coughing at the pair who were tangled in each other, all of them various shades of red. "Eh... Sherlock? Any chance you could em..." Lestrade bumbled and Sherlock pulled his lips from John's before latching himself onto his neck. "You will so pay for this later Sherlock I swear-gah! Yes Greg?" John tried to focus on everything but the Sherlock attacking his neck.
Prompt 8: Lord
He'd never really been big on rules. School had offered up its own set of challenges and he had sharpened his tongue to a razor's edge on the backs of bullies and refined his technique until the first cut was to the bone. Somewhere along the line he had softened his blows again, probably when everyone finally decided he was better off left alone, to something more irritating than soul crushing. A confession is more likely to be made when a suspect is too frustrated to keep their story straight than when they're sobbing about their deepest insecurities. Goading suspects into confessions was a skill of his.
This time though, this time John was waiting, and Sherlock didn't care about boundaries or what anyone would think or say, he needed to physically feel John against him so he instinctively just grabbed him and rested his face against his pulse, the place where his scent was strongest, where Sherlock could feel he was alive. When John lifted him into his lap wrapped him in his arms being silent really was all he could do not to embarrass himself by saying something inappropriate, like how much he loved that John just knew exactly what he needed and gave it, always gave him anything no matter how he might feel about what it was, how much he loved him. If he died you'd die too. The realisation had been on the edge of his brain for a while now, but the mere idea brought the remnants of his nightmare back to him. Blood. Mary. Harpoon. Moriarty. Gun. He could
Only when they were both fully dressed again, though not in the clothes they had been wearing when they came in, did they speak, John's smile eager and reassuring at the same time.
He felt a bit of a twat actually, for letting this get to him so much. He had known Sherlock wouldn't feel quite so strongly for him as he'd want but having even friendship thrown back in his face hurt. Sherlock was his best friend, but what was he meant to do if he wasn't Sherlock's? "Bloody man can't be conscious of other people and their feelings for one bloody moment." John muttered to himself as he found a bench to sit on, ignoring the man at the other end of it until he realised how familiar it was. "Greg?!" Greg turned to face him with a slight grin. "Alright mate?" John glowered at him. "Just peachy Greg, just peachy. Mycroft?" The replying eye roll was confirmation in itself. John sighed, Sherlock wouldn't like this when he found out in the morning. He didn't know why he couldn't just stop caring what Sherlock might feel even when they were fighting. Bloody man.
"Alors, le clés. C'est le petit voiture noir la bas, et je dois dire que le clés pour ouvrir la maison serai dans la même arbe que tu as le donné. Je ne sais pas, ça c'est l'instruction de Monsieur Holmes." Sherlock plucked the keys out of his hand with a little smirk and shrugged at John's questioning look.
John began to move, getting up. He was surprised to find Sherlock looking hurt, and then covering with the indifference he was used to. "I'm just going to the bathroom, I'll be right back" he hesitated a little before planting a soft kiss on Sherlock's forehead. He smiled involuntarily at the bemused look on Sherlock's face, clearly they would be taking this very slow. John was surprisingly fine with that. Everything about this was need for the both of them. He'd waited this long and Sherlock was most definitely worth it.
The cab drove off.
The meal was quite pleasant, conversations ranged from work to the childhoods of Sherlock and Mycroft and questions about Lestrade and how he and Mycroft were doing. "Last I spoke to him they were having a, oh what's the phrase... Little domestic? I spoke to Mycroft about it briefly. The manor has plenty of spare rooms he could sleep in when Lestrade kicks him out of his yet he slept on the couch. Seems rather idiotic." Sherlock scoffed, poking his food about rather than actually eating it. "It's just something people do Sherlock, it's not really about the availability of other sleeping arrangements. You're supposed to be uncomfortable, it's kind of like saying sorry for making your partner upset, but you still have to say sorry." John tried to explain in an easily understood way but the whole practice did seem a bit daft, especially if there was somewhere else you could sleep properly. Before Sherlock could say anything John held up his hands in a placating gesture "I don't make the social conventions" he added and Sherlock rolled his eyes in an affectionate sort of way.
"Night guys" Molly whispered into the air, the sun's first rays just beginning to brighten the horizon. A chorus of "Night Molly" was the last thing she heard before drifting off into a sleep filled with dreams of white dresses and bouquets.
John had to work, even though there was a case on. "I can't just leave them hanging Sherlock, not again. At this rate I'll lose my job because I'm always coming when called. I love the cases, I do, but I kind of need a steady source of income to, you know, live?" he explained hurriedly, chewing on jam covered toast and pulling on his jacket. He did seem genuinely disappointed that he couldn't go with Sherlock today. Sherlock was not feeling better because he felt guilty. Nope, not at all. "Go then, but this one is interesting, At least a seven." Sherlock finally spoke from his curled up position on through couch and he could almost hear John's responding smile. He listened to the footsteps bringing John over to him and smirked as he planted a quick kiss on his cheek. "I'll be back this afternoon, it's only a half shift really. Text me if you're not home and I'll meet you okay?" John added unnecessarily, Sherlock would be texting him through out the day and they both knew it. Sherlock rolled over to face him and kissed him gently "See you later John." John grinned and walked away "See you later Sherlock."
Until next time, Dr. John H. Watson
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock hadn't deliberately left John's gift for last at all, it had just been at the bottom of his pile and so by the time he had gotten around to opening it everyone had finished their own gift unwrapping and was focussed on his. The paper, a dark green, had tormented him from the day it had appeared in 221b. He pulled it apart to reveal a book, supple ebony leather and nothing else met him. "Open it." John murmured hoarsely from behind him. Suddenly tense, Sherlock peeled back the cover to a red marbled front page, the title "For Sherlock Holmes" recently printed in perfect black calligraphy. He turned the page and John's handwriting rose to meet him, a full account of John's every thought, clearly written on the day they first met lay in his hands. He flipped a few pages on and a quick yet startlingly accurate sketch of his face stared up at him. Another few pages and words like brilliant, wonderful, unbelievable and even beautiful caught his eye, and this was barely a few months into their partnership if the date at the top was to be believed. Every sixth page was a drawing, him at the table, bent over the microscope, whirling about a crime scene, pulling on his coat, leaning breathless and laughing against the wall in the hallway, a series of close up shots of his face, eyes closed with hands beneath his chin, Electrified with excitement during a case, a small smile quirking his lips and his personal favourite, his face open and cheeks rosy, mouth soft and wanting for John's. A fantasy, if the date was to be believed, because this, this was drawn almost a year and a half ago now. "John I..." Sherlock's voice cracked, and if it were even possible his face revealed a part of his soul, previously unseen by the majority of the room. How could anyone doubt the love John had for him seeing this? "I... Thank you. It's... that is... good" he finished rather lamely, but how could anyone possibly express what they felt looking into the heart of another and seeing pure adoration in every line of it? John's mind, his every thought, written just for him.
John had been snapped out of his panic and was sitting, arms wrapped tightly around his face in the farthest corner of the room. "Jesus, I'm so sorry Greg I don't know what came over me, I'm so sorry" John repeated over and over like a mantra as the detective got his breath back. "S'fine" he managed to say croakily. Sherlock stayed relatively quiet. "What, exactly, does this Moran have against you?" John sighed, hands steadying, his response to danger that he could handle. "It's a long story." He sighed wearily as Sherlock perched on the edge of the stuffy old sofa that was the only useable furniture in the room. Lestrade rubbed at his neck and leaned against the door, telling forensic analysts to stay out for a while. John began his tale.
“I can do it, Doctor Watson, you should go have a cuppa, you're on your break after all,” the nurse -
“Cacophonous? Do I detect a hint of the morning crossword?” Holmes jested, an answering grin lighting up his face as snow covered boots were removed by the door and hat and coat forsaken. He had come back.
"Is this any way to treat your new husband? I demand a kiss at the very least." He grinned and Sherlock smirked back at him.
"Fine" he sighed and strode off to the bathroom. He'd have to start getting ready. "Sherlock if you use all the hot water I swear I'll" Sherlock dropped his robe outside the bathroom door "Well if you want to conserve water we could always shower together?" John was there before Sherlock had even finished his sentence.
He trained his eyes on the spot to the front of the house where he had once fallen off his own horse. The prized mares were no longer kept there though, considering how the Holmes boys were now adults and hardly back at the estate and their parents themselves, not exactly able to ride the horses anymore; let alone mount them. Mummy now spent her time tending to her greenhouse and their father would be in his library, poring over his collection of old scholars’ books.
John rubbed a hand over his eyes when he thought Sherlock wasn't looking, he hadn't had sleep in a good five days, not that he would even dream of complaining, not when Sherlock was so vibrant. It was the case of a life time and the number of people they had saved from criminals and... Slaves they'd freed had personally thanked them both. John had gotten to know some of them, mainly because he was a doctor first before a blogger and it was in those sewers that he had forced Sherlock to stop, just for an hour. Just so he could help these people. Sherlock had taken one look at him and nodded, dashing home and returning in minutes with a medical kit and help on the way. Sherlock had even broken his strict no unecessary physical contact during cases rule to give John a hug and a quick peck.
“Go home, keep warm, get some rest. Come back in the morning if you want, he'll probably still be under but I'll be here the whole time. Here's my number in case you need to come in after visiting hours or anything, I can only guess how strange your schedule is. I'm assuming you have contact details for Mycroft? Give him a ring, let him know the situation if you haven't already and then call a cab because sorry to say it mate, but you look wrecked. You need some serious sleep - Doctor's orders.”
"Morning Sherlock" he yawned into his chest. "Good morning John. We promised Mummy that we" John pressed a finger to his lips "Shshsh. No discussions until I've at least had some tea."Sherlock rolled his eyes and extricated his body from John's octopus arms. Sometimes it was hard to believe he only had two of them, he always seemed to tangle himself around Sherlock. "Come along then John" he called as he pulled on his robe and swept out into the kitchen. John rubbed the sleep from his eyes and stretched, wide awake now he threw on a pair of lounge pants and turned on the kettle bare chested. Sherlock had picked up his violin and was playing, the melody swelling and changing key as he swayed, whole body moving with it. John watched enthralled until the toast popped and kettle boiled and he had to look away. When he had set the table the music stopped abruptly and Sherlock sat down with a contented sigh to sip his tea. "We're bringing Mrs Hudson with us to Mummy's later in case you've forgotten" he remarked over his mug, smirking at John's sleep mused hair and lack of shirt. "Somehow I don't think I could forget the fact that we're taking Mrs Hudson with us. You have told her that though, right?" John shook his head fondly as Sherlock realised his mistake. "MRS HUDSON" he bellowed, she was obviously awake and probably just beginning to make lunch, so late had they slept in.
, I just told you where John will be tonight. What are you waiting for? Off you pop, brother mine!”
John's problem was that he was too kind for his own good. Sherlock, listening to his soft reassurances, was even more conflicted about his request. There was a chance that this encounter could destroy their friendship, but God was he exhausted. There was no backing out now.
John often used this room when he found himself having to break the news to distraught relatives that cutting off life support was the best way out. The same desk and two chairs have bared witness to more than a few consent forms being filled out and signed.
“For god’s sake… you’ll never understand what it is like when your mind is whirring out of control only to jerk to a stop and refuse to connect the dots. I did what I had to do. I got the job done, so kindly drop the subject so we can focus on
"There are more. Even you should be able to gather that obviously the solution will become apparent as you continue on. Now, either be silent and sit here to wait or read on." Sherlock spat and turned back to look ahead. Lestrade cleared his throat and picked up the next one. The letter was dirty, gritty with sand bleached by the sun. "This one is dated the 26th of December 2010 and is from a man named John Watson." Sherlock interrupted. "Captain or Doctor to you. Take your pick." Greg sighed "Fine Captain John Watson. Dear Sherlock Holmes, I'm going to hazard a guess that your brother is the one who added an address to the bottom of your letter. He could have made a bit more of an effort in emulating your writing, his is nothing like yours. I suppose I ought to thank you for the letter, it was probably the single best part of my day which is unsurprising given the fact that I'm in a warzone, you know, people dying all around me and what not. It was hands down the single strangest one of those letters I've ever read and thank God for that! Usually it's just some old bird waxing on and on about how they're forever in our debt and how proud they are that we're fighting the good fight. At least yours was interesting. You shouldn't do drugs you know, bit not good that. I should know, I'm a doctor. But I think you already know that, and you're clearly staying clean because that brother of yours seems the type to lock you away for any relapse. You work with the police then I take it? I have to say (though it sounds awful) that the case you're working on is quite interesting, haven't got any news of London for as long as I've been stationed here so it's good to hear that it's still as... Violent? As ever. I hope you get the suspect acquitted, can't say I'd not be impressed. You seem like a very smart man Sherlock Holmes so I'm not going to wish you a 'pleasant festive season' I'm going to wish you a good case. If you do respond, I'd love to hear all about it, and how you solved it. Best wishes, Cpt. John Watson RAMC."
Three things stuck out like sore thumbs in the familiar plateau. In the grate, a low fire was burning, with just a few dying embers still bravely fighting to keep alight and despite several hours having passed, the tea and chocolate biscuits left by Mrs Hudson at some point earlier in the evening remained untouched.  John hadn’t spent so many years with Sherlock and learned nothing. Plus, he’d once watched Sherlock drink tea that had an
Mycroft turned to face him. "How did you feel about him?" he asked, puzzled slightly, he'd made jokes about a happy announcement but he had no idea why, it was just to rile Sherlock up, he never actually thought John was anything more than a friend to Sherlock. "Seriously? The two of you are so... so ignorant of some things it's unbelievable. How can you not see it? I loved him! I loved him through it all and I couldn't tell him even when he was standing on that bloody roof. Does that make me a coward Mycroft, the fact that I was happier to love him in secret and keep him than tell him and risk him leaving? He died without knowing that someone loved him, that someone could know all about him and his mad plans and experiments and still love him all the more for it, without knowing any of it! I could have said it on the phone that day, I wanted to, it was just waiting to spill out." Mycroft patted John on the back gently. "No. No it doesn't. And I think, if what you say is true, he would have known, in the end, he would have heard it. He knew John. He knew." Mycroft whispered. He could only hope that Sherlock did know.
"The stitching indicates the use of a machine, If he is examined you'll find the body is lined with a residue of sand." Sherlock swept about the room and stopped at the back wall. "Scaffolding. Why would... Oh. That's new." Lestrade looked up from his notes. "What's new?" Sherlock's eyes gleamed. "This killer is playing Puppet Master." By now John had distanced himself in his head from the person on the ground and was able to appreciate the deductions once more. "That's brilliant" he said and Sherlock visibly puffed up with pride. "The other victims?" Lestrade flipped through his notes. "Various ages, none look too similar, different schooling, residences are scattered across London, only connection is they were all in the military" John whipped around. "Let me see them" Lestrade handed over the folder and watched as John's eyes crumpled up in recognition. "All of these men were in my company. All of them. There's only two more people left alive from it now. Harold Thomson and me."
A/N: I am so sorry this has taken as long as it has, my only excuse is that school has been crazy and I haven't had a minute to myself without a book or a score in it for weeks. There may also have been a bit of self recrimination to blame; I did start writing small pieces of this more than once but I was just not happy with it, still amn't sure of it tbh. But I think (if my cacullations e right which who knows, maths and I have never really gotten on) that this chapter pushes the word count over the 100k mark, so I'd like to thank each and every person who reads this for every second of your attention to this story. Every follow, favourite and  kind word have been appreciated 100 fold and I hope I can keep your attention. Thank you all~S
1: Ring - although given John's aversion to jewellery apart from his bracelet that may not be an easy task, must be imbued with sentiment and more so than usually is by such items, see other options
"First things first. Have any of you ever taken dance instruction before?" John was actually quite surprised when two other hands went up with his own. It seemed to please her at least a little bit. "Not total beginners, that will help. Name and style?" Tom spoke first with a blush. "Eh... Tom Daly, Ballroom?" She nodded and looked to Henry who was rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly. "Henry Knight, Jazz and swing." A small smile flitted across her face at that and then she rounded on John. "John Watson, Ballet." Triumph shone in her eyes and the team gasped in shock. "You were a ballerina?!" John rolled his eyes. "Yes Andy I was a ballerina. Then I took up football and now I'm your captain so I would stand down if I were you." Andy hastily muttered and apology which John graciously accepted and Ms Adler seemed almost gleeful. "Oh yes you'll do just fine. My grand plan to ensure you make the proper effort is to include each of you in our winter expo regardless of the progress you do or do not make. You'll make an effort or make a fool of yourself. Your choice. Those of you who have a style already go sit by the wall. As for the rest of you I will pick. Names quickly." In a state of utter shock they began to name themselves.
2: Speak with Mycroft directly about plans - though a text will suffice
"You won't enjoy yourself John, I'm warning you now while there's still time to administer a mild dose of anthrax" John shook his head and smiled. "No anthrax. We'll survive, plus a whole weekend away might be nice for a change, no fingers in the jam, no explosions,no potentially deadly fungi on the table" Sherlock smiled a bit at that. It would be a bit more bearable with John at his side. "There's a suitcase in the bottom of the wardrobe, that is if you plan on packing clothes." it sounded ridiculously suggestive, then again, most things that came out of Sherlock's mouth did. John thrust a piece of toast into Sherlock's hands and then opened the wardrobe.
It felt wrong that the earth was still turning, the sun still shone, people were born and smiling and happy, life kept going even though his whole world had stopped. People would not remain sympathetic forever, this much he knew, so he got up every morning and went to work at the clinic, made mindless small talk, smiled and laughed in all the right places because he was fine, declining offers of drinks and dinner and coffee and chats from Molly and Lestrade in favour of Harry who knew exactly what was going on. He'd work and do the shopping and go back to his flat and stare at the telly and go to bed, trying fruitlessly to sleep for more than an hour at a time. He'd lost more than he'd care to admit at St Barts, yet the annual pilgrimage continued on the anniversary regardless of his personal hatred of the place.
We're just glad there's Setlock to distract ya'll from our horrendous updating schedule. Isn't slow burn fuuuuuunnn? :p
The first words out of his mouth were so soft that his parents had to strain forward to hear them. “John.. John's too good for me.”
"Well, first there was a bit about how this is an extreme reaction, and perhaps I said something along the lines of understanding the want of revenge but that butchering another man in this fashion--" Holmes leapt to his feet and grinned, clapping his gloves hands together.
John felt his grip tightening around his wrist, his throat threatening to release a cry of pain. John wouldn't let himself do that. He was a soldier, something he repeated continually in his head as Moriarty crushed first his wrists and then punched him in the face. A soldier. "You're no fun at aaaallll John, Sherlock needs to discipline you better." Jim laughed, looking at his watch. His grin widened as he pushed an earpiece into John's ear and shoved his purple wrists into the coat sleeves. "You say whatever I tell you to. One word different and BOOM both of you will die!" Moriarty zipped up the jacket as Sherlock's voice rang out from the pool. Jim pushed John out of the cubicle and into the darkened pool.
Pas de deux- literally step of two, a partnered dance in ballet
Lestrade strolled in and did a double take, foregoing his customary greeting in favour of gaping at Mr June. "Bloody hell is that John?" he asked as the crowd parted to let him through. "It would appear so." Sherlock managed to speak without really thinking about it. He turned to Lestrade and frowned as the man licked his lips and stared at the seething mass of dilated pupils surrounding him. "We should... eh... we should probably not keep looking at this. John would be upset... probably." Sherlock said, but no one tore their attention away, if anything that was like turning up the heating and it felt as though some sort of orgy was likely to break out in the middle of the room. Eventually, however, a lightly flushed Lestrade dispersed the crowd and herded Sherlock back to the reports in his office.
"You COCK Sherlock Holmes!" John yelled from the other side of the carriage. Sherlock chuckled from his place on the floor "You say such sweet things to me John, tell me, do you kiss your mother with that mouth?" He knew he was off the hook when John's furious face gave way to relentless laughter. He blinked up at him, and John squirmed internally at the look he was giving him, as if he'd just seen him for the first time, as if he wanted to be ravished presently, across the seats John if you please. John blushed at the thought and turned to see torch beams heading in their direction. "And you called the police." He sighed and rubbed the bridge of his nose. Sherlock Holmes was alive and as annoying as ever and John couldn't have been more pleased to have the arsehole back.
"You are incredible Sherlock, how do you even do tha-" Sherlock cut him off, putting his hands in either side if John, effectively pinning John to the wall. That was when he kissed him.
As quietly as he could John entered 221b and packed up his suitcase, removing all evidence that he had ever lived there and avoiding waking Sherlock until he was finished and ready to face him. "Sherlock." John could feel Sherlock moving to his bedroom door, the way he froze when John said his name and then cautiously opened his door. "John what... Oh." Sherlock looked around the now bare looking flat and stared silently at the suitcases and bags at the door. "You're leaving." John nodded. "Sarah asked me to move in with her and I said I would." They were silent, eyes locked. John could feel his heart pounding in his chest, screaming that this was wrong. Just this once John decided that listening to his heart was not a good idea. He turned to pick up his bags and opened the door. Sherlock was still standing in the middle of the room just staring at him. "John! No. Wait. Just- just don't leave. Please. Don't."
"It's all going to be different now. Our lives as we know them are over." Sherlock whispers into Johns ear, his chest rumbling against John's back.
Mary all that much. He didn't love her like he did Sher--.
The ring Sherlock had gotten John was a simple gold band, with thin lines scratched into the surface of it. Most people would see it as maybe a type of Sanskrit or perhaps a lesser know branch of Arabic but in truth it was Tolkien's Elvish, something John would doubtless appreciate given his obvious adoration of the fantasy novel. If there was anything that John could be taunted with it would probably be his inherent love of 'nerd' culture - Dr. Who and Torchwood were the only two shows he would really watch and Sherlock didn't even try and disturb him anymore,missing them made him rather irritable, but even that endeared John to Sherlock, so much so that he had read all of Tolkien's works and accidentally learned Elvish, which he was going to delete until he had the idea of using it to engrave John's ring. The squiggly lines actually made the ring look rather similar to the ring of power from the series itself, although it didn't speak of ruling the world, but rather something much more sentimental. The engraving itself had been Molly's idea, she had always felt that a personal message to last a lifetime on someone's hand was incredibly romantic. Now that he saw it, he had to agree. Everyday John would glance down at his hand while doing ordinary mundane tasks like filling the kettle and he would see Sherlock's message and smile. The engraving read "Until the stars fade away and whatever we orbit combusts, Until there is no oxygen left, Until our transport is decayed and long since gone, Until we crumble to dust in the Earth, and even then, I'm yours."It was lucky that Elvish letters were more like phrases and each line was so thin, his message covered the circumference of the ring entirely. He closed the box gently and popped it onto the scarf before folding it up and hiding the box from view and then he tucked it safely into his coat's inner pocket. He had everything arranged and a couple of hours from now he was going to do it. God this was nervewracking, the waiting that is, for John to come home and then for the right time to let him in on his plans except the obvious part. There was still that niggling doubt in the back of his mind, that John would reject him and bolt, just as he had feared he was going to when he first admitted his feelings to John in the middle of the night. He had to push past this, block it out as he used to with all his emotions.
His patient could only glare back at him, clearly unnerved at having not scared this particular person away with his deductions where others were quick to flee before he could cause any further emotional harm. The man’s mouth twitched a bit at the corner but he promptly cleared his face of all emotion and snorted haughtily.
Carefully, John began to wrap his ribs up. "What about" the mellifluous voice almost whispered in his ear "girlfriends?" Shudders rushed from his neck to his legs. "Not really my area" quite possibly the largest understatement he'd ever uttered. "What about a boyfriend then?" "No." John's chest rumbled pleasantly against Sherlock's skin through his shirt. "Good, you're unattached, like me." The bandaging was finished, text book work, but tentative hands remained resting carefully along hip bones and Sherlock was damned if he was going to be the one to break that connection. This was absurd, his logical mind knew. He was a God for crying out loud, an extraterrestrial stranger that had been dumped at random and by pure chance John had been the one to come across him. And John… well. That was just the strangest part of all because who in their right mind took such care of a stranger, accepted their odd quirks, called them brilliant even, and then to top it all off had a romantic interest in Sherlock that was far from repulsive? Though he didn't believe in this sort of thing, it was abundantly apparent that John was the only person, in the entire universe it seemed, that was as suited to Sherlock as Sherlock was to him. Sherlock let out a noncommital hum and leaned into the embrace when the door flew open.
A/n (before the fic? *Gasp*) Im going to do an AU - soulmate!verse just to try it on for size. I know exactly nothing about doing properly AU so sorry for the shambles that this will probably be
“I don't know what you're talking about but I really would like to--”
Ah. Sherlock hadn't thought of the fact that John could always get a woman to make his with, and he would be perfectly happy to. Sherlock, however, would not be able to do anything at all with anyone else. No one else "did it" for him. "Because it would be much simpler and quite frankly less time consuming, that way we can both be in the office at the same time in case of trouble, and if you want me to be blatantly honest with you I don't like the idea of doing it with someone I don't know or like." Sherlock didn't mention that it would be his first time, he didn't really have to. John knew, or could tell or something. Either way he could feel himself blushing and wanted to run away. Embarrassment was not an emotion he was particularly comfortable with at all.
“He sounds wonderful Sherlock, I do wish you'd thought to invite him down, it's not everyday I get to meet people who Myc describes as being very fond of you. Tell me all about him!” She finished, folding her arms expectantly as Sherlock floundered.
"I never begrudge a man his pleasure Mr..?" Watson smiled as he gazed at him from head to toe and glanced pointedly at the sketches on the wall. Sherlock coughed at the overt acknowledgement.
Greg yawned blearily at his desk, attempting for the third time to focus on filling in the report he'd been working on all afternoon. He was exhausted, not that he was complaining about that at all. Magically, he'd been given over a week off this year, and today was his last before the holidays so he really did need to do the damned report but every minute that ticked by just made him want to do it less. There was a confident knock on his door and he jumped, scrambling to make it look like he had been working. "Calm down Lestrade it's only me." Sally chuckled as she swept into the office and dumped a coffee in front of him. "Come on, you need a break." Greg sighed and leaned back in his chair, propping his feet up on the desk. He'd gotten much closer to Sally since she'd told Anderson off and left him, it seemed that she was a much more confident and generally pleasant person without him, and he without her. Anderson was still an annoying, homophobic dick though. She was the only person he'd trusted enough at the Yard to tell about Mycroft, and while she'd been surprised, she fully supported anything that made him happy, and it was great to have somebody to chat to at work, or to help make excuses when Mycroft visited and he couldn't be reached because they were 'discussing top secret government matters that didn't concern you and please go away now'. Grinning, Sally settled cross-legged into her chair and pulled out a doughnut which she split in half "You get what, a whole week off?" she queried, licking sugar from her fingers. Greg smirked "Eight days actually, Nine if you count the fact that I'm leaving here in about an hour." Sally groaned "Lucky bastard! I need to get me a nice respectable government running boyfriend that wants to whisk me away to his family manor for the holidays." He nodded in understanding, the Mycroft effect was pretty astonishing, and he could remember a time not so long ago where that had pissed him off royally. Greg sipped his coffee gratefully and lost himself in thought, looking fondly back to when he'd first been kidnapped to meet the older brother of a drug addicted kid that had helped solve a few cases while high as a kite he'd convinced to get clean in exchange for access to crime scenes: Mycroft Holmes. "Oi! Lestrade! You in there? I said you'd better pack this stuff away now if you want to be ready in time for Mr. 'Take you to my country estate with a stable after I finish a quick game of croquet with the Queen'. Sally chuckled at Greg's blush (she didn't know just how accurate that statement was. Seriously. It happened. Thrice.) and wished him a merry Christmas before sneaking out of his office and back to her desk. He really should have finished those reports, but it was quite satisfying to just pop them in a drawer and know that he'd not have to look at them for a week.
John's hands seemed magnetically attracted to Sherlock's curls, he couldn't seem not to touch them when they kissed, stroking and pulling and nuzzling into them with gentle hands and perfect pressure, as if his hands had always know where they were meant to be. Each curl was uniquely beautiful to him, and he had often said that he was jealous of the pillow that got to hold them all night when he couldn't.
When he had opened them, John had been quite nervous of his reaction – after all, their attitude at that stage had been more suited to walking across a minefield than living together again - but the genuine warmth that had lit Sherlock’s eyes had acted like a revelation and slowly but surely, they had gotten back to the way things had been before.
Greg watched as the other couples danced away. He and Mycroft hadn't danced together at all, but both of them had been in constant demand. He'd had a great conversation with Wills and Kate at the bar about England's world cup prospects, and had even been asked on a few dates that he had to decline for obvious reasons. It had been a great party, a lovely evening truly, but he was finished messing about now, really he was. This drink was the first interaction he'd had with Mycroft all night and he was not letting that be how their night culminated, a quick drink and a few words at the side of the dancefloor. They'd had years of that already, enough to last a lifetime. Flicking his eyes to the clock Greg smiled. Ten to midnight. "Dance with me." "What?" Mycroft spluttered. "Mycroft Holmes will you dance with me?" Mycroft frowned and nibbled on his lip. "Gregory you know why that's not a good idea." "I do." Greg nodded, putting his hand on Mycroft's waist and easing the glass from his hands, setting it down on a table. "I just can't quite bring myself to care. If Sherlock and John over there" he jerked his head in the direction of the couple who were laughing as John attempted a particularly outlandish move that landed him against Sherlock's chest "can dance together like utter fools all night, I think we can have one dance." Regardless he was leading Mycroft bodily into the fray, stopping when they reached a semi crowded area and dropping to an exaggerated bow before tucking his hands around Mycroft's waist. He wouldn't have missed the shy smile that bloomed across Mycroft's face for anything in the world.
Sometimes Mycroft could barely believe that he was now in possession of more friends than he had ever thought to have in his life. At one point he'd had only Sherlock, but burning those bridges had meant years of being alone, until he had found Lucia. A conventional friendship theirs was not, and very few knew quite how close they really were, within his profession there were rules against it of course, and his moving up the political ladder had not been a solely selfish endeavour if it meant maintaining their secret until it didn't matter anymore. He had been the biggest supporter of the fact that caring was not an advantage. He had meant it when he'd taught his brother that. Yet here he was, driving a car full of people who would call themselves his friends and vice versa, to a villa in the outskirts of  Venice for a week long holiday. The world, he had concluded, was quite a fickle and strange place to be.
Holly looked across at Molly standing beside her once again against the balcony. This could be the perfect opportunity, but if she's wrong...
Wordlessly Sherlock sank into the couch. John cleared his throat before pouring the drinks and handing one over. Sherlock downed his and felt the burn as it slid down his throat and watched John do the same. "Ok. I've been thinking that we probably shouldn't be doing everything in front of a camera especially for the first time, so we should probably start out here and then move to there when we're both a little more comfortable right?" John looked at Sherlock for affirmation that he wasn't alone in thinking this would be difficult enough without involving a camera from the get go. "That seems logical, what do you propose we do then?" John moved slightly closer and angled his body into Sherlock's. He put his hands softly on Sherlock's cheeks, moving their faces closer to together. "This" he whispered, closing the distance between them and planting his lips on Sherlock's. It was a shock at first but Sherlock began to move too, nipping softly at John's lower lip and running his tongue along the seam. John opened his mouth happily and Sherlock was tasting him, Tasting what John would taste like.
He had been content on having his big brother be his one and only source of comfort, but to the contrary, Mycroft had much more pressing matters to handle besides his brother. There would come a day where he would not be around to look out for Sherlock, and it is at this point that it would be reassuring to have someone else to look to for companionship, one who would keep him grounded.
With a grateful nod Lestrade turned and disappeared down the corridor, promising to check in on Sherlock the next day. John heaved a heavy sigh in his seat, wringing his hands in worry. Now that he had enlightened Lestrade on the possible complications of Sherlock’s drowning, it occurred to him that Sherlock may not take well to once again waking up to the cold, sterile environment of a hospital room, and not forgetting that he most likely do so alone and be feeling out of sorts. Mycroft seemed unlikely to be the type to keep a bedside vigil, and Detective Inspector Lestrade has his own work and other matters to attend to.
The first thing Sherlock noticed, as he began to come to, was how cold he was despite the thick wool of his coat separating him from the... concrete? Groggily opening an eye, Sherlock tried to reconcile what he was seeing with what he understood of the known universe- either the suspect's home had been hidden somehow inside a cheese factory, or he had stumbled into an alternate universe, or, and the longer he stared up at the towering block of cheeses, the more he was swaying towards this one, he had been discovered during the small, technically undocumented search that he and John had been doing, and then been knocked out and stowed away in somewhere that was familiar to their suspect, Henry Long.
John dragged Greg up to his old bed and dumped him unceremoniously onto the bed, returning to place paracetamol and a glass of water on the side table by the sleeping man. Chuckling at the drool dribbling slowly from the corner of his mouth John snapped a photo and sent it to Sherlock before trudging back to his armchair. He'd not had the chance yet to update his blog and inform the masses that they were engaged and though he was slightly on the wrong side of sober he opened his laptop and began.
Well. Of all the ways to go, Sherlock didn't think he'd be doing so by drowning. Quite dull, if you asked him. At least an overdose would have been his own decision, and distinctly less full of rat urine and communicable diseases. Then again, what difference did that make to him now? He was dying, after all.
... I...
"Because you can actually sit down, I won't try and stop you." Sherlock caught his eye and nodded, plopping himself down and sprawling out across a row of chairs. The man simply threw him a half smile and went back to his laptop, somehow knowing that silence would be appreciated. Sherlock observed him slyly around steepled fingers and watched as he typed and ran hands through his hair, licking his lips every few seconds without even noticing and occasionally fiddling with his shirt buttons. Eventually Sherlock looked away and closed his eyes, content to rest a bit, archive this success in his mind palace, and mentally prepare for the hell ahead. Time passed and before Sherlock knew it the stranger was rising, gathering his things and moving swiftly towards the exit. Just before he crossed out of sight, the blonde man turned back to him with a grin and a slight wave.
Tonight was no exception. Sherlock looked around the world his mind had created. Everything was bathed in crimson light and Sherlock could feel the weight of something in his hands. His violin.
Sherlock smiled sadly and shrugged. "Do you play?" he asked, knowing the answer, he'd seen it in the shredded tips of his fingers but wanting to expel the heavy silence crashing on them. John held out a hand and Sherlock passed the guitar over, taking in their intimate position with a blush. "What should I play?" John asked, hoping for a specific song but knowing Sherlock he wouldn't get that. "Play a song that makes you think of someone you know" Sherlock decided after contemplating the request for a second. John nodded and swallowed his fear because he was going to play a song that reminded him of Sherlock, or rather what he wished he could say without feeling like an idiot and being rejected because that was what would happen in the end. "I can't guarantee this will be any good but here goes" John took a deep breath and Sherlock stared unabashed at him as he began to sing.
Mycroft tipped his shoulder in the barest estimation of a shrug. “And yet, here we are.” He drawled lazily as Sherlock turned once again to face the problem at hand. The problem, naturally, being one John H. Watson and his apparently magic induced slumber.
A/N Hello dolls I'm back! Writers block is a bit of a bitch guys, seriously not fun at all, so if this is terrible I apologise but it's all my brain would spew out so deal with it! French names, Idek... I assume that mother-in-laws ask about weddings and grandkids because ya know, that's the type of thing they care about? That's a conversation they needed to have anyway so yerps... There may be some French conversation next chapter so be warned that might happen and yeah that's pretty much it, thanks for reading, reviewing, follows and favourites! ~S
Too soon (or not soon enough depending on your point of view) it was time for speeches to be made. Greg stood up with his glass in his hand and smiled out at the crowd. "Those of you who know Sherlock will know that the fact we're seated here this evening is nothing short of a miracle. That miracle's name is John, and he is quite short." Laughter broke out and John elbowed him in the leg. Still Greg continued on. "There's a lot I could say about this pair, from the first time I met them to the things they've admitted while sloshed. However, I'm not going to do that. They say a picture is worth a thousand words, so if you'd all face the wall to your left..." and suddenly Greg was hopping down from the dais and a projector was being wheeled in. "Oh dear God" Sherlock cringed as he realised this was actually happening.
"What about Debbie? She seems like she'd be down, and I heard that bunk seven girls are all looking for some action tonight, some sort of pact." Mike thought about it but then shook his head, scratching her name off their list of potential girls for John.
Oh don't worry, he feels the same, has done for years according to Sherlock, anyway we're going to help get you together- J
"Stop flirting with me and let me up." John laughed affectionately, and hauled himself off the cold ground to get a better picture of where they were being kept. As he looked around, John felt like he was actually getting more confused. This was ridiculous, and he couldn't believe that this was where they were, but he was incredibly familiar with it. "Sherlock, when I tell you where we are, and you get your head on straight, you're going to be so mad."
John Watson was undoubtedly an ordinary man, but oh how he longed
It was an antique shop, wooden and cosy and filled with all manner of items, all covered in a thin layer of dust. At first glance it was a haphazard arrangement of furnishings and books but if you walked through it as they were now, you travelled further through time with each step. The air smelled homely, lived in, with subtle hints of wood varnish and typing ink. "Well I'll be, Sherlock Holmes is that you?" from behind a curtain came an old man, stooped low over a walking stick, eyes magnified to huge orbs by thick lenses in his glasses. "Hello Edgar. John this is Edgar, he runs this establishment. Edgar this is John my... My John." The old man gave a toothless grin and appraised John, who was rather rooted to the spot. Sherlock was being friendly, genuinely friendly. "Hello Edgar, you have a great shop here" John extended a hand and shook the gnarled fingers of the fuzzy haired man before him. "I did say to you that someone would come along and be just right for you didn't I? Ex-military too that's interesting. I've heard all about your blog John, riveting stuff, although I bet he's always at your throat for leaving out a few of the more nitty gritty deductions." He smiled fondly at Sherlock who shuffled his feet, as if his teacher had caught him doing something he wasn't supposed to. John chuckled "You're a genius too I take it?" Edgar winked and beckoned for them to come sit down by the register in the chintz chairs that surrounded it. "Can't stay on my feet too long these days, I'm getting on you know. Yes back in the day I was considered genius, of course not on the scale of Sherlock here, but genius none the less." Sherlock scoffed fondly and turned to John. "I met Edgar soon after I got clean, his shop became something of a haven for me, In fact I had read every tome in this shop by the time I became a real consulting detective." Edgar nodded, leaning back in his chair. "It was nice to have some company that could host a decent conversation, or even just to read silently with. Although you were a young man then, barely out of school. We learned a lot from each other I think. Even to this day you and that brother of yours are the only other people I've met that compare to myself intellectually. No cause for false modesty, that's the truth. In all my years, you are the first person who has taught me something I couldn't have taught myself or that I hadn't already learned. School was a bit of a bust as you can tell, most teachers didn't take to kindly to my being smarter than them, but Sherlock knows all about that." he snorted , wizened body shaking with silent laughter. "His ego's big enough without you telling him that he taught you things, he'll be insufferable for weeks!" John winked and Sherlock gave him a shove, noting the amused twinkle in Edgar's eyes.
Rosie Mia Watson-Holmes is born weighing 7 pounds 6 ounces, at 6:17 pm on the clearest 5th of November for years. Her parents literally fall into the room a minute before she takes her first breath. They both cry when the hear her voice for the first time. She is the lightest thing Sherlock has ever held and he would destroy the world for her already.
In the end, it’s the socks that do it.
John did not expect that line of questioning. “What do you mean?”
He strode in, rushing his way across the room to sit on the edge of the bed just as Sherlock roared his name and sat bolt upright, his entire body trembling. Wide eyes met John's for only a second before Sherlock was pressed against him, hands fisted in his shirt and face buried in his shoulder as he breathed raggedly against John's neck. Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale. The breath blowing across his neck was warm but the rest of Sherlock was cold, and John could feel his heart racing even through his shirt. He said nothing, but he wrapped his arms carefully around Sherlock's back, turning and pulling him gently into his lap, encircling the man with himself because if he was right that's what Sherlock was trying to do anyway. Gently John began to rock back and forth, his hand rubbing big circles across Sherlock's back, ignoring entirely the fact that it was sticky with sweat. Sherlock shuddered and burrowed deeper into him, probably stretching his pyjama top with white knuckle grip he had on it. "It's ok Sherlock, you're ok." John soothed, and wondered what had broken this impossible man.
The elder Holmes seemed to be having trouble, his face pinched in a moue of distaste for his words, but John was only confused by them. What was this conversation supposed to help? John's worries about Sherlock's blatant lack of self restraint were only growing with every word. With a sigh, and an almost weary “until next time, Doctor Watson”, he was gone, and John was abruptly aware that with him went the most difficult patient he'd ever come across (right behind himself of course), the most interesting and intelligent person he was ever likely to meet, and also the first person he'd felt anything beyond base physical desire for since James.
“Oof! Mycroft! What the hell?”
“Ah.”
It seemed simple enough, and Sherlock would love nothing more than to reach across the table and press their lips together, John would gasp and he'd take the advantage of his mouth being open to explore it with his tongue. Then he'd be across to the other side of the table and John would be against the wall, hips pushing against his, fighting to remove his trousers and Sherlock would smirk and snake his hand down and then John would be moaning and begging him to do more and he would oblige and they would both be naked all of a sudden and he'd push John down into the soft rug in the living room. Slowly but surely he'd loosen him up until both of them were writhing and then he'd fill John completely, making both of them want to scream with pleasure and maybe one of them would and John would beg him to go faster and he would and he'd be moaning John's name into his mouth and then John would tighten around him and the noise of his name flying from John's lips like a prayer would tip him over too and they'd lay together on the floor until they decided that maybe a bed was a better option.
,’ he concluded, brow furrowed in uncertainty. If the two of them were indeed together, then how would Doctor Watson -
John steeled himself. If he wasn’t careful, there could be no denying what he said next, and though he was quite hopeful he wouldn’t have to deny it, there was always the possibility that he would. “The other… the other is that when I do it, you... blush. The colour of it is… well. It’s quite comely on you. I think.” The fire crackled, and Holmes didn’t breathe, didn’t speak. Careful not to move too suddenly, John edged forward and put a hand on his shoulder. “Goodnight, then.” He said quietly into the stillness, and was about to turn and walk away when Holmes’s hand flew up and grasped his tightly.
“Whatever are you musing about over there? I think I may finally understand what you meant about thinking loudly my dear fellow, your thoughts at the moment are positively cacophonous.” Watson’s voice, clearly lilted with the force of his grin, drifted over as the sound of his entrance and the shutting of the door finally registered in Holmes’ head.
John loved him back. The words whirled around in his mind palace, filling his John room to bursting. He understood now why people felt the need to say it to each other. Sherlock had known how he felt about John and how John felt about him. It was in every word they spoke, everything they did for each other showed him that they loved one another, but this was so much more. It was confirmation that he was not alone, that he would never be alone again. He smiled down and brushed his hand lightly across John's cheek before leaning in and kissing him gently, careful not to hurt him.
John marveled at him, waiting till they were home to ask him how he'd figured everything out. Sherlock had calmly explained it to him for a while, tempted to leave out the bit where he'd gotten Mycroft to give some SAS men a quick tip about the shooters that had almost ruined his life, after which John was awestruck.
John wheezed and coughed, the taste of his own seared flesh permeating his mouth. It always seemed that his dominant hand or arm rather was the one to get injured. First the shooting in Afghanistan and now this, his left arm would be a myriad of scars by the time he died. There was a distinct possibility that the burns wouldn't have time to scar. John was not an idiot, he knew full well that the drowsiness he was feeling would begin to overcome him soon enough, although he had no idea how soon. Time passing wasn't really the big issue. Sebastian tore the metal away from his arm, the skin had molded onto the tag, leaving blackened pieces in the engraving. Sherlock wouldn't like that particular reminder John thought to himself as Sebastian stalked away, tossing the bracelet back onto his chest. There was more coming. He could tell that this was not yet over, Sebastian had an end game in sight and the only way he would let John out of here would be in multiple pieces. John looked up at himself in the mirrored ceiling and wondered if he had looked this disheveled when he'd been shot. Probably.
He had a retort ready when he spotted them - the numbers just barely visible under the doctor’s rolled sleeve at his forearm. He could only see four out of the six, but they were unmistakably there:
“I don't have friends,” was what he got in reply. The tone was resigned, almost regretful.
On the other hand, if Sherlock himself had been the one to insist on their separation, he was certain to have had an unimpeachable reason. After all, if John was so intriguing to him, and he really was utterly captivating, Sherlock couldn’t imagine anything but the direst of circumstances convincing him to delete the man from his head altogether.
It acted as a reminder maybe that no matter how much he hated him, Mycroft had always been there, and would be again and again. The one person he could genuinely depend on to have his best interests at heart. Didn't stop him from being a meddlesome, interfering, know-it-all berk of the highest order, and Sherlock would be damned if he was going to stop antagonising his older brother now, but this he would acknowledge, here in the safety of a small dark room with only his thoughts to occupy him.
"You always do."
When John had first told him that he and Sherlock were having a baby, Greg had been... skeptical. It wasn't that he didn't trust them (ok, it wasn't entirely because he didn't trust them) with a child, it was more that he didn't see how a baby, or a child of any age, would fit into the insane life that they had carved out for themselves. Babies needed stability, and routine, and to be fed, and changed, and remain unexposed to dangerous chemical experiments. He loved them both dearly, but it would be a lie to say that the initial idea had sat well with him.
Obviously the other man had left, his hooks on the coat and hat rack vacant. The note had settled him somewhat, but he required a physical presence to make any logical conclusion and had been standing at the window, waiting, draped in nighshirt and dressing gown,  ever since reading it.
Sherlock’s mind cleared, and he opened his eyes. He tilted his head to the left to take in John’s hesitant form, his hand still outstretched from where he had touched Sherlock's forehead.
The next afternoon John gathered the team together and Lestrade brought them across the back pitches to Lobelia. He'd already given them a speech about making a real effort being just as important as showing up, and all 14 guys had nodded along seriously. It might be a bit embarrassing but they would do anything for each other, especially if it meant keeping their friend's records relatively clean. Still, John couldn't help the frisson of excitement that he felt as the walked through the luxurious corridors to meet the woman waiting at a set of wooden double doors. "Christ mate I might have given dance a go if she was the one putting me through my paces." Danny muttered to the group as they got closer. She was beautiful, acres of pale skin and dark hair, blue eyes and a cracking body, but John personally got the feeling that she was hard to please and the look in her eyes made him feel like she'd tied him up, and that was how she liked it.
He’d have it tied up already if it wasn’t for John’s refusal to let him, and the limited mobility one experiences after being stabbed and half drowned. If he could have gotten up for longer than it took to go to the bathroom without feeling like he was going to burst a lung, Sherlock would have been in John’s business until he got answers, but that wasn’t happening.
, it was the butcher! Come along at once and we shall see if he is still to be found!" With that he was pulled to his feet and they were off, racing out of the alleyway past the sergeants stationed at the opening and off down the street to the butcher shop.
>Sub folder 38: Interaction (“ Use mine, it might take me a little while to get yours and you said urgent so. Here you go.”.....“I’ve got all night.”...”You asked for me, so here I am.”...You could… you could stay? I mean, I'd like it if you maybe stayed, or, or we could...”) -delete.
If the story seems a little too rushed to you, no worries, we're not planning to make it
"Now. John, as I mentioned before each of you will take part in our winter show, but I'm not so cruel as to leave you floundering up there by yourselves. No, you'll have partners from the Academy alongside you. The students have already chosen various pieces they would like to perform, but my ballet dancer has had some... issues playing with others and couldn't find a partner for a twist on swan lake he wanted to perform. Actually he wanted to take on all three roles himself but that was impossible. I think, John Watson, that you might become the answer to a lot of our problems." John gaped up at her. "M'am I don't know if I have the ability to do this" For some reason the smile she gave him was fond. " That is exactly why you're right for this partnership, Even now I can see what you feel in your face, the self doubt, it's emotion in its purest form, something my dancer has trouble displaying. He would be, will be ètoile to any company in the world, I guarantee, if he could just learn to dance with his heart on his sleeve and do it with a partner. You're going to teach him this John, I know it."
… I…” Speechlessness from Sherlock Holmes? Any man would be flattered, and John was no exception, clambering onto the bed on his knees and watching as Sherlock removed his drawers to expose himself fully, and what a sight he was.
Greg looked scandalized and genuinely upset and in that moment Holly was so happy that Mycroft had found someone who'd been raised without the Holmes values to protect any of their future offspring from this fate.
Boopledoo Avengers AU
Prompt 7:Dice
Sherlock was exhausted. The past three years of his life after death had been a whirlwind of travel and espionage, dark nights and hiding places. He had not been in London since that last day, but there were few places he hadn't been. Every continent had hosted his cold fury and brutal determination, case after case solved in a nonstop reel, until the only things left keeping him standing were the puzzle and John. He had a new name amongst the criminal underworld for a time, Angel of death they called him. He had managed not to kill anyone personally, but once they were in custody he was not responsible for what happened to them. All he did was find, incriminate, drug and drag to the authorities. No names, no face to face meetings, just a knock on the door and an unconscious person on the ground with a large file of evidence strapped to their chest. He had come to be grateful for his foresight as without the help of the homeless network worldwide he would have died, or relapsed long ago. Their kindness to him was greater than people would find anywhere else, and he would not be quick to forget that. He wandered down the Thames, glad that people were so utterly ordinary and unobservant for if they were not, they would have seen a corpse returned from the grave. Against his better judgement he had kept the curls, John had liked them and he could just about see, even now, his calloused hands running through them. With the ultimate defeat of Moran it was time to go home. He had one final stop to make before he could see John again, and he was not exactly looking forward to it, but then again he never had.
Climbing out of through car, John waved to Greg who looked a bit pissed off. "Kidnapped from work?" John asked sympathetically. "In front of three of my superiors to boot, I had no idea what was going on until about ten minutes ago when er.." he looked into the car at the woman sitting there, tapping away on her phone. "Anthea today I think" she chirped, not looking up but getting out and walking to the door. "right until Anthea handed me a tie and explained it. Thank God you're here at least, maybe we can survive this unscathed eh?" John laughed and Greg joined in, these were Holmes'. Not going to happen.
If you couldn't tell I rolled my eyes just there. What was it that you wanted Sherlock? -J
I take it there's an explanation? Or is suicide another phase of yours?" He instilled all the venom he could spare into his words, because for once in his life Mycroft was not going to pretend everything was ok. "Moriarty. 3 snipers trained on those closest to me: Lestrade, Mrs Hudson and John. It was my life or theirs, and he shot himself so I had no way of stopping their death but to jump. I saw most of it coming, and prepared accordingly. Some well positioned overhangs,homeless men on bikes, blood from myself distributed by more homeless. Even you know how to conceal a pulse. Molly Hooper simply opened the back door and let me leave. I travelled the world, taking down Moriarty's web one strand at a time and I finished just yesterday. Now I'm back." Mycroft sat down, poured himself a drink. "Do you have any concept of... And the Hooper girl of all people I mean... Humpf." Sherlock arched a brow, this was not like Mycroft at all, but he remained silent because there was definitely a point to all the ramblings.
"Are you awake?" Sherlock whispered through his chattering teeth from his place wrapped around John like a schoolbag.
Mycroft paused for breath, and Greg waited in silence, feeling fear creep up in his stomach as he realised where the story might be going. "In public, Sherlock was nothing. Less than nothing. Sebastian would physically recoil at the sight of him, call him a freak. Sherlock, for the life of him, could not figure out why he was doing that. He had no idea what a relationship was supposed to be like. He never questioned it which was ultimately his downfall"
The projection froze on the final image and Greg stood in front of it. "They say a picture is worth a thousand words, and I think this picture says it all. John, Sherlock, to a lifetime of happiness and surprises, of giggles at crime scene's and doing things your way, of two am calls to the emergency department and a cup of tea on the side of the road while we wait for your flat to be safe for people again, to sacrificing yourself for your friends and seeing to the heart of the problem, to being yourselves and finding love in the most unlikely of places, here's to you both." Sherlock raised his glass along with everyone else and was surprised to find himself feeling rather... touched by Greg's speech. Clearly the man had put a lot of work and time into it, and he had articulated himself rather well for once.
Greg smiled at the deluge of files he'd received as he scrolled through them on his laptop in a sitting room in the East wing of the manor. The idea he'd had for his speech had come together like nothing else he'd ever had to do, and he was just making a hard copy to be safe. Mycroft was seated at the desk with his phone in hand, texting away in rapid taps of long fingers and waiting only moments for replies. It had gotten dark quicker than he'd expected it would, he'd been so far out of it that his only indicator that it was late was the sudden noise of children being tucked into beds and serenaded by their parents, and then the commotion of Sherlock being dragged away from John and sent to his room which was a secret that none of them were allowed know the where abouts of to avoid any sneaking. Greg thought it was hilarious, his wife hadn't minded their being separated before the wedding at all, but here was John whispering reassurances and Sherlock being petulant over those same few hours. "I'll just go have a word with John, we should think about sleeping too My, you know, get that all important last batch of beauty sleep before the photos tomorrow." Mycroft made a noise "Thanks ever so for that reminder Gregory, I do not photograph well as it is, but I'm sure I'll look even worse being sat next to you." Greg laughed and pressed a kiss into his hair. "None of that now, I for one think you always look ravishing. Off to bed with you, I'll be in in a little while."
A/N Halfway!  I'm trying an AU (in which Sherlock is a guitar player and frontman of a band) teen!lock and song fic this time so that's new.
All mistakes made are our own!
when I see it. Trust me, as someone who had to endure the pain of not just one, but two, long-distance relationships in the span of her lifetime, I know what undisguised longing looks like on a person's face, and you, Doctor Watson, are practically radiating with it.”
(Or: 5 times John touched Sherlock and 1 time he managed to touch him back)
When he could once again form a coherent thought Sherlock managed to let out a strangled sentence. "Bedroom now" He was in the air in an instant, legs wrapped around John who's mouth returned to his as he carried him to his room. They fell on the bed and John was taking off his shoes and then his shirt and Sherlock followed suit until both were stripped bare. John was staring at Sherlock open mouthed, admiring the alabaster perfection that was his body. Sherlock had quite a view himself, he wondered how he never noticed that John still did his army workout. "Do you want to do this or..." Sherlock untangled that sentence in a few very confused seconds. John meant was he ok with what they were doing and going to do or did he want penetration. "This is perfect" John smiled and pressed back against him, licking all the way up his neck from collar bone to ear lobe.
“Pulse is still touch and go, oxygen not yet at full saturation-”
“Playing the perfectly polite gentleman this morning I see. Well the other son in the family is going out for a walk and you’re not welcome to join me.”
pick up. Which was why, laying in her private maternity room, with her contractions beginning to amp up in frequency, and listening to John's tinny voice apologize for not responding, citing case work or sleep or a certain detective stealing is phone for the fifth time, Mary wondered why she had ever thought the birth of their child would go any differently.
Sherlock opened his mouth to reply briskly, of course he was alright, what else would he be? But was forced to close it again when the words refused to come out. In his pause he could feel the concern building in his Dad, the confusion he was feeling evident on his face (he had made a promise long ago not to hide behind his masks here, and sometimes he tried to keep it.) So when he finally did answer, it was only a surprise to him to realise it.
Sherlock almost felt bad about having to take the hard line in his approach, he had intended to go for something a bit more delicate, but the headache that had been plaguing him all day was starting to really grate, and combined with his inability to solve this, the case of John Watson, he wasn’t exactly feeling up to trying to disseminate.
Sherlock sat with John's arm around him as the three of them went through the photos of the honeymoon and took a second to make sure that this moment was saved forever in his mind palace, in with the wedding and the honeymoon itself,  with his store of John, Mrs Hudson and now even some Lestrade Mucroft again, under the reference title Family. Yes, he had Mummy and the two sides of the extended biological family, but they didn't really count .  These five, and more immediately, these two people were the ones who truly felt like they were hi family. With another member on the way, everything would be different, for the better or not, Sherlock couldn't yet tell. At least, for today, this,  with John around him and Mrs Hudson not too far away,  was home, and he had missed it.
Sherlock cut him off with a snarl. “
"Ms. Adler I'm still not sure-" "And I am. Look at us both. Know when you are beaten John. Come on, I'll bring you to him." She was already striding away as she finished speaking and John had to hurry after her to keep up. The door she slid open led to a room much like the one they'd come from, but the light was substantially better and it contained a young man in ballet leggings and shirt that took John's breath away. He was tall and lean, but the obvious strength of his body as he stretched at the barre made him the ideal for a dancer and his pale skin and wild dark curls framed the most unexpectedly coloured eyes. "Sherlock Holmes, John Watson. John here is going to be your Prince." Slowly Sherlock turned around and surveyed John. He felt a bit naked under the scrutiny actually. "You can go Irene, he'll be the one running screaming if you need him." Sherlock drawled in a low baritone and Irene Adler quirked her lips into a smile, while John had the rather morbid thought that this Sherlock would probably try and make him scream if the look in his eye was anything to go by.
There was a soft cough from behind them and Sherlock growled. "What do you want this time Mycroft?" Mycroft smirked "Nothing brother, just thought I would properly introduce myself yo your soulmate Dr. Watson. Although I'm sure he remembers our first meeting." John looked between them, and shook his head. He should have known Sherlock would consider his brother to be his arch enemy. "Is that it?" Sherlock asked and Mycroft nodded, slinking away towards the crime scene. "Let's go home" John smiled, and they got a cab, hand in hand. Mycroft headed over to Greg as they walked off, giving him a quick peck before looking back at the two figures as they disappeared. "Their eyes match very well don't you think? Both just a little out of the ordinary. Like you and I." he smirked and Greg laughed. "Sherlock will hate that, love at first sight, a perfect match, so cliché." The thought had crossed Sherlock's mind, but he brushed it aside. It was John. Of course it was perfect.
He lay on the ground for another couple of minutes before trying, very slowly, to get up - an endeavour that his pounding head put paid to fairly quickly, leaving the detective slumped and panting against the tower of dairy products. A concussion. Wonderful. With no small effort, Sherlock scooted his way over to John, checking his pulse and breathing a sigh of relief at the steady beat and regular puffs of breath visible in the cold air. Hopefully he would wake sooner rather than later because as of that moment, wrapping himself around his husband's prone form, Sherlock had no idea what he was supposed to do next.
John strolled down the corridor as if he owned the place, a trick he had learned very early on in his friendship with Sherlock. If you act like you're supposed to be there, most people don't question it.
Season’s greetings were exchanged, food was passed around the makeshift dinner table, and there were plenty of faces stuffed with cream rolls and turkey that you’d be surprised no one had managed to collapse from overeating. Bearing in mind that they were all still pretty much on duty that night, they had all agreed on no alcohol to be involved in that night’s festivities. Thus, sparkling juice replaced wine in their glasses, and too soon, it was time for the presents to be unwrapped before they were all to return to their lives outside the staff lounge.
Surprisingly to all involved, it was Mycroft who replied to him with a melancholy smile. “Sometimes, the risk is worth the reward, wouldn't you think?”
Prompt 18: Ladder
"It's only creepy because you're whispering, talk normally and it's a fantasy coming to life." John shook his head and waved goodbye, very much aware of their eyes following him as he made for the trails back to camp.
When the lights had suddenly switched off in the middle of a fairly rapid getaway attempt, Sherlock had nearly leapt a metre at the arms that had shot out of the darkness and pulled him into an alcove, one finger placed cautiously over his lips. Once he had shown his understanding, John had slowly moved it away to rest with his other hand, which was to say that he wrapped it firmly around Sherlock's hips. In the dark, the distance between his back and John's chest seemed minute, buzzing like electrical currents ran in bridges between spine and sternum.
- to come home to, had left him depressed. He was lucky that St. Bart’s was still willing to take him in - on the basis that he was only allowed to undertake minor surgical operations due to the intermittent tremor in his left hand. Said tremor had mostly been absent since he met Sherlock Holmes.
“John noticed my apparent sleeplessness. Nothing more than a doctor’s concern for the wellbeing and recovery of his patient.”
Lying splayed out across the sheets, Sherlock was acres of pale skin broken only by a thicket of dark hair and the flush that was creeping down his neck, and his cock straining towards the sky, the same alluring shade of rose as his cheeks. “You beautiful creature. Just
It’s always been you, Sherlock Holmes.”
John lifted himself up until Sherlock could see his torso and rubbed his fingers across it, gathering what Sherlock had left behind. With a small grin he put his fingers in his mouth and sucked them clean. Sherlock's eyes were wide. He lay back down, teasing a hand through Sherlock's hair. They were both sticky with sweat and other things. John got up and strolled towards the ensuite, turning on the shower. He gave Sherlock the most innocent look he could muster when he popped his head out through the door. "You know what would make this shower much more fun?" Sherlock was already halfway across the room. He swept John into his arms. They could shower properly later.
With a gasp, Sherlock shuddered back into the present. Peeling his eyes open slowly, Sherlock felt like his normal self but could not help feeling a little bit more hollow inside, as if something was missing. Brushing it off, he reached for his phone, unlocking it to see he has two missed calls from his acquaintance down at Scotland Yard. Another call comes through at that very moment, to which Sherlock answered.
"Now, what type of table are you looking for? I have a couple that you might like" Edgar clomped deeper into the shop and the couple followed after him. "This will explain why someone so brilliant became a shop keeper." They were at the back wall before John realised, he had focused on the things he was passing rather than the destination. Persian rugs, Mahogany armoirs, jewel encrusted trinkets, chaise longues and a host of other intriguing items that had him feeling like he was walking through the cave from Aladdin. "Pine, from the 1930's, Fire retardant, admittedly the carvings are a bit on the morbid side, skulls and crows on the vines but I think it suits you. Plus all the detail is in the legs, so if the top gets scorched or melted again you can just replace that and keep the original legs." John was speechless, it was a perfect fit for them, practical and well built with a side of mystery and danger. "You're bloody brilliant Edgar! I can see why this job would be good for you." Edgar beamed and excused himself to call his grandson who worked with him as a truck driver who did the heavy lifting and delivered goods to all clients.
Murray laughed loudly "We all got leave at the same time and then suddenly I get a nice little invitation for the gang to come today, how could we say no? I knew he'd get one as well so we made a trip to his place the other night to see and sure enough he had. Sholto here was a bit iffy but I says to him I says free drinks and a good party were all that was on the menu if I knew you at all" The group cheered quietly although no one was paying them much mind. Bill leaned closer so only John and Sherlock could hear "You know after all that business with the crows and the gossip rags back here getting wind he's been getting a lot of trouble, thought someone's been following him too, the threats and the like have been worse ya know? Don't worry yourself about it anyway mate, today's about you and Holmes here." John grinned at his old friends and rolled his eyes. "Don't get too wrecked will you? I for one am hoping to avoid a second Christmas 2009." A meaningful look passed between the captain and his teammates and for one moment Sherlock would have thought they were almost sheepish. Just a moment though, then it was back to laughter and gentle ribbing as they walked away.
Relaxing into his chair, John gave in to his lethargy, willing his muscles to relax, and closed his eyes, visions of a brilliant smile and fond charcoal-grey eyes flashing behind his eyelids.
Sherlock squirmed almost imperceptibley in his seat for the tenth time. "Spit it out love, you're not getting cold feet are you?" John ventured, it would be better for Sherlock to back out now rather than later if he was going to. Sherlock frowned and gave John that oh so familiar 'you're an idiot, you know that right?' look. "No I don't have cold feet, but I do have an entire other set of relations that you're about to be thrust into head first and quite frankly they can be... overwhelming." A sigh of relief on the marriage front at least.
Two more steps and they were there, and Mummy was kissing his cheek and nestling his hand in John's before walking back to her seat, and all he could do was hold on tight to that hand and stare into John's face and wonder how the love and happiness there could possibly be for him. "You look unbelievable" John whispered as they turned to face the altar, erected so all would be beneath a pair of blossoming trees that had somehow grown into each other to form one. "Dearly beloved, we have gathered here today to witness the..."
He'd just finished up clearing his desk a bit when there was a sharp rap on the door that he'd gotten so familiar with he didn't even bother inviting them in he just hopped up and wrapped them in a hug. "How are you then…?" Lucia smirked "Holly this time Greg" he laughed "Festive." Ignoring the stares the two of them were getting, Greg held back the urge to skip along excitedly as they made their way out to the car that held Mycroft. Lucia had been busy, astoundingly so, the amount of work she had to do had meant she hadn't seen Greg at all since sending Mycroft home from Vienna. Even now she was tapping away at her blackberry, scheduling, checking the news, spying and hacking with ease. "Busy I take it then Hols?" Lucia laughed, a high tinkle that never failed to make Greg smile too. No matter what name she chose, Greg would abbreviate it, just to be contrary. "Quite. The more time he spends at home, the more time he doesn't spend on the phone with the government in Uzbekistan. Not that I begrudge him, anyone, that, just, piles the work up a bit more. It'll be fine again after the holidays, he always gets antsy for work during the holidays." Greg nodded along seriously. Mycroft was an important man, Sherlock hadn't been lying all those times he called him the British government, Secret Service and CIA on a freelance basis and his work was his life. No one else in the world could do what he does. The lift chimed and the pair stepped out talking of lighter things, and generally messing about as friends do. Stepping out into the open air was like a slap in the face. "Christ it's freezing!" Greg cursed and pushed forward through the snow to the idling car that awaited them. "Greg?" Lucia chirped. "Yeah Lu?" "Sherlock and John are in the car." He whipped round and to her credit he mused, she had the decency to look mildly ashamed that she'd kept that quiet until now. He loved both men obviously, but journey's with them were hellish enough when they were off to a crime scene, Which was why he was more than happy when the detective duo came along after him. Sighing, Greg tried to console himself with the knowledge that Mycroft was in there too. His eyes widened as the reality of that statement, Sherlock and Mycroft in a confined space, dawned on him. Dear God this was probably already a minefield. However, he wasn't made a DI for nothing, so Greg opened the side door of the 4x4 and his jaw nearly dropped at the sight of a sleeping Sherlock and a relaxed Mycroft. John grinned at him and gestured to the curly head in his lap. " Sleeping tabs" he whispered "he'll be out until we get there." "Dr Watson here endeavoured to make this trip a bearable one for us all." Mycroft added and pursed his lips in the way that Greg knew meant he was holding in a smile. Greg and Lucia clambered in and soon they were whizzing along the roads, somehow avoiding the worst of the traffic.
Resilience was one of John's more useful traits and thanks to it he was fully functional again after a few days in bed. At his check up the doctor had been totally baffled by the speed of it, his ribs were healed entirely, the holes sealed up and scarring nicely. Even the brand on his shoulder had become just that- a brand.
"..AND YOU ACTUALLY THOUGHT 'hmmmmm he can take them alone, I'm sure there are only a few men in there anyway so NO BACKUP REQUIRED'..." The miscalculation had been Mycroft's fault, a lack of solid intel and a very narrow time frame for the favour Sherlock owed him had forced his hand early, leaving room for mistakes.
The first thing Sherlock noticed, as he began to come to, was how cold he was despite the thick wool of his coat separating him from the... concrete? Groggily opening an eye, Sherlock tried to reconcile what he was seeing with what he understood of the known universe- either the suspect's home had been hidden somehow inside a cheese factory, or he had stumbled into an alternate universe, or, and the longer he stared up at the towering block of cheeses, the more he was swaying towards this one, he had been discovered during the small, technically undocumented search that he and John had been doing, and then been knocked out and stowed away in somewhere that was familiar to their suspect, Henry Long.
Sherlock locked eyes with the doctor once more, handing the phone back, trying to make sense of the grin on John’s face. He looked.. Relieved, somewhat, and the tension in his shoulders have eased off quite a bit. “You were invalided from the army. Gunshot wound to the shoulder that made you a liability.”
Sherlock sighed. “Yes, I've gathered that John is not quite as unbearable as the rest of mankind but there's no need to read too much into his behaviour. Now kindly refrain from bringing him up again unless there's something
Greg's face fell. John was one of his closest friends and by the formality of Mycroft's text, the situation was dire. He could not help but wonder what Sherlock would do if the worst really did happen. Then again, there are worse things than death. There wouldn't be video if John was being left alone. Sherlock would be forced to watch, he'd need to so he could crack the case but the cost... Greg had spent a lot of time thinking about how many ways John Watson had changed Sherlock for the better, after all he had never been this happy or kind-ish ever before. To lose one is to lose the other too. He would solve it, of course he would. He's bloody Sherlock Holmes, how could he not?
John checked on the stitches to ensure they didn't rip during the seizure and requested for broad spectrum antibiotics as soon as Sherlock's vitals had picked up. A collective sigh of relief echoed throughout the trauma room. The nurses then bustled about cleaning up and preparing to wheel the patient into the intensive care unit, during John took a moment to lay his hand on Sherlock's clammy one and whispered a few words out of earshot.
He has? And how? Clearly we haven't been having much luck on our own though...-G
Sherlock had barely finished getting dressed when the phone rang. It was Lestrade. "JOHN! We have a case!" Sherlock practically jumped out of his seat. John tried to calm him down but it was rather half hearted. The gleam of joy in Sherlock's eye was a welcome sight and it made his whole face light up. He became increasingly impatient as John began dressing at an average pace. Sherlock was raring to go. John felt that familiar burst of exhilaration as he clambered into a taxi outside baker street. Sherlock was not far behind him and much to John's surprise, rested his hand on John's thigh. John entwined their hands and pecked Sherlock on the cheek, enjoying the light pink colour his neck turned. Sherlock turned his head so they were face to face and smirked "No half measures John" and he pulled him in for a kiss. It was different this time around, more passionate, it was the type of kiss that eluded to something much more devious. Neither of them noticed the car pulling to a halt at the police tape until a couple of minutes had passed and there was a knock on through window. Sherlock pulled away, sighing dramatically. John rolled his eyes as they got out of the taxi.
Deep down he was fully aware that this was unrequited because Sherlock could never feel anything other than perhaps a sense of camaraderie for him. They were flatmates, friends maybe, partners in crime. Nowhere on the map of their friendship did 'Miraculous realisation of love and lust for you' appear. Except on one side of the map, it had. A staggering explosion that had taken over John's map, it was the milky way of his starchart: beautiful and unattainable, you can't help but stare at it, want to know every little thing about it and have every single star shine down on you because you mean something, and even the sky needs grounding sometimes. John was no astronaut. It was time to stop wishing that he was and be content with laying in the grass and looking at the clouds with Sarah, telling her all about the stars. He went to the bar with that in mind.
What was he meant to say now, 'I briefly suspected you were a murderer but its fine because you clearly aren't?' Not exactly conducive to getting to know this odd creature a bit better. "I make this town and anything interesting that happens in it my business. Something happens I must know about it, that's the nature of my work."
Against all odds, John was having a fairly good time. Yeah, he was working on Christmas day with next to no staff and patients few and far between, but those that did arrive were generally very apologetic about the burn/cut/idiocy that had brought them to A&E in the first place so he couldn't really complain.
"You cannot say such things and expect me to remain unaffected! The very idea is enough to make a man weak, let alone hearing the words come from your mouth." John chuckled, steering Sherlock towards his arm chair and sitting in it himself, all the while removing articles of clothing until Sherlock was silent and he was down to vest and trousers, belt being the last thing he dropped.
The detective jerked his head towards his friend. “Look. I caught you the perpetrators in the end, did I not? Did I not solve the case your
) pass in front of the cab.
If they had been anywhere else, John would have picked up the phone. Sherlock still might not have, but John definitely would.
Indeed. You enjoy it though- SH
She does worry so -SH
"Sherlock" John murmured and Sherlock choked under the weight of it, just one word and he was in pieces already "I know the risk you took in doing this, how it has hurt you already to get to this point, unable to contain it any longer, I cannot bear to think about for it hurts me to imagine you in the same pain that I have felt for years. If this, if
“OK? That's really all you have to say?”
He opened the door and a light breeze rolled across his face, the window was open. The window was open. It had not been open when he left, it had been opened from the outside. "John?" the apartment still smelled of John, but there was something more there, a tangy metallic taste that was common with anesthetic, cigarette smoke and a sickly sweet note of decaying fruit. Sherlock's heart was beating hard in his chest, pounding against his ribcage and threatening to beat the oxygen from his lungs. Someone had been in John's old room. Sherlock bounded up the stairs and almost fell to the floor when he reached the open door. Slowly but surely John had been moving his clothes and books into their room, leaving only his army gear behind. The wardrobe was empty. It was as if he was in a dream when he walked down the stairs again, his feet moving mechanically towards the bedroom where he'd left John less than a few hours ago. He had known before opening the door that the bed would be empty, the body that should have lain there gone, long since.
Mycroft fiddled absently with his cufflinks, then his pocket watch, and then the buttons on his waist coat before Lucia looked up from her phone. She had decided (much to Mycroft's embarrassment) that he needed an escort back to London to ensure he actually went. Lucia had a talent for stalling any meetings they were going to be late for, he'd never asked what she did to make it all ok with the leaders of the free world but he assumed it was just another one of the infinite ways she had become integral in his life (She flirted mercilessly with every single one, and they all flirted back. It shocked her at first when she received a reply from the queen but why not?) "Sir if you keep fidgeting I may be forced to give you a mild sedative." she chided, smirking at the latest message from the French president. "It will be fine, I'm sure Greg will understand." Mycroft sighed and looked out the window, watching as the familiar shores of England came into view "And what," he asked candidly, "will I do if he doesn't?" She gave him a half smile that he caught in the reflective surface. "We'll keep on fighting for him until he does sir, but I doubt it will come to that." Mycroft was not so certain of that. He'd acted in a way that was not befitting of a man of his station and treated Gregory horribly, all because he was afraid of getting hurt himself. The irony was not lost on him. "I hope you are right." he sighed and picked up his umbrella as they began to descend. Nervousness was clawing uncomfortably at his stomach, and with the genuine fear of rejection and resignation to the latter Mycroft was a veritable bag of heightened emotion, the majority of which he never felt in his everyday life and most certainly not to this extent. 'You stop wars and fight terrorists' he thought to himself 'this is a mere trifle compared to some of the things you have done'. But it wasn't, this was so much bigger than that, this was the only person he had loved outside of his family - which included Lucia, and perhaps his horses. Sentiment. "Oh Gregory what have you done to me?" he muttered softly and rose, disembarking straight into a black sedan. "Home please David, thank you."
Sherlock scowled back at him from the back seat and pulled out his phone, already finished listening to what his brother had to say. Mycroft sighed and began to close the door before pausing. “Oh, and Sherlock? Do try to avoid showing up high, it really does lower the tone of the afternoon.” With that parting jab he shut the door and Sherlock rolled away from the hospital, back into his life. If he looked back a little bit more frequently than he could justify, well, there was no one there to see it.
“Oh.” Sherlock’s dejection was palpable, and John wished he would just turn around and see the evidence staring him in the face.
John smiled down at him and held out a hand. "Well then Sherlock Holmes. Let's go" John grinned, his teeth a pearl white against the backdrop of tanned skin. Sherlock grasped the hand offered to him and struggled to get up, though not for long. Soon he was upright, albeit on one leg, with John's reassuringly steady hand resting on his lower back. Oddly enough he didn't find the touch repugnant, then again, he sniffed, it wasn't very often that he found himself in the company of someone who could stand him enough to stay longer than it took to either beat or berate him. John's head tilted to the side and Sherlock observed the only possible reason for having to think (well, in a broad sense) and groaned inwardly. Too far from the forest trail they were currently standing in to the road for him to hop there. Perhaps John would just leave him to his own devices now, he could still feel the raw tingle of the barest film of magic in himself, so he would heal faster than most of the mewling quims he had come across, five days at most.
Their guests began to filter out, First Angelo and Mrs Hudson, going down to her flat for tea and a recipe exchange (Sherlock had joked tipsily to John that recipes were not all they were going to exchange, John had slapped him lightly on the arm and prayed he meant phone numbers.), then Molly soon after them, after realising that it was already nearing one in the morning. Greg and Mycroft were talking amiably in the corner and only looked up when John shut the door behind Molly. Mycroft pulled out his pocket watch and sighed "I had best be off, Mummy will be expecting your call tomorrow Sherlock if you are still not attending dinner." Greg put his glass down and looked at his own watch, making it very difficult for John to avoid smirking. "I should go too, crime stops for no holiday" he joked and Mycroft smiled to himself. "We'll walk you out" Sherlock offered and took John's hand as they lead the other men down the steps. When they reached the door Sherlock made to open it but John wheeled him around and claimed his mouth, it was the only word for it. He rolled his tongue against Sherlock's own and held his face gently in his hands. When he broke away Sherlock truly was breathless. Blinking somewhat he allowed John to pull him to the side and open the door for the two flushed men behind them. Sherlock looked up "Ah." he exclaimed breathlessly "Mistletoe."
Dan sighed and wiped his forehead next to him, a questioning look in his eyes. John knew that look. “Go on.” he huffed good naturedly “take a minute, grab a coffee. I'll let the family know what's going on.”
"I don't mind. Can I do something quickly, it won't hurt or anything like that just, with your permission this time..." John placed two fingers under his chin and tilted his face to look at him, brushing a curl away from his forehead and smiling into his eyes. "Can I kiss you?" Sherlock looked confused but gave a quiet ok and John took his face in both hands and kissed him again, watching as his eyes slid closed and actually feeling tension leave his body beneath the tender ministrations. Perfectly poised for the dance. John broke away, reaching with one hand to replay the music.
, Sherlock recalls from the name tag on his coat - react to Sherlock’s apparent memory lapse? From what little he understands of human nature, it is that in situations like this, the party involved would most likely encounter a sense of disappointment. Not that Sherlock was at all unfamiliar with someone being rather disappointed by him, but usually it took a little while longer, and a bit more effort than him simply waking up.
. There was a replica of this box inside his mind palace of course, - and he had filled it with more objects of significance to him in there -but the physical act of opening it, smelling that familiar scent, they calmed him, soothed the raw edges of him like almost nothing else.
The first quiver of Sherlock’s lip as the word left his mouth was joined by watery eyes in what seemed like an instant.
After the hubbub died down and the invisible man was definitely in a police station John couldn't help laughing. "What?" Sherlock asked with eyebrows raised. " Nothing, nothing. Our life is utterly bizarre is all." Sherlock laughed along with him and led the way back into the reception where the tables had been pushed to the sides of the room, the light of the setting sun flooded in, and Mycroft and Aurora sat at their instruments. Just for one song of course, after that there was a sound system and Sherlock had been assured the music was perfect for the occasion. "One last surprise John. May I have this dance?" Sherlock held out a hand and John took it with a confused smile as they strode into the centre of the room.
By the time he'd bitten these words out, their ferocity tearing the air around them , ripping brutally from his throat, John felt him rather than saw him slacken, the fight apparently gone out of him. It made John want to throw up.
Strange, isn't it? How the mind is almost constantly at work without us ever realising? I for one do not recall saving the fifty seven various inflections you use when saying my name and their various meanings, nor do I remember inventing a subsequent twelve for how you might say my name if we were to allow what was growing between us to consummate, or was it just me staring at your mouth for hours on end, wondering if it could possibly be a soft as it looked. You have a habit of licking your lips, did you know? I doubt it for if you did you would surely stop and that would be a crime, I could never tear my eyes away from that tiny flicker of tongue pulling across your lips. A very welcome distraction. Some nights, after a very hard chase or a quiet dinner at Angelo's, there would be a moment, a pause so pregnant that even the slightest of movements would break the spell but in those moments, staring at each other in the dark, I could truly believe that you wanted me, in every possible sense of the word. If that is the case then I hope that some day you will forgive me for this, for leaving you so coldly.
to moan and whinge about how bored they were even if they were thoroughly enjoying themselves. It was tradition - first Mycroft would complain about the hours dragging on, then Sherlock would bemoan the lack of murders, Mycroft would threaten to murder
John rubbed his eyes and yawned in front of the window as he dressed, staring at the impressive ice structures that had apparently been erected while they were sleeping. Sherlock's long arms snaked around him from behind and he grinned up at him, swaying on the spot. "I didn't deduce what you got me" he murmured into soft blonde hair. He really hadn't. After the Molly fiasco when they had first become flatmates...well he had decided perhaps gifts weren't an area he should look into. Not that it stopped him being curious, anytime John got him anything the urge to know what it was overwhelmed him. A few times he'd broken down and deduced it but he always felt guilty because John could tell when he wasn't surprised and he didn't want to hurt his feelings so. No gift deducing. "I know, and I'm very proud." John chirped before unfurling himself from the embrace. "Get dressed you muppet or we'll be last in for dinner." Sherlock groaned. "I ate breakfast as a gift to you but I am not becoming a bottomless cavern for food like my brother. I'm not hungry." "Neither am I, let's have dinner." John said softly, remembering Irene again and her slew of texts that went unanswered with a sort of fondness that only hindsight allows. "You're lucky I'm so fond of you." Sherlock grumbled as he tucked his shirt, a dark burgundy, into his trousers and stepped towards the door with an affectionate eye roll. John finished tying his shoes and pecked Sherlock's cheek as he passed, picking up the bag containing their gifts as he did so.
