“Yes, Sir!” Using her phone she quickly sent a message to the cab company that works with them to get there as quickly as possible. “It’s done, and now?”
"Not abusing in vain, Stamford, but for science!" The man replies with a sincere smile. "Last week, I was able to exonerate a man because of an analysis of a post-mortem wound --"
"I've been honest I think... Don't underestimate his appeal! And without a picture... can you imagine if I had put up pictures! But he'll never know about those messages, the account was opened with a new Gmail address that I've created." She quickly motions in direction of the screen, "Go on! Read!"
2019/01/31: It's going to be a bit longer, sorry! But don't worry, I'm going to go back to Sherlock's mayhems and sexy lecturer in few days!
Reply by Anonymous: I am not at all a poet, too rational and scientifically minded for that, but you're right, it's peaceful to think that even within the total darkness, light can come thru to show us the way.
He already knows, following his few encounters with the disagreeable man, that he was as pompous as his professor but with an edge of viciousness.
“Shut up Mike,” John chuckles, admitting for a small moment that he is lost to the lanky git in his arms, “help me to get him to a surgery.”
"It's YOUR fault, Molly Hopper!" Sherlock shouts as he barges into the pathologist's office the following afternoon. "I've wasted too many hours, a few hundred pounds and... my dignity!" Dropping his bag loudly on the floor he sits in the chair in front of her desk. It was a bit before lunch as Sherlock, after a restless night in his hotel room, took the first ferry from the island on December 29th before jumping on the train.
on his behalf... It's just that the emails from my previous intervention are now sent to my account."
Don’t worry, he’s out of the hospital and not alone at the moment at peak peevishness I assure you. He’s going to rest for the day than should be able to go to class tomorrow.
As his boss was looking a bit lost - an unusual occurrence but generally linked to Sherlock's actions - Simpson took charge. "Maxwell, watch the security footage from 15 minutes ago and keep an eye on the door in case it's a ruse." Turning towards Holmes he asks politely, "I'll check the house to be sure, Sir?"
But the doctor was unable to talk anymore as his friend's tongue starts licking and swirling around his hole. Nearly losing it at the thought that
His lanky arms wrapped around his knees solidly, as if he was tying himself down, unable to trust his own body, his own mind.
"What is it? I understand a great deal you know, even if I'm old..." She laughs, shaking her head with a hint of nostalgia in her eyes. "The things I've seen..."
“Yes,” satisfied that William’s attention was now completely back on him, John waits a few seconds before he continues, “we... talked.”
John, unable to stop himself, turns to look at the building and quickly spots the camera, which turns slowly to point in his direction.
“Your LAIR,” John laughed merrily as he closed the distance Sherlock put between them, “who are you, Dracula?”
Taking a doughnut from the snacks table, he shrugs his shoulder, “Sure, it’s a sad story, but he is still a freak,” before leaving to get back to his lab.
“Sorry, really!” Shame was reddening her cheeks, “do we need to send a team boss?” She turns to look at the screen where Sherlock was effectively defending himself and wasn’t looking too much in trouble then went back to look at Lestrade.
The rescue was executed brilliantly, exactly as planned. His role as a general, allied to their cause, easily opened the door to the cell. The vicious warlord was anxious to please and eager to get rid of the prisoner.
Knowing that it was useless to try to tamp Angelo’s enthusiasm, he closes his eyes trying to refocus on his work.
Rolling his eyes at his brother’s actions, a shiver of shame rushes down Sherlock's spine. “Don’t tell me he kidnapped you?” As John remains silent, with only a ghost of a smile on his lips, the young man grabs his phone.  A moment later he places it on the table with an air of smugness.
"Yes, I had prepared a big speech, but I think she deserves to hear it too, so I'm going to wait until after our late dinner!" He smiles, content for the first time in a while.
Sherlock, already on the edge because of the sleepless night he had, viewing and reviewing all the surveillance camera of the building without being able to get a good view of the two men who left the lab yesterday, isn’t cheered by the idea of getting a full 3 hours with Holt. The fact that he watched for the criminals for approximately one hour (he quickly realizes that it wasn’t able to get a good image) and the rest of the night going over the few minutes of footage where Doctor Watson was didn’t helped.
He has been bluntly honest when he had talked with Stamford... he didn't see how a flatshare could work! The idea of having someone else in HIS things, in HIS peripheral vision... ALL. THE. TIME. The mere idea was insufferable!
“What's it feel like?” John repeats, as they stroll down Diagon Alley towards the Leaky. “I’ve never had to think about it before.”
John takes Sherlock to the dodgy bowling alley he remembers visiting eons ago with Harry and Irene the first time they traveled through L.A. It’s not the most romantic atmosphere, but John has fond memories here, and they’re less likely to get paparazzi crawling all over them.
Sherlock wondered about Mary. Sitting in a rehearsal, he watched Mary heroically attempt to act against the untalented Clod. She was quite talented. If she wished, she could easily pursue a career in theatre, or at the very least become an undercover spy for Mycroft. She was an exceptional actress, but beyond that…? Sherlock did not think he was being unkind when he decided that she was
It’s a nice image. John is center, arms crossed over a white tee, dark stare gazing at the camera. On either side, Irene and Sherlock are in profile: Sherlock gripping his bicep and Irene whispering something in his ear. The three of them were shot in black and white while the words
John tucks a loose strand of hair behind his ear, and licks his lips. “Er. I only work weekends, at the shop. Maybe next Saturday you can tell me about another one of your cases?”
“It’s not just that. John has started to look at me a bit…differently, as well. Like he…wants me? Um. In his bed?”
Irene’s eyes brightened instantly. “Yes! The dare! Hang on a mo’,” she said as she began digging in her purse. She found her prize and began squinting down into the blue light of her phone, pulling up an application.
When Sherlock starts awake, it’s dusk outside, and he can hear Mummy’s voice in the kitchen. Silently, he steps to the doorway, kneading at a crick in his neck as he peers around the corner. His dad is there, sitting at the head of the kitchen table with a pair of crutches propped up next to him. At first inspection, he looks exhausted but otherwise healthy, only a pair of butterfly bandages obscuring the scrape on his forehead.
The song as a whole is stunning, a power-ballad for the marginalized, for the misunderstood, for the afraid. And there’s John Watson, looking shy and uncomfortable, like this isn’t the most courageous thing Sherlock could imagine anybody in John’s position doing.
innuendo when he’d read this play in Year 10. What had they been thinking, assigning a play like this? John wished he could look away as he felt his face heat up, but his job depended on close scrutiny of his subject, and Greg was going to call his cue any moment now.
Sherlock is watching appreciatively as John takes his jacket off and proceeds to dominate at “Faceketball” when his dad finally says something.
“Can I tell you a secret?” Annie whispers to John, loud enough that Sherlock can still hear, and John nods. The girl takes a big breath. “You know how you like boys sometimes? Like,
straight at John, John takes another step back in surprise. The sharpness there sparkles, and John is overcome. His mouth waters a little bit, and he swallows noisily.
“Of course! You can always tell a good Chinese by the lower third of the door handle. And there’s always Angelo’s.”
“Well. You know Victor, always trying to prove he’s better than me. Not that he succeeded.” John winks into the camera and the audience cheers. “But in all seriousness, coming out is a hard decision to make, whether or not you’re famous. I think both of us just decided we may as well make it fun, too.”
“Sherlock!” John gasps as he feels a leg slide between his own. His cock twitches, already halfway to hard. “Do you remember,” John gulps, as Sherlock licks at the exposed collarbone at the opening of his robes, “last time we were here.”
“John, stop. You should know I’m only teasing,” Mary said. “And I promise I’m not going to make you audition for the play.”
They have laughed and bickered and snogged and talked and bantered and held hands as they chased criminals down dark alleys.
I sound like a lunatic! Of course you’re not from the past, time travel isn’t possible, and you haven’t shown any other signs that would indicate delusion or mental illness. What on Earth was I
“What?” John asked, turning around to look. He winced at the movement, still feeling sore from yesterday’s ‘family discussion,’ as his dad had put it. Jeff Hope walked past, slouched and aloof as ever, his prematurely-balding head tucked deep into a hoodie. When he reached the other end of the corridor and left, John turned back to Sherlock. “Something about that guy creeps me out.”
“I was wondering...The tour is over after New Year’s Day. So, I…wanted to ask. What your plans are? Next year?”
It’s not exactly rare, for him to see his parents like this. They’re very affectionate with each other, and ridiculously in love, even after decades bickering together and the various trials of raising two genius sons. But just this moment, Sherlock feels like he’s intruding.
Molly cleared her throat, “You’ll be changing Sherlock’s microphone of course, but the procedure is basically the same. First things first, you’ll need one of these,” she said, and pulled an
.” Sherlock continues to ignore ‘Greg,’ hoping that one of the children will interrupt for help. Considering the largely catastrophic paper lanterns littering the workspace, it seems likely.
is still at the top of the charts. Plus, if you do decide to take advantage of your newfound notoriety, you’re in a position at the moment of being able to seduce literally any queer person under 40 who’s single or non-monogamous.”
There is Irene, speaking intently to John, heads bent towards each other, John’s brow furrowed and forehead crinkled in confusion.
“I have no clue what you're waiting for. We’ve been on tour for six weeks and you haven’t made a move.”
They bowl, eat bad pizza, drink mediocre beer, and have a terrific time. John flirts shamelessly and unselfconsciously to find out just how red Sherlock can get. Call it retribution for making him watch that awful Conan video.
him pay attention. I was so heartbroken. It doesn’t make any sense, but I haven’t seriously dated any blokes since then. I wasn’t sure I would ever want to again.”
“Nobody cares about those buffoons. You’re the real royalty on campus this semester. I know, Irene forwarded me an article in the school paper that said so.” Irene had enrolled in Oxford the moment she heard that John was disappearing on her for the Spring. Apparently Oxford's standards were falling these days. All you had to do was be an international popstar, or seduce a recruiter, and they let you in.
They sit beside each other, watching in amusement as John is declared the winner and does a lap through the audience, the miniature basketball backboard still attached to his head.
Eventually the sun goes all the way down, the fire is built, and Sherlock sits with John’s arm around him. Mike brings around soup and croque monsieurs fresh from the kitchens. (“It’s grilled cheese, Sher.”)(“Don’t be a plebian, John”). Sherlock makes sure to glare at Irene instead of giving her a grateful look. He’s pretty sure she understands anyway.
“Enough chatter!” Hope shouted, deranged and hysterical. John shoved Sherlock heavily to the side, something in him instinctively understanding what was about to happen.
“Call me a romantic sap, but I want our first time to be special. And I don’t want to be hiding from you, when we do.”
During a rugby match seems only fitting. He singles out Sherlock in the stands when he makes the game-winning point on the pitch, winks, and dumps his water bottle over his face and neck, then shakes it off like a wet dog. He looks back up to grin at Sherlock, only to find him missing. The game soon over, John grabs his bag, pulls on his jacket and begs off, thinking that Sherlock must’ve been headed for the parking lot. Without Sherlock’s gaze on him, John feels the chill of the air on his still-damp skin.
die, although Sherlock rejected that thought immediately as a surge of nausea crashed through him. Sherlock feared what would become of him without John. In little more than two months, the boy had burrowed his way deep into Sherlock’s heart.
.’ It’ll have to be a ballad. Lyrics are too sentimental to be anything else. In fact, they look downright cheesy.”
Molly and Irene have obviously spoken to James without him about all this, because soon they are shooting him twin pitying looks.
,” Sherlock tells him with relish. “It’s where I document my cases and experiments. I’m writing down the diamond smuggling case.” He goes back to typing.
But how can John ignore the thrill that went through him when his eyes locked on Sherlock? It was like a flame licking down his spine. Like a spark of magic flashing behind his eyes. Doesn’t that have to mean something?
John sits up. “Things not going well with Riya and Aiden?” he asks, referring to the couple downstairs that Bill has been fooling around with.
“Your hair looks fabulous, John. Sherlock won’t be able to take his eyes off of you. Now come here, which do you like better?” She holds out a striped red jumper in one hand, and a denim button-down shirt in the other.
John absently orders one of his regular choices from the spotty wizard behind the counter at St Mungo’s canteen. He knows the menu by heart from frequent late-night meals and mid-afternoon snacks during his long shifts in the ward. At the register, he verifies his wand for a staff discount and passes a few sickles across the counter to pay, his food appearing instantly on an empty tray.
John groans, pulling out his money sack and flourishing it in front of Sherlock. “We counted how much I have. Twice. Nine Galleons, eleven Sickles, and three Knuts. That’s worth at least a week of meals, Merlin help me, but only
“You call this a risk?” screeched Hope. John pulled himself to his feet and watched the gun shake as it zeroed in on Sherlock’s voice. “You don’t get it, do you? I
“Bill and I watch trash telly when you aren’t around to judge us,” John tells Irene. “Did you know that the acquisition of the mobile phone number is essential to the modern Muggle romance?”
John sings the final words to him, “My Mad Prince and I – I want you for happily, and for ever, and for after,” and Sherlock can’t help but lean down for a long, firm, kiss.
His dad chuckles. “I understand, son. I’ll fetch Molly for you. Promise to call your mother later this week and I won’t let it slip that it’s you on the line. She
He craned his neck, looking for a call button, frantic for someone to explain exactly what was going on, but the room was dark, only dimly illuminated by the machines surrounding his cot. There was no one nearby, and judging by the dim lighting, John supposed it was the middle of the night.
“You have to put the wire through the back of my shirt,” Sherlock said. Normally he wouldn’t be this helpful, but waters were treacherous. He didn’t want to offend John any more.
John is sighing over his pitiful list when his phone rings, Sherlock’s name flashing on the screen. Taking a deep breath to gather his courage, John answers.
“There!” Sherlock shouts triumphantly, turning the computer around to face John. The brightly lit image on the computer shows a headline, “
“I thought. And. I want you in my life. Every day. For a long time. I wrote a whole stupid lovesick song about how I’d follow you anywhere, for Christ’s sake. So just let me know if this is too much too soon, but I thought maybe I could…sort of… follow you to Oxford? If you’d let me?”
“My mother was too busy with her work to garden, and my father only ever bothered to clip the grass when it grew too tall to be tenable. But… there were always wildflowers outside the house. And the bees liked yellow daisies the best. As I liked bees the best, I liked the daisies best. I would sit by the daisy patch for hours and watch them pollinate. I used to-“ Sherlock stops abruptly and looks at John suspiciously. “You won’t laugh?”
John didn’t blame the audience for loving Mary. She was mind-blowingly intense up there, completely believable and sincere. It was twice as impressive considering she was talking to Anderson.
Holmes grabs a bottle of water and unscrews the cap, while John admires the line of his throat as he takes a few gulps. Just as Holmes approaches the front of the bleachers, he directs his eyes deliberately towards the pair of them, leans his head back, and pours the remains of the water all over himself.
“Wrong,” Sherlock interrupts. “I deduced that from your posture and the U.K. Forces patch on your bag. That you wanted to work in a specialized field was obvious from what Stamford told me about you. Not struggling with chemistry but still requesting a tutor? You must intend to go into a field that requires extensive knowledge of the sciences or you wouldn’t bother. Intelligence is possible but doctor is more likely.”
“Your dog’s name is John?” the woman asks, amused. Bill seems a bit flustered in response, so John feels quite pleased with himself. He looks over to Mike to see if he’s noticed too, and sees Mike’s hand in the air, waving someone down. John follows his gaze and catches sight of Irene and Sherlock entering the park. John perks up.
. A boy that bright should not have to endure that. At any rate, I was simply returning a favor. He protected someone I love, and in return I protected him.”
“That was before I got roped into doing the Led Zeppelin wig-thing, and woke up two days later with a million Twitter followers.”
Mike and Irene turn twin looks of pitying disbelief upon Bill, and John finally feels vindicated about his Muggle Studies N.E.W.T. He knows all about electricity. It’s what Mike’s telly runs on.
“This freak is trying to tell me how to do my job, Watson, nothing new.” Sally answered, scowling at Sherlock.
waltz in here with your goofy smile and rugby shorts and lack of respect for theatre traditions and everyone loves you! It’s completely outrageous! If
Most methods of magical transportation are either too uncomfortable or too conspicuous for Muggle London. Since Diagon is only a few streets away from his flat, John suggests they walk. He decides against disillusioning both of them, considering he’s seen stranger outfits on London streets before.
Pearce was stumbling backwards out of the alley clutching his bleeding face and shouting obscenities, when the constables Sherlock had mentioned appeared at a jog. In a moment, Pearce was in handcuffs, and a constable was asking Sherlock and John questions.
search Sherlock’s face. He doesn’t know whether or not he wants John to find what he’s looking for there.
gotten in on merit. Besides, that campus is full of genuine idiots whose rich parents bought their admittance. They’ll be lucky to have you.”
He looks over his name tag and grimaces when he sees the Year 13 photograph they’ve had printed. At fifteen, his face was covered in acne, his limp, greasy hair had nearly fallen into his eyes, and although he hadn’t smiled for the photograph, the bulge of braces behind his lips is obvious.
Hey Harry, this bloke I really like kissing is a Muggle and I want to go out with him and kiss him forever probably but I’m pants at Muggle stuff. Do you know if they’ll send me to Azkaban for telling him that I can make magical lights shoot out of a stick?
“Sorry, mate. I know you probably don’t want to spend your free periods with me, but I could really use a tutor in chem, and you’re the best in our year. Stamford mentioned you had this period free, so…” John trails off, obviously looking for some kind of reassurance.
Once even teams of twenty were selected, John had his team huddle up on their side of the main lawn to discuss strategy.
But John loves Sherlock. (The love also hurts, but in a good way. Like sore muscles after a long, satisfying practice. An ache to remind him that he’s alive, and human).
were routinely exposed to alcohol in Year 13, then the odds are astronomically in favor of his alcoholism continuing to be a problem. As for the money problems, that follows logically. Your parents couldn’t afford a new book for you, even though that one’s an outdated edition that has seen better days.”
“Stop moping about the bar and go dance with him!” Irene rudely interrupted his daydreams with a (pointy) elbow to the rib cage (between right false ribs 8 and 9). Sherlock scowled into his martini, grumbling.
. Sherlock saw himself in much of Mercutio’s character. Just as Mercutio’s quick, witty comments were the ‘children of an idle brain,’ Sherlock’s deductions were the product of his boredom.
John’s grin is huge. He can feel his eyes go a little soft as he imagines Sherlock as a young boy, big-eyed and chubby-cheeked, and yellow flowers woven through his wild hair.
“What! Mycroft, you should have let me-” Sherlock began heatedly, even as he realized that this must be the reason for the police officer outside John’s room.
“What!” John yelped. The heart monitor next to his bed alerted Greg to his rising pulse rate. Damned machine.
those demonic little buggers?” Sherlock burst out laughing at John’s expression. Retaliating, John swatted at him until his chuckles quieted. “But seriously, you do? I have to work with all ages as the Recreation counselor, and it’s by far hardest to keep order with the little ones.”
Sherlock makes a frustrated noise. “I’m not stupid, I knew all those things you were doing were classic John Watson seduction techniques-“
“Go?” John asks curiously even as he does as Sherlock says and follows him into the sitting room. Sherlock leads him in backwards so that he can see John’s reaction to the space.
“I can’t read much on him. To be truthful, it’s a bit disconcerting. I know he has a terminally ill sister and that he’s being treated for schizophrenia based on the medications I found in his locker.”
. The rest of the month leading up to its release, he spends avoiding Molly at all costs. Sherlock is certain that if Molly manages to corner him somewhere private, he will break his contract and tell her every little detail.
’ John had dated around to satisfy him, but it hadn’t been enough. John still felt terrible about leading those girls on, but at the time he hadn’t seen another option. For three months, John had been worn-out, emotionally drained, and
There'll be more of John's POV in the next chapter for those of you out there who are fans. Hoping to get this story finished before the fourth series airs.
Onstage, John nods along with the song. Phones sway side to side in the audience like lighters. John lets a small, nostalgic smile slip through the mask of pain.
John tried the spin with little success in his rubber-soled shoes. Toeing them off, he began again. He looked at Sherlock and began to spin. “Eyes on me, John. Pretend as if there were a magnetic connection between our eyes.”
and the words kept coming. “Besides. The younger ones don’t yet understand that I am…unusual. They see me as someone who knows how to tie their shoelaces, who will carry their pack when it gets too heavy, who will…dry their tears when they miss their mums. To them I’m not the loner with no friends, the
. Sherlock knows how awkward John gets over the thought of his fictional online identity. He loves his followers, of course, but they’re just so…
Molly and Greg exchange a dubious look at this proclamation, but luckily little Anthea (darling, precious Anthea) beckons “Mr. Greg!” to the children’s crafts area, and Sherlock is left to face Molly’s smug-yet-pitying look. “Whatever you decide to do, it better be quick. Mid-Summer Campfire is the night after tomorrow. And you know what happens if you don’t make your move by then…”
She introduced herself as Sarah Sawyer, then introduced the others: Stan Hopkins, who John vaguely knew from Maths and a quiet girl dressed all in black named Billie Wiggins.
” Irene gapes, snatching the paper from his hand. “You’ve been working here an hour and you’ve already got her number? I’ve been hitting on Tess for
“John.” John feels something pushing at his shoulders. “Jo-ooohnnn” a deep voice sing-songs. “Wake uuu-uuuup.”
When he finally makes it to John’s building, he is laden with steaming bags of the best Italian food that Oxford has to offer. It’s no Angelo’s, but it will just have to do. The man at the security desk hands Sherlock an envelope with a key in it when he manages to shuffle the bags enough to extract his identification. When he lets himself into John’s flat, Sherlock is bewildered by the sight that greets him.
Opening his eyes slowly, Sherlock murmurs softly as if he wasn’t already awake. “Mycroft, is it you?” As his older brother raises an eyebrow, he chuckles. “Worth a try, sorry!” Mycroft pours a glass of water from a carafe and hands it to his younger brother with a plastic straw in it. “Thank you, do you have news about the man that was there? The third? Do you have his name or anything?”
His leg completely forgotten as he flies in direction of the man he loves. The man he wants to be loved by. He knows deep down inside that the man’s lies hurt only his pride. That he resented him for the sleepless nights when he was feeling guilty about lusting after one of his students...
“I told him that if he talked to the cops, I was going to flunk him. I knew that if he failed he was going to lose his grant and his reputation.” Appleton looks away, suddenly ashamed, “never thought that we was going to kill himself! I didn’t kill him!”
“What?” Closing his vest tighter, John objects, in a voice he doesn’t recognise. “I don’t know what you are talking about.”
Laughing heartily while looking at his phone, Greg thought about Mycroft eating popcorn in his beautiful suit.
"Doctor Watson, I am sorry for the part I had in my brother's ... disappearance... but... for now I just want to say that I am so, so sorry."
With a last look at her preoccupied friend, still looking intently into the microscope with a happy but predatory smile, she shrugs her shoulders before reminding him. “I will be there at 1 PM, be ready this time!”
Without a word, the frowning DI pushes a lilac card emblazed with intricate initials as well as flying birds.  With mortification, Mycroft opens the document slowly, knowing perfectly well what he was holding.
It was at the beginning of the fourth chapter, the evening was in fact really relaxing as he only had two patients that he was able to deal with by phone, when his computer pinged at him. Curious, he wasn't expecting to chat with Harry - they did it the afternoon - he drops his book on the coffee table and opens his old PC. Unable to restrain his surprise, he laughs an astonished "What?" as a little flag appears on his blog page.
was rimming him, John jolts a bit, trying to calm the tension that was building between him and the mattress...
The idea that this was it, that with this one vow he's going to swear to stop thinking about anyone else... That he must only be devoted to Mary and the family that may follow.
Their fate was sealed as DI Lestrade barges into the room with a tale of serial suicides that evolved into a case involving a pink suitcase and an awful lot of running and by the end of the night, John killing a man to protect the mad detective from his own boredom.
Laughing, her wedding date smiles benevolently, like he was talking to a child. “Don’t worry. darling, your friend does not scare me.” Turning quickly, he winks at Sherlock. “You’re the great Sherlock Holmes after all! I’ve read about you in the paper... and of course Molly can’t stop talking about you. Sherlock this, Sherlock that... As if her job wasn’t already creepy, you add a hefty dose of creepiness with your experiments.” He chuckles, placing a heavy hand on Molly’s knees.
As Sherlock barges back into his bedroom to pick out his clothes, John grumbles while walking to the sanctuary of the bathroom. “The corpse won’t go anywhere...”
John looks away in the direction of the DI and Sherlock. He is about to smile at the large gestures and the vivacity of the explanations the young man is giving.
“Yes, but Molly is right...” Greg adds, his eyes on his friend “the way you are saying it has changed in the last years.” Placing an unsteady hand on the detective's shoulder, he smirks “Did you get lucky at Mike’s wedding, like me, you quiet bastard?”
Sherlock is still inconspicuously checking on the small corner table where Bidget and the poor idiot he enrols in his gang wait for their contact when, finally! The door opens to let in a man who carries an aura of danger and authority.
He missed Ms. Hudson, his chair, the way his violin echoes in the living room, the noises from the street. He missed John most of all but wasn't able to even think about him right now.
"You know what, love?" Not realizing the second usage of the term of endearment, Sherlock cocks his head in curiosity, a small burst of hope flutters in his heart. "I had a realization of my own when I was at the altar... That the person that was with me wasn't the love of my life."
"Yes, of course!" Removing his coat he sits near the pathologist. "This is going to be fun! But we must be as honest as possible! We don't want the man to be disappointed when he talks to Sherlock the first time! And maybe after, as we are going to be experts after this, we are going to find someone for each other." They both laugh, maybe a bit sadly perhaps, before they start exchanging ideas.
“What is it?” The doctor asked anxiously, before realizing that he was using his bandaged hand, “sweet, love, darling, don’t worry... I am not afraid of you. You did not do that, it was that psycho.”
“Sherlock...” Mycroft gingerly moves a hand over his brother’s, unsure of the reaction. Breathing better when he didn’t push him away, he continues, “you can’t help all the kids in the street, all the lost souls, all the young adults who just don’t know what to do to fit in!” They stay silent for a bit, both thinking about Sherlock’s past, but not for the same reason.
He knew that his desire to stay at King’s was definitely linked to a beautiful tall young man, but he couldn’t think about that for now.
Nothing happens for a while, Watson looks as if he is waiting for something or someone... The blond man is sitting casually, nursing a fresh coffee and playing with his phone.  But to Sherlock’s expert eyes, it is obvious that he was on the lookout for someone.
He mumbles as he jerks away before she ruffles his hair. "You don't know him, you... you can't possibly have an opinion!"
"Don't overwork yourself, dear. You can't do everything at the office as well as help us with the situation here without taking care of yourself properly. Anyway, right now Sherlock is probably back to sleep, you can't entertain him. Take your day, go to the spa or something..."
Laughing, Mycroft presses his husband forward to move him towards the door. "Don't be greedy, love, you need to eat first. You skipped your breakfast this morning."
"I was asking because I wanted to know if you were ready for a talk about... John. And as you just demonstrated, you are more than enough in shape for a discussion even if you look unable to have a serious one!"
Replacing the books silently, Sherlock swiftly walks back to the study room where his classmates are waiting. Lucy, smiling at her strange new friend, whispers, “we were starting to worry, William! Are you all right?”
“Boss, something going on at the pub, the Fre –“ the simultaneous glares of Holmes and Lestrade bring her words to a sudden halt before she takes a breath and manages to recover enough to stops, “Sherlock is in the middle of a fight!”
“No, sorry, but now I really have to go!” He was about to go down the stairs when she stopped him again.
Knowing perfectly well that he was lying to himself, as the opportunity to get the help of the famous detective was something he couldn’t resist.
Knowing at once, who she is, Harry shakes her hand with a big grin. "It's grand, don't you think? First time for all of us!"
Shrugging his shoulders, he slaps Donovan on the back playfully. "Sorry Sally, I've got to talk to our... guest." and walks over to his husband thinking how beautiful he is like that, all relaxed while talking with one of the most powerful people in England.
"Yes, sir. I'm on it!" The perfect PA replies, sending a message to the restaurant about the fortunes.
“Are you sure you want to do this -” entering the flat, he changed in the upstairs spare room to surprise his boyfriend, John suddenly wasn’t able to say a word. Sherlock was magnificent. The burgundy velvet vest combined with a perfectly tailored black suit, the heavy cape with a satin lining matching the vest, his perfect curls temporarily tamed into a slick hairstyle... He was the poster-boy of the vampire archetype. And sexy as Hell.
“Older... Older... He’s what, five years my senior?” The detective complains even if he knows that his brother was right,  “I’m not a real student also, don’t forget!”
"Maybe, but you didn't see him after your death, it was really pathetic. Poor man." Keeping her gun fixed toward Sherlock, her second hand was now holding a bottle of pills. "The press was after him 24/7... it was madness."
Lestrade barges into the abandoned hangar less than five minutes later, a bunch of armed special ops with him. McAlister and Appleton still in a corner, playing cards, were easily captured. Left-over of the game Moran and his boss played for the last months.  Spotting Watson in a corner, the DI motions Sally in his direction while the others search for Sherlock.
“Are you all right? Better wait for tomorrow for a shower... Don’t want you to fall asleep in the bath!”
"... I know that you are eager to be alone with my brother." He shudders theatrically. "So, I'm going to my room to pack right --"
“I know that I can’t save them all, but I can’t do nothing either, can I?” Dropping his eyes to look at his bandaged ribs, he sighs, “all this is not important, Mycroft, it’s just transport. I hope nothing is lost and that I didn’t blow my cover!” As he thought about the fight, a warm feeling suddenly chases the detective’s dark mood,
"Yes, I know... the line between what you should and shouldn't talk about... I usually do not talk about feelings and such, so, it feels kind of useless, you know? Especially as nothing is happening in my life that is worthy of a blog post." After a few sips, he asks, "anyway, how did you stumble upon it? It's not like I publicized it or something!"
Understanding immediately, Greg swears under his breath. "Oh my God, we must act quickly! John come with us!" He meets Mycroft's stunned gaze as they run off in the direction of where Mary is.
Turning slowly around, Sherlock evaluated the crowd, his mind assaulted by the people surrounded him.
Not saying that he was aware of who he is because of the other men, McAllister and his acolyte strategically out of Watson’s sight for now, Moran rapidly squats and slaps John hard. “I’M THE ONE WHO’S ASKING QUESTIONS!” Holding his phone, he starts reading, not caring a bit about the drop of blood pooling at the corner of John’s mouth. “Doctor John H. Watson, Captain in the 5th Northumberland Fusiliers, Afghanistan,” lifting his head with a smirk, the criminal looks at John with mock admiration. “Blimey, doctor, quite an exciting life! Are you sure being a wannabe teacher is enough for you?” As John rolls his eyes at the theatrical, the gun to hire rises straight as he crosses his arms and adds, “don’t know if I want to kill or recruit you!”
“That not a good idea, not if you want your... friend to still have a job by the end of the week.” Mycroft chides, looking stern. “He’s an older man, in a position of authority. He should know better.”
Unable to imagine his world without Sherlock, his best friend, his other half... The last words they exchange echoing endlessly in his head, John cries and screams.
"Do you need company?" Clara asks, her eyes still glued to her phone as her cheeks suspiciously turn pink.
He stops again, now kilometres away from his flat and in a more secluded space. But he wasn't afraid, not when his army of irregulars is looking over him. Not when Mycroft is always looking over him. His vision slowly adjusting to the lack of luminosity, he checks around to smirks at the nearest CCTV but his eyes stop wandering when his gaze falls upon the sky.
The young woman, looking around and a bit shy of being under the scrutiny of her classmates, mumbles “Don’t know... let say that... someone fell on the floor after he died from a heart attack.” As Watson encourages her to continues, she adds, “if the cop only found that the back of the head is cut and bloody, they’ll never know that it was the heart...”
"Not if I find him the right one, the one that is going to be... 'magic'!" With a sweet but definitely mocking smile to her wife, she lifts her arms to do jazz hands at her before Clara smashes her with one of the sofa cushions. "Oie!"
"What? Just like that? They cost a fortune! Or you have to win a lottery to get some!" Walking behind his sister, swearing against his lame leg, he was once more flabbergasted by the type of client his sister has! "Three times your usual rates because he asked you to work on the 30th! He paid our first class train tickets, now places inside a pod..."
, Sherlock stops talking and puts down his head on the desk. "It's over! I will not think about him anymore! I am a logical man!"
“Not too fond of confined spaces, a war trauma probably. I distracted you to keep you from... fainting.” The doctor, silenced by the detective’s monologue, isn’t able to say a thing. “And, your suit is plain but new, you purchased it to play the part, to give an impression of a fatherly figure, so your colleagues and students forgot about your past, to be able to look as inoffensive as possible…” Walking towards the man until he stands only a few centimetres away he murmurs, “What are you hiding, Doctor Watson?”
Little article on how to be able to stargaze when in urban : https://londonist.com/2013/11/stargazing-in-london-top-tips-from-the-royal-observatory
His instant jealousy at the idea that the unknown man was on such good terms with his doctor was strangely unsettling for Sherlock.
“Because we need to find you a date!” Laughing, she grabbed her coat and purse, “follow me, I know the area around Bart’s and where to find the perfect pub!”
Busy as hell right now, sorry for the long delay and the shorter chapters (if you compare with my other fics.)
Snorting as if Mycroft had told a good joke, the detective locks his eyes on him and utters slowly “it’s just an elaborate version of
"What happened? Why did he stay on the church's floor like that? Is he okay? I am not planning to forgive him but I don't wish for him to be hurt. I didn't punch him that hard. Really. And anyway why did he didn't contact me? 7 weeks Greg!"
Until their lips aches, until the only sound was the combination of their beating hearts and raging breaths.
A big smile on his boyish face, John murmurs while conveying all the love possible in his eyes, “yes, I –“
“Thank you, got to go now I am really late!” Shoving it in his coat pocket he finally hurried out of the building.
Flabbergasted by the turn of the discussion, the doctor put his pint down, “no, this is ridiculous! And why the Hell would I accept something that crazy!”
“Or your own mother won’t be able to recognize you! Anyway, how could she be proud of having a lanky twink like you for a  son!”
“Don’t worry about him, he won’t call you anymore.” He frowns, changing lanes quickly “unless, you want him to of course.”
“It’s funny that people seem to want to shield you, when I personally think you are able to take care of yourself.”
Looking at Sherlock's shaking hands, Greg was astonished at how badly the great detective was at reading things related to his personal life. "Don't be mad, he does not want to see her again, he doesn't live in their house anymore, he's at Stamford's."
“Excuse me Doctor Watson but is it possible to know if a trauma occurred before or after the death of the patient?”
His mouth open in astonishment, both for the crimes and because Sherlock was literally striping in front of him, John remains under the bathroom doorway, frozen in place.
The satisfactory tone of the bastard’s voice, reminiscent of many others, the sight of the suspect getting in a cab outside the pub, the Met’s incompetence... all this is enough to erase the little patience Sherlock had left. Turning on his heel, he curled his hand in a fist and hit the man’s jaw, effectively cutting his speech short.  The man, bulkier but of equal height, nearly falls to the floor but was able to grab onto a stool. Shaking his head to get his bearings back, he angrily jumps on Sherlock as the other patrons move away shouting. The exchange is going on for a few minutes and Bidget – now joined by his new recruit – is slowly getting the upper hand, when someone jumps in the melee.
Smiling he thought about his last date with Sara and how she looked a bit sad to go away from him for Christmas.
Offering him a disgusted look, Holmes mutters, “and now we have to wait for the bloody car to come back,” turning away as Gregory laughs until his sides hurt and tears stream down his face.
Raising her arm, she calls the medics who have arrived with them. “Take care of that man.” The doctor was about to follow when Donovan softly places a hand on his shoulder. “Sorry Sir, we are not done here.”
"Yes! Of course!" The men start walking in the direction of the nearest pub. "What are you doing in London? I've read your blog and last I read you were living in a little village?"
More relaxed now that the jerk was out of the car, Molly chuckles “Thanks again, my knight in shining armour!”
As the cabby stops at a discreet place near the church, Sherlock saw the white sedan where the bride, Mary he recalls, was.
Absorbing his presence as an elixir, he analysed the doctor as if it was the first time. Noting the small glass of liquor, the wrinkled newspaper opened at the crosswords, his worrying but caring eyes, the bandaged hand...
“Oh, young man are all the same, always running. Always. One day you are going to be old like me.” She sighed. “And die, all alone.”
Skipping a few pages, he rereads his military record. Everything stellar, a bright young surgeon, respectful of higher authority and fair to soldiers under him.
"Enter, for God's sakes! It's your damn house!" Sherlock mutters, his voice sounding harsh and tired. Mycroft knew that, even if the detective's face was neutral, the pain was probably intolerable.
Spotting the detective’s hand, Watson blinks rapidly, licking his lips without even realizing it. Shaking his head to shove away the (
“So sorry, again, and again,” the detective says while he soothingly strokes the older man’s back, “it was a real torture to try to stay away from you. I knew it wasn’t right on so many levels, but I wasn’t... It wasn’t a game, you’ve got to believe me. I wasn’t able to stay away.”
A small one... Went to the movies last night to see Midsummer's Night Dream with Gwendoline Christie and it was marvellous! But I am a little late, sorry!
Shaking his head at the lost opportunity, Mike protested, “you know, every day I refuse interviews from major channels and -”
Greg smiles and sits at the table. "No, not really..." Taking off the tea cosy, he replenished Sherlock's cup and serves himself "it's just that I was wondering. --"
Hating his reaction, unable to stop thinking about what he would like to do with the young man and not trusting his responses, he recoils as far as the small closet allowed.
If you are curious, look at my previous effort, something completely different with darling little Rosie!: The mischievous fairies (Fictober 2018)
"Ouf... I thought they'll never leave." Mycroft falls on the bed with his clothes on, not wanting to move for at least twenty-four hours. They were finally back home, not wanting to spend the night at the hotel as they were leaving early in the morning. Shaking himself, he rises from the bed and starts to remove his suit.
Chuckling, the detective shakes his head. "You know that it's more difficult than you think, forcing someone to commit suicide."
And, with a small smile on his lips, he turns on his heels to go back slowly to his flat. His tormented mind calmed at last.
Rising his shoulder, Appleton replies honestly for once, “don’t know, never heard any name, don’t know how he learned about the drugs. Moran contacted me after Smith’s suicide, we were lost, the formula for a potential fortune on a A4 paper with no idea what to do with it.”
An hour later, everyone was relaxing, eating greasy food and chatting amicably at a table in the back of the pub. John, relaxed but not really drunk, smiled as he looked around the table. His friends were having fun, talking about work, life, girlfriend, kids, teasing each other when the possibility arose. But they know they are always there for anyone who asked for help.
"No! Sherlock!" The pathologist now holding his shaking hands. "It was good, not maybe the stalking part of it, but it was good that you felt something for someone. That you felt the urge to make a connection." Thinking about what he told them of his encounter, she thinks out loud. "You told us that he looked at you, with a lot of intensity. He's curious! Maybe you can ask him out, officially--"
“You didn’t reply yesterday when we talked in the cafeteria. About my friend. Can I give him your number?”
"Yes, fine." He summoned what he thought was the sexiest smile ever. "You know... got to get the man."... and he promptly crashed on his friend's shoulder.
“What are you talking about...” looking around, Greg realizes that nobody on his team – even Anderson! -  is working. They are looking at the different CCTV monitors spread around the room. Most of the screens focussing on one man. Examining the image, Greg frowns, “is this... Doctor Watson? No... Really? You don’t have anything better to do?”
The groom stares at him as if his decades-old friend was crazy. "Of course it is what I want! What are you saying?"
“The war, I’ve seen horrors... I shouldn’t be that affected by that. This is ridiculous. I don’t even know the
“The students who found him said that he looked like the poor sods who are dying from that drug recently, you know THE drug? Can’t remember the name, A/K or something –”
“You’re impossible!” Holmes chuckles, unable to be angry when the young woman was so hopeful for his brother, “oh, dear, look! He’s going back down the hill, he’s running towards London.”
… But he was blatantly unaware of his good qualities. Of how he impressed by his high moral code, his brilliant mind, his cat-like sexy attitude that transcended all his moves... “I’m trying to get a flatmate to get out of the dump where I’m living, and they all run after 5 minutes! Imagine getting someone to pledge his whole life to me when I can't get a random bloke to spend a year with me with the incentive of a low rent in a central London flat!”
He loses track of the discussion as he imagines the contrast of a snowy torso as he slowly unbuttons the shirt in his mind. Licking his lips, he slightly opens his mouth at the idea of licking the magnificent marble neck, to kiss the sumptuous lips, to –
“It’s not a word, Gavin...” He pauses, happy to place his new catchphrase “Anyway, I’ve tried it and it wasn’t any good so I’m better without, thank you very much.”
“The car is there,” Lestrade pushes the criminals in direction of the main door. “Keep the rest for the Yard.”
Turning on his phone, he uses the glow to discreetly light the face of his closet companion. He isn’t that surprised at the sight of an astonished John Watson!
With a small voice, he explained, “he... he was harmed, nothing serious but blood was dripping. I became furious, my force decoupled... I killed a few men. It was quick, but all the time my body was singing ‘blood, John’s blood, mine! Mine!” He shook his head, unable to understand what happened. “I nearly licked his blood in the sand, I had to get away from him... I was so afraid of my reaction.”
"Okay... let me see! Oh! It's a message from LondonSleuth!" She looks at Harry with a little smirk... "You told John that you wouldn't do that again!"
“You know what I mean...” the vampire stuttered, on edge, “you’ve seen all my flaws, you know that nothing good can come of it!”
Amazed against his will, John murmurs, "that's soooo not good. You shouldn't do that to people, it's not nice. Even if it is just a tiny bit impressive."
In fact, the sole presence of the ex-military man is quite distracting and Sherlock, without admitting to himself, would be better off if he left the lab! The fact that the man clearly desires him is strangely arousing to the usually uninterested man. Without thinking, he suggests, “really, you can go. Anyway, you need to take care of your arousal and –”
“What are you doing here, John? You shouldn’t be here.” The vampire’s cold tone unable to hide the sadness... and the hope. “You should be at your place.”
“Shush, darling, shush... Come here, we will work through things,” he gently pulled the vampire in the direction of the sofa, “I can’t guarantee you that I won’t be killed by a car next week, and it’s okay, it’s life. I can say though that I will never leave you because of your past, I have done horrible things myself because it was necessary for my survival.” He kissed his eyebrows, trying to chase away the look of concern. “Regarding Moriarty, the way he killed those vampires, I am also afraid that something is going to happen to you. Don’t you think it’s better to be there to protect each other? And regarding my so-called human fragility, your brother said that he’s going to have his eyes on me, whatever that means.”
“You gave me your number,” John tells him stupidly, a thrill like magic swooping in his chest. He looks down to admire the precious row of numbers in pleasure. Just like in all the romantic Muggle films!
“I wouldn’t give Molly the satisfaction!” John can spot the pout from here. Good God, John loves this man.
them. The picnic, the flowers, the disregard for personal space. And I wasn’t getting any signals back, positive or negative, so I figured, something more...
“The least you can do is tell me one thing.” Conan leans in, and John mirrors him. “I'm sure my audience would love to know…are you single?”
The response is immediate, several beeps in sequence as John writes out each message. John must have already had his phone out when Sherlock’s message sent. He’s certainly living the authentic university experience if he’s already texting in class.
“As you know, these last few months haven’t been easy for me, and dating you…Dating you would be the best thing that could possibly happen to me. So, if you’ll have me Mary… could you see your way, um. If you could see your way to possibly-”
. In an instant he dropped the flirtatious act, straightened, and raised a single eyebrow at John. “Satisfied?”
“Thanks,” Sherlock says. “Keep them coming. And maybe a blueberry scone, later.” Sherlock pointedly replaces the earbud. The man gapes.
? He’s as good as you’re ever going to get! He’s intelligent and witty and causes so much trouble you could claw his eyes out sometimes and he
Sherlock had utterly embarrassed himself the last time they'd met, going on about how much he loved acting, how John was so
“You know I’m not a pouf. I’m not gay.” John repeats the words, as if to himself: “I’m not gay.” John huffs out a bitter laugh, short and hard.
John Watson did not want to be here, but Irene had demanded. John, in turn, insisted that if he absolutely
since I’ve had access to a proper lab, I put all sorts of experiments on hold this semester.” Sherlock is biting his lip, and now he’s the one looking away to avoid John’s gaze, although he doesn’t withdraw his hands from John’s. “What about you? Did you have…plans for the new year?”
jinx. He wouldn’t be so handsome if his face was covered in boils. John resists, and goes back to pretending to wipe down another table. It's coincidental that from this location he gets a better view of both of them.
, were they?” Sherlock’s voice was increasing in pitch and rate. “And you’ve spent all your time here the past three days, if you didn’t bruise your rib here it must have been at home. John?” Fearful.
John sits up. The strains of a string instrument gradually filter more clearly into the room. It’s obviously coming from Sherlock next door. It seems he and Irene aren’t the only ones awake tonight.
a response to flattery that John understands and encourages in beautiful men) even as his nose scrunches in confusion.
John works well with the customers. He finds that a self-deprecating grin and a shrug is enough to make up for the times when he botches drink orders the first go-round. It’s gratifying to know that Muggles find his smile as charming as most witches and wizards do.
It’s always the same. The wild grounds, the peeling paint and the sweet scent of hay and trees are all achingly familiar, snug like cool summer evenings wrapped up in front of a crackling camp-fire. The same friends, the same youthful giggles, the same mediocre cafeteria food.
Greg tells them Watson’s label will be in touch soon, thanks them for their time, and dismisses them. Sherlock feels brilliant, all the nervousness of before burned away into excitement. He even smiles and chats a bit with another dancer as they gather their things to leave.
Sherlock squawks, ankles and arms locking instinctively around John’s body as John spins him, laughing in delight at Sherlock’s wide eyes. He whirls Sherlock around the coffee shop, gently bouncing him to the breezy music. When Sherlock’s fit of laughter subsides, he unlocks his grip on John and slides down to his feet, pressing his cheek against John’s and clasping John’s hand with one hand and his shoulder with the other. He croons the lyrics in John’s ear, his deep voice richly blending with the singer’s.
The faraway looks persist. Sherlock is quieter at lunchtimes and some days, John has to drag the boy away from his research and into the shower, because he’s forgotten to take care of himself again.
Irene and her dares and her insistence on coming to a club of all places on their night off. She knew he was a lightweight.
James rolls his eyes. His boyfriend may be a shameless flirt, but James knows now that John wouldn’t betray him. Even if it had taken about a year of John telling him so for James to start believing it. Now, they have been together more than two years and James thinks he’s the luckiest bloke in their school. Plenty of people, of all genders, agree.
John ignores Bill in favor of nuzzling against Sherlock’s hand. He thumps his tail furiously against the floor and barks again, giving Sherlock his best doggy smile.
“You hear them Mr. Watson.” Mrs. Hudson appears and passes John an acoustic guitar. “Get your tush back out there. Three songs should do it.”
“You’re sure he’s going to be alright?” Sherlock asks persistently, heart a little faster than normal.
“I’ve already hit it about a dozen times in the last minute. The router is going to explode, Sherlock!” Molly sounds extremely irritated, obviously still miffed at having been ignored so thoroughly this past month.
John turns to see that Sherlock is right. The vines converge on the door, squeezing underneath it and through the sides. Sherlock is reaching for the doorknob when John calls, “Stop!”
Sherlock smiles slyly down at John from under his curls, one of his hands dipping into John’s shirt at the back, and a shudder runs down his spine.
“Mycroft! Summon your goons!” called Sherlock. John hoped Sherlock would get the hell out of the way sooner rather than later, but he didn’t have a chance to dwell on how far away his friend’s voice had sounded, between the loudspeakers and his current predicament. Hope’s knee kicked up to land squarely in John’s gut, and John huffed, all the breath in his body leaving him. Hope squirmed out of John’s weakened hold, stood, and backed up several paces.
Just as he allowed himself to look back at the object of his thoughts, Sherlock looked straight up to where John sat, smirked slowly, and winked.
“Can I at least get your name? You’re a regular customer but we don’t know a thing about each other.”
, about everything. He’s literally written love songs for me, sung them to millions of people. I can’t ‘just say it,’ I have to do something special. I set up romantic dinner tonight, and it was going well. But now, every time I try to tell him
by James, he’d never considered. Does John have a random thing for blokes with deductive abilities? “How did you know?”
A peasant joins the prince somewhere along the way, and decides to follow on his adventures. Sherlock wonders whether that might be meant to be him? It makes his smile widen. The pauper to John’s prince. The lyrics are playful, a touch melancholic, and gorgeously visual. A proper fairytale.
John Watson is still (bewilderingly) smiling. “Okay, but what about the rest? Harry’s drinking, my family?”
“On the bus, everyone quickly!” Mrs. Hudson begins to swat those nearest to her onto the bus. “The show tonight starts in just under six hours and we’ve got plenty to do before then.”
“For Annie.” John beams up at him. “C’mon, I made the sound bloke pull a violin when I heard that you were coming back on the tour, just in case.”
“Really. That easy?” He almost wishes she’d given him an excuse to delay telling Sherlock a while longer.
John felt a lump in his throat and tears in his eyes. He wasn’t typically this emotional; he decided to blame it on the medication. “I love you, Mary. If I had told anyone, it would’ve been you first. The doctors figured it out straight away and they told Child Protection. Someone’s stopping by tomorrow.”
Sherlock looks at them oddly. When he returns his eyes towards John, he’s met instead with the sight of a golden-haired German Shepherd with a very familiar pair of blue eyes.
John chuckled nervously, knowing he’d be facing a full-scale inquiry soon enough. “Okay, so the microphones need condoms. What else?” John not-so-subtly changed the subject as he turned back to a curious Molly.
It seems less like a kiss and more like a flash of light. A match lit on a Gubraithian fire. Sherlock’s lips are against his and John takes in a breath through his nose, dizzy, pressing in deeper, sucking Sherlock’s full lower lip between his own. Sherlock reaches to clutch at the back of his neck and John feels a flash in his peripheral vision and a
Sherlock pulled back a hair, enough to gasp, “John.” John captured his lips once again, but Sherlock was undeterred. They settled for a volley of brief words and soft nips and licks. “Wait…I shouldn’t…what about…you can’t…Mary!” At last Sherlock pulled fully away. His face was flushed and the haze in his eyes was clearing rapidly.
“Not so bad after all. It’s pretty good, innit?” John has to shout to be heard over the still-cheering crowd.
And if every once in a while, it seemed like maybe there was a spark of something more in John’s eyes, Sherlock would ignore it. If memories of the almost-kiss in the studio appeared in his daydreams, he would push the thoughts away.
He rolled his eyes at John’s self-doubt. “Don’t be ridiculous, John. You’re not even performing. Just get up there and do what you’ve been doing all week. You’ll be fantastic.”
“I accept your dare,” he grumbled, sour at losing to Irene. If John was going to find out about his pathetic crush, it might as well be on Sherlock’s terms.
“That good?” she asks, and bursts into laughter. John turns beet red, and buries his face in his hands.
Greg looked sheepish. “Course, Watson. Sorry. Listen, besides wishing you well, I had another reason for coming to see you,” Greg said as he pulled up a chair to the side of John’s bed. “Sally’s mum is pulling her out of school next semester.”
“Draw Benvolio, beat down their weapons!” Anderson cried, and for once John was grateful for the bumbling stutter with which Anderson approached all of his dialogue.
One of the quirks of being a magical twin is that John can always tell what Harry’s feeling if she's close by, and vice versa. Right now he’s feeling her sympathy laced with an edge of amused smugness. John rolls his eyes at her, and she winks. “Maybe next time you should text me if you don’t want Mum reading over my shoulder. You know she hates Muggle tech.”
“You turn on the lamp here, this little knob adjusts how big the circle of light is, this one changes the brightness, and these switches change the color.” Sarah had shown John the balcony (up a quick flight of stairs from the audience level) and given him a run down on how the spotlight worked. “It’ll be tricky at first to know exactly where you need to aim and how to hit your target, but you’ll catch on soon enough,” she finished, moving aside so that John could try.
Greg had understood the intent behind the song without being told, and had come up with some daring choreography to suit. It’s John and Sherlock alone on the stage, John circling, and Sherlock watching, his moves both cautious and coy.
“How did you do that?” Sherlock breathes, bringing his hand right in front of his eyes to inspect it for clues. “There aren’t even any callouses. The skin is brand new. How?”
. John hangs on every word, murmuring exclamations of surprise and amazement as the man speaks. Most of the boasts Sherlock makes about his logical and scientific processes go over John’s head (maybe because he loses the thread of the story more than once as he watches Sherlock’s lips) but he loves the way Sherlock’s face grows flushed and animated with enthusiasm as he recounts the case. John’s heart beats sympathetically with excitement, blood and magic pounding a little faster through his veins just listening. John wishes he had been there with him.
“He’s not my boyfriend! And… he probably won’t ever be. Irene says he never dates. And he barely even looked at me yesterday.” John feels truly morose about this whole thing.
Greg’s chuckle filtered through his left ear between crackles. “I know, John, considering you’re currently fifteen feet away from me.” John looked to his right and saw that Greg was, in fact, sitting behind a nearby table next to Molly. On the table were two boards full of innumerable buttons and sliders (one for lights and another for sound, John surmised), a lamp, and Greg’s script.
“That isn’t the John Watson I know.” Mike says, shooting a spell at John that steams out the creases in his borrowed shirt. “You’ll find a way to catch his eye. Do you remember your fling with Reggie Musgrave back at Hogwarts?”
John tosses his head back and laughs, eyes sparkling. “You got me there. There’s nothing better in the world than this.” John jerks his head back towards the stage where a chant of, “Encore!” has begun.
Sherlock curls himself into John’s side on the sofa, and John holds him there tightly until he feels the tension completely unspool from his muscles, as Sherlock drops off to sleep. John sends him sweet dreams with a kiss to the top of his head, and watches the movie without taking any of it in.
Shuddering, John thinks he can probably put off that conversation a while longer. But now that Mike has planted the seed in his head, John knows that he won’t be able to stop worrying about it. It was easy to ignore when he was still fantasizing about Sherlock, about his soft hair and sweet lips. But now he knows what it’s like to kiss him, to hold his hand, to be with him. And he doesn’t want to lose that. Not ever.
“Fine, okay, I get it.” John raises his palms towards Sherlock in assent. “I’m no better at mind-reading than I ever was. Impress me, then.”
by mass fame and international love. He takes John’s hand quickly, ignoring the flinch John makes at the touch.
“I heard,” John tells him. His brows are furrowed as he looks concernedly at Sherlock. “…You know it’s okay? You need to go home and take care of him and your mum.”
John rests his head atop Sherlock’s, and breathes him in. If that’s the case, then John can’t wait to take their perfect slice of fantasy back into the real world.
video in my dance class to talk about how ballet and contemporary music can be used together and it was amazing and I watched it about a billion more times since then!” Her big brown eyes, sparkling with enthusiasm, remind Sherlock acutely of a younger Molly.
John clutches him harder, strokes a hand up and down his boyfriend’s spine. Sherlock had told John early on that
“I’ve told you before I’m perfectly happy to help you pay your tuition. When Harry had that apprenticeship with the Wizengamot I paid some of her expenses.”
Molly (Sherlock’s co-counselor, aforementioned first friend) slides into a plastic seat beside Greg. “Oh, are you asking about the dare then?”
John and Sherlock walk back out on stage together to cheers. John says something to the lead guitarist as Sherlock tests out the violin. The song begins almost as Sherlock remembers it, except this time John sings it with dramatic gestures as he describes the pain and longing of the Pauper before he meets the Prince. Sherlock rolls his eyes, but as he picks up the violin part and John’s face breaks into a blinding smile, Sherlock can’t help but mimic it.
John offers a friendly smile and a wink when he passes Sherlock his coffee. “Your regular, Sherlock. Black with two sugars: dark and sweet.”
“Sherlock?” his dad calls after a while, and Sherlock reluctantly pauses the footage and removes his earbuds. “We have…one last present for you.” Sherlock straightens, looking between his dad’s poorly suppressed excitement and Mummy’s poorly disguised disapproval. This is unusual. Typically Sherlock can guess all of his gifts weeks before Christmas. His dad reaches into a pocket on his cardigan and pulls out a folded paper. Sherlock rushes over to him and quickly opens it.
Looking back to his computer, Conan has climbed up onto his desk and the audience is going wild. Conan points into the camera. “John Watson just implied he had a boyfriend on
Sherlock obeys, and reluctantly steps away. If John wants to have a conversation, Sherlock can’t do it when all he can see and touch and
“John?” The door cracks open and Victor’s face appears. John is momentarily surprised to see redness around the boy’s eyes, but continues his tirade nonetheless.
No matter what Irene said, John can’t help but think about it for the rest of his shift, whenever he catches a minute to himself. The mad Muggle who made his blood sing.
“’Fraid so. Don’t want this wire to fall-off mid-scene, do you? How would the audience be able to hear your lovely dulcet tones?”
“Easy, easy,” John soothes, leading Sherlock to the couch with an arm around his back. His weight is heavy against John’s side and his head continues to rove around the room wildly. John settles him on the couch and sits beside him, rubbing soothing circles on his back as Sherlock’s eyes screw shut and he starts to shake his head from side to side. “Breathe, hon,” John encourages. He summons a glass of water from the kitchen because, well, fuck it. Sherlock’s eyes are closed and anyhow John is about to tell him that magic is real and his boyfriend is a wizard.
It’s dim and dusty, but he has a good view of the talent without being ogled, and only Irene here to bug him.
He lets himself wonder again whether out of the pair of them, John isn’t the mad one after all, before he raises a hand and knocks on the door. There’s some shuffling and a long pause before it opens and John is faced with the man he recognizes as Sherlock’s father.
blushing. He stows away his cases and gets settled in a seat in front of a sleeping Irene while John greets the dancers and personnel already on board. He’s surprised (but not displeased) when, moments later, John drops into the seat beside him.
Sherlock felt a heat rising under his collar as the fierceness flashed in John’s eyes when he swore to…defend his honor? Nobody had done that for him in a long while. Well, nobody from real life.
There’s a sigh, the long breath blasting interference across the line. “It’s only been a couple weeks since we last spoke. Made it sound like you were getting along so well.”
attend dance auditions, he would only do it in Mrs. Hudson’s basement studio, which had two-way glass that looked into an office / storage cupboard. For a pop-star, he values his privacy pretty highly.
Irene must notice, because she refrains from berating him for his slowness and frequent mistakes as he makes beverages for the Saturday morning crowd. Instead, she watches him with a curious, thoughtful look on her face.
“Oh!” Sherlock gasps, blinking stupidly down at him. “You-um. Your hair. It looks. Um. Shorter. It looks. Good.”
John swallows. “You’re not upset that I’m…flouting the traditions of the generations of Watsons before me?” John asks, throat tight. He didn’t know until this moment that he needed his Mum to be okay with the change. Dad wasn’t around anymore to have a say, after all.
The response had been almost immediate, was that a good sign? Had to be, considering Sherlock had replied at all. John was almost sloppy in his attempt to fire off a reply.
John's breath stuttered in his throat, his hand moving up Sherlock's arm, underneath the fabric of his sleeve. He then pinched the detective's skin, hard, and Sherlock edged away from him, his nose scrunching in confusion.
"Goodnight, Sherlock." John replied, before rolling onto his side so he could get more comfortable, falling into a deep sleep a few minutes later.
Sherlock had said, but it was hard to do that as he watched his flatmate, his best friend, spread his arms wide and plunge forward off the roof of St. Bart's. John almost didn't believe his eyes for a moment, staggering forward in an almost drunken state, mouth open in shock. He didn't see the cyclist coming from behind him, and as a result, he went down hard when the impact came. His body hit the pavement with a resounding
The doctors pause, staring, but you take that chance to push past them, settling beside me in the ambulance. You're there again, worried, and your presence relaxes me. You're there, and I can take another breath. Your hand comes to rest on my arm again as we ride to the hospital, and you talk to me, your voice low.
You don't turn to look at me, you don't even stop. You can't, I understand, but I really wouldn't like to be left behind with this man and his gun. Maybe you didn't hear me, maybe the wind's roaring too loudly in your ears. But you're pulling away, farther, and maybe it's
I hope you're right, I really do. I want to go on more adventures with you, I want to feel the adrenaline in my veins. I want our quiet mornings on Baker Street, our tired nights in the living room. I want your violin playing, and I want your severed body parts in the fridge. I want everything, so
John fiddled with the telly until he found one of the crap shows he enjoyed, just to calm his nerves. In reality, he shouldn't be nervous, considering he and Sherlock had lived together for years. But yet (another of those pesky things), this felt like a first meeting all over again. This time, they were both hurting, trying to heal from experiences that were still incredibly raw.
"Yes." You say, and now you stop playing, your eyes focusing directly on me. "You're alive, but in a coma, of sorts. Your heart stopped."
So, here we are, running through the dark streets of London, feet slapping the pavement and hearts racing. A man with a gun, a
"There were thirteen scenarios in place, when I went up onto that rooftop." Sherlock began, his voice slow at first. "Each had a specific codeword, and teams were in place for every single one of them. I knew that Moriarty wanted me to die, to finish off his story, so I planned and I predicted. Him killing himself was definitely a setback, but-"
"Have I?" My voice sounds dazed, I realize, and I remember that I blacked out in the hallway to surgery. "But I survived the shot, then?"
"Let him ride." I demand, my voice loud enough to hear over the endless wailing of the sirens. "He rides with me."
Upon reaching Tesco, John took out that week's list of groceries from his pocket, scanning over it before he gave an affirming nod, taking a cart and pushing it into the store. The music in here was always far too cheery for his opinion, but he was focused on his shopping, and nothing else. He didn't use the self checkout once he was done, instead going to the manual checkout lanes and making small talk with the cashier as he fumbled for his wallet in his pocket. Everything seemed to remind him of Sherlock, especially the chip-and-pin machine, but he swiped his card and went on his way.
"You've been unconscious for four days." You inform me, not even pausing in your playing as you speak. You do not look at me. "Today would be the fifth."
"A kind offer." Sherlock murmured in reply, setting his untouched tea on the coffee table. "I wasn't ready to reach out to anyone yet, I was still . . . sorting myself out. But, thank you for extending the invitation. It might have been just what I needed."
It takes me a moment to process this information, and I'm stunned. My heart had stopped in the operating room? Good
I can tell when we're at the hospital, I can hear the doors open. They're wheeling me out, but they're going quicker this time, and I know they're running because I can hear their feet slapping on the linoleum floors. I can hear you, too. The doctors are telling you to go to the waiting room, but you don't want to listen.
"My brother, my parents, Molly Hooper, and a select few of the homeless network." Sherlock replied, looking thoroughly put-out by that point. "But you had to believe I was dead, John. You absolutely had to. Moriarty had a sniper trained on you, and he would've killed you unless you saw me jump and you believed I had died. I couldn't- I
John wouldn't care. Sherlock had still hurt him, he'd still driven him so far off the edge for a few months that he did nothing but stay in the flat and drink himself to sleep. Sherlock
John's heart felt like it was going to pound right out of his chest, taking deep breaths through his nose in an attempt to calm his already-jittery nerves. His hands shook as he took the kettle from the cupboard, setting it on the stovetop before pouring in some water to let boil. He could practically
“I think your admirer is getting jealous,” Sherlock murmurs, tilting his head in the young girl’s direction. John flicks his eyes to Mary and then back to Sherlock, lips curling at the corners.
He can very nearly hear the eye-roll. “You never call when you can text. And even then, hardly ever. Your mum has been hounding me all night because of that very fact, ta very much.”
The woman continued her examination with calm efficiency, talking all the while. She didn’t appear to need John’s response, so he relaxed into the warm soothing atmosphere of her chatter and its protective bubble. As long as this woman was talking about crap telly, there couldn’t be anything terribly wrong in the world.
In the end, it’s easy. A natural progression from the physical and emotional affection between them that they’ve been waiting ages to make.
Sherlock scoffed. “I know a real gun when I see one. But after that, how were you able to see in the dark?”
Sherlock is sitting with his legs folded on the bench, earbuds in, and concentrating fiercely on his computer screen. John knows he has a deadline on his thesis that he needs to meet by this afternoon. The earbuds are a signal to the world at large that today is not the day for distractions, or in John’s case, constant flirting. It’s a smart tactic, because otherwise John would spend the day trying to feed him bites of sweet pastries and pitching love notes and bad poetry at him on balled up pieces of paper.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock answers, tearing his mouth away from John’s neck to look him in the eye. His eyes are smoldering and his hair is already a mess from John’s fingers running through it. “I remember.”
“He wants to fuck me. Fine. That’s simple enough, plenty of people do.” Sherlock ignores Molly’s snort. “We’ll be dancing, and he’ll look at me like I’m his next meal, and then the song turns off, he gives me a pat on the back and leaves. Doesn’t say anything, do anything. Treats me exactly the way he usually does.”
He’d walked Sherlock back to his door, asked him out for a second date on the spot, and kissed him goodnight when Sherlock had accepted (thoroughly). John had been so happy, he’d skipped all the way to an apparition point, and done an extra spin before disapparating.
(Sherlock gives John an expensive looking watch. Irene grimaces at the cat-themed jumpers. Whatever Sherlock gives Victor makes Victor laugh uproariously, although he refuses to show the rest of them, merely kissing his smug boyfriend. Molly gets Irene a license for photo-editing software. When he opens John’s poorly packaged gift, Sherlock immediately puts on the rainbow scarf that John had picked out to match his trainers. Movies are watched and memories made. John’s side feels cold without anyone folded into it).
Placing a cautious hand on each of Sherlock’s shoulders, John waits for the man to make eye contact with him in the mirror. When their gazes finally meet, Sherlock slumps and lets out an enormous breath.
"Yeah, he's a sweet kid. First time doing the acting thing, he says. And he worships the ground you walk on, if it means anything to you. No idea why."
John snorts as he looks down the hall to see the side of Mr. Holmes’s head, his gaze directed at the telly as he flips through stations. With a glower, Sherlock pulls John into his bedroom and firmly shuts the door.
John thinks he's missed his chance with Sherlock. Thankfully, Irene is here to give him a kick where it counts.
Sherlock hums and starts to suck a bruise on the side of John’s neck like a bloody vampire. Oh, vampires! John needs to remember that Sherlock will want to hear about them sometime.
Sherlock lifts his head to stop John (or to listen more closely, he’s not sure). A sluggish bubble of hope expands in his chest as John begins speaking.
“The police tell me that Jefferson Hope gave them the name of the man who supposedly forced him to bring the gun,” Mycroft began after a minute. Sherlock was thankful that they wouldn’t have to talk about his moment of weakness. “Moriarty, he called him. Police are looking into it, but they believe Moriarty to be nothing more than a fiction of Hope’s mental illness.”
it’s almost time. He and Molly are in Sherlock’s sitting room, his laptop hooked up to the television.
As one, they began to push John offstage and out the stage door. “Mary, what the hell?” he asked, nervous.
He feels flirtatious and giddy and brave, his heart full to bursting. “Am I your boyfriend?” John smiles slowly back at him.
Sherlock will collapse on the couch dramatically, clad in pajamas and dressing gown. “Oh, joy,” he’ll grumble.
He spent the next hour and a half of tech sitting on his chair with nothing to do, texting Sherlock intermittently. It was the only thing making the inaction bearable. John even started an experiment of his own. He tested exactly how far his wireless headset would function before it stopped receiving messages from Greg and started picking up random radio stations. He got most of the way out of the school at one point before Greg noticed and told him to stop messing around.
John whips around to send a dark, hopefully intimidating, glare at his friend. “You do that and I will-“ John sorts through the current list of blackmail he has on his oldest friend, looking for something that will get his seriousness across. “I will tell that couple downstairs that you’re trying to seduce about your weird sex noises.”
John raises his hands to calm Sherlock, who looks half-mad as he starts to shout. It comes pouring out like his wand has finally snapped.
“It’s always been a part of my life, and I never met anyone who asked me to analyze it.” John pushes his shoulder against Sherlock’s, threading their fingers together. “In my house growing up…magic was a certainty. It was as certain as…that the Earth goes ‘round the sun.”
.” John hits him with the pillow again when Sherlock lets out a relieved laugh. “It’s not funny! When you didn’t say anything, I figured you thought I was going too fast and you didn’t like it. I’ve been losing sleep! Stop laughing!” John takes the pillow and uses it to tackle Sherlock to the floor. With a grin on his face and John Watson pinning him down, Sherlock cranes his neck up to land quick kisses on his boyfriend’s lips until he stops scowling and mumbling curses and starts to kiss him back. “Prat,” John mumbles between reluctant kisses. “I half thought you would break up with me.”
“Break-time’s over. Get your arse behind the counter, Watson!” John tries to stifle his giggles, but they escape again in a little burst when his eyes meet Sherlock’s.
split the air. Someone in the audience screamed, apparently realizing that this was real and not just exceptionally strange theatre.
“We do a Shakespeare every autumn,” Greg steered their way back into the conversation as he stepped slightly closer to Molly. “This year it’s Romeo and Juliet. Rehearsals start as soon as auditions get decided, which should be next week if Mrs. Hudson finds what she likes. Looks like a good group auditioned this year, a lot of familiar faces. Speaking of which, there’s our Romeo!”
Sherlock pushes his laptop aside and looks at John head-on. “Why do you want to know?” he asks suspiciously.
Sherlock’s eyes look carefully between John’s, searching. After a moment, he gives a decisive nod. John’s breath catches when Sherlock steps closer. He’d forgotten that Sherlock was a full head taller than him. John has to tilt his face up to meet his gaze, this close.
“Combination of a mild Confundus charm and simple inexperience with folded space. If you’re interested, I’m pretty sure Mike has a book on non-Euclidian geometry and wizarding physics that he’ll let you borrow. He was obsessed with the mechanics of wizard space when he came to Hogwarts and got stuck in a vanishing step. He and Irene were both raised without magic, you know.”
John is opening his mouth to reply when Victor starts to speak, nuzzling into James’ neck as he does so. “
Sherlock is turning red. “I had a book about bees, and it said that in every hive there is a queen. So I declared myself the bee prince and wove myself yellow daisy crowns. It was very silly.”
“Sherlock!” he claps a hand around Sherlock’s shoulder cheerfully. “Wonderful to see you, son. I want to hear all about America.”
, the song famously about his breakup with Mary Morstan. Sherlock suspects that much of John’s reported-upon past is true, and that Mary was the “one serious relationship” John had referred to on the aeroplane. He doesn’t need much more evidence than the lyrics of this song. They’re heartbreaking: a story of betrayal, loss and the failure to forgive.
“Well, what did you-“ Sherlock starts to ask Molly, but this time she shushes him, and Sherlock sees why in an instant. The screen is showing John again, shoulders more relaxed and face loose as he looks somewhere off-camera. “How was that, then?” John asks. “Did we get it?” Claps and cheers are heard from behind the lens, and John breaks into a whoop. “C’mon you two, we’re gonna group hug this out right now!” he calls, and Sherlock and Irene skip-run back into screen, crashing into John from either end. He throws one arm over Irene’s shoulders and another around Sherlock’s waist.
John doesn’t contradict her as he watches the end of auditions, sees the man shakes out his shirt, tip his head back to take long gulps of water, then gathers his things to leave.
Sherlock’s yelped “What pool?” is covered by Greg’s dramatic groan. “Don’t remind me. I lost my ten quid last week. Remind me again why you haven’t made a move yet? It’s nearly Mid-Summer Campfire.”
Sherlock feels a swelling in his chest as the song builds steadily towards—something. He isn’t completely sure yet, but somehow he can
John gives him a weak smile. “Okay, yes. I overreacted. Can we try to salvage the moment, or is the evening ruined?”
The story of Angelo the house-breaker takes them all the way to the front of a warm, cosy looking Italian restaurant that Sherlock ushers him into.
“You should feel lucky I’m not making you wear a hairnet,” she threatens. John tugs protectively on his long blond ponytail in response. Irene continues, “I’ll take you shopping soon for some Muggle clothes.”
Pranav answers the call, hair styled, clad in a Captain America shirt. “John! It’s been a couple of weeks. How’s things?”
John shoulders his way into Sherlock’s bedroom, arms full of DVDs from the library. “Sherlock, cancel your plans. This weekend I am educating you on the glorious pop culture phenomenon known as Star-“ He watches as Victor scrambles off of Sherlock, hears the audible smack as their lips disconnect. They’re blessedly clothed, but Sherlock’s shirt is untucked and unbuttoned, his hair mussed and lips red. “…Trek.” He finishes, frozen in time. “Sorry, I’ll just,” he manages as he backs out of the room. Victor sends a
He creeps back to the sofa, fakes an enormous yawn, and walks to the kitchen a bit louder than he normally would. Mummy is standing from Dad’s lap, wiping at her cheeks. She goes to pour the tea as Sherlock takes a seat adjacent to his dad’s.
“…okay. Let’s go.” With a hand on the small of Sherlock’s back, John guides him to where Irene is already waiting in the trap room, ready to be raised onto the stage.
? A John Watson classic!” John feels a smile tug at the corners of his mouth, contemplating the idea.
John peels the paper off his forehead to read it. “You don’t know who Madonna is?” he asks, incredulous. “We have got to fix this.”
They peer around a corner and see two shady-looking Muggle men in the alley beside the Pearce’s previous workplace. Sherlock begins to murmur his deductions John.
John turns to look through the shop window where Irene is sitting on the counter, munching on popcorn and obviously having been watching this whole time. (Where did she even get popcorn? Whatever.) John beams and points to the hand where Sherlock had written the number and does a little happy jump because he can’t help it. He bounds back into the now-empty shop and tells her brightly, “He gave me his phone number!”
dizzy last time,” John said, leaning towards Sherlock, hands in pockets. Now that he was gaining confidence, he just couldn’t stop the charm.
With each re-watching, John found ever more consistencies between Mercutio and Sherlock’s own character. Like Mercutio’s simultaneous charm and obstinacy in standing up to Tybalt:
Sherlock hums vaguely in agreement, apparently getting distracted by John’s petting, his hands creeping under John’s shirt as he begins to kiss along John’s neck. He rolls his arse on John’s lap and John instantly begins to harden under the attention. “Sherlock!” John gasps as the man’s hands dip into the back of his trousers. “We can’t shag here. Your dad’s right down the hall!”
“You look sharp, Johnny,” Bill tells him through a mouthful of sandwich, and Mike nods beside him. John smiles uncertainly and turns back to Irene, who’s still buried in Mike’s wardrobe, looking for a suitable outfit.
“You idiot, where did you even find this? Mrs. Hudson explicitly asked that no religious symbols be used on stage for this production!” Sherlock was yelling, shaking something on a gold chain in front of Sally’s face.
The boy rolls his eyes and crosses his arms over his chest, in a classic defensive stance (one that is rather diminished by the accompanying wince).
“Oh, that shouldn’t be a problem,” John returns, bending down and scooping Sherlock into a bridal style carry. Sherlock makes a very satisfying
The mirthful look fades from John’s eyes and his expression becomes very serious. His eye’s flicker to Sherlock’s mouth, then dart up to Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock throws his hands in the air. “I LIED! Okay? I’m a drama queen with a terrific poker face! You might as well know that about me, if we’re airing out secrets. Or are we?! You said you needed time. How much time? What could it possibly be that you can’t trust me with? I have more theories, but that’s all they are.
This is it, then. How, exactly, should John tell Sherlock about magic? John takes out some parchment and makes a list of ideas.
“Shoot for that chair, off to the side,” Sarah suggested. John aimed the body of the spotlight before flicking on the lamp. It hit its target, dead center. Sarah gaped. “Lucky shot. Definitely. No way you’re that good at it without any practice. Okay, Mrs. Hudson just walked in. Aim for her.” John did so, and the director’s arm immediately came up to shield her eyes as she squinted up at the bright light suddenly in her face. John switched the light off. “Sorry, Mrs. Hudson!” he yelled, grinning.
“Shan’t. It’s called Operant Conditioning, and you might know about it if you’d decided to go to uni like I did. Kate does the same thing to train her cat, except she uses a spray bottle.”
“Not at all. Were Irene and Bill giving you a hard time?” John squints at them, mildly threatening. Sherlock squeezes his hand.
“Oh,” Sherlock says softly. “…Yes.” John hadn’t realized there was hope on Sherlock’s face until he sees that it’s gone.
Sherlock groans, tugging lightly at his hair in frustration, even as he feels a thrill at her words. “But he’s always
Dinner came and went, and with it, all too soon, went John as they all walked him to his waiting car.
John honestly thought Sherlock was going a little far with this, but he could see how worked up the bloke was. “Sorry, Sally, but if Mrs. Hudson doesn’t want him using one, maybe it’d be best if you found something else.” Sally scoffed before wordlessly snatching the cameo from John’s hands and storming away.
“I did fine in Muggle Studies,” he insists. “Only, they didn’t cover evil monster beverage robots.” He eyes the brassy espresso-maker suspiciously.
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes,” Molly says beside him, and he turns to find her glowering at him. “You are going to tell me
Thank you everyone for reading, especially to those of you who stuck around for the last chapter! Your comments mean the world to me.
“Well, I was talking to Mrs. Hudson earlier…” Mary began. She didn’t have a chance to continue as John began speaking over her.
“I know something we can do to kill time before rehearsal starts back up. Jefferson Hope, what’s his deal? Do your magic thing.”
, to completely thrust off your personality and wrap another around you so tight that it’s a second skin? It’s the freest you can ever be, the biggest high you’ll ever experience.” John was mesmerized, watching those lips shaping gorgeous words, the passion igniting Sherlock as he spoke. His eyes were far away, and whatever they were seeing was something breathtaking. Abruptly, Sherlock seemed to snap back to himself. “And to have something as small and insignificant as the wrong prop stand in my way? I won’t allow it.”
let him know he couldn’t treat me like that, I just,” Molly sighed. “I can’t face him right now. You know?”
Irene looks at him like he’s unfathomably stupid. “John. You have a Grammy and are a literal millionaire, not to mention voted Sexiest Man Alive.”
Sherlock, 16, dunking water over himself to get John’s attention. Tugging him by the hand through alleys after a shoplifter, adrenaline singing in their veins. Snorting at John’s terrible jokes. Grown into his dramatic face, stronger, surer, and utterly
Irene takes the knob of the door and turns it before John can stop her, then slowly inches the door open a couple of inches. Sherlock’s thin figure is facing away from them, dressing gown swaying and frizzy hair bouncing with each violent stroke against his violin strings. The song is fierce and fast, so fast that Sherlock vibrates with it.
The flat looks... vacant. The walls are bare, there’s no furniture, only a few stacks of boxes laying around. After poking through the kitchen and bedroom areas to find them similarly bare, Sherlock takes out his mobile again to text his boyfriend.
Sherlock tries to duck the wig (to laughs from the audience) but she’s too quick, and Sherlock resigns himself fully to his fate. He makes eye contact with John, who is grinning delightedly at him from under his own curly wig.
Over the next few weeks, they sneak out for dates and outings whenever they can. Sherlock and John decide, with the blessing of his PR team, not to give any formal statements regarding their relationship until they want to. That doesn’t mean they don’t have a hell of a time teasing their fans in the meantime.
“HOLD!” Greg’s voice echoed through the theater over the speakers. “Sorry, Janine! Give us a second to fiddle with these lights a bit, will ya?” Janine squinted towards the back of the theater where Greg sat, and raised a thumbs up in acknowledgment. “Alright, folks,” Greg’s voice came back, this time in John’s ear. “Stay with me.  Mrs. Hudson wants to make this moment look 'a bit colder, dear.' Give me a mo’ while I figure out this light board and we’ll be back on track!”
John rolls his eyes. That was predictable. “You rebound faster than a Quaffle on a shield charm. As long as you don’t expect me to-”
Irene snorts. John scowls. Victor winks. “What man could resist, faced with a stunning beauty like you?”
John grins and flexes the black fingerless gloves he’d transfigured for himself out of an old pair of socks. “It’s what Judd Nelson wore in
John grimaces. “Can’t do Thursday. I have a double shift at- at St. Barts.” John had nearly slipped and said ‘Mungo’s’. “Saturday night?” John suggests, determined to find a time. He doesn’t want to leave this table without the solid prospect of a date in the near future.
Victor flinches, but then he straightens, looks down at John defiantly. “And whose fault do you think that is, hmm? You only trailed him along for two years when it’s obvious the boy is sick with love for
Eventually, Greg crackled through headset with a gruff, "Spot one, up on Anderson... go." John leaned forward, eager to be working at last. For a few glorious lines of dialogue, John got to do something, even if that something involved staring at Anderson, before-
“How are you, Dad?” Sherlock asks, looking at him critically. “You look thin. Did they feed you enough in hospital?”
He pins John with a look that is attempting to be serious, but keeps breaking into a smile. “Don’t worry. I have a feeling the second time will last longer.
John glares, but doesn’t argue. Usually when Irene mocks him like this, it’s because she’s about to fix everything.
Thank fuck for Irene Adler, because now the dancer, Sherlock, is looking at her instead of at John, which means John has a chance to breathe again. And sure, he’s standing here like an idiotic third wheel, shifting awkwardly from side to side while the two of them chatter on, but at least he’s not still sticking his foot in his mouth. John doesn’t remember a time, ever, when he has been this attracted to somebody this quickly. With James and Mary, he’d at least been able to form complete sentences.
Sherlock is pretending to slice vegetables as he cranes his neck around the corner. Mummy had dragged John and Dad into the sitting room and forbid Sherlock from joining them nearly ten minutes ago.
?’ Your ability to flatter exceeds itself, John. I-” Sherlock cut off as his eyes tracked something behind John.
“Yeah, I guess,” John hedges. He doesn't know what else he can say. The long hair is a pureblood tradition. He’d started wearing longer hair when he was eleven, like all the Watson men had, for generations.
what was happening on stage, mind you. But we’re all mighty curious. I’ve got cards from all your biggest fans.Greg pulled a stack of cards from his jacket and put them into John’s free hand. On the top of the stack was one from Molly, going by the hand-writing and vibrantly hand-colored flowers decorating it. “Molly couldn’t make it,” Greg gestured towards the card in question with a fond chuckle. Silence fell as John flipped through the cards. Nothing from Sherlock.
A few days before Christmas, Sherlock is thinking these thoughts sulkily as he drags his duvet into the sitting room. John has an interview on Jimmy Fallon that he wants to watch. To his surprise, the television is already tuned to the right station, and his dad is on the sofa watching the opening monologue. Gathering his duvet, Sherlock wordlessly settles in beside him.
“And I was thinking that, well. If I can’t go ten days not seeing you without losing my mind and getting on a plane to wherever you are…”
“JOHN WATSON IS BISEXUAL!” screams Molly, because this obviously cannot be declared at a lower register.
subject is taking a significant amount of press attention, I can ease off on the serial dating and ‘leaked’ naked photographs.”
“Good. I’ve had entirely too much of that.” John sniffed and they shared a small smile. Sherlock sat gingerly in the seat next to John’s bed. John itched to reach out and take Sherlock’s hand, but he resisted.
The student, who was arrested by Lestrade the day before, wasn’t talking. Or, more probable, wasn’t aware of anything. He recognized Moran’s picture but wasn’t able to name the man or to say who was really in charge and who was making the drug.
It was only weeks after Sherlock return. For the newlyweds, it felt like months! As long as time can feel when you are waiting for something, anything, to happen. As monotonously repetitive in that frustrating way that a rainy day looks and sounds exactly like another rainy day. But different in all the way a situation already shitty can become... shittier. To his brother's satisfaction, Sherlock was finally out of trouble medically. To his brother's dismay, Sherlock was still bedridden simply from the sheer number of wounds he had suffered from. As heavy painkillers were out of the question, Sherlock didn't seem to mind the suffering and wanted to remain conscious of everything around him, the only thing to do was to sleep and to frequently delicately rub anaesthetic cream on the healing wounds and wait.
“You’ve also got a spectacular black-eye as well as many ecchymoses on your legs.  Don’t know about that poor excuse of a man... And I don’t really care.” Opening his phone again, he smirks. “You are the star of Twitter once more.” Opening the app, he scrolls until he finds what he was looking for and gives Sherlock the phone.
.. Most of the pods, each one able to hold 25 people, were already full. Usually, each pod is emptied at every complete thirty minute rotation, but as tonight is a special occasion, the people were staying inside many turns so to be there for the fireworks.  Wondering when it's going to be their turn, John turns to Anthea to ask the question, not realising that an empty pod was slowly arriving.
"Maybe you can make a career of it!" Mike smiles "Got another colleague, no, not really a colleague of mine... anyway. I know someone who is really into all these things. His name is Sherlock Holmes, he works with Scotland Yard and on private cases. Have you heard of him?"
“Don’t say things like that. I don’t understand, it’s not like you... You haven’t touched anyone that doesn’t deserve it and, since other options are available, you haven’t drunk human blood even if plenty would have happily offered it to you!” Stroking his cheek to get his attention, though she could see he was slowly falling away in his Mind Palace, she knew the signs, “darling boy, you have worked on crime scenes, you have watched autopsies!”
“We spent five minutes together, and the last two I was drugged.” Sherlock smiles sardonically, “don’t think we have a special relationship yet but, you know, it’s a work in progress.”
"I don't like loose ends," the hint of pride for a job well done was lacing her voice. "I admit I was starting to think that the rumours about you being alive were only that, rumours, but I had to be sure."
Sarah’s expression softened. “Good, doctors and nurses have access to seminars once a year to learn how to tend to sick or wounded vampires. If you want, I can sign you up for the next session.”
Fighting a fit of nausea, he stops gazing at Sherlock  "I am too furious to talk to you right now. I'll talk to you when are you done being a drama queen - I didn't punch you that hard! -  and you better have a fucking good story!" Not realizing how contradictory he was being, he takes Mary's hand in his and walks out of the church.
A loved voice, the object of John’s many dreams, resonate in the open space, “of course, you idiot, what do you think it was, love? dates? As if!”
The nurse, who stayed strategically away while Mycroft was there, came back as soon as the powerful man steps in the elevator. “Doctor? Just to let you know that he’s sleeping at the moment, everything is okay, and his brother is going to pick him up at the end of the day to take him home. So, nothing to worry about.”
Rushing in direction of the door were Lestrade disappeared few minutes ago, he’s interrupted by a smug Donovan.
“You are not weird. You are not a freak. You are a wonderful man with a few quirks to keep life interesting.” The tall man’s eyes, sparkling from the vigorous exercise and sentiments, were hypnotic. Constantly changing colour. John, unable to control himself, gently brushes his eyelids and murmurs. “Can’t believe you hid those under contacts...”
The young man was so beautiful in the candlelight. His usual witty t-shirt was upgraded by a smart button-up shirt in deep purple.
"The profile says 'graduate in biochemistry', so maybe forensic or something?" Harry recalls, opening the profile in another tab. "Here you go darling, you can read it before I show you the email if you want."
"And the most horrible thing is that they never realized that the other was thinking the same..." Reminiscing about how his wife was always talking about how they could have become a great couple, he continues. "To think that I've done everything to bring them together... all for nothing."
On the morning of the thirty-first, John was alone in the living room. Apparently, Harry's 'emergency' was now a thing of the past and she was free as a bird to go for brunch and relax until the big event at midnight. He was pondering the idea of getting up to make coffee when his phone buzzes. Hoping it wasn't something related to work, he swipes across his screen happy to read that is was Mike.
Reply by Harry: On another subject, I've seen that you've got a secret admirer who loves the stars too! That's nice!
A few minutes later, a blissfully happy Greg dropped into the chair between them. “Molly, the truth, where’s your date?”
“I thought I lost you,” the doctor murmurs, his face now in the crook of Sherlock’s neck. “You are the same, you are the man I fell in love with.”
Unaware of John’s amazement that the other man was William and his relief that he looks unarmed, Sherlock rolls his eyes at the DI. “Of course, I was right.” Observing the wannabe drug dealers, he frowns in disgust. “Yes, I am working with the police, you idiots.” His tone was vindictive, the personal tool of the whole affair rushing on him at once. “God, it was so rough sometimes to control my desire to just shovel you on the floor and arrest you for stupidity.” Shaking his head at the idiocy of the man, “I think England is far from getting another Chemistry Nobel Prize as long as idiots like Holt and you have the right to be near students!” He chuckles, thinking about the classes he followed in the last few weeks, “it’s ridiculous how ANYBODY can work in education nowadays.”
"If we are going to do that, I need a fresh cup of tea! Wait for me before doing anything!" Clara, excited by the little game they were playing and really wishing for John to find his true love, jumps and rushes to the kitchen for her tea.
“You, silly man! You know that you don’t have to say the word to make it real?” Getting up to stand near his friend, Mike puts his strong hand on his shoulder and looks into his eyes with mirth. “Congratulations, Doctor John Hamish Watson, you are officially, definitely and irrevocably in love!”
Happy about the possibility of a relationship with Sherlock but full of worry because of his escape from the cemetery, he opened a kitchen cupboard for a bottle of whisky and poured two fingers in a heavy glass.
“What are you talking about, Donovan?” Sherlock swallows with difficulty, trying to think about what he said, what he’s done. The fear of John being alone, hurt, needing help. “He should have waited for clearance --”
“Your saviour, of course, Doctor John H. Watson. Ex-military extraordinaire,” the older man teases. “He’s fine, he’s asking about you.”
“I am not a child!” McAllister argues, his petulant tone effectively contradicting everything he is saying at the moment.
Choosing to continue the charade, John spits out angrily, “recruiting me for what? Who are you? What do you want from me!”
"And whose fault it is? I was late because of you!" Greg chuckles in his ear, thinking back to the lovely time they had, finally without the worry that had surrounded them since they had returned from their honeymoon/rescue mission.
, when a presence in front of him, as well as the silence around him, were finally enough to break him from his nearby trance state. The class was empty, beside him and Watson who was now sitting on the desk in front of Sherlock’s. Waiting for the young man’s attention.
The wedding was that, a cover, as a way of allowing Mycroft to leave the country on a non-government trip. A way to convince his associates that it was normal that the man who hasn't take a holiday in ten years wasn't planning something behind their backs. The invitations were sent when his brother was planning his last operation, Vienna was chosen as the meetup location. The news of his brother misfortune that he received 48 hours ago changed the plan, it's not more a meetup for a discreet return but a difficult 24 hours operation in hostile territory.  He turns as Greg exits the en-suite with a serious expression on his face. "Something wrong love?"
Looking at the stars, a feeling of peace drops over him. The sky, dark with the exception of millions of stars, reminded him of Afghanistan. A vision of his time as a soldier rushes in front of his eyes, the thrill of the adventure, the quick decision making needed on the field, the surge of protecting his platoon.
That night, Sherlock, Lucy, Marcy, Alan and a few others met at a pub near the campus. All together at the same big table, the night was going well! The discussion is full of wit and intelligent stories and the detective surprisingly finds himself enjoying his evening. So far, that bastard (Identified by Kings’ security as Harry Bidget) and that poor student he was luring in aren’t there.
, as the doctor left the cemetery with Ms. Hudson in one of Mycroft's black sedans, Greg shakes his head about his friend devastated look.  The ceremony was simple, the monument classic and elegant the only remains of Sherlock Holmes' life.
Chuckling silently at the idea of his brother in blue jeans, Sherlock was nonetheless happy for him.
wife." He shakes his head, troubled "How could I've been so careless! It took me less than 2 hours to uncover enough for --!"
"Oh, don't be sorry... " Laughing with relief that a logical explanation existed for the fact that this extraordinary looking man kept showing up in his ordinary life, even if his own soul was slowly falling into the realm of the mystical, he nods. "Of course. Harry."
“It was filmed, it is public assault Sherlock. They have no choice. You’ve only free of charge because a staggering amount of people said that he attacked you first… even if we know that’s not true!” Mycroft sighs and shakes his head, placing his hands on the handle of his umbrella.
Sherlock was about to get another talk down when he was saved by the bell. Literally.  Laughing, the old lady goes down the stairs to open the door to John.
“Everyone of importance knows that you are a great” he stops as Sebastian raises an eyebrow, “... the best sniper, Moran.” Sherlock argues while shaking his head as the criminal offers him a cigarette, “you’ve been quite discreet over the last two years, did someone get you on a leash?”
When he returned, less than two minutes later, the room was empty. Running to his brother's rooms, he found them empty as well,
He was just leaving the ballroom when a voice interrupts his steps. “Sherlock!” The detective turns on the spot as Mike was running after him, heaving a bit. “Sherlock, wait!”
"But I am ready now to let someone in, as I think that the addition of someone in my life is going to complete me as a human being. Even if of course each human is whole on their own and not
Don’t worry, I added him to the count. If he honours us with his presence I’ve got a place for him. GL
As Clara's smile drops, Harry engulfs the cute tiny woman in her arms. "Don't be sad, darling, he's going to know it when the right one shows up!"
"No, no... I'm going." Getting out of the car, the detective never realized that the rain was pouring, effectively destroying the usual order of his curls or the neatness of his appearance. Walking slowly, he stops in front of the door, looking at the door knocker without being able to touch it. The image of the Baker Street knocker, that he constantly pushed crooked because John liked it that way, springs to his mind.
“October 31st, the Halloween Party of the veterans committee!” Another one shouted from the other side of the big table, “you bring your date!”
“Yes, if the judge is not a moron, the case against the killer is pretty solid,” Sherlock confirmed, satisfied with the work they have done in the last few hours.
"What are you talking about?" The shock of seeing his 'dead' friend was stored away for a later time when he will have time to think, but his eyes were tired, "Don't... Greg, you know better than this. Don't fall for their game. Holmeses are... You know. You'll only get destroyed in their path."
“No, not really. Sorry mate. I’m too bored. Anyway, sorry to say Captain, but you can’t do a lot against me right now.” Over the pain, the smirk is audible.
Sherlock is still trying to find a way to come back - if the thought of his John with another man is repulsive, the idea that he may one day be aware of his not so pristine past is even worse – when one of the guards rushing inside the room stops his chain of thoughts.
"Yes, waiting in a discreet spot until it's time to join us on our plane." not releasing his hold on his husband, he explains "they are going to do a first cleaning of the wounds, stabilizing everything that needs to... but he needs to be in a hospital and far away from this place as soon as possible."
, breeches. “Oh... Captain, you ARE really happy to see me...” Sherlock laughed lewdly, stalking him predatorily, eyeing the evidence that John approved of his disguise.
the young man thinks – to his dismay - that he suddenly sorely misses his usual suit. For the first time since the beginning of the case, he is feeling unprotected without his usual armour of wool and silk.
And just like that, Doctor John H. Watson, ex-army surgeon, ex-captain in Her Majesty’s Army knows he’s in trouble.
After Greg and Mycroft plotting and sightseeing in Vienna... Sherlock is on his way back home. (A small chapter to explain how they did it before returning to the present day)
"I'm on my way to a meeting outside of the office, today of all day poor me, and I decided to come and see how you're doing." Sitting at the kitchen table, he smiles as John pours coffee. "Thanks, mate!"
“Oh dear! I was so afraid!!! That bastard McAlister! I don’t understand how it is possible that he’s still at Kings, he’s such a troublemaker!” The young woman makes honeyed eyes at Sherlock, clearly enamoured with the man but her tentative flirtation is cut short by Lucy’s indignation.
After that exchange, nothing new for two days except a reply to his own comment. Not able to stop himself any longer, he finally clicks on the discussion below the December 24th comment to read what John Watson wrote.
Rapidly, he surveyed his wardrobe until he found the purple shirt he was looking for. A nice designer pair of jeans and a suit jacket and he was ready to go.
“Hey, asshole, if you want to fight two against two, I’m your man. But for now, get your hands of him!” (It sounded really nice in John’s head, but as he is prettily smashed it is unfortunately not completely clear.) The doctor angrily peruses his student’s body for injuries. One of the men is keeping him immobilized, holding him by stretching his arms behind his back. The position shouldn’t be a challenge for Sherlock, but a previous blow to his torso is causing him pain. Raising his head, he simply looks at the doctor with a small smile as a drop of blood drops from the corner of his mouth.
“Watson?” John’s friend called, waiting to get the doctor’s attention before continuing, “we found our candidate.” With a Machiavellian smile, he discreetly pointed his hand in the direction of the tall and breathtaking man who had entered the establishment a moment ago. “Come on, do your magic.”
"I might drown, but it's okay if you're here to bringing me back to life." The timid smile and the heat in Sherlock's eyes were the only confirmations that John needs before pulling the tall man down for a kiss.
“This is a nice example, thanks!” Nodding fatherly at the blushing student, he raises his chin and surveys the room. “So... you are all bright and curious! Does anyone have an idea? How could we be sure that the head trauma was perimortem or postmortem?” As a cacophony of replies is shouted from every corner of the room, Watson laughs and imposes the silence by lifting his hand. “Most hospitals don’t have equipment that advanced! You have watched CSI one time too many, all of you!” He waited for the class’ laughter to subdued to ask again “So, no one have an idea less expensive for the poor taxpayers?”
Annoyed at Greg’s lack of control, Mycroft hand tightens on his umbrella. “So, I guess I won’t be able to convince you not to go to your little
Even though he was unlisted, finding Doctor Watson's address had taken only a few minutes. Checking the schedule of the next train to Portsmouth, taking the half-an-hour ferry ride, getting a room, a car already waiting for him in the parking... all that in only a few hours.
"Thanks, love." With her other hand, she clicks on her email account to open the email she received from LondonSleuth.
“Have fun, Holmes, I’m kind of sorry that I won’t be there when they arrive.” He smirks, “a bit sad that I won’t be able to see your humiliation when your good friends from the Met are going to find you trussed to a bed like a little bitch.”   He promptly put his things and paper in a bag, “and don’t worry about the drugs. The fun is over, and it’s served its cause. It’s over.”
“Everything is fine, I simply forgot that I had an appointment, that’s all.” The first year Med student is nice and thankfully not an idiot, and Sherlock is feeling a bit sad at the idea of lying to him once again.
Smiling, the doctor sat in a stool next to his friend, now editor. It was still weird for him to have a business relationship with his university mate, Mike… but he accepted the drink with a good spirit and lifted his glass at the glory of his hero success.  Not really listening to Stamford babbling about book clubs and paperback re-editions, the familiar feeling of being a fraud seized his mind.
John stops him, giggling again at the beautiful, clueless man, “catching a killer was your way out if I wasn’t there or if it was too awkward? Asking a friend to call you wasn’t enough?”
"That..." he points at the computer. "That blog you showed me!" The disgust in his voice was clearly audible.
Lifting his head, Holmes narrows his eyes at the shorter man. “You don’t look impressed, Doctor Watson,”
“Or what?” Sherlock asks, not wanting to give them hold on him and tired of the little games they were pulling on him.
Stepping back and holding a hand before him, he shook his head, “we don’t have time for shenanigans, later, I promise.”
"Oh, darling... It's because of you." John rolls his eyes at the cooing sounds before his sister gets back to the matter in hand. "Yes, where do the people go to meet someone? There must be at least one decent pub?"
"I'm interested in anything that can help you think about something else..." His tone became softer as he sits closer. "You are so brave, you know... I can only imagine the pain you are in right now or the memories that plague your nights. I can't take them away from you and it's killing me. But I can try to do everything that I can to help you manage the weeks to come and, if you want, I... I know someone who can help you to deal with the --"
"John is bi anyway. Never had anything really serious with a man, or with a woman, so everything is still open." Thinking about the missing picture, she sighs. "The lack of a picture is more troublesome, but as most of the picture are either trash or too flattering to be real, it's not a big deal. Ready to read the message?"
“What?” Greg looks at Mycroft, his mouth remaining slightly opens in amazement. “And you know that...”
"He's your friend, you are the reason we are invited." He knew that their relationship had recovered a bit, now that John was over the somewhat cold reception Mary had received at their wedding but Mycroft wasn't a fool.
First muttering something about “the boss’ bloody little pet project,” the man finally replies that it wasn’t his business before walking impatiently in John’s direction. “Wakey-wakey doctor,” he tears the blindfold away in one harsh move “Time to talk!”
Feeling a bit bad, he tried to cheer her up, “you are in perfect shape, Ms Maxwell, you are going to outlive all of us!”
"Okay... But I don't understand what wrong to let chance do its thing." Clearing his voice, he starts over again "Sleepless at Yaverland. Man, in his late thirties, looking for a man or woman. Single for too many years, mainly because of time abroad for work, I am now ready to open my heart and soul to someone. I used to live in London, and I am dying of boredom in the middle of nowhere. Will you be the one to give me a reason to get up in the morning? To move on? I love good simple food, walking and observing nature, my work is important for me. But above all, my mind is looking for peace. So, what do you think? Do you want to be my safe harbour?" Unable to restrain himself, Greg starts laughing. " Poor man, this is dry as --"
He knew that it was a lie, that it wasn't his fault, that he had defeated great criminals alone, without any support besides sporadic communications from his brother. That he was captured at the 10th hour of an infernal pursuit in the cold and the woods against dogs and mercenaries.
The idea that they were in the middle of a street (thankfully car-free) and the thought that people and CCTV were all around weren’t enough to stop them.
“Sherlock! I can’t believe it! It’s called an RSVP for a reason!” Quickly getting her phone out she texts Greg.
But it wasn't what John wanted for now. Quivering with desire, he moans until he was able to finally talk to the divinity who was spread over him, hovering like an angel. “Take me... Please... I’m all yours...” The lips on his shoulder smile, chuckling softly, sending another wave of shivers that resonate directly to his sex. “It's not funny...” The doctor voice was harsh as he swallows hard. “You... you teased me long enough...”
After a pause, when Sherlock closed the numerous tabs and files opened on his computer, they both talk at the same time.
Snapping out of his trance, he jumps in the shower where the cold water was finally enough to clear his hangover and the last remains of his dream... Taking comfort from the idea that a big case was perfect to calm his imagination and focus Sherlock's attention elsewhere. Not realizing that this morning was the first step towards a fall into a nightmare worse than anything he lived through since he came back from war.
“Yes, we matched him with someone in our database, his name is Sebastian Moran. He’s an army ex-colonel, now known as the right-hand man of the leader of a criminal organisation.” Looking at the screen of his phone, he shows a photo to Sherlock, “that’s him, right?”
Why not! Let me know what you are thinking about and I'll see if I'm free." Sherlock enthusiasm was obvious, to Mike's satisfaction.
"Ohhhh... youtubing again!" She playfully slaps him on the arm while giving him his tea. "I have a good feeling about this one." She knew how hard it had been for her new tenant to find a flatmate.
Suddenly rightfully angry at the man he had been day-dreaming of every time he wanked for nearly two years now, John wasn't able to keep up a facade. "Don't you dare '
“Just to tell you thank you for your intervention.” Extending his hand for a handshake, the appreciation real, Mycroft smiles and continues after a small pause, “my brother is a difficult... young man, it’s good to know that he’s isn’t hated by all his
"Maybe Scotland Yard won't be inclined to prosecute, but the press will have an early Christmas!" She grinned maniacally, as she added "not to mention the news of your return... Oh, the amount of money they are going to do on the back of poor John!"
And yes, Molly read over the autopsy report and it’s a match to all the kids who died from that shit. GL
, he finds a little door on the side of the church and hides, waiting for the end of the ceremony to...
"You are a darling, but we both know it's not true." John laughs, thinking of his leg, his shoulder, his nightmares, his locum work...
following John as he steps outside the bedroom to get to the car that was waiting for him in front of Stamford's house. His wife suddenly appears at his side and slides her hands inside his.
"Oh! I've been up there many times! It's quite romantic, don't you think?" The pathologist, happy that Mycroft was able to set up everything on such a short notice, couldn't stop grinning.
"Yes, but I think he's not that good at that 'doing nothing' thing. Maybe later on, but now he needs something or someone or he's going to become ancient before he turns forty!" Clara objects.
The detective stepped back, afraid of the resolution in John’s demeanour, “don’t go all... all smug on me! You are crazy, you should run away from me, not invade my... my lair!”.
"No, for a genius, you are very slow. The idea is for you to kill yourself, but if needs must..." Her little gun was pointing at Sherlock's head.
"Where's Mycroft?" She murmurs, pointing at the vacant place near her friend. "Is everything all right at
“Murray! You must be crazy,” he muttered quickly his eyes unable to look away from the sexiest man alive, “he’s out of my league!”
Sherlock, too lost to care about the stress he was giving his brother, was already a few streets away quickly searching for where the wedding was taking place before jumping in a taxi. He took great care, instinct kicking in, to avoid the CCTV. He knew that Mycroft wasn't stupid and that it was evident that he was going to get to the ceremony, he didn't try to block the trace on his phone, so any minutes that he could have on him were important! Rushing the cab by using all the shortcuts he remembers as well as coercing him to drive a bit above the limit, he was able to get to the church in a record time.
“You, bastard!” John is about to push the lanky git away and shout about how ‘not good’ it is to taunt an ex-soldier when Lestrade, Anderson and Donovan enter the room.
McAlister, still angry about the way Sherlock turned him down twice, spits loudly enough for John to hear, “and what was the plan for Watson? He was only a pawn to get info from?”
Laughing softly at his friend, the wall of pretence around John's heart crumbled, turning his voice in a soft murmur. "I love him so much, Mike... I can't believe he's still alive."
"Will do, Gregory, when it's all over, when my brother is safe... Tonight, I just want to feel your warmth all around me."
With a little smile, the young man forgets his anxiety for one moment to tease his 'not his housekeeper. "Let's see, as the 'bookkeeper of a drug cartel, or an exotic dancer..."
“Gallagher, what the Hell are you doing here!” The doctor murmurs angrily before voices coming from the outside force them to remain silent.
"Nothing... He bloody said nothing!" Greg uttered sadly. "Mycroft decided to stay with him to be sure that he stays put."
"Is everything nice? What have you done so far?" Clara asks with glee. "Walks on the beach? Watching the stars? I bet the sky is marvellous without all the luminosity from the city! I can't wait for us to go down there!"
“Call all of our cabs needed to cover the different exits at the South of the park. They must stay there, ready to go!”
Blinking a few times, he looks around to find a street name, his photographic knowledge of all streets and alleyways curiously gone for a moment. He sighs when a black Sedan parks in front of him.
“Better listen to your sister, Doctor Watson, bring the envelope to the Palace Casa in Cartagena and don’t talk to the police.” The ominous voice said, chuckling, “if you love your sister of course.”
John clears his throat to chase away any hint of a shaking voice “Sorry, I don’t think I remember seeing you...” Quickly looking at his newly updated students’ list, he groans silently.
p.s. But if he misreads the situation and you are seriously wishing to learn more about him, meet him December 31st at midnight, under the London Eye. We will find a way to get him there ;-)
Already on edge, he really didn’t like to be touched except in a fight, Sherlock nearly jumps when a voice enters his ear thru the nearly invisible receiver.
Stuttering, Sherlock ghosts his lips over John's ear, "I think we should go back home..." Pressing his body upon his lover, the drenched clothes hiding very little, he smirks smugly at John's response that comes in the form of a deep moan. "So, it's a yes..." he chuckles, sending a pool of warmth all over John's body despite the cold rain. "But let me ask one thing." Peppering kisses all over his beloved's perfect face and blond hair, he continues, "after we are dry, after we spent a lot of time taking back the time we lost, do you think your wish to 'not being a husband'..." stopping John's exclamation with an heated
Turning to Gregory, to excuse himself before leaving, he finds that the detective is looking at him with a bright smile, full of not so subtle emotions.
"Nothing, nothing..." Molly rushes to promptly closes the tab with Sherlock's profile before he was able to see anything.
"No, never seen him before..." Unable to lie to himself, he mutters, "but he was so fucking beautiful! Never seen a man so.... so... not just sexy or fit, but..." John was clearly looking for the right words without being able to find them. "At the pier, he was focussed but lost in his thoughts at the same time. Moving with a goal, a determination that I haven't felt myself since Afghanistan." Rising from the table, he walks to a window in the front of the house, looking at the road. Not realizing that he has left his walking stick behind. "And then, not even two hours later, he was standing there, in the middle of the road. I don't know why... he was looking at me, transfixed. Magnificent."
Sherlock was in the kitchen, drinking tea while looking at the back garden. His mind was quiet, for the first time since the ordeal at the church... The light background noise of Mycroft's housekeeper - who was doing her weekly thorough clean-up, agreeably reminds him of home.
"Mary Watson, please, I've suffered enough for it." She waits for a few seconds and succumbs to curiosity. "Don't try to be clever, what did I miss?"
Looming over the smaller man, the detective murmurs in his ear, "I know that you are a former captain of Her Majesty's Army, that you have a psychosomatic limp, that you are a great doctor, but a better human being, that an isolated life isn't for you but that you are perfect for me. And I want to be the man who's going to help you see the beauty in the stars again..."
To everyone's surprise, John and Sherlock, especially, to say the least,  it went spectacularly well. They quickly fall into a sort of routine. Cases, eating take-out, fighting over body parts in the fridge and the curious case of the vanishing milk... John was blogging like a madman, trying to keep up with their crazy life.
Wanting to act as naturally as possible, he adds."And the house is so wonderful now that we changed a few things to incorporate my taste..." He wasn't missing his tiny apartment at all."The kitchen by itself is bigger than my entire old flat!"
Being an outcast, the constant pressure of being a brilliant student added to the weight of his own particular skill set, his bravado hiding his fragility. All this culminating into the worst year of his life. Using his lab to recreate drugs for his personal use, to be sure of the quality of what he was using, until being high wasn’t enough to dull his mind. Until he went too far. Shivering at the memory of his time in detox, he turns his reflection once more toward Holt’s little prodigy.
"Fuck!  What the Hell are you doing here, you told me that --" his rant stops instantly when he realises that Sherlock was at the door, not Simpson. "Sherlock... Is that you, really you?"
“I’ve got an offer for you...” his voice is only audible to Sherlock, but clear enough to be captured by Scotland Yard team, “I heard that you are a proper genius, I need you to do my next assignment in Holt class.”
“Okay, the day is over!” Lestrade said, massaging his neck. “We have everything that we need to close the case.”
"Why do you want me dead? I'm not a threat to your life with John, he clearly doesn't want to talk to me again..."
As the detective turned on his heel to walk out of the pub, John laughed incredulously, “just like that?”
changed it to recently." Unable to say no to DI Lestrade, Mycroft was in charge of getting Sherlock to the London Eye at midnight.
Speechless, worrying about John, Sherlock didn't ask Simpson to change his route. Humming softly, the wise man keeps driving in direction of the Stamford house in Fulham.
"Yes, two trucks went down the road and when they were gone, he wasn't there anymore." He tries to remember the car, anything, but wasn't able to do so!
"Yes," he mutters to himself "I'm really happy for him. I should write him a letter or something. Isn't what people do My'?"
Two hours later, they were seated at a round table with some of the Met's finest – Greg couldn’t let his officers away from the celebration – and Sherlock was bored. Knowing that the mix of elements was dangerous, Molly promptly swept Sherlock to the dance floor as soon as the meal was finished. They danced for hours, the pathologist enjoying her Brendon-free evening –
"When I think that all the effort we put to get both of you at our wedding!" He chuckles at the memories. "You were 24 hours away from being deployed, Sherlock doesn't like anything that can be called remotely social..."
Sipping his tea – the kettle a temporary (unknown) “loan” from the communal kitchen – he opens his computer to see if he is able to find something more when he stumbles onto Watson’s web site. The picture on his blog is the first thing that stirs something.
The DI, who was reading a really boring autopsy report, smiles at his friend. "What is it, Molly? That band that you like is going to play in London?"
Talking louder, she continues "John, we are going to leave you alone now, as it's what you think you want. Talk to you next Saturday. Love you, little brother, take care."
He remembers with confusion the last real discussion he had with John, in that same pub, weeks earlier.
“It was way more powerful that he thought...”, the TA murmurs, more subdued now that he knows that everything was discovered. “He was afraid of the risk of overdose and long term consequence for users. He threatened to tell, and to stop producing the drug.”
“Only magazines or websites and only in writing. That was my deal and I’m still holding you to it. And I am not talking about being a doctor, I don’t want people to add one and one and find me.”
That afternoon, Clara and Harry were walking down the beach, dressed as if they were in Antarctica. "God, it's freezing. But it's beautiful, I must admit... my brother chose a nice place to hide."
"Yes, maybe... but I don't understand why he still has a job! A 4-year old child would be able to take better pictures!" As his phone lightly buzzes again, he grabs it with a hint of impatience as the pathologist left in search of coffee.
"It's okay," John apologizes, stars in his eyes. "I didn't know either, that I was waiting for you..."
"In the middle of winter, most of those places are closed," John reminds his sister to get her off his back.
“Yes, yes, and I think you are going to like what I have planned!” His luminous smile brightened the dark atmosphere of the rainy day. “It’s only five minutes away.”
A bit far from the movie... but no worries! It's going to end in the traditional kiss-in-the-pouring-rain :-)
After having changed his mind four or five times, driving the cab driver crazy, Sherlock was finally strong enough (or too much of a coward) to go directly to Baker Street instead of John’s flat. Slowly, he opened the door and – without being able to stop himself – he knocked softly at Ms Hudson’s door. At the sadness in her ward’s eyes, she quickly engulfed him in her arms, rocking back and forth to calm the young man who was now sobbing earnestly. “What’s wrong...” She knew better than to say that Mycroft had called to inform her that it wasn’t a good night for his younger brother.
A small smile on his lips, Mycroft points the tele, “I think he does not need help anymore, don’t you think?”
Panicking at the idea of being drugged with the addictive Bliss and Oblivion, Sherlock tries to push the strong man away but with both hands tied and heavy harm immobilizing his legs it is nearly impossible! He winces as the needle enters his bicep, feeling the fog overtake his senses nearly instantly.
“He’s brilliant, funny, does not act like a teenager like many young adults nowadays, you know what I mean?” He smiles, thinking about the discussion in his class about forensic, “and when he likes something, his eyes sparkle! He’s vivacious, bright... I could listen to him for hours.”
“Sherlock... Now... Please...” The detective remains silent but starts showering him with little kisses, licking and gently biting his nipples. Unable to control himself but wondering how is it possible to already be naked, John jerks into his friend firm torso, rubbing his length on the thin but firm frame of Sherlock. A naked Sherlock. An
Lost for words, unable to fight the pull he felt towards John, Sherlock gasped, “you don’t understand -”
“Yes,” Anderson nods, “that it. I just rewound one of the videos a bit and that’s exactly what happened.” He is watching Mycroft Holmes in awe, dumbfounded at the idea that someone is already aware of everything. He promptly hands his boss the phone.
“I’m so sorry John... so so sorry.” Motioning to the street around them, he apologizes, “it wasn’t supposed to be like that… we were supposed to be in the restaurant, I didn’t plan anything!” He pauses as pink appears on his cheeks, “of course I gave that address not far from Angelo’s to the killer, so I knew that it was an option –”
Tribute to his military background, he was locking his door fifteen minutes later.  Rushing down the stairs, one of his meddling neighbours stopped him.
Shaking his head, he tries to push away the comforting thought, but the only result was the return of his headaches. "I'm arguing with myself, not good. Am I schizophrenic now? Maybe I really do need a psychiatrist or something." Now back in his bed, he closes his eyes dreaming of the days before all this, dreaming of his home, dreaming of his John...
Entering the lobby, Sherlock purchased two tickets and they start the ascension to the first part of the visit, the garret. It was a medium size room covering a history of Victorian medicine. From drugs and herbs to terrible looking medical instruments. John was excited, as he read all the descriptions, touched whatever he was allowed to, explaining to the detective the current methods that replace them.
.” The weight on the last word is obvious, the message clear. Before walking away from the desk, he murmurs “go home, Doctor Watson, he’s in no danger whatsoever besides dying of boredom and you need a good night of sleep. Anyway, you have only a little room left before you start having trouble with the Dean, do yourself a favour, leave now.”
Sherlock was about to reply with something sappy when he heard John’s stomach rumble and chuckled at the inconvenience of his humanity.
"John is no damsel in distress," Sherlock rises slowly, keeping his hands still on his side. "He will be able to survive a bit of bad publicity."
“This is the only option, and as someone told me years ago, that once you eliminate the impossible -”
“Don’t leave, maybe a few pints are what it takes to warm your cold arse, Freak! My offer is still valid, but this time you’re the one who’s going to –”
The London Planetarium is a part of Ms Tussaud 'attraction park' and is not showing astronomical show anymore but 3D film. The real planetarium in London is now in Greenwich.
Rushing to his phone - while urging himself not to jump in the first boat to scream at his sister in person - John taps Harry's number quickly! As soon as his unusually demure sister replies, he shouts, "HARRY WATSON! WHAT THE HELL HAVE YOU DONE!!"
With a last glance at his phone, he smiles, “grab your popcorn dear, we’re going to Scotland Yard! Inspector Lestrade is having a viewing party!”
Appleton looks at Sherlock with horror, pulling on his handcuffed hands to get away from the policeman holding him, “You, you.... you worked with the police? You BASTARD!”
"I know love, but I only want him to be as happy as we are." She looks at Clara with fondness as she murmurs, "and being stuck there doesn't help! Half of the population, especially this time of year, is over sixty! It's why he was able to find a job so easily. He craves action, which is why he went in the army!"
His thoughts were interrupted by a hysteric Anthea (Mycroft’s opinion, not mine) “Mister Holmes! He’s taking is bloody phone out of his pocket!” Grabbing her boss harm, she laughs as The Science of Deduction appears on her surveillance screen “He’s reading the bloody blog! Finally! God, men are useless sometimes!”
Multiple phone calls and texts from Molly, starting as soon as 10 AM, ensure that Sherlock was ready on time even if he barely slept the night before. He was still enthralled by his experiment but was (almost) gladly putting it aside for Lestrade. Even if... He still doesn’t know why the least idiotic member of the Met was marrying a serial adulterer.
“Yes, totally exclusive, I can definitively live with that. In fact, I want the same, as I am particularity possessive of you myself if you hadn’t noticed.”
Blinking his eyes for show, John waits a few seconds before he actually turns toward the man in front of him. He was a strong looking man, a few inches taller than himself. His short hair, his posture, the look on his face, everything screams military to John. His voice hoarse from disuse and thirst, he articulates with an indignant tone “What’s going on? Is this a prank?”
As the car turns into Battersea Station, John rolls his eyes at the theatricality of the setup. He knew the possibility that he could be kidnapped by the drug dealers was high, but he wasn’t that worried.
"It must be worse than I thought if even you are asking forgiveness... twice." John jokes darkly. He was on the verge of turning on his heel to leave them to their secrets when Simpson runs towards them.
Knowing exactly what the younger man did, John chuckles. The idea of the mighty mystery man receiving a dressing down from his younger brother is particularly... charming.
"Why aren't you asking one of your lackeys?" The detective frowns, not knowing what to think of his brother's unusual behaviour.
Scoffing at Ella's comment (You don't! You are going good John, just keep on doing this and it's going to be easier.
Mycroft, stressed by the risk to his brother, wasn't in the mood to sugarcoat anything. "Your wife is a former, and it seems still, professional assassin; she used to work with Moriarty, was probably one of the snipers at the pool; she was with you at first to be sure that Sherlock was dead, and now she's planning to end the job. Any more questions?"
"You are an idiot! Do you know what's going to happen if he knows your little plan!” The man’s voice is heavy, strong, but edged with fear. “The boss won’t like it, not at all!”
"When you find the real one, everything becomes magical." Her eyes were full of sparkles as she looks at Harry with a big smile.
“It’s... it’s not that serious. I’m not sick or anything. Harry’s still doing fine, as far as she’s able to remain sober, it’s just... that...” Drinking a few sips to summon the courage to talk, he closes his eyes and mutters quickly, “I-think-I’m-falling-in-love-with-a-student.”
The pathologist, clearly exasperated by the man's comments about her job, bluntly said. “Remove your hand, please.” Laughing, as if it was a joke, Brendon left his hand on her knee with an indulgent smile.  “I. Said. Remove. Your. Hand.”
Focussing solely on the little table, certainly waiting for that third man!, he never saw a familiar figure entering the pub.
Finally, John is back to being a soldier! I'm sure that, in another circumstance, Sherlock is going to love his captain voice ;-)
Re-reading the message of the anonymous that his sister posted, a slight smile appears in John's face.
After a nod, the old man turns towards the groom. "And you John, do you know of any lawful impediment why you, John Hamish Watson may not be joined in matrimony to Mary Elizabeth Morstan?" After a minute, the small gathering starts to murmurs as John remains silent. "John?"
"It's... it's nothing... I don't know what to say." And, without being able to stop himself, he tells her the strange string of events.
Letting go of his fear, the brunet smiles shyly. "Yes, because I sorted out something of my own when you were at the altar."
Next: A little break from romcom adaptation as I'm going for a second part to my vamp!lock story (#7 How to lose a guy in 10 days: Vamp!Lock AU) Stay tuned!
Clara, pushing Harry over a bit, finds a space to hug John as well. "Hey, brother-in-law, really happy to see you."
His thoughts were interrupted when the car slows down near the curb. The chauffeur promptly runs out of the car to open the door to a new passenger.
Curious, even if she was a bit angry that Harry was laughing at her romantic view of love at first sight, she drops back next to her on the sofa. "Have you received something interesting?"
"Hmmm... John. I think you've got the wrong bed. But, anyway, you're probably too tired to walk up the stairs... Take it, I'll sleep on the sofa if..."
“Going to go home then...” John sighs and drops his now cold coffee in the bin before one last longing look to the door where he knows William was resting
After a moment, seeing that the man wasn’t getting out, Sherlock quickly opens the door with his lockpick kit and enters as well, surprised by the total darkness.
After a shower, a bit longer than usual but certainly not because of one ex-army doctor, he is ready to leave.
As the car drives away silently away from the old industrial building, Lestrade walks out from behind the wall, a smirk on his face. “Oh God, I really
"Mister Holmes," she froze, not knowing what to say and unsure if the man  had heard what she just said. "I'm just taking the opportunity to congratulate the DI on your wedding... Sorry that I wasn't able to attend... I was on duty and..."
"You know... that I still have that message that I found interesting?" As her brother rolls his eyes, she shakes her head and raises her hand in defeat. "Okay, okay, I won't say anything. Do you have any other... prospects?" Harry says lightly, watching her brother over her glass of sparkling water.
“Colonel,” the new voice says at John’s surprise, “the boss asked me to give you someone for keep.” He chuckles as the noise of someone being drags nearby echoes in the room, “where do you want the package? It’s a special guest, as you know, don’t think he wants him on the cold floor of the warehouse.”
“Everything alright, mate?” Mike asks, when they finally stop in front of the pub. “You’re usually more talkative.” A little joyful smirk appears on the man’s lips. “Is this about a laaaaaaady? Or more serious about a gentlemaaaaan?” He always knew that John was bi and has always been convinced that his friend would be better fitted with a man.
He shivers of disgust at the images of young users, crying for the pain to stop and for the bliss to come back.
"Yes, it's going to be interesting..." John replies politely, not acknowledging the beauty of the woman as he used to do.  A cute woman joins them a few minutes later.
Waving his man away, the sleek criminal prowls on the other seat to sit near the detective and murmurs, “so sorry my pet, won’t be able to talk to you now, I’ve got to go to work... Five minutes it's not enough...”, as his prisoner tries to talk, he carefully places a finger on his mouth, “shhhhh, don’t worry, it’s only a sedative. Don’t want to destroy your great mind! I’m surrounded by idiots, I won’t risk it!” Holmes, now unable to move or talk, is quickly sinking further away into oblivion as two men drag him inside the building.
“Yes, I am.” The young man interrupts with a wave of his good arm. “This is important, they are... they are selling drugs Mycroft. Targeting the young and...” He slowly turns his head away, a cold rage pooling inside him, “they are targeting the young My’, new users, selling that shit as if it was the solution to everything. The solution to... to the misery that their life is.”
Thinking about the silliness of it all and how it’s going to end in tears and a split mortgage, Sherlock let his mind wander towards the last wedding he had attended.
Mike looks at Sherlock, still on the floor, Mycroft, holding his head in his lap, utters a choked "Take care of him... I need to be with John right now... but... Oh my God... he's really... alive." Stumbling on his feet, he rushes behind John and Mary.
“How banal, this is really your first question?” The deception is clearly audible in the lightly Irish accented voice. Shaking his head, the man caresses the leather seat, “you don’t want to know about the drugs?”
Sherlock was inside his room at the Ryde Castle Hotel, looking at the glorious view on the tormented water without being able to appreciate any of it.
“Yes, yes, let’s go to my office.”  Greg nervously puts down his coffee and leads the way to his office. As soon as the door closes after the two men, Mycroft attacks.
Chuckling sadly, she kisses him on the cheek. "John has the right to have a life outside of Sherlock's memory."
"Hey, don't say things like that..." The man sits at the end of the bed, patting John's feet. "At least you know where your man is! You just have to patch things up and you're good to go!" Not realizing his friend's look of panic at being called on something he thoughts was his secret "... and you know we tried so hard that I don't think that we are going to be really happy if you muck up the chance that you have to start over."
The student, deliberately stopping Sherlock’s walk when he is alone in a narrow corridor, is refreshingly direct. “Hey, mate! You’re that guy, yes. Gallagher? That genius who roasted Holt?”
He wasn't a doctor but, at first sight, the damage was extensive. Surveying the tortured body of his younger brother he was unable to stifle a shiver. One broken arm, broken ribs, eyes rimmed with filth - probably an infection of some sort - and his feet, bloody and raw from many small razor thin cuts, his way too thin body covered in bruises and small wounds. And his back...
Laughing, the DI pushes a fresh beer in front of John. "That bad? Talk to me... Did he set the kitchen table on fire again?"
An amused voice coming from the door makes them jump in surprise, “ETA, 7 minutes if the traffic lights are on his side.”
As they both remained immobile, thousands of Londoners walking joyfully around them, the detective's phone starts buzzing. And buzzing. And ringing.
“Nothing, something silly about the rebellious coffee machine.” She chuckled, something new in her eyes. “Oh… If you are not tired, it’s because you are thinking about something… or someone.”
Suddenly in front of each other, in the middle of the teeming crowd, the vampire was finally able to add more data to his analysis.
Lost in his thoughts, he hung his coat, removed his muddied shoes and was already beelining in direction of the bathroom for a shower when a voice stopped him.
Getting out his keys, he put a hand on the doorknob when – to his surprise – the door opened by itself. Suddenly sober, he frowned.
Impressed by the strength of his brother's mind, able to resist to what looks like weeks of torture, Mycroft was praying for a swift and calm flight. Positioning himself near his brother's ear, the stench of his infected wounds nearly insupportable, he murmurs g ently,"you only needs to be courageous a few more hours, brother mine, you are going to be home soon."
The disagreeable man is quickly forgotten when someone yells, “oh my God, he’s at the entrance of the park!”
“Yes?” Certain that it was a hospital official or worse, security, John turns to face the man. Instantly feeling every inch as old, disheveled, hungover and sleep deprived that he is. The tall man is so clean and proper that it was hurting his eyes.
He pushes away a quiver of disgust at the thought when the man rises slowly from his chair and walks out.
"No, I thought that as Sleepless was interested in either man or woman... maybe still a bit in the closet..."
Sherlock’s stunned look wasn’t what he expected! “So sorry, I didn’t want to startle you... Or maybe you do not like PDA...” As the tall man remained silent, John continues his lame attempt, “It’s true that we are nowhere near PDA anyway and, Oh God, I am so sor -”
Holding his hand, the government man stirs Greg to the little desk in the room where he left his computer. "Do you want to go over everything one last time?"
“So, he’s attractive... anything else?” Mike chides softly, wanting to be sure that it wasn’t only an infatuation.
His mind suddenly stops churning as nothing was more important than absorbing the sight of the thousand little lights visible between the buildings. He feels himself start to relax and opening his phone again, before he can stop himself, he types out:
"Yes but..." his voice drops down a notch as he moved closer to Mycroft "He doesn't know about Sherlock, he's still in love with him! I am sure of it."
"No, nothing wrong and the woman we known as Mary Morstan is still in custody somewhere..." The idea of a 'secret prison' was unbelievable to the policeman and he didn't like the calm tone Mycroft used sometimes when he replies 'you don't really want to know, love,' to some of Greg's questions.
“We are going to find you someone, right now!” Murray laughed, unsteady on his feet as he stood up a bit too quickly.
"Yes... sorry. I... I not good with these things and..." He pauses, looking away, before stuttering out, "it's my fault, I shouldn't have come to the church. I'm so sorry that I ruined your wedding day." He turns and attempts to make a beeline for the car when John's hand on his shoulder stops him.
And suddenly he realizes. The blood isn’t only from the other soldier, it’s his. Turning slowly, he looks at his shoulder with a professional and distant eye.
“He didn’t read Holmes’ blog and it looks like he is presently walking as far away as possible from Angelo’s.” A dozen of sad exclamations and not so nice adjectives for the poor doctor resonate in the room.
. Sherlock, alone in a corner table at Angelo’s is waiting for John, second-guessing the moment of craziness he had earlier.
Unable to move, except to step back from the evident danger of the blaze, the doctor remained still as tears pooled in his eyes before falling down his face.
"John, I'm sorry... but it was for your benefit!" Harry was looking at her brother with concern. "Are you still really mad at me?"
"You've got to have an incentive to be married to an Ho --" the woman mutters before being cut short by her boss.
"I DON'T WANT JOHN TO SEE ME LIKE THIS!" The look of panic in his little brother's face was hard to watch.
“A hunch that I had for a case... You know, the serial suicides.” As the doctor nods, of course, he knew about the ‘suicides’ as it has been in the papers for days, Sherlock explains his theory so far, the pink phone, and everything.
Censoring himself, he doesn’t finish his thought. Curiously, even if he doesn’t have a clue of what was happening, he wasn’t actually that worried.  Unclear as to what the other man doing here, but instinctively trusting that they were both on the 'good' side.
Shaking his head, John protests with a smirk "No, no, I don't want you to miss some good family time! Doing dishes is an important role in the familial dynamic."
His heart was pounding and his whole body was hurting, the effect of the paracetamol had long worn off since his last dose. Repeating constantly like a mantra
“You think I’m not going to pick my boyfriend up from the airport?” John asks, grinning as he presses a quick kiss to Sherlock’s lips.
always had a soft spot for the weird ones. Maybe he’d even get to know Sherlock, now he knew Mary liked him.
“In a few hours. The neighbors… said they would...” her voice trails off, and Sherlock decides to leave her in peace until their tea is ready. He goes through the motions mechanically. Tries not to worry. Tries not to wish there were someone else here to help, someone who knew better what to do.
gay. It’s called bisexual, darling.” Mary was the only person besides his sister Harry who knew John’s orientation. He hadn’t told her; she’d figured it out when John had admired the backside of one of her dates rather obviously. Not one of John’s finer moments, as he’d be the first to admit. “We can talk about something else, though since you’re in such a mood. How were football tryouts?”
"Yeah, I, uh, saw you doing," John swept a hand towards Sherlock's entire self, hoping it conveyed the general idea, because John didn’t know how to verbalize anymore. "Well, I thought I'd stop by. Say hi and, you know, and that." God, could he sound any lamer? Three Counties, his arse. "How do you not get dizzy doing all those spins?” John asked.
John gaped at his retreating figure, too shocked to come up with a response. He turned to Greg and Molly. “Who the
That’s interesting. John shakes himself like he’s just been caught in a rainstorm and notices that, yes actually, he feels significantly less fluffy. A pity. He’d liked his shaggy coat.
John leans into the mic. “Looks like Sherlock needs some convincing. Show him some love, Minneapolis!”
John stands with a grin towards the floo where Harry appeared. He takes a step towards her when there’s a second
“Anyways, I’m the stage manager. I call the shots during a show and make sure everything happens when it’s supposed to and nothing happens when it isn’t. My ASM’s named Sally Donovan-that’s Assistant Stage Manager by the way, but you’ll get the hang of all the acronyms soon enough. She’s in auditions at the moment, keeping notes for Mrs. Hudson, the director.” Greg whistled at Molly and jerked his head toward John when she turned. Molly smiled and jogged over. “This is Molly, she operates Mechagodzilla.”
“You want to know my favorite flower?” John sets down his utensil, nudging his plate out of the way as he leans towards Sherlock along the small table, like he might be about to tell a secret. Sherlock does the same, and rests his chin on his beautiful hands, eyes sparkling.
Sherlock hums thoughtfully, not ready to share with John how he thrills to hear those words. “It’s certainly not a dance number. Irene will be disappointed.”
“I know who you are,” he says with a wry smile and a wink. “Come in, then. Sherlock’s room is through the sitting room, second door on the left.” He herds John through a doorway and into a small but cheery sitting room.
“Greg, that would be amazing!” John said truthfully. “But could you give me a bit to think about it?” He wasn’t ready to commit to anything just yet. “Brain injury, you know. Don’t want to make any big decisions right now.” John wasn’t severely concussed, but he’d milk this hospital visit for all it was worth.
